Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  The “Eagle Prestige”  
[2010] SGHC 93

Case Number| :| Admiralty in Rem No 233 of 2008 (Registrar's Appeal No 178 of
2009)  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 23 March 2010  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Belinda Ang Saw Ean J  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Vivian Ang, Leona Wong and Henry Ng (Allen & Gledhill
LLP) for the plaintiff; Timothy Tan and Magdalene Chew (AsiaLegal LLC) for the
intervener.  
Parties| :|  The "Eagle Prestige"  
  
23 March 2010|  
---|---  
  
Belinda Ang Saw Ean J:

1 This Registrar’s Appeal No 178 of 2009 (“RA 178”) was brought by the
plaintiff, T S Lines Ltd, to reverse a decision of the Assistant Registrar
(“AR”) made on 13 May 2009 to set aside the arrest of the _Eagle Prestige_
renamed _Engedi_. The main question in the appeal concerned the degree of
disclosure required on an application for a warrant of arrest. On 29 May 2009,
I allowed the plaintiff’s appeal with costs of the appeal and below to be
taxed, if not agreed. I now publish the reasons for my decision.

Background facts and circumstances leading to the arrest of the _Eagle
Prestige_

2 By way of summary, the proceedings herein arose out of the grounding of the
_TS Bangkok_ in Tanjong Priok, Indonesia, on 10 November 2007 which resulted
in hull and propeller damage to the vessel. At all material times, the
plaintiff was the disponent owner of the _TS Bangkok_. By a time charterparty
dated 22 May 2007 (“the May sub-charter”), the plaintiff sub-chartered the _TS
Bangkok_ to the defendant, EP Carriers Pte Ltd (“EP Carriers”).

3 On arrival at Tanjong Priok, the _TS Bangkok_ grounded whilst berthing
thereby sustaining hull and propeller damage. The damage was later repaired in
Hong Kong. The head owner of the _TS Bangkok_ sought to recover the costs of
the repairs related to the grounding from the plaintiff who, in passing on the
claim to EP Carriers, _inter alia_ , brought an action _in rem_ against the
defendant’s vessel, the _Eagle Prestige_ , the short title of which is
Admiralty In Rem No 233 of 2008 (“Adm 233”).

4 It is the plaintiff’s case that in breach of the May sub-charter, EP
Carriers had directed the _TS Bangkok_ to berth at Tanjong Priok, an unsafe
port/berth. The principal claim was put forward on the basis that the
defendant’s orders to berth the _TS Bangkok_ at Tanjong Priok amounted to
breach of the charterparty terms because it was an unsafe port/berth;
alternatively, the loss was sustained as a consequence of complying with the
orders of EP Carriers as charterer of the _TS Bangkok_. In correspondence, the
plaintiff also claimed the sum of US$42,753.94 being outstanding charges and
expenses due under the May sub-charter. Before me, however, the arguments
centred on the principal claim which, according to the endorsement of claim,
was for damages and/or an indemnity for breach of contract and/or duties
contained in or evidenced by the May sub-charter.

5 The _Eagle Prestige_ was first arrested in Singapore waters on 8 January
2009 by the master and crew in Admiralty in Rem No 9 of 2009 for unpaid wages
(“Adm 9”). On 17 February 2009, the master and crew applied for the vessel to
be sold _pendente lite_. Eventually, the claim in Adm 9 was amicably resolved
and the _Eagle Prestige_ was released from arrest on 27 February 2009. Adm 9
was discontinued on 3 March 2009. On the same day of her release, the
plaintiff arrested the _Eagle Prestige_ in Adm 233 for breach of the May sub-
charter in respect of the vessel _TS Bangkok_.

6 Fortunately for the plaintiff, the writ _in rem_ in Adm 233 was issued on 2
December 2008 _before_ the vessel’s ownership changed on 22 December 2008. At
the time of the plaintiff’s arrest, not only had the ownership of the _Eagle
Prestige_ changed, by 17 February 2009, EP Carriers was in provisional
liquidation by way of a creditors’ voluntary winding up, and provisional
liquidators were also appointed.**[note: 1]** It appears that the creditors
approved the liquidation of EP Carriers on 6 March 2009.

7 The circumstances leading to the plaintiff’s arrest of the _Eagle Prestige_
were recounted in the two affidavits of Li Kang-Lin (“Li”), both filed on
behalf of the plaintiff on 27 February 2009. I begin at the point when the
plaintiff received notice of the grounding claim from the head owner’s P&I
Club, The Swedish Club. In formally denying liability under the head charter
of the _TS Bangkok_ between the head owner and the plaintiff, the UK P&I Club
(on behalf of the plaintiff), in its fax of 6 October 2008 requested, _inter
alia_ , details of the damage and the subsequent repairs. In addition, the UK
P& I Club referred to a possible defence to the damage claim. The last
paragraph of the fax read as follows:[note: 2]

… we find that there is a special provision in Clause 90 [of the Head
Charterparty] which states that “The Charterers shall not be responsible for…
loss or damage to the vessel and/or other objects arising from perils insured
by customary policies of insurance” and Clause 102 states that the owner has a
proper hull insurance against all hull risks. As the repair costs arising out
of the ship’s damage is well covered by the ship’s Hull insurance policy,
Clause 90 will take effect and the [plaintiff] is not responsible for the
[head owner’s] loss covered by their insurer.

8 It was common ground that the head charter and May sub-charter were back to
back, and there was a comparable provision in the May sub-charter. Capital
Gate Holdings Pte Ltd (“Capital Gate”) who intervened in the proceedings
alleged that cl 90 was a complete defence to the plaintiff’s claim, and as
such was a material fact that should have been (but was not) disclosed in the
affidavits leading the warrant of arrest (see [98]–[111] below).

9 On 6 November 2008, The Swedish Club, on behalf of the head owner, replied
rejecting the alleged defence with the counter argument that “the damage
caused by the ship’s grounding [was] a peril that [was] covered under the
prevailing c/p.” The Swedish Club also stated that the head owner had already
notified EP Carriers of the repairs made to _TS Bangkok_ , and that surveyors
on behalf of EP Carriers had duly attended the surveys carried out in
connection with the repairs. In short, the grounding damage was notified to
the defendant and its liability insurers. On 10 November 2008, the plaintiff
passed on the head owner’s claim of US$ 481,572.19 to the defendant. In
particular, the UK P&I Club on behalf of the plaintiff wrote as follows:[note:
3]

As [the plaintiff’s] C/P terms with you are on back to back basis and in other
words [the plaintiff] is entitled to bring an indemnity claim on similar
grounds as contended by the headowner against you, we are grateful that you
can confirm to furnish an acceptable form of security for the owner’s claim
plus interest and costs to [the plaintiff].

10 EP Carriers had presumably notified the claim to its insurers because some
18 days later, QBE Marine Underwriting Agency Pte Ltd (“QBE”), a subsidiary of
QBE Insurance (International) Limited, responded in an email to the
plaintiff’s Hong Kong lawyers, DLA Piper (“DLA”). The email of 28 November
2008 stated:[note: 4]

(1) We are considering your security wording in detail and please give us time
to revert on the same latest next by Wednesday…

…

Ernest, you know us very well. We will not run away from our responsibilities
as we consider ourselves as reputable insurers. Please rest assured we will
sort out the security issue and hence please do not in the meantime take pre-
emptive action against the Insured’s vessel.

11 Since security was not forthcoming, the plaintiff went ahead to file the
writ _in rem_ against the _Eagle Prestige_ on 2 December 2008\. The picture
that emerged was a pattern of unfulfilled assurances from the defendant’s
insurers, QBE, over the security issue. DLA sent reminders to QBE on 4
December 2008, and again on 8 December 2008. On 11 December 2008, QBE replied
to DLA stating that they were still in discussions with EP Carriers on this
claim and asked that they be given time till the next day at which time they
said that DLA would receive a substantive response on the security demanded
from their lawyers in Singapore. However, no positive response on security as
promised materialised.

12 In the meantime, unbeknown to the plaintiff, EP Carriers had, on 22
December 2008, sold the _Eagle Prestige_ to the intervener “in consideration
of the sum of one dollar (US$1.00) … and other good and valuable consideration
…”.[note: 5] The shipping manager of Capital Gate, Tan Siew Ling (“TSL”) was
the deponent of all the affidavits filed on behalf of the intervener. It is
apposite to note that the only reason why TSL said she was in a position to
testify on matters involving the defendant was because she was a director of
EP Carriers from March 2001 to March 2009, and I noted from the documents that
the bank facilities provided by United Overseas Bank (“UOB”) continued to be
guaranteed by TSL and two others. The bill of sale of the _Eagle Prestige_ was
co-signed by TSL in her capacity as director of EP Carriers.

13 TSL had deposed in her 4th affidavit that the defendant’s liability to UOB
in the region of US$10.335m and S$1.61m was assumed by Linford Pte Ltd
following an Assignment and Novation Agreement dated 24 December 2008
(“Novation Agreement”). Furthermore, ownership of the _Eagle Prestige_ was
transferred to Capital Gate as nominee of Linford Pte Ltd. The Novation
Agreement was executed by TSL on behalf of EP Carriers. Tan Eng Joo, a
director of EP Carriers signed the Novation Agreement on behalf of Linford Pte
Ltd in his capacity as director of the company. Tan Eng Joo is also the sole
shareholder of Linford Pte Ltd, a company newly incorporated in Singapore on
11 November 2008. It was a term of the Novation Agreement that Linford Pte
would provide security in favour of UOB. Linford Pte Ltd agreed to give
security by way of a legal mortgage on _Eagle Prestige_. Linford Pte Ltd was
to procure its nominee, Capital Gate, to execute a first priority statutory
mortgage over the _Eagle Prestige_. As TSL acknowledged in her affidavit, the
value of the vessel was S$1.8m (and not US$8.2m as stated in the UOB facility
letter dated 19 December 2008), and it was not surprising to find UOB
requiring additional security to cover the indebtedness, namely a fresh legal
mortgage on the same office property belonging to Eagle Stevedoring (Pte) Ltd
and the same residential property of Tan Kheng Chong and Lim Guat.
Furthermore, the same three directors of EP Carriers, Tan Kheng Chong, Tan Eng
Joo and TSL were to execute in favour of UOB fresh joint and several
guarantees for S$1.61m and US$10.335m respectively. For completeness, the
Novation Agreement also involved the mortgage on another vessel, the _Eagle
Pride_. I need only mention two events of default under the UOB facility that
are relevant. The first event of default is that the _Eagle Prestige_ is not
to remain under arrest for more than three days. The other event of default is
the failure to pay the wages of the master and crew of the _Eagle Prestige_ by
31 December 2008.[note: 6] The master and crew arrested the _Eagle Prestige_
in Adm 9 on 8 January 2009 and she was not released until 27 February 2009.

14 Reverting to the narration of the procedural history, the first arrest of
the _Eagle Prestige_ was on 8 January 2009. On learning about the first arrest
in Adm 9, the plaintiff filed a caveat against release on the same day. As
stated earlier, Capital Gate entered an appearance in Adm 9. On 15 January
2009, AsiaLegal LLC (“AsiaLegal”) on behalf of Capital Gate wrote to Allen &
Gledhill LLC (“A&G”) as solicitors for the plaintiff to demand that the caveat
be withdrawn on the basis that the intervener owed no liability to the
plaintiff. In response, A&G pointed out that the plaintiff’s writ _in rem_ was
issued _before_ the change of ownership, and as such its claim was unaffected
by the ownership change. At that point, AsiaLegal requested details of the
plaintiff’s security requirements on 21 January 2009. Meanwhile, on 16 January
2009, DLA wrote to EP Carriers repeating the request for security in respect
of the plaintiff’s claim. This time, the request was totally ignored. It later
transpired that EP Carriers being insolvent and unable to carry on business
had gone into provisional liquidation on 17 February 2009, and provisional
liquidators appointed. Upon the vessel’s release from the first arrest on 27
February 2009, she was arrested by the plaintiff in Adm 233.

15 On 9 March 2009, EP Carriers (through the liquidators) entered an
appearance in Adm 233 as owner of _Eagle Prestige_ at the time the writ was
issued. One month later, Capital Gate intervened in Adm 233 and entered an
appearance on 16 April 2009 as the new owner of the vessel. I noted that
Capital Gate as early as 15 January 2009 had entered an appearance in Adm 9 as
owner of the vessel.

Summons No 1777 of 2009 to set aside the warrant of arrest and outcome

16 In Summons No 1777 of 2009 (“Summons 1777”), the intervener, Capital Gate,
applied for the setting aside of the warrant of arrest (and not the writ _in
rem_) and damages for wrongful arrest. The grounds of the application were set
out in TSL’s 2nd affidavit filed on 16 April 2009, and they were entirely
based on the plaintiff’s failure to make full and frank disclosure of material
information in the affidavits leading the warrant of arrest. In particular, cl
90 of the May sub-contract would absolve the defendant from all and any
liability arising from the alleged grounding incident, and cl 90 should have
been disclosed in the affidavit leading the warrant of arrest. TSL also
alleged that the plaintiff had failed to disclose in the affidavits leading
the warrant of arrest that the plaintiff was disputing the claim against the
head owner and had raised the very same clause and cl 102 in the head charter
in defence against the head owner’s damage claim.

17 Clauses 90 and 102 of the May sub-charter read as follows:

90 The Charterers shall not be responsible for loss of life nor personal
injury nor arrest or seizure or loss or damage to the vessel and/or other
objects arising from perils insured by customary policies of insurance.

….

102 Owners to keep the vessel fully insured against all hull risks as per
institute time clause (HULLS) 1.10.1983 including RDC or equivalent conditions
and usual deductibles.

18 TSL’s 3rd affidavit filed on 5 May 2009 introduced other areas of non-
disclosure. They were:

(a) There was no information on the status of the head owner’s claim against
the plaintiff, and since the head owner’s claim against plaintiff had not been
determined the claim against the defendant was premature.

(b) EP Carriers had liability cover with QBE and the plaintiff was aware of
that cover.

19 In the midst of the additional areas of non-disclosures raised in the
affidavits was the incongruous argument that there was a need for the
plaintiff to demonstrate a “good arguable case” against the defendant. The
latter argument was raised in TSL’s 3rd affidavit filed on 5 May 2009 wherein
she made the cursory allegation that there was no good arguable case because
there was no evidence or contemporaneous correspondence that the grounding
occurred. It is unclear what else was said before the AR hearing Summons 1777
who had noted down in his minute sheet the contention of Mr Timothy Tan,
counsel for the intervener, that first, _The Vasiliy Golovnin_ [2008] 4 SLR(R)
994 (“ _The Vasiliy Golovnin (CA)”_) required the plaintiff to show a good
arguable case and that second, this onus was not discharged by the plaintiff.
The main objection was still material non-disclosure.

20 The AR agreed with the intervener and ordered that the warrant of arrest be
set aside for material non-disclosure. The AR explained that:

[the plaintiff] had failed to disclose the material fact that they had raised
the defence of Clause 90 against the [head owner]. They ought to have done so,
even if only to add that they themselves felt that to be a weak argument, or
that the failure to raise the same argument in the pre-arrest correspondence
showed that they too did not believe it to be a strong defence, or that the
defence available to the [plaintiff] vis-à-vis the [head owner] would not have
been available to the [intervener] for some reason or another.

21 Notably, Capital Gate chose to confine its objection to material non-
disclosure. TSL’s affidavits did not rely on jurisdictional grounds to set
aside the warrant of arrest. Equally, there was no separate application in
Summons 1777 to strike out the writ _in rem_ and action under O 18 r 19 of the
Rules of Court (Cap 322, R5, 2006 Rev Ed) (“ROC”). At the risk of stating the
obvious, if a claim is made without foundation, the defendant can always
challenge jurisdiction under O 12 r 7 of the ROC as well as strike out the
writ _in rem_ and action under O 18 r 19.

Application to adduce further affidavit evidence after first hearing

22 At the hearing of RA 178, the plaintiff applied for leave to adduce further
evidence by way of an affidavit from Henry Ng (“Mr Ng”), a Senior Associate in
A&G who attended before Assistant Registrar, Mr Adrian Loo (“AR Loo”), for the
issuance of the warrant of arrest. Counsel for the plaintiff, Ms Vivian Ang,
explained that the purpose of filing Mr Ng’s affidavit was to set out the
various matters that were orally conveyed to AR Loo. According to Mr Ng, he
attended before AR Loo for more than an hour but the certified true copy of AR
Loo’s minute sheet recorded the following limited matters:

PC:When action was commenced, name of ship was Eagle Prestige. After writ
issued, vessel changed name (and ownership) to Engedi. New name is reflected
in amended writ and papers. Another arrest currently in place; seeking to take
over arrest.

Caveat search for “Engedi” done at 5.06 pm. No caveat against arrest. Caveat
search for “Eagle Prestige” done at 5.08 pm. Five caveats. One is Plaintiff’s
against release. Three of remaining four have commenced actions against
release. For last one, UOB, have not commenced action but have been invited to
and according to correspondence, have requested to withdraw caveat.

PC:Owner of TS Bangkok at time of incident is disponent owner. Defendants were
charterers and/or in possession of and/or in control of TS Bangkok at time of
incident, 10 November 2007\. Proceeding against Eagle Prestige under s 4(4) of
HC Admiralty Jurisdiction Act. (Details in affidavit.)

Court:Request for warrant of arrest approved.

23 I granted leave to the plaintiff to file Mr Ng’s affidavit. At the hearing
of RA 178, Mr Tan argued that Mr Ng’s affidavit was plainly an afterthought
and the court should not give it weight. Although Mr Tan objected to the
lateness of the application and doubted its veracity and credibility, the
intervener did not appeal against my decision granting leave to adduce further
evidence.

Judicial sale of _Eagle Prestige_

24 Before proceeding further, it is necessary to mention that after I allowed
the plaintiff’s appeal in RA 178, the plaintiff’s adjourned application for
the sale of the vessel _pendente lite_ was listed for hearing before Lai Siu
Chiu J who ordered the judicial sale of the _Eagle Prestige_ on 5 June 2009.
Interestingly, the intervener did not appeal against Lai J’s judicial sale
order, but instead filed a notice of appeal against my decision on 22 June
2009 without seeking, in the meantime, an order to stay execution of the
judicial sale order pending the intervener’s appeal against my decision to the
Court of Appeal. The judicial sale of the _Eagle Prestige_ was completed on 25
August 2009, and the proceeds of sale were paid into court on the same day.
The sale proceeds have remained with the Sheriff as the plaintiff’s claims are
being disputed. As I understand from Ms Ang’s arguments, the mortgage on the
_Eagle Prestige_ was created after the plaintiff’s writ _in rem_ was issued.

Jurisdiction _in rem_ against _Eagle Prestige_

25 As provided by s 3(1) of the High Court (Admiralty Jurisdiction) Act (Cap
123, 2001 Rev Ed) (“HCAJA”), the High Court has admiralty jurisdiction to hear
and determine:

…

(h) any claim arising out of any agreement relating to the carriage of goods
in a ship or to the use or hire of a ship;

…

26 So far as material, s 4(4) of the HCAJA provides:

**4\. -(4**) In the case of any such claim as is mentioned in section 3 (1)
(_d_) to (_q_), where —

(a) the claim arises in connection with a ship; and

(b) the person who would be liable on the claim in an action in personam
(referred to in this subsection as the relevant person) was, when the cause of
action arose, the owner or charterer of, or in possession or in control of,
the ship,

an action in rem may (whether or not the claim gives rise to a maritime lien
on that ship) be brought in the High Court against —

(i) that ship, if at the time when the action is brought the relevant person
is either the beneficial owner of that ship as respects all the shares in it
or the charterer of that ship under a charter by demise; or

(ii) any other ship of which, at the time when the action is brought, the
relevant person is the beneficial owner as respects all the shares in it.

27 Against this statutory background, it is not disputed that the plaintiff
whose claim is for breach of the May sub-charter, has to satisfy both ss
3(1)(_h_) and 4(4) of the HCAJA to maintain the arrest. Conversely, in order
to have the arrest set aside, it would have been sufficient for Capital Gate
to succeed on either statutory provision. If either statutory provision was
not satisfied, the arrest could not be sustained. Even if the statutory
provisions were satisfied, the court retains the discretion to set aside the
arrest on a separate and independent ground if there was material non-
disclosure (see _The Rainbow Spring_ [2003] 3 SLR(R) 362 (“ _The Rainbow
Spring (CA)”)_ at [37]).

28 In Summons 1777, the intervener applied for the warrant of arrest to be set
aside for material non-disclosure. As stated, there was no application to set
aside the writ _in rem_ on jurisdictional grounds under O 12 r 7, or to strike
out the writ _in rem_ and action under O 18 r 19 or under the court’s inherent
jurisdiction for frivolous or vexatious proceedings. Mr Tan, on behalf of the
intervener, explained that there was no dispute that the plaintiff’s claim
fell squarely within s 3(1)(_h_) of the HCAJA having regard to the existence
of the May sub-charter of the _TS Bangkok_ made between the plaintiff and EP
Carriers. He averred that the plaintiff’s claim arose from the May sub-
charter. Furthermore, although the _Eagle Prestige_ was not the ship in
connection with which the claim was said to have arisen, the arrest was of a
vessel owned by EP Carriers who was the charterer of _TS Bangkok_ at the time
the plaintiff’s cause of action arose. There was no contest on the rightful
ownership of the _Eagle Prestige_ at the time the writ _in rem_ was issued on
2 December 2008 as ownership had remained constantly with EP Carriers.
However, Mr Tan argued that even though the plaintiff had satisfied the
requirements of s 3(1)(_h_) and s 4(4)(_b_)(ii), the plaintiff must still
demonstrate that it had a good arguable case on the merits. Mr Tan contended
that the plaintiff’s claim was premature, and went so far as to argue that
_The Vasiliy Golovnin (CA)_ in effect changed the _in personam_ test in s
4(4)(_b_) to a higher threshold, and in doing so, departed from the legal
principles enunciated in _The St Elefterio_ [1957] 1 Lloyd’s Rep 283 (“ _The
St Elefterio”)_.

29 Ms Ang pointed out that since the same facts were used in arguments, the
intervener was muddling issues of a lack of jurisdiction with issues of non-
disclosure such that it was not clear if the arguments made were directed to
one issue or both. In short, it was far from clear whether the intervener in
raising the need to show a “good arguable case” on the merits was mounting a
jurisdictional challenge when Summons 1777 was grounded entirely on material
non-disclosure.

30 Mr Tan first raised two broad issues in his written submissions. They are
paraphrased as follows:

(i) Whether the arresting party is required to show, at the stage when the
warrant of arrest is being challenged (“the challenge stage”) that it has a
“good arguable case” on the merits of the claim; and

(ii) Whether the duty of disclosure in applications for warrant of arrest
extends to cover plausible defences on the merits of the claim.

In the course of argument, Mr Tan raised a third issue which is whether at the
application for a warrant of arrest (“the application stage”), the arresting
party is required to show that it has a “good arguable case” on the merits of
the claim. The issues will be examined shortly. Suffice it to say at this
point of time, I did not accept Mr Tan’s various contentions.

The Court of Appeal’s decision in _The Vasiliy Golovnin_

31 Mr Tan’s arguments were supposedly drawn from what was said to be legal
propositions laid down in the recent decision of _The Vasiliy Golovnin (CA)_.
Before examining _The Vasiliy Golovnin (CA)_ on the three issues identified by
Mr Tan and paraphrased in [30], it is necessary that I begin by summarising
the relevant facts. A fuller account of the facts is reported in _The Vasiliy
Golovnin_ [2007] 4 SLR(R) 277 (“ _The Vasiliy Golovnin (HC)”_). It must also
be remembered that the defendant, Far Eastern Shipping Co Plc (“FESCO”),
applied (a) to set aside the writ _in rem_ and the warrant of arrest for,
_inter alia_ , non-compliance with s 3(1) of the HCAJA (_ie_. want of
jurisdiction) and (b) for the writ _in rem_ and action to be struck out as
vexatious and an abuse of process under O 18 r 19 of ROC or under the inherent
jurisdiction of the court. At the risk of stating the obvious, the striking
out application under O 18 r 19 is a separate process under the ROC and
available as a procedural remedy for the summary disposal of clear and wholly
unmeritorious, and hence, unsustainable actions. Tan Lee Meng J in _Recordtv
Pte Ltd v MediaCorp TV Singapore Pte Ltd_ [2009] 4 SLR(R) 43 at [17] helpfully
summarised the meaning of “frivolous or vexatious” and “abuse of process” as
decided by our Court of Appeal in two cases:

In _The Osprey_ [1999] 3 SLR(R) 1099, LP Thean JA reiterated at [8] that the
words “frivolous and vexatious [in O 18 r 19(b)] mean actions which are
“obviously unsustainable” or “wrong” and this expression also connotes “a lack
of purpose or seriousness in the party’s conduct of the proceedings.” As for
what amounts to an “abuse of process” [in O 18 r 19(d)], in [_Gabriel Peter &
Partners v Wee Chong Jin_ [1997] 3 SLR(R) 649] [15]  _supra_), the Court of
Appeal stated at [22] stated as follows:

The term, ‘abuse of process of the Court’, in Order 18 Rule 19(1)(_d_), has
been given a wide interpretation by the courts. It includes considerations of
public policy and the interests of justice. This term signifies that the
process of the court must be used _bona fide_ and properly and must not be
abused. The court will prevent the improper use of its machinery. It will
prevent the judicial process from being used as a means of vexation and
oppression in the process of litigation. The categories of conduct rendering a
claim frivolous, vexatious or an abuse of process are not closed and will
depend on all the relevant circumstances of the case. …

32 FESCO as the head owner chartered the vessel _Chelyabinsk_ on amended New
York Produce Exchange (“NYPE”) terms to head charterers, Sea Transport
Contractors Ltd (“STC”). STC, in turn, sub-chartered the _Chelyabinsk_ on
amended NYPE terms to Rustal SA (“Rustal”) for the carriage of a shipment of
rice on a voyage from China and India for discharge at Lomé, Togo. The banks
who provided financing to Rustal and received the relevant bills of lading as
security were Crédit Agricole (Suisse) SA (“Crédit Agricole”) and Banque
Cantonale de Genève SA (“BCG”). The relevant bills of lading named Lomé as the
port of discharge. The dispute that arose was over the payment of hire for the
_Chelyabinsk_. As a result, FESCO received conflicting instructions from STC
and the banks, “Crédit Agricole” and BCG. STC instructed the _Chelyabinsk_ to
sail to Lomé, Togo, while the banks gave instructions to discharge the cargo
at Douala, Cameroon, in exchange for a letter of indemnity. Two of the three
pertinent bills of lading stated the port of discharge to be Lomé, and the
third was “any African port.”

33 One pertinent fact in the case was that STC, on Rustal’s instructions, had
requested FESCO to switch the bills of lading to alter the port of discharge
of the cargo from Lomé to Douala but the switch never took place. Even without
the switch, the banks still wanted the cargo discharged at Douala. FESCO,
under instructions to discharge the cargo at Lomé, refused. On discharge, some
of the cargo sustained damaged, and FESCO’s P&I Club provided security for the
cargo damage. Meanwhile, on 21 February 2006, the banks obtained a Lomé court
order for the arrest of the _Chelyabinsk_ in connection with FESCO’s refusal
to discharge the cargo at Douala and for damage to cargo. At an _inter partes_
hearing, FESCO successfully opposed the arrest by obtaining an order to set
aside of the arrest. The banks did not appeal against the Lomé decision of 24
February 2006. The Lomé court made the following important findings:

(a) The banks could not deal directly with FESCO without going through Rustal
and STC, and FESCO could only follow STC’s instructions since Lomé was
stipulated as the port of discharge in a number of the bills of lading.

(b) FESCO had not been at fault in proceeding to Lomé on STC’s instructions
since STC had control over the commercial management of the _Chelyabinsk_ as
charterer.

(c) Douala was not listed as a port of discharge on the bills of lading
although the banks claimed that the cargo was bound for Douala.

(d) Sufficient security was given for the claims for loss and damage to the
cargo and the banks could not claim that they had suffered any loss.

34 On 18 March 2006, the banks started _in rem_ proceeding in Singapore and
arrested the _Vasiliy Golovnin_ , a sister ship of the _Chelyabinsk_ , in
respect of the very same claims earlier made unsuccessfully to the court in
Lomé. FESCO duly applied to set aside the writ _in rem_ and warrant of arrest
of the _Vasiliy Golovnin_. The Assistant Registrar, Ms Ang Ching Pin (“AR
Ang”) allowed FESCO’s application. The writ _in rem_ and the warrant of arrest
of the _Vasiliy Golovnin_ were set aside for three reasons, namely (a) issue
estoppel, (b) material non-disclosure and (c) lack of an arguable case against
FESCO. On appeal, Tan Lee Meng J affirmed AR Ang’s decision (except for the
cargo damage claim, which Tan J did not strike out). Crédit Agricole and _not_
BCG, appealed to the Court of Appeal against Tan J’s decision. However,
FESCO’s cross-appeal for wrongful arrest was against both banks.

35 In deciding against Crédit Agricole, the Court of Appeal held that the bank
did not have a “good arguable case” because FESCO had no duty to obey Crédit
Agricole, the holder of the bills of lading and named consignee, in deviating
to Douala from Lomé. To do so would have made FESCO liable for breach of the
head charter and breach of the contracts of carriage contained in or evidenced
by the relevant bills of lading. Furthermore, unless the sub-charter provided
otherwise, the master was obliged to obey all instructions of STC who was
entitled to give employment instructions to FESCO.

36 On the subject of material non-disclosure, the Court of Appeal held that
Crédit Agricole had insufficiently disclosed the existence of proceedings in
Lomé. The Court of Appeal noted that there was no real difference between the
“essential features of the Togolese and Singapore claims”. The bank should
have disclosed to Assistant Registrar, Mr David Lee (AR Lee), who heard the
application for a warrant of arrest that the objective of the proposed switch
of the bills of lading was to change the port of discharge without which the
discharge port remained the same. Further, Crédit Agricole should have
disclosed to AR Lee the fact that there had been an _inter partes_ hearing in
Lomé and its outcome in FESCO’s favour to the effect that it had correctly
performed the terms of the bills of lading contract by discharging the cargo
at Lomé. If those facts were disclosed, AR Lee would have made enquiries in
order to be better placed to make an informed decision as to whether or not to
issue the warrant of arrest.

37 On issue estoppel, it was not necessary for the Court of Appeal to discuss
the plea in detail and the Court of Appeal agreed with Tan J that issue
estoppel was made out on the facts.

38 I now turn to examine _The Vasiliy Golovnin (CA)_ in order to consider the
three issues raised by Mr Tan as supporting his arguments. I will deal with
issues (i) and (iii) together as the arguments are the same.

“Good arguable case”

39 In respect of issue (i) set out in [30] above, Mr Tan submitted that paras
[51] and [52] of _The Vasiliy Golovnin (CA)_ supported his proposition that,
at the challenge stage, the plaintiff is required to show that he has a good
arguable case on the merits. Paragraphs [51] and [52] of _The Vasiliy Golovnin
(CA)_ read as follows:

51 The arrest of a vessel is never a trifling matter. Arrest is a very
powerful invasive remedy. … Maritime arrests can, when improperly executed,
sometime be as destructive as Anton Piller orders and even as potentially
ruinous as Mareva injunctions, the two nuclear weapons of civil litigation. As
such, a plaintiff must always remain cautious and rigorously ascertain the
material facts before applying for a warrant of arrest. While there is no need
to establish a conclusive case at the outset, there is certainly a need to
establish a good arguable case, before an arrest can be issued. This
determination plainly requires a preliminary assessment of the merits of the
claim.

52 The standard to be applied in Singapore at this early stage of the matter,
if there is a challenge on the merits, is indeed the “good arguable case”
yardstick (see Karthigesu JA’s observations in _The Jarguh Sawit_ (CA), at
[47], above). The plaintiff does not have to establish at this stage that he
has a cause of action that might probably prevail in the final analysis.
Karthigesu JA has rightly pointed out in _The Jarguh Sawit_ (CA) that the
plaintiff need only show that he has a “good arguable case” that his cause of
action falls within one of the categories provided for in s 3(1) of the HCAJA.
The party invoking the arrest procedure must be prepared, when challenged, to
justify that it was entitled right from the outset to invoke this remedy.

40 At the hearing, Mr Tan expanded on his contention to include issue (iii)
which is set out in [30] above. He said he was relying on _The Vasiliy
Golovnin (CA)_ for the proposition that at the time of applying for the
warrant of arrest, the plaintiff has to satisfy the yardstick of a good
arguable case on the merits. He claimed that his contention was reinforced by
the Court of Appeal enlarging the arresting party’s duty to disclose material
facts to cover plausible defences on the merits. That enlargement of the
disclosure duty, so the argument developed, served to affirm the need to show
a good arguable case on the merits at the application stage. In doing so and
as a result, the Court of Appeal departed from the legal principles in _The St
Elefterio_ (see [28] above).

41 In my view, Mr Tan had misunderstood _The Vasiliy Golovnin (CA)_ which
discussed and decided two different challenges: (a) procedural challenge to
jurisdiction which encompasses the existence of jurisdiction and the court’s
exercise of such jurisdiction; and (b) substantive challenge on the merits of
the claim as it was without foundation in the context of an application to
strike out the writ _in rem_ and action under O 18 r 19 of the ROC. Turning to
specifics, in _The Vasiliy Golovnin (CA)_ , there was an application to set
aside the writ _in rem_ and warrant of arrest on grounds of want of
jurisdiction _in rem_ under s 3(1) of the HCAJA. There was also a further
application to strike out the writ _in rem_ and action under O18 r 19 or under
the court’s inherent jurisdiction which is a different point from
jurisdiction. As stated in [34] above, Tan J struck out all of the banks’
claims other than that relating to damage to the cargo as the action failed to
satisfy the threshold of being “arguable” (see [24] of _The Vasiliy Golovnin
(CA)_). On appeal to the Court of Appeal, VK Rajah JA (delivering the judgment
of the appellate court) discussed (a) the setting aside of the writ _in rem_
and warrant of arrest (under O 12 r 7) on the ground that the claims did not
fall with s 3(1) of the HCAJA, and (b) striking out the writ _in rem_ and
action under O 18 r 19 or under the court’s inherent jurisdiction on the
ground that the claims were unmeritorious or clearly unsustainable (see [44]
of _The Vasiliy Golovnin (CA)_). As Rajah JA observed (at [48] of _The Vasiliy
Golovnin (CA)_), O 18 r 19 of the ROC is a useful procedural remedy for the
summary disposal of an action _in rem_ which is vexatious in the sense that
the action is clearly hopeless, unmeritorious and, hence, unsustainable.

42 As I have alluded to earlier, Mr Tan had argued that paras [51] and [52] of
_The Vasiliy Golovnin (CA)_ supported his contentions in issue (i) and issue
(iii). The contentions are, in my view, misconceived. Paragraphs [45] to [52]
fall under the heading “Requirements for determining whether the claim falls
within section 3(1) of the HCAJA” and they have nothing to do with the _in
personam_ test in s 4(4)(_b_) (_per_ Selvam JC (as he then was) who coined the
phrase “ _in personam_ test” in _The Opal 3_ , [1992] 2 SLR(R) 231 at [10]).

43 Turning first to the discussions on s 3(1) of the HCAJA in _The Vasiliy
Golovnin (CA)_ , Rajah JA discussed in [45] to [52] the statutory requirements
for determining whether a claim falls within s 3(1)(_h_) of the HCAJA. Rajah
JA began the discussions on s 3(1)(_h_) of the HCAJA by citing _The Jarguh
Sawit_ [1997] 3 SLR(R) 829 (“ _The Jarguh Sawit”_) and quoted with approval
extracts from Toh Kian Sing SC, _Admiralty Law & Practice_ (Lexis Nexis, 2nd
Ed, 2007 at pp 45-46) (“ _Admiralty Law & Practice”_):

When the claim is challenged at the jurisdictional stage, the court is not
usually concerned with its merits. The concern at this stage is whether the
nature of the plaintiff’s claim is within a particular head of jurisdiction,
rather than the strength of the claim. _So long as the claim is not so
frivolous as to be dismissed in limine, the plaintiff does not have to
establish at the outset that he has a cause of action substantial at law_.
Neither would the existence of a good defence to a claim negate the court’s
admiralty jurisdiction. If the subject matter jurisdiction of the court is
challenged, _the plaintiff under the law of Singapore only has to show that he
has a good arguable case that his claim comes within one of the limbs of
section 3(1) of the High Court (Admiralty Jurisdiction) Act, as opposed to the
more onerous test of a balance of probabilities_. The test in England, at
least where the jurisdictional challenge relates to the existence of
particular facts, remains that of a balance of probabilities… The position in
Australia is that any such jurisdictional fact must be proved on a balance of
probabilities.

[emphasis in the original]

44 M Karthigesu JA in _The Jarguh Sawit_ pointed out, at [42] of the report,
that the nature of the legal examination and the standard of proof will be
different if one is asserting jurisdiction as compared with liability which is
another question. If the dispute is whether the requirements of s 3(1) are
satisfied, Karthigesu JA at [43] held that:

In a hearing of an application to dispute jurisdiction [under s 3(1)], the
plaintiff need only show that he has a good arguable case that his cause of
action falls within one of the categories of s 3(1), in this case, ground (c).
His objective is to persuade the court that there is sufficient evidence that
a claim of the type specified in s 3(1)(c) exists. As the plaintiff in the
present case did so, the court was entitled to find that the plaintiff rightly
invoked its jurisdiction.

45 Karthigesu JA went on to explain at [44] that it would be later when the
action reaches trial stage that the very same facts used to establish
jurisdiction must be proved at the hearing of the substantive dispute on
liability and the standard of proof then is on a balance of probabilities. In
_The Jarguh Sawit_ , the appellants, before filing their defence, applied to
set aside the writ _in rem_ under O 12, r 7 on the grounds that the court had
no jurisdiction to hear the action as they were not liable _in personam_ to
the respondents. On the facts, the procedural issue in _The Jarguh Sawit_ had
already been conclusively determined in an earlier interlocutory application
and the point was _res judicata_.

46 Subsequently, at [52] of _The Vasiliy Golovnin_ , Rajah JA agreed with
Karthigesu JA that at the early stage of the application filed to dispute
jurisdiction (_ie_ , the challenge stage), all the plaintiff needed to do was
to merely demonstrate that “he has a good arguable case that his cause of
action falls within one of the categories s 3(1)”. The standard of proof is
the “good arguable case” yardstick, that is to say the “plaintiff does not
have to establish at this stage that he has a cause of action that might
probably prevail in the final analysis” at the trial. In practice, in order
for the plaintiff to establish that he has a good arguable case within one of
the categories of s 3(1), and using as an example s 3(1)(_h_), the plaintiff
will have to set out the grounds comprising the factual foundation of the
claim and the assertion of a legal right consequential upon those grounds. A
claim that a breach of contract has occurred is thus a claim for relief
founded on grounds where an essential part of the claim is a contract relating
to the hire or use of a ship. Significantly, at that stage, the strength of
the claim is not relevant as the plaintiff does not have to establish at the
outset that he has a cause of action substantial at law (see _The St
Elefterio_ (see [29] above); _Baltic Shipping Co Ltd v Pegasus Lines SA_
[1996] 3 NZLR 641 at 647-648 & _Admiralty Law & Practice_ at p 46 (see [43]
above)).

47 The dictum in [52] of _The Vasiliy Golovnin (CA)_ is consistent with the
line of authorities that an _in rem_ plaintiff need do no more than
demonstrate that the claim falls within one of the claims listed in s 3(1),
and that there is _no_ onus on the in _rem_ plaintiff to go beyond that early
stage to prove the further point that the claim is likely to succeed _unless_
there is a _separate challenge_ that the action is so frivolous as to be
summarily dismissed. This is the approach adopted in _The St Elefterio_ and
_The Moschanthy_ [1971] 1 Lloyd’s Rep 37 at 42 (“ _The Moschanthy”_). One must
therefore read paras [45] to [52] of the _The Vasiliy Golovnin (CA)_ in the
context of the discussion on first, whether or not the plaintiff’s cause of
action fell within one of the categories in s 3(1) of the HCAJA and second, in
the context of Rajah JA’s agreeing with the observations of Karthigesu JA in
_The Jarguh Sawit_ on the standard of proof at the challenge stage.

48 In relation to the applicable standard of proof, one must always keep in
mind the context of the case. In _The Jarguh Sawit_ , the nature of the claim
for the purposes of s 3(1)(_c_) of the HCAJA was not controversial. It
concerned an undisputed fact that the claim was in respect of a ship’s
mortgage that came within s 3(1)(_c_). The complaint was whether the current
owner of the vessel without notice of the plaintiff’s unregistered mortgage
was liable to the respondent and that was an issue to be resolved at trial
(see MPH Rubin J’s decision reported in [1995] 2 SLR(R) 913 at [37] which was
upheld on appeal in Civil Appeal No 122 of 1995). Similarly, in _The Vasiliy
Golovnin (CA)_ , the nature of the claim was not in dispute. Crédit Agricole
was able to establish, at the challenge stage, a claim for relief founded on
grounds an essential part of which was a contract relating to the hire or use
of a ship that came within s 3(1)(_h_). Again context is important.

49 I digress here a little for a brief reminder on the proper standard of
proof of jurisdictional questions under the HCAJA. When jurisdiction _in rem_
is challenged (and the challenge to set aside the writ _in rem_ and warrant of
arrest is usually made under O 12 r 7), the proper standard of proof on
jurisdiction is on a balance of probabilities. It is clear that where
jurisdiction _in rem_ is based on the existence of particular facts or a
particular state of affairs, a challenge to jurisdiction can only be resisted
by establishing the facts on which it depends. In the event, the particular
facts or state of affairs must be established on the balance of probabilities
in the light of all the affidavit evidence before the court to determine
whether there is jurisdiction _in rem_. This approach is illustrated by such
cases as _The Catur Samudra_ [2010] SGHC 18 (“ _The Catur Samudra_ ”), _The
Alexandrea_ [2002] 1 SLR(R) 813 (“ _The Alexandrea_ ”), _The Andres Bonifacio_
[1991] 1 SLR(R) 523 (“ _The Andres Bonifacio_ ”), _The Inai Selasih_ (_ex
“Geopotes X”_) [2005] 4 SLR(R) 1 (“ _The Inai Selasih_ “) and the Court of
Appeal’s decision reported in [2006] 2 SLR(R) 181. A review of those cases
will show that where, for instance, the nature of the claim requires, for
example, the establishment of factual preconditions in s 3(1) or contemplates
a s 4(4) ownership question, the _in rem_ plaintiff was obliged to prove the
existence of the particular jurisdictional fact and to show jurisdiction on a
balance of probabilities.

50 In _The Catur Samudra_ , a recent decision of Steven Chong JC, one of the
issues that arose was, _inter alia_ , whether a claim under a guarantee for
the liabilities of a related company as charterer under a charterparty was a
claim arising out of an agreement relating to the use or hire of a vessel
within the scope of s 3(1)(_h_) of the HCAJA. The plaintiff was required to
satisfy the burden of proof on a balance of probabilities in respect of an
essential jurisdictional issue. In that case, the nature of the claim went to
the heart of the jurisdiction _in rem_ , and at the challenge stage, it was
for the plaintiff to prove on a balance of probabilities the jurisdictional
issue in question.

51 _The Alexandrea_ concerned the supply of contaminated marine fuel oil to
the vessel, _Front Melody_ , resulting in damage to _Front Melody_ ’s
machinery. The plaintiff commenced an action _in rem_ against the _Alexandrea_
and arrested the vessel. One of the grounds upon which the court’s
jurisdiction was challenged by the defendant was that the plaintiff’s claim
did not arise “in connection with a ship” (see s 4(4) of the HCAJA). The High
Court held that the _Front Melody_ and not the _Alexandrea_ was the ship in
connection with which the claim arose. The plaintiff had to prove on a balance
of probabilities the jurisdictional issue in question.

52 In _The Inai Selasih_ , the plaintiff there entered into a joint venture
with the defendant pursuant to a memorandum of understanding (the “MOU”).
Thereafter, the plaintiff provided a dredger, the _Inai Seroja_ , to the
defendant for its use. Various claims under the MOU arose between the parties
and the plaintiff eventually commenced proceedings against the defendant and
arrested the _Inai Selasih_ , a vessel owned by the defendant. The defendant
applied to set aside the writ _in rem_ and the warrant of arrest on the basis,
_inter alia_ , that it was not the charterer of the _Inai Seroja_ because the
charterparty relied upon by the plaintiff in the _in rem_ action was a sham,
and it could not have the effect of conferring the status of charterer on the
defendant. The High Court held that the onus was on the plaintiff to
establish, on a balance of probabilities, that the defendant was the charterer
of the _Inai Seroja_ when the cause of action arose. That burden was not
discharged as the requirements of s 4(4) were not satisfied (see the Court of
Appeal’s decision reported in [2006] 2 SLR(R) 181 at [15] upholding the High
Court on this point).

53 In _The Andres Bonifacio_ , the plaintiffs arrested the _Andres Bonifacio_
as security for their claim arising from the charter of another vessel. The
defendant applied to set aside the writ _in rem_. The main issue for
determination was whether the defendant was the beneficial owner of the
_Andres Bonifacio_. Karthigesu J (as he then was) decided (at [47]) that

[o]n the balance of probabilities, I am satisfied that [the defendant was] the
beneficial [owner] of all the shares in the ‘Andres Bonifacio’ from 1980
through to the date when these _in rem_ proceedings were commenced.

The Court of Appeal in [1993] 3 SLR(R) 71 upheld Karthigesu J’s findings on
beneficial ownership.

Unmeritorious substantive claim

54 I now come to the other part of _The Vasiliy Golovnin (CA)_ relating to the
question of whether the banks’ claims were unmeritorious or clearly
unsustainable (see [44] of _The Vasiliy Golovnin (CA)_). On the facts of that
case, a good starting point is the test of jurisdiction under s4(4)(b) (_ie_ ,
the _in personam_ test). It is important to bear in mind the _in personam_
test in two contexts. The first concerns what has been described as “the low
threshold of the merits enquiry” (“Situation 1”), and the second is where the
proceedings are frivolous or vexatious or otherwise an abuse of process so as
to warrant halting such proceedings _in limine_ by striking out the action
under O18 r 19 of ROC or under the court’s inherent jurisdiction (“Situation
2”). Under Situation 2, the merits of the claim are examined as a summary
disposal of the action is being sought. Notably, _The Vasiliy Golovnin (CA)_
was concerned with Situation 2. In contrast, the present case falls typically
within Situation 1.

55 In _The St Elefterio_ , the defendant shipowner applied to set aside the
writ _in rem_ arguing that the plaintiff’s claim against the defendant for
damages arising out of the antedating of the bills of lading did not fall
within s 1(1) (_h_) of the Administration of Justice Act 1956 (“the 1956 Act
(UK)”) (our s 3(1)(_h_) of the HCAJA). Willmer J held that the words “claims
arising out of any agreement relating to the carriage of goods in a ship” in s
1(1)(_h_) were wide enough to cover claims in tort as well as in contract. As
such, the plaintiff’s claim came within s 1(1)(_h_) and (_g_) and it was
properly brought against the vessel _St Elefterio_ under s 3(4) of the same
Act (our s 4(4) of the HCAJA). The question whether the court had jurisdiction
to entertain the plaintiff’s claim _in rem_ against the _St Elefterio_ was
answered by reference to the _nature of the claim_ as put forward without
going beyond that to ask whether it was likely to succeed or not in the final
analysis. In construing the wording of s3(4)(_b_) (the equivalent of our s
4(4)(_b_)), Willmer J made clear that the existence of a good defence to a
claim would not “negate the court’s admiralty jurisdiction”. The principles
enunciated by Willmer J in his judgment (at 287-288) are reproduced here in
_extenso_ as follows:

I need hardly say that none of these contentions advanced on behalf of the
defendants was accepted as correct by the plaintiffs; but I do not propose to
go into the merits of these various contentions now, or to decide whether the
defendants are right or whether the plaintiffs are right. _It seems to me
having regard to the view I take of the construction of section 3(4) of the
Act [our s4(4) of the HCAJA], that this is not the moment to decide whether
the defendants are right or whether they are wrong in their submissions on the
points of law raised. If they are right on all or any of these various points
advanced, it may well be that in the end they will show a good defence to the
action. But that, in my judgment, furnishes no good reason for setting these
proceedings aside in limine, and thereby depriving the plaintiffs of the right
to have these issues tried_. …

_It has not been suggested that the proceedings are frivolous or vexatious, so
as to call for the exercise of the court’s inherent jurisdiction to halt such
proceedings in limine_. The defendants’ argument is founded on the proposition
that section 3 (4) of the Act of 1956 [our s4(4) of the HCAJA] introduces a
new restriction on the right to proceed _in rem_ , and that a plaintiff cannot
arrest a ship under that subsection unless he can prove – and prove at the
outset – that he has a cause of action sustainable in law. In my judgment that
proposition rests upon a misconception of the purpose and meaning of section 3
(4). As it appears to me, that subsection, so far from being a restrictive
provision, is a subsection introduced for the purpose of enlarging the
Admiralty jurisdiction of the court. As I view it, its purpose is to confer,
and to confer for the first time in England, the right to arrest either the
ship in respect of which the cause of action is alleged to have arisen or any
other ship in the same ownership. …

In my judgment the purpose of the words relied on by Mr Roskill, that is to
say, the words “the person who would be liable on the claim in an action _in
personam_ ” is to identify the person or persons whose ship or ships may be
arrested in relation to this new right (if I may so express it) of arresting a
sister ship. _The words used, it will be observed, are “the person who would
be liable” not “the person “who is liable,”_ and it seems to me, bearing in
mind the purpose of the Act, that _the natural construction of those quire
simple words is that they mean the person who would be liable on the
assumption that the actions succeeds”. …_

… [A]ny other construction of section 3(4) of the Act other than the
construction I have sought to put upon it, would as it seems to me, lead to
the most intolerable difficulties in practice. If Mr Roskill is right in
saying that a plaintiff has no right to arrest a ship at all, unless he can
show _in limine_ a cause of action sustainable in law, what is to happen in a
case (and, having regard to the argument I have listened to, this may be just
such a case) where the questions of law raised are highly debatable, and
questions on which it may be desired to take the opinion of the Court of
Appeal or even of the House of Lords? Suppose, for instance, following Mr
Roskill’s argument, that this court comes to the conclusion, on the
preliminary argument held at this stage of the action, that the action is not
one that is sustainable in law, it will presumably set aside the writ and the
warrant of arrest. It is possible (these things have been known to happen)
that a higher court might take a different view; but in the meantime the ship,
which is a foreign ship, has been freed from arrest, has gone, and may never
return to this country. It might be that in those circumstances the plaintiffs
would have lost their right for ever to entertain proceedings in rem in this
country.

The fact is, and this is the sanction against abuse, that the plaintiffs, if
their alleged cause of action turns out not to be a good one, will be held
liable for costs, and those costs will include the costs of furnishing bail in
order to secure the release of the ship. The defendants can always secure the
release of their ship by the simple expedient of furnishing bail. It is true
that if, as they say it will, the action fails, they will probably not recover
_inter partes_ the whole of the costs of furnishing the bail; but in that
respect I do now know that they are in any different position from other
defendants in other types of action. That observation applies especially in
these days of legal aid. There is many a defendant, who has been
unsuccessfully sued, and who at the end of it all finds himself in the
position that he cannot recover the whole of his costs. That is one of the
incidents of litigation which, as it seems to me, parties have to accept in
modern conditions.

[emphasis added]

56 It must be highlighted that the only application before Willmer J in _The
St Elefterio_ was the application to set aside the writ and warrant of arrest
on the basis that the court had no jurisdiction _in rem_. There was no
application to strike out the writ _in rem_ and action as disclosing no cause
of action, or that the proceedings were frivolous, vexatious or otherwise an
abuse of process. One other fact to note in _The St Elefterio_ is that the
relevant agreement in s 1(1)(_h_) of the 1956 Act (UK) had in fact been made
between the two parties to the action. In addition, and this is a significant
distinction to note, the further point on likely success is relevant, as
Willmer J recognised in his judgment, _only if_ the defendant _separately_
contends that the writ _in rem_ and action should be struck out on the ground
that it is frivolous, vexatious or otherwise an abuse of process (_ie_ ,
Situation 2 as in [54] above). The action is said to be vexatious because it
is unlikely to succeed (see [31] above). This separate process is brought
under O18 r 19 of the ROC or under the court’s inherent jurisdiction. As McKay
and Henry JJ correctly observed in _Baltic Shipping v Pegasus Lines SA_ at 650
(see [46] above):

If a claim is made unreasonably, in the sense of being without foundation, the
defendant can always move to strike out as well as challenging jurisdiction,
as was done in _The “Moschanthy_ ”.

57 In short, it is open to a defendant to apply at an early stage of the
proceedings for the writ _in rem_ and action to be struck off on the ground
that the action has no chance of success and is, therefore, vexatious. It is
at this stage of striking out application that the court is asked to assess
the sustainability of the action. It is at this stage of the striking out
application that the validity or strength of the claim will be relevant, and
the burden on the issue of non-liability lies on the defendant to show that
the case is wholly and clearly unarguable. If there is any arguable basis put
up by the plaintiff that the action could succeed then the court should not
order the striking out of the action. In _The Vasiliy Golonvin (CA)_ , the
hopelessness of the plaintiff’s claim was beyond doubt. Crédit Agricole could
not show that it had an arguable case for the breach of contract arising from
the discharge of the cargo at Lomé, and the Court of Appeal concluded that for
that “reason alone its claim ought to be struck out” (see [78] of _The Vasiliy
Golonvin (CA)_).

58 From the analysis of _The Vasiliy Golonvin (CA)_ and explanation above,
there is no substance and merit in Mr Tan’s contentions on issue (i) and issue
(iii). There was no basis or room for Mr Tan’s contention that _The Vasiliy
Golovnin (CA)_ changed the position at law enunciated in _The St Elefterio_
which was followed in _The Wigwam_ [1981-1982] SLR(R) 689 (“ _The Wigwam”_).
If _The St Elefterio_ is no longer good law in Singapore, the Court of Appeal
would have explicitly said so. _The St Elefterio_ was not even referred to by
its case name in _The Vasiliy Golovnin (CA_). In fact, the Court of Appeal in
[49] of the judgment quoted with approval _Admiralty Law and Practice_ where
the author had at pp 45-46 of the text summarised the legal principles from
_The St Elefterio_ which were followed in _The Wigwam_. _The St Elefterio_
received approval for the propositions that

So long as the claim is not frivolous as to be dismissed _in limine_ , the
plaintiff does not have to establish at the outset that he has a cause of
action substantial at law;

…

Neither would the existence of a good defence to a claim negate the court’s
admiralty jurisdiction.

59 In _The Wigwam_ , the claim there was brought under s 3(1)(_l_) and (_m_)
of the HCAJA. Following _The Elefterio_ , FA Chua J held that the plaintiff
was not required to prove at the outset that his cause of action was
substantial in law. Chua J specifically noted that there was no suggestion
that the proceedings were frivolous or vexatious. Further, the affidavits had
disclosed conflicting evidence which could only be resolved at trial. Chua J’s
decision was upheld by the Court of Appeal (see [1984] SGCA 24 at [12]).

60 The assumption under s 4(4)(_b_) of the HCAJA- that a party would be liable
on the claim in an action _in personam_ on the assumption that the action
succeeded – is the default position so long as there is no suggestion that the
claim is frivolous or vexatious or otherwise an abuse of process (_ie_ ,
Situation 1 as in [54] above). This default position is reflected in O70 r
4(7)(a) of the ROC which requires the affidavit leading the warrant of arrest
to state the name of the person who would be liable on the claim in an action
_in personam_. Willmer J in _The St Elefterio_ left open the possibility of
striking out the action if the action on the evidence is frivolous or
vexatious or otherwise an abuse of process (_ie_ , Situation 2 as in [54]
above). Choo Han Teck JC (as he then was) in _Lok Maheshwari_ [1996] SGHC 212
cited _The St Elefterio_ and _The Wigwam_ and observed as follows:

11 Insofar as the construction of the words “the person who would be liable on
the claim in an action in personam” are concerned, I am in complete agreement
with Willmer J as Chua J was in “the Wigwam”.

12 However, _the judgment of Willmer J does not invariably open a door which
cannot be shut until the matter has been ventilated in full at trial. Although
the courts will not deny access to any party who is able to formulate a cause
of action against a party identified as the person who would be liable in
personam on that cause of action (whether the party suing succeeds or not is a
matter for the trial judge)_ , _nonetheless, if it is clear that the evidence
relied upon by the Plaintiffs is obviously tenuous the courts will strike out
the action. In other words, if the action appears to the court to be frivolous
then it would not be permitted to proceed_.

…

20 To found an action in rem in this case, the Plaintiffs must show that the
person who _would be_ liable in personam is the Defendants. On the evidence
adduced by the Plaintiffs themselves I find that there is no reasonable ground
to assume that the Defendants were the contracting party whether as principal
or through an agent.

[emphasis added]

61 In that case, the plaintiffs supplied bunkers and marine fuels to the _Lok
Maheshwari_. This was done pursuant to a telefax request on 10 January 1996
stating the buyer to be “the master and/or owner and/or operator and Portserv
Limited”. On the same day, the plaintiffs received a telefax from “Portserv
Limited”, a company in Canada, stating that the vessel would arrive in
Singapore on 12 January 1996. The next day, the master of the _Lok Maheshwari_
sent a telex to the plaintiffs stating “…Understand u stemming IFO 200mt n MDO
50 mt outside Singapore Port limits as advised by Transmar Shipping…”. The
vessel was at all material times on a time charter to Halla Merchant Marine Co
Ltd of Seoul, Korea who sub-chartered the vessel to the Transmar Shipping
referred to in the master’s telex of 11 January 1996. In the circumstances,
the defendants, owners of the _Lok Maheshwari_ , refused to pay on an invoice
sent by the plaintiffs for the supply of the bunkers and marine fuels.
Subsequently, the plaintiffs sued the defendants and arrested the vessel in an
action _in rem_. The defendants then applied to strike out the writ of summons
on the grounds that the court had no jurisdiction over the claim since the
defendants were not the party liable _in personam_. The defendants’
application was allowed. Choo JC held that the plaintiffs’ claim was frivolous
as “[i]t was clear that the party whom the Plaintiffs intended to contract
with was the party who requested the bunkers, and that was undisputedly,
Transmar Shipping, the sub-charterers.” Even on the plaintiffs’ own case, the
defendants would clearly not be liable _in personam_ for the plaintiffs’
claim. There was clear affidavit evidence that the claim against the defendant
was misconceived as the defendant was not the contracting party. It was
therefore plain that the action was unsustainable and, in the circumstances,
frivolous. Choo Han Teck JC at [18] of the judgment said:

The court need not make any finding whether any particular party had lied as
that is a matter for trial, but the basic foundation must be laid, and this
the Plaintiffs have failed to do and up to the date of the hearing before me
this was not done.

62 Similarly, in _The Rolita_ (1988 WL 1057731), an unreported decision of the
Hong Kong High Court No AJ 105 of 1988, 22 August 1988, Cruden J (at 6)
observed:

Where a plaintiff has an unsupportable case and would be unable to establish
its claim at trial, I recognise that it would be unjust to allow it to exploit
at an interlocutory stage the legal assumption that its allegations of fact
are true. In that hopefully uncommon situation at defendant’s safeguard is to
bring a summons under Order 18 Rule 19 R.S.C. and have the claim struck out.
Unless and until a claim is struck out as vexatious or otherwise, the legal
assumption that the plaintiff’s allegations are true prevails.

… _The Moschanthy_ (1971) 1 Lloyd’s Rep 43 is an example of where a
defendant’s application to set aside was supported by an application for a
stay on the ground that the proceedings were vexatious. In the present action
there is no application for striking out or for stay on the grounds that the
claim is vexatious or otherwise. If that issue were before the Court, the
plaintiff’s stance was that the affirmations, telexes and other documents
showed that the claim was far from being frivolous or vexatious.

63 Cruden J’s decision was upheld on appeal (see [1989] 1 HKLR 394). The
appellate court reaffirmed _The St Elefterio_ approach as it covers

the agreement (as in our s 3(1)(_h_) of HCAJA) as well as the breach, the
establishment of the cause of action and damages.

64 As I mentioned earlier, _The St Elefterio_ is a case where the relevant
agreement had in fact been made between the two parties to the action. In
other words, there was no dispute on the proper defendant in an _in personam_
action and there was no question that the plaintiff should have sued someone
else _in personam_ in respect of the claim arising under the bills of lading.
There have been cases where the writ _in rem_ is sought to be set aside under
O 12 r 7 on the ground that the claim did not fall within s 4(4) because the
plaintiff should have sued someone else _in personam_. In other words, there
was _no subsisting_ claim _in personam_ against the person who was at that
time the owner of the vessel, and there was no jurisdiction _in rem_ because
the basis of an action _in rem_ arose from the personal liability of the owner
of the vessel. The common argument in the decisions of _The Thorlina_
[1985-1986] SLR(R) 258, _The Lok Mashewari_ , _The AA V_ [1999] 3 SLR(R) 664
(“ _The AA V_ ”) and _The Rainbow Spring_ [2003] 2 SLR(R) 117 (“ _The Rainbow
Spring (HC)_ ”) and _The Rainbow Spring (CA_) reported in [2003] 3 SLR(R) 362
was that the plaintiff should have sued someone else _in personam_ , and there
was clear evidence of the absence of a subsisting claim against the defendant
shipowner at the time the writ _in rem_ was filed. There was want of
jurisdiction _in rem_. The substance of the underlying claim was factually
inseparable from the basis of jurisdiction. The jurisdictional fact in dispute
could on the evidence be summarily disposed of. In _The Vasiliy Golovnin(CA)_
, the relevant agreement under s 3(1)(_h_) of the HCAJA was between the
parties to the action, namely Crédit Agricole and FESCO. At the risk of
repetition, FESCO, at the challenge stage, separately argued that the bank’s
claim was without foundation; it was hopeless and was bound to fail. FESCO had
applied to strike out the writ _in rem_ and action under O 18 r 19 or under
the inherent jurisdiction of the court, an avenue recognised in the _St
Elefterio_.

Non-disclosure of material facts

The law

65 It is not in dispute that non-disclosure of material facts is an
independent ground upon which the court will, as a general rule, set aside any
order made in favour of an applicant in interlocutory proceedings. The duty to
disclose is to inform the court of any facts which the plaintiff knows which
might tell in the defendant’s favour (_per_ Warner J in _Re A Debtor (No 75 of
1982), ex p The Debtor v National Westminster Bank_ [1983] 3 All ER 545 at
551). There is no doubt that the duty to disclose applies to an _in rem_
plaintiff applying _ex parte_ for a warrant of arrest under O 70 r 4 of the
ROC.

66 In the present case, Capital Gate, the intervener, only applied to set
aside the warrant of arrest for material non-disclosure. Although no
application was made under O 12 r 7 or O 18 r 19 on the ground that the claim
did not fall within s 4(4) of the HCAJA, suggesting that there was
jurisdiction to sue _in rem_ and that the procedural requirements in O 70 r 4
were met, the avenue of non-disclosure as an independent ground to discharge
the warrant of arrest was available to Capital Gate. In short, it is possible
to apply to set aside the warrant of arrest because either there was a lack of
_in personam_ liability or there was non-disclosure of material facts (see
_The Rainbow Spring (CA)_ at [35] – [37]). In _The Harima_ [1987] 2 HKC 118 (“
_The Harima_ ”), the defendant there (not unlike Capital Gate) did not apply
under O 12 r 8 of the Rules of the Supreme Court (HK) to set aside the writ
_in rem_ or strike out the action under O 18 r 19 on the ground that the claim
did not fall within s 21 of the Supreme Court Act in the (UK) (the equivalent
of our s 4(4) of the HCAJA). The setting aside was only on the ground of non-
disclosure of material facts. Hunter J in _The Harima_ advocated that the
proper course was for the defendant to apply to strike out the action, rather
than to rely on non-disclosure which was a backdoor route. As Hunter J
reminded, there was no application before him to strike out and that even if
there was an application to strike out, he would not have acceded to it.
Although there were difficulties in the plaintiff’s case with a back-dated
bill of lading and allegations of illegality arising from the back-dating,
Hunter J did not think it was possible to say that there was no arguable case
so as to warrant a striking out. On the issue of setting aside of the warrant
of arrest on the basis of non-disclosure, Hunter J said (at 405):

But in my judgment, such power [to arrest] is not being abused or misused if a
plaintiff is bringing an action which prima facie falls within the subsection
but may hereafter fail, so long as the action itself cannot be said to be an
abuse of process or vexatious or demurrable. Further that is a separate
process. If it is being asserted that the claim is demurrable, that must be
asserted properly and openly by the defendant on the appropriate application
[_ie_ at the challenge stage], and you do not reach the same result by the
indirect or backdoor route of a process of non-disclosure. In other words, in
my judgment at least, although the same principle about disclosure on ex parte
applications plainly applies to this process as to any other, the material
facts which have to be considered at the time on an application under O 75 are
very different, for example, to the material facts which would be considered
on an application for something like a Mareva injunction, where the whole
relief largely turns upon the apparent validity of the plaintiff’s claim. In
these circumstances, in my judgment, the defendant’s application fails.

67 Nonetheless, the Hong Kong Court of Appeal recognised that non-disclosure
could be an independent ground for discharging the warrant of arrest, but on
the facts of that case, the appellate court upheld Hunter J’s decision that
the legality of the bill of lading was not directly relevant to the issue of
the warrant of arrest, and as such the plaintiff was not obliged to depose to
the merits of its claim when it applied for the warrant following the legal
principles enunciated in _The St Elefterio_ and _The Moschanthy_.

68 It is settled law in Singapore that (a) non-disclosure of material facts is
an independent ground for setting aside an arrest, and (b) the court retains
an overriding discretion whether or not to set aside or discharge the arrest
for non-disclosure. Judith Prakash J in _The Rainbow Spring (CA)_ referred to
_The AA V_ and _The J Faster_ [2000] 1 HKC 652 as decisions where the courts
in Singapore and Hong Kong have acknowledged that an arrest can be set aside
because either there was a lack of _in personam_ liability or there was non-
disclosure of material facts.

69 Rajah JA reaffirmed Prakash J’s dicta in _The Rainbow Spring (CA)_(at [37])
that the duty to make full and frank disclosure to the court was an important
bulwark against the abuse of the arrest process and went on to quote the rest
of [37] which stated:

… The courts must retain the discretion to set aside an arrest for non-
disclosure if the facts warrant it notwithstanding that otherwise they would
have jurisdiction over the matter and that the procedure in the Rules had been
followed

Materiality of “plausible defences”: Meaning and scope

70 I now come to Mr Tan’s issue (ii) as set out in [30] above. It is not
controversial that material facts that have to be disclosed are determined by
what is “material” to the grant or refusal of the _ex parte_ application for
the issue of the warrant. Rajah JA in _The Vasiliy Golovnin (CA)_ reiterated
that facts are material if they have a “bearing on the decision-making process
or outcome of the original application” to issue a warrant of arrest (at [88])
and the scope of disclosure is based on what is “reasonable in the given
circumstances at the time of the arrest” (at [90]). Elaborating, Rajah JA at
[87] said:

The test for materiality is always an objective one. In the words of Prakash J
in _The Rainbow Spring_ , the test is to simply ask “how _relevant_ the fact
is” [emphasis added] (at [33]). However, the duty imposed on the applicant
requires him to ask what might be relevant to the court in its assessment of
whether or not the remedy should be granted, and not what the applicant alone
might think is relevant. This inevitably embraces matters, both factual and
legal, which may be prejudicial or disadvantageous to the successful outcome
of the applicant’s application. _It extends to all material facts that could
be reasonably ascertained and defences that might be reasonably raised by the
defendant_. _It is important to stress, however, that the duty extends only to
plausible, and not all conceivable or theoretical, defences_. For example, if
there have been unsuccessful prior proceedings, the context as well as the
reasons for the dismissal must be adequately disclosed. In short, the material
facts are those which are material to enable the judge to make an informed
decision (see _Brink’s Mat Ltd v Elcombe_ [1988] 1 WLR 1350 _per_ Ralph Gibson
LJ at 1356).

[emphasis added]

71 In his review of _The Vasiliy Golovnin (CA)_ in the Singapore Academy of
Law Annual Review, (2008) 9 SAL Ann Rev 54, Toh Kian Sing SC (at 2.13)
observed that the decision appears to have extended the duty to disclose to
“defences that might be reasonably raised by the defendant” in an application
for the arrest of a vessel under O 70 r 4 of the ROC. This part of my decision
examines whether or not _The Vasiliy Golovnin (CA)_ indeed enlarged the duty
to disclose to include plausible defences to the plaintiff’s claim. I
interpose to mention that central to the intervener’s argument in RA 178 was
cl 90 of the May sub-charter, which Mr Tan, for the intervener, said gave the
defendant a complete defence to the plaintiff’s claim for the grounding
damage. Mr Tan’s view of the matter invariably raised the question of the
merits of the claim for the grounding damage. His argument rested on the
statement in [87] of _The Vasiliy Golovnin (CA)_ that the duty of disclosure
extended to “plausible, and not all conceivable or theoretical defences”. That
dictum, Mr Tan argued, imposed a duty on the _in rem_ plaintiff to inform the
court of plausible defences to the claim which the defendant would seek to
raise at the trial, and a failure to make full and frank disclosure of the
plausible defences was sufficient ground to discharge or set aside the warrant
of arrest. Putting Mr Tan’s argument in perspective, the real issue before me
was whether or not the merits of the claim could be called into question in
the context of an application for a warrant of arrest so much so that a
failure to refer to cl 90, an argument which the defendant may seek to raise
in answer to the plaintiff’s claim at the trial, should be characterised _as a
failure to make full and frank disclosure_.

72 In my view, the expression “plausible defences” has to be understood in the
light of the realities of the situation in _The Vasiliy Golovnin (CA)_. The
claim was held to be “really implausible” and unsustainable; the point that
the cause of action was frivolous and vexatious could easily be taken and
determined summarily based on plainly cogent affidavit evidence. In a way, the
expression “plausible defence” is being used loosely; the meaning of
“plausible defences” may be culled from the context and surrounding
circumstances. First, _The Vasiliy Golovnin (CA)_ was a case falling under
Situation 2 where the merits of the claim including the defences to the claim
were examined. Second, from a broader perspective, “plausible defences” are
matters referable to objections (factual and/or legal) to the claim being
brought in the first place, or to the arrest being mounted at all. They are
material facts which, objectively speaking, are of such weight that their
omission, at the application stage, is tantamount to or constitutes an abuse
of process. Such an abuse of process is strictly not a _defence_ to the claim;
it is an objection to the claim or arrest being brought at all. In the context
of the duty to make full and frank disclosure, a failure to disclose material
facts that constituted the abuse, would be a ground for discharging or setting
aside the warrant of arrest for material non-disclosure.

73 I now come to the reasons for holding the view that in the context of an
application for a warrant of arrest, the duty to disclose “plausible defences”
is _not_ generally directed at defences to the claim that may be raised at the
trial in answer to the plaintiff’s claim but in a broader perspective to
matters that constitute an abuse of the arrest process (see [72] and [74]). In
a case falling under Situation 2, there will be matters (factual and/or legal)
of such weight as to deliver the “knock out blow” to the claim summarily,
_and_ , on any reasonable view, their omission, at the application stage, is
tantamount to or constitutes an abuse of process. These matters are likely to
be, or at the very least, overlap with defences that deliver the “knock out
blow” to the claim summarily, _and_ it is their omission that is likely to or
may mislead the court in the exercise of its discretionary powers of arrest.

74 At the application stage, one must be mindful of the distinction between
questions of jurisdiction and questions of merits of the claim (see _The
Jarguh Sawit_ and _The St Elefterio_). If the expression “plausible defence”
is referable to a plausible defence _to the claim_ , it will invariably raise
the question of the merits of the claim, and the question that arose in RA 178
was this: are the merits of the claim (not jurisdiction _in rem_) _now_
relevant in the context of an application for a warrant of arrest under O 70 r
4 of ROC even under Situation 1 as in [54] above because of _The Vasiliy
Golovnin (CA)_? Or is the requisite disclosure of material facts, at the
application stage, still confined primarily to considerations of jurisdiction
and not to merits so that the failure to refer to defences to the claim (which
the defendant may seek to raise in answer to the plaintiff’s claim at the
trial) should _not_ generally be characterised as a failure to make a full and
frank disclosure? The answer is that there is _no_ change to what has
previously been established by case law. _The concerns of the court at the
application stage are firstly, with considerations of jurisdiction in rem (and
generally not the merits of the claim) and secondly, disclosure of material
facts which are germane to considerations of jurisdiction in rem and
overlaying that is the absence of facts and circumstances suggesting an abuse
of the arrest process_. Notably, _The Vasiliy Golovnin (CA)_ applied existing
legal principles to the facts of the case which brought into sharp focus the
interplay between the court’s twin concerns at the application stage for a
warrant of arrest (as to what the twin concerns are see also [81]-[82] below)
and the duty to make full and frank disclosure. For purposes of the present
discussion, at the application stage, the distinction between questions of
jurisdiction and questions of the merits of the plaintiff’s claim must be
appreciated. The jurisdiction _in rem_ principles allow the _in rem_ plaintiff
to arrest the defendant’s vessel to obtain security based on the plaintiff’s
_best arguable case_ (see _The Moschanthy_ at [47] above), rather than with
the question “who is likely to win”. The line of authorities show that at the
application stage, an _in rem_ plaintiff is required to show that the claim
falls within one of the heads of claim listed in s 3(1) rather than the
strength of the claim _and_ that there is _no_ onus on the in _rem_ plaintiff
to go further at that early stage to show that the claim is likely to succeed
_so long as it cannot be said that the action is an abuse of process or that
it is so obviously frivolous and vexatious as to be open to summary
dismissal_. What this means and amounts to is that in typically Situation 1
cases, the _in rem_ plaintiff is _generally_ not required to go to the merits
of the claim at the application stage. Undoubtedly, there may be many points
which would be relevant to the ultimate merits of an action, but which could
not on any reasonable view affect the court in deciding whether to grant the
application for a warrant of arrest. Thus, defences to the claim such as
exclusion clauses and Hague Visby Rules defences go to the merits of the
claim, not to jurisdiction, and they need not be disclosed as they are not
material to the grant or refusal of the _ex parte_ application.

75 Rajah JA approved in [49] of _The Vasiliy Golovnin (CA)_ the various legal
propositions summarised in _Admiralty Law and Practice_ at pp 45-46 and that
included endorsing the proposition in _The St Elefterio_ that at the
interlocutory stage _save for frivolous claims_ , the _in rem_ plaintiff need
not establish at the outset that he has a cause of action sustainable in law,
and neither the existence of a good defence to a claim would negate the
court’s admiralty jurisdiction. Enlarging the duty to disclose plausible
defences would effectively let in an aspect of considering the merits of the
claim by the backdoor after agreeing with the aforementioned principles in
_The St Elefterio_ and that could not have been intended by Rajah JA. In my
view, the non-disclosure of defences that the defendant could raise at the
trial in answer to the plaintiff’s claim (as that pertains to the ultimate
merits of the action and the question of who is likely to win), are
_generally_ not characterised as a failure to give full and frank disclosure
_unless_ (and this is the qualification (_ie_ Situation 2) mentioned in _The
St Elefterio_ (see [56] above)) they _are matters that show up the claim as an
abuse of process, or one that it is so obviously frivolous and vexatious as to
be open to summary dismissal and, on any reasonable view, their omission, at
the application stage, is tantamount to or constitutes an abuse of process_.
From a broader perspective, failure to disclose matters showing that the claim
or arrest should not have been brought at all, are material facts that
constitute the abuse of process. Simply put, _they constitute matters of such
weight that their omission is likely to or may mislead the court in the
exercise of its discretionary power of arrest_ (see [72] above).

76 A strong and direct pointer in support of the view subscribed comes from
the specific example given in [87] of _The Vasiliy Golovnin (CA)_. Immediately
following the sentence stating that the duty to disclose extends to only
“plausible, and not all conceivable or theoretical, defences”, Rajah JA
followed up with an example of plausible defences that would constitute
material facts that have to be disclosed since they would have a “bearing on
the decision-making process or outcome of the original application” to issue a
warrant of arrest (at [88]) and are also “reasonable in the given
circumstances at the time of the arrest” (at [90]). Rajah JA’s illustration
found at [87] is as follows:

… if there have been unsuccessful prior proceedings, the context as well as
the reasons for the dismissal must be adequately disclosed.

77 Putting that example into a legal framework, it is of a party seeking to
arrest a vessel or sister ship in respect of the same claim in one
jurisdiction after another, and it might well be an abuse of the arrest
process to permit a second arrest. Rajah JA’s example is drawn from the
factual circumstances leading to the arrest and subsequent release of the
_Chelyabinsk_ by the Lomé court, and more pointedly, their relevance to the
question of whether the sister ship arrest in Singapore in respect of the same
claim could in any way be regarded as an abuse of the arrest process and hence
oppressive. In that case, the second arrest, including the issue as to whether
the bringing of the action based on the same claim as in the Lomé proceedings,
was an abuse. It is not always the case that the mere fact that a plaintiff
has arrested a vessel which has previously been released by order of a court
of competent jurisdiction will amount to an abuse of the arrest process (see
for example, _The Blue Fruit_ [1979-1980] SLR(R) 238). A lot depends on the
circumstances, and that is what the court will want to know at the application
stage. It is for the arresting party to explain fully the propriety of the
second arrest, and show that the second arrest is not an abuse of the arrest
process. In short, the court will want to know whether it is oppressive and
vexatious to re-arrest. Obviously, if the application to arrest is proper, an
abuse of process argument cannot be founded on the basis that the consequences
of the proper application may produce an oppressive result. The non-
disclosures in _The Vasiliy Golovnin (CA)_ , in a nutshell, were with the
question of vexatiousness arising from the Lomé proceedings, and the arrest
was an abuse of process and unjustly oppressive. The present case is very
different (see [86] to [116] below).

78 In the context of the facts of _The Vasiliy Golovnin (CA)_ , the problems
in the background for the banks in the arrest application, and of which AR Lee
was unaware of, were the Lomé court’s (a) finding that sufficient security had
been provided for the loss and damage to cargo claims; and (b) finding in
FESCO’s favour on the very same claims that were being pursued in Singapore
against a sister ship. The clear stipulation in the relevant bills naming Lomé
as the port of discharge, and the objective behind the proposal to switch
bills was to change the port of discharge, but no switch materialised in the
end. Certainly, they were matters that showed the breach of contract claim to
be without foundation. All those facts were found by the Court of Appeal to be
material facts and circumstances that ought to be disclosed as they made it
difficult for the banks to apply to court for a warrant of arrest on the
reasonable basis that there was valid breach of the contracts of carriage
contained in the relevant bills. The banks were aware of all those facts, but
went before the court in effect on the basis that there was no issue or
problem as to the banks’ rights to claim in contract. The Court of Appeal held
that this basis was not in fact the case, and it was something that was either
known or ought to have been appreciated. The failure of disclosure could not
be regarded as proceeding from a mere oversight or from a pardonable mistake
as a result of haste. In the light of the decision of the Lomé court, it would
be an abuse of the arrest process for the banks to arrest again by re-running
the same claim for breach of contract which had already been determined in
FESCO’s favour at the _inter partes_ hearing in Lomé.

79 Quite clearly, the arrest of the _Vasiliy Golovnin_ in Singapore was based
on obviously frivolous and vexatious claims (“really implausible claims”)
having regard to the fact that the Lomé court ordered the release of the
_Chelyabinsk_ after an _inter partes_ hearing that found, _inter alia_ , that
the discharge of the cargo at Lomé was pursuant to the contract of carriage
that named the port of discharge as Lomé. The first arrest of the
_Chelyabinsk_ in Lomé and the decision of the Lomé court would have a
“material bearing on the decision making process or the outcome of the
original application” (see [88] of _The Vasiliy Golovnin_). Not only were the
prior Lomé proceedings and outcome considered as material facts, the objective
for the proposed switch of the bills of lading was also important. On the
prior proceedings, Rajah JA observed (at [99]):

The fact that the Lomé court had already considered and dismissed the Banks’
arguments as to whether the chartered vessel could be arrested by the Banks at
Lomé was, certainly, a material fact to be taken into account by AR Lee in
considering whether or not a warrant of arrest of the _Vasiliy Golovnin_
should be issued here in Singapore. He would have in all likelihood have
pursued this line of enquiry further.

80 Again at [100], Rajah JA made the same point:

If the Banks had been frank in their disclosure to the court about the
existence of the prior _inter partes_ hearing (and its outcome), the court may
“well have required further clarification on the situation before deciding to
issue the warrant” (per Judith Prakash J in _The AA V_ (at [47]). This would
certainly have allowed AR Lee to make a more informed decision.

81 It must always be remembered that the court’s twin concerns at the
application stage, are with (a) questions of jurisdiction _in rem_ (as
explained in [74] above), and (b) that its power of arrest is not being abused
or misused (and this is where the duty to make full and frank disclosure is
germane). The twin concerns are noted by Hunter J in _The Harima_ [1987] 1 HKC
397 at 405 in the following manner:

It seems to me that on an application for a warrant under O 75 r 5 [our O 70 r
4] the court’s first concern is to see whether the facts alleged prima facie
bring the plaintiff within one or other of the relevant subsections in s 20(2)
[our s 3(1) of HCAJA]. That is the main purpose of the filtering process
established by r 5. It also concerned at that stage, with the absence of any
other facts which might show that the power is being abused or misused.

82 Likewise, the Hong Kong Court of Appeal in _The Harima_ quoted with
approval Clough J in _The Cynthia G_ (1985, unreported) on the twin concerns
of the court at the application stage:

Whilst it is not for the plaintiff to prove his case when he applies for the
issue of a warrant of arrest in an action in rem but only to comply with O 75
r 5(4), it seems to me that _it is the duty of the registrar when presented
with an affidavit of the plaintiff’s solicitor acting on his client’s
instructions and expressing grounds of belief required under O 75 r 5(8), to
inquire into any matter coming to the registrars notice that gives rise to
doubts as to whether the grounds for belief expressed are genuinely those of
both the plaintiff and of the solicitor acting for him. Otherwise the way
would be open for abuse_.

[emphasis added]

83 The duty to make full and frank disclosure at the application stage is, as
Prakash J reminded in _The Rainbow Spring (CA)_ , the bulwark against abuse of
the arrest process. _The Cynthia G_ aptly illustrates this principle of abuse
of the arrest process. In _The Cynthia G_ , the plaintiff there arrested the
vessel for unpaid bunkers and lubricating oil that were on board and sold
together with the _Cynthia G_. After the sale, ownership of the _Cynthia G_
was registered in Huofung Maritime & Enterprises (Panama) Incorporated
(“Huofung”). For purposes of the arrest, evidence was adduced that the
_Cynthia G_ was beneficially owned by Huofung. One week later, the plaintiff
applied for a second warrant of the _Cynthia G_ to recover unpaid bunker and
lubricating oil that were on board and sold together with the _Marcia_. The
registered owner of the _Marcia_ was Ocean Venture Shipping Co SA (“Ocean
Venture”). It was therefore necessary for the plaintiff to adduce evidence
that the _Cynthia G_ and _Marcia_ were sister ships. The _Marcia_ was not
nominally owned by Huofung. The plaintiff in the second arrest alleged that
Huofung and Ocean Venture were nominees of a third party, and this third party
was the true beneficial owner. On the application for the second arrest of the
_Cynthia G_ , the plaintiff did not disclose that it had a week earlier put
before the court evidence that Huofung was the beneficial owner. The
inconsistent allegations were found to be material facts and the failure to
disclose the inconsistent allegations was tantamount to an abuse of the arrest
process. Had the Registrar hearing the application been told of the previous
inconsistent allegation on ownership, he might not have been satisfied that
jurisdiction _in rem_ had been established. The non-disclosure was significant
as it related to a matter on which the jurisdiction to bring the action _in
rem_ was based.

84 To summarise, in the light of the low threshold of the merits enquiry (_ie_
, typically Situation 1 as in [54] above), the omission to refer to defences
on the merits which the defendant may seek to raise in opposition of the
plaintiff’s claim would _not_ generally be characterised as a failure to make
full and frank disclosure. This is the position so long as it cannot be said
that the action is an abuse of process, or that it is obviously frivolous and
vexatious so as to be open to summary dismissal. Once this tipping point
exists (as was the case in _The Vasiliy Golovnin (CA)_), there will be matters
(factual and/or legal) which are of such weight as to deliver the “knock out
blow” to the claim summarily, and their omission is likely to or may mislead
the court in the exercise of its discretionary powers of arrest, then these
matters are material facts that will have to be disclosed (_ie_ , Situation 2
as in [54] above). Equally, a failure to disclose facts which constituted the
abuse of the arrest process would be ground for discharging or setting aside
the warrant, whether under Situations 1 or 2 (see [72], [74] and [75] and
instances of abuse of the arrest process at [77] and [83] above). It is for
the arresting party to bring out the material facts to the court’s attention
and show that what is being done by an application for a warrant of arrest
does not constitute abuse of the arrest process. This duty to make full and
frank disclosure stems from the application of the principle that if the
plaintiff knew or ought to have known of matters which might reasonably caused
the court to inquire or have doubts as to whether or not to issue the warrant
of arrest these matters are material and should be disclosed; otherwise “the
way would be open for abuse” of the court’s power of arrest (see [82] above).

85 Paragraph [88] of _The Vasiliy Golovnin (CA)_ warns against the “meticulous
dissection of the factual matrix to ‘invent’ missing material facts”. Each
case is fact-sensitive in terms of material facts advanced for consideration
by the court. As Rajah JA observed, applying common sense, the scope of
disclosure is based on “what is reasonable in the given circumstances at the
time of the arrest” (at [90]) The Court of Appeal found the material non-
disclosures there “indefensible” (at [107]), and rightly so, since on the
facts the tipping point was reached and there was _equally_ a clear failure to
disclose facts which constituted the abuse and was thus, ground for setting
aside the warrant of arrest.

RA 178 of 2009: discussions and decision

86 As stated earlier, Capital Gate applied to set aside the warrant of arrest
only on the ground of non-disclosure of material facts. Before I deal with the
non-disclosure argument in detail, I propose, for completeness, to comment on
Mr Tan’s assertion on the need to show a good arguable case on the merits.

No arguable case on the merits

87 Mr Tan argued that _The Vasiliy Golovnin(CA)_ required the plaintiff to
show a good arguable case on the merits at the application stage, and at the
challenge stage (hereafter referred to collectively as “the interlocutory
stage”). The plaintiff’s claim was allegedly premature, and as such the
plaintiff had no “good arguable case” on the substantive merits of its claim.
Mr Tan pointed out that, at the time of the arrest, the head owner had not
commenced legal proceedings or arbitration against the plaintiff nor demanded
security. In fact, it was the plaintiff who forced the issue by commencing
arbitration against the head owner. Furthermore, Mr Tan also argued that the
plaintiff had no “good arguable case” because, by virtue of cl 90 read with cl
102 of the May sub-charter, the defendant was exonerated from liability as
such grounding damage would fall to be covered under the vessel’s customary
policies, particularly its hull and machinery policy.

88 On the other hand, Ms Ang denied that the plaintiff was under any duty to
show that it had a “good arguable case” on the substantive merits of the case
at the interlocutory stage. This was because the intervener was not
challenging the plaintiff’s claim on jurisdictional grounds in that the claim
fell under s 3(1)(_h_) of the HCAJA. There was also no application to strike
out the writ _in rem_ and action under O 18 r 19. Ms Ang averred that the
plaintiff’s claim against the EP Carriers was not dependent on the plaintiff
being found liable to the head owner in the arbitration between the latter and
the plaintiff. The presence of cl 90 in the May sub-charter of itself did not
prevent the plaintiff from having a “good arguable case”. It was pointed out
that the effectiveness of cl 90 as a defence could not be resolved at the
interlocutory stage as there were issues to be determined before the effect of
cl 90 is known. In any case, in the present action, there was an arbitration
agreement between the plaintiff and the defendant which the plaintiff intended
to rely on. Therefore, this court was urged to take care not to trespass into
the merits of the claim, an issue intended for the arbitration tribunal to
determine. I pause here to mention that it was not necessary to deal with the
arbitration point in the light of my analysis of _The Vasiliy Golovnin(CA)_.

89 For the reasons stated in [39] to [48], there was no substance in Mr Tan’s
assertions. As explained above, his understanding of what _The Vasiliy
Golovnin (CA)_ stood for was incorrect. To summarise, first, the
jurisdictional challenge in _The Vasiliy Golovnin(CA)_ was based on s 3(1) of
the HCAJA, and any reference to a “good arguable case” yardstick must be
understood in that context. Apart from that, Mr Tan accepted in the course of
arguments, and rightly so, that s 3(1)(_h_) of the HCAJA was not in issue in
the present case. Second, and more generally, the Court of Appeal did not
change the law on s 4(4)(_b_) of the HCAJA which has its equivalent in
jurisdictions like England and Hong Kong. As stated previously, _The Vasiliy
Golovnin (CA)_ was concerned with Situation 2. The bank’s claim was so
obviously frivolous and vexatious, and it was struck out for that reason alone
under O 18 r 19 or under the inherent jurisdiction of the court. In contrast,
the present case is a Situation 1 case. There was no question that, in the
present case, the statutory requirements under s 3(1)(_h_) and s 4(4)(_b_) of
the HCAJA were satisfied.

90 Turning to the related argument that the plaintiff’s claim was premature, I
agreed with Ms Ang that Mr Tan’s contention was untenable. Firstly, although
Mr Tan argued that the plaintiff’s claim for an indemnity was premature, it is
telling that Capital Gate did not separately apply to strike out the writ _in
rem_ and action under O 18 r 19 or under the inherent jurisdiction of the
court on the ground that there was _no subsisting_ cause of action.
Inferentially, the intervener accepted that there was a _prima facie_ cause of
action as it was not suggesting that the action was frivolous or vexatious or
otherwise an abuse of process. Secondly, the cause of action was not inchoate
at the time the writ _in rem_ was issued. Once there is a _prima facie_ breach
of the May sub-charter, the plaintiff has a cause of action against the
defendant. Thirdly, although the May sub-charter was back to back with the
head charter, the plaintiff’s claim for an indemnity was founded on breach of
the May sub-charter.

91 Turning to the facts before me, the defendant had contracted with the
plaintiff and was required to observe cl 6 of the May sub-charter on safe
port/berth which read as follows:

That the cargo or cargoes be laden and/or discharged in any dock or at any
wharf or place or anchorage that Charterers [the defendant] or their Agents
may direct, provided the vessel can safely lie always afloat at any time of
tide.

Besides cl 6, the employment clause in the May sub-charter (cl 8) obliges the
master to follow the instructions and orders of the charterer.

92 The plaintiff’s case is that the defendant was in breach of the May sub-
charter in that the _TS Bangkok_ was damaged because the defendant had chosen
an unsafe port/berth. Repairs were carried out by the head owner in Hong Kong.
According to The Swedish Club, the head owner had notified EP Carriers of the
repairs made to _TS Bangkok_ and that surveyors on behalf of EP Carriers had
duly attended the damage surveys carried out in connection with the repairs.
In short, the grounding damage was notified to the defendant and its liability
insurers. The head owner back then in 2008, gave notice of its repair claim
amounting to US$ 481,572.19. Since then, the head owner has indicated an
additional claim for loss of hire in its defence and counterclaim filed in
arbitration on 18 May 2009. In any back to back charters, the head
charterer/disponent owner in the position of the plaintiff is “sandwiched”
between the head owner and the sub-charterer. It is not uncommon that the head
charterer/disponent owner, out of pragmatism, suggests to the sub-charterer to
take over from the head charterer/disponent owner the conduct of answering the
head owner’s claim. It was no different here but the plaintiff‘s practical
requests was not taken up as was the prerogative of the sub-charterer.
Obviously, each charter is a separate contract with different contracting
parties, and it is for the plaintiff to prove at the trial that the _TS
Bangkok_ was damaged because the defendant breached the safe port/berth
clause, and liability would lie solely with the defendant. So far as the cause
of action is concerned, the plaintiff has shown a _prima facie_ case of breach
of the May sub-charter. The plaintiff’s claim for damages is for breach of cl
6 and the further claim for indemnity is for consequential loss arising from
the breach. In short, the relief sought is founded on a _prima facie_ breach
of cl 6 of the May sub-charter arising from the orders given under cl 8 of the
May sub-charter and damage was sustained as a consequence of complying with
the defendant’s orders as charterer. The indemnity claim here is
distinguishable from _The Caroline P_ [1985] 1WLR 553, which has to do with
the nature of the indemnity to be implied when an owner’s agent was required
under the terms of the charterparty to sign bills of lading as presented. I
agree with the sentiments expressed by Mr Geoffrey Brice QC sitting as Deputy
Judge in _The Catherine Helen_ [1998] 2 Lloyd’s Rep 511 that it would be a
commercially strange result that the head charterer/disponent owner has to
wait until the head owner’s claim is ascertained before the head
charterer/disponent owner’s right to claim indemnity from the sub-charter can
arise. After all back to back charters are not uncommon commercial
transactions and the passing on to the sub-charterer of the head owner’s
potential claims against the head charterer/disponent owner are events that do
occur and are within the reasonable contemplation of the parties. In the
present case, at the time the writ _in rem_ was filed, there had been clear
intimation from The Swedish Club of the head owner’s claim based on what it
knew and anticipated. More importantly, the cause of action for breach of the
May sub-charter had come into existence at the time the writ _in rem_ was
filed.

93 I now come to the other related argument which is whether the defendant
would be liable in an action _in personam_ as the defendant had a good defence
to the plaintiff’s claim in law because of cl 90 read with cl 102 of the May
sub-charter. Mr Tan’s argument was premised on cl 90 being an exclusion clause
that effectively exonerates the defendant from liability for grounding damage
and consequential losses. Ms Ang denied that cl 90 is a total exclusion
clause. She disagreed with Mr Tan that on a construction of cl 90 read with cl
102 of the May sub-charter, the meaning of “customary policies of insurance”
is ambiguous. She submitted that it is unclear from the May sub-charter who
determines what is “customary” and whose custom is being referred to. It is
also unclear who the customary policy is to be taken out by and who it is to
benefit. The nature and extent of the indemnity cover under the customary
policy is unclear, and in particular, whether it covers damage and
consequential loss like loss of hire, and expenses. There was also no express
link between cl 102 (which requires the owners to insure the vessel and
against specified risks) and cl 90 which refers to “customary polices of
insurance.” If cl 90 and cl 102 are intended to be linked, it could have been
easily provided for in the terms of the May sub-charter. In discussions
hereafter, I have proceeded on the assumption (without deciding the point)
that cl 90 is to be read with cl 102 as argued by Mr Tan and taking his case
at the highest.

94 So far as cl 90 is concerned, the clause does not purport to transfer the
sole risk of all loss or damage to the vessel to the plaintiff. It is not
entirely clear based on the wording of cl 90 what risks have been passed to
the owners and what risks to the charterer. The position here is to be
contrasted with _Norwich City Council v Harvey_ [1989] 1 WLR 219 where it was
clear that the first part of the clause in question transferred the entire
risk of damage by fire and other stipulated listed risks to the building to
the owners.

95 As stated, I agreed with Ms Ang that cl 90 is ambiguous. Furthermore,
having regard to the wording of cl 102 which imposed on the owner the
obligation to insure, it is clear that a mere obligation to insure does not
render and make the clause an exclusion clause (see _Wisma Development v Sing-
The Disc Shop Pte Ltd_ [1994] 1 SLR(R) 749).

96 Even if, for the sake of argument, cl 90 is an exclusion clause, the
defendant has to show that it is an effective exclusion clause in that the
grounding was fortuitous, and the incident was an insured peril within the
meaning and scope of “customary policies of insurance”. These are matters to
be resolved at trial.

97 In the light of the low threshold of the merits enquiry, the merits of the
claim in the present case were not called into question, there being no
question of want of jurisdiction _in rem_ nor suggestion that the claim was
frivolous, vexatious or otherwise an abuse of the court. As such, Mr Tan’s
contention that the plaintiff needed to establish its case beyond the low
threshold must fail. In the present case, the person who “would be liable” on
_The St Elefterio in personam_ test was clearly the defendant. Mr Tan’s
submission that the warrant of arrest be set aside on the ground that the
plaintiff had failed to establish a good arguable case on the merits of its
case, at the application and challenge stage, was plainly without basis and
was untenable.

Non-disclosure

98 I now turn to the arguments on non-disclosure of material facts. I will
deal with the facts alleged to be material and not disclosed in turn. The
intervener, Capital Gate, had accused the plaintiff of failing to disclose the
following material information to AR Loo:

(a) The May sub-charter contained cll 90 and 102 and that cl 90 as a defence
was raised by the plaintiff in answer to the head owner’s claim, and the
latter’s claim had not commenced against the plaintiff at the time of the
arrest (“Disclosure (a)”);

(b) EP Carriers had liability cover with QBE (“Disclosure (b)”);

(c) No arbitration proceedings had in fact been commenced against EP Carriers
at the material time (“Disclosure (c)”);

(d) The plaintiff, in Originating Summons No 238 of 2009 (“OS 238/2009”), only
sought leave to continue with the _in rem_ action but did not obtain leave to
bring arbitration proceedings against EP Carriers (“Disclosure (d)”); and

(e) The leave obtained in OS 238/2009 was pursuant to an _ex parte_
application when the rules of court called for the application to be made
_inter partes_ (“Disclosure (e)”).

99 So far as Disclosure (a) is concerned, Ms Ang submitted that: (i) cl 90 was
indeed disclosed; (ii) it was not necessary to disclose cl 90 since it was not
a material fact; and (iii) this court should, in any case, exercise its
discretion not to set aside the arrest in view of the circumstances of the
case. The plaintiff also did not agree that the defendant’s liability with QBE
had to be disclosed as such cover did not amount to security for the
plaintiff’s claim. In fact, disclosures (b) to (e) are irrelevant, and one
views them as attempts by the intervener to “invent missing material facts” to
bolster the non-disclosure. It was alleged that the plaintiff had pointed out
that arbitration may be commenced between the plaintiff and the defendant in
OS 238/2009.

(i) Disclosure (a): Premature indemnity claim and cl 90 exclusion clause

100 Mr Tan argued that the plaintiff had failed at the application stage to
sufficiently disclose that the plaintiff’s claim for an indemnity was
premature; it was a premature action because the claim for indemnity was in
respect of an alleged liability to the head owner of _TS Bangkok_ who had not,
at the time of the arrest of the _Eagle Prestige_ , commenced legal
proceedings or arbitration against the plaintiff. The plaintiff should have
disclosed, so the argument developed, the status of the head owner’s claim and
whether proceedings had been brought or not. Furthermore, the plaintiff did
not disclose that it was disputing the claim against the head owner, and that
cl 90 was raised as a defence to the head owner’s claim.

101 I have explained in [90]-[92] above my reasons for rejecting Mr Tan’s
contention that the plaintiff’s claim was premature. The cause of action was
not inchoate so much so that the suggestion that there was no jurisdiction _in
rem_ was incorrect and misconceived.

102 I have also explained in [93]-[95] above my reasons why the argument that
cl 90 read with cl 102 of the May sub-charter (reproduced in [17] above)
amounts to an exclusion clause is not free from ambiguity. As such, it is not
a matter that could be readily and summarily resolved from a mere construction
of the clauses without further proof of facts in issue. That is a significant
point to note in the non-disclosure argument. Since the alleged non-disclosure
of cl 90 read with cl 102 depended upon it being clearly an exclusion clause,
or a clause that afforded the defendant a complete defence to the plaintiff s
claim, and given the fact that the character of the cl 90 was plainly in issue
and cannot be readily and summarily resolved, it would be, in my view,
certainly inappropriate to set aside the warrant of arrest for non-disclosure
of cl 90 alone, or read together with cl 102.

103 The intervener had emphasised that the plaintiff was obviously aware of cl
90 as the plaintiff used this clause against the head owner’s claims as
evidenced by the fax dated 6 October 2008 sent by the UK P&I Club to The
Swedish Club. Therefore, it was the plaintiff’s duty to disclose in the
affidavits leading the warrant of arrest that it had used cl 90 against the
head owner. The plaintiff’s first line of opposition against the intervener’s
allegation that cl 90 was not disclosed was that the clause was indeed brought
to the attention of AR Loo by Mr Ng.

104 As previously mentioned, AR Loo’s minute sheet from the hearing of 27
February 2009 consisted of only three short paragraphs on ownership and made
no mention of cl 90 (see [22] above ). AR Loo’s minutes were not verbatim
notes of the hearing judging from the fact that Mr Ng attended before AR Loo
for over an hour. Ms Ang submitted that AR Loo had simply noted down what he
regarded as important matters. Mr Ng, who attended before AR Loo, set out in a
subsequent affidavit, filed on 19 May 2009, that cl 90 was brought orally to
AR Loo’s attention. In that affidavit, Mr Ng affirmed that:

37 Thereafter, I referred AR Loo to the matters set out in Li’s 2nd Affidavit.
In particular, I brought AR Loo through paragraphs 1 to 11 of Li’s 2nd
Affidavit, and the exhibits thereto, including the letter from the UK P&I Club
to the Swedish Club of 6 October 2008 at page 14, where the Plaintiffs had
raised certain queries with the Head Owners on the merits of the Head Owners’
claim including amongst other things the applicability of clause 90 of the
charterparty between the Head Owners and the Plaintiffs. In this regard, I
emphasized that notwithstanding the Plaintiffs’ position vis-à-vis the Head
Owners the Plaintiffs were entitled, as against the Defendants, to security
for their best arguable case and that the Plaintiffs believed that they had a
good arguable case on the merits.

105 Clause 90 was not mentioned in the text of the affidavits leading the
warrant of arrest. The clause was referred to in one of the exhibits (the
letter of 6 October 2008 sent by the plaintiff’s UK P&I Club to The Swedish
Club) to the Li’s 2nd affidavit (see [7] above). In this case, the plaintiff’s
position was that Mr Ng had pointed out and explained cl 90 to AR Loo. The
problem with leaving information to oral arguments and submissions, however,
is one of proof, especially, in circumstances where AR Loo’s notes were not
verbatim notes. To my mind, a supplementary affidavit recording the disclosure
of cl 90 to AR Loo ought to been filed soon after the hearing. Such an
affidavit would have certainly carried more weight than the one now filed on
the very day RA 178 was listed for hearing. Even with the best will in the
world, Mr Ng’s late affidavit coming after the AR’s decision on Summons 1777
was bound to lack some objectivity. In any case, it was not necessary to
resort to Mr Ng’s affidavit in the light of my analysis of _The Vasiliy
Golovnin(CA)_ and my conclusion on the materiality of cl 90 and observations
in [102] above.

106 Mr Tan had relied on _The Vasiliy Golovnin(CA)_ for the proposition that
cl 90 must be disclosed as it was a complete defence to the plaintiff’s claim.
It followed, so the argument developed, that the plaintiff did not have an
arguable case on the merits against the defendant. In relation to cl 90, the
first point is whether cl 90 is an exclusion clause, and second, if it was an
exclusion clause, did it give the defendant a plausible defence to the
plaintiff’s claim so that it must be disclosed in the affidavit leading the
warrant of arrest.

107 Mr Tan’s mechanistic argument that defences to the claim so long as they
are plausible (not conceivable or theoretical) have to be disclosed is
misconceived for the reasons explained. In the light of the low threshold of
the merits enquiry applicable to the facts of the present case, the merits of
the claim were not called into question in the context of an application for a
warrant of arrest so much so that the omission to refer to cl 90 of the May
sub-charter (assuming cl 90 is an exclusion clause) would not be characterised
as a failure to make full and frank disclosure. It followed that the factual
evidence - that UK P&I Club in its fax of 6 October 2008 raised cl 90 in
purported response to the head owner’s claim for grounding damage (assuming
that was the intention) - need not be disclosed. It was not information that
was material to the exercise of AR Loo’s function and discretion, and it need
not be disclosed to him.

108 Even if I had concluded that the omission of cl 90 and the plaintiff’s
reliance on the same clause in the UK P&I Club’s fax of 6 October 2008 to The
Swedish Club were facts that ought to have been disclosed to AR Loo as they
were material to AR Loo’s decision whether or not to issue the warrant of
arrest, I would still decline to set aside the warrant of arrest because I
would have regarded such a step as a disproportionate response to the omission
for the following reasons taken cumulatively. A court may in a proper case
refuse to set aside an arrest even if it was found that there was non-
disclosure of material information (see _The Fierbinti_ [1994] 3 SLR(R) 574).

109 I accepted the plaintiff’s submission that it did not intentionally set
out to omit mentioning cll 90 and 102 in the body of the affidavits leading to
the warrant of arrest. I noted that, given the ambiguity of cl 90, the
character of the clause was plainly in issue. It must be remembered that it
was not the intervener’s case that the action _in rem_ was frivolous or
vexatious or otherwise an abuse of process. As such, it could not be said (and
it was not said) that cl 90 read with cl 102 was a clear and obvious defence
to show up the claim as frivolous and vexatious. That said, the tenor of the
UK P&I Club’s fax dated 6 October 2008 sent on behalf of the plaintiff
indicated that the raising of cll 90 and 102 were tentative and even
speculative rather than with a solid amount of conviction. At that stage, the
plaintiff had no information on the grounding damage as evidenced by the fact
that, in the same communication, the UK P&I Club requested more information on
the incident, damage and repairs made to _TS Bangkok_. Not unexpectedly, one
month later, the head owner roundly rejected cl 90 and its validity as a
defence to the head owner’s claim. Above all, after cl 90 was raised by the UK
P&I Club until the time of arrest, the circumstances had changed. The events
that unfolded painted the picture of the defendant walking away from the
claim. I start at the time when the plaintiff passed on the claim to the
defendant by seeking damages against it (on 10 November 2008), and it never
raised the two clauses again, and for good reason. According to The Swedish
Club, the defendant was aware of the grounding incident involving _TS Bangkok_
and the extent of the damage. Surveyors representing the defendant’s insurers
attended the repairs at Hong Kong. On the defendant’s part, it did not deny
the validity of the plaintiff’s claim against it, nor raised cll 90 and 102 at
all. The first time cl 90 was raised was in early March 2009 after the arrest
of the _Eagle Prestige_. However, that event is not crucial. Of importance
were the events before the arrest which on any reasonable view of the
defendant’s conduct could be interpreted as evincing an intention to defeat
what appeared to be a genuine claim the defendant was well aware of through a
change of ownership of the vessel, and the liquidation of EP Carriers.
According to TSL, EP Carriers had carried out a writ search on 23 December
2008 to find out if there were any _in rem_ writs filed against the _Eagle
Prestige_. The writ search did not reveal the plaintiff’s writ in this action
filed on 2 December 2008. The vessel’s ownership changed on 22 December 2008,
and the defendant was placed in provisional liquidation by way of a creditors’
voluntary winding up on 17 February 2009 (see [6] to [13] above). Between 10
November 2008 and 27 February 2009, the plaintiff was led to believe that the
defendant through QBE would provide security for the plaintiff’s claim. As it
turned out, QBE’s assurances that security would be provided were empty
promises; they were excuses to buy time for the defendant as well as to stop
the plaintiff from arresting the vessel as early as November 2008 (see [10]
above).

110 On the ownership change, the plaintiff found out from a search carried out
on 16 February 2009 that on 18 December 2008, the Panamanian Registry was
requested to issue a provisional patente to effect change of owners of the
_Eagle Prestige_ to Capital Gate as well as to change the vessel’s name from
_Eagle Prestige_ to _Engedi_. The preliminary registration was done on 22
December 2008 but permanent registration of the ownership had not taken place.
If and when completed within six months of the preliminary registration, the
permanent registration would be recorded as of the date of preliminary
registration _ie_ 22 December 2008. On 18 February 2009, A&G conducted a
search against EP Carriers and found that EP Carriers was in provisional
liquidation under a creditors’ voluntary winding up and that provisional
liquidators had been appointed. It was after the arrest that the then
solicitors for the liquidators of EP Carrier entered an appearance and in
March 2008 raised cl 90 as a defence. By 13 April 2009, the liquidators of EP
Carrier decided that they would no longer deal with the plaintiff’s
claim.[note: 7] Had the plaintiff entirely relied on QBE’s assurances and been
slow in filing a writ _in rem_ against the defendant, it would, for all
intents and purposes, have lost its _in rem_ claim against the _Eagle
Prestige_ and _in personam_ claim against EP Carriers would be pointless
against an insolvent company under creditors’ voluntary winding up. It also
appears that the transfer of ownership of _the Eagle Prestige_ was to a
company whose director and shareholder was also a director and shareholder of
EP Carriers (see [13] and [14] above).

111 For those reasons, I was not disposed to set aside the warrant of arrest
on the basis of material non-disclosure of cll 90 and 102. The above views
regarding the exercise of my discretion also applied to the other allegations
of non-disclosure, thereby rendering them irrelevant. I shall, nevertheless,
examine them briefly for the sake of completeness.

(ii) Disclosure (b): QBE liability cover

112 In her 3rd affidavit of 5 May 2009, TSL had argued that the defendant
possessed insurance cover with QBE which covered the defendant against any
liability owed to the plaintiff. Upon the liquidation of the defendant, such
insurance cover was transferred to and vested in the plaintiff pursuant to the
UK Third Parties (Rights against Insurance) Act. As such, the plaintiff
possessed adequate security for its claim. In the present action, the
intervener argued that such facts were material and were not disclosed at the
hearing of 27 February 2009\. There is nothing in this allegation. How rights
under that legislation can amount to security for the plaintiff’s claim is
inexplicable. Until there is a judgment against EP Carriers, the legislation
has no relevance.

113 In a letter from A&G addressed to AsiaLegal dated 30 April 2009 and
exhibited in Leona Wong’s third affidavit, filed on 6 May 2009, A&G disputed
the adequacies of the policy as security for the plaintiff’s claim on several
grounds. There had been no response from the intervener in answer to A&G’s
allegation that the policy did not amount to good security. As such, I was of
the view that the intervener did not seriously consider that such information
was material. This, to my mind, was a belated attempt to “invent missing
material facts” and merited no consideration (see _The Vasiliy Golovnin(CA)_
at [88]).

(iii) Disclosure (c): Commencement of arbitration proceedings

114 The intervener also alleged that the plaintiff had failed to disclose that
no arbitration had, in fact, been commenced against the defendant as of 27
February 2009. While it is true that the plaintiff did not expressly so state,
this was implicit from the first arrest affidavit filed by Li Kang-Lin on 27
February 2009. The relevant portions of the affidavit stated:

19 The parties hereto have agreed to refer their disputes to London
arbitration. Clause 51 of the Charterparty [Tab 1] provides so far as is
material as follows: …

20 The Plaintiffs are ready, willing and able to refer the disputes to
arbitration. The Plaintiffs’ writ herein and application for a Warrant of
Arrest are not to be construed as a waiver of their rights to refer their
claims and disputes to arbitration in London or a step in the proceedings. The
Plaintiffs expressly reserve all their rights under the applicable laws and
legislation, including but not limited to the International Arbitration Act
(Cap. 143A) (“IAA”). In particular, the Plaintiffs reserve their rights to
commence and pursue arbitration proceedings pursuant to the provisions in the
Charterparty as aforesaid and to apply for a stay of the action herein in
favour of arbitration in London and for the property arrested to be retained
as security or for equivalent security to be provided, pursuant to sections 6
and 7 of the IAA.

Hence, it was readily discernible that while there was an arbitration
agreement between the plaintiff and the defendant, no arbitration had yet been
commenced. The intervener’s allegation had no merit.

(iv) Disclosure (d): No leave to bring arbitration proceedings

115 Another baseless allegation was the assertion that there was no disclosure
of the fact that leave was not sought to bring arbitration proceedings against
the defendant. This was not a material fact which required to be disclosed as
no arbitration proceedings had been commenced at the point in time. What was
material, at the hearing of 27 February 2009 for the purpose of the arrest,
was that arbitration was contemplated and that, if so commenced, the vessel
would be used as security for the arbitration proceedings. As mentioned above,
such an intention was indeed disclosed in the affidavits leading the warrant
of arrest.

(v) Disclosure (e): OS 238/2009 – ex parte application

116 Similarly, the intervener’s argument that the fact that OS 238/2009 was
heard _ex parte_ ought to have been, but was not, disclosed was disingenuous.
The reasons for the urgency of the hearing were explained to the court hearing
the application and it was accepted. Accordingly, this was not a matter that
AR Loo needed to take into account in deciding whether to grant the
application to arrest the _Eagle Prestige_.

Conclusion

117 The intervener’s application to set aside the arrest of the _Eagle
Prestige_ was unmeritorious. In the circumstances, the appeal against the
order made on 13 May 2009 to set aside the warrant of arrest was allowed.
Costs of the appeal and below were ordered to be taxed, if not agreed.

* * *

[note: 1]CB Tab 26 Business Profile of EP Carriers

[note: 2]Li Kang-Lin’s 2nd affidavit dated 27 February 2009, exhibit marked
“LKL-2” at p15

[note: 3]Li Kang-Lin’s 1st affidavit dated 27 February 2009, exhibit marked
“LKL-1” at p 56

[note: 4]Li Kang-Lin’s 1st affidavit dated 27 February 2009, exhibit marked
“LKL-1” at p97

[note: 5]Tan Siew Ling’s 1st affidavit dated 14 April 2009, para 4

[note: 6]Tan Siew Ling’s 4th affidavit dated 26 May 2009 at p 37

[note: 7]Tan Siew Ling’s 1st affidavit dated 14 April 2009, para 6

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 23 Mar 2010 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

