Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Comptroller of Income Tax _v_ ACC  
[2010] SGCA 13

Case Number| :| Civil Appeal No 96 of 2009  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 24 March 2010  
Tribunal/Court| :| Court of Appeal  
Coram| :|  Chan Sek Keong CJ; Andrew Phang Boon Leong JA; V K Rajah JA  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Jimmy Oei and Usha Chandradas (Inland Revenue Authority
of Singapore) for the appellant; Leung Yew Kwong and Tan Shao Tong
(WongPartnership LLP) for the respondent.  
Parties| :|  Comptroller of Income Tax — ACC  
  
[LawNet Editorial Note: The decision from which this appeal arose is reported
at [2010] 1 SLR 273.]

24 March 2010|  
---|---  
  
Chan Sek Keong CJ (delivering the grounds of decision of the court):

Introduction

1 This was an appeal by the Comptroller of Income Tax (“the Comptroller”)
against the decision of the High Court judge (“the Judge”) granting leave to
the respondent under O 53 r 1 of the Rules of Court (Cap 322, R 5, 2006 Rev
Ed) (“the ROC”) to apply for a quashing order against the Comptroller’s letter
dated 6 February 2009 (“the 6 February 2009 Letter”) informing the respondent
that it was liable to account for withholding tax on certain transactions (see
_ACC v CIT_ [2010] 1 SLR 273). After hearing the arguments of both parties, we
dismissed the Comptroller’s appeal and now give the reasons for our decision.

The facts

2 The respondent is a company incorporated in Singapore, with subsidiaries
incorporated in the Cayman Islands. The respondent’s subsidiaries are in the
business of leasing certain machinery. Each subsidiary is a special purpose
company that owns only one machine. To finance the purchase of the machines, a
number of the subsidiaries entered into loan agreements with offshore banks at
a floating interest rate. Some of these subsidiaries later leased out their
machines at a fixed rental rate (the subsidiaries which did so will hereafter
be referred to collectively as “the SPCs” and individually as an “SPC”). As a
result, the SPCs were exposed to interest rate fluctuations since the rental
income from their machines would not vary with changes in the interest rate on
the bank loans.

3 To minimise the risk of such exposure, the SPCs arranged interest swaps with
onshore banks. Under these interest swap arrangements, an SPC would make
periodic fixed rate payments to the bank concerned in exchange for the bank
making floating rate payments to the SPC. The risk of fluctuating interest
rates would thus be passed from the SPC to the onshore bank.

4 For reasons of commercial efficiency, the SPCs did not enter into the
interest swap agreements with the onshore banks directly. Instead, the
respondent acted as a middleman for all the SPCs by entering into the interest
swap agreements with the onshore banks. The respondent then entered into
individual swap agreements with each of the SPCs which mirrored the swap
agreements entered into between the respondent and the onshore banks. The net
effect of this arrangement resulted in the SPCs and the onshore banks making
payments to each other as described at [3] above. The actual floating rate
payments to the SPCs were made by the respondent.

5 Under s 12(6) of the Income Tax Act (Cap 134, 2008 Rev Ed) (“the ITA”):

There shall be deemed to be derived from Singapore —

(_a_) any interest, commission, fee or any other payment in connection with
any loan or indebtedness or with any arrangement, management, guarantee, or
service relating to any loan or indebtedness which is —

(i) borne, directly or indirectly, by a person resident in Singapore or a
permanent establishment in Singapore except in respect of any business carried
on outside Singapore through a permanent establishment outside Singapore or
any immovable property situated outside Singapore; or

(ii) deductible against any income accruing in or derived from Singapore; or

(_b_) any income derived from loans where the funds provided by such loans are
brought into or used in Singapore.

The significance of s 12(6) of the ITA is that interest payments falling
within this provision are deemed to be income chargeable to tax under s
10(1)(_d_). Where such interest payments are to be made to a person who is not
resident in Singapore, the paying party is required by s 45 of the ITA to
withhold tax from the sums payable, and the amount thus withheld is treated as
a debt due from the paying party to the Government.

6 The respondent did not withhold tax from the floating rate payments which it
made to the SPCs. It subsequently wrote to the Comptroller to confirm that
withholding tax was inapplicable to these payments. On 6 February 2009, the
Comptroller replied (via the 6 February 2009 Letter) as follows:[note: 1]

2 … we are of the view that the payments made to [the SPCs] fall within the
ambit of section 12(6). The scope of section 12(6) covers “ _any_ … payment in
connection with _any_ loan or indebtedness or with _any_ arrangement,
management, guarantee, or service relating to _any_ loan or indebtedness …”.
The scope of payments covered within the ambit of section 12(6) of the ITA is
therefore, in our view, broad and will bring the interest rate swap payments
made by [the respondent] to [the SPCs] within its scope …

3 … As the swap payments fall within the ambit of section 12(6) of the ITA,
withholding tax requirements under section 45 of the ITA apply. As [the
respondent] has not complied with the relevant withholding tax requirements
with respect to the payments made to [the SPCs] for the period October 2006 to
March 2008, [the respondent] is required to account for the amount of tax that
should have been withheld … [The respondent] is also liable to pay any penalty
that will be imposed arising from non-compliance with section 45 of the ITA.

4 _We have reached determination on your request after due consideration and
consultation of the issue raised based on the representations and information
furnished. … Our Enforcement Division will be contacting you separately on the
recovery of the tax and penalty due from [the respondent]_.

[underlining in original; emphasis added in italics]

For ease of reference, we will use the expression “the material SPC payments”
to denote the floating rate payments mentioned in para 3 of the 6 February
2009 Letter (_ie_ , the floating rate payments made by the respondent to the
SPCs between October 2006 and March 2008).

7 The respondent did not agree with the Comptroller’s interpretation of s
12(6) of the ITA. Nevertheless, the respondent seemed to treat the 6 February
2009 Letter as containing an administrative decision or a determination that,
if not quashed by a court order, would result in its having to pay withholding
tax and any corresponding penalties under s 45 of the ITA. In the course of
hearing this appeal, we were informed that the respondent had already paid,
under protest, the amount of withholding tax (but not the penalties)
determined by the Comptroller.

8 The respondent subsequently obtained leave from the High Court under O 53 r
1 of the ROC to apply for a quashing order against the Comptroller’s
determination in the 6 February 2009 Letter. In his grounds of decision, the
Judge noted that the Comptroller’s determination was a matter which was
susceptible to judicial review because, in making such a determination, the
Comptroller had exercised his power to assess and collect tax under s 4(3) of
the ITA. The Judge also rejected the Comptroller’s argument that the
respondent had no _locus standi_ to seek a quashing order. He held that, since
the Comptroller had directed the respondent to account for the amount of
withholding tax which (in the Comptroller’s view) should have been deducted
from the material SPC payments, on pain of such amount being recovered as a
debt, the respondent had _locus standi_ to invoke the jurisdiction of the
court. Having found that the respondent had an arguable case in challenging
the Comptroller’s interpretation of s 12(6) of the ITA, the Judge accordingly
granted the respondent leave to apply for a quashing order.

9 Dissatisfied with the decision of the Judge, the Comptroller appealed to
this court on the ground that the respondent had no _locus standi_ to seek a
quashing order. The Comptroller also introduced a new argument on appeal –
namely, that it was in any event an abuse of process for the respondent to
take out judicial review proceedings under O 53 of the ROC. Before we address
the parties’ submissions, we should briefly note that both parties, throughout
these proceedings, treated the Comptroller’s determination in the 6 February
2009 Letter as a decision capable of being quashed. Indeed, the Comptroller
did not, in this appeal, challenge the Judge’s ruling that that determination
was susceptible to judicial review. We will comment on this matter further
below (at [15]–[33]).

The Comptroller’s grounds of appeal

The _locus standi_ of the respondent

10 The Comptroller argued that the respondent did not have _locus standi_ to
apply for a quashing order because the tax liabilities in question were the
SPCs’ and not the respondent’s. The respondent, it was contended, was only a
collecting agent which owed a debt to the Government due to non-compliance
with an obligation imposed under the ITA, and should not be given the same
right as if it were the taxpayer. This argument had earlier been made before
the Judge, who (as mentioned at [8] above) rejected it on the ground that,
since the respondent was being made liable for the amount of withholding tax
which (in the Comptroller’s view) should have been deducted from the material
SPC payments, it had _locus standi_ to object to the Comptroller’s
determination.

11 Before us, the Comptroller referred to _Singapore Airlines Ltd and another
v Inland Revenue Authority of Singapore and another_ [1999] 2 SLR(R) 1097 (“
_Singapore Airlines_ ”) in support of its argument that the respondent lacked
_locus standi_ to apply for a quashing order. In _Singapore Airlines_ , G P
Selvam J said at [23] apropos O 15 r 16 of the Rules of Court (Cap 322, R 5,
1997 Rev Ed) (the then equivalent of O 15 r 16 of the ROC):

That provision does not mean that declaratory orders can be sought by all and
sundry irrespective of whether there was a justiciable issue between the
parties. It [_ie_ , a declaratory order] can be sought only by persons who
have a right to enforce against a defendant or by persons who say that [they
themselves are] not liable. It is not the function or purpose of the courts to
render legal opinion to indirect parties.

This statement was made in the context of a case where the first plaintiff
sought a declaration that the proposed transfer of monies from a provident
fund for its employees (“the Fund”) to the Central Provident Fund would not
amount to a premature withdrawal of sums in the Fund for the purposes of s
13(1)(_ja_) of the Income Tax Act (Cap 134, 1996 Rev Ed) (which is _in pari
materia_ with s 13(1)(_ja_) of the ITA), and therefore would not cause the
first plaintiff’s employees to lose their right to tax exemption _vis-à-vis_
the sums transferred. The first defendant disagreed with this view. At the
commencement of the hearing, Selvam J queried the _locus standi_ of the first
plaintiff to seek the declaration in question when it had no interest in the
Fund and would not be liable to pay tax if the proposed transfer did indeed
amount to a premature withdrawal of sums in the Fund. The judge eventually
dismissed the application on that ground.

12 In our view, _Singapore Airlines_ is clearly distinguishable from the
present case. Here, the Comptroller had determined that:

(a) the material SPC payments fell within the ambit of s 12(6) of the ITA and
were thus subject to withholding tax under s 45; and

(b) the respondent was _personally liable_ under s 45(3) to pay to the
Government, as a debt, the amount of withholding tax which it had failed to
deduct from the material SPC payments, along with any prescribed penalties.

Indeed, as we mentioned earlier (at [7] above), the respondent paid, under
protest, the debt claimed by the Comptroller with a view to challenging his
determination through legal proceedings. In these circumstances, if the
respondent did not have _locus standi_ to commence proceedings for a review of
the Comptroller’s determination, we were unable to see who else would have
_locus standi_ to do so.

Abuse of process

13 The Comptroller also submitted that the respondent’s application for leave
to apply for a quashing order was an abuse of process as the respondent should
have first applied for either ministerial exemption from tax or ministerial
remission of tax under, respectively, s 13(4) and s 92(2) of the ITA. This
submission was made on the basis that there was no question that the
respondent was liable to pay the amount assessed by the Comptroller pursuant
to his determination as set out in the 6 February 2009 Letter. We rejected
this argument. While a person seeking judicial review should normally exhaust
all alternative remedies before invoking the jurisdiction of the court (see
_Borissik Svetlana v Urban Redevelopment Authority_ [2009] 4 SLR(R) 92 at
[25]), we did not consider ministerial exemption and ministerial remission
under the ITA to be alternative remedies for this purpose. Section 13(4) of
the ITA allows the Minister to exempt certain payments which constitute income
under either s 12(6) or s 12(7) from tax if the payments are “made for any
purpose which will promote or enhance the economic or technological
development of Singapore” (see s 13(4)). The Minister’s power under s 13(4) is
a discretionary power, and, if a decision is made against a taxpayer pursuant
to this power, such decision is not subject to challenge on its merits by way
of judicial review. In other words, the Minister’s decision to exempt payments
which constitute income under either s 12(6) or s 12(7) from tax is founded on
policy considerations, and such ministerial exemption can hardly be considered
as a remedy for an aggrieved person who disputes his liability to pay tax in
the first place.

14 Similarly, the Minister’s power under s 92(2) of the ITA is a discretionary
power. This provision confers discretion on the Minister to remit the tax
payable by any person “if he is satisfied that it is just and equitable to do
so”. It likewise rests on the premise that tax is payable in the first place,
which is precisely what the respondent denies and is trying to challenge in
these proceedings. Section 92(2) does not offer a remedy to an aggrieved
taxpayer as it does not operate as an appeal against the Comptroller’s
interpretation of the provisions in the ITA. Accordingly, since there were no
alternative remedies for the respondent to exhaust, it was not an abuse of
process for the respondent to bring judicial review proceedings in the present
case.

The real question to be decided: Whether the Comptroller’s determination in
the 6 February 2009 Letter could be quashed

15 Although we ruled against the Comptroller in respect of both of his grounds
of appeal (_viz_ , lack of _locus standi_ and abuse of process (see [9]
above)), it did not follow that the present appeal should therefore be
dismissed. We also had to consider what, in our view, was the real issue in
this appeal – namely, whether the respondent’s application for leave to apply
for a quashing order had no basis as there was nothing for the court to quash.
This argument was not raised by the Comptroller, but, as just mentioned, we
regarded it as the crux of the present appeal.

16 It is trite law that a quashing order will not lie unless a public
authority has done something that a court can quash or, in other words,
deprive of legal effect (see _De Smith’s Judicial Review_ (Lord Woolf, Jeffrey
Jowell & Andrew Le Sueur eds) (Sweet & Maxwell, 6th Ed, 2007) (“ _De Smith_ ”)
at paras 18-026 and 18-027). In _Regina v Statutory Visitors to St Lawrence’s
Hospital, Caterham; Ex parte Pritchard_ [1953] 1 WLR 1158, for instance,
Parker J said (at 1166) that a quashing order “[could] only [lie] to bring up
to [the] court and quash something which [was] a determination or a decision”.
In that case, the court refused to quash a report as to the need for the
continued detention of a mental defective because the power to order continued
detention rested in another body, and not the body which prepared the report;
as such, the report did not have any legal force of its own. Similarly, in _R
(on the application of the Association of British Travel Agents Ltd) v Civil
Aviation Authority_ [2007] 2 Lloyd’s Rep 249, the English Court of Appeal saw
no need to quash a guidance note which contained erroneous statements of law
because it did not affect existing or future rights. Instead, the court
ordered the guidance note to be withdrawn because it had the potential to
mislead the public.

17 The Australian courts have adopted a similar position. This can be seen
from (_inter alia_) the High Court of Australia’s decision in _Ainsworth and
another v Criminal Justice Commission_ (1992) 175 CLR 564 (“ _Ainsworth_ ”).
In that case, the applicant was defamed by a report which had been tabled in
the Parliament of Queensland without his having had a chance to answer the
allegations contained in the report. The High Court of Australia readily
granted a declaration that there had been a breach of natural justice, but
refused to quash the report. Four members of the court (_viz_ , Mason CJ and
Dawson, Toohey and Gaudron JJ), in a joint judgment, held at 580:

The function of certiorari [_ie_ , a quashing order] is to quash the legal
effect or the legal consequences of the decision or order under review. The
report made and delivered by the [Criminal Justice] Commission has, of itself,
no legal effect and carries no legal consequences, whether direct or indirect.
It is different when a report or recommendation operates as a precondition or
as a bar to a course of action, or as a step in a process capable of altering
rights, interests or liabilities. A report or a recommendation of that kind
may be quashed, that is to say its legal effect may be nullified by
certiorari.

Similarly, Brennan J, who agreed with the other judges, held in a separate
judgment at 595:

Certiorari is not available. Certiorari might go to quash a report if its
production or furnishing were to affect directly a prosecutor’s rights or were
to subject them in some way to a new hazard but, as the [Criminal Justice]
Commission’s Report has no legal effect, there is nothing to be quashed.

18 It is also important to note from the judgment in _Ainsworth_ that a
decision need not in itself have a direct legal effect or consequence before
it can be quashed. A decision which operates as a prerequisite to or a step in
a process capable of altering rights, interests or liabilities may also be the
subject of a quashing order. For instance, in _Hot Holdings Pty Limited v
Creasy and others_ (1996) 185 CLR 149 (“ _Creasy_ ”), which concerned a
recommendation made by a mining warden to the Minister under the Mining Act
1978 (WA) that a ballot should be held in respect of applications for
exploration licences and mining leases, the High Court of Australia ruled (by
a majority of 3:2) that, although the mining warden’s recommendation was not
binding on its own, it was susceptible to a quashing order because the
Minister was required to take it into account and, thus, it had a discernible
legal effect upon the Minister’s exercise of discretion.

19 A similar situation arose in the English Court of Appeal case of _Regina v
Panel on Take-overs and Mergers, Ex parte Datafin Plc and another_ [1987] QB
815 (“ _Datafin_ ”). That case concerned the Panel on Take-overs and Mergers
(“the Panel”), an unincorporated association responsible for administering the
City Code on Take-overs and Mergers (“the Code”) and deciding if there had
been violations of the Code. The Panel had no statutory or contractual powers
and, thus, its decisions were without direct legal effect. Nonetheless, the
Panel wielded immense _de facto_ power because a ruling by it that there had
been a violation of the Code would have led to other sanctions, such as
exclusion from the London Stock Exchange and investigation by the Department
of Trade and Industry. The Panel’s decisions were therefore capable of
indirectly affecting the rights of citizens and were held to be amenable to a
quashing order.

20 _Creasy_ and _Datafin_ may be contrasted with a local case, _Tan Eng Chye v
Director of Prisons_ [2004] 4 SLR(R) 521. The applicant in that case had
pleaded guilty to a charge of robbery which carried a mandatory sentence of
not less than 12 strokes of the cane. The district judge called for a pre-
sentence medical report to determine whether the applicant was fit for caning.
The medical report answered this question in the affirmative and the applicant
was accordingly sentenced to caning. The applicant subsequently sought to have
the medical report quashed, but failed. The High Court held that the district
judge was bound by law to impose the mandatory sentence of caning irrespective
of what the medical report stated. The relevant provisions of the Criminal
Procedure Code (Cap 68, 1985 Rev Ed) requiring a prisoner to be certified by a
medical officer as being fit for caning only applied at the post-sentence
stage when the sentence of caning was about to be carried out. As such, the
pre-sentence medical report was redundant and did not have any legal effect on
the applicant.

21 From the authorities, it appears to us that a quashing order will only lie
against decisions which have some form of actual or ostensible legal effect,
whether direct or indirect. A mere opinion clearly does not fall within this
category. This can be seen from _Regina v Secretary of State for Employment,
Ex parte Equal Opportunities Commission and another_ [1995] 1 AC 1, a decision
of the House of Lords. In that case, the Equal Opportunities Commission (“the
EOC”) considered that certain provisions of the Employment Protection
(Consolidation) Act 1978 (c 44) (UK) (“the EPCA”) were contrary to European
Community law (including, _inter alia_ , Art 119 of the Treaty establishing
the European Economic Community (“the EEC Treaty”)) and wrote to the Secretary
of State for Employment (“the Secretary of State”) asking him to reconsider
the legislation. The Secretary of State replied via a letter stating his view
that the statutory provisions concerned were justifiable. The EOC then applied
for judicial review of the Secretary of State’s letter. The House of Lords
declared that the statutory provisions in question were contrary to Art 119 of
the EEC Treaty, but nevertheless declined to grant a quashing order. Lord
Keith of Kinkel, referring to the Secretary of State’s letter, held at 26:

In my opinion that letter does not constitute a decision. It does no more than
state the Secretary of State’s view that the threshold provisions of the
[EPCA] regarding redundancy pay and compensation for unfair dismissal are
justifiable and in conformity with European Community law. The real object of
[the EOC’s] attack is these provisions themselves.

22 A similar decision was reached in _Regina v London Waste Regulation
Authority, Ex parte Specialist Waste Management Ltd_ (_The Times_ (UK), 1
November 1988). There, a public authority informed the applicant, through a
meeting and a series of letters, that it was required to obtain a licence
under the Control of Pollution Act 1974 (c 40) (UK) before it could operate an
incinerator on hospital grounds. The court held that the public authority’s
opinion was not susceptible to judicial review because it was not a ruling or
decision. The statute in question did not give any power to the public
authority to make rulings or orders in individual cases placed before it. In
communicating its opinion, the public authority was merely expressing its
understanding of the law in relation to the applicant’s proposal to operate an
incinerator at a hospital. It was open to the applicant to proceed to operate
the incinerator as planned and have the matter tested in court if the public
authority chose to prosecute it for failing to obtain a licence before
beginning to operate the incinerator.

23 In the present case, the Comptroller purported to determine the liability
of the respondent for withholding tax as if he were exercising a statutory
power, with the consequence that the respondent would be legally bound by and
obliged to comply with such a determination. The 6 February 2009 Letter stated
(in para 4) that the Comptroller had “reached determination on [the
respondent’s] request”[note: 2] and that “[the] Enforcement Division [would]
be contacting [the respondent] separately on the recovery of the tax and
penalty due from [it]”.[note: 3] The tone of this letter indicated the
finality of the Comptroller’s decision that the respondent was liable for
withholding tax _vis-à-vis_ the material SPC payments and must arrange to pay
the amount assessed or computed as being payable on the facts disclosed by the
respondent.

24 The respondent’s position was that the Comptroller’s determination was
incorrect in law and that it was not liable for withholding tax in relation to
the material SPC payments as no tax was payable by the SPCs. Nonetheless, as a
responsible commercial enterprise, the respondent decided to pay, under
protest, the amount of withholding tax demanded by the Comptroller with a view
to taking court proceedings to nullify or set aside the Comptroller’s
determination.

25 The question thus arose as to whether the Comptroller’s determination was a
decision which had actual or ostensible legal effect, whether direct or
indirect, on the respondent. If that determination were made under a statutory
power and were binding on the respondent unless and until it was set aside by
a court, then it would certainly affect the rights of the respondent. If, on
the other hand, the determination had no such effect, it would be nothing more
than an expression of the Comptroller’s opinion or view as regards the
respondent’s liability for withholding tax. Such a determination would be no
more than advice to the respondent or an answer to the query by the respondent
as to its liability for withholding tax, and the respondent was free to
disregard the determination if it did not agree with it. In the present case,
the respondent disagreed with the Comptroller’s determination, but did not
feel free (from a commercial point of view) to disregard it. Hence, it paid
under protest the withholding tax determined by the Comptroller and commenced
these proceedings.

26 Despite the wording used in the 6 February 2009 Letter, we were doubtful if
the Comptroller’s determination had any actual or ostensible legal effect
(whether direct or indirect) on the respondent’s liability to pay the amount
claimed by the Comptroller. There seems to be nothing in the ITA which gives
the Comptroller the power to unilaterally determine an individual’s liability
for withholding tax under s 45.

27 In this connection, we sought the views of counsel for the Comptroller as
to the relevance of s 89 of the ITA _vis-à-vis_ the Comptroller’s purported
determination. Section 89 provides as follows:

**Suit for tax by Comptroller**

**89**.—(1) Notwithstanding the provisions of any other written law, tax,
interest and any penalty imposed under this Act and any sum due to the
Government under sections 44, 44A and 45, may be sued for by way of a
specially endorsed writ of summons.

…

(4) In any suit under this section, the production of a certificate signed by
the Comptroller giving the name and address of the defendant and the amount of
tax, interest or penalty due [from] him shall be sufficient evidence of the
amount so due and sufficient authority for the court to give judgment for that
amount.

28 We asked counsel for the Comptroller whether, if the Comptroller were to
commence proceedings under s 89 of the ITA against the respondent to recover
the debt referred to in the 6 February 2009 Letter, the latter would be
entitled to dispute its liability to pay the tax demanded. Counsel for the
Comptroller conceded that the respondent might be able to resist the
Comptroller’s claim on the ground that the Comptroller’s determination was
wrong in law. On the basis of this concession, it was clear to us that the
Comptroller’s determination in the 6 February 2009 Letter was nothing more
than an expression of the Comptroller’s opinion. Regardless of whether or not
that determination was final from the Comptroller’s point of view, it had no
actual or ostensible legal effect on the respondent. Section 89(4) of the ITA,
which empowers the Comptroller to issue a certificate conclusive of (_inter
alia_) the _amount_ of tax due for the purposes of proceedings under s 89,
only precludes a taxpayer from disputing the _quantum_ of tax demanded, and
not his _liability_ to pay that amount. It would follow that the respondent
could simply have ignored the Comptroller’s demand for payment and waited for
the Comptroller to commence proceedings against it under s 89 to recover the
amount which was allegedly payable.

29 As mentioned at [8] above, the Judge held that the Comptroller’s
determination in the 6 February 2009 Letter was reviewable because the
Comptroller had been exercising his power to assess and collect tax under s
4(3) of the ITA when he made that determination. Section 4(3) of the ITA reads
as follows:

**Powers of Comptroller**

**4**. …

…

(3) The Comptroller shall be responsible for the assessment and collection of
tax and shall pay all amounts collected in respect thereof into the
Consolidated Fund.

30 With respect, although this aspect of the Judge’s ruling was not challenged
by the Comptroller on appeal, we did not agree with the Judge’s reading of s
4(3) of the ITA. That provision merely states the _responsibility_ of the
Comptroller to assess and collect tax, and to pay all amounts collected into
the Consolidated Fund. It does not confer any _power_ on the Comptroller to
make binding determinations of law concerning the provisions of the ITA in the
discharge of this responsibility. Instead, as counsel for the Comptroller
conceded, it is the court alone which can make such determinations of law if
the Comptroller chooses to bring an action under s 89 of the ITA.

31 In the circumstances, the legal position of the respondent was really that
it was under no liability at all to pay any withholding tax under s 45 of the
ITA until a court had decided that it was so liable. That being the case, the
6 February 2009 Letter did not contain any decision having actual or
ostensible legal effect for the court to quash, and the proper remedy of the
respondent would have been to commence (by filing a normal originating
summons) an action for a declaration of non-liability, which action is (as can
be seen from O 15 r 16 of the ROC) maintainable in our courts.

32 The question which we had to decide, therefore, was whether we should allow
the present appeal on the ground that the respondent should have applied for a
declaration instead of a quashing order, or let the appeal proceed on the
basis that the parties had agreed that there was a determination by the
Comptroller which had some legal effect on the respondent. In our view, since
both parties had already accepted the Judge’s ruling that the Comptroller’s
determination in the 6 February 2009 Letter was susceptible to a quashing
order and since the Comptroller did not challenge this particular aspect of
the Judge’s decision before us, this appeal should, in the interests of
procedural convenience and efficiency, proceed on that basis, _ie_ , on the
basis that the 6 February 2009 Letter did contain a determination by the
Comptroller which was susceptible to judicial review. Indeed, as we noted
earlier (at, _inter alia_ , [7] and [12] above), the respondent had already
paid the amount of withholding tax demanded, albeit under protest.

33 Furthermore, the dispute between the parties involved a pure question of
law, _viz_ , whether the material SPC payments fell within the ambit of s
12(6) of the ITA. Both counsel for the Comptroller and counsel for the
respondent confirmed at the hearing of this appeal that all the relevant facts
were before the court, and that there was no issue of any dispute of facts
arising. Since the substantive question of law to be decided could be
determined by the court regardless of whether the parties proceeded by way of
an action for a declaration or an action for judicial review, we decided that,
procedurally and substantively, the respondent should be allowed to continue
with the present appeal on the basis that the Comptroller’s determination in
the 6 February 2009 Letter was susceptible to judicial review. In our view,
given the particular circumstances of this case, for the court to require the
respondent to recommence proceedings for a declaratory judgment would be to
take an overly legalistic view of what procedural justice requires.

Conclusion

34 To recapitulate, we dealt with this appeal on the basis that the
Comptroller’s determination in the 6 February 2009 Letter could be subject to
judicial review, and we rejected the Comptroller’s arguments (as outlined at
[9] above) as to why the Judge should not have granted the respondent leave to
apply for a quashing order. For these reasons, we dismissed this appeal with
costs and the usual consequential orders.

* * *

[note: 1]See the Appellant’s Core Bundle at vol 2, pp 77–78.

[note: 2]_Id_ at vol 2, p 78.

[note: 3]_Ibid_.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 24 Mar 2010 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

