Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  The “Pontianak Caraka Jaya Niaga III-34”  
[2010] SGHC 307

Case Number| :| Admiralty in Rem No 181 of 2009 (Registrar's Appeal No 13 of
2010)  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 19 October 2010  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Tan Lee Meng J  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Toh Kian Sing SC, Leong Kah Wah and Koh See Bin (Rajah &
Tann LLP) for the appellant/plaintiff; Gan Seng Chee and Leong Kai Yuan (Ang &
Partners) for the respondent/intervener.  
Parties| :|  The "Pontianak Caraka Jaya Niaga III-34"  
  
19 October 2010| Judgment reserved.  
---|---  
  
Tan Lee Meng J:

1 The appellant, ANL Singapore Ltd (“ANL”), who instituted Admiralty in Rem No
181 of 2009 (“Adm No 181”) against the owners of the “ _Pontianak Caraka Jaya
Niaga III-34_ ” (the “ _Pontianak_ ”), and arrested the said vessel, appealed
against the Assistant Registrar’s decision to set aside the arrest, release
the vessel and stay further proceedings in favour of foreign arbitration. The
respondent intervener, PT Djakarta Lloyd (Persero) (“PTDL”) is an Indonesian
State-owned company, in whose name the vessel was registered.

Background

2 On 19 May 2009, ANL filed Adm No 181, claiming that the owners of the
_Pontianak_ owed it the sum of US$575,074.20 for slot fees earned pursuant to
a slot charterparty entitled “AAX Main Agreement” dated 23 November 2001, read
with an Addendum dated 7 September 2004 and Memorandum of Understanding dated
17 March 2006 (the “Main Agreement”).

3 On 11 June 2009, ANL arrested the _Pontianak_ as security for its claim in
Adm No 181.

4 PTDL intervened in the action and asserted that although it is the
registered owner of the _Pontianak_ , the vessel is in fact owned by the State
and that it is merely the State-appointed operator of the said vessel.

5 After intervening in the action, on 24 September 2009, PTDL filed SUM
5042/2009 and applied for _, inter alia_ , the following orders:

(i)

That the _Pontianak_ be released and the arrest set aside; and

(ii)

That ANL’s application for default judgment and sale of the vessel and further
proceedings be stayed in favour of foreign arbitration.

6 On 15 January 2010, the Assistant Registrar heard PTDL’s application. After
hearing the parties, he set aside the arrest of the _Pontianak_ and ordered
her to be released on the ground that the requirements under s 4 (4) of the
High Court (Admiralty Jurisdiction) Act (Cap 123, 2001 Rev Ed) had not been
satisfied. He also ordered that ANL’s application for default judgment and
sale of the vessel and all further proceedings be stayed in favour of foreign
arbitration.

7 By way of RA No 13/2010, ANL appealed against the Assistant Registrar’s
decisions.

The appeal

8 In the present appeal, there are two issues. The first is whether the
_Pontianak_ is beneficially owned by PTDL. If the said vessel is not
beneficially owned by PTDL, the Assistant Registrar was correct in setting
aside her arrest and ordering her release. The second issue is whether the
proceedings should be stayed in favour of foreign arbitration in accordance
with the terms of the contract between the parties.

9 In [2010] SGHC 306, which concerns Adm in Rem No 175 of 2009 (“the earlier
judgment”), I considered whether the _Makassar_ , another vessel registered in
PTDL’s name, is beneficially owned by PTDL. Like the _Pontianak_ , the
_Makassar_ was also constructed under the Caraka Jaya III programme. Counsel
for ANL and PTDL relied on the same arguments with respect to the beneficial
ownership of the _Makassar_ to support their respective cases in relation to
the beneficial ownership of the _Pontianak_. In the earlier judgment, I upheld
ANL’s contention that the _Makassar_ is beneficially owned by PTDL. For the
reasons stated in the earlier judgment, I find that PTDL is also the
beneficial owner of the _Pontianak_. As such, the Assistant Registrar’s
decision to set aside the arrest of the _Pontianak_ and his order to release
the said vessel are overruled.

10 As for the second issue in the appeal, PTDL contended that as the parties
are required by their contract to resolve their differences by means of
arbitration, the court should stay all further proceedings in Adm No 181 in
view of s 6 of the International Arbitration Act (Cap 143A, 2002 Rev Ed) (“the
IAA”), which provides as follows:

**Enforcement of international arbitration agreement**

6 —(1) Notwithstanding Article 8 of the Model Law, where any party to an
arbitration agreement to which this Act applies institutes any proceedings in
any court against any other party to the agreement in respect of any matter
which is the subject of the agreement, any party to the agreement may, at any
time after appearance and before delivering any pleading or taking any other
step in the proceedings, apply to that court to stay the proceedings so far as
the proceedings relate to that matter.

(2)The court to which an application has been made in accordance with
subsection (1) shall make an order, upon such terms or conditions as it may
think fit, staying the proceedings so far as the proceedings relate to the
matter, unless it is satisfied that the arbitration agreement is null and
void, inoperative or incapable of being performed.

11 I also considered the effect of the arbitration clauses in the parties’
contract and the effect of s 6 of the IAA in the earlier judgment. The
arguments advanced by the parties for and against a stay of proceedings in Adm
No 181 were the same arguments put forward by them in relation to the
proceedings considered in the earlier judgment. For the reasons stated in the
earlier judgment, I affirm the decision of the Assistant Registrar to stay the
proceedings in Adm No 181 so that the parties may resolve their dispute
through arbitration.

Costs

12 I make no order on costs for the appeal. The order on costs below is set
aside.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 19 Oct 2010 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

