Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Public Prosecutor _v_ Firdaus bin Abdullah  
[2010] SGHC 86

Case Number| :| Magistrate's Appeal No 144 of 2009  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 17 March 2010  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Chan Sek Keong CJ  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Lau Wing Yum and Chan Huimin (Attorney-General's
Chambers) for the appellant; Derek Kang Yu Hsien (Rodyk & Davidson LLP) for
the respondent.  
Parties| :|  Public Prosecutor — Firdaus bin Abdullah  
  
17 March 2010|  
---|---  
  
Chan Sek Keong CJ:

1 This was an appeal by the prosecution against the sentences imposed by the
District Judge (“the DJ”) on the respondent for three offences for which he
was convicted on 19 May 2009.

2 The first charge, DAC 40614/2008, was for voluntarily causing grievous hurt
to a three-year-old boy (“the child”) on 14 January 2008, punishable under s
325 of the Penal Code (Cap 224, 1985 Rev Ed), by causing the child to sustain
head injury of intracranial haemorrhage which endangered his life. In fact,
the child died from this injury. Prior to the 2007 amendments to the Penal
Code which came into effect on 1 February 2008 (_ie_ , after the date of the
offence), the prescribed punishment for this offence was imprisonment for a
term which might extend to seven years and a fine or caning. The respondent
was sentenced to six years’ imprisonment and 12 strokes of the cane on this
charge.

3 The second charge, DAC 40615/2008, was for ill-treating the child by
punching the child in the head with great force on 12 January 2008, an offence
under s 5(1) of the Children and Young Persons Act (Cap 38, 2001 Rev Ed) (“the
CYPA”) and punishable under s 5(5)(_b_) of the same. The prescribed punishment
for this offence was a fine of up to $4,000 or imprisonment for a term not
exceeding four years or to both. The respondent was sentenced to one year’s
imprisonment on this charge.

4 The third charge, DAC 40616/2008, was also under s 5(1) of the CYPA and
punishable under s 5(5)(_b_) of the same, and was for ill-treating the child
by grabbing, shaking and biting the child’s penis and scrotum on 14 January
2008. The respondent was sentenced to one year’s imprisonment for this charge.

5 The DJ ordered the sentences for the first and third charges to run
concurrently but the sentence for the second charge to run consecutively.
Thus, in total, the respondent was sentenced to seven years’ imprisonment and
12 strokes of the cane. The prosecution was dissatisfied with the sentences
imposed and appealed on the ground that they were manifestly inadequate. I
allowed the appeal in part on 6 October 2009 and now give my reasons for doing
so.

Background facts

6 The respondent was a 27-year-old Singapore citizen with no prior criminal
record. The child was born on 14 January 2005\. His biological father
abandoned the family sometime in May 2007. At the time of the offences, the
child was living with his mother and the respondent, with whom his mother had
a relationship. His mother was undergoing divorce proceedings with the child’s
biological father, and the respondent had agreed to be the child’s stepfather
pending the divorce. Whenever the child’s mother was not around, it was the
respondent who was in charge of taking care of the child.

7 According to the child’s mother, the respondent’s relationship with the
child was initially warm, but this changed after the respondent grew
increasingly jealous of the mother’s attention towards the child. She
testified that she noticed a scar on the child’s forehead in December 2007,
which the respondent claimed the child sustained from a fall whilst running
about. She also testified that the respondent bit the child on his right
shoulder in December 2007, but claimed that it was only a “biting game” they
had been playing when she confronted him.

8 The circumstances of the offences were gleaned from the respondent’s
statements to the police. After an initial challenge to the statements through
a trial within a trial, the DJ admitted the statements and recorded the
following facts.

9 On 12 January 2008, the respondent was asked by the child’s mother to clean
the child’s diapers after he had soiled himself. After the washing, the
respondent asked the child to walk out of the bathroom so that the respondent
could dry him off with a towel. The child started to cry but stopped after
being told to keep quiet by the respondent. However, the child resumed crying
again in the midst of being dried off. This time, the respondent’s efforts at
pacifying the child failed, and he punched the child on the back of his head
in a fit of anger. These actions formed the basis of the second charge.

10 On 14 January 2008 at about 7.30am, the child’s mother left home to attend
to her divorce proceedings at the Syariah Court. The child started crying when
he saw his mother preparing to leave the house. His mother tried to pacify him
by asking him to give her a kiss and hug. He kissed and hugged her once before
she left (she testified that there were no injuries on the child at the time).
The child continued crying for another five minutes after she had left the
flat before eventually stopping. The respondent went back to sleep. Shortly
after, the child tapped the respondent on the shoulder and asked to play with
his toys. The respondent nodded in reply and the child went to the bedroom
with his toys while the respondent went back to sleep in the living room.
About 15 minutes later, the child came out from the bedroom, resumed crying
incessantly and called out for “Mummy”. The respondent tried to comfort the
child by giving him a hug but was rebuffed. The child stamped his feet and
continued calling for “Mummy”. The respondent asked the child if he wanted
milk or water, but the child did not respond and continued stamping his feet.
The respondent went to the kitchen and handed a bottle of water to the child
who pushed it away. Following this, the respondent also tried switching on the
television and playing music from the child’s “Barney CD” in an effort to
placate him, but to no avail.

11 The respondent finally gave up and began preparing his breakfast of fried
rice. Midway through his preparations, the respondent shouted at the child and
told him to go play with his toys. The child went inside the bedroom and
played with his toys while continuing to cry. At this time, the respondent had
a stomach ache and he stopped cooking. After he came out of the toilet, the
respondent sat in front of the television in an effort to “cool [himself]
down”. Within a few minutes, however, the respondent went inside the bedroom,
grabbed the child, and shouted at him in Malay, asking him why he was so
naughty. He then pointed the child towards a wall, which he previously ordered
the child to stand in front of as a form of punishment for misbehaviour. The
child cried even louder, and the respondent hit the child on his hand using
his finger, at the same time shouting “Diam” at him. The respondent then
started slapping the child using his right hand, all the while shouting
“Diam”. When the child did not stop crying, the respondent threw four or five
punches at the child’s face and forehead and jabbed upwards at the child’s
chin, before grabbing the child by the mouth with his right hand and holding
onto the child’s shoulder with his left hand, lifting him off the ground and
slamming him into the wall next to the bedroom doorframe. He did not stop
after slamming the child, but carried on slapping the child on his back, at
which point the child stopped crying. These actions formed the basis of the
first charge.

12 After this series of events, the respondent pulled down the child’s shorts
inside the bedroom and opened the top of the child’s diapers. He then grabbed
the child’s penis and shook it violently before squeezing it. He continued to
pinch and pull the child’s penis before lifting the child and biting him on
his right thigh. He proceeded to bite the child’s penis, scrotum, stomach and
nose. The respondent admitted to biting the child’s penis several times. The
shaking, grabbing and biting of the child’s genitalia formed the basis of the
third charge.

13 After these assaults on the child, the respondent found the child pale and
unresponsive. He looked for help and carried the child out to a neighbour’s
flat. The respondent said the child had stopped breathing at this time. An
ambulance was called and the victim was sent to the Kandang Kerbau Women’s and
Children’s Hospital. One of the paramedics who answered the call testified
that the respondent had his right palm over the child’s chest and was blowing
air into the child’s mouth.

14 At about 11.36am on the same day, Dr Janil Puthucheary attended to the
child and found multiple injuries of various ages – on the face, head, trunk,
limbs, abdomen, genitalia and the back. The child underwent emergency surgery.
On 18 January 2008, the child died. The autopsy conducted on 19 January 2008
showed a total of 31 injuries, including injuries on the child’s head, upper
limbs, anterior trunk, back, pubic region and genitalia, and lower limbs. The
primary cause of death was established to be from the head injuries suffered
by the child, leading to bleeding over the surface of the brain, _ie_ ,
intracranial haemorrhage.

15 After a trial lasting eight days, the DJ convicted the respondent of all
three charges. The DJ agreed with the prosecution’s submission that the
overriding sentencing imperative in this case was of deterrence, both
specifically to prevent the respondent from re-offending and in general to
send a strong and clear message to the public against the mistreatment of
young children. After considering the sentencing precedents cited by the
prosecution for offences punishable under ss 325 and 326 of the Penal Code
(see below at [20]), the DJ held that the present case of causing grievous
hurt was of a more serious nature and sentenced the respondent to six years’
imprisonment and 12 strokes of the cane for the first charge. However, no
sentencing precedent was cited by the prosecution for the CYPA offences, and
the DJ took into account precedents from _Sentencing Practice in the
Subordinate Courts_ (LexisNexis, 2nd Ed, 2003) at pp 122–124. He then
sentenced the respondent to one year’s imprisonment for each of the second and
third charges. Finally, the DJ ordered that the sentences for the first and
third charges were to run concurrently because he regarded the offences to be
committed at the same time and therefore fell within the ‘one transaction’
rule.

16 The prosecution appealed on the ground that the aggregate sentence for the
three offences was manifestly inadequate. The prosecution submitted that the
maximum penalty should have been imposed for each of the charges, and that the
sentences should run consecutively instead of concurrently.

The appropriateness of imposing the maximum penalty

The law

17 The principle for imposing the maximum prescribed punishment for any
offence is clear. It is only warranted when the particular crime belongs to
the most serious category of cases under that offence, although it need not be
restricted to the ‘worst case imaginable’: see _Sim Gek Yong v Public
Prosecutor_ [1995] 1 SLR(R) 185 at 542, [13] and _Angliss Singapore Pte Ltd v
Public Prosecutor_ [2006] 4 SLR(R) 653 where the court stated at [84]:

By imposing a sentence close to or fixed at the statutory maximum, a court
calibrates the offender’s conduct as among the worst conceivable for that
offence. In other words, when Parliament sets a statutory maximum, it signals
the gravity with which the public, through Parliament, views that particular
offence: _Cheong Siat Fong v PP_ [2005] SGHC 176 at [23]; _R v H_ (1980) 3 A
Crim R 53 at 65. Therefore, it stands to reason that sentencing judges must
take note of the maximum penalty and then apply their minds to determine
precisely where the offender’s conduct falls within the spectrum of punishment
devised by Parliament.

Therefore, even if the conduct in a particular case could have been
exacerbated in some way, the maximum penalty is still appropriate where the
conduct could be objectively characterized as belonging to the worst end of
the scale when comparing instances of that offence.

18 Death, it goes without saying, is generally the most serious consequence of
any offence and may warrant the imposition of a maximum sentence: see, for
instance, _Public Prosecutor v Fazely bin Rahmat and another_ [2003] 2 SLR(R)
184, where the (then) maximum sentence under s 325 of the Penal Code of seven
years’ imprisonment and 12 strokes of the cane was imposed for each of the two
offenders convicted of causing grievous hurt to a victim for an assault
(together with other gang members) on the victim which lead to his death. But
the consequence of death alone would not attract the maximum sentence without
more. Factors such as the manner in which the death was caused, the
relationship between the offender and the victim, the offender’s state of mind
or the offender’s motives would also go towards the weighing of whether this
particular instance fell within the worst category of cases for the offence in
question.

19 Separately, the gravity of the offence would be increased in cases
involving vulnerable victims. Children and young persons are particularly
vulnerable because they are unable to fend for themselves and require their
parents or guardians to take care of them. Any person entrusted with the care
of young children would be harshly dealt with if that trust is betrayed: see
_Purwanti Parji v Public Prosecutor_ [2005] 2 SLR(R) 220 at [30] and _Public
Prosecutor v Teo Chee Seng_ [2005] 3 SLR(R) 250 at [9].

The first charge – voluntarily causing grievous hurt

20 In relation to the first charge for voluntarily causing grievous hurt, the
DJ considered several cases under s 325 of the Penal Code involving similar
facts. First, the case of _Yap Seow Cheng v Public Prosecutor_ [2002] SGDC 261
(“ _Yap Seow Cheng_ ”), where the father of a three-month-old boy pleaded
guilty to assaulting his son in a fit of anger when he could not stop crying.
The offender slapped the victim repeatedly on both cheeks and also grabbed the
victim’s arms, resulting in the victim suffering from moderate to severe
neuro-development delay. The offender was sentenced to three years’
imprisonment and six strokes of the cane. Second, the case of _Cindy Chandra v
Public Prosecutor_ (MA 293/1996) (referred to in _Yap Seow Cheng_), where the
mother of a four-year-old girl had pleaded guilty to throwing her daughter
onto the concrete floor twice when she found that her daughter had been slow
in eating her meal. As a result, the victim became mentally retarded and
visually impaired. The offender was sentenced to four years’ imprisonment.
Third, the case of _Public Prosecutor v Rosnani bte Ismail_ (DAC 19936/2000)
(“ _Rosnani_ ”) (also cited by the court in _Yap Seow Cheng_), in which a
mentally retarded mother hit her child with a metal rice pot causing the
child’s death. The offender pleaded guilty and was sentenced to five years’
imprisonment.

21 The victim here was a three-year-old child. The respondent had agreed to be
the child’s stepfather, _ie_ , he had agreed to be the child’s care-giver and
guardian in the absence of the child’s biological father. Indeed, at the time
of the offence, the respondent was charged with taking care of the child in
the mother’s absence. But, instead of looking after the child, he lost his
temper and _repeatedly_ slapped and punched the child in the face before
slamming the child’s head into the wall. It was this head injury which led to
the intracranial haemorrhage causing the child’s death. Unlike the first two
cases discussed above where the young victims survived the assaults, the
respondent in this case had caused the death of the child when he should have
been caring for his welfare. He had not intended to cause death, but he had
intended to cause physical harm to the child.

22 Mr Derek Kang Yu Hsien, counsel for the respondent, argued that the present
facts were not so different from the case of _Rosnani_ where the victim had
also died and therefore did not warrant the imposition of the maximum
sentence. I could not agree. Although the victim in _Rosnani_ was of a similar
age and had also died as a result of the assault, the offender in _Rosnani_
was mentally retarded, and, furthermore, she had pleaded guilty upon being
charged with the offence. In stark contrast, there were no such mitigating
factors present here. There was no evidence that the respondent was in any way
mentally retarded. He had claimed trial to the three charges for which he
could not possibly have any defence without proving diminished responsibility
or insanity. His conduct was some evidence of a lack of remorse for what he
had done. The nature of the injuries caused to the child and the circumstances
in which they were inflicted put this case, in my opinion, in the worst
category of cases of causing grievous hurt.

The second and third charges – the CYPA offences

23 Turning to the offences under the CYPA, the DJ considered the following
precedents. First, in _Subagio Soeharto v Public Prosecutor_ (MA 505/1993),
five charges were preferred against the offender, who was the father of both
victims. The first victim was less than two years old and was assaulted by the
offender on four separate occasions over a period of five months. The second
victim was two and a half years old and was assaulted once. Both victims
suffered bruises on their thighs, trunks and cheeks. The offender claimed
trial and was convicted on all charges. He was sentenced to six months’
imprisonment for each of the charges, which were ordered to run consecutively
for a total of 30 months’ imprisonment. Second, in _Public Prosecutor v Tan
Meow Eng_ (DAC 25526/1997) (“ _Tan Meow Eng_ ”), the offender was the mother
of the one year and nine months old victim. When the family went on a six-day
holiday, the offender continually beat the victim on his legs whenever he
cried, refused to sleep, or was naughty. She also allowed her boyfriend to
administer sleeping pills to the victim and failed to provide him with enough
food. The offender pleaded guilty to one charge of ill-treatment under the
CYPA and was sentenced to 15 months’ imprisonment. Third, in _Mohd Iskandar
bin Abdullah v Public Prosecutor_ (MA 187/1998) (“ _Mohd Iskandar bin
Abdullah_ ”), the offender was the father of both victims. He punched the
first victim on his cheeks, and beat the second victim with his belt buckle
until the belt buckle broke off. He also kicked the second victim in the head
causing him to lose consciousness temporarily. The offender pleaded guilty to
two charges, and three other charges were taken into consideration. He was
sentenced to 18 months’ imprisonment for each charge.

24 In the present case, I agreed with Mr Kang that the sentence imposed for
the second charge, namely, the respondent’s punching of the child on 12
January 2008, was not manifestly inadequate. The offence constituted a one-off
instance of abuse as compared to the series of acts comprising the ill-
treatment seen in _Tan Meow Eng_ and _Mohd Iskandar bin Abdullah_ above.
Additionally, the injury suffered was not so serious that it could be
characterized as belonging to the worst category of offences under s 5(1) of
the CYPA.

25 However, the same could not be said of the third charge, _ie_ , the
respondent’s shaking, grabbing and biting of the child’s private parts. While
the offence was not carried out over a prolonged period of time and might have
been the result of the respondent’s lack of self-control, the fact remained
that the respondent engaged in an especially perverse form of child abuse when
he did what he did. This particular offence exhibited an extreme degree of
perverted violence. A child’s genital area is vastly more vulnerable than say,
his arms or his buttocks, and the pain inflicted by his depraved biting of the
child’s genitalia would likely be more severe than if another part of the
child’s body was bitten. This continued assault on the child’s private parts
could not readily be compared to more common forms of violence against
children such as caning or beating on the arms, legs, or body. It revealed a
senseless brutality which must be punished by a corresponding severity. Thus,
it was my view that the third charge should properly be characterized as one
of the worst cases of its kind. I therefore increased the sentence imposed for
this charge from one year’s imprisonment to four years’ imprisonment instead.

The ‘one transaction’ rule

26 On appeal, the prosecution did not challenge that the ‘one transaction’
rule was applicable. Instead, the prosecution argued that the rule was not a
rigid one and should be ignored in this case due to the gravity of the
offences. On the other hand, Mr Kang argued that the offence committed with
respect to the third charge was not sufficiently serious to justify a
departure from the general principles governing offences in the same
transaction.

27 The ‘one transaction’ rule, together with the totality principle, provides
a useful guide for the court to assess whether concurrent or consecutive
sentences should be imposed when an offender has done a criminal act or acts
which have resulted in a plurality of offences. A related principle that
should be borne in mind is where an offender is convicted of various offences
arising from what is essentially one incident, his overall sentence should
reflect his role and culpability in the incident as a whole _. The rationale
underpinning these principles is that of proportionality in punishment_ : see
_Jeffery bin Abdullah v Public Prosecutor_ [2009] 3 SLR(R) 414 at [16] and
_Public Prosecutor v Law Aik Meng_ [2007] 2 SLR(R) 814 (“ _Law Aik Meng_ ”) at
[60].

28 Put simply, the essence of the ‘one transaction’ rule is that where two or
more offences are committed in the course of a single transaction, all
sentences in respect of these offences should be concurrent rather than
consecutive (the rule is, however, subject to the qualification in s 18 of the
Criminal Procedure Code (Cap 68, 1985 Rev Ed) in Singapore). The English Court
of Appeal observed in _Peter John Kastercum v R_ (1972) 56 Cr App R 298 at
299–300 that:

[W]here several offences are tried together and arise out of the same
transaction, it is a good working rule that the sentences imposed for those
offences should be made concurrent. _The reason for that is because if a man
is charged with several serious offences arising out of the same situation and
consecutive sentences are imposed, the total very often proves to be much too
great for the incident in question. That is only an ordinary working rule_ ;
it is perfectly open to a trial judge in a case such as the present to
approach this in one of two ways. If he thinks that the assault on the police
officer is really part and parcel of the original offence and is to be treated
as an aggravation of the original offence, he can reflect it in the sentence
for the original offence. If he does that, it is logical and right that any
separate sentence for the assault should be made concurrent. On the other
hand, and, as this Court thinks, a better course, in cases where an offender
assaults the police in an effort to escape, the sentence for the principal
offence can be fixed independently of the assault on the constable, and the
assault on the constable can be dealt with by a separate and consecutive
sentence. [emphasis added]

This approach was approved by the Court of Appeal in _V Murugesan v Public
Prosecutor_ [2006] 1 SLR(R) 388 (“ _Murugesan_ ”) at [34]. In _Law Aik Meng_ ,
the court also endorsed Prof Andrew Ashworth’s remarks in _Sentencing and
Criminal Justice_ (Cambridge University Press, 4th Ed, 2005) at p 244 that the
‘one transaction’ rule “seems to be little more than a pragmatic device for
limiting overall sentences rather than a reflection of a sharp category
distinction”, which consequently hindered the definition of what constituted a
single transaction (at [56]). In that sense, the rule is really just another
way of formulating the totality principle.

29 A competing concern is that offenders, in the knowledge that they would not
face consecutive sentences, would have no reason to stop and avoid committing
a further similar offence that could be classified as part of the same
transaction. However, because the rule is not a rigid one, the court may in
appropriate circumstances impose consecutive sentences despite the offences
forming one transaction: see _Murugesan_ at [33]–[35] and _Kanagasuntharam v
Public Prosecutor_ [1991] 2 SLR(R) 874, in which the Court of Appeal stated
that (at [6]):

The general rule, however, is not an absolute rule. The English courts have
recognized that there are situations where consecutive sentences are necessary
to discourage the type of criminal conduct being punished: see _R v Faulkner …
, R v Wheatley…_ and _R v Skinner…_ . The applicability of the exception is
said to depend on the facts of the case and the circumstances of the offence.
It is stated in broad and general terms and although it may be criticized as
vague, it is necessarily in such terms in order that the sentencer may impose
an appropriate sentence in each particular case upon each particular offender
at the particular time the case is heard.

30 As was acknowledged in _Law Aik Meng_ , the difficulty arises in defining
what exactly constitutes a single transaction. The court there took the
general approach of considering proximity in time and proximity in type of
offence to determine if the offences formed a single transaction (citing with
approval Prof Ashworth in _Sentencing and Criminal Justice_ at p 245 and also
Dr D A Thomas in _Principles of Sentencing_ (Heinemann, 2nd Ed, 1979) at p
54). Earlier, the Court of Appeal in _Tse Po Chung Nathan and another v Public
Prosecutor_ [1993] 1 SLR(R) 308 at [31] had also accepted that factors such as
proximity of time, unity of place, unity of purpose or design and continuity
of action would determine if offences formed part of the same transaction. The
court cited with approval _B B Mitra on the Code of Criminal Procedure, 1973_
(Kama Law House, 16th Ed, 1987) at p 1385 that “[i]t is not the distance nor
the proximity of time which is so essential in order to consider what is “the
same transaction” as the continuity of action and purpose”.

31 Recent case law illustrates the uncertain boundaries of the ‘one
transaction’ principle. In _Murugesan_ , the offender had, _inter alia_ ,
abducted and raped the victim. The Court of Appeal held that “[t]he abduction
was for the purposes of having illicit intercourse with the victim and it was
really part and parcel of the rape” (at [35]). The court also cited the
English Court of Criminal Appeal case of _R v Torr_ [1966] 1 All ER 178 at
180:

[A]s both charges arise out of precisely the same facts and involve, so to
speak, exactly the same criminality on the part of the appellant, there was no
possible reason for passing consecutive sentences.

Accordingly, the sentences for the rape charge and the abduction charge were
ordered to run concurrently.

32 Similarly, in _Mohamad Iskandar bin Basri v Public Prosecutor_ [2006] 4
SLR(R) 440 (“ _Mohamad Iskandar bin Basri_ ”), a fire fighter driving a fire
fighting vehicle to the site of a fire failed to stop at a cross junction
while the traffic lights were red against him and collided with a taxi,
resulting in the death of one of the three passengers in the taxi. He pleaded
guilty to three charges: (a) doing a rash act not amounting to culpable
homicide by failing to conform to the traffic signal; (b) causing grievous
hurt by acting so rashly as to endanger human life; and (c) causing hurt by
acting so rashly as to endanger the personal safety of others. The court found
that the ‘one transaction’ rule applied because the injuries caused “all
stemmed from one act of rashness and not a series of such acts” (at [29]).

33 On the other hand, in _Law Aik Meng_ , the court found that the ‘one
transaction’ rule did not apply. In that case, the offender, with his
accomplices, had committed theft of cash against a single victim, the
Development Bank of Singapore Limited, by stealing from three different
automated teller machines across Singapore over a period of five weeks.
However, because there was no proximity of time between the various instances
of theft, the court ruled that the offences did not form part of the same
transaction, although in any case the gravity of the offences involved
justified a departure from the rule (at [56]).

34 Likewise, in _Public Prosecutor v Lee Cheow Loong Charles_ [2008] 4 SLR(R)
961, I held that the mere fact that an accused committed several distinct
offences in a short span of time did not mean the ‘one transaction’ rule
applied. In that case, the accused had been disqualified from driving.
However, in blatant disregard of the ban, the accused drove, in excess of the
speed limit, and hit an elderly pedestrian at a signalised crossing. He then
drove off without rendering any assistance to her. The accused pleaded guilty
to essentially three groups of offences, namely, causing death by a rash act,
driving while disqualified, and failing to render assistance after a fatal
accident. There, I found that the district judge at trial had implicitly
considered the offences to arise from the same transaction, which contributed
to the inadequacy of the sentences imposed. On appeal, I held that each of
those groups of offences were distinct and separate, both factually and
conceptually, from the other groups of offences, because each group was in
itself serious, and more importantly did not necessarily or inevitably flow
from the other groups of offences (at [24]). There was present an element of
control with respect to some of the offences which were committed serially and
were committed separately from the others. Thus, there was no basis for the
application of the ‘one transaction’ rule in such a situation (although the
rule would, separately, be applicable to the charge of failing to render
assistance and another charge of failing to stop a vehicle after a road
traffic accident, which charge was taken into consideration).

35 The facts of the present appeal do not lend themselves to easy
classification. Unlike the situation in _Law Aik Meng_ , there was clearly
proximity of time between the conduct forming the first and third charges
against the same victim. Indeed, that was the basis of the DJ’s decision to
apply the ‘one transaction’ rule. Nonetheless, proximity of time alone would
not tie two otherwise distinct offences into one transaction, although I noted
that the offences were, in a sense, similar in nature. They were not, however,
exactly the same type of behaviour in nature. The series of blows forming the
first charge led to the head injuries which endangered the child’s life,
eventually leading to his death by intracranial haemorrhage. On the other
hand, the second set of blows to the child’s genitalia were separated in time
(albeit briefly) as they were perpetrated _after_ the first set of blows, and
did not endanger the child’s life although it caused the child extreme pain
and trauma.

36 Since the injuries to the child’s genitalia did not cause the child’s
death, the respondent’s shaking, grabbing and biting of the child’s genitalia
could be said to be distinct and severable from the first charge. But this
offence need not have been committed at all if he did not want to commit it
This was not a situation where the _same set of blows_ formed the facts behind
a charge of causing grievous hurt and a charge of ill-treatment of a child; as
contrasted with the situation in _Mohamad Iskandar bin Basri_ where a single
rash act formed the basis for three separate offences. Despite the similarity
between the first and third charges, they arose from different facts. A
further distinction may be drawn with the situation where an offender abducts
a victim and then rapes her, such as in _Murugesan_. There, the abduction was
for the purpose of illicit intercourse, and was appropriately characterized by
the court as part and parcel of the second offence. Here, the first charge
would not seem to be part and parcel of the third charge. The child had
stopped crying after being slammed against the wall. The original impetus
prompting the respondent’s outrageous outburst was removed, and there was no
fresh grievance which could have sparked off the respondent’s rage after the
child had stopped crying. At this point, the respondent failed to stop his
attack but instead made the decision to remove the child’s shorts and abuse
his genitalia. He need not have committed the third offence if he did not want
to commit it. The two criminal acts were separate and distinct.

37 Hence, at the moment the respondent failed to stop, his subsequent actions
should not be viewed as part of the same set of facts. Characterizing the
respondent’s actions as one transaction would also mean a similar offender in
the same position would have no incentive to stop an attack on the child, even
after endangering the child’s life, because such further attack would not
attract a further imprisonment term.

38 For these reasons, I was not convinced that the respondent’s actions in the
first and third charges were part of the same transaction. The boundaries of
what constitutes one transaction are admittedly difficult to pin down and, as
is commonly observed, much would depend on the circumstances surrounding the
commission of the offences. Ultimately, any analysis must take a
commonsensical view as to what forms part of a single transaction. In any
case, however, the rule is not absolute. Here, the injuries inflicted by the
respondent were numerous, grave and perverse (as the autopsy report shows, 31
injuries were found throughout the child’s body). The respondent’s punch
inflicted on 12 January 2008 was not even the first time the respondent had
raised his hand against the child, but part of a pattern of abuse. The
respondent, who was the victim’s _de facto_ guardian, had used excessive force
over a period of time and in a vicious manner on a vulnerable victim who was
unable to retaliate or defend himself. His repugnant conduct tragically
resulted in the death of an innocent child. This was without doubt one of the
worst cases of child abuse in Singapore. Thus, even if the offences may have
appeared to be part of the same transaction, I was of the view that the facts
of this case called for the imposition of consecutive, rather than concurrent,
sentences.

Conclusion

39 In the circumstances, I allowed the appeal in part and substituted the
sentences imposed by the DJ as follows:

(a) DAC 40614/2008 – seven years’ imprisonment and 12 strokes of the cane;

(b) DAC 40615/2008 – one year’s imprisonment; and

(c) DAC 40616/2008 – four years’ imprisonment.

I ordered all three sentences to run consecutively, with the aggregate
sentence of 12 years’ imprisonment and 12 strokes of the cane to run from the
date of remand on 16 January 2008.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 17 Mar 2010 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

