Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Xing Rong Pte Ltd (Formerly known as Huadi Projects Pte Ltd) _v_
Visionhealthone Corporation Pte Ltd  
[2010] SGCA 30

Case Number| :| Civil Appeal No 14 of 2010  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 26 August 2010  
Tribunal/Court| :| Court of Appeal  
Coram| :|  Chao Hick Tin JA; Andrew Phang Boon Leong JA  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Eric Tin Keng Seng, Gooi Chi Duan, Kang Yixian and
Jessica Soo (Donaldson & Burkinshaw) for the Appellant; Dinesh Dhillon and Lim
Dao Kai (Allen & Gledhill LLP) for the Respondent.  
Parties| :|  Xing Rong Pte Ltd (Formerly known as Huadi Projects Pte Ltd) —
Visionhealthone Corporation Pte Ltd  
  
[LawNet Editorial Note: The decision from which this appeal arose is reported
at [2010] 3 SLR 97.]

26 August 2010|  
---|---  
  
Chao Hick Tin JA (delivering the grounds of decision of the court):

Introduction

1 The appellant, Xing Rong Pte Ltd (“Xing Rong”), appealed against the
decision of the judge below (“the Judge”), who had struck out its appeal
against the decision of the Assistant Registrar (“the AR”) in Summons No 5937
of 2009 where the AR granted the discovery application that the respondent,
Visionhealthone Corporation Pte Ltd (“VHO”), had applied for against the Bank
of China Ltd (“BOC”), a non–party to the present proceedings (“the Discovery
Application”). We allowed the appeal against the Judge’s decision on the
striking out order but as we also found that the AR was justified in granting
the Discovery Application, we dismissed the appeal against the AR’s decision.
We now give the grounds for our decision.

Background

2 The Discovery Application was made in relation to Suit No 678 of 2009 (“the
Suit”). In the Suit, VHO claimed S$2.125 million (“the Sum”) from Xing Rong on
the basis of an agreement dated 18 October 2003 (“the Agreement”) with Xing
Rong to establish a network of medical facilities in and outside China (“the
Joint Venture”). The funds for the Joint Venture were to be provided solely by
VHO.

3 VHO claimed that, between December 2003 and January 2004, it remitted the
Sum to Xing Rong’s bank account with BOC (“the Account”). It asserted that it
was induced to remit the sum to Xing Rong through the latter’s and/or the
latter’s representative’s fraudulent misrepresentations that the Sum was
required for the purposes of the Joint Venture

4 Prior to March 2007, Xing Rong represented that, in or around 2004, it had
in turn remitted the Sum to a third-party Chinese company, Fuzhou Huadi Hebang
Construction Renovation Engineering Company Ltd (“FHH”) for the purposes of
the Joint Venture. However, the FHH financial records obtained by VHO did not
reflect the receipt of the sum by FHH.

5 Xing Rong, while admitting that it had received the Sum, alleged that the
Sum was received pursuant to a currency exchange transaction with VHO and not
pursuant to any joint venture.

6 In the Suit, VHO sought, _inter alia_ , to recover the Sum from Xing Rong,
as well as the production of all necessary accounts and enquiries relating to
the movements of the Sum. Thus, Xing Rong was asked to furnish the relevant
bank statements that evidenced the movements of the Sum. However, it claimed
that the documents sought by VHO were not in its possession.

7 In view of Xing Rong’s claim that it did not have the bank statements in
question, VHO sought the production of documents from BOC relating to and/or
evidencing the movements of the Sum, or any part thereof, into and out of the
Account.

8 At the hearing of the Discovery Application against BOC, BOC left it to the
court to decide whether it should produce the required documents. However,
Xing Rong, which had been served with the papers relating to the Discovery
Application, opposed the said application. After hearing the parties, the AR
granted VHO’s application and ordered that it be allowed to inspect and take
copies of certain documents in BOC’s possession (“the Discovery Order”). The
discovery ordered related to the following documents (“the Ordered
Documents”):

All bank statements, cheques, remittance slips, receipts, transfer
instructions and correspondence relating to and/or evidencing the movements of
the sum of S$2,125,000.00, which was deposited into account no. 012XXXXXXXX
(the “**Account** ”) of Xing Rong Pte Ltd (formerly known as Huadi Projects
Pte Ltd) with Bank of China Limited by way of:

1\. OCBC cheque no. 749325 dated 23 December 2003 for the sum of S$400,000.00;

2\. UOB cheque no. 642852 dated 23 December 2003 for the sum of
S$1,100,000.00; and

3\. UOB cheque no. 642853 dated 10 January 2004 for the sum of S$625,000.00,

into and out of the Account.

9 BOC, which was the party subject to the Discovery Order, did not appeal
against the Discovery Order within the relevant time frame (_ie_ , by 14
December 2009). However, Xing Rong, which was dissatisfied with the AR’s
ruling, filed a notice of appeal on 1 December 2009 against the Discovery
Order by way of Registrar’s Appeal No 449 of 2009 (“the Registrar’s Appeal”).

10 On 4 December 2009, VHO applied, by way of Summons No 6230 of 2009, to
strike out the Registrar’s Appeal (“the Striking Out Application”) on the
ground that Xing Rong had no _locus standi_ to bring the Registrar’s Appeal
since there was no issue between VHO and Xing Rong with respect to the
discovery in question.

11 On 11 January 2010, the Judge, on hearing the Striking Out Application,
accepted VHO’s contention and struck out Xing Rong’s appeal.

12 On 9 February 2010, Xing Rong filed an appeal against the Judge’s decision.

The Judge’s Decision

13 The Judge allowed the Striking Out Application on three grounds:

(a) Xing Rong lacked the _locus standi_ to appeal against the Discovery Order
as its personal interests were neither affected nor aggrieved by it. Moreover,
it was neither a party to the Discovery Application nor the subject of the
Discovery Order.

(b) As BOC had not filed any appeal against the Discovery Order within the
prescribed time limit, the Discovery Order was perfected between VHO and BOC.
Thus, the doctrine of _res judicata_ precluded Xing Rong from filing an appeal
against the Discovery Order.

(c) In any event, Xing Rong’s appeal had no substantive merits as the Ordered
Documents were relevant and necessary to the fair disposal of the Suit.

The Appeal

14 The issues in the appeal before this court were:

(a)

Whether Xing Rong had _locus standi_ to appeal against the Discovery Order;

(b)

Whether, given the fact that BOC did not file any appeal against the Discovery
Order, the Order had been perfected such that Xing Rong was precluded, on the
basis of the doctrine of _res judicata_ , from filing any appeal against the
Order; and

(c)

Whether the appeal against the AR’s decision should, even if Xing Rong had
_locus standi_ to file the appeal, have been struck out on the basis that it
lacked substantive merit.

Whether Xing Rong had _locus standi_ to appeal against the Discovery Order

15 The relevant part of O 24 r 6 of the Rules of Court (Cap 322, R5, 2006 Rev
Ed) (“the Rules”) concerning discovery of documents provides that:

(1) An application for an order for the discovery of documents before the
commencement of proceedings shall be made by originating summons and the
person against whom the order is sought shall be made defendant to the
originating summons.

(2) An application after the commencement of proceedings for an order for the
discovery of documents by a person who is not a party to the proceedings shall
be made by summons, which must be served on that person personally and on
every party to the proceedings.

…

(8) For the purpose of Rules 10 and 11, an application for an order under this
Rule shall be treated as a cause or matter between the applicant and the
person against whom the order is sought.

16 After considering the relevant sections of O 24 r 6 of the Rules, the Judge
set out, at [19] of his Grounds of Decision (“the GD”), the requirements that
needed to be fulfilled before a party could demonstrate that it had _locus
standi_ to file an appeal against an order as follows:

(a) One has to show that one is affected or aggrieved by the court order and
therefore has a personal interest in seeking variation or release from the
said order.

(b) Further and in addition to that, where it is in the nature of an appeal,
the Judge took the view that the appellant must generally be a party to the
application below that gave rise to the orders that form the subject of his
appeal before he has standing to appeal against those orders.

17 In our view, insofar as proposition (a) is concerned, Xing Rong had shown
that it had a legitimate interest in the subject matter of the Discovery Order
as well as a corresponding right to ensure that information relating to its
bank account with BOC was not divulged without proper cause.

18 As for the reasoning behind the Judge’s proposition (b), he stated in the
GD, at [17], that the wording of O 24 r 6 (1), (2), and (8) of the Rules
indicates that an order for non-party discovery is directed solely against the
non-party from whom discovery is sought (_ie_ , it is clearly envisaged that
an application for non-party discovery is a matter exclusively between the
applicant and the non-party respondent). In addition, he stated, at [18] of
the GD, that the fact that Xing Rong was served with the application for non-
party discovery and that Xing Rong was heard by the AR did not _ipso facto_
confer it _locus standi_ to file an appeal.

19 With respect, we were unable to accept the Judge’s reasoning. O 24 r 6(2)
of the Rules provides that a discovery application must be made by way of
summons, which must be served on _every party to the proceedings_. This must
mean that every party to the proceedings has _locus standi_ to make
submissions where its interests in the main suit may be affected by the court
order on the discovery of documents. Insofar as Xing Rong, a defendant in the
main suit, was concerned, the discovery related to its bank account with BOC
and thus it had every right to oppose the Discovery Application at the hearing
before the AR.

20 If Xing Rong was entitled to be heard at the application before the AR to
oppose it, it should also be entitled to appeal against a decision that did
not favour its arguments. It must be borne in mind that in an application such
as this, the bank against whom the discovery is sought will invariably, as was
the case here, take a neutral stand as it normally will have no direct
interest in the matter and will abide by whatever order the court may deem fit
to make. If it were the case that Xing Rong had no _locus standi_ to appeal
against an adverse order of the AR, then an anomaly would arise. While VHO
could have three bites of the cherry (as it could argue its case before the
AR; appeal to the High Court if it were unsuccessful; and appeal again to the
Court of Appeal if it were still unsuccessful), Xing Rong could only have one
bite of the cherry (namely to argue its case at the hearing before the AR). It
is unimaginable that the law should so discriminate between the parties.
Moreover, on the Judge’s holding, a question could be raised as to whether
Xing Rong would have the right to appear and oppose an appeal if it was VHO
that was appealing to the High Court. The answer must obviously be yes. And if
Xing Rong could oppose an appeal by VHO, why could it not then file an appeal
against an unfavourable AR order? If a party has the right to appear and
oppose an application, it should follow that he or she should also have the
right of pursuing the matter further on appeal in accordance with the general
law. It seemed to us that the Judge fell into error in thinking that just
because the Discovery Order was not directed against Xing Rong, it must
therefore follow that its interests were not affected by the order (see [14]
above). This is clearly a much too narrow, and indeed unrealistic, view of the
situation. We have not been able to find any reported decision in any common
law country which supported this narrow view.

21 Quite clearly a party to the main suit is entitled to object to a discovery
application sought by the other party against it. By logical extension, the
same rule must apply when the discovery order is sought against someone who is
not a party to the proceedings because that order could likewise affect the
interests of the party or parties to the main suit. It seems to us that _locus
standi_ is not the correct issue to raise when a party to the main action
wishes to appeal a discovery order made against a third party to the main
action. The real matter to be determined on such an appeal are the merits of
the case (_ie_ , whether the appellant has shown a real interest in the
documents sought and whether there are sufficient grounds to say that the
discovery order issued is wrong).

Whether the Discovery Order is _res judicata_

22 The Judge noted, at [28] of the GD, that even if Xing Rong had standing to
appeal against the AR’s decision and succeeded in its appeal, it would not be
able to reap the fruits of the appeal because the Discovery Order was _res
judicata_ as between VHO and BOC.

23 In ruling that the Discovery Order was _res judicata_ , the Judge had
assumed that Xing Rong had no _locus standi_ to appeal against the AR’s
decision. Hence, he relied on _Nike International Ltd and another v Campomar
SL_ [2005] 4 SLR(R) 76 at [40] for the proposition that a decision which is
not appealed against by a party entitled to do so is _res judicata_. However,
this was not the case here as we found that Xing Rong was entitled to appeal
against the AR’s decision.

24 The Judge also relied on _Teo Chee Yeow Aloysius and another v Tan Harry
and another_ [2004] 3 SLR(R) 588. In that case, it was held that two co-
defendants who had both successfully appealed against an award of damages
assessed by an Assistant Registrar, but had appealed under different heads of
damages, were not entitled to the benefits of each other’s success (_ie_ ,
they could only benefit from the decision with respect to the head of damages
which formed the subject matter of their own appeals). However, this reasoning
was inapplicable to the present case, as Xing Rong was not seeking to benefit
from the successful appeal of another party.

25 In short, as the question of _res judicata_ did not arise, Xing Rong was
not precluded from filing an appeal against the AR’s decision.

Whether the Judge was correct in striking out the Registrar’s Appeal based on
a lack of substantive merit

26 The principles concerning the striking out of a notice of appeal were
outlined by the Court of Appeal in _Riduan bin Yusof v Khng Thian Huat and
another_ [2005] 2 SLR(R) 188 (“ _Riduan_ ”) as follows at [17] and [21]:

17 The principles applicable to striking out notices of appeal are stated in
_Singapore Civil Procedure 2003_ (Sweet & Maxwell Asia, 2003) (“the White
Book”) at para 57/3/7:

The Court of Appeal has the inherent jurisdiction to strike out a notice of
appeal where an appeal is plainly not competent (see _Aviagents Ltd v.
Balstravest Investments Ltd_ [1955] 1 W.L.R. 150; [1966] 1 All E.R. 450; or
where the appeal is frivolous, vexatious or an abuse of the process of the
court (see _Burgess v. Stafford Hotel Ltd_ [1990] 1 W.L.R. 1215; [1990] 3 All
E.R. 222). An appeal can be struck out in the exercise of that jurisdiction,
if there is no possibility that the grounds of appeal are capable of argument.

…

21 A court will only exercise its power to strike out notices of appeal in
“clear and obvious cases”…

27 The burden of showing that it is clear and obvious that a notice to appeal
should be struck off lies with the party seeking to strike out the notice,
which was VHO in the present case.

28 The Judge stated, at [47] of the GD, that he struck out the appeal because
apart from Xing Rong’s lack of _locus standi_ to file the appeal, the said
appeal “lacked substantive merit” in any event. However, for an appeal to be
struck out, what is required is that there is “no possibility that the grounds
of appeal are capable of argument” or that the appeal is “plainly not
competent”, and not that the appeal lacks substantive merit. Indeed, the
Judge’s finding that the “appeal lacked substantive merit” indicates that he
had considered the merits of the case before deciding to strike out the
application. What is also noteworthy is that the Judge did not make a finding
that there was “no possibility that the grounds of appeal (were) capable of
argument” or that the appeal was “plainly not competent”.

29 In view of the circumstances, the Judge should have dismissed the striking
out application and proceeded to hear Xing Rong’s appeal, in which case, he
would have been entitled to dismiss the appeal on the ground that it lacked
substantive merit.

Whether the matter should be remitted to the Judge or any other judge for
consideration of the merits of the appeal

30 As the Judge should not have struck out Xing Rong’s appeal against the AR’s
decision, a question arose as to whether the matter should be remitted to him
or to any other judge to consider the merits of the said appeal. In its notice
of appeal, Xing Rong stated that it was dissatisfied with the Judge’s decision
in the striking out application as well as the Registrar’s Appeal. In view of
this, it seemed to us that it would be expedient and much judicial time would
be saved if the Registrar’s Appeal was considered at this juncture so that the
parties could thereafter focus on the trial rather than be bogged down by
further interlocutory appeals.

31 In fact, the Judge did consider the merits of the case and the crux of the
present case was whether the Ordered Documents were relevant to the
proceedings in the main action, and necessary for the fair disposal of the
case. There was no doubt that the Ordered Documents are very relevant and
necessary for the disposal of the main suit. As the Judge explained in the GD
at [44] and [45]:

44 ... The Ordered Documents _were vital in establishing and resolving the
disputed issues raised in the main suit_. Apart from substantiating the claim
that there in fact was a receipt of such Sum (which was admitted by the 2nd
Defendant), _the Discovery Order also served a wider facilitative purpose in
allowing early disclosure of documents crucial to the main suit itself_. For
instance, if upon trial it was found that the Plaintiff’s version of facts was
in fact true and correct, _ie_. that the Sum was paid under the Cooperation
Agreement, the Ordered Documents would provide useful information pertaining
to the onward application of the Sum by the 2nd Defendant by allowing the
court to trace its whereabouts since the transfer of the Sum into the 2nd
Defendant’s account, including whether or not the Sum was in fact subsequently
paid over to FHH as represented by the 2nd Defendant in order to establish a
medical facilities network in and outside China pursuant to the joint venture.
This would assist the court in effectively determining the liability of the
2nd Defendant under the Cooperation Agreement (if any).

45 In the event that the Sum was found to have been paid to the 2nd Defendant
pursuant to a currency exchange transaction, there is no apparent prejudice in
disclosing the Ordered Documents in respect of the 2nd Defendant’s account.
The movement of the Sum that the Plaintiff was allowed to question and
scrutinise was limited only to those flowing from those cheques delineated by
the AR (see [11] above). The Discovery Order was not by any means a blanket
permission to intrude into the financial status and activities of the 2nd
Defendant. The Discovery Order allowed only disclosure of documents that were
necessary for the Plaintiff to establish its claim. It was never intended to
warrant a fishing expedition on the Plaintiff’s part. Hence, details of the
2nd Defendant’s use of its other financial resources would not by way of the
Discovery Order be exposed. As such, the financial interests of the 2nd
Defendant were sufficiently safeguarded.

[emphasis added]

32 We agreed with the Judge’s views on the relevance and necessity of the
Ordered Documents for the fair disposal of the suit. It is pertinent to note
that when requested by VHO to produce the Ordered Documents, Xing Rong did not
say that they were not relevant or necessary. Instead, it merely stated that
it did not have the Ordered Documents.

33 As the Ordered Documents were relevant and necessary for the disposal of
the main action, the AR’s decision to allow the Discovery Application was
undoubtedly correct and should not be disturbed. As such, we dismissed the
Registrar’s Appeal.

Costs

34 While Xing Rong succeeded in having the striking out of its appeal set
aside, the whole exercise had been futile as it was very obvious that the
Ordered Documents are relevant and necessary for the disposal of the main
action. As such, we ordered that each party should bear its own costs with
regard to both this appeal and the hearing before the High Court.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 26 Aug 2010 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

