Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  E C Investment Holding Pte Ltd _v_ Ridout Residence Pte Ltd and another
(Orion Oil Limited and another, Interveners)  
[2010] SGHC 270

Case Number| :| Originating Summons No 1357 of 2009  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 15 September 2010  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Quentin Loh J  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Lee Eng Beng, SC, Disa Sim and Jonathan Lee (Rajah &
Tann) for the plaintiff; Tan Cheng Han, SC and P Balachandran (Robert Wang &
Woo LLC) for the first defendant; Phua Siow Choon (Michael B B Ong & Co) for
the second defendant; Kelvin Tan Teck San (Drew & Napier) for first
intervener; Alvin Yeo, SC and Melvin Lum (WongPartnership LLP) for second
intervener; Kabir Singh (Clifford Chance) for instructing solicitors.  
Parties| :|  E C Investment Holding Pte Ltd — Ridout Residence Pte Ltd and
another (Orion Oil Limited and another, Interveners)  
  
15 September 2010| Judgment reserved.  
---|---  
  
Quentin Loh J:

Background

1 39A Ridout Road, Singapore, (the “Property”), is a rectangular plot of land
comprising some 40,600 square feet, or 3779 square metres, in a good class
bungalow area. A two-storey house together with a swimming pool and tennis
court sits on this elevated plot with good frontage of about 170 feet, (52
metres), along Ridout Road and a generous depth of 240 feet, (73 metres).

2 The 1st Defendant, a company incorporated in Singapore, is the registered
proprietor of the Property. Mr Agus Anwar, (“AA”), is its only director and
shareholder. The 2nd Defendant, Hong Leong Finance Ltd, (“HLF”), is a
mortgagee having provided credit facilities of $30 million to AA to finance
the purchase of the Property and for AA’s share trades. HLF registered its
mortgage over the Property on 18 September 2006. Mr Phua Siow Choon, for HLF,
informed me that as of 16 July 2010, the sum outstanding to the 2nd Defendant
was $20,346,252.42 and interest was accumulating at about $5,408 a day.

3 Two parties are claiming specific performance of the sale of the Property to
them:

(a) the Plaintiff, EC Investment Holding Pte Ltd, claims specific performance
of the sale of the Property to it under an Option dated 5 June 2009, (the “1st
Option”), for a purchase price of $20 million; and

(b) the 2nd Intervener, Mr Thomas Chan Ho Lam, (“TC”), also asks for specific
performance of the sale of the Property to him under an Option dated 7 October
2009, (the “2nd Option”), but at a purchase price of $37 million.

4 The 1st Intervener, Orion Oil Ltd, a BVI company, (“Orion”), claims an
interest in the proceedings by virtue of its charge registered against the 1st
Defendant pursuant to a Deed of Charge dated 24 September 2008 over the
proceeds of sale of the Property. Orion says it made a loan of $10 million to
AA pursuant to a loan agreement dated 22 September 2008 and it is secured by
the Deed of Charge given by the 1st Defendant.

Mr Agus Anwar’s Financial Woes

5 From his affidavit dated 23 December 2009, (set out in 2.AB pp 400-461), in
separate proceedings, (OSB No 58/2009/V), AA appears to have been a man of
some means. He was originally an Indonesian citizen and businessman, holding a
Masters in Mechanical Engineering from Fachhochschule Dusseldorf, Germany. At
one time he was a significant shareholder in two Indonesian banks, PT Bank
Kredit Asia and PT Bank Pelita, but in the 1997 financial meltdown, there was
a run on “his” banks and they were taken over by an Indonesian Government
agency known as IBRA in 1998. AA came to Singapore in 2000 to start on a clean
slate. In 2004 he became a Singapore citizen. Having worked in the financial
sector for most of his working life, AA became an investor in several
companies. This included acquiring a 28% stake in the Singapore Petroleum
Company in 2003 through his own company, Kapital Asia Co. Ltd, (“Kapital
Asia”), and a substantial stake in Keppel Telecommunications and
Transportation Ltd as well as coal mines in Indonesia.

6 AA purchased the Property in September 2006 for $28 million. He put up $11
million and the stamp duty of over $744,000 from his own funds and took the
balance $17 million from a facility of $30 million extended to him by HLF
earlier in June 2006. As noted above, HLF registered its mortgage over the
Property in September 2006.

7 On 16 May 2008, HLF recalled the loan and terminated their facility. Payment
was not forthcoming and HLF eventually commenced OS No. 1458 of 2008/A,
obtaining an Order of Court on 2 February 2009 for the 1st Defendant to
deliver vacant possession of the Property and for AA to pay the $20,742,627.50
that was due as of 12 November 2008 under the mortgage. AA was coming under
increasing financial pressure. His investments were then badly hit by the
global financial crisis sparked off by the collapse of Lehman Brothers in
September 2008. AA made partial payment of $505,847 in March 2009 and $1.35
million over April and May 2009\. In May 2009, HLF was pressing AA to reduce
his outstanding loan of $19.638 million to $18 million.

8 It was within this context that AA came to give the 1st Option to the
Plaintiff. This will be dealt with in greater detail below.

9 HLF filed a Writ of Possession on 22 September 2009 and vacant possession of
the Property was delivered to HLF on 22 October 2009. There were a number of
abortive attempts to auction off the Property but I was told by counsel during
the interlocutory stages that the auction, after the grant of the 1st Option,
was put off because there were certain assurances from the Plaintiff to HLF
that the Plaintiff will make good any shortfall from the 1st Defendant for the
outstanding loan. I was told by counsel during the hearing that this assurance
is no longer there, presumably because this matter went into full blown
litigation with rival claims being made. In any case, HLF have their security
and no purchaser can get unencumbered title unless HLF’s mortgage is
discharged.

Mr Anwar’s Section 45 Bankruptcy Act Individual Voluntary Arrangement

10 It is necessary to deal with an intervening development. At an
interlocutory hearing on 18 May 2010, I was told by counsel for the 1st
Defendant, Prof Tan Cheng Han SC, that a Court Order had just been made under
section 45 of the Bankruptcy Act (Cap 20, 2009 Rev Ed) (the “Bankruptcy Act”),
ordering all matters against AA to be stayed for 42 days. Prof. Tan SC had
been shown a copy of a trust deed stating that the 1st Defendant was holding
the Property on trust for AA. Mr Alvin Yeo SC, counsel for TC and who was
applying for an interim injunction, took the position that the facts
surrounding the trust deed should certainly be investigated and he for one
wanted to inspect the same. I ordered, _inter alia_ , that the 1st Defendant’s
team secure copies of this trust deed and circulate copies to all counsel to
take instructions.

11 AA filed OSB No. 58 of 2009/V on 23 December 2009 and obtained an order
under section 45(3) of the Bankruptcy Act (the “section 45(3) IVA Order”) from
Choo J on 17 May 2010. AA had to submit his proposal by the end of June 2010.

12 On the first day of the hearing of this OS, 5 July 2010, Mr David Chan from
Messrs Shook Lin & Bok LLP appeared stating that he was acting for AA’s
nominees under AA’s Individual Voluntary Arrangement, (“IVA”) and asked for
the proceedings to be stayed pending the decision of the Creditors’ Meeting
scheduled for 23 July 2010. Mr Chan said the IVA proposal had been submitted
to the nominees on 25 June 2010. The notices had “been done”, (which I take to
mean had been drafted and finalised), and they would be sent to all creditors
shortly.

13 Mr Chan submitted that I should not be making any orders for specific
performance because the Property was part of AA’s assets. The Property was
listed as belonging to him personally in his affidavit setting out his assets.
Any disposal of the Property by me in these proceedings was therefore caught
by the section 45(3) IVA Order and would be disposing off an asset of AA’s
insolvent estate. Mr Chan said the Property was worth much more than $37
million today but accepted that he had no valuation to back that statement
from the bar. Mr Chan’s oral application was opposed by all counsel present on
various grounds.

14 Mr Lee Eng Beng SC, counsel for the Plaintiff, (who had just taken over the
matter from their previous lawyers), took objection not only to the lateness
of the application and lack of notice but also to the legal basis of Mr Chan’s
application that the Property should fall into AA’s insolvent estate. Mr Lee
SC said the application must falter on the well-known principle that if a
party entered into a contract to purchase property, the beneficial ownership
shifts to the buyer and if there is a supervening bankruptcy, the bankruptcy
takes subject to the buyer’s interest. Mr Yeo SC agreed and submitted on a
more basic point, and I agreed with him – that there was no proper application
supported by an affidavit before me. Mr Yeo SC reminded me that when I first
learned of the section 45(3) IVA Order at the PTC on 18 May 2010, I asked Prof
Tan SC and his instructing solicitor, Mr P Balachandran, to invite Messrs
Shook Lin & Bok LLP to attend the next PTC and update all concerned on those
proceedings. They did not. Nor did they write to any of the parties.

15 I therefore informed Mr Chan that we were proceeding with the taking of the
evidence for the rest of that week and oral submissions were going to be made
the following week on 15 and 16 July 2010\. That would give him the time, if
his clients wished, to intervene and take out a proper application supported
by an affidavit. In the event, no such application took place. It will also be
noticed that AA was giving evidence in these proceedings and had filed four
affidavits, (6 January, 9 April, 25 June and 1 July 2010).

The Plaintiff’s Case

16 The Plaintiff contends that its case is very simple and straightforward.
The terms of the deal between the Plaintiff and the 1st Defendant are very
clearly and unambiguously set out in the 1st Option and the Deed of Settlement
dated 8 June 2009 (the “Deed of Settlement”). In exchange for a $1.5 million
option fee, the Plaintiff was granted an option by the 1st Defendant to
purchase the Property for $20 million. That option could be cancelled by the
1st Defendant within 60 days of the execution of the Deed of Settlement by
payment of a cancellation fee of $180,000 and refund of the option fee of $1.5
million. If the 1stOption was not cancelled, the Plaintiff would be entitled
to exercise the 1st Option to purchase the Property at $20 million.

17 The 1st Defendant failed to cancel the 1st Option by failing to make
repayment of the $1.5 million option fee and “compensation” of $180,000 within
the 60 days and the Plaintiff therefore claimed specific performance.

18 All the technical issues raised by the 1st Defendant, the 1st and 2nd
Interveners were raised to obfuscate the simple and unarguable fact of the
Plaintiff’s prior, valid and enforceable right to purchase the Property. This
attempt to detract from the Plaintiff’s undisputable legal position was no
doubt due to the dramatic rise in the value of the Property since June 2009.

The 1st Defendant’s Case

19 The 1st Defendant contends that it holds the Property on trust for AA. The
whole transaction was intended as a loan from the Plaintiff to AA and/or the
1st Defendant, of which AA was the sole shareholder and director. The 1st
Defendant, acting through AA, never intended to sell the Property. Because it
was truly a loan, the loss of the Property upon default amounted to a penalty.
Further, the 1st Option and Deed of Settlement was in effect an illegal
moneylending transaction under sections 2, 3 and 14 of the Moneylenders Act
(Cap 188, 2010 Rev Ed) (the “Moneylenders Act”) and was therefore void and
unenforceable. The 1st Option and Deed of Settlement was a cloak to disguise a
loan made at a monthly interest of 6% per month or 72% per annum. Also, in the
circumstances the 1st Option and Deed of Settlement were vitiated by reason of
illegality, fraud, duress and/or misrepresentation.

20 The 1st Defendant also alleged that the Plaintiff was estopped from
enforcing its rights under the 1st Option and Deed of Settlement. The 1st
Defendant was always ready and willing to repay the sum. The 1st Defendant
alleged an agreement to vary the terms of the Deed of Settlement and that it
duly attempted to repay the sum by a cheque for $1.68 million on 7 August 2009
which was rejected by the Plaintiff. The 1st Defendant also contended that
there was a valid compromise agreement between the parties that the
transaction be cancelled for an agreed sum. There is some dispute as to when
this compromise was reached and whether the compromise payment was $3.5
million or $5 million, (inclusive of the $1.5 million). The 1st Defendant also
claimed an entitlement to recover damages from the Plaintiff for all
additional interest payable to HLF by reason of the 1st Defendant’s inability
to sell the Property due to the Plaintiff’s action and all damages which the
1st Defendant may have to pay the 2nd Intervener.

HLF’s Case

21 Before the hearing, all the agreed issues between the Plaintiff and HLF
were, by agreement of the parties, withdrawn. HLF therefore took no active
part in these proceedings except to resist an application for an injunction
made earlier by the Plaintiff to halt their public auction of the Property. Mr
Phua very sensibly did not want to raise the level of costs and was content
with the protection to his client as a registered mortgagee.

The 1st Intervener’s Case

22 The 1st Intervener alleges it made a loan of $10 million to AA pursuant to
a loan agreement dated 22 September 2008 and a supplemental loan agreement
dated 24 September 2008. The 1st Defendant agreed to grant a charge over the
balance of proceeds of sale of the Property and this is evidenced by the Deed
of Charge over Proceeds dated 24 September 2008, which was duly registered
against the 1st Defendant.

23 The issues between the Plaintiff and the 1st Intervener are:

(a) Whether the Plaintiff wrongfully rejected the 1st Defendant’s cancellation
of the 1st Option under the Deed of Settlement;

(b) Whether the purported sale of the Property to the Plaintiff was at an
undervalue and was in contravention of section 340 of the Companies Act (Cap
50, 2006 Rev Ed); and

(c) Whether the Plaintiff induced the 1st Defendant to act in breach of its
contractual obligations to the 1st Intervener.

The 2nd Intervener’s Case

24 TC contends that there is a binding contract of sale for the Property and
seeks specific performance. He argues that he obtained the 2nd Option from the
1st Defendant acting through its only shareholder and director, AA, to
purchase the Property at $37 million. He paid the option fee of $1 million to
the 1st Defendant on 8 October 2009 and properly exercised his option on 6
November 2009 and paid a further $850,000 to the 1st Defendant to do so. The
$1.85 million amounted to 5% of the purchase price. TC also paid the stamp
duty of $1.1 million around 20 November 2009 on the 2nd Option. TC contends
that there is no challenge by the 1st Defendant or any other party to the
validity of the 2nd Option or to its exercise to constitute a binding contract
for the sale of the Property. TC also points out that his purchase price is
more than sufficient to discharge HLF’s claims with a surplus available to AA
(or his creditors).

25 TC adopts the issues as between the Plaintiff and the 1st Defendant
challenging the Plaintiff’s claim that the 1st Option is a valid and binding
right to purchase the Property. TC’s main contentions are:

(a) the Plaintiff has not come to court with “clean hands” as is required of a
party seeking equitable relief;

(b) Clause (B)(b) of the Deed of Settlement which provides for the exercise of
the 1st Option in the event the Defendant fails to pay the loan in accordance
with the Deed of Settlement is unenforceable as a penalty;

(c) the Plaintiff’s purported loan and security are unenforceable for being in
contravention of the Moneylenders Act;

(d) even if the Plaintiff’s claim is valid, which is denied, the Plaintiff is
estopped from claiming specific performance as it had agreed with the 1st
Defendant to waive its right to complete in exchange for payment of a sum of
money and/or its recent application in Summons No. 2585 of 2010/G (an
application for, inter alia, leave to discontinue its action against HLF, that
the proceeds for any mortgagees sale of the Property be paid into court, that
the proprietary interests of the Plaintiff, the 1st Defendant and 1st and 2nd
Interveners shall subsist in the monies so paid into court, leave be given to
the 2nd Defendant to withdraw Summons No. 1724 of 2010/A, with costs to be
paid by the Plaintiff to the 2nd Defendant);

(e) in any event the Plaintiff is not entitled to specific performance as (i)
it would cause hardship on the 1st Defendant, (ii) the transaction is unfair
to the 1st Defendant, and (iii) the conduct of the Plaintiff does not entitle
it to an equitable remedy.

Findings of Fact

26 Save for [28] – [31], [36]-[38] and what happened after 11 August 2009,
which I shall deal with in detail later, the following facts are not really in
contention. Insofar as they are disputed, then the following are my findings.

27 In May 2009, AA was being pressed by HLF to reduce his loan to $18 million
or face foreclosure. AA was quite desperate for funding and put the word out
in the market that he was looking for a loan.

28 One of the persons through whom AA put the word out was Mr Lim Kheng Lim
Ivan, (“Ivan Lim”), the Managing Director of Global Exotic Cars Pte Ltd. Ivan
Lim, who was subpoenaed by AA, had dealings with AA since 2000. Ivan Lim’s
evidence was not very clear. He had difficulty remembering details and I
therefore find his evidence of peripheral utility. What he could say with some
degree of certainty, and I so find, was that:

(a) AA was looking for lenders for short term finance in May 2009;

(b) Ivan Lim spoke to about 5 people and none were interested; one of the
persons he spoke to was Lim Swee Hoe, (“LSH”), who initially was not
interested;

(c) However there were “...a few friends who were quite interested...” to
purchase the Property, not to lend AA money;

(d) Ivan Lim told AA that no one was prepared to lend money but there were
persons interested to purchase the Property; and

(e) AA’s secretary gave Ivan Lim a Valuation Report from Colliers
International dated 15 April 2009, (the “Colliers Valuation”).

(See Notes of Evidence, 9 July 2010, pp 145-147)

Ivan Lim then gave LSH a copy of the Colliers Valuation to see if there were
any persons “...interested or not ... [t]o do the deal...” (See Notes of
Evidence, 9 July 2010, p 140) and subsequently LSH found someone and they all
met up at the lawyer’s office in the CPF Building. LSH’s evidence on whether
AA was prepared to sell rather than to just borrow money and whether the
Plaintiff was only interested to buy the Property was vague and even
contradictory. I therefore could not place much reliance on his evidence on
this score.

29 LSH is a director of LSH Realty Pte Ltd, the real estate agents who acted
for the Plaintiff in this matter. LSH had acted for the Plaintiff in 2 or 3
transactions prior to this. He confirms Ivan Lim spoke to him about AA wanting
a loan but LSH knew of no one who was prepared to lend money. LSH alleges that
he spoke to Mr Tan Koo Chuan (“KC Tan”), a director of the Plaintiff, but he
was not interested; KC Tan allegedly said in reply that they were property
developers and not money lenders. LSH met Ivan Lim at the latter’s office at
some later date and Ivan Lim showed LSH the Colliers Valuation. LSH recalled
that the Colliers Valuation had two figures, $29 million and $23-point-
something million (See Notes of Evidence, 7 July 2010, p 100); this was in
fact a reference to the Colliers Valuation of the Property in mid-April 2009
at $29 million and a forced sale value of $23.2 million. LSH showed this to KC
Tan and his reaction was that he was only prepared to buy at the lowest
possible price. According to LSH, KC Tan also knew AA was in urgent need of
funds (see Notes of Evidence, 7 July 2010, p 102 lines 19-21). A meeting was
subsequently set up with the lawyers. I find LSH’s evidence not the most
reliable. He was not clear on details and understandably took the side of the
Plaintiff in giving some of his answers. However his evidence was not pivotal.
Two points of some interest emerge from his evidence:

(a) First, he confirmed that AA telephoned him on 6 August 2009 saying that
the $1.68 million would be paid on 7 August 2009. LSH’s AEIC states that his
response to AA was: “...please talk to the lawyers...”. During cross
examination he admitted he had informed KC Tan about this telephone
conversation and request. This was not in his AEIC.

(b) Secondly, although LSH was asked why, if as he says he was acting for the
Plaintiff and not the 1st Defendant, he sent a lawyer’s letter to the 1st
Defendant demanding payment of a commission for the sale of the Property. That
letter of demand was sent on 11 November 2009 by Messrs Tan Lee & Partners,
(“TLP”), the same lawyers acting for the Plaintiff. LSH was obviously caught
off guard by these questions and gave the most unconvincing answers as to why
such a demand was made. He claims that it was to make a claim on behalf of
Ivan Lim since Ivan Lim did not have a real estate agent’s licence and he and
Ivan Lim had agreed to split the commission, but this was never put to Ivan
Lim (see Notes of Evidence, 7 July 2010, pp 105-106); the Plaintiff’s lawyer,
Mr Lee Chow Soon (“CS Lee”) of TLP, also gave a very unconvincing explanation
as to why his firm sent out this letter. To a direct question whether he
understood LSH was acting for the Plaintiff, CS Lee claimed, not that he did
or did not know, but that, “I cannot confirm that.” I unfortunately find that
very evasive and difficult to accept as true. CS Lee was a conveyancing lawyer
with many years of experience in that field. His first answer, (at Notes of
Evidence, 8 July 2010, pp 45-48), was very garbled:

No, this letter is written in relation to the agreement by exchange of letters
referred to in -- the party negotiated and -- you remember, the party
negotiated and it was agreed that --

I find that CS Lee wrote that letter, knowing that LSH was not the Plaintiff’s
agent, but like sharks circling around bleeding prey, opportunistically made a
claim when there was no basis to do so. This is all the more so when one
considers what was going on at that point in time, this is something I will
come to later. Despite CS Lee’s central role in this matter, the only excuse
he could muster was that LSH instructed him to make the claim and he just did
so.

30 I find that as at end May or early June 2009, AA had been unsuccessful in
raising short term finance to meet HLF’s demand that he reduce his
indebtedness to them. AA then contemplated using the Property as a means of
raising money. For reasons which I shall elaborate on later, he did not
contemplate selling the Property, but to use it as security or collateral. On
the Plaintiff’s side, I find that they sensed an opportunity to make money. If
they could drive a hard bargain, they had nothing to lose. If AA managed to
pay off the $1.5 million, they would reap a profit of $180,000 for their
60-day loan. If AA did not manage to pay off the $1.5 million, they had the
option to purchase the Property at $3.2 million below the forced sale
valuation of $23.2 million.

31 I find that the Plaintiff discussed this with CS Lee who structured this as
an “Option” for the sale and purchase of property and a “Deed of Settlement”
which gave the vendor an opportunity to cancel the option upon repaying the
loan with “compensation” – no doubt an euphemism for interest.

32 AA’s evidence on this early period leading to the meeting on 5 June 2009
was contradictory and hopelessly tangled. Nonetheless I find that there is
some truth in Prof Tan SC’s submission that AA was a “big picture” man who did
not pay attention to details. AA struck me as someone who has been struggling
with insolvency for some time. During cross-examination he said whatever was
expedient to him at that moment, whether it contradicted his affidavits or
not. Some of his answers, for example, that he never authorised Ivan Lim to
seek financing using the Property and was unsure how Ivan Lim came to possess
a copy of the Colliers Valuation, (see Notes of Evidence, 8 July 2010, pp 177
and 185), just did not make any sense when viewed against the objective and
documentary evidence and could not be believed. AA’s lawyer, Mr Low Yew Shen,
(“YS Low”), from Ng Chong & Hue LLC, (“NCH LLC”), whose evidence I accept,
said in his AEIC that AA told him that the 1st Defendant had negotiated “...a
plan to raise money by using the property known as 39A Ridout Road...” (See
Notes of Evidence, 8 July 2010, pp 61-63).

33 Through LSH and Ivan Lim, the respective lawyers for the parties and their
contact information was exchanged. Consequently, on 2 June 2009, YS Low sent
an email to TLP’s CS Lee referring to their request for and attaching HLF’s
Statement showing the outstanding sum of $19,638,690.19 as of 31 May 2009. On
3 June 2009, CS Lee sent YS Low a draft Option and draft Deed of Settlement
for his perusal and comments:

(a) The draft Option had the appearance of a standard option, subject to the
Singapore Law Society’s Conditions of Sale 1999, with a purchase price of $20
million. However, some unusual features were that the option money or fee was
$2 million (10% of the purchase price) with no further sum to be paid on
exercise of the Option. Also, there was a long option period of almost 4
months (up to 30 September 2009). The sale and purchase was to be completed
within 16 weeks from the date of acceptance or exercise of the Option. The $2
million option fee was to be treated as payment towards the purchase price
upon exercise of the Option but if not, it “...shall be forfeited by the
Vendor”.

(b) The draft Deed of Settlement recited that an Option had been granted by
the Plaintiff to the 1st Defendant for the sale of the Property for the option
fee of $2 million and the “...Vendor and the Purchaser have since negotiated
and it is now agreed...” _inter alia_ , that (i) the Vendor has the option to
cancel the Option within 60 days “...from today...” and subject to (ii) the
Vendor refunding the Purchaser the option fee of $2 million, (iii) paying a
lump sum compensation of $250,000, failing which the Purchaser “...may...”
proceed to exercise the Option within the option validity period and complete
the sale and purchase according to the terms of the Option. If the Vendor
chose to cancel the Option, it had to give notice forthwith in writing and
forward, together with such notice, a Cashier’s Order for the sum of
$2,250,000 made in favour of the Purchaser (see 1.AB pp 157A-157I).

YS Low said in his AEIC that he explained the documents to AA although AA took
the view that this was a financing arrangement. NCH LLC returned the drafts
with some comments by email on 4 June 2009, two of which were that the
purchase price should be $22 million, not $20 million and that the Option
should only be open for acceptance up to 31 August 2009 (See 1.AB pp 158-159).

34 A meeting was convened for 5 June 2009 at TLP’s office. The persons present
at this meeting were as follows: on the Plaintiff’s side, Mr Melvin Poh,
(“Melvin”), another director, KC Tan and CS Lee; on the 1st Defendant’s side,
AA, Mr Panthradil (“Panthradil”), the CFO of AA’s Kapital Asia (now re-named
InvestoAsia) and YS Low. YS Low arrived at the meeting late but his legal
assistant, Mr Mario Tjiong, was there earlier. LSH and Ivan Lim were also
present. AA, Melvin and KC Tan were meeting each other for the first time.

35 The finer details as to what occurred at this meeting are strongly
disputed. Each side put forward evidence supporting its theory of the
transaction, _viz_., the Plaintiff was only interested if it was a sale of the
Property, the 1st Defendant and AA never intended to sell the Property and was
forced in his desperation for immediate funding to agree to their terms, which
included forcing the “loan” down to $1.5 million. I find the detailed evidence
on these main themes from all the witnesses unreliable. Each side and their
witnesses were stating what was favourable to their respective cases. At the
end of that meeting there was an Option and a Deed of Settlement that were
signed by the parties. Those are the terms that bind the parties.

36 I find that the following relevant facts did take place during this meeting
on 5 June 2009:

(a) CS Lee produced a search on AA which showed numerous actions against AA.
CS Lee, KC Tan and Melvin said there was therefore a significant credit risk
for the Plaintiff in going forward with the deal. At a separate break-out
meeting, when there were only 3 of them, KC Tan and Melvin told AA in no
uncertain terms that they were only willing to go up to $1.5 million for the
upfront option fee and that the “price” had to be reduced from $22 million to
$20 million.

(b) AA agreed to this $1.5 million option fee under the circumstances then
prevailing. KC Tan, Melvin and AA then rejoined the meeting. By that time YS
Low was present. More than one witness said that they heard YS Low say to AA:
“Pak ... are you sure? ... its $20 million – are you sure ...” and AA’s reply:
“... don’t worry, I don’t need 2 months, I can settle this in one month...”.
AA entered into the deal confident that he could get funds within one month
which would enable him to cancel the 1st Option. He knew the default position
was that the Plaintiff could proceed to purchase the Property (however see my
findings below on events after 11 August 2009).

(c) The deal that was finalised was the 1st Option and Deed of Settlement with
the essential terms set out above except that (i) the Option provided for a
purchase price of $20 million and an option fee of $1.5 million, (ii) the
Option period was up to 4 pm on 31 August 2009, (iii) completion was to be
within 12 weeks from the date of acceptance of the Option, (iv) that the
Vendor had the option “... within 60 days from today...” to cancel the Option
by notice in writing, subject to (v) refunding the option fee of $1.5 million
and paying compensation of $180,000 to the Purchaser. The other terms of note,
which were also in the earlier draft, were (vi) payment for cancellation of
the Option was to be by Cashier’s Order to be forwarded together with the
written notice of cancellation whereupon the Option was to be null and void
and neither party was to have any claim against the other for damages, loss,
cost or otherwise, (vii) if the Vendor did not cancel the Option as provided
in (iv) above, then the Purchaser or its nominee may proceed to exercise the
Option and complete the sale and purchase according to the terms of the
Option, (viii) time was of the essence and (ix) subject to the terms of the
Deed of Settlement, the Purchaser shall be entitled to enforce all their
rights against the Vendor in any manner howsoever including institution of
legal proceedings and seeking judgment and enforcement on the basis of the
admission herein by the Vendor of the payments herein stated.

(d) The purchase price on the 1st Option was below the Colliers’ forced sale
valuation of $23.2 million.

(e) Although the 1st Option and the Deed of Settlement were both signed at the
meeting of 5 June 2009, the 1st Option was dated 5 June 2009 and the Deed of
Settlement was left blank and subsequently dated 8 June 2009. There is some
uncertainty as to who dated the Deed of Settlement. YS Low’s recollection was
that TLP dated it and LSH’s recollection was that YS Low or someone in his
office dated it when it was brought back after the meeting to NCH LLP to affix
the common seal of the 1st Defendant. YS Low said and I accept his evidence,
that it was clear to all, including the lawyers, that the Deed of Settlement
was to be dated a later date than the 1st Option because CS Lee felt it would
be “strange” if the 1st Option and Deed of Settlement were dated the same day,
(see Notes of Evidence, 8 July 2010, p 96). I find that CS Lee, on behalf of
the Plaintiff insisted on this and everyone agreed or at the very least
acquiesced.

37 The Deed of Settlement provided that AA could exercise his right to cancel
the 1st Option “…within 60 days _from today_...” (emphasis added). The use of
the word “today” raises two possible dates – was the 60 days to run from 5
June 2009, _ie_ , when the Deed of Settlement was signed, or 8 June 2009, _ie_
, the date appearing on the Deed of Settlement? If it was purely governed by
the terms appearing on the Deed of Settlement, then it would probably be the
latter because it was expressed to be made on 8 June 2009; under the second
recital, the parties “...have since [the 1st Option] negotiated...” and “...
it was now agreed...etc”; the parties “... set their hands and seals on this
8th day of June 2009…”. However, all parties accepted that the Deed of
Settlement was signed and executed on 5 June 2009. The relevant phrase used
was not the usual “...within 60 days _from the date hereof_...” but “...from
_today_...” [emphasis added] and in the context must be taken to mean the day
the parties executed the Deed of Settlement, _viz_ , 5 June 2009. It must have
been due to this ambiguity, and I so find, that the lawyers, CS Lee and YS
Low, discussed what the last day for the cancellation of the 1st Option was.
YS Low then sent a fax on 5 August 2009 to TLP referring to a telephone
conversation between YS Low and CS Lee on 4 August 2009, confirming that AA
had until 6 August 2009 to cancel the 1st Option.

38 As noted above, AA alleged that he telephoned LSH on 6 August 2009 and
asked him if he could pay the $1.68 million (the $1.5 million option fee and
the $180,000 compensation fee) by cheque on 7 August 2009 and LSH, on behalf
of the Plaintiff, agreed asking AA to send his cheque to the lawyers. LSH
denies agreeing at all and says his response to AA was to ask him to talk to
the lawyers. LSH admitted in cross-examination that he informed KC Tan of this
request. LSH also said he told KC Tan that he asked AA to speak to the lawyers
but denied the suggestion that KC Tan agreed to the request. I find that LSH
did not agree to AA’s request or say that the Plaintiff agreed to his request.
He did not have the authority to do so. There is no evidence that KC Tan
agreed to this request, on the contrary, I find it more probable than not that
KC Tan realised AA was having trouble making payment and cancelling in time
and waited to have AA over a barrel. In his usual haphazard way, AA did make
the request and assumed it was forthcoming or agreed to when it was not.

39 On 7 August 2009, NCH sent a letter to TLP enclosing AA’s cheque for $1.68
million but there was no reference to this alleged agreement from LSH. This
would be strange given that just 2 days before this, YS Low had written to CS
Lee to confirm their discussion and agreement that the last day to cancel the
1st Option was 6 August 2009. Furthermore, payment must be by way of a
Cashier’s Order under the terms of the Deed of Settlement. YS Low said in his
AEIC that AA telephoned on 6 August 2009 to inform him that he had agreed with
LSH to pay the $1.68 million by cheque on 7 August 2009. But YS Low could not
give any convincing explanation why he did not refer to the agreement in his
letter of 7 August 2009. I find that inexplicable as was his first reason
given under cross-examination that he did not do so because there were no
details given to him about the agreement and subsequent retraction and then
the proffering of the excuse that he did not because AA told him CS Lee knew
about it. I do not find YS Low to be dishonest, but more someone who could not
recall exactly what happened and put forward a version that was more
favourable to his former client. Given that the lawyers agreed only 2 days
earlier that the last day for cancelling the 1st Option was 6 August 2009, and
payment was to be by way of Cashier’s Order with time being of the essence
under the Deed of Settlement, anyone would have expected the 7 August 2009
letter to refer to an agreement varying these two important terms. But it did
not.

40 It is therefore not surprising that on 11 August 2009 (7 August 2009 being
a Friday and 10 August 2009 being a public holiday), TLP wrote to NCH LLP
rejecting the cancellation of the 1st Option as being out of time and for non-
compliance with the mode of payment and returning the cheque. Strangely, this
letter did not say anything about proceeding to complete the sale and purchase
of the Property. It should also be noted that under cross-examination, AA
admitted that he did not have $1.68 million in his Maybank account to meet
that cheque if it was presented for payment (see Notes of Evidence, 9 July
2010, pp 35 and 36). I do not accept his later attempt to explain that he
could have found the funds from friends if necessary. He clearly had no more
friends who could lend him money, otherwise he would not have been in that
predicament in the first place.

41 It will be convenient to state my further findings of fact in relation to
the specific issues raised by the parties later and I first turn to deal with
AA’s defences of duress and unconscionability as vitiating the 1st Option. AA
has also raised misrepresentation. This was not pursued in cross-examination
or Closing Submissions and rightly so. There is accordingly no need to deal
with this issue, and in any case it does not arise at all on the facts of this
case.

Duress

42 It has long been recognised that a party may be able to avoid a contract
for duress where he entered it because of a wrongful or illegitimate threat or
pressure by the other party, normally because the threat left him with no
practical alternative: see _Chitty on Contracts, Vol.1, General Principles_ ,
(Sweet & Maxwell, 13th Ed) at para 7-001. The traditional categories of
illegitimate pressure or threats were those of violence to the victim’s person
or a threat to destroy or damage property or, (after some doubt), a threat to
seize or detain goods wrongfully, (see _eg, Maskell v Horner_ [1915] 3 KB 106;
_Occidental Worldwide Investment Corp v Skibs A/S Avanti_ [1976] 1 Lloyd’s Rep
293 at 335; _The Evia Luck_ [1992] 2 AC 152, overruling _Skeate v Beale_
(1840) 11 Ad & E 983; _Chitty_ at para 7-012). These traditional categories
seldom trouble the courts today. The older analyses justifying duress as
having one’s will overborne, or acting involuntarily or not having a free
choice, have since _Lynch v DPP of Northern Ireland_ [1975] AC 653 given way
to the more flexible and realistic concept of not having no choice at all, but
leaving the party with a choice between two evils or choosing unwillingly in
circumstances which prevents the law from accepting what has happened as a
valid contract in law: _per_ Lord Wilberforce at 680 or, in the words of Lord
Simon at 695, it “…deflects without destroying the will of one of the
contracting parties ... thereby making the contract voidable”. This change
inevitably led to the question whether economic duress was a possible
vitiating factor in contracts.

43 One year later, Kerr J was able to state in _Occidental Worldwide
Investment Corp v Skibs A/S Avanti_ [1976] 1 Lloyd’s Rep 293 at 333-334 that
it could. The learned judge was of the view that duress was not necessarily
limited to cases of threats to the person or in relation to goods but the true
question was ultimately whether or not the agreement in question was to be
regarded as having been concluded voluntarily. In that case a slump in charter
rates occurred soon after charter parties were entered into. The charterers
used strong coercive threats of allowing themselves to go bankrupt, as they
had no substantial assets (which was untrue), if the owners did not re-
negotiate charter hire. On the facts, Kerr J held at 336 that even though the
owners were acting under great pressure when they entered into the re-
negotiated terms, it was only commercial pressure and not under anything which
could in law be regarded as a coercion of will so as to vitiate the consent.
Kerr J took into account the fact that the owner made no protest in entering
into the re-negotiated terms and had at all times treated the agreement then
reached as binding. The plea of duress thus failed (although the defence of
fraudulent misrepresentation succeeded). This decision, recognising economic
duress as a ground to avoid a contract, was followed 3 years later in _North
Ocean Shipping Co Ltd v Hyundai Construction Co Ltd and Another (The Atlantic
Baron_) [1979] QB 705 at 718-719 where shipbuilders renegotiated a 10%
increase in the price for construction of a vessel with a threat to break
their contract when they had no basis to do so. The owners feared losing a
lucrative charter if there was a delay in delivery of the vessel and
reluctantly agreed, reserving all their rights. Mocatta J held at 719-720 that
this amounted to economic duress entitling the owners to set aside the
renegotiated rates, but on the facts, there had been a subsequent waiver of
the right to avoid the re-negotiated contract. Accordingly the owners’ claim
failed.

44 In _Pao On v Lau Yiu Long_ [1980] AC 614, the Privy Council, on appeal from
the Court of Appeal of Hong Kong, considered the applicability of economic
duress as a ground for rendering a contract entered into between commercial
parties voidable. Lord Scarman, who delivered the judgment of the Privy
Council, stated at 634:

[J]ustice requires that men, who have negotiated at arm’s length, be held to
their bargains unless it can be shown that their consent was vitiated by
fraud, mistake or duress. If a promise is induced by coercion of a man’s will,
the doctrine of duress suffices to do justice. The party coerced, if he
chooses and acts in time, can avoid the contract. If there is no coercion,
there can be no reason for avoiding the contract where there is shown to be a
real consideration which is otherwise legal.

Lord Scarman stated at 635-636 that there is nothing contrary to principle in
recognising economic duress as a factor which may render a contract voidable,
provided always that the basis of such recognition is that it must amount to a
coercion of will, which vitiates consent. Lord Scarman emphasised that
commercial pressure is not sufficient and in determining whether there is a
coercion of the will, it is material to consider the following factors:

(a)

Whether the person alleged to have been coerced did or did not protest;

(b)

Whether, at the time he was allegedly coerced into making the contract, he did
or did not have an alternative course open to him such as an adequate legal
remedy;

(c)

Whether he was independently advised; and

(d)

Whether after entering the contract he took steps to avoid it.

45 In _Universe Tankship Inc of Monrovia v International Transport Workers
Federation_ [1983] 1 AC 366, Lord Diplock stated at 384 the rationale for the
doctrine of economic duress but declined to elaborate on what would amount to
legitimate commercial pressure which did not give rise to duress:

It is, however, in my view crucial to the decision of the instant appeal to
identify the rationale of this development of the common law. It is not that
the party seeking to avoid the contract which he has entered into with another
party, or to recover money that he has paid to another party in response to a
demand, did not know the nature or the precise terms of the contract at the
time when he entered into it or did not understand the purpose for which the
payment was demanded. _The rationale is that his apparent consent was induced
by pressure exercised upon him by that other party which the law does not
regard as legitimate, with the consequence that the consent is treated in law
as revocable unless approbated either expressly or by implication after the
illegitimate pressure has ceased to operate on his mind_. It is a rationale
similar to that which underlies the avoidability of contracts entered into and
the recovery of money exacted under colour of office, or under undue influence
or in consequence of threats of physical duress.

Commercial pressure, in some degree, exists, wherever one party to a
commercial transaction is in a stronger bargaining position than the other
party. It is not, however, in my view, necessary, nor would it be appropriate
in the instant appeal, to enter into the general question of the kinds of
circumstances, if any, in which, commercial pressure, even though it amounts
to a coercion of the will of a party in the weaker bargaining position, may be
treated as legitimate and, accordingly, as not giving rise to any legal right
of duress...

(emphasis added)

46 Economic duress as a vitiating factor in contracts has also been adopted in
Singapore. In _Third World Development Ltd v Atang Latief and another_ [1990]
1 SLR(R) 96, the Court of Appeal was able to say at [17]: “Assuming that there
was some pressure – commercial pressure – exerted on the appellant at the time
of his execution of the undertaking, such pressure does not constitute
economic duress unless it amounts to a coercion of his will which vitiates
consent...” referring to the _Pao On_ decision. Some 11 years later, in
_Sharon Global Solutions Pte Ltd v LG (International) Singapore Pte Ltd_
[2001] 2 SLR(R) 233, Kan J noted at [30] that economic duress as a ground for
avoiding contractual obligations is still in its formative stage of
development and the acts that constitute economic duress and the effect they
must have on the receiving party have not been defined with certainty or
finality. Kan J was of the opinion that in determining whether a case of
economic duress has been made out, it is necessary to consider all the
circumstances of the case, including the state of mind of the parties.

47 In _Wu Yang Construction Group Ltd v Zhejiang Jinyi Group Co Ltd_ [2006] 4
SLR(R) 451, a case on the tort of conspiracy and use of unlawful means, Phang
J (as he then was), rejected the older analysis of the overborne will theory
and adopted, _obiter_ , at [78], Prof Atiyah’s view of “coercion” or
“vitiation of consent” from the “... perspective of pressure that so distorts
the voluntariness of the consent of the party that is the alleged victim of
economic duress that the law regards such pressure as illegitimate. And what
the law regards as illegitimate becomes, from that particular perspective,
situations where there has in effect been no consent at all.” The learned
Judge then referred to the Court of Appeal decision noted above, _Third World
Development Ltd v Atang Latief_ , which cites with approval the _Occidental
Worldwide Investment Corp_ and _Pao On_ cases, and states that the concept of
vitiation of consent should now be read in light of the Commonwealth
precedents; this includes the New South Wales Court of Appeal decision in
_Crescendo Management Pty Ltd v Westpac Banking Corp_ (1988) 19 NSWLR 40,
another Privy Council case on appeal from New Zealand, _R v Her Majesty’s
Attorney-General for England and Wales_ [2003] UKPC 22 and _Dimskal Shipping
Co SA v International Transport Workers Federation_ [1992] 2 AC 152. The
learned Judge also said at [77] that there is a close analogy with the tort of
conspiracy with its two-fold formulation of an unlawful act and “lawful act
duress”. Where acts are lawful in themselves, it would be “extremely
difficult” to prove economic duress simply because the doctrine of economic
duress generally requires proof of illegitimate pressure, as opposed to mere
commercial pressure. This is something that was taken up in a more recent
case.

48 In _Tam Tak Chuen v Khairul bin Abdul Rahman_ [2009] 2 SLR(R) 240, Prakash
J cited at [22] _Universe Tankships Inc of Monrovia_ where Lord Scarman stated
that there are two elements in the wrong of duress:

(a) pressure amounting to compulsion of the will of the victim; and

(b) the illegitimacy of the pressure exerted.

With regards to the second element, _ie_ , what constitutes an illegitimate
pressure or threat, Prakash J cited Nelson Enonchong, _Duress, Undue Influence
and Unconscionable Dealing_ (Sweet & Maxwell, 2006) (“ _Enonchong_ ”) at para
3-031:

terms secured as a result of the threat of lawful action are so “manifestly
disadvantageous” to the complainant as to make it unconscionable for the
defendant to retain the benefit of them.

Prakash J further considered at [50] the categories listed in _Enonchong_ of
circumstances which indicate when a threat of lawful action is illegitimate:

50 ... _Enonchong_ ([22] _supra_) classifies the circumstances which,
according to the authorities, indicate that when a threat of lawful action
that is not unlawful is illegitimate. These categories are:

(a) where the threat is an abuse of legal process;

(b) where the demand is not made _bona fide_ ;

(c) where the demand is unreasonable; and

(d) where the threat is considered unconscionable in the light of all the
circumstances.

After listing the categories, _Enonchong_ goes on to warn (at para 3-022):

It should be noted that the general approach of the courts in this context is
one of caution. Bearing in mind the need for certainty in the commercial
bargaining process, the English courts will not lightly find that a threat of
lawful action in the commercial context is unacceptable and therefore
illegitimate so that the transaction is voidable for duress. _As Steyn LJ
warned in the CTN Cash and Carry case, the law should not “set its sights too
highly when the critical inquiry is not whether the conduct is lawful but
whether it is morally or socially acceptable.” Therefore cases where a threat
of lawful action that is not unlawful in itself will be regarded as
illegitimate so as to constitute duress will be “relatively rare”_.

(emphasis added)

Prakash J held at [62] that once the plaintiff had proved that illegitimate
pressure had been exercised on him, it was up to the defendant to prove that
the pressure had not contributed to the plaintiff’s decision to execute the
agreement. With respect, I adopt these principles espoused by Kan J, Phang J
(as he then was) and Prakash J as correct statements of the law of contract in
Singapore in relation to duress, with one caveat.

49 I do not think _Enonchong_ ’s basis at para 3-031 cited above should be
adopted without a great degree of caution. The proposition that if the threat
comprises lawful action, but the terms secured “...are so ‘manifestly
disadvantageous’ as to make it _unconscionable_ for the defendant to retain
the benefit of it...” [emphasis added], if accepted, would open the door to
uncertainty. It comes too close to re-writing disadvantageous contracts. We
should not regress to those days where equity is measured by the length of the
Lord Chancellor’s foot. Whilst I accept that doctrines like unjust enrichment
are useful tools in equity’s armoury to prevent injustice, unconscionability
has not been accepted in Singapore as a separate ground for vitiating a
contract. Unconscionability should remain in equity and discretionary
remedies, including calls on performance guarantees or bonds. It is worth
repeating the warning of _Enonchong_ that courts must approach the issue of
duress with caution because of the need for certainty in commercial contracts
and the bargaining process. It has been said time and again that our courts
are always mindful of the need for contractual certainty and predictability,
especially in commercial contracts, see _eg_ , _Zurich Insurance (Singapore)
Pte Lte v B-Gold Interior Design & Construction Pte Ltd_ [2008] 3 SLR(R) 1029
at [111] and _Forefront Medical Technology (Pte) Ltd v Modern-Pak Pte Ltd_
[2006] 1 SLR(R) 927 at [26]. We are not yet in Utopia and so there remains a
distinct and discernible difference between what is “illegitimate” and what is
“unconscionable” and it is worth remembering that what is unconscionable is
not necessarily illegitimate.

50 I therefore cannot accept Prof Tan SC’s suggestion that the _Wu Yang
Construction Group Ltd_ case should be read to suggest a wider concept of
duress than cases like that of _Universe Tankships Inc of Monrovia_. Consider
the facts of _Williams v Roffey Bros & Nicholls (Contractors) Ltd_ [1991] 1 QB
1, where a main contractor, refurbishing a block of flats, entered into a
subcontract for the carpentry work with a subcontractor for £20,000. As is not
uncommon, the subcontractor got into financial difficulty after carrying out
some of the work, partly due to the fact that he underpriced for the work and
partly because of his inability to properly supervise his labour workforce.
There was little doubt that the subcontractor would be delayed in completing
his subcontract works. The main contractor knew that if the subcontractor
delayed him, he would suffer hefty liquidated damages under his main contract
with the owner of the block of flats. The main contractor called for a meeting
with the subcontractor and agreed to pay the subcontractor an extra £10,300 at
the rate of £575 extra per flat to ensure the main contractor’s completion
date is not delayed. After the subcontractor completed 8 more flats, the main
contractor only paid a further £1,500. The subcontractor sued the main
contractor who argued that the subcontractor furnished no consideration for
the promise of extra payment. Equally this could be said to be duress
vitiating the agreement to make the additional payment. The English Court of
Appeal held that the main contractor had obtained a _practical benefit_ as a
result of the subcontractor’s promise to complete on time and that was
sufficient consideration. But would it be different if it was the
subcontractor who called the main contractor for the meeting? Why should it
depend on who called the meeting if the message passed was the same – “if you
do not pay me more, I will be in delay or may not be able to complete my work
at all”. How different then would this be from the threat in _Occidental
Worldwide Investment Corp_ or _North Ocean Shipping Co Ltd_? These kinds of
situations arise all the time in construction contracts.

51 There should therefore be two elements kept firmly in mind for actionable
duress. As held by Prakash J in the _Tim Tak Chuen_ case, first, pressure
amounting to compulsion of the will of the victim, and secondly, the
illegitimacy of the pressure exerted. I do not say that lawful pressure can
never amount to duress, for that would be constraining the doctrine
unjustifiably bearing in mind why it was developed in the first place, but it
certainly will be a very rare case indeed for a contract to be set aside for
duress when only lawful means or pressure was used.

52 Thirdly, lawful commercial pressure must never be mistaken for “duress”
capable of avoiding a contract. The learned author in Treitel, _The Law of
Contract_ (Sweet & Maxwell, 12th Ed, 2007) at para 10-005 sets out some
helpful comments in distinguishing between “commercial pressure” and “unfair
exploitation”:

_The aim of the courts is to distinguish between agreements which are the
result of mere “commercial pressure”, and those which are the consequence of
unfair exploitation_. This is not an easy distinction to apply in practice and
it is, perhaps, for this reason that the passage from Lord Goff has been said
to “leave room for flexibility in the characterisation of illegitimate
pressure and of the relevant causal link”. Thus, some cases in which duress
has not been established may be best explained on the basis that the threat to
break the original contract was not illegitimate in the circumstances, while
in others the illegitimate pressure created by the threat may not have
amounted to “a significant cause” of the decision to enter into the further
contract. Indeed, the two factors may also be said to be interdependent in the
sense that the more illegitimate the pressure the lower the causal threshold.
This may explain why, for duress of the person, it need only be proved that
the threat was one reason why the contract was entered into, whereas _for
economic duress the minimum requirement before it can be said that the threat
was a significant cause is to satisfy the “but for” test, i.e. that the
agreement would not have been made at all or on the terms it was made_.

(emphasis added)

Lastly, the question then of whether a transaction was entered into as a
result of duress is a question of fact, taking into account all the
circumstances of the case. It is apt to remember the approach espoused by
Dyson J in _DSDN Subsea Ltd v Petroleum Geo-Services ASA_ [2000] BLR 530, at
545:

In determining whether there has been illegitimate pressure, the court takes
into account a range of factors. These include whether there has been an
actual or threatened breach of contract; whether the person allegedly exerting
the pressure has acted in good or bad faith; whether the victim had any
realistic practical alternative but to submit to the pressure; whether the
victim protested at the time; and whether he affirmed and sought to rely on
the contract. These are all relevant factors. Illegitimate pressure must be
distinguished from the rough and tumble of the pressures of normal commercial
bargaining.

53 Turning to the present case, in all the circumstances of the case, did the
pressure amount to compulsion of AA’s will and was that pressure illegitimate
such that AA’s consent was vitiated? Since AA is the only shareholder and
director of the 1st Defendant, I treat AA as being synonymous with the 1st
Defendant and where appropriate, references to AA will include the 1st
Defendant.

54 The following paragraphs also contain my further findings of fact if not
already been made above.

55 If the Plaintiff had agreed to lend AA $2 million with the Property as
security, delayed matters to the last minute and when AA turned up to pick up
his cheque he was then presented with a loan agreement, a smaller sum of $1.5
million and an option to sell the Property to the Plaintiff for $20 million
(instead of $22 million) which was even below the forced sale value, and it
was by then too late for AA to refuse and look for other sources of funds,
then applying the above authorities, there may have been sufficient
illegitimate pressure and coercion of AA’s will to set aside the option to
purchase the Property at $20 million. I emphasize the word “may”.

56 The fact is that AA had been unsuccessful in raising a loan and was coming
under increasing pressure to reduce his loan with HLF. I have made my findings
on how the Colliers Valuation ended up in LSH and the Plaintiff’s hands. On
AA’s own lawyer’s evidence, AA had told him that he had negotiated a plan to
raise money using the Property (see [32] above). CS Lee structured the deal
with his draft Option and Deed of Settlement and this was sent to YS Low two
days before the 5 June 2009 meeting. YS Low said, and I accept his evidence,
that he discussed these documents, and I find that this includes the structure
of the deal, with AA. YS Low also confirmed that AA understood his advice (see
Notes of Evidence, 8 July 2010, p 79). AA says he passed the drafts to
Panthradil and in the car on the way to the meeting on 5 June 2009, Panthradil
explained to him the effect of the documents. Under cross-examination
Panthradil said that he received the draft Option and draft Deed of Settlement
on or after 3 June 2009 and upon reading them, said to AA: “Hey, Pak, this
looks like you’re selling the property.” Panthradil said AA’s response was:
“No, I will clear it before that. Its just the structure to enable the
borrowing”, (see Notes of Evidence, 9 July 2010, p 130 lines 14 to 18). I
accept Panthradil’s evidence over AA’s version. Panthradil said when he saw
the cancellation and the factoring in of the interest he saw the documents as
a secured loan structure. Panthradil said they were desperate for funds
because no one was going to lend AA $2 million “clean”. I therefore find that
AA intended to use the Property as security for the loan.

57 As for the 5 June 2009 meeting, Panthradil says the figure was $22 million
(for the 1st Option) and to borrow $2 million. That was what YS Low also said
in response to the drafts sent to him on 3 June 2009. However, it should be
nonetheless noted that the drafts first sent by CS Lee to YS Low stated $2
million for the “option” and $20 million as the purchase price under the
option and there was no subsequent agreement between the lawyers to revise
those figures. There was therefore no agreement on these figures prior to the
meeting on 5 June 2009.

58 AA is a seasoned businessman who has been through much in his business
career. The figures were not final when the meeting commenced on 5 June 2009.
There was no promise or agreement. A deal had been proposed, the drafts had
been with AA’s lawyer and his CFO. I find that they were there to negotiate.
During the course of the meeting, searches had been made and the actions
against AA were tabled. Based on the information on the searches, CS Lee
stepped out of the meeting room to discuss this with his clients, KC Tan and
Melvin. Subsequently, AA did negotiate with KC Tan and Melvin alone in a
break-out meeting, but when he returned to the main meeting, he had his CFO
and his lawyer with him. A number of witnesses heard them ask him if he was
sure of what he was doing and he was confident he could settle the “loan” in
one, or at the maximum, 2 months and therefore cancel the 1st Option given to
the Plaintiff. There was certainly no protest or suggestion of illegitimate
pressure from AA or his advisers or that some understanding had been breached.

59 The fact that AA was very desperate for funds and that fact was known to
the Plaintiff only meant that they had the upper hand in the negotiations.
That was a legitimate commercial advantage and not pressure because the
Plaintiff was not obliged to lend AA money: see _CTN Cash and Carry Ltd v
Gallaher Ltd_ [1994] 4 All ER 714, where a threat by a supplier, who enjoyed a
monopoly in the distribution of certain goods, not to provide the buyer with
urgently needed credit facilities in future transactions if certain payment,
which it genuinely believed was owing to them, was not paid was held not to
constitute duress. Holding otherwise would mean that many hard pressed debtors
would be able to avoid contractual obligations on this ground. That fact alone
cannot amount to unlawful exploitation or illegitimate pressure. The truth is,
and I so find, that AA entered into this transaction and signed the 1st Option
and Deed of Settlement because he was confident he could repay that sum within
one or two months. AA had the benefit of advice from his lawyer and his CFO,
both of whom were also with him at the 5 June 2009 meeting. He understood what
he was signing. I therefore cannot see how there is any duress in this case
that could vitiate the contract or that there is any illegitimate coercion
which vitiated the will.

60 At this stage, it suffices for me to hold that what was entered into was a
secured loan with a twist, the security could be enforced at a price that had
no relation to and was below the then forced sale value indicated on the
Colliers Valuation. I will deal with this in detail later but this brings us
to whether this agreement is “unconscionable” and if so, can it be set aside
as a matter of contract law.

Unconscionability

61 The facts relied upon by the defendant in seeking to establish the defence
of unconscionability largely overlaps with those relied upon for the defence
of duress. If the doctrine of economic duress is still in its formative stage
of development, then it will be all the more so for the doctrine of
unconscionability: see _Gay Choon Ing v Loh Sze Ti Terence Peter and another
appeal_ [2009] 2 SLR(R) 332 at [112] and [114].

62 Prof Tan SC bravely submitted that this was an appropriate time to
cautiously recognise and apply this doctrine. There exists a broad doctrine of
unconscionability in Commonwealth jurisdictions like Canada, Australia, New
Zealand, and as well in the USA, where unconscionability is used to set aside
contracts in a far broader range of situations than under English law. In
Canada, unconscionability is found when there is “...proof of inequality in
the position of the parties arising out of the ignorance, need or distress of
the weaker, which left him in the power of the stronger...”: see _Morrison v
Coast Finances Ltd_ (1965) 55 DLR (2d) 710 at 713 (BCCA), or when “…the
transaction, seen as a whole is sufficiently divergent from community
standards of commercial morality that it should be rescinded…”: see _Harry v
Kreutziger_ (1978) 95 DLR (3d) 231 (BCCA). In Australia, the doctrine of
unconscionability is broader in two respects than in Canada in that it is not
always necessary for the weaker party to have suffered detriment from the
bargain and the Canadian grounds of ignorance, need or distress are replaced
by a longer and open ended list: see _Blomley v Ryan_ (1956) 99 CLR 362.
However Australian law requires the stronger party to know the weaker party’s
disadvantage and to take advantage of it, see _Commercial Bank of Australia
Ltd v Amadio_ (1983) 151 CLR 447. The doctrine in New Zealand is closer to the
Australian position: see _Hart v O’Connor_ [1985] 2 All ER 880. In the USA,
the doctrine is enshrined in Section 2-302 of the Uniform Commercial Code and
it is often treated as part of their common law if the Code is inapplicable.

63 The starting point for the doctrine of unconscionability in contract law is
_Cresswell v Potter_ [1978] 1 WLR 255 where Megarry J stated at 257 that three
requirements had to be met in order to set aside a contract on the ground of
unconscionability:

(a) whether the plaintiff was poor and ignorant;

(b) whether the sale was at a considerable undervalue; and

(c) whether the vendor had independent advice.

Few would quarrel with the above formulation of the doctrine. However, Megarry
J stated that the euphemisms of the 20th century may require the word “poor”
to be replaced by “a member of the lower income group” or the like, and the
word “ignorant” by “less highly educated” and he added that the three
requirements were not the only circumstances which would suffice but that
there may be circumstances of oppression or abuse of confidence which would
invoke the aid of equity.

64 In _Rajabali Jumabhoy and others v Ameerali R Jumabhoy and others_ [1997] 2
SLR(R) 296, Prakash J was concerned with whether an option to purchase shares
in a company granted to its director was liable to be set aside on the ground
of, _inter alia_ , unconscionability. Prakash J cited Megarry J and rejected
the defendants’ submission on this issue at [197] to [198]:

197 The first and third defendants, realising that the description "poor and
ignorant" even though updated in modern terms to "less well-off and less
highly educated" could not by any stretch of imagination be applied to Yusuf
and Mustafa, have urged upon me that I should follow the Australian
jurisprudence and discard them altogether and instead have regard to whether
these men were under a "special disability". This term was used by Deane J of
the High Court of Australia in the case of _Commercial Bank of Australia Ltd v
Amadio_ (1983) 151 CLR 447 in the following passage appearing at 474 of his
judgment:

The equitable principles relating to relief against unconscionable dealing and
the principles relating to undue influence are closely related. The two
doctrines are, however, distinct. Undue influence, like common law duress,
looks to the quality of the consent or assent of the weaker party ...
Unconscionable dealing looks to the conduct of the stronger party in
attempting to enforce, or retain the benefit of, a dealing with a person under
a special disability in circumstances where it is not consistent with equity
or good conscience that he should do so. The adverse circumstances which may
constitute a special disability for the purposes of the principles relating to
relief may take a wide variety of forms and are not susceptible to being
comprehensively catalogued. In _Blomley v Ryan_ , Fullagar J listed some
examples of such disability: 'poverty or need of any kind, sickness, age, sex,
infirmity of body or mind, drunkenness, illiteracy or lack of education, lack
of assistance or explanation where assistance or explanation is necessary.' As
Fullagar J remarked, the common characteristic of such adverse circumstances
'seems to be that they have the effect of placing one party at a serious
disadvantage _vis-a-vis_ the other'.

198 Whilst I accept the force of the criticism that continuing to apply the
first criterion in Megarry J's test would allow the doctrine of
unconscionability to be invoked by only a small minority of people in modern
Singapore and thus deprive the courts of what can be a useful jurisprudential
tool, I have some difficulty with adopting the Australian position. The common
law is clear: inequality of bargaining power as between the parties to a
contract is not in itself sufficient to have the contract subsequently set
aside. The problem with phrases like "special disability" and "special
disadvantage" (used by Mason J in _Amadio_ 's case) is that they are so wide
(as the illustrations given by Fullagar J themselves indicate) that that
common law principle can be quite easily undermined by their application. I
think that whilst it would be too limiting in the modern world to always
insist on plaintiffs making a claim of unconscionability qualifying as poor
and ignorant, one cannot, in the absence of these disadvantages, proceed on
unconscionability unless, as Megarry J also pointed out, there are such
circumstances of oppression or abuse of confidence present as would cry out
for the intervention of a court of equity.

65 Prakash J was concerned that the uncertain concept of “special disability”
recognised by the Australian courts would undermine contractual certainty,
which forms the bedrock of all commercial contracts in Singapore. I
respectfully agree. The common law ensures that parties are not allowed to
simply rely upon their inferior bargaining power to subsequently set aside
disadvantageous agreements freely entered into when things go awry. I also
respectfully agree with what the learned Judge said at [195]:

This does not mean that the court will set aside a contract merely because one
party, in a somewhat stronger bargaining position than the other, has driven a
hard bargain. The court will not rewrite an improvident contract where there
is no disability on either side. See _White and Carter (Councils) Ltd v
McGregor_ [1962] AC 413.

66 I do not think unconscionability as a vitiating factor in contract forms
any part of Singapore law, in spite of the rather tentative comments,
undoubtedly _dicta_ , of the Court of Appeal in _Gay Choon Ing_ , at least not
until the time comes for an abandonment of the doctrine of consideration in
favour of doctrines like economic duress, undue influence and
unconscionability. We already have the doctrines of undue influence,
constructive fraud in equity and even _non est factum_ in contract for the
protection of the weak, the elderly, the very young and the ignorant. To do
more and put forward a fledgling doctrine of unconscionability, without some
considered, comprehensive and rational basis, and which the Court of Appeal
itself recognises is not without its own specific difficulties (at [114]),
would be in my respectful view to inject unacceptable uncertainty in
commercial contracts and in the expectations of men of commerce. Where this is
needed it is best left to Parliament. Hence we have the Unfair Contracts Terms
Act and no doubt in time to come, we will have specific consumer legislation,
as in other Commonwealth countries.

67 AA cannot by any standard be said to be “poor and ignorant”. He entered
into the agreement with the Plaintiff having had the benefit of legal advice.
He had his CFO on hand. In any case, AA fails to meet two of Megarry J’s three
criteria. Even though he was facing severe financial difficulties, a fact
which the Plaintiff was clearly aware of, this would not entitle him to the
defence of unconscionability as set out in _Creswell v Potter_.

The True Nature of the Transaction Entered into on 5 June 2009

68 The 1st Option and Deed of Settlement entered into by AA with the Plaintiff
are therefore not susceptible to being set aside for duress or, even if there
was such a ground, unconscionability. This brings us to the question: what
exactly was the transaction that the Plaintiff and 1st Defendant entered into.
Both parties, perhaps understandably, overstated their case. The Plaintiff’s
KC Tan and Melvin insisted that they were only out to buy the Property, and
they built in a handsome compensation if AA chose to cancel the 1st Option. AA
on the other hand insisted that he only entered into a loan transaction.

69 The true analysis in law must be this: if A only wanted a loan and made
that clear, and B only wanted to buy A’s property and made that clear and B
openly and to the knowledge of A, agreed to lend money on terms, then short of
applicable vitiating factors, they willingly enter into an agreement on terms
that are clear, then A and B are bound by their agreement.

70 However that is not the true analysis of these two documents. Apart from
its unusual terms, it was not an option _simpliciter_. There was a
contemporaneous Deed of Settlement that was meant to work in tandem with the
1st Option and both were executed at the same time. I find that the idea
originated from the Plaintiff and between KC Tan, Melvin and their lawyer,
they structured the deal and documentation accordingly. CS Lee agreed in
cross-examination that he gave his “input” to his clients and their
instructions. The idea of calling the second document a “Deed of Settlement”
was his and I find that the idea to date this later than the 1st Option was
also, despite his denial, at CS Lee’s insistence (see Notes of Evidence, 8
July 2010, p 34). CS Lee was evasive and combative in cross-examination but it
was more in the spirit of putting forward the best case for his client and
defending his part in the structuring of the deal. Whilst at times he came
close to it, CS Lee did not cross the line. But it did damage the credibility
of his version of the facts. The 1st Option, as noted earlier, has a number of
very unusual features. More than that, it was accompanied by a rather
misleading Deed of Settlement, which was signed at the same time as the 1st
Option, but the language contained there was, as CS Lee himself admitted, apt
to “mislead” an uninformed party of the true situation. CS Lee admitted in
cross-examination this was an “unusual transaction” and despite his efforts in
trying to equate this to a granting of an option and a genuine _subsequent_
agreement to cancel the option, the effect of his evidence was that he had not
done this kind of deal before.

71 Despite the claims of the Plaintiff otherwise, I find that on the evidence
of the parties and the documents, the true nature of the 1st Option and the
Deed of Settlement was to disguise a loan with security, the security being
the Property. There are many objective factors that point to this in addition
to the unusual terms and the need for two documents as set out above.

72 First, I find it telling that in all the evidence of the 5 June 2009
meeting, no one really negotiated the purchase price, in the sense of
bargaining over it, and this was despite the many statements of intention. I
find that the focus of the meeting was on AA’s ability to repay the $1.5
million and compensation. The Plaintiff’s KC Tan and Melvin also admitted that
the “purchase price” of $20 million had no relation to the value of the
Property and it was referenced to the outstanding loan of the 1st Defendant to
HLF (see Notes of Evidence, 5 July 2010, pp 37-38 and 7 July 2010, pp 7-8).
The _only_ valuation that was in existence then – the Colliers Valuation – had
a forced sale value of $23.2 million. Even with _ex post facto_ justification,
the Plaintiff’s valuation expert, Mr Daniel Ee, put the forced sale value at
the relevant time as $21.6 million. It was totally illogical and highly
unlikely that three experienced businessmen would “agree” upon a genuine
purchase price that was significantly below that of the forced sale value. I
cannot see how KC Tan and Melvin could believe AA would agree to such a
proposal – to sell below the forced sale value just for an immediate loan of
$1.5 million - when AA could just let HLF take over the Property and sell it
for at least $23.2 million. AA would have cleared his loan with HLF and have a
balance of some $2 to 3 million left over. The draft documents prior to the 5
June 2009 meeting showed no agreed price nor agreed “option fee”. I do not
accept the evidence of KC Tan and Melvin that they only wanted to purchase the
Property at the “lowest” price and were not interested in giving any loan.

73 Secondly, there was another very telling fact. The evidence of the parties
was, and I so find, that what was put on the table, “hot-off-press”, was a
search made on AA on 5 June 2009 itself and it showed many actions against AA.
It is not in dispute that KC Tan and Melvin used this high “credit risk” to
push the option fee down from $2 million to $1.5 million. CS Lee, who is a
very senior and experienced conveyancer, had to admit that it is not disputed
in law (a point that I shall deal with below), that AA’s financial position
would not affect the 1st Defendant’s, as contradistinct to AA’s, ability to
give good title as registered proprietor in a conveyancing transaction. Both
KC Tan and Melvin admitted that they knew and were advised that they could buy
from a registered proprietor unaffected by the interest of a shareholder or
beneficiary under a trust in relation to the company; in short, AA’s personal
financial status would not affect the purchase of the Property (see Notes of
Evidence, 6 July 2010, pp 87-88; 8 July 2010, pp 19-20). If they were really
only interested in the purchase of the Property, these actions against AA
would not have affected any “credit risk” and they could proceed with the
purchase unaffected by AA’s personal financial position.

74 It is appropriate to say at this juncture that I find KC Tan’s evidence
very unreliable. He feigned ignorance on many things and kept up the simple
mantra that he was only interested in property, smelt a good deal and went
after it. He very unconvincingly tried to maintain that unless something was
in writing, there was no contract. He ended up getting tangled in his own mind
over the effect of an oral agreement. His answers came quite close to AA’s
approach in saying what suited his purpose, irrespective of whether that made
sense or not. I find that he is no simpleton, he is shrewd and street-smart.
Although he chose to give his evidence in Chinese, he spent most of his time
intently reading the live note before him instead of listening to the
translator. He was very combative and a good example of his sparring with
counsel and not answering the question appear at the Notes of Evidence, 7 July
2010, pp 43 to 53. Melvin fared better. He came across as a very intelligent,
calm and collected witness. But under relentless cross-examination, his
untenable positions came through and his lack of candour became evident. He
maintained he was concerned over AA’s financial position even after he
admitted he was advised that it did not affect his right to buy from a
registered proprietor (see Notes of Evidence, 6 July 2010, pp 81-82). There
were also times when he clearly understood the question but played for time by
pretending not to understand the question and asked for it to be repeated or
simplified.

75 Thirdly, the picture that the Plaintiff presented to Court was not candid
or forthright. This can clearly be seen by the first affidavit filed in these
proceedings – they had an option, the vendor was in default and they prayed
for specific performance. There was no mention of the second document, _ie_ ,
the Deed of Settlement. Also, the litigation search on AA that featured so
prominently in the 5 June 2009 meeting was only discovered by the Plaintiff in
their Supplemental List of Documents on 1 July 2010, at the doorstep of trial.
This was after the Opening Statements had been filed and the rather
disingenuous statement at paragraph 5 of the Plaintiff’s Joint Reply Affidavit
filed on 1 July 2010 states:

At paragraph 27 of Mr Anwar’s AEIC he claims that our lawyer, Mr Lee Chow Soon
(“Mr Lee”), said at the meeting of 5 June 2009 that he wanted to do a “search
on litigation suits” against Mr Anwar, and that Mr Lee said that there were
“many legal suits” and there was a “credit risk issue”. At paragraph 8 of Mr
Low’s AEIC, Mr Low states that Mr Lee “made some adverse comments on some
searches he had done on Mr Anwar and his company Kapital Asia Pte Ltd”. This
did not happen.

This lack of candour also showed up in their cross-examination, especially
that of Melvin. Having the illogic of a purchase price of $20 million, he
tried to say that as experienced property developers they had their “own sense
of the value of the Property at that time”. He was forced to acknowledge that
$20 million was below even that of a forced sale value and his own expert
witness gave a forced sale value of $21.6 million. He also accepted under
cross-examination that AA never intended to sell the Property (see Notes of
Evidence, 6 July 2010, pp 41-42).

76 Fourthly, during cross-examination CS Lee suddenly volunteered, without any
prompting, that he had in mind the amended Moneylenders Act at the relevant
time and that “...even if it is a loan, which it was not, would not be caught
under the Moneylender’s (_sic_) Act. So I have no reason why I should avoid
this loan document ...” (see Notes of Evidence, 8 July 2010, pp 41-42). It is
not disputed that AA was desperate for money, the Plaintiff knew this and that
AA was looking for a short term loan. On the evidence I find it very clear
that AA did not intend to sell the Property at $20 million and Melvin knew
this (see Notes of Evidence, 6 July 2010, pp 41-42). In para 15 of the 15
January 2010 Joint Affidavit of KC Tan and Melvin, it is telling that they
claim the Plaintiff took a risk because “...it was uncertain whether _[AA] or
the 1 st Defendant_ would be able to _repay the money_ by the deadline ...”
(emphasis added). I also accept Mr Yeo SC’s submission that if the Plaintiff
had only wanted to purchase the Property and AA insisted on a cancellation
right, the normal and usual reaction would have been to reject it and tell AA
to come back when he was ready to sell. When asked, Melvin’s garbled answer
was:

To have – this was a condition that he wanted to impose on the sale and
purchase and we had to agree in order to have a realistic chance of buying the
property at 20 million, to at least have an attractive price.

(Notes of Evidence, 6 July 2010, pp 38-39)

77 It is clear law that the Court is entitled to go behind whatever labels
that parties chose to put on their transactions, to ascertain their true
nature and purport. It is a matter of substance over form and labels: see Kim
Lewinson, _The Interpretation of Contracts_ (Sweet & Maxwell, 3rd Ed, 2007) at
para 9.07, cited with approval in _MCST No.1933 v Liang Huat Aluminium Ltd_
[2001] 2 SLR(R) 91 at [46] and _Welsh Development Agency v Export Finance Co
Ltd_ (1992) BCLC 148\. The true nature and purport of these two documents show
a clear loan amount of $1.5 million (negotiated down from $2 million after AA,
not the 1st Defendant, was said to be a credit risk due to the many actions
against him) and called an “option fee”, the loan period was 60 days and there
was a hefty interest of $180,000 labelled as “compensation”, which amounted to
6% per month or 72% per annum and it was secured on the Property. The unusual
features of the 1st Option and the misleading wording and date of the Deed of
Settlement have already been addressed above. This includes the non-payment of
any further sum upon exercise of the 1st Option – the obvious reason being the
counter-intuitive need to pay the 1st Defendant any additional sum upon its
default to repay the loan and compensation. If the Plaintiff only wanted to
purchase the Property, and since AA was a “credit risk” and his ability to
repay the large option fee was questionable, all the Plaintiff had to do was
to wait out the option period and proceed with all speed once the 60 day
period had passed. One also asks, why did CS Lee in his first draft Option
build in such a long option period of some 3 months and in his draft Deed of
Settlement provide in Clause B(f) that in the event of “default” of the 1st
Defendant, of any of its obligations “herein”, _ie_ , the Deed of Settlement
and Clause B, which related to the cancellation mechanism and repayments, the
Plaintiff “... shall be entitled to enforce their rights _under this
Agreement_ against the [1st Defendant] in any manner howsoever including
instituting legal proceedings and _seeking judgement_ and enforcement _on the
basis of the admission herein_ by [the 1st Defendant] _of the payments herein
stated_...” (emphasis added). If there was a failure to cancel the 1st Option,
the Plaintiff could proceed with the purchase and completion. It certainly
could not sue the 1st Defendant _also_ for the $2 million option fee or the
$250,000 compensation.

78 Lastly, the Plaintiff’s and AA’s conduct after the signing of these
documents confirms to me, beyond doubt, the above findings.

79 In so saying I have borne in mind that the _Liang Huat_ case confirms that
the relevant intention of the parties, objectively ascertained, is at the time
they entered into the contract and not thereafter. I also note that in _Zurich
Insurance_ the Court of Appeal stated that where extrinsic and contextual
evidence is admissible to construe a document, there should be no rigid
prohibition against subsequent conduct although in the normal case it would
probably be inadmissible. The Court of Appeal noted that subsequent conduct
remains a controversial and evolving issue and will require more extensive
scrutiny at a more appropriate time. However, I am not looking at subsequent
conduct to construe the contracts. The terms of the contracts are clear
enough. Where the Court is considering whether the labels applied to the
contract or contracts are true and correct, the Court is entitled to look at,
amongst other facts, subsequent conduct of the parties to see how they
implemented or treated the contract or contracts; _a fortiori_ when, as CS Lee
admits, it is an unusual transaction (and in effect even accepted that he had
not done this before). However, the fact remains that the conduct of the
Plaintiff and their lawyer was quite at odds with this being a true sale and
purchase of property; moreover, these facts will also be very relevant to the
issues of waiver and estoppel which I shall come to later.

80 As noted above, AA tried to cancel the 1st Option by tendering a cheque for
$1.68 million on 7 August 2009 and by a letter dated 11 August 2009, the
Plaintiff rejected this attempt to cancel the 1st Option, as it was entitled
to, for being out of time and not in compliance with the Deed of Settlement,
which called for payment by a Cashier’s Order. Nothing happened thereafter
until 27 August 2009 when TLP wrote to NCH LLP exercising the 1st Option to
purchase the Property. This 27 August 2009 letter asked for, _inter alia_ ,
the title deeds, certified resolutions approving the sale, copy of the
approved draft Total Discharge of Mortgage and a current copy of the property
tax bill and evidence of payment. Under the 1st Option, the Plaintiff had
until 4 pm on 31 August 2009 to exercise the 1st Option. It is not disputed
that the completion date was 19 November 2009. Despite there being no response
nor reaction from NCH LLP to the exercise of the 1st Option on 27 August 2009,
the Plaintiff and TLP remained silent for about two months until 26 October
2009 when TLP wrote to NCH LLP stating that they needed the documents
requested urgently to prepare for completion and if NCH LLP failed to do so,
their client would be forced to apply for specific performance. It seemed
almost as an afterthought that TLP sent a letter to NCH LLP 5 days later, on
30 October 2009, enclosing their draft Transfer for approval and asked for the
title deeds and completion account; something that one would have expected at
the very least to have been contained in the 26 October 2009 letter. NCH LLP
replied on the same day, 30 October 2009 rather enigmatically, that they were
taking their client’s instructions and would revert as soon possible.

81 In the meanwhile, the Plaintiff did not offer any evidence of their taking
any serious steps to obtain financing for the purchase. The paid-up capital of
the Plaintiff was $2,000 and the 31 March 2009 Balance Sheet shows cash
balances of only $21,161(see 1.AB at p 142). There is no other evidence apart
from an offer from HLF to the Plaintiff dated 9 September 2009 to finance the
purchase of the Property. But this was never accepted by the Plaintiff and it
is worth noting that one of the conditions of the proposed HLF loan was that
the paid-up capital of the Plaintiff had to be increased to $100,000. It
should also be noted that the parties had reached their first “settlement”
agreement on 3 September 2009, (see [85] below). The Plaintiff commenced this
action and asked for specific performance on the basis that it was ready,
willing and able to complete the purchase and this was challenged. There was
no other evidence to show that the Plaintiff had the means to complete the
purchase. In an attempt to plug this gap, KC Tan said with great bravado on
the stand that he could put $30 million into the Plaintiff the next day if
required. Unfortunately, the time to produce the evidence had long past and I
am fully justified to ignore offers of this nature to produce evidence whilst
under cross-examination, assuming I believe KC Tan, which I do not.

82 If the Plaintiff was truly only interested to purchase the Property at this
very “attractive purchase price” of $20 million or $3.2 million below the
forced sale value, I would have expected, and I so find, that they would have
proceeded to exercise the 1st Option and move with all speed to complete the
purchase after 11 August 2009. But nothing of this sort happened. The dates on
the various legal requisitions betray the Plaintiff’s avowed intention to
purchase the Property. Despite the much shorter time for answers to return
from the authorities nowadays, the sending of requisitions on 16 and 20
November 2009 for a completion on 19 November 2009 cannot by any stretch of
imagination be seen as being timely. It is also noteworthy that the Plaintiff
only stamped the 1st Option on 24 November 2009, one day before it commenced
these proceedings and not within 14 days from the date which the 1st Option
was exercised, _ie_ , by 10 September 2009. In cross-examination Melvin agreed
that the Plaintiff wanted to avoid paying stamp duty if it could receive a sum
of money in exchange for the cancellation of the 1st Option (see Notes of
Evidence, 6 July 2010, p 110), and that the only reason why stamp duty was
paid was to be able to sue on it (see Notes of Evidence, 6 July 2010, p 114).

83 This brings me to the next glaring fact. There were, and I so find,
subsequent agreements to allow AA to find another buyer provided AA paid the
Plaintiff, at first $3.5 million, and later revised upward to $5 million, in
exchange for relinquishing its rights under the 1st Option. There were
undeniable exchanges of SMS messages between AA, KC Tan and Melvin referring
to the securing of a second purchaser and it is no surprise that the
prospective second purchasers were mentioning current market value purchase
prices. Again there were absolutely no references to these negotiations in the
earlier affidavits of the Plaintiff. I find that this evidence was suppressed
until they had no choice because AA produced the evidence of subsequent
settlement negotiations. Melvin was forced to concede through cross-
examination, that the Plaintiff’s witnesses had given misleading evidence when
they claimed they were adamant about purchasing the Property (see Notes of
Evidence, 6 July 2010, pp 157-160). It is clear there was never any hint from
them that there were such negotiations. Melvin’s evidence under cross-
examination on this issue shows him being less than candid in his answers and
I accordingly do not believe much of his evidence, especially when it comes to
the Plaintiff’s intentions. Melvin had to concede they concealed the
settlement reached in November 2009 in no less than 5 earlier affidavits until
their AEIC filed on 25 June 2010.

84 The evidence shows, and I so find, that even prior to the Plaintiff’s
exercise of the 1st Option, there were SMS exchanges between 24 to 27 August
2009 which clearly show that discussions on cancellation of the 1st Option had
begun. Melvin was eventually forced to admit that the Plaintiff was trying to
obtain more compensation in exchange for not exercising the 1st Option:

Q:Anyway, you now agree that you had these discussions before you exercised
the option; Mr Agus Anwar made proposals; you all made counterproposals. Okay
so far?

A:Yes.

Q:In your counterproposals, you agree that the defendants [_sic_] were trying
to see whether they could get additional compensation, that means over and
above the 180,000, out of Mr Anwar; correct?

A:Yes

(see Notes of Evidence, 6 July 2010, p 97).

And in characteristically evasive answers, he then claims that he could not
recall any details but conceded that “…it could have been in the millions”
(see Notes of Evidence, 6 July 2010, p 97). These negotiations continued after
the exercise of the 1st Option and it is the clear reason why CS Lee was not
proceeding with all speed toward completion, as he would have if the Plaintiff
was genuinely interested only in purchasing the Property.

85 I find that there was an agreement reached on 3 September 2009 between the
Plaintiff and the 1st Defendant. The agreement was that AA could find another
buyer and pay a greatly enhanced “compensation”. This was confirmed in an SMS
sent by Melvin to AA on 9 September 2009 at 20:13:35 where the former asked
for a “...cashier’s order for the full amount of S$3.5 million by this
Friday...” and the SMS sent by Melvin to AA on 14 September 2009 where he
referred to a “settlement” (see 1.AB pp 233 and 243). Melvin confirmed under
cross-examination that the $3.5 million comprised the return of the $1.5
million option fee and $2 million being the “compensation” for cancellation of
the 1st Option:

Q:I just want to understand. And the 3.5 million was supposed to encompass the
1.5 million?

A:Yes.

Q:And it would encompass the 180,000?

A:Yes

Q:So it is basically 1.5 million plus compensation of 2 million?

A:Yes

Q:So, although in your minds, on 27 August, as you told us, you have already
exercised your option to buy the property, you were still prepared to give it
back if you got an extra $2 million; correct?

A:Yes

Q:Mr Poh, I would suggest to you that that itself indicates this was not a
true sale, but you were just trying to get more compensation, as a good
businessman, out of Mr Anwar. You can agree or not agree.

A:Agree.

(see Notes of Evidence, 6 July 2010, p 108).

Melvin tried to characterise this as an in-principle agreement, which I do not
accept. The necessary essential terms had been agreed upon.

86 In the event, AA was unable to meet that deadline. But discussions along a
similar vein continued through late September, October and into early November
2009 when another agreement was reached, except that this time, the
compensation quantum was $5 million. This second agreement is set out in the
exchange of correspondence dated 6, 10 and 11 November 2009 between JLC
Advisers LLP (“JLC LLP”) (the new lawyers acting for the 1st Defendant in
place of NCH LLP) and TLP.

87 CS Lee admits that he knew, pre-November 2009, that there were discussions
between his clients and AA on “settlement” (see Notes of Evidence, 8 July
2010, pp 25-26), and his clients kept him posted of developments. Yet to help
pile on the pressure, TLP wrote to NCH LLP on 4 November 2009 stating that
their searches showed that the 1st Defendant had granted an option to the 2nd
Intervener and threatened to issue proceedings. On 6 November 2009, JLC LLP
wrote to TLP, referring to an “agreement reached” between their respective
clients and upon the 1st Defendant paying $5 million, the Plaintiff will
“abort” the purchase of the Property and withdraw their two caveats. TLP’s
response on 10 November 2009 was that there was an agreement provided that
payment was to be made by Cashier’s Order by 16 November 2009 and asked for
confirmation by the next day on this stipulation, failing which their
“...client’s agreement...” was null and void. On 11 November 2009, JLC LLP
replied to TLP accepting the terms. On the same day, as noted above, TLP
rather disingenuously, wrote to the 1st Defendant stating that they were
acting for LSH and demanding payment of $300,000 commission for securing the
Plaintiff as buyer of the Property and, without having any basis, stated that
“...completion of sale & purchase of the above property will take place on 19
November 2009”. CS Lee was forced to accept under cross-examination that this
last statement was untrue. On 13 November 2009, TLP wrote another letter to
JLC LLP stating that they act for LSH, asking for the Cashier’s Order of $5
million for the payment to the Plaintiff on “completion” on 16 November 2009
and $300,000 in favour of LSH. In the meanwhile, on 13 November 2009, TLP
forwarded their draft withdrawal of caveats for JLC LLP’s perusal.

88 I find that these agreements involved AA looking for other buyers at the
market price so as to pay the Plaintiff back, (see Notes of Evidence, 6 July
2010, p 118). In an SMS sent on 28 September 2009 at 15:12:48 from AA to
Melvin, the latter was informed that AA was “...waiting for the contract to be
signed. Will revert asap”. The contents speak for themselves and there was no
protest from Melvin as I would have expected if their case was true. Again
AA’s SMS sent on 2 October 2009 at 15:09:55 read: “...now _waiting to sign an
option_ ” (emphasis added). Again there was no protest or objection. Melvin’s
response SMS at 15:11:58, just some two minutes later, read: “..._our
settlement_ must be fully secured and everything must be settled by Monday...”
to which AA replied at 15:13:08: “...will tell _buyer_ ” (emphasis added). The
italicised words cannot be misunderstood. Indeed Melvin had no choice but to
agree under cross-examination when confronted with these SMS messages that AA
was in fact keeping him informed about finding another buyer and the Plaintiff
did not stop him (see Notes of Evidence, 6 July 2010, pp 122 and 124).

89 I find it telling that in the Plaintiff’s Joint Affidavit filed on 15
January 2010, the Plaintiff stated quite untruthfully at paragraph 35 that
between 16 September 2009 and 3 November 2009 “...there was only silence from
the 1st Defendant”. I also find it telling that the Plaintiff concealed the
settlement reached in November 2009 in no less than 5 earlier affidavits and
it was only in their AEIC filed on 25 June 2010 that Melvin attempts to
explain that they did not disclose the settlement earlier because of the very
lame excuse that they were privileged communications.

90 The agreement reached on 11 November 2009 was breached because AA needed
more time to make payment. This was because the 2nd Intervener had lawyers on
board by then and the problem was who would move first. The Plaintiff wanted
to be paid first, before they released their caveats and privilege under the
1st Option, but AA could not get the money until the second buyer made a
substantial downpayment and who was obviously not prepared to pay anything so
long as the Plaintiff’s caveats remained. I can now turn to the Plaintiff’s
claim for specific performance.

Specific Performance

91 I shall deal with the effect of the September and November 2009
“agreements” later and put them to one side for the time being. The
Plaintiff’s claim for specific performance lies in equity and is therefore a
discretionary remedy: see Tang Hang Wu, Kelvin FK Low, _Tan Sook Yee’s
Principles of Singapore Land Law_ (LexisNexis, 3rd Ed, 2009) (“ _Tan Sook Yee_
”) at para 16.116. In _Ng Bok Eng Holdings Pte Ltd and another v Wong Ser Wan_
[2005] 4 SLR(R) 561, the Court of Appeal stated at [54] thus:

Under para 14 of the First Schedule to the Supreme Court of Judicature Act
(Cap 322, 1999 Rev Ed), it is expressly provided that the High Court has the
"[p]ower to grant all reliefs and remedies at law and in equity". Of course,
this only sets out the general power of the High Court. It would be for the
court in each case to decide whether a particular relief ought to be granted
in the circumstances there prevailing. As we have noted above, Lord Hardwicke
in _Higgins_ did not give any reason as to why the relief by way of account
should not be ordered in addition to the relief of having the property, which
was conveyed in breach of the Elizabethan Statute, restored. While it is true
that an account of profits is the traditional remedy for breaches of equitable
obligations, it did not mean that that remedy may not be granted by the court
in other situations. _No rule should remain immutable in the eyes of equity.
Ultimately, it is the justice of the case which will dictate what relief will
be appropriate_.

(emphasis added)

92 In my view, the Plaintiff would fail to obtain specific performance on five
separate grounds.

93 The first ground is the perceived principle that the Plaintiff is entitled
to specific performance as a matter of right since this is a purchase of land
or real property. It is generally accepted that a contract for the purchase of
land, land being property with unique qualities, damages would not provide an
adequate remedy for the innocent party and it has generally been accepted that
specific performance, apart from equitable defences, is available as a matter
of right. In R Meagher, D Heydon, M Leeming, _Meagher Gummow & Lehane’s Equity
Doctrines & Remedies_ (Butterworths LexisNexis, 4th Ed, 2002), the learned
editors state at para 20-035:

**Contracts for the disposition of interests in land**. Contracts for the
dispositions of interests in land are, far more commonly than contracts of any
other description, the subject of orders for specific performance. Damages are
not an adequate remedy for failure by a vendor to complete a contract for the
sale of land (_Adderley v Dixon_ (1824) 1 Sim & St 607 at 610; 57 ER 239 at
240; _Dougan v Ley_ (1946) 71 CLR 142 at 150 per Dixon J), even if the
purchaser is acquiring the lands as, in effect, part of his stock-in-trade:
for instance, for the purpose of subdivision and sale: _Pianta v National
Finance & Trustees Ltd_ (1964) 180 CLR 146 at 151; [1965] ALR 737 at 739-740
per Barwick CJ, but cf _Loan Investment Corp of Australasia v Bonner_ [1970]
NZLR 724 at 735. Similarly, in the case of an agreement to lease land damages
are not an adequate remedy, although in some cases specific performance may be
refused on the ground of futility

94 In _Excelsior Hotel Pte Ltd v Hiap Bee (Singapore) Pte Ltd, (OCBC Finance
(Singapore) Ltd, intervener)_ [1989] 2 SLR(R) 322, which concerned two shop
units in the Excelsior Hotel and Shopping Centre, it was the converse
situation where the vendor sought specific performance of a sale agreement
against the purchaser. Chao Hick Tin JC (as he then was) ruled that under the
common law, it was clear that a vendor of immovable property had as much a
right to ask for specific performance of a contract of sale as a purchaser
would have. Chao JC stated at [9]-[10]:

9 Under common law, it is clear that a vendor of immovable property has as
much right to ask for specific performance of a contract of sale as a
purchaser would have. Gareth Jones, William Goodhart, _Specific Performance_
(Butterworths, 1986) states the following at p 91:

As long ago as 1804 Sir William Grant MR said that a court of equity will
always decree specific performance of a contract for land; it is “as much of
course in this Court to decree a specific performance, as it is to give
damages at Law”. Damages are only deemed to be an adequate remedy if the
defendant has an equitable defence to the plaintiff’s claim. _Land is deemed
to have a special and peculiar value for the purchaser, and no enquiry is made
as to the value of the land or as to the possibility that a substantially
similar piece of land may be obtained elsewhere_. The vendor can also sue for
specific performance although the claim is merely to recover a sum of money.
He can do so, “although as at the date of the writ the contract has been fully
performed except for the payment of the purchase price or part thereof”.

10 _Halsbury’s Laws of England_ vol 44 (Butterworths, 4th Ed, 1983) at para
414 states the following:

Since land may have “a peculiar and special value” to a purchaser, a claim for
specific performance of an agreement to sell or grant an interest in land will
not be refused on the ground that damages would be an adequate remedy, even if
the interest to be granted is a lease for a short term or a mere contractual
licence to enter on land for a temporary purpose.

(emphasis added)

95 Two things should be noted. First, the learned Judge did not go so far as
to say specific performance would always be given as of right. He merely ruled
that the vendor had as much _right_ as the purchaser _to ask_ for the
equitable remedy of specific performance. Secondly, I also doubt that Sir
William Grant MR’s pronouncement in 1804 (_Hall v Warren_ (1804) 9 Ves 605 at
608, and also _Adderley v Dixon_ (1824) 57 ER 239, per Sir John Leach VC),
that land is “deemed to have a special and peculiar value for the purchaser”
and “no enquiry is made” as to the value of the land, _ie_ , for damages, or
the possibility of a substantially similar piece of land elsewhere, holds good
today and in all circumstances. If a vendor defaults in the sale of his shop
unit which is along a corridor in a large shopping complex, why should the
unit next door (assuming there are no negative factors that are not also
affecting the unit in question), which is available, not be a perfectly good
substitute and also a basis for damages if the purchaser cannot show that the
unit next door is somehow not an equivalent?

96 In my respectful view, _Good Property Land Development Pte Ltd v Societe
Generale_ [1989] 1 SLR(R) 97, is to be preferred. There, Chan Sek Keong J (as
he then was), in the context of an application by the mortgagor for an interim
injunction against the mortgagee from exercising its power of sale of the
mortgaged property, stated, albeit _obiter_ :

25 It is not disputed that if damages were an adequate remedy to the
plaintiffs, the defendants, being a large international commercial bank, would
be able to meet any damages that result from any breach of duty by them.
However, it is settled principle that damages would not be an adequate remedy
to a party who has been or will be deprived of his enjoyment of or interest in
land. The same principle is applicable to the converse case of a claim for
specific performance of a contract of sale of land. Damages are inadequate
because no two parcels of land can be identical and a piece of land may have a
peculiar and special value in the eyes of the purchaser. Therefore, it might
be said that damages would not be an adequate remedy for the plaintiffs here
if the injunction were refused and if they were to ultimately succeed, only to
find that the sale of the mortgaged property to HPL was no longer defeasible
by virtue of s 38 of the Land Titles Act (Cap 157). This is an important
point. I have, however, in my oral judgment, said that in this case damages
would probably be an adequate remedy to the plaintiffs. It is necessary to
explain what I meant.

26 _Land may be owned for personal enjoyment (eg for dwelling or as gardens
etc) or they may be owned as investment, ie for profit. In circumstances where
the main object of owning land is not the personal enjoyment thereof but the
profit derivable therefrom, it would be unrealistic to believe that damages
would not be an adequate remedy to the owner for the loss of the mortgaged
property_. I am aware that there is high authority to the contrary: see in
_Pianta v National Finance of Trustees Ltd_ (1964) 38 ALJR 232 where Barwick
CJ said, at 233:

But in my opinion this proposition is without foundation in law, even if the
respondent had had no other business than that of subdividing and selling land
and had made a decision to subdivide and sell the subject land.

but see the Canadian authorities referred to in _Sharpe on Injunctions and
Specific Performance_ (1983) para 617.

(emphasis added)

97 In _Pianta v National Finance of Trustees Ltd_ (1964) 38 AJLR 232, cited in
the above case as “high authority” against the proposition that damages may be
an adequate remedy in some situations, Barwick CJ considered the proposition
that since the purchaser was a land developer, damages would be an adequate
remedy. He rejected this proposition as being without foundation in law, even
if the purchaser has had no other business than that of subdividing and
selling and had made a decision to subdivide and sell the subject land.
However, the real issue in _Pianta_ whether the sellers’ solicitor had the
authority to make an oral contract on behalf of his clients to sell the land
to the purchaser. What was stated by Barwick CJ was thus strictly _obiter_ and
was not dealt with by the other members of the court.

98 _Good Property_ was cited in _Cathay Theatres Pte Ltd v LKM Investment
Holding Pte Ltd_ [1999] SGHC 171 where Lee Seiu Kin JC (as he then was) noted
at [103] that Chan J was not concerned directly with the question of specific
performance. However, Lee JC, without deciding the issue, stated that the
views expressed in _Sharpe_ and in _Good Property_ have “great merit”.

99 In England, the position is that specific performance is granted in respect
of a sale and purchase of land due to the perceived “uniqueness” of land
unless there is some equitable defence. Robert Pearce and John Stevens, _The
Law of Trusts and Equitable Obligations_ (Oxford University Press, 4th Ed,
2006) states at p 34:

(a) Contracts concerning land

Land is always deemed to be unique as it is assumed that there is no identical
market alternative. Therefore, as Lord Diplock observed in _Sudbrook Trading
Estate Ltd v Eggleton_ , damages would:

“… constitute a wholly inadequate and unjust remedy for the breach. That is
why the normal remedy is by a decree of specific performance …”.

Specific performance is therefore available in respect of a contract for the
sale of land, for the grant of an interest in land or even for the grant of a
licence to occupy the land. …

However, the learned authors considered the situations where a defence against
specific performance would be available to a defendant and stated at p 42 that
hardship is one such ground:

(d) Specific performance is a discretionary remedy, and the courts may refuse
to grant it if it would cause great hardship to the defendant or a third
party. In _Patel v Ali_ Mr and Mrs Ali had entered into a contract to sell
their house to Mr and Mrs Patel. Mr Ali was then adjudicated bankrupt and
spent a year in prison. Mrs Ali was diagnosed as having bone cancer, had a leg
amputated just before the birth of her second child, and then subsequently had
a third child. In these circumstances Goulding J refused an order for specific
performance on the grounds of the hardship to the plaintiffs. He stressed
that:

‘The important and true principle … is that _only in extraordinary and
persuasive circumstances can hardship supply an excuse for resisting
performance of a contract for the sale of immoveable property_ …”.

(emphasis added)

100 Similarly in _Chitty_ , in considering the situations which might make it
appropriate for the equitable remedy of specific performance, the learned
editor states at para 27-005 and para 27-007:

... “The standard question ... ‘Are damages an adequate remedy?’ might
perhaps, in the light of the authorities in recent years, be rewritten: ‘Is it
just, in all the circumstances, that a plaintiff should be confined to his
remedy in damages?’”

...

**Land**. The law takes the view that the purchaser of a particular piece of
land or of a particular house (however ordinary) cannot, on the vendor’s
breach, obtain a satisfactory substitute, so that specific performance is
available to the purchaser. _It seems that this is so even though the
purchaser had bought for resale_. ... (emphasis added)

However, various grounds for refusing specific performance are also set out by
the learned editor:

27-031 **Severe hardship to defendant**. Specific performance may be refused
on the ground that the order will cause severe hardship to the defendant... On
the other hand, “mere pecuniary difficulties” would “afford no excuse.”...

...

27-033 **Inadequacy of consideration**. The authorities on inadequacy of
consideration as a ground for refusing specific performance are not easy to
reconcile. On the one hand it is settled that _mere_ inadequacy of
consideration is not a grant for refusing to grant the remedy. On the other
hand, the statement that inadequacy of consideration is not a ground for
refusing specific performance unless it is “such as shocks the conscience and
amounts in itself to conclusive and decisive evidence of fraud” is probably
too narrow, even when allowance is made for the possibility that fraud may
have had a wider meaning in equity that at law. _The best view seems to be
that specific performance may be refused where inadequacy of consideration is
coupled with some other factor not necessarily amounting to fraud or other
invalidating cause at law – for example, surprise, or unfair advantage taken
by the claimant of his superior knowledge or bargaining position, even though
such other circumstances do not justify rescission of the contract_. ...

(emphasis added)

101 In contrast, in Canada, even though the position used to be that specific
performance was granted as a matter of course for sale and purchase of land,
there appears to be a recent change in the approach taken by the courts where
specific performance may not be granted if the purchaser’s interest in the
land is purely commercial: see Robert J Sharpe, _Injunctions and Specific
Performance_ (Canada Law Book, 2009 loose leaf edition) (“ _Sharpe_ ”) at para
8.10.

102 In _Semelhago v Paramadevan_ (1996) 136 DLR (4th) 1 (“ _Semelhago_ ”), the
Supreme Court of Canada was concerned with the question of whether a purchaser
of a residential property, who had elected for damages in lieu of specific
performance, was entitled to the increase in the value of the property which
arose after the date fixed for closing the transaction. In the course of her
judgment, Sopinka J stated at [21]-[22]:

21 It is no longer appropriate … to maintain a distinction in the approach to
specific performance as between realty and personalty. It cannot be assumed
that damages for breach of contract for the purchase and sale of real estate
will be an inadequate remedy in all cases.

22 Courts have tended, however, to simply treat all real estate as being
unique and to decree specific performance unless there are some other reason
for refusing equitable relief. ... Some courts, however, have begun to
question the assumption that damage will afford an inadequate remedy for
breach of contract for the purchase of land. In _Chaulk v Fairview
Construction Ltd_ (1977) 14 Nfld. & P.E.I.R 13, the Newfoundland Court of
Appeal (_per_ Gushue J.A.) ... stated, at p 21:

The question here is, whether damages would have afforded Chaulk an adequate
remedy, and I have no doubt that they could, and would, have. There was
nothing whatever unique or irreplaceable about the houses and lots bargained
for. They were merely subdivision lots with houses, all of the same general
design, built on them, which the respondent was purchasing for investment or
re-sale purposes only. He had sold the first two almost immediately at a
profit, and intended to do the same with the remainder. It would be quite
different if we were dealing with a house or houses which were of a particular
architectural design, or were situated in a particularly desirable location,
but this was certainly not the case.

Specific performance should, therefore, not be granted as a matter of course
absent evidence that the property is unique to the extent that its substitute
would not be readily available.

103 In _Sharpe_ , the author cited _Semelhago_ and stated at paras 8.60-8.70:

... the effect of _Semelhago_ , is not to replace the presumption of
uniqueness with the presumption of replaceability, but as explained by Low J,
“ _to open the door to a critical inquiry as to the nature and function of the
property in relation to the prospective purchaser”. Where the purchaser’s
interest is investment or resale, the proposition that a substitute could not
be found and that therefore damages are inadequate is dubious and specific
performance will be refused_. …

Similar considerations arise where the purchaser is a speculator acquiring the
property for profit on a resale. Land is a fungible good to such a purchaser
and the arguments which have been considered elsewhere in this book as to the
relative advantages and disadvantages of specific performance and damages
apply. Again, it may be argued that since land is so especially difficult to
value objectively, a purchaser should not be forced to accept the assessment
of others. On the other hand, granting specific performance will often allow
such a purchaser, at the expense of the vendor, a risk-free period of
speculation between the date of the breach and the date of the trial. There
seems to be no reason why a speculator in real estate should not be subject to
the same principle of mitigation as the speculator in any other commodity.

(emphasis added)

The learned author concluded at para 8.90:

One disadvantage of assessing the adequacy of damages according to the
circumstances of each particular case is that an element of uncertainty is
introduced. The rule which prevailed, until recently, was to presume the
inadequacy of damages in the case of land and, while this presumption may seem
inappropriate in particular cases, it may perhaps be justified on the ground
that it is usually apt and that it provides a more or less clear and definite
rule. It may be felt that it is important for both parties to know what form
of remedy is available, not only to avoid the cost of litigation, but also to
enable the purchaser to know whether to buy a substitute, and to enable the
vendor to know whether to resell. _On the other hand, the equitable origin of
specific performance has meant that discretion has been its hallmark.
Certainty is not the only legal value worth pursuing in the remedial context
and perhaps the courts are appropriately confident that identifiable
principles of sufficient clarity underlie recent decisions which question the
traditional presumption_. As Adams J observed after reviewing the significant
number of cases in which specific enforcement in favour of a vendor has been
refused:

There is no suggestion in the cases reviewed above of remedial anarchy.
Rather, there is a conscious effort to explore the real inadequacy of monetary
relief in relation to land agreements as well as any failure to mitigate
because of the contribution of these twin principles to self-ordering and
contract policy.

(emphasis added)

104 New Zealand follows the Canadian position. In _Landco Albany Ltd v Fu Hao
Construction Ltd_ [2006] 2 NZLR 174, the Court of Appeal stated at [43] that
since the purchaser’s interest in the land was plainly commercial rather than
private or sentimental and the purchaser must have entered into the
transaction in order to make a profit, damages would in those circumstances be
an adequate remedy.

105 From these Commonwealth authorities, there appears to be two different
positions taken. In New Zealand and Canada, specific performance is not
granted as a matter of course in respect of purchase of land especially if the
purchaser bought the land purely for commercial purposes, _ie_ , profits. On
the other hand, in Australia and England, the position remains that damages
are considered inadequate in respect of land due to its perceived uniqueness
although specific performance, being a discretionary remedy, may be refused on
grounds such as exceptional hardship or inadequacy of consideration as a
result of one party taking unfair advantage of his superior bargaining
position.

106 I am of the view that the law in Singapore should follow the New Zealand
and Canadian cases and has found expression, albeit _obiter_ , in the _Good
Property Land Development_ and _Cathay Theatres_ cases referred to above. Just
because the contract involves the purchase of land, specific performance does
not follow as a matter of right. The court needs to look at all the facts and
circumstances. As _Sharpe_ correctly puts it, land in the hands of a
speculator, is a fungible good. If all that matters is the profit that the
purchaser can make upon a re-sale, then damages must be an adequate remedy.
This is so even if the object is unique, be it a piece of land, a piece of art
or shares in a private limited company. The traditional bases of personal
enjoyment and that no two pieces of land are identical, do not necessarily
hold true for all purchasers and in all cases. I do not think the Court should
only look at whether the object of the purchase is unique or only at the
reason for the purchase. The Court should look at all the facts and
circumstances of the case, including importantly, the nature and function of
the property in relation to the purchaser in question. Insofar as English and
Australian law confer (subject of course to equitable defences) specific
performance as a matter of right in a contract for the purchase of land or
real property, they should not, with respect, be followed in Singapore.

107 I must clarify two points at this juncture. First, the above should also
apply to leases of real property. Secondly, with respect, I have doubts about
the view expressed in the italicised passage in _Chitty_ at para 27-033 noted
above at [100], that perhaps the best view of the inadequacy of consideration
authorities is that specific performance may be refused where inadequacy of
consideration is coupled with some other factor like surprise, unfair
advantage taken by the claimant of his superior knowledge or bargaining
position. Further the inadequacy of the consideration must be by a significant
margin or clear in the circumstances of the case. My views on
unconscionability also apply to such a formulation which gives rise to
uncertainty in the ambit and application of such an imprecise and vague rule.
I prefer to restrict the “exceptions” to the equitable defences, such as
“coming to equity to clean hands” which are well established and adequate to
deal with particular instances of injustice.

108 Applying these principles to our case, the Plaintiff prides itself in
being a property developer. There is no element of personal enjoyment in the
ownership in the transaction with the 1st Defendant. The Plaintiff proudly
recounts in its affidavits and oral evidence the many developments they have
and that: “... [t]his transaction was, to us, merely an acquisition of an
attractive plot of land at a good price, like the other transactions that we
have done over the years”. KC Tan and Melvin also emphasize their many years,
between them, in the property and property development business. In their
Joint Affidavit filed on 15 January 2010, KC Tan is said to be a property
developer of some 20 years standing with 50 projects to his credit and at
paragraph 10, they state that in October 2006, they bought a property along
River Valley Road at $65 million and sold it some 6 months later at $133
million. I have found that on the evidence, it is clear the Plaintiff was
happy not to proceed with completion and was trying to seek some kind of quick
turnaround and large payout. I therefore find and hold that the Plaintiff is
not entitled to the remedy of specific performance. In the words of Chan J (as
he then was) in _Good Property Land_ , the Plaintiff is not holding the land
for personal enjoyment but the profit derivable therefrom, “...it would be
unrealistic to believe that damages will not be an adequate remedy”.

109 This brings me to the second ground why the Plaintiff’s claim for specific
performance fails, which is connected to the first, where damages are an
adequate remedy specific performance may be refused see _Lee Chee Wei v Tan
Hor Peow Victor_ [2007] 3 SLR(R) 537 at [53]. On the facts of this case,
damages would clearly be an adequate remedy.

110 Mr Lee SC however forcefully argues that a fundamental distinguishing
feature here is that even if damages are an adequate remedy, the 1st Defendant
is in no position to pay any damages to the Plaintiff. That would mean leaving
the Plaintiff without any substantial relief. Mr Lee SC’s point is
unfortunately robbed of much of its force in this particular case because the
Plaintiff _knew_ of AA’s financial position, sought security for its loan,
used the fact that there were many actions taken out against AA as a credit
risk and took the risk to lend money to AA, albeit through the 1st Defendant,
for a handsome reward in the first instance and a windfall in the second and
third “agreements”. It chose to take the risk of allowing the 1st Defendant to
look for a second buyer to enable it to reap those windfalls and having so
chosen, it now must face the consequences of the risk materialising.

111 I now come to the third ground upon which the Plaintiff’s claim for
specific performance must fail. Specific performance is an equitable remedy
and it is well settled that those who want to avail themselves of this
equitable remedy must come to equity with “clean hands”.

112 In _Keppel Tatlee Bank Ltd v Teck Koon Investment Pte Ltd_ [2000] 1 SLR(R)
355 Lai Siu Chiu J said at [29]: “It is well established that a person seeking
equitable relief must come to a court of equity with ‘clean hands’; in other
words, he must not have behaved unconscionably himself” (citing _Dering v Earl
of Winchelsea_ (1787) 1 Cox 319 and _Duchess of Argull v Duke of Argyll_
[1967] Ch 302). In that case, a solicitor, by acting for the mortgagor, the
nominal purchasers, himself (and another individual) as the true purchasers
and as well as for the mortgagee, acted improperly when he failed to inform
the mortgagee of this obvious conflict of interests. The learned Judge stated
that the solicitor violated the Legal Professional (Professional Conduct)
Rules, that his conduct was reprehensible and therefore even if he could
establish an equity in his favour, he should be denied any relief because he
did not come to court with clean hands (see [34] to [36]).

113 In _The Law of Trusts and Equitable Obligations_ , the learned authors
noted at p 19 that the maxim does not apply to conduct in general, but only to
illegal or inequitable conduct which has “an immediate and necessary relation
to the equity sued for”. This requirement has been accepted in _Hong Leong
Singapore Finance Ltd v United Overseas Bank_ [2007] 1 SLR(R) 292 at [224] to
[226], where Menon JC (as he then was) said:

[224] The argument raises two distinct issues which I consider separately. The
first is the principle that he who comes to equity must come with clean hands.

[225] It is true that a plaintiff in equity must approach the court with clean
hands but this does not mean he must be blameless in all ways. Firstly, the
undesirable behaviour in question must involve more than general depravity.
“[I]t must have an immediate and necessary relation to the equity sued for; it
must be a depravity in a legal as well as in a moral sense”: see _Dering v
Earl of Winchelsea_ [1775-1802] All ER Rep 140. This principle was similarly
followed in _Moody v Cox_ [1917] 2 Ch 71 where it was held by Warrington LJ at
85:

In order to prevent a man coming for relief in connection with a transaction
so tainted it must be shown that the taint has a necessary and essential
relation to the contract which is sued upon, and it is not enough to say in
general that the man is not coming with clean hands when the relief he seeks
is not based on the contract which was obtained by fraud, but is to have the
contract annulled on a ground which exists quite independently of the fact
that a bribe has been given and received.

[226] Moreover, the principle has lost some of its vitality over time. The
position is set out thus in _Halsbury’s Laws of Singapore_ vol 9(2)
(LexisNexis, 2003) at para 110.016:

The maxim has been relaxed over time and is no longer strictly enforced. The
question is whether in all the circumstances it would be a travesty of justice
to assist the plaintiff given his blameworthy participation or role in the
transaction. The whole circumstances must be taken into account having regard
to the relief sought, for the relative blameworthiness only emerges after a
complete and exhaustive scrutiny and relief which is less drastic and need not
be defeated by conduct that is less opprobrious. It has been said that the
“the conduct complained of must have an immediate and necessary relation to
the equity sued for” and “it must be a depravity in the legal as well as moral
sense”.

Whilst I agree with the foregoing, I must say, with the greatest of respect to
the learned Judicial Commissioner and the editors of _Halsbury’s Laws of
Singapore_ , that I do not quite agree that this equitable principle has
either lost its vitality over time or that it “... is no longer strictly
enforced...”.

114 Did the Plaintiff come to this Court to seek specific performance with
clean hands? In my judgment, I think not. The Plaintiff did not in both the
respects referred to above. It was certainly not a matter of just a little
general dirt under the fingernails:

(a) First the Plaintiff’s conduct related immediately, directly and
necessarily to the equity sued for. The transaction entered into would
clearly, if carried through, be at an undervalue and responsibility for that
undervalue lies squarely on the Plaintiff. The Plaintiff comes asking for
specific performance for the purchase of this Property at a price that had no
relation to its then market value. It was fixed, not really negotiated, with
respect to the outstanding mortgage and was considerably below the forced sale
value, which at that time was the only valuation available. This “price” was
pressed down on the credit risk of the 1st Defendant’s sole shareholder, not
that of the 1st Defendant. Then the Plaintiff attempted to maximise its profit
by not completing but agreeing to be bought out and reap a windfall. I have no
doubt in my mind that if a second sale had been achieved on the terms
envisaged by the Plaintiff and AA, the Plaintiff would have gone away with its
$3.5 million or $5 million and they would not be here today asking for
specific performance. The truth, as I have found, is that they never intended
to purchase the Property when they signed the 1st Option and Deed of
Settlement. They manoeuvred thereafter to maximise their profit from the
security. Having failed to get a quick windfall, they are now before this
court because the property values rose sharply thereafter and they see the
potential for an even higher payout by asking for specific performance.

(b) Secondly, they launched their proceedings with a simple claim and a
misleading affidavit, which did not mention the full facts nor, more
importantly, the Deed of Settlement which accompanied the 1st Option. The
structuring of the deal and documents was meant to mislead. As noted above,
thereafter, they were still not forthcoming in the subsequent affidavits with
the full story and further only gave incremental discovery of evidence that
was unfavourable to them. This has been dealt with above. In so saying I must
emphasize I do not criticise Mr Lee SC or his team in any way; they took over
the matter only a couple of weeks before it was first scheduled for hearing.
Further, before me, both Melvin and KC Tan continued with their untrue claim
that right from the beginning, they were only interested to purchase the
Property.

(c) Thirdly, applying Lord Parker’s formulation in _Stickney v Keeble_ [1915]
AC 386 at 419 that equity will only grant specific performance if, under all
the circumstances, it is just and equitable so to do, in all the circumstances
here it would cause severe hardship to the 1st Defendant and the conduct of
the Plaintiff demonstrates it does not deserve the remedy.

In my judgment, the Plaintiff could not satisfy the adage: he who seeks equity
must do equity: see _Beckkett Pte Ltd v Deutsche Bank AG and another and
another appeal_ [2009] 3 SLR(R) 452 at [119].

115 The fourth ground upon which the Plaintiff’s application for specific
performance must fail is that there were two subsequent agreements reached
between the Plaintiff and AA to allow AA to seek another purchaser for the
Property and to pay the Plaintiff a very largely enhanced “compensation”. I
have already dealt with the facts in relation to this above. The evidence
shows that these agreements, reached in early September and on 11 November
2009, were subsequently scuttled because the Plaintiff wanted to be paid
before removing their caveats against the Property and AA was in no position
to make payment unless the second purchaser paid the purchase price, thereby
allowing AA to make payment therefrom. Insofar as it is necessary, I also find
that sometime after 16 November 2009, after AA was unable to make payment of
the $5 million and needed a little extra time to do so, the Plaintiff changed
its mind because of the significant rise in property prices and decided to go
for a bigger payout, by claiming the Property itself. There was the proof
staring them in the eye with the 2nd Intervener’s purchase price.

116 The fifth ground upon which the Plaintiff’s claim for specific performance
must fail is estoppel by acquiescence. Estoppel by acquiescence is a defence
against specific performance: see _Meagher Gummow & Lehane’s Equity Doctrines
and Remedies_ at para 20-170. In K R Handley, _Estoppel by Conduct and
Election_ (Sweet & Maxwell, 2006) at para 12-007, the learned author states:

Acquiescence after the event is an equitable defence when inaction, delay or
other facts make it inequitable for the claimant to enforce his rights. This
defence and an estoppel by representation overlap when the claimant by his
conduct represents to the defendant that he has abandoned his rights or does
not intend to enforce them. In such a case there could be an estoppel if the
defendant was thereby induced to change his position. As Cotton LJ said in
_Allcard v Skinner_ :

“Mere delay in enforcing a right is not a defence. It is very different from
raising no objection to an act while it is being done, which may be treated as
assent to the act, and therefore as being acquiesced in [so] as to be an
equitable defence.”

117 In _Yongnam Development Pte v Somerset Development Pte Ltd_ [2004] SGCA
35, Chao Hick Tin JA considered the application of the doctrine of estoppel by
acquiescence and stated at [48]:

Estoppel by acquiescence, sometimes referred to as proprietary estoppel, was
described by Lord Cranworth LC in _Ramsden v Dyson_ (1866) LR 1 HL 129 at
140-141 and explained by Robert Goff J in _Amalgamated Investment & Property
Co Ltd v Texas Commerce International Bank Ltd_ [1982] 1 QB 84 at 103 as a
doctrine “precluding a person, who stands by and allows another to incur
expenditure or otherwise act on the basis of a mistaken belief as to his
rights, from thereafter asserting rights inconsistent with that mistaken
belief.”

118 In _Nasaka Industries (S) Pte Ltd v Aspac Aircargo Services Pte Ltd_
[1999] 2 SLR(R) 817, Prakash J cited _Halsbury’s Laws of England_ and stated
that generally, five circumstances must be present in order that the estoppel
may be raised against the party estopped: B must be mistaken as to his own
legal rights, B must expend money or do some act on the faith of his mistaken
belief, A must know of his own rights, A must know B’s mistaken belief and A
must encourage B in his expenditure of money or some other act, either
directly or by abstaining from asserting his legal rights.

119 Similarly, in _Keppel Tatlee Bank_ (see above), Lai J cited _Taylor
Fashions Ltd v Liverpool Victoria Trustees Co Ltd_ [1982] QB 133 and _Willmott
v Barber_ (1880) 15 Ch D 96 at [27] and stated that for estoppel by
acquiescence to apply, it has to be shown that the party estopped simply stood
by knowing full well that an innocent party was labouring under a mistake as
to his rights. There will be no estoppel unless the party estopped is aware of
his own rights and of the innocent party’s mistaken belief.

120 On my findings of fact, and leaving aside my finding that the true nature
of the transaction was a loan with security, the Plaintiff by its conduct
after 11 August 2009 clearly led AA to believe that it agreed, for a higher
“compensation”, to allow AA to look for another buyer and that it would not
proceed to complete the purchase of the Property. The SMS messages exchanged
are clear in their import and undeniable – the Plaintiff agreed to AA looking
for a second buyer in return for a bigger payout. The 1st Defendant has now
incurred a liability to the 2nd Intervener and must be taken to have incurred
time and expenditure by relying on these representations. The 1st Defendant
is, in all likelihood, also liable to the intermediaries who secured the
second purchaser. Lastly, AA is now embroiled in this legal action. On this
ground alone, the Plaintiff has lost its right to specific performance.

121 I now turn to two other separate issues. These two issues are premised on
the finding that the true nature of the transaction set out in the 1st Option
and Deed of Settlement is a loan secured by the Property. These two issues are
– whether the 1st Option amounts to a penalty and is therefore unenforceable
and whether the 1st Option and Deed of Settlement is a moneylending
transaction caught by the Moneylenders Act.

Penalty

122 Both the 1st Defendant and the 2nd Intervener submitted that Clause B(b)
of the Deed of Settlement is in the nature of a penalty and hence the 1st
Option is unenforceable. Clause (B)(b) of the Deed of Settlement provides that
in the event the 1st Defendant fails to “... opt for (a) above...”, _ie_ ,
“refund” the option fee and the “compensation” within the 60-day time period,
then the Plaintiff or its nominee may proceed to exercise the 1st Option
within the option validity period and complete the sale and purchase of the
Property according to the terms of the 1st Option, _ie_ , at $20 million.

123 The _locus classicus_ setting out the indicia of a penalty is _Dunlop
Pneumatic Tyre Co Ltd v New Garage & Motor Ltd_ [1915] AC 79, where Lord
Dunedin stated at 86 that the essence of a penalty is “a payment of money
stipulated as _in terrorem_ of the offending party”. He further provided some
of the applicable tests which determine if a provision is a penalty or a valid
liquidated damages clause:

(a) It will be held to be penalty if the sum stipulated for is extravagant and
unconscionable in amount in comparison with the greatest loss that could
conceivably be proved to have followed from the breach. (Illustration given by
Lord Halsbury in _Clydebank Case_);

(b) It will be held to be a penalty if the breach consists only in not paying
a sum of money, and the sum stipulated is a sum greater than the sum which
ought to have been paid (_Kemble v Farren_).

124 _Dunlop Pneumatic_ has been adopted by numerous Singapore cases, including
the Court of Appeal decision in _Hong Leong Finance Ltd v Tan Gin Huay and
another_ [1999] 1 SLR(R) 755 at [19]. The Court of Appeal held at [27] that
the provision which provided for a default interest rate of 18% per annum for
late or non-payment of money due under the mortgage had to be construed from
the point of the parties at the time of entering into the transaction, and
that the character of the provision as either penal or compensatory is to be
perceived as a matter of degree depending on all the circumstances, including
the nature of the subject matter of the agreement. The Court held that the 18%
per annum default interest rate was an extravagant increase from the original
interest rate of 5.5% per annum for the first two years of the term loan and
6.75% thereafter and was not referable to the true amount of the loss suffered
by the mortgagee.

125 The 2nd Intervener further contends that “... a transaction must be just
as objectionable and unconscionable in the eyes of equity if it requires a
transfer of property by way of a penalty on a default in paying money as if it
requires a payment of an extra or excessive sum of money” and this is clearly
so if the value of the property at the time of transfer far exceeds the actual
loss of the Plaintiff, citing the English Court of Appeal case of _Jobson v
Johnson_ [1989] 1 WLR 1026 where Dillon LJ stated at 1034-1035:

Does it make any difference then, that the penalty in the present case is not
a sum of money? In principle, a transaction must be just as objectionable and
unconscionable in the eyes of equity if it requires a transfer of property by
way of penalty on a default in paying money as if it requires a payment of an
extra, or excessive, sum of money. There is no distinction in principle
between a clause which provides that if a person makes default in paying a sum
of £100 on a certain day he shall pay a penalty of £1,000, and a clause which
provides that if a person makes default in paying a sum of £100 on a certain
day he shall by way of penalty transfer to the obligee 1,000 shares in a
certain company for no consideration. _Again there should be no distinction in
principle between a clause which requires the defaulter, on making default in
paying money, to transfer shares for no consideration, and a clause which in
like circumstances requires the defaulter to sell shares to the creditor at an
under value. In each case the clause ought to be unenforceable in equity in so
far as it is a penalty clause_.

(emphasis added)

126 On the other hand, the Plaintiff submits that the penalty clause rule has
no application to clause B(b) of the Deed of Settlement which provides for the
cancellation of the transaction. The penalty clause rule has no application
where the sum of money is payable on an event which is not a breach of
contract. The Plaintiff cites _Stansfield Business International Pte Ltd
(trading as Stansfield School of Business) v Vithya Sri Sumathis_ [1998] 3
SLR(R) 927 at [7]-[9] where Chao J (as he then was) stated the following:

7 What is a penalty clause? The classic statement on this is to be found in
the celebrated case _Dunlop Pneumatic Tyre Company, Limited v New Garage and
Motor Company, Limited_ [1915] AC 79 at 86 where Lord Dunedin stated that a
clause is penal if it provides for "a payment of money stipulated as in
_terrorem_ of the offending party", to force him to perform the contract. And
the question whether a sum stipulated is a penalty or a genuine pre-estimate
of damages is a question of construction to be decided upon the terms and
inherent circumstances of each particular contract judged of as at the time of
the making of the contract.

8 However, a claim for the sum agreed in the contract should be differentiated
from a claim in damages or for liquidated damages which is dependent upon a
breach. This is put by _Treitel on Contracts_ (9th Ed) at p 912 as follows:

A contract commonly provides for the payment by one party of an agreed sum in
exchange for some performance by the other. Goods are sold for a fixed price;
work is done for an agreed remuneration, and so forth. An action for this
price or other agreed remuneration is, in its nature, quite different from an
action for damages. It is a claim for the specific enforcement of the
defendant's primary obligation to perform what he has promised; though, as it
is simply an action for money, it is not subject to those restrictions which
equity imposes on the remedies of specific performance and injunction.

_Chitty on Contracts_ at para 1676 states:

An agreed sum cannot be a penalty unless payable upon breach. A sum payable
upon performance of the claimant's contractual obligation cannot be a penalty;
nor, at common law, can a sum which is payable upon an event other than a
breach of contract be a penalty.

9 Accordingly, for a question of penalty to arise in relation to a sum payable
under a contract, that payment must flow from a breach. A sum payable upon
some other event is not a penalty. In _Alder v Moore_ [1961] 2 QB 57, a
professional footballer received £500 from an insurance company in respect of
an injury which was thought to have disabled him permanently and he undertook
to repay the money in the event of him again playing professional football.
This was held not to be a penalty since he committed no breach when he did
play again, as he had made no promise not to do so.

127 In _Stansfield Business International_ , the plaintiff sued its former
student for the outstanding school fees when she left the course she enrolled
into. A contractual term stipulated that she had to pay the full school fees
should she decide not to complete the course for the academic year. Chao J
held that this was a claim for the contract sum and hence there can be no
issue of any penalty.

128 If I am right in holding that the true nature of this transaction is a
loan with security, then it must follow that the 1st Option coupled with
Clause B(b) in the Deed of Settlement is unenforceable as a penalty because
the consequence of a breach, _ie_ , the failure by the 1st Defendant to repay
the $1.5 million loan and “compensation” at $180,000 within 60 days, is the
loss of the 1st Defendant’s ability to at the very least allow HLF to sell the
Property as a mortgagee sale, which would at the very least, on the Colliers
Valuation, be expected to fetch some $23.2 million or the loss of its ability
to sell the Property at market price. On the Plaintiff’s own expert evidence,
the loss on the former basis would be $1.6 million and on the latter basis be
$7 million. This latter sum far exceeds the principal amount of the loan of
$1.5 million for 60 days. Given the 2nd Intervener’s Option, this is a huge
loss of $17 million. This is clearly extravagant and unconscionable on any
score. I also find that the “rate of interest” at 6% per month is close to
being extortionate, let alone unconscionable.

129 What evidence is there from the Plaintiff to show that Clause B(b) of the
Deed of Settlement and the 1st Option is a _bona fide_ or genuine attempt to
assess the likely loss it would suffer if the 1st Defendant failed to repay
the $1.5 million with “compensation”? There is clearly none. I find and hold
that the contractual right of the Plaintiff to purchase the Property at $20
million is unenforceable as a penalty.

Moneylending Transaction

130 The 1st Defendant and the 2nd Intervener submit that the transaction
entered into between the Plaintiff and the 1st Defendant is caught by the
prohibition in the Moneylenders Act which came into operation with effect from
1 March 2009.

131 The _raison d’être_ of the Moneylenders Act can be found in Farwell J’s
judgment in _Litchfield v Dreyfus_ [1906] 1 KB 584 at 590:

This particular Act was supposed to be required to save the foolish from the
extortion of a certain class of the community who are called money-lenders as
an offensive term.

The English statute allowed the courts to intervene in cases of extortionate
rates of interest and terms for lending money that were harsh and
unconscionable. The old Singapore Parliamentary Debates also stated that the
Moneylenders Act serves to protect the poor from the clutches of unscrupulous
moneylenders. This basis is found in the current sections 22 and 23 of the
Moneylenders Act. In appropriate cases of unlicensed moneylending, section
14(2) provides that any money paid under the contract for the loan is not
recoverable and a guarantee or security shall be unenforceable. Section 3
provides that if a person lends money in consideration of a larger sum being
repaid, that person is presumed to be a moneylender. This is a rebuttable
presumption and the onus is on the lender to rebut the same: _Mak Chik Lun and
Ors v Loh Kim Her and Ors_ [2003] 4 SLR(R) 338 at [11].

132 In _Litchfield v Dreyfus_ [1906] 1 KB 584, Farwell J also said at 589:

But not every man who lends money at interest carries on the business of
money-lending. Speaking generally, a man who carries on a money-lending
business is one who is ready and willing to lend to all and sundry, provided
that they are from his point of view eligible. I do not of course mean that a
moneylender can evade the Act by limiting his clientele to those whom he
chooses to designate as “friends” or otherwise: it is a question of fact in
each case...

In _City Hardware Pte Ltd v Kenrich Electronics Pte Ltd_ [2005] 1 SLR(R) 733,
V K Rajah J (as he then was) undertook a comprehensive analysis of the legal
principles governing the application of the Moneylenders Act. He stated at
[22]:

It cannot be denied that _ex facie_ , [the Moneylenders Act’s] provisions have
an extensive reach appearing to embrace a myriad of commercial situations. In
my view, it would nonetheless be wholly inappropriate to apply the MLA to
commercial transactions between experienced business persons or entities,
which do not _prima facie_ have the characteristics of moneylending. Having
said that, I am constrained to observe that the position could be quite
different if the parties had wilfully attempted to structure a transaction so
as to evade the application of the MLA. For good measure, I also emphasise
that a person or entity that carries on a business with the primary object of
conducting unlicensed moneylending cannot avoid the severe consequences of an
infraction of the MLA’s provisions by pointing out the benefits the borrower
has received or derived from the transactions. The court has no alternative
but to give effect to the draconian consequences of an infraction in the event
that the MLA is offended.

133 Rajah J cited Clifford L Pannam, _The Law of Money Lenders in Australia
and New Zealand_ (The Law Book Company Limited, 1965) at p 6 where the learned
author gave the following guidance in both construing and applying the
Moneylenders Act:

A loan of money may be defined, in general terms, as a simple contract whereby
one person (“the lender”) pays or agrees to pay a sum of money in
consideration of a promise by another person (“the borrower”) to repay the
money upon demand or at a fixed date. The promise of repayment may or may not
be coupled with a promise to pay interest on the money so paid. The essence of
the transaction is the promise of repayment. As Lowe J put it in a judgment
delivered on behalf of himself and Gavan Duffy and Martin JJ: “‘Lend’ in its
ordinary meaning in our view imports an obligation on the borrower to repay.”
Without that promise, for example, the old _indebitatus_ count of money lent
would not lay. _Repayment is the ingredient which links together the
definitions of “loan” to be found in the Oxford English Dictionary_ , the
various legal dictionaries and the text books. _In essence then a loan is a
payment of money to or for someone on the condition that it will be repaid_.

(emphasis added)

Rajah J elaborated at [25] and [28] that the courts ought not to be
overzealous in analysing or deconstructing a transaction in order to infer
and/or conclude that the object of the transaction was to lend money and that
if transactions are not loans in nature or in form, the law will be slow to
infer or impute a relationship of moneylending. Finally he provided at [47]
the following observation on the defence of moneylending in Singapore:

[47] The defence of moneylending is often invoked in Singapore by
unmeritorious defendants who are desperate to stave off their financial woes.
Such defendants should not regard the MLA as a legal panacea. It should be
viewed as a scheme of social legislation designed to regulate rapacious and
predatory conduct by unscrupulous unlicensed moneylenders. _Its pro-consumer
protection ethos was never intended to impede legitimate commercial
intercourse or to sterilise the flow of money. It is not meant to curtail the
legitimate financial activity of commercial entities that are capable of
making considered business decisions_. The court has always taken and will
continue to take a pragmatic approach in assessing situations when this
defence is raised. The MLA is not invariably contravened in transactions where
the object of the transaction is to raise money. In the final analysis, the
economic objective of an arrangement to provide credit should not be confused
with its legal nature.

(emphasis added)

134 The views expressed in _City Hardware_ were affirmed by the Court of
Appeal in _Donald McArthy Trading Pte Ltd and others v Pankaj s/o_ Dhirajlal
[2007] 2 SLR(R) 321 which stated at [9] that the provisions of the
Moneylenders Act are not intended to apply to transactions made at arm’s
length between commercial entities and that it has never been the objective of
the Moneylenders Act to prohibit or impede legitimate commercial intercourse
between commercial persons.

135 It is clear that the MLA prohibits the business of moneylending and not
the act of moneylending. What constitutes a business of moneylending is a
question of fact: Litchfield v Dreyfus, Subramaniam Dhanapakiam v
Ghannthimathi [1991] 1 SLR(R) 164 at [7] to [10]. In Singapore, there are two
accepted tests in determining whether a person is carrying on a business of
moneylending. The first is whether there was a certain degree of system and
continuity in the transactions, called the Newton v Pyke test: see Ang Eng
Thong v Lee Kiam Hong [1998] SGHC 64. If the answer is no, then the test in
Litchfield v Dreyfus is applied, ie, whether the alleged moneylender is one
who is ready and willing to lend to all and sundry provided that they are from
his point of view eligible: see Mak Chik Lun at [11]. Further, a solitary
transaction can amount to a moneylending transaction in an appropriate case:
see Bhagwandas Naraindas v Brooks Exim Pte Ltd [1994] 1 SLR(R) 932 at [51], Ng
Kum Peng v Public Prosecutor [1995] 2 SLR(R) 900 at [43].

136 As stated by Belinda Ang J in _Mak Chik Lun_ , if the borrower can show
that a person lends a sum of money in consideration of a larger sum being
repaid, the person is presumed to be a moneylender under section 3 of the
Moneylenders Act. It is then for the lender to rebut the presumption by
showing the Moneylenders Act does not apply. The reference to “a larger sum
being repaid” in section 3 is not confined to repayment in money only. If the
repayment is in kind or partly in cash and in kind, it may still constitute a
“larger sum” for the purpose of section 3 because otherwise, it would be easy
to circumvent that section: see Woo Bih Li J in _Ding Leng Kong v Mok Kwong
Yue_ [2003] 4 SLR(R) 637 at [44].

137 In determining whether an impugned transaction involved moneylending, the
approach taken by Branson J in _Olds Discount Co Ltd v John Playfair Ltd_
[1938] 3 All ER 275 was cited in _Nissho Iwai International (Singapore) Pte
Ltd v Kohinoor Impex Pte Ltd_ [1995] 2 SLR(R) 170 by Lim Teong Qwee JC at
[15]: Branson J stated at 277:

... if it be the fact that the agreement entered into between these parties
was an agreement for the purchase of book debts, the agreement is a perfectly
good and lawful agreement, notwithstanding that the operative reason in the
minds of the defendants for entering into it was that they desired to raise
money as a temporary matter in the same way as they would have raised it if
they had merely entered into a transaction of loan. _In other words, it is in
the nature of the agreement entered into, and not its object, at which the
court has to look in order to decide whether in any particular case the
agreement is a moneylending agreement or otherwise_.

(emphasis added)

138 There are significant indicia in this case which fit the offending
criterion reviewed above. Although this appears to be a one-time transaction,
KC Tan and Melvin had never met AA before 5 June 2009 (although there was some
very tentative evidence of AA and KC Tan having met before, the nature of that
meeting was more of a fleeting one at some function, they certainly were not
well known to each other). As laid down in _Litchfield_ , AA was, to all
intents and purposes, “all and sundry”. KC Tan and Melvin knew before they
entered into the transaction that AA was desperate for a short term loan. On
the facts as I have found the Plaintiff entered into the transaction as a loan
with security. It never really intended to purchase the Property. I accept
that they and their lawyers then structured the deal as an apparently normal
option to purchase property but with an accompanying Deed of Settlement to
cater for the repayment terms. I have also found their lawyer, CS Lee, was
aware of and thought about the problem of the transaction being impugned as a
moneylending transaction. The return for the loan of 60 days at 6% per month
or 72% per year can be considered extortionate or usurious, as was the ability
to take over the security at a not insignificant undervalue, if the “loan” and
“compensation” was not repaid within the 60 day period. Unlike the _City
Hardware_ and _Donald McArthy_ cases, there was no existing business
relationship between the parties nor was there any contemplated future
business relationship, transactions or operations. The 1st Defendant was a
company with a $1 paid up capital, its only shareholder and director was AA
and AA was in fact the one who was in need of money. There can be no doubt
that AA was the sole directing mind and will of the 1st Defendant.

139 However, despite the above, I have come to the conclusion, very
reluctantly, that this transaction was not the kind of transaction that the
Moneylenders Act was meant to prohibit.

(a) First I draw guidance from the comments of Rajah J in _City Hardware_
which was approved by the Court of Appeal in _Donald McArthy_. AA is no babe
in the woods, he is an experienced business entrepreneur and moreover had the
benefit of advice from his lawyer and his CFO before he signed the 1st Option
and the Deed of Settlement. In my judgment, these two factors kept this
transaction from falling within the Moneylenders Act. It was in a commercial
context of a loan with security between corporations, even though it was AA
who was the directing will and mind of the 1st Defendant; it was not the kind
of transactions the Moneylenders Act was meant to catch, nor was AA the kind
of person the Moneylenders Act was meant to protect. He knew the commercial
risk he was taking, but he miscalculated on his ability to repay the loan
within the 60 day period and he did what one would expect him to do, he
proposed ever higher “compensation” on each default which the Plaintiff
accepted, until it decided it could make much more money due to the
significant rise in property values and therefore decided to push through with
the purchase of the Property.

(b) Secondly, and perhaps to underscore the above, the Moneylenders Act
introduced a new concept of “excluded moneylender” which is defined, _inter
alia_ , as a party who lends money solely to corporations: section
2(e)(iii)(A). Even though in my judgment above I have treated AA as being
synonymous with the 1st Defendant, the transaction here was nonetheless made
between corporate entities with their legal, and in the case of the 1st
Defendant, with its financial, advisers at hand. AA, as the only shareholder
and director of the 1st Defendant, was a seasoned businessman. If a literal
interpretation of the Moneylenders Act is taken, even if the transaction was
in substance a loan to the 1st Defendant, the Plaintiff would be an “excluded
moneylender” under the Moneylenders Act. The result would be the same if a
purposive interpretation was adopted. However I must not be taken to say that
so long as a borrower is a corporation, no matter what the circumstances or
nature of shareholding, the excluded moneylender exception would apply.
Depending on the facts and circumstances, it may.

(c) I make this ruling despite the 2nd Intervener’s forceful submissions that
such an interpretation would be entirely contrary to the legislative intent of
the Moneylenders Act to “deregulate the lending to money to businesses which
might be in the form of companies or partnerships for the legitimate purposes
of these businesses, to meet their legitimate business needs” and that the
Plaintiff should not be allowed to hide behind the 1st Defendant, a
corporation, to avoid the application of the MLA to what was essentially a
loan to an individual (AA). I must admit I was initially of the view that
rapacious conduct such as that practised by the Plaintiff should not be
allowed. However, as I have alluded to before, unconscionability and business
are not good bedfellows. It still remains true that the law will not, subject
to established exceptions, intervene just because a party has made a contract
on unfavourable terms.

140 The 1st Defendant and 2nd Intervener therefore fail in this defence and
contention that the 1st Option and Deed of Settlement are prohibited by the
Moneylenders Act and therefore unenforceable.

The 1st Intervener

141 The 1st Intervener has some issues with the 1st Defendant and perhaps vice
versa, but they are not the subject of these proceedings. The 1st Intervener
has no objections to HLF and the 2nd Intervener’s pleaded positions. The
issues extant between the Plaintiff and the 1st Intervener were agreed, prior
to the hearing, as:

(i) Has there been a wrongful rejection by the Plaintiff of the purported
cancellation of the 1st Option by the 1st Defendant?

(ii) Whether the purported sale of the Property by the 1st Defendant to the
Plaintiff at an undervalue was in contravention of section 340 of the
Companies Act?

(iii) Did the Plaintiff induce the 1st Defendant to act in breach of its
contractual obligation to the 1st Intervener?

Mr Tan sensibly asked for and was granted a reservation of their position vis
_-a-vis_ the 1st Defendant. At the hearing and submissions, the 1st Intervener
took objection to the Plaintiff’s claim for specific performance on two
grounds. First, the purported sale was at an undervalue that if carried
through would obliterate any benefit of the 1st Intervener’s Charge and was a
fraudulent transaction in contravention of section 340 of the Companies Act.
Secondly, the Plaintiff induced the 1st Defendant to act in breach of its
implied obligations to the 1st Intervener.

142 The following are not in dispute. On 2 June 2009, the Plaintiff made a
search on the 1st Defendant and must have seen the 1st Intervener’s charge. On
8 July 2009, the Plaintiff obtained a copy of the Charge Deed. When the 1st
Intervener discovered the existence of the 1st Option when it carried out a
search on the Property, it immediately wrote to the Plaintiff on 30 July 2009
putting them on notice that $20 million was at a gross undervalue. The
Plaintiff did not reply. On 20 August 2009, before the Plaintiff exercised the
1st Option, it carried out another search in respect of “Company Charges
Transactions” of the 1st Defendant.

143 The 1st Intervener contends that the 1st Defendant’s sale of the Property
at an undervalue is a transaction for a fraudulent purpose, in contravention
of section 340 of the Companies Act. Section 340(1) stipulates that in any
proceedings against a company, where it appears that any of its business has
been carried on with intent to defraud creditors of the company or for any
other person or for any fraudulent purpose, the court may, on application of
any creditor of the company, if it thinks it is proper to do so, declare that
any person who was knowingly a party to the carrying on of the business in
that manner shall be personally responsible, without any limitation of
liability, for all or any of the debts or other liabilities of the company as
the court shall direct. A plain reading of that section shows that it has no
applicability to the facts of this case and I need say no more. The 1st
Intervener’s disputes with AA and/or the 1st Defendant are not before me and
the 1st Intervener is free to pursue whatever claims or remedies it alleges it
has against AA or the 1st Defendant elsewhere.

144 The second ground cannot hold because on the evidence there was clearly no
inducement by the Plaintiff of the 1st Defendant at all. It was the 1st
Defendant who sought out the Plaintiff for a short term loan. Further I do not
think that on the facts of this case, even though the Plaintiff made the
searches that they did on the charge and the charge documents, there was an
implied obligation or duty on the Plaintiff to only deal with the 1st
Defendant bearing in mind the latter’s obligations to the 1st Intervener or to
see that it bought the Property at the market price: see _eg, Beckkett Pte Ltd
v Deutsche Bank AG & Anor_ [2009] 3 SLR(R) 452 at [114].

145 On the issues before me, there are no claims by the 1st Intervener against
the Plaintiff or AA except to argue against the Plaintiff’s claim for specific
performance. In this judgment and on the orders I am going to make, as far as
the 1st Intervener is concerned, the result it desires is achieved. I do not
think I should say more than this ere I prejudice any of its possible claims
against any of the parties hereto and to leave open the 1st Intervener’s
claims it may wish to make post this judgment against any parties. In this
case Mr Tan has reserved his position and limited his cross-examination to
eliciting relevant facts to the issues before me, but no more.

The 2nd Intervener

146 I now make my findings of facts in relation to the 2nd Intervener, TC. I
found TC to be an intelligent and very straightforward witness. He answered
the questions honestly and to the point without any ducking or weaving. It is
noteworthy that no one, other than Mr Lee SC, had any questions to ask of him.
His cross-examination was short, taking just over 7 pages in the Notes of
Evidence, starting around 5.52 pm and ending by 6.08 pm on 9 July 2010. Maybe
it had something to do with the hour of the day but it was probably because
everyone accepted that he had innocently walked straight into this mêlée. I
questioned him at some length and it only served to confirm my views of him
and the reliability of his evidence.

147 TC and his family have invested previously in good class bungalows in
Singapore and abroad. TC was introduced to the Property by his property agent,
Kelvin Tan (“Kelvin”). Kelvin came to know about the Property from one Amy
Tee, who was put forward as the vendor’s representative and who had full
authority to negotiate the sale. AA tells me that Amy Tee is his private
banker. Kelvin Tan told TC about the Property on 6 October 2009 and TC viewed
the Property the next day with Kelvin and two of Kelvin’s colleagues. TC liked
the Property very much. He was told the purchase price was $38 million and
that it was a “hotly contested” property. Kelvin then negotiated directly with
Amy Tee and they eventually agreed on a purchase price of $37 million. I
accept TC’s evidence that since he found this Property very desirable and as
it was being hotly contested, he had to be decisive and agreed to pay an
option fee of $1 million to close the deal. I accept that TC had no time to
engage or consult lawyers or do any preliminary searches before paying the
option fee. I also find that this is not unusual and TC cannot be criticised
for doing this. The 1st Defendant granted TC the 2nd Option on 7 October 2009,
payment of $1 million for the option fee was made on 8 October 2009. It is not
disputed that TC had no personal contact or dealings with AA or the 1st
Defendant or Amy Tee or the Plaintiff.

148 As stated in the preceding paragraph, TC had purchased good class
bungalows before and his evidence was that $37 million for the Property was a
fair price. This purchase price of $37 million on 7 October 2009 goes to show
that the price had certainly moved up since the Colliers Valuation of $29
million as at 15 April 2009.

149 After TC paid the $1 million option fee, he engaged lawyers and sometime
in the afternoon of 12 October 2009 he was informed of the caveats registered
against the Property. He queried Amy Tee through Kelvin and was informed that
the caveats were in respect of some loan and there was an agreement to
discharge the caveats shortly. TC also received repeated assurances that the
misunderstanding with the Plaintiff would be sorted out. TC was now caught in
a bind. If he did not proceed, his $1 million was “gone”. Since he had
received repeated assurances from the 1st Defendant that the caveats would be
withdrawn and his option stipulated that he would get title free from all
encumbrances he decided to go ahead. I believe his explanation and accept that
being caught in this predicament, he acted in good faith to go ahead as the
lesser of two evils. TC exercised the 2nd Option on 6 November 2009 by paying
the further stipulated sum of $850,000 which together with the option fee,
came up to 5% of the purchase price. He stamped the 2nd Option on or around 20
November 2009 and paid the stamp duty of $1.1 million. Whilst some may
question the paying of such large sums of money to preserve the $1 million, I
should mention that TC is a managing director of an investment management
division in Goldman Sachs, and he had valid reasons to take the course that he
did.

150 No one questions TC’s _bona fides_ in entering into the contract with the
1st Defendant. He only got to know about AA “after the fact”. He had no
knowledge of what had transpired between the Plaintiff and the 1st Defendant
and AA, or indeed between AA and the 1st Intervener. He never met Amy Tee
although she was a signatory, together with AA, on his option. TC obviously
liked the Property very much and described it as a well shaped and well sited
elevated piece of land in “...a quiet, highly exclusive and sought-after
enclave”. He and his family have plans to construct a new bungalow on this
piece of land for their own personal enjoyment and he has engaged a well-known
architect to do so.

151 TC says, and I accept his evidence, that litigation is something he tried
to avoid. He tried talking to the parties to amicably settle the matter since
his purchase price would comfortably cater for the mortgage and competing
claims and still leave a surplus for AA. The 1st Intervener supported TC’s
claim for obvious reasons as did the 1st Defendant until its recent change of
mind which I shall deal with below. The agreed issue between the Plaintiff and
the 2nd Intervener is:

(a) Does the Plaintiff have a prior valid and enforceable right and interest
in the Property?

In my judgment and on my findings of fact, the answer to this issue must be
no. For the reasons given herein, the Plaintiff is not entitled to specific
performance and therefore has no equitable interest in the Property, (see
below). The Plaintiff has a cause of action for breach of contract and a claim
in damages against the 1st Defendant. As between the 1st Defendant and the 2nd
Intervener, the agreed issues are:

(b) Was the 2nd Option given to the 2nd Intervener on the basis that the
Plaintiff will agree to withdraw their caveat option and their claim to an
option on the Property?

(c) If so, is the 1st Defendant’s only obligation to refund to the 2nd
Intervener the option fee paid by him to the 1st Defendant?

(d) Whether the 2nd Intervener is entitled to an order for specific
performance of his contract with the 1st Defendant?

(e) Whether the 2nd Intervener is entitled to a refund of all sums paid by him
pursuant to his contract, including the option fee of $1 million?

(f) Whether the 2nd Intervener is entitled to damages (to be assessed) against
the 1st Defendant for breach of contract?

The answer to issue (b) above is clearly no, the express terms of the Option
are clear and the 1st Defendant did not adduce any evidence to this effect.
Issue (c) does not arise. To answer the above issues (d), (e) and (f), I must
first deal with the issue whether the 1st Defendant could have passed any
interest to the 2nd Intervener after having granted the 1st Option to the
Plaintiff.

Did the 1st Defendant have any interest to pass to the 2nd Intervener on 7
October 2009

152 My decision in _Cheong Lay Yong v Muthukumaran s/o Varthan & Anor_ [2010]
3 SLR(R) 16 was cited for the proposition that following, _inter alia_ ,
_Lysaght v Edwards_ [1875] 2 Ch 499 at 506 “...the moment [a purchaser has] a
valid contract for the sale the vendor becomes in equity a trustee for the
purchaser of the estate sold, and the beneficial ownership passes to the
purchaser...”. The question then arises, once the Plaintiff exercised the 1st
Option could the 1st Defendant give a second option to a second purchaser? The
Plaintiff contends the 1st Defendant could no longer do so as the beneficial
ownership of the Property had already passed to the Plaintiff.

153 The learned judge in _Lysaght v Edward_ however went on to state at 507,
that a “valid contract” means “...in every case a contract sufficient in form
and in substance, so that there is no ground whatever for setting it aside as
between the vendor and purchaser – a contract binding on both parties”. This
was expanded upon by Lord Parker in the Privy Council decision of _Mildred
Howard v William Miller_ [1915] AC 318 at 326:

It is sometimes said that under a contract for the sale of an interest in land
the vendor becomes a trustee for the purchaser of the interest contracted to
be sold subject to a lien for the purchase-money; _but however useful such a
statement may be as illustrating a general principle of equity, it is only
true if and so far as a Court of Equity would under all the circumstances of
the case grant specific performance of the contract_.

(emphasis added)

My judgment in _Cheong Lay Yong’s_ case at [56] is to the same effect: “...
once a contract for the sale of real property, _which can be enforced by
specific performance_ , has been entered into...” (emphasis added)

154 The Singapore Court of Appeal in _Chi Liung Holdings Sdn Bhd v Attorney-
General_ [1994] 2 SLR(R) 314 similarly premised the passing of the equitable
interest on the availability of specific performance to the purchaser in the
contract of sale and purchase of property. The Court of Appeal quoted _Central
Trust and Safe Deposit Company v Harvey G Snider_ [1916] 1 AC 266 at 272,
another Privy Council decision, with approval:

If, for some reason, equity would not enforce specific performance, or if the
right to specific performance has been lost by the subsequent conduct of the
party in whose favour specific performance might originally have been granted,
the vendor or covenantor either never was, or has ceased to be, a trustee in
any sense at all.

This principle is now settled law. _Lysaght v Edwards_ has been referred to in
another Court of Appeal decision, _Cheng-Wong Mei Ling Theresa v Oei Hong
Leong_ [2006] 2 SLR(R) 637 where it stated at [17] that if for any reason
specific performance is not available, the purchaser is not deemed to have
been the owner of the property. This principle can be found in _Tan Sook Yee_
at p 418 and is also the position in Australia: see _Bahr v Nicolay_ (1988) 62
AJLR 268.

155 As I have found and held that the Plaintiff is not entitled to specific
performance, the 1st Defendant’s grant of an option to the 2nd Intervener was
not subject to the Plaintiff’s prior equitable rights, as it had none. There
was therefore no prior equitable interest of the Plaintiff that would have
been a competing equity or impediment to the 1st Defendant issuing the 2nd
Option on the facts of this case.

156 The Plaintiff also argues that under the Torrens System, it is the
lodgement of caveats that determines the priority between two competing
interests, citing J Baalman, _The Singapore Torrens System; being a commentary
on the Land Titles Ordinance 1956 of the State of Singapore_ (Singapore
Government Printer, 1961). This submission cannot be right because first of
all the caveat itself is not the interest, it is only a notification on the
land register of a claim of the person lodging the caveat of having an
interest in the land in question. That person will be notified if there is
another caveat lodged or a challenge is mounted and calling for its removal.
In _Cathay Theatres Pte Ltd v LKM Investments Holdings Pte Ltd_ [1998] 1
SLR(R) 234, Thean JA quoted (at [31]) the Court of Appeal decision in _Alrich
Development Pte Ltd v Rafiq Jumabhoy_ [1993] 1 SLR(R) 598 where Warren Khoo J
stated at[37]:

A caveat has been described as nothing more than a statutory injunction to
keep the property in status quo until the court has had an opportunity of
discovering what are the rights of the parties: per Owen J in _In re
Hitchcock_ (1990) 17 WN (NSW) 62. It is not for the purpose of giving notice
to the world of a claim by the caveator to an estate or interest in land, but
for the purpose of prohibiting the caveator’s interest from being defeated by
the registration of a dealing without the caveator having had an opportunity
to invoke the assistance of the court to give effect to his interest.

Thean JA in _Cathay Theatres_ further stated the purpose of a caveat at [32]:

Thus, the purpose of the caveat is to protect whatever interest the caveator
claims he has in the property and to preserve the status quo by preventing
registration of subsequent dealings which, by virtue of the indefeasibility of
title by registration conferred on a new registered owner under section 46 of
the Land Titles Act, would otherwise extinguish the rights of the caveator
without first giving him a chance to prove his claim.

_Tan Sook Yee_ at p 359 also states that: “[t]he primary function of the
caveat is to prevent the registration of dealing which would adversely affect
the right of the caveator without first giving him a chance to prove his
claim...” and the Plaintiff’s caveats “... neither evidences an interest in
land, nor does it create an interest in land”. Accordingly if, for argument’s
sake, an equitable interest passed to the 1st buyer who lodged his caveat, and
a conveyance is completed with a second buyer, because the caveator/1st buyer
did nothing for more than 30 days after receiving a notice under section
120(1) of the Land Titles Act (Cap 157, 2004 Rev Ed), absent any issue of
fraud, there can be little doubt that the second buyer becomes the new
registered proprietor on the land register who now holds both the legal and
equitable interest in the property. That must be the effect of section
121(1)(a) which provides that the caveat in the circumstances above lapses at
the expiration of 30 days and ceases to affect the property and section 47 of
the Land Titles Act which allows anyone dealing with the registered proprietor
to get a good title free of any trust or other unregistered interest, any rule
of law or equity to the contrary notwithstanding. Secondly, on the authorities
reviewed earlier, the Plaintiff did not have any prior equitable right as it
was not entitled to specific performance.

The Effect of the Section 45 Bankruptcy Act Interim Order

157 Reliance has been placed by the 1st Defendant on the fact that the
Certificate of Title of the Property shows that the 1st Defendant holds the
Property “on trust” for AA. It is not disputed that AA is the only shareholder
and director of the 1st Defendant and that its issued and paid-up capital is
$1. I have also stated that there was no application before me to stay these
proceedings as a result of the section 45(3) IVA Order despite AA and/or his
nominees being given the opportunity to do so. Unless there is such an
application, supported by a proper affidavit, I cannot be expected to deal
with factual issues or disputes by statements from the Bar. For example, the
2nd Intervener does not accept the validity of the Trust Deed pointing out
that one is dated 2 August 2006 and another is dated 4 September 2006 and each
of them were witnessed prior to the date of the Deeds, _ie_ , on 29 June 2006.
I had specifically directed on 18 May 2010 that the 1st Defendant’s solicitors
make available the Trust Deed to all parties early so that disputes like this
can be resolved in a timely fashion. Another example is Mr Chan’s statement
that the Property was now worth more than $37 million; however Mr Chan very
properly added that he did not have a valuation to back that up.

158 The “indefeasibility of title” concept under our Land Titles Act and
indeed the Torrens System is well known to all students of land law. I have
referred to section 47(1)(c) of the Land Titles Act above. Section 166(4) of
the Land Titles Act states that “...[a]ny purchaser dealing with the
registered land which is held in a fiduciary capacity shall not be concerned
to enquire whether a dealing of that land is within the powers of the
registered proprietor and the purchaser is entitled to assume that the
registered proprietor has all the powers of disposition of a beneficial owner
and as the absolute proprietor of the estate or interest in question”. It is
clear that neither the Plaintiff nor the 2nd Intervener needed to be concerned
about the power of the trustee who is also the registered proprietor to
transfer good title: see also Yeo Kia Yong & Anor v Yeo Kia Hock [1998] 2
SLR(R) 602 at [36]-[37]. Moreover, AA himself chose not to lodge any caveat
and he signed the options granted to the Plaintiff and the 2nd Intervener. I
agree with counsel’s submissions that on the facts before me, a fortiori since
AA and/or his nominees chose not to take out an application before me despite
being given the opportunity and time to do so, a determination that AA has an
interest in the Property and therefore the section 45(3) IVA Order taken out
by AA operates to stay this action because of such an interest cannot be right
in view of the statutory provisions of the LTA. AA was in court throughout
these proceedings and held his peace, preferring to direct the contest against
the other parties. As matters stand, I also accept counsel’s submission that
if AA is subsequently made a bankrupt, his trustee in bankruptcy cannot stand
in a better position than AA vis-a-vis these parties before me. If it comes to
that, the trustee in bankruptcy has his rights in law to make such
applications as he deems fit.

1st Defendant’s Application to Amend its Case

159 I find it quite incredible that AA, in the 1st Defendant’s Supplemental
Submissions dated 21 July 2010, (the third round of submissions), wishes to
amend the 1st Defendant’s Case and ask for a stay of proceedings on the ground
that the Property is caught within the section 45(3) IVA Order. The basis is
that the 1st Defendant holds the Property on trust for AA. The amendments
sought are:

(a) Alternatively, the 1st Defendant was unable to give title to the Property
that was in order and free from encumbrances, contrary to the 2nd Option
granted on 7 October 2009 and in the circumstances the said option lapsed or
was not capable of performance and the 2nd Intervener should only be entitled
to repayment of the option fee.

(b) Further and/or alternatively, the 2nd Intervener knew about the existing
caveats when he exercised the said option and well knew that the sale could
not take place if the caveats were not lifted. The 1st Defendant has no
control over the actions of the Plaintiff.

160 Some history of these proceedings is necessary. At the first interlocutory
hearing of this matter on 5 March 2010 before me, with numerous applications
being made by various parties, I expressed my doubts as to whether the matter
could proceed as an originating summons given the disputes on facts evident
from the affidavits filed to date. Unusually, all counsel asked me not to
convert this into a writ action as the delays caused thereby would push the
resolution of the disputes too far back. There were many competing claims to
the Property or the proceeds and the parties needed a quick decision.

161 I was persuaded, reluctantly, I must admit at first, to allow this to
proceed as an Originating Summons with cross examination of witnesses. After
discussion with counsel I issued directions that simplified Statements of
Claims and Defences would be filed by the parties as against competing
interests, counsel were to agree a list of issues of fact and/or law as
between the various parties, (which would therefore limit the scope of cross-
examination), dates were set for final affidavits and short replies to be
filed, opening statements were to include contentions of facts and points of
law with authorities, an agreed list of witnesses and estimated cross-
examination times by different counsel were to be filed no later than 3 days
before the hearing and after checking diaries, the Originating Summons was set
for hearing at the end of April 2010. There was inevitable slippage in the
hearing dates because of changes in lawyers as one Senior Counsel after
another fetched up at the frequent PTCs that had to be held to bring this
Originating Summons into preparedness for a hearing. Mr Lee SC appeared as
late as 11 June 2010 when the hearing was fixed to start on 28 June 2010. At
the end, the hearing was completed quite smoothly without the dire chaos that
I was dreading. I can only say I am greatly indebted to all counsel who co-
operated to make this possible, including clearing their diaries at great
inconvenience to themselves. The documentation, the list of issues and
witnesses and the orderliness of the evidence taking is testimony to their
professionalism and co-operation. So for this application to come in at this
time, after all that had occurred and an agreed list of issues of fact and
law, is nothing short of incredible. I cast no blame on Prof Tan SC or Mr
Balachandran who are constrained, despite I am sure great personal
embarrassment, to put forth their client’s application as best they can, but
AA cannot be allowed to amend the 1st Defendant’s case at this late stage in
the same way he filed his affidavits and gave contradictory answers, and in
fact new versions, in cross-examination. The 1st Defendant chose not to cross-
examine TC whose evidence is therefore unchallenged as far as the 1st
Defendant is concerned. The 1st Defendant also did not call Amy Tee to give
evidence. More importantly the amendment contradicts the clear wording of the
2nd Option which provides that title is to be free from encumbrances. Insofar
as the first amendment is concerned it is doomed to failure. The second
amendment suffers from the same defects and all the more so on the
unchallenged evidence given by TC. There is no evidence to support either
amendment and they must be disallowed.

162 For all the reasons I have set out, this application by the 1st Defendant
to amend his case must be rejected. It is obvious that it would do irreparable
harm to the other parties which cannot be compensated by costs.

Conclusion

163 I therefore find and hold:

(a) For the reasons set out herein, the Plaintiff is not entitled to a decree
of specific performance;

(b) As the Plaintiff agreed to a payment in lieu of its contractual rights,
there is no issue of restitution to it, and the Plaintiff is limited to its
claim against the 1st Defendant in damages for breach of contract; damages are
to be assessed by the Registrar; for the avoidance of doubt I make no ruling
as to whether AA is additionally liable to the Plaintiff as that was not an
issue before me;

(c) The Plaintiff is to withdraw its caveats lodged against the Property
forthwith;

(d) The 1st Defendant’s claims against the Plaintiff to recover damages and
interest, including interest payable to the 2nd Defendant and any claims for
damages, interest or costs payable by the 1st Defendant to the 2nd Intervener
are dismissed;

(e) The 2nd Intervener is entitled to and granted a decree of specific
performance and with all the usual default orders if the 1st Defendant fails
to execute a valid transfer; completion shall take place as soon as is
reasonably practicable, bearing in mind [164] below;

(f) The 2nd Intervener is entitled to any damages caused by the 1st Defendant,
including but not limited to additional interest payments if any to discharge
HLF’s mortgage as a result of delays and to any damages he is entitled to
under the 2nd Option; such damages to be assessed by the Registrar if not
agreed.

164 HLF’s mortgage together with all outstanding interest and costs shall be
paid out of the proceeds of sale payable by the 2nd Intervener in the first
instance, without prejudice to the 2nd Intervener’s rights to seek recovery
from any of the parties hereto or otherwise. Calculation of the sum payable to
HLF shall be notified to all parties 5 clear days before payment is effected.
There shall be liberty to apply on an urgent basis to me if there is any
dispute on the sums payable to HLF.

165 There is no necessity for any orders in respect of the 1st Intervener who
is free to take such action as it deems fit against the 1st Defendant, and/or
AA and/or the balance proceeds of sale in court.

166 After discharging the mortgage and all sums outstanding thereunder to HLF,
the 2nd Intervener shall pay the balance of the purchase price into Court
pending further order. Any party having a claim to these funds shall make an
application to court and serve the papers on the relevant parties, including
the 1st Defendant and AA or his solicitors, Shook Lin & Bok LLP.

167 There shall be liberty to apply.

168 I shall hear the parties on costs, interest or any ancillary or further
orders required at a date to be fixed by the Registry. It remains for me to
thank counsel for the co-operation and hard work put in by all of them to
complete this matter in the time it took and I am indebted to them for their
very helpful and concise submissions.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 15 Sep 2010 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

