Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Biomedia Pharma Pte Ltd (formerly known as Malaysia Chemist Pte Ltd) _v_
TAC Distribution Pte Ltd (trading as Trane Singapore) (Amcrotech Pte Ltd,
third party)  
[2010] SGHC 330

Case Number| :| Suit No 143 of 2009  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 08 November 2010  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Choo Han Teck J  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Mansurhusain Akbar Hussein and Remesha Pillai (Jacob
Mansur & Pillai) for the plaintiff; Niru Pillai (Global Law Alliance LLC) for
the defendant; Michael Chia Peng Chuang (Pereira & Tan LLC) for the third
party.  
Parties| :|  Biomedia Pharma Pte Ltd (formerly known as Malaysia Chemist Pte
Ltd) — TAC Distribution Pte Ltd (trading as Trane Singapore) (Amcrotech Pte
Ltd, third party)  
  
8 November 2010| Judgment reserved.  
---|---  
  
Choo Han Teck J:

1 The plaintiff carried on the business of manufacturing biomedical and
pharmaceutical products and was known as Malaysian Chemist Pte Ltd. They
leased a factory at 194 Pandan Loop (”the Premises”). To carry on their
business there they required a licence to be issued by the Health Sciences
Authority (“HSA”) pursuant to the Medicines Act. The Act required such
factories as that intended by the plaintiff, which have both a dry and wet
laboratory space, to satisfy regulatory guidelines and standards that are
published in the regulations as well as a code called “Good Manufacturing
Practice” (“GMP”). The plaintiff intended to have both a dry laboratory and a
wet laboratory (“dry lab” and “wet lab”) in the factory. The GMP requirements
were different. A dry lab must prevent the collection and dissemination of
dust and the humidity level must also be set according to GMP specifications.
A wet lab requires constant temperature control as required under GMP
standards. The plaintiff consulted and eventually contracted with the
defendant, who carried on business under their trade name “Trane”, to design
and install a “Heating Ventilating Air-conditioning” system (known by the
acronym “HVAC”) in the Premises. The defendant was also to supply the hardware
units and commission the system after it has been installed. The contract
between them was initially made after the acceptance of the defendant’s
quotation pursuant to the plaintiff’s first letter of award. The original
contract sum was $163,000. There were further negotiations leading to a second
letter of award (a copy of which is found in AB 92-95) issued pursuant to a
revised quotation from the defendant changing the contract sum from $163,000
to $180,000. The contract stipulated that the work was expected to commence on
21 August 2006 and in which event, to be completed within two months, that is,
by 21 October 2006. It was not disputed that work commenced on 21 August 2006.
The system was not completed by 21 October 2006 or even at all. The plaintiff
failed to obtain the HSA licence because the HVAC system failed the HSA audit.

2 After contracting with the plaintiff, the defendant sub-contracted with the
third party, Amcrotech Pte Ltd (sometime in August 2006) to carry out the
work. The defendant blamed the failure of the HVAC system on the third party,
who in turn, said that the work was sub-contracted to Skymac Engineering
Services LLP (“Skymac”). Skymac was not joined as a party but their officers
testified on behalf of the third party. The third party’s defence against the
defendant’s claim was that they had installed the system correctly and the
system failed because of the defendant’s under-design and the inappropriate
hardware units that were supplied by the defendant. Their case was that Skymac
had advised the defendant to supply a more powerful system with more units,
but the advice was rejected by the defendant. The defendant’s defence against
the plaintiff was based on the assertion that they were not obliged to comply
with the GMP standards and, secondly, that they had completed the installation
by December 2006 but was given an extension of time up to 6 June 2008 to
rectify defects. This was denied by the plaintiff.

3 The third party’s defence averred that it was the defendant who wanted to
engage Skymac to carry out the contract work but because Skymac did not have
the requisite registration with the trade authority that the third party had,
the defendant thus entered into a formal contract with the latter appointing
them as the sub-contractor with the knowledge that the work would be done by
Skymac. Skymac submitted a quotation on 16 August 2006 to the third party who
submitted its quotation to the defendant on 17 August 2006. The third party’s
quotation was for $150,150. Two additional works were carried out at the
defendant’s requests for $7,560 and $1,680 respectively. The work was carried
out by Skymac under the defendant’s supervision. The third party’s defence was
that they had completed the sub-contract as required.

4 I am of the view that the plaintiff had made clear to the defendant that the
HVAC system must comply with the GMP standards and be approved by HSA. I
accept the plaintiff’s evidence that the HSA approved the plaintiff’s
application to use the premises as a wet lab but withheld approval for the use
of the premises as a dry lab. On the evidence, it seemed to me that the HVAC
system the defendant contracted to install failed to satisfy the requirements
of the GMP standards and consequently, the HSA did not give its approval to
use the premises as a dry lab. Although the defendant denied that they had any
contractual obligation to provide the HVAC, I am of the view that the
documents and oral evidence of the plaintiff indicated otherwise. The
defendant adduced no rebuttal evidence to show that they were present at the
meetings arranged by the plaintiff with the HSA to establish what the system
required. The plaintiff was the lay customers. The defendant was supposed to
be the air-conditioning experts. In truth, the evidence revealed that the
defendant had a lack of expertise in the design of the system. They appeared,
in my view, to have committed themselves to the system before any serious
study as to the requirements. Hence, when one Buddy Tan of Skymac, the
unlicensed sub-contractor of the sub-contractor, advised a more powerful and
thus more expensive set of equipment, the defendant rejected his
recommendation and supplied what it thought was adequate. It clearly was not.
The person in charge of the project for the plaintiff at the material time was
a man named KK Cheng but he was not called to testify. He was also a crucial
witness because he negotiated the contracts between the plaintiff and the
defendant and between the defendant and the third party. Buddy Tan testified
that he gave design specifications to KK Cheng for equipment that would
generate airflow at 44,528.5 Cmh or more. He had also included a dust
collection system. The system supplied by the defendant failed to work
effectively. The contract between the defendant and the third party placed no
obligation on the part of the third party with regard to design, testing or
commissioning of the system on the part of the third party.

5 The only witness to testify for the defendant was Adrian Tan, an earnest but
helpless witness. He became involved in the project after KK Cheng had left
the plaintiff. It is probably closer to the mark to say that Adrian Tan took
over a mess rather than a project; a mess that was created by KK Cheng as
agent and employee of the defendant. In court, Adrian was unable to answer
many of the crucial questions, but he could not be blamed for that. He did not
even know who to contact to rectify acute problems with the system and had to
contact the plaintiff to get Skymac and Buddy Tan’s telephone numbers. The man
who was responsible had left; and left him with no recourse even against the
third party. The contract obligations of testing and commissioning that KK
Cheng agreed to perform for the plaintiff was not incorporated into the
defendant’s contract with the third party. It seemed to me that the defendant
had hoped to gain from the sale of their equipment and thus the project as a
whole was not given an adequate budget. The equipment supplied by the
defendant as ordered by KK Cheng produced only 27,000 Cmh of airflow. KK Cheng
was more a crucial witness to the defendant than Geraldine Ng was to the
plaintiff. So although Geraldine Ng, who was the plaintiff’s general manager
at the time, did not testify in court, the documentary evidence, especially
the exchange of email at the material time, supported the plaintiff’s and
third party’s cases and were detrimental to the defendant’s defence. The
evidence from test report by Ooi Suei Biau of Cleanzones (Singapore) Pte Ltd
supported the plaintiff’s case and was of no assistance to the defendant,
contrary to the claims made by Mr Niru Pillai on behalf of the defendant.
Hence, on the whole, there was virtually no evidence in support of the
defence.

6 The defendant counterclaimed for $73,100 being the amount outstanding after
taking into account the contract sum of $180,000 and variation works less the
amount paid by plaintiff.

7 I am thus of the view that the defendant was in breach of its contract with
the plaintiff and there will therefore be judgment for the plaintiff with
damages to be assessed. The defendant’s counterclaim is dismissed. The
defendant’s claim against the third party is also dismissed. Costs to follow
the event and taxed if not agreed.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 08 Nov 2010 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

