Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Chong Peter (trading as Myths KTV & Disco Pub) _v_ Triple 8 Enterprise Pte
Ltd (trading as Mirage Deluxe KTV & Nightclub)  
[2010] SGHC 9

Case Number| :| Suit No 133 of 2009  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 11 January 2010  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Choo Han Teck J  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Leonard Loo Peng Chee and Edwin Loo Tien Chee (Leonard
Loo LLP) for the plaintiff; Tan Chau Yee and Ms Bernice Tan Huilin (Harry
Elias Partnership) for the defendant.  
Parties| :|  Chong Peter (trading as Myths KTV & Disco Pub) — Triple 8
Enterprise Pte Ltd (trading as Mirage Deluxe KTV & Nightclub)  
  
11 January 2010| Judgment reserved.  
---|---  
  
Choo Han Teck J:

1 The plaintiff is a partnership in the business of operating karaoke pubs. It
operates a small pub in a shop-house at 31 Lorong 15 Geylang, Singapore 388617
under the name/sign “![](data:image/png;base64,) Myths KTV DISCO PUB”. In
English, “![](data:image/png;base64,)” is read as “Shen Hua”. The plaintiff is
also the registered proprietor of the trade mark “![](data:image/png;base64,)
KTV and DISCO PUB”, registered on 19 March 2007. The plaintiff’s trade mark
was registered with the simplified Chinese character for “Hua”, but the actual
name/sign used by the plaintiff in practice employs the traditional character.
The defendant is a sole proprietorship also in the business of, operating
_inter alia_ , karaoke lounges – one of which is a large, upscale karaoke
night club at 150 Orchard Road, #09-01/02 Orchard Plaza, Singapore 238841
under the name/sign of “Mirage ![](data:image/png;base64,) Palace Exclusive
Niteclub”. I shall refer to the two lounges in question as “pubs” for the sake
of convenience and consistency.

2 Sometime in late 2005, the plaintiff decided to venture into the karaoke
entertainment business in Singapore, and on 6 December 2005 it registered a
partnership under the name “Myths KTV & Disco Pub”. In early 2006, the
defendant’s Mr Ronald Quek Teng Guan (“Mr Quek”) also decided to start a
karaoke pub in Singapore. After sourcing for an appropriate location, the
defendant began fitting out its premises at Orchard Plaza in early October
2006, using the name “Mirage ![](data:image/png;base64,) Palace Exclusive
Niteclub” and variations of the same. The sole proprietorship under the name
“Mirage Deluxe KTV & Nightclub” was registered on 22 November 2006.

3 In late January 2007, the two parties became aware of each other’s existence
and business presence. The plaintiff asked the defendant to cease using its
registered trade mark through a middleman. Sceptical of the plaintiff’s
request, Mr Quek conducted a search for any trade mark using the name
“![](data:image/png;base64,)”. When nothing came up, Mr Quek applied to
register the trade mark “Mirage ![](data:image/png;base64,) Palace Exclusive
Niteclub” on 7 February 2007. The application, however, was eventually
abandoned because there were issues with the defendant’s use of the word
“Mirage” – it was too similar to a separate trade mark owned by MGM Mirage.
Subsequently, the plaintiff successfully applied to register its trade mark
“![](data:image/png;base64,) KTV and DISCO PUB” on 19 March 2007.

4 In 2009, pursuant to a letter of demand sent by the plaintiff on 30 January
2009, the parties entered into discussions vis-à-vis the defendant’s use of
the words “![](data:image/png;base64,)” in its business name. It was hoped
that a compromise could be reached concerning mutual use. Unfortunately, these
discussions eventually fell through. In a letter dated 16 February 2009, the
defendant wrote to the plaintiff denying any infringement of the plaintiff’s
trade mark.

5 The plaintiff’s claim against the defendant is founded on two separate heads
of action. One relates to the defendant’s alleged infringement of the
plaintiff’s trade mark, while the other concerns the defendant’s alleged
passing off its business as the plaintiff’s.

6 The plaintiff is relying on s 27 of the Trade Marks Act (Cap 332, 2005 Rev
Ed) (“the Act”) to argue that the defendant infringed its trade mark by using
the words “![](data:image/png;base64,)” in its business sign. Its alternative
claims run into double digits, but it appears to me that the plaintiff’s
primary cause of action for infringement of trade mark falls to be governed by
ss 27(1)–(2) of the Act. These provide as follows:

**Acts amounting to infringement of registered trade mark**

**27**. —(1) A person infringes a registered trade mark if, without the
consent of the proprietor of the trade mark, he uses in the course of trade a
sign which is identical with the trade mark in relation to goods or services
which are identical with those for which it is registered.

(2) A person infringes a registered trade mark if, without the consent of the
proprietor of the trade mark, he uses in the course of trade a sign where
because —

(a) the sign is identical with the trade mark and is used in relation to goods
or services similar to those for which the trade mark is registered; or

(b) the sign is similar to the trade mark and is used in relation to goods or
services identical with or similar to those for which the trade mark is
registered,

there exists a likelihood of confusion on the part of the public.

7 I do not think s 27(1) and s 27(2)(a) are applicable. The disputed signs are
far from identical. The plaintiff’s registered trade mark countenances merely
the handwritten words “![](data:image/png;base64,) KTV and DISCO PUB”. The
defendant’s business logo, used on its premises and name card, comprises a
complex motif of English words, traditional Chinese characters and stylized
border graphics. Even taking the plaintiff’s non-registered signs and marks
into consideration, (including the extremely functional business sign above
the entrance to the plaintiff’s pub and its name card) the defendant’s sign
still falls far short of being identical with the plaintiff’s.

8 The plaintiff’s best case, therefore, would have to be under s 27(2)(b):
namely, that the defendant is alleged to have used in the course of trade the
sign “![](data:image/png;base64,)” — a sign which is _similar_ to the
registered trade mark in question and used in relation to goods or services
_similar_ to those for which the trade mark is registered, resulting in a
likelihood of confusion on the part of the public. In the High Court decision
of _The Polo/Lauren Co, LP v Shop In Department Store Pte Ltd_ [2005] 4 SLR
816 (“ _The Polo Case_ ”), Lai Kew Chai J made some useful observations on the
similarity of mark, at [26]:

The decided cases suggest that there are _three aspects to similarity: visual,
aural or phonetic, and conceptual_. In terms of visual similarity, it is clear
that the mark and the sign share one common denominator: the word “POLO”. _In
cases where there is a common denominator, it is important to look at the
differences between the mark and the sign in order to decide whether the
challenged sign has been able to distinguish itself sufficiently and
substantially_ : _The European Limited v The Economist Newspapers Limited_
[1996] FSR 431 at 436; see also _Kerly’s Law of Trade Marks and Trade Names_
(Sweet & Maxwell, 13th Ed, 2001) at paras 16-63 to 16-67. In _Samsonite Corp v
Montres Rolex SA_ [1995] AIPR 244 (“ _Samsonite Corp_ ”) at 270, it was held
that just because the registered mark was wholly included in the challenged
sign, it did not mean that it would necessarily cause confusion between the
two. In _Polo Textile Industries Pty Ltd v Domestic Textile Corporation Pty
Ltd_ (1993) 26 IPR 246 (“ _Polo Textiles_ ”) at 250, Burchett J emphasised
that decisions, which held that the taking of a word mark and adding to it an
additional word constituted infringement, should not be applied mechanically
such that no added word could ever save such a taking from infringement. _In
other words, sometimes, looking at the challenged sign as a whole, the
distinctiveness of the registered word mark is dissolved by the addition of
the word. Accordingly, the similarity between the mark and the sign is
significantly diminished and may be insufficient to cause a likelihood of
confusion_.

[emphasis added]

9 In my view, the visual and conceptual differences between the plaintiff’s
registered mark and the defendant’s sign are obvious and plentiful. The
plaintiff’s mark uses the simplified Chinese characters
“![](data:image/png;base64,)” the defendant’s sign uses the traditional
characters “![](data:image/png;base64,)”. The plaintiff’s mark includes not
just the relevant Chinese characters but also the entire phrase
“![](data:image/png;base64,)” KTV and DISCO PUB”; the defendant’s sign
comprises the entire phrase “Mirage ![](data:image/png;base64,) Palace
Exclusive Niteclub.” The plaintiff’s mark is a handwritten notation without
any characteristic or distinguishing graphical representation; the defendant’s
sign, on the other hand, involves the consistent use of stylized lettering,
borders and graphics in an “intricate arabesque rhombus design.” From a
cursory inspection of the two signs – and even a “mark for sign” comparison
with the unregistered “![](data:image/png;base64,) Myths KTV DISCO PUB”
business sign used on the premises of the plaintiff’s pub (see _Compass
Publishing BV v Compass Logistics Ltd_ [2004] EWHC 520, where it was held that
the proper comparison is with a notional and fair use of the registered mark
in question) – it is clear that the defendant’s use is not visually or
conceptually similar to the plaintiff’s trade mark.

10 A greater matter of concern, however, is the _aural_ similarity between the
two signs. As businesses catering to the Mandarin-speaking demographic in
Singapore, it would not be surprising if the respective clientele of the two
karaoke pubs were to refer to either or both of the institutions with merely
the phonetic sound “Shen Hua”. In _Morcream Products Ltd v Heatherfresh
(Foods) Ltd_ [1972] RPC 799 (“ _Heatherfresh_ ”), the allegedly infringing
mark was too close to “Everfresh”, but on telephone only; an injunction was
therefore granted specifically against business on telephone. More recently in
_Northern Foods Grocery Group Ltd’s Community Trade Mark Application; sub nom.
FOX’S Trade Mark_ [2002] ETMR 48, two marks different in appearance were
nonetheless held sufficiently similar to the ear for one to block the
registration of the other. The decision was largely based on the fact that
German speakers would _pronounce_ the two marks – FOX’S and FUCHS – very
similarly.

11 We therefore have a case of _prima facie_ aural similarity, given the exact
same pronunciation of “Shen Hua” in both the plaintiff’s and the defendant’s
usages. However, as has been noted, the plaintiff’s mark specifically consists
of the entire phrase “![](data:image/png;base64,) KTV and DISCO PUB”. This
should be borne in mind when we consider the likelihood of confusion on the
part of the public. With respect to the goods and services provided by the
plaintiff and the defendant, it is clear that the basic services provided by
both businesses are similar. The defendant attempted to distinguish the two by
arguing that “both businesses are not in fact similar by reason of the
difference in locality, scale, clientele and price points”. It draws the
analogy that “an open-air restaurant serving Chinese cooked food at the foot
of a HDB block will not be considered similar in business to a fine dining
restaurant serving exquisite Chinese food in a five-star hotel”. I appreciate
this reasoning, but it seems to me that this factor is more properly an issue
regarding confusion on the part of the public. The two karaoke pubs here might
cater to different categories of clients but both carry on the basic business
of karaoke lounges – just as an open-air restaurant is similar to a fine
dining restaurant in that they both provide a dining experience. Businessmen
should not be required to draw fine distinctions between sub-business types
within the broader realm of “normal” business types. They should not have to
force themselves and the public into the melee of justifying, say, a shoe
retail for the proletariat, computer servicing for women, or an airline for
the budget-conscious, despite the ostensible similarities of each of these
with a higher end establishment in the same line. To my mind, these fine
distinctions can be very arbitrary and are, in any case, impractical.

12 I turn now to the issue of confusion on the part of the public. “Shen Hua”,
as we know, is a common aural denominator in both the plaintiff’s and the
defendant’s usages. Yet the phonetic phrase “Shen Hua” in itself has little
effect. Once at the pub in question, a prospective client will have no
misgivings as to whether he was at the right pub or not. This is an important
difference with the situation in _Heatherfresh_ , where the business in
question was actually solicited and conducted over telephone. Any likelihood
of confusion here is therefore easily dissipated the minute customers turn up
at either the plaintiff’s Geylang outlet or the defendant’s Orchard premises.
Customers patronizing the Geylang outlet (when he wanted to go to the Orchard
premises) or the Orchard premises (when he wanted to go to the Geylang
outlet), would be doing so with full knowledge of the existence of the obvious
alternative. This is clear given how different the Orchard and Geylang
establishments are in terms of façade and presentation.

13 In this regard, _The Polo Case_ is instructive once more:

37 Furthermore, it appears to me that the plaintiff’s claim that there will be
confusion is purely speculative. The evidence tendered by the plaintiff
admitted that its products are sold in a selective manner in five boutiques
managed and operated by its sole distributor and in five other “corners”
located within segregated areas of various department stores. The location of
these retail spaces are in the very nerve of the country’s shopping district:
Takashimaya, Raffles City Shopping Centre and Suntec City Mall. This is in
stark contrast to the defendant, which operates out of five stores located in
far less glamorous places outside the central shopping strip. _The target
market of the plaintiff is the upper middle-class and possibly upwards, and
the prices of its goods reflect its sophisticated image. On the other hand,
the defendant targets mostly lower-income earners_. When asked whether it was
realistic to suggest that a T-shirt costing $7.90 or $12.90 could ever be a
product of the plaintiff, Ms Nah answered in the negative. Ms Nah also
admitted that the plaintiff packages its goods in an attractive paper bag.

38 … Taking all these circumstances into account, it is far-fetched to suggest
that confusion could ever arise even in the simplest of minds and that, at
best, the likelihood of confusion is a mere possibility and not a real one.

[emphasis added]

14 The excerpt above is directly on point. The defendant’s karaoke
establishment singles out big spenders as its prospective clientele; the
plaintiff’s pub targets lower- to middle-income earners. The defendant’s
establishment is situated along Orchard Road, “in the very nerve of the
country’s shopping district”; the plaintiff’s pub is located in a much less
glamorous area in Geylang. The prices of alcohol, and indeed the primary type
of alcohol consumed at the defendant’s establishment are very different from
those imbibed at the plaintiff’s pub. More broadly, the defendant’s
establishment is more sophisticated and operates on a larger, more glamorous
scale than the plaintiff’s pub. The plaintiff’s pub does not even have a
drinks list.

15 The plaintiff produced Mr Teng Khoon Hai (“Mr Teng”), a regular customer,
to attest to the fact that he had been confused by the two signs:

When I _saw_ the Plaintiff’s KTV, I was under the impression that the
Plaintiff’s KTV and the Defendant’s KTV was owned by the same entity due to
the use of the word “![](data:image/png;base64,)” by the Plaintiff’s KTV and
“![](data:image/png;base64,)” by the Defendant’s KTV. They mean the same in
Mandarin. It is also common to use Mandarin in KTVs and most of the crowd in
the Plaintiff’s KTV and the Defendant’s KTV are from the Chinese community.

[emphasis added]

Ostensibly, this would be evidence of the relevant confusion required under
the Act – confusion as to the origin of the product or service. In this
connection, however, there were three crucial points. First, apart from Mr
Teng, there was no other survey of customers carried out to assess the degree
of confusion amongst members of the relevant public. Second, Mr Teng’s
evidence goes towards visual similarity, which, in my view, was not relevant
on the facts of this case. Third, Mr Teng was confused because he thought that
the plaintiff’s pub and the defendant’s establishment were owned by the same
entity. It is significant, however, that following his first visit to the
defendant’s establishment in August 2007, Mr Teng never know of the existence
of the plaintiff’s pub until he visited it more than a year later in
October/November 2008. For a customer as regular as Mr Teng, this indicates
the minimal similarity which the plaintiff’s usage had with that of the
defendant’s. Accordingly, the risk of confusion on the part of the public
between the two was unlikely to have been significant.

16 Given all of the above considerations, it is my view that the likelihood of
confusion between the disputed signs – based solely of the phonetic
coincidence of “Shen Hua” – is negligible. In coming to this conclusion, I am
mindful that the plaintiff’s mark specifically consists of the entire phrase
“![](data:image/png;base64,) KTV and DISCO PUB” and not just the aural
pronunciation of “Shen Hua”.

17 In _Pan-West (Pte) Ltd v Grand Bigwin Pte_ Ltd [2003] 4 SLR 755, the “oft-
cited trinity of requirements for a passing off action” was held to comprise
of goodwill, misrepresentation and damage. To succeed in its action for
passing off here, therefore, the plaintiff must establish _all_ of the
following elements:

(a)

That the plaintiff has acquired _goodwill_ in the goods or services provided
by it;

(b)

That the defendant has made a _misrepresentation_ to the public leading or
likely to lead the public to believe that goods or services provided by the
defendant are those of the plaintiff’s; and

(c)

That there has been _damage_ or likelihood of damage to the plaintiff’s
goodwill as a result of the misrepresentation.

I will examine each criterion in turn.

18 “Goodwill” has been and is often described as “the attractive force which
brings in custom”: see _IRC v Muller & Co’s Margarine Ltd_ [1901] AC. 217 at
224. Andrew Phang J added to this definition in _Nation Fittings (M) Sdn Bhd v
Oystertec Plc_ [2006] 1 SLR 712 (“ _Nation Fittings_ ”):

158 Reviewing the evidence as a whole, I begin with the proposition that mere
sales _without more_ are not necessarily coincident with goodwill. That is
both logically as well as conceptually coherent. The plaintiff is on more
solid ground when it points to the distinctiveness of its own _ribbed_ pipe
fittings…

Something _more_ is therefore required, above and beyond normal operating
sales, to denote “the attractive force which brings in custom.” “Custom” alone
is insufficient. The plaintiff’s profit and loss records for the years 2007
and 2008, as such, do little to establish the necessary goodwill required for
a passing off action. Despite the plaintiff’s assertion that it had acquired
substantial goodwill in the Chinese characters “![](data:image/png;base64,)”
through usage and trading since 2005, it was unable to produce its sales
records for the years 2005 and 2006.

19 In _Nation Fittings_ , the plaintiff’s ribbed pipe fittings — supposedly
harbouring “distinctiveness” as noted by Andrew Phang J above, — were held to
be too functional and generic to amount to the “something more” required for
the generation of the relevant goodwill. Similarly, here, there has been no
evidence of “something more” in the business of the plaintiff to exemplify the
required goodwill. No advertisements were produced in court, despite claims of
publicity by the plaintiff, nor were there any witnesses attesting to the
goodwill or reputation of the plaintiff’s pub. Indeed, the plaintiff’s own
witness appeared to have been unaware of the plaintiff’s pub until he actually
visited it in 2008, more than a year after his visit to the defendant’s
establishment and more than three years since the alleged accumulation of
goodwill in the plaintiff’s pub began: see [17] above. Accordingly, I find
that the plaintiff has failed to establish the existence of goodwill for an
action for passing off.

20 For the purposes of a passing off action, whether the misrepresentation in
question was intended or inadvertent is unimportant — what matters is whether
or not the public was misled by the misrepresentation. However, there is a
caveat to this ostensibly permissive test. As Graham J observed in the English
High Court decision of _Benchairs Limited v Chair Centre Limited_ [1974] RPC
429 at 435:

Anyone is entitled, subject to some monopoly or statutory right preventing
him, to copy and sell any article on the market, and false representation and
_passing off only arise when a defendant does something further which suggests
that the article which he is selling is that of the plaintiff_.

[emphasis added]

This was cited with approval by Andrew Phang J in _Nation Fittings_.

21 Further, in _Tong Guan Food Products Pte Ltd v Hoe Huat Hng Foodstuff Pte
Ltd_ [1991] SLR 133, Yong Pung How CJ set out the following in addressing the
issue of the relevant “public” in a passing off action, at 141:

The law is settled and there is a series of cases for the following
propositions from the last century to the present. The test to be applied has
been stated in _Newsweek Inc_ v _British Broadcasting Corporation_ [1979] RPC
441 at p 447 which is _whether ordinary sensible members of the public would
be confused_. It is not sufficient that the only confusion would be to a very
small unobservant section of society or as Foster J put it recently, if the
only person who would be misled would be a moron in a hurry. It is sufficient
that a substantial proportion of persons who are probably purchasers of the
goods of the kind in question would in fact be confused. Whether or not there
is misrepresentation is always a question of fact to be determined by the
court in the light of evidence of surrounding circumstances. _The impression
is entirely a matter for the judgment of the court and not that of the
witnesses_. All that can be done is to ascertain in every case as it occurs
whether there is such a resemblance as to deceive a purchaser using ordinary
caution.

[emphasis added]

22 Applying the various considerations above to the present facts, I find that
the defendant had not “do[ne] something further which suggest[ed] that the
[service] which he [was offering] [was] that of the plaintiff” (_per_ Graham J
above). Indeed, as a matter of logic from the viewpoint of an “ordinary,
sensible member of the public”, this would not have been the case. The
defendant, with an obviously much classier establishment and a more lucrative
business along Orchard Road, was not likely to represent itself as an
affiliate of the plaintiff’s pub, which, from the evidence, was an obviously
lower grade operation located in one of Singapore’s designated red-light
areas.

23 I also find that while Mr Teng attested to being confused as to the
ownership of the two establishments, this was the sole supporting opinion;
there was little else to support his testimony. On the whole, I am not at all
impressed by Mr Teng’s evidence. In _Jumbo Seafood Pte Ltd and Another v Hong
Kong Jumbo Seafood Restaurant Pte Ltd_ [1998] 1 SLR 860, a case cited by the
plaintiff, a survey amongst members of the public was conducted to adduce
evidence of confusion on the part of the public. The survey showed that 40% of
those surveyed were confused in that they thought the defendant’s restaurant
was associated with the plaintiffs’. Accordingly, misrepresentation there was
held to have been made out. There was no such survey in evidence here. I am of
the view that on the present facts there is no risk of an “ordinary sensible
member of the public” being confused in the same way as Mr Teng was by the
defendant’s “misrepresentation”. It is unlikely that the defendant, with
15,000 square feet of classy décor and a business attracting wealthier
individuals, would have any desire to represent that it has any connection to
the plaintiff’s relatively unsophisticated establishment.

24 The final element of the three-fold criteria for founding an action in
passing off is damage, either sustained or prospective. In the event of
prospective damage, the plaintiff has to show that this damage is a matter of
_probability_ , and not mere possibility. This aspect is easily disposed of.
There is no evidence before me of any actual damage suffered by the plaintiff
or of any probable damage likely to be suffered. In fact, the plaintiff’s
profits have increased from approximately $120,000 in 2007 to $220,000 in 2008
— despite the defendant having been in business during those two years. It is
of course open to the plaintiff to run the argument that its earnings could
have been much higher had the defendant not passed off its business as the
plaintiff’s, but there is a dearth of evidence for such a contention.

25 As a matter of principle, it is true that a defendant cannot avoid a
finding of passing off by the mere fact that its goods or services are of as
good or better quality than the plaintiff’s. In the English High Court
decision of _Irvine v Talksport Ltd_ [2002] 2 All ER 414 (“ _Talksport_ ”),
Laddie J observed at [34] that

… the purpose of a passing off action is to vindicate the claimant's exclusive
right to goodwill and to protect it against damage. When a defendant sells his
inferior goods in substitution for the claimant's, there is no difficulty in a
court finding that there is passing off. The substitution damages the goodwill
and therefore the value of it to the claimant. The passing off action is
brought to protect the claimant's property. But goodwill will be protected
even if there is no immediate damage in the above sense. For example, it has
long been recognised that a defendant can not avoid a finding of passing off
by showing that his goods or services are of as good or better quality than
the claimant's. In such a case, _although the defendant may not damage the
goodwill as such, what he does is damage the value of the goodwill to the
claimant because, instead of benefiting from exclusive rights to his property,
the latter now finds that someone else is squatting on it. It is for the owner
of goodwill to maintain, raise or lower the quality of his reputation or to
decide who, if anyone, can use it alongside him_. The ability to do that is
compromised if another can use the reputation or goodwill without his
permission and as he likes. Thus Fortnum & Mason is no more entitled to use
the name F W Woolworth than F W Woolworth is entitled to use the name Fortnum
& Mason.

[emphasis added]

However, Laddie J’s exhortations do not apply here. The plaintiff, unlike Mr
Eddie Irvine, has not shown that it harbours the appropriate goodwill required
for a passing off action. It has also not produced any credible evidence of
any genuine misrepresentation. Finally, no actual or probable damage to the
plaintiff was made out by the plaintiff on the facts. In short, none of the
three threshold requirements for a passing off action have been met, and to
that extent any discussion of “who, if anyone, can use [the plaintiff’s mark]
alongside him” must necessarily be premature.

26 Far from “squatting” on the “property” of the plaintiff, the defendant
appears to have carved out a brand name of its own under the “Mirage
![](data:image/png;base64,) Palace Exclusive Niteclub” sign, attracting well-
shod individuals with its own brand of sophisticated nightlife entertainment.
Significantly, the plaintiff’s own Enquiry Report, commissioned by its
solicitors to survey the defendant’s pub, states that “the KTV located at
Orchard Plaza appears more popular”. I do not think that the defendant can
fairly be said to have transgressed into the plaintiff’s area of business.
Indeed, if anything the similarity in signs is more likely to result in the
dilution and tarnishment of the defendant’s “property”, given the location of
the plaintiff’s pub. It is a far cry from the opportunistic poaching that was
at the core of the litigation in _Talksport_.

27 In view of all the above considerations, the plaintiff’s claim is hereby
dismissed. I will hear arguments on costs at a later date.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 11 Jan 2010 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

