Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Cheok Doris _v_ Commissioner of Stamp Duties  
[2010] SGCA 28

Case Number| :| Civil Appeal No 18 of 2010  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 11 August 2010  
Tribunal/Court| :| Court of Appeal  
Coram| :|  Chan Sek Keong CJ; Andrew Phang Boon Leong JA; V K Rajah JA  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Gan Hiang Chye (Rajah & Tann LLP) for the appellant; Foo
Hui Min and Jimmy Oei (Inland Revenue Authority of Singapore) for the
respondent.  
Parties| :|  Cheok Doris — Commissioner of Stamp Duties  
  
[LawNet Editorial Note: The decision from which this appeal arose is reported
at [2010] 2 SLR 371.]

11 August 2010| Judgment reserved.  
---|---  
  
Chan Sek Keong CJ (delivering the judgment of the court):

Introduction

1 This is an appeal against the decision of a High Court Judge (“the Judge”)
dismissing the appeal of the appellant (“the Appellant”) against the decision
of the Commissioner of Stamp Duties (“the Respondent”) that the Appellant was
not entitled to a refund of stamp duty of $174,600 paid under s 22 of the
Stamp Duties Act (Cap 312, 2006 Rev Ed) (“the SDA”) in connection with an
aborted property transaction (see _Cheok Doris v Commissioner of Stamp Duties_
[2010] SGHC 17).

2 The proceedings in the High Court were brought in the form of a case stated
dated 13 May 2009 (“the Case Stated”) under s 40(1) of the SDA. Section
40(1)(_b_) of the SDA provides that any person who is dissatisfied with the
Commissioner’s decision under s 39A(5) on a notice of objection may, upon
payment of the duty assessed, appeal against the decision to the High Court,
and for that purpose, require the Commissioner to state and sign a case,
setting forth the question upon which his opinion was required, and the
decision made by him.

Background Facts

3 The dispute between the Appellant and the Respondent on this issue arose in
the following circumstances as set out in the Case Stated:

(a) the Appellant and her husband (collectively referred to as “the
Purchasers”) had on 26 May 2004 exercised an option to purchase (“the S&P
Agreement”) the property known as Residency at Mount Sophia, 96 Sophia Road,
comprising 8 residential strata units (collectively called “the Property”,
together with the common property) from its owner (“the Vendor”) at the price
of $6 million;

(b) each of the strata units had been issued with a Subsidiary Strata
Certificate of Title (“SSCT”) stating the area of the unit to be exactly the
same as that described in the S&P Agreement;

(c) prior to the completion of the sale and purchase of the Property, disputes
arose between the Vendor and the Purchasers as to (i) whether the Vendor was
entitled and could give vacant possession of three out of eight of the strata
units; and (ii) the area of the strata units as represented to the Purchasers;

(d) the Purchasers’ case was that the Vendor (through his estate agent) had
represented to them that the net lettable area of the Property was the same as
the total strata area of the Property, _ie_ , 1045 sq m; however, the
valuation report obtained by the Purchasers showed that 230 sq m of void space
had been computed as part of the total strata area of 1045 sq m (by reason of
each living room having a higher than normal ceiling); as a result, the
Property had a lettable area of only 815 sq m, and this deficiency in lettable
area would reduce the market value of the Property by 14% to $5.159 million;

(e) as a result of these disputes, the parties mutually agreed to rescind the
S&P Agreement.

4 After the S&P Agreement was rescinded, the Respondent assessed it to be
chargeable for ad valorem stamp duty under s 22(1) of the SDA and assessed the
duty at $174,600. The Purchasers served a notice of objection on the
Respondent under s 39A(1) of the SDA, relying on the following three grounds
to contend that stamp duty was not payable:

(a) the S&P Agreement was mutually rescinded _ab initio_ and from the date of
such rescission, in law, with retrospective effect, the S&P Agreement did not
exist, or alternatively there was no longer in existence any agreement to be
stamped;

(b) the total strata area of 1045 sq m was stated in the SSCTs, but as 22% of
that area was void space, the Vendor’s title to the Property was not a good
(or marketable) title; and

(c) by reason of the fact that the total strata area as stated in the SSCTs
included 22% of void area which carried little or lesser value, the Vendor
could not rightfully be said to be able to deliver or prove a title to the
Property he had contracted to sell.

5 The Respondent rejected the above arguments and affirmed his assessment on
10 September 2008 under s 39A(5) of the SDA. In his s 39A(5) notice, the
Respondent stated:

We are of the view that the deficiency in net lettable area in the present
case does not constitute substantial misdescription. The facts of Yeo Brothers
Co (Pte) Ltd v Atlas Properties (Pte) Ltd [1988] 1 MLJ 150 are distinguishable
from those of the present case: the former involved the sale and purchase of a
single unit in which there was a pure misdescription of the gross floor area
(177.07 sq. m instead of 158 sq. m), whereas the latter involved the sale and
purchase of an entire development on an en-bloc basis for which your client
had erroneously believed that the gross strata area is the same as the net
lettable area.

We do not consider such a misunderstanding to amount to substantial
misdescription of the said properties. In fact, according to the valuation
report by Allied Appraisal Consultants [P]te Ltd which you have provided on
the said properties, the high ceilings of the family lounges have to be
included in the computation of the strata areas to reflect the true value of
the properties. As there is no substantial misdescription in the present case
amounting to a lack of good title, a refund of any stamp duty paid cannot be
made under section 22(6)(a).

6 The Appellant paid the assessed stamp duty and required the Respondent to
state a case to the High Court to determine issues stated therein. The Case
Stated contained the material facts set out at [3] above and also the
Respondent’s s 39A(5) notice set out at [5] above. The questions for
determination are set out at [16] of the Case Stated (“the Questions”) as
follows:

The questions for the opinion of the Court are:

(a) Whether the [S&P] Agreement is liable to the stamp duty as assessed by the
Respondent;

(b) If so, whether [the] Appellant is entitled to be refunded such stamp duty
paid under s 22(6) of the [SDA];

(c) If the [S&P] Agreement is not liable to the stamp duty as assessed, to
what stamp duty, if any, is it liable.

7 The Judge dismissed the Appellant’s appeal as set out in the Case Stated in
a short judgment, for the reasons set out in the following paragraphs:

2 ... counsel for the [A]ppellant submitted a technical argument as to why the
[V]endor was unable to prove a good title in this case. The argument was
advanced on the claim that the parts of the flats, namely, the designated
family areas had far higher ceilings than the rest of the flats. However, the
[V]endor had calculated the space where the floors were omitted to make way
for those high ceilings and counted it as part of the total strata area. The
purchase price thus included "empty space". Counsel submitted that the
[V]endor was unable to prove title in the void space. Indeed, that was the
allegation against the [V]endor - that he had breached his obligation to
deliver a good title. This might have been a fascinating issue had the dispute
between the [V]endor and [P]urchasers come to trial. The matter was settled
without a determination of the issue in dispute.

3 [Counsel for the Appellant] cited passages from the Parliamentary Debates on
the amendment of the Act and submitted that the amendment to s 22 was to curb
speculation and was not intended to change the position that a vendor must
convey a good title. Counsel submitted that "good title" meant "marketable
title". He submitted that the [V]endor here wanted to convey 1,045m2 (of each
flat) but 22% of that stipulated area was not physical floor area but space.

4 I agree with [counsel] for the [R]espondent, that the burden of proof lay
with the [A]ppellant and she had not discharged the burden. Whether the
contract in this case was enforceable by either party ([V]endor and
[Purchasers]), and whether the [V]endor was able to transfer good title, were
questions of fact that cannot and had not been answered on a case stated. The
[V]endor was not a party before this court. If that question was not answered,
then the [R]espondent was entitled to rely on the [S&P Agreement] and assess
the ad valorem duty on the basis of the land area stipulated in it.

5 The appeal is therefore dismissed. I will hear parties on the question of
costs at a later date.

8 It can be seen from these passages that the Judge did not answer the
Questions stated for the opinion of the court in accordance with s 40(3) of
the SDA. He dismissed the Appellant’s appeal on the ground that the Appellant
had failed to discharge the burden of proof on two issues of fact, _viz_ , (a)
whether the S&P Agreement was enforceable by either party, and (b) whether the
Vendor was able to transfer a good title. The Judge did not accept the facts
as stated in the Case Stated which was filed by the Respondent.

Issues on appeal

9 Before us, the Appellant contended that the Judge was wrong to hold that the
Appellant had not proved the facts and to dismiss her appeal based on the Case
Stated on the following grounds:

(a) the Appellant had disclosed to the Respondent the exchange of letters
between the Purchasers’ solicitors and the Vendor’s solicitors which
documented the main reason why the parties had mutually rescinded the S&P
Agreement (_viz_ , there was a shortfall of 230 sq m in the net lettable area
of the Property);

(b) the Respondent had not rejected the reason or reasons for the rescission,
and accordingly the facts stated in the Case Stated should be accepted at face
value, and the Judge should have decided the Questions referred to him on the
basis of those facts; and

(c) if the Judge did not accept the facts as set out in the Case Stated, he
should have ordered a trial of the Questions raised instead of dismissing the
Appellant’s appeal.

10 With respect to Question (a) set out at [6] above, the Appellant’s case is
that she is entitled to a refund as the Vendor was unable to give a good or
marketable title to the net lettable area of the Property that was represented
to the Purchasers. The Appellant’s counsel argued that s 22(6) of the SDA
should be construed purposively and given a broad interpretation so as not to
apply to any speculative transaction as Parliament’s intention in enacting s
22 of the SDA was to curb speculative activities in the property market.
Accordingly, s 22 of the SDA should not be interpreted to penalise _bona fide_
purchasers like the Appellant where the evidence is clear that the S&P
Agreement was rescinded because of a _bona fide_ dispute between the Vendor
and the Purchasers as to the terms of the sale, and the parties had not wished
to incur unnecessary costs in litigating the dispute in court. The Appellant’s
counsel pointed out that as the misdescription of the net lettable area of the
Property was about 22% of the total strata area and this had resulted in a
diminution of 14% of the market value of the Property (_ie_ , from $6 million
to $5.159 million), a court of law would not have compelled the Purchasers to
complete the purchase without compensation. The Appellant’s counsel contended
that in those circumstances, the Vendor could not give a good title on the
authority of _Yeo Brothers Co (Pte) Ltd v Atlas Brothers (Pte) Ltd_ [1988] 1
MLJ 150 (“ _Yeo Brothers_ ”).

11 In his submission as set out in the Skeletal Arguments, the Respondent
accepted (correctly, in our view) that the facts relating to why the S&P
Agreement was rescinded were not in dispute, but pointed out that the
Purchasers agreed to purchase the Property on an “as is where is” basis and
that the description of the Property (in terms of its area) in the S&P
Agreement corresponded to the description of the Property in the SSCTs. The
Respondent accordingly contended that these matters had nothing to do with the
title of the Vendor and that the decision of the Judge was correct in
dismissing the appeal for the reasons given by him.

12 On the issue of whether on the facts as set out in the Case Stated the
Vendor could have given a “good title” to the Purchasers, the Respondent
argued that the Vendor could have deduced a good root of title to the Property
for the following reasons:

(a) each of the strata units comprised in the Property has its own SSCT in the
name of the Vendor;

(b) that the Singapore Titles Automated Registration System did not show that
there were any encumbrances registered against the titles which could not have
been discharged prior to or at the time of completion.

Decision of this court

13 With respect to Question (a) set out at [6] above, the Appellant had made
an argument in the notice of objection that there was no agreement which could
be subjected to stamp duty as the Vendor and the Purchasers had rescinded the
S&P Agreement _ab initio_. As this argument was not raised before us, we shall
not consider whether, as a matter of contract law, it is possible for
contracting parties to rescind a contract which would otherwise be a valid
contract but for the rescission, or to rescind a contract in a manner that
would affect the rights of third parties (such as the right of the Respondent
to assess stamp duty payable on it). Accordingly, we shall deal with Questions
(a) and (b) together as they are two sides of the same coin in this appeal.
The underlying issue in both the Questions is whether the mutual rescission of
the S&P Agreement on the grounds stated in the Case Stated falls within the
terms of s 22(6)(_a_) of the SDA.

14 As we have mentioned earlier, the Judge had dismissed the Appellant’s
appeal on the ground that she had failed to discharge the burden of proof on
two issues: (a) whether there was an enforceable agreement; and (b) whether
the Vendor was able to give a good title, as the Vendor was not a party to the
proceedings. In our view, this was a rather unorthodox approach to determine
questions of law referred to a court on a case stated. It would appear that
the Judge had required these two issues to be determined against the Vendor
first before he could answer the Questions in the Case Stated. But, the only
purpose of the case stated was to facilitate the court to answer the stated
questions on the basis of facts as stated. There is no burden of proof on any
party as the issues to be decided are issues of law.

15 In our view, the Judge has adopted the wrong approach. Whilst this approach
would have been completely justified if these proceedings had been ordinary
adversarial proceedings with respect to disputed issues of fact, a case stated
is a different kind of court proceedings. A case stated is an established
forensic device whereby questions of law are referred to the court for
determination on stated facts on the basis that the facts are true. For this
reason, the circumstance that the Vendor is not a party in the proceedings is
not material to the Case Stated. If the stated facts are not sufficient to
enable the court to answer the questions referred to it, then the court should
direct that the case stated be amended to include the necessary additional
facts for the questions to be answered. The court should not dismiss it on the
ground that inadequate facts have been stated or another interested party has
not been made a party to the proceedings. The case stated states an issue or
issues of law between the stated parties. In the present case, the Case Stated
was filed by the Respondent and he was estopped from denying or resiling from
the facts in the Case Stated, one of which was that the S&P Agreement was
mutually rescinded for the reasons stated in the Case Stated. Furthermore, for
the same reason, the Appellant should not have been made to bear the costs of
the dismissal.

16 Before us, the Respondent has proceeded on the basis that the facts set out
in the Case Stated are not in dispute. This is an entirely correct position to
take, and which should have been taken in the hearing below. In our view,
there is no reason why the Questions set out in the Case Stated (see [6]
above) cannot be answered on the facts stated therein. The underlying issue is
a short one. It is whether the Vendor was able to prove his title to the
Property for the purposes of s 22(6)(_a_) of the SDA, leading up to the mutual
rescission of the S&P Agreement. The fact that both the Vendor and the
Purchasers believed that the Vendor did not have a good title to pass to the
Purchasers is irrelevant to the liability to pay stamp duty under s 22(6)(_a_)
of the SDA. The issue has to be decided on the basis of a judicial
determination, and not on the basis of mutual agreement between the parties to
the S&P Agreement, as to the meaning of the expression “title” in s 22(6)(_a_)
of the SDA.

Meaning of “title” in s 22(6)(_a_) of the SDA

17 Section 22(6) provides as follows:

Subject to subsection (7), the ad valorem duty paid under this section upon
any contract or agreement for the sale of property shall, on application, be
refunded by the Commissioner where the contract or agreement is later
rescinded or annulled on the ground that –

(_a_) the vendor is unable to prove his title to the property;

...

18 The expression “title” is not defined in the SDA. However, it is a well
established expression in common law conveyancing which is now applicable to
all registered title transfers in Singapore. In the absence of any evidence to
the contrary, we must assume that the draftsman had the common law meaning in
mind when he drafted this provision.

19 The established principle is that in the absence of any express stipulation
to the contrary as to title, the “vendor is required to prove that the
property to be sold is that which he has and the title which he has agreed to
convey is that which he can actually give. A good title is one which shows the
entire interest, legal and equitable, in the vendor, free from encumbrances
and which can be proved according to the law.” (Tan Sook Yee, Tang Hang Wu &
Kelvin FK Low, _Tan Sook Yee’s Principles of Singapore Land Law_ (LexisNexis,
3rd Ed, 2009)(“ _Tan Sook Yee_ ”) at pp 404–405). This obligation is also
described as the requirement to give a good marketable title. The vendor
discharges this obligation when he shows that he, or some other person whose
concurrence he can require, can transfer to the purchaser the whole of the
legal and equitable interest in the land sold (see _Halsbury’s Laws of
Singapore_ vol 14(2) (LexisNexis Singapore, 2009 Reissue, 2009)(“ _Halsbury’s_
”) at para 170.1286). Accordingly, we accept the submission of counsel for the
Appellant that the word “title” in s 22(6)(_a_) of the SDA refers to a good
title or a good marketable title as described in _Tan Sook Yee_.

20 The Property is registered land under the Land Titles Act (Cap 157, 2004
Rev Ed) (“the LTA”). Before its conversion into registered land, the Property
had a common law title. A good title under the law is shown by deducing the
root of title for a period of at least 15 years preceding the sale. Section
3(4) of the Conveyancing and Law of Property Act (Cap 61, 1994 Rev Ed)
provides that “A purchaser of land shall not be entitled to require a title to
be deduced for a period of more than 15 years or for a period extending
further back than a grant or lease by the Crown or the State, whichever period
is the shorter.” Before 1993, the minimum period for deducing title was 30
years. Both requirements are easy to comply with because all assurances as
defined in s 2 of the Registration of Deeds Act (Cap 269, 1989 Rev Ed) (“the
RDA”) are required to be registered under the RDA, in default of which they
would not be admissible in any court of law as evidence of title to such land
(see s 4 of the RDA). A search in the Register of Deeds will show the
assurances that are material for the purposes of deducing title.

21 Deducing title to land in Singapore became even easier under the system of
title registration under the Land Titles Ordinance (now the LTA) since 1960
with respect to unqualified titles. The registered proprietor has an
indefeasible title against the whole world except overriding interests
mentioned in s 46 of the LTA and encumbrances protected by caveats and which
are therefore apparent in the land register. Currently, the bulk of common law
land held in Singapore has been converted to registered land, except for small
pockets of land which have no practical significance in the property market
(see _Tan Sook Yee_ at p 265, n 11). Proving a good root of title to land,
whether common law or registered land, therefore requires little legal skill
or effort in the vast majority of property transactions in Singapore (see
_Algemene Bank Nederland NV v Tan Chin Tiong and another_ [1985–86] SLR(R)
1154 at [11]–[12]).

22 In the present case, the Property is registered land and comprises eight
strata titled units registered in the name of the Vendor. The sale of the
Property included the common property which is also registered land comprised
in a certificate of title which is registered in the name of the Vendor. There
can be no doubt that, at all material times, the Vendor was able to prove his
title to the Property under the LTA, and therefore should be able to prove his
title in the terms of s 22(6)(_a_) of the SDA. However, counsel for the
Appellant argues that s 22(6)(_a_) of the SDA should be interpreted broadly
and purposively to give effect to the objective of the law. He has referred to
the parliamentary materials to show (and this is not denied by the Respondent)
that s 22 of the SDA was enacted to curb speculation in property transactions.
His argument is that the Purchasers agreed to purchase the Property for
investment and not for speculation, and that the S&P Agreement was mutually
rescinded because of the discrepancy in the net lettable area of the Property,
and that this amounted to the Vendor being unable to prove a good or
marketable title to the Property. However, counsel for the Appellant has not
explained to us what the parties had meant by the term “net lettable area”.
Presumably, he meant the “net built-up” or “floor area” as that would be the
area a tenant would be expected to pay rent for.

23 In support of his broad interpretation, counsel for the Appellant referred
to the decision of _Yeo Brothers_ as authority for the proposition that the
Vendor could not give a good marketable title. In that case, the purchaser had
contracted to purchase a flat with an area of 177.07 sq m at the price of
$378,937.00 (or $198.81 per sq foot), but the final strata area was 158 sq m,
resulting in a shortfall of 19.07 sq m (or a 10.77% shortfall in area or
$40,810.56 plus $2,522.80 in value). Lai Kew Chai J held that the
misdescription was substantial and that the purchaser was under no obligation
to complete the purchase without an abatement of the price. Lai J also said
that where the deficiency is not substantial, and is made innocently by the
vendor, the vendor is entitled in equity to obtain an order of specific
performance on the condition, which a court in exercise of its equitable
jurisdiction imposes, that he compensates the purchaser usually by an
abatement of the purchase price. The issue of whether the vendor could give a
good marketable title did not arise in that case. Similarly, another decision
cited by the Appellant, _viz, Chong Ah Kwee and another v Viva Realty Pte Ltd_
[1990] 1 SLR(R) 244 (“ _Viva Realty_ ”) was also concerned with whether the
purchaser there was entitled to an abatement of the purchase price and not
with whether the vendor was able to give a good title. In _Viva Realty_ at
[50], the High Court observed that in the case of the purchase of a strata
flat, every square foot of space counted as what the purchaser was acquiring,
and paying for, was air space bounded by common party walls. It may be said
that this observation is even more pertinent today bearing in mind the high
price of property in Singapore. However, in our view, this observation is not
relevant to the issue in this appeal, _viz_ , whether the Vendor had a good
title to the Property in the circumstances where the dispute between the
Vendor and the Purchasers was not in relation to the title as such, but to
whether the Vendor had misrepresented the lettable area of the Property.

24 The Appellant has also referred to _In re Spollon and Long’s Contract_
[1936] 1 Ch 713 (“ _In re Spollon and Long’s Contract_ ”) where Luxmoore J
said at 718:

The purchaser having bought on an open contract, was entitled to have a good
marketable title, which, as I understand it, is a title which will enable him
to sell the property without the necessity of making special conditions of
sale restrictive of the purchaser’s rights.

In that case, one of the title deeds was not properly stamped. This defect was
considered a matter of importance to the purchaser because if the title were
subsequently challenged, he would not be able to produce in evidence the
improperly stamped deed as part of the chain of title. For this reason he
might have difficulty in selling the property without making special
conditions. When translated in the context of the present case, presumably the
Appellant is claiming that if the Purchasers wanted to sell the Property to
another purchaser subsequently, they would have to state expressly that the
SSCTs of the eight strata units do not have a lettable area of 1045 sq m and
the 230 sq m consists of air space. Put in this way, the argument merely begs
the issue to be decided.

25 In his reply, the Respondent relied on the judgment of the High Court in
_Sheriffa Taibah bte Abdul Rahman v Lim Kim Som_ [1992] 1 SLR(R) 375 (“
_Sheriffa Taibah (HC)_ ”) as authority for the court’s endorsement of the
attributes of a good title. At [94] of _Sheriffa Taibah (HC)_ , the High Court
summarised the submission of counsel for the defendant on the attributes of a
good title by reference to five situations. The court rejected this submission
and held that the cases cited (which included _In re Spollon and Long’s
Contract, Jeakes v White_ (1851) 6 Ex 873; 155 ER 800 (“ _Jeakes v White_ ”)
and _Manning v Turner and Another_ [1975] 1 WLR 91) were not applicable and
that generalised definitions of “good title” could not be applied literally,
as the courts have generally tried to describe rather than to define “good
title” and have decided whether particular defects can be shown to affect the
vendor’s title on a case-by-case basis rather than attempting all embracing
definitions.

26 In _Sheriffa Taibah (HC)_ , the purchaser could not complete the purchase
of the property on the day fixed for completion on 7 July 1983 under the terms
of a sale and purchase agreement dated 29 April 1983. Consequently, the vendor
gave a 21-day notice dated 13 July 1983 to the purchaser to complete the
purchase. On the same day, _ie_ , 13 July 1983, the Collector of Land Revenue
made a declaration to acquire the property under the Land Acquisition Act (Cap
272, 1970 Ed) (“the LAA”) for a public purpose. According to the High Court,
the declaration was due to or precipitated by a fire on the property on 17
February 1983. One of the issues raised by the defendant was whether in the
circumstances the vendor could pass a good title to the purchaser on
completion. The High Court applied the decision of Rath J in _Tsekos and
Another v Finance Corporation of Australia Ltd_ [1982] 2 NSWLR 347 and held
that a declaration made under s 5 of the LAA did not affect the ability of the
vendor (who had a good title) to pass a good title to the property to the
purchaser as such a notice did not have the effect of vesting the title of the
property in the Collector under the LAA (see [97] of _Sheriffa Taibah (HC)_).

27 On appeal, _Sheriffa Taibah (HC)_ was reversed by this court in _Lim Kim
Som v Sheriffa Taibah bte Abdul Rahman_ [1994] 1 SLR(R) 233 (“ _Sheriffa
Taibah (CA)_ ”) on the grounds that the contract was frustrated by the
intended acquisition and that the vendor could not give a good marketable
title. As to the latter ground, the court held as follows at [57]:

57 We note Rath J's view that the state of affairs there existed did not
amount to "a defect" in the vendor's title. _But it seems to us_ that _what we
have here is not truly "a defect" as such in the title to the property_. Nor
is it a question that the property is affected by any encumbrance or charge.
It is a question of a change in the nature or duration of the title. The
process of compulsory land acquisition which de facto had begun with the s 5
declaration had changed the nature or duration of the title. The title had
become no longer one as provided in the agreement - be it a fee simple or in
perpetuity - but a defeasible one which within a short period of time would
vest in the State, as it did. Hence, again, giving the matter a sense of
reality, what the purchaser would have got had he completed the purchase,
would not, in our opinion, be a good and marketable title; what he would have
got would be a defeasible title and an unsaleable one. It clearly was not what
he had bargained for.

[emphasis added]

28 It would appear from the italicised words in the above passage that,
although the court in _Sheriffa Taibah (CA)_ held that the title the purchaser
would have got had he completed the purchase would not have been a good
marketable title but only a defeasible or unsaleable title, the decision, in
our view, would have been better justified on the ground that the contract for
sale was frustrated by the intended acquisition, rather than that on the date
of completion, the vendor could not have been able to transfer a good title to
the land to the purchaser. In any event, this issue is not relevant to the
present case as the Vendor was able to give a good title to the Property to
the Purchasers.

29 We are unable to accept the Appellant’s argument that the deficiency in the
lettable area of the Property is relevant to the question of whether the
Vendor had a good title to the Property. The Respondent’s argument is that the
Vendor was in a position to give a good title of the same area of strata land
that he had agreed to sell to the Purchasers because the total area of the
eight units was exactly 1045 sq m as set out in the SSCTs. In our view, the
Respondent’s argument is to be preferred because as a matter of language,
logic and common sense, the total area of the strata units must be the same as
the lettable area. Given that the SSCTs show the total area of the eight
strata units as 1045 sq m, it is impossible to argue that the Vendor was not
able to give a good title to what is really a conclusive area under the law.
We are unable to accept an argument that if the Vendor could give a good title
to 1045 sq m of strata land, he could not give a good title to 1045 sq m less
230 sq m of the same strata land. The Appellant’s real claim appears to be
that the Purchasers had understood the Vendor’s representation as to the
“lettable” area to mean the “built-up” or “floor” area of the strata units.
This may or may not be the true state of affairs, but even if we accept that
this was the true state of affairs, the issue as to the discrepancy in the
description of the area has nothing to do with the Vendor’s obligation to give
a good title. A breach of that obligation merely gives rise to an issue as to
whether the Vendor is entitled to specific performance, with or without
abatement of the purchase price (see _Yeo Brothers_), or whether the
Purchasers are allowed to repudiate the contract. A misdescription of this
nature has never been considered as a defect in title (see generally
_Halsbury’s_ at para 170.1239 and G. Battersby, _Williams’ Contract for Sale
of Land and Title to Land_ (Butterworths, 4th Ed, 1975) at p 528).

30 In _Jeakes v White_ , Pollock CB said (at 881; 803):

... where a question arises between parties who are about to enter into the
relationship of vendor and vendee, as to the meaning of a good or sufficient
title, there must be such a title as the Court of Chancery would adopt as a
sufficient ground for compelling specific performance; and that by a
stipulation for a good title, must be understood, not such a title as would
support a verdict for the purchaser in an action of ejectment against a mere
stranger, but such a one as would enable the purchaser to hold the property
against any person who might probably challenge his right to it.

An inability to give a good title will provide a good defence to the purchaser
to an action for specific performance by the vendor. However, on the basis of
the test laid down in this passage, the Vendor was undoubtedly in a position
to pass to the Purchasers title to the Property that could withstand any
challenge by any claimant after the Property is registered in their names.
Hence, the remedy of specific performance is not exclusive to questions of
title, but will also cover disputes on misdescription of the area of the
property agreed to be sold. Generally, specific performance would be refused
where severe hardship would be caused to the purchaser (see _Denne v Light_
(1857) 8 De GM & G 774; 44 ER 588), but where the vendor is unable to give a
good title, it is not a question of hardship but of a failure to comply with a
fundamental term of the contract, _ie_ , the obligation of the vendor to give
a good title.

31 In our view, therefore, the rescission of the S&P Agreement by mutual
agreement of the Vendor and the Purchasers on the basis of a substantial
discrepancy in the area of the Property represented to the Purchasers did not
affect the Vendor’s ability to prove or give a good title to the Purchasers,
even though he might not have been able to enforce the S&P Agreement without
an abatement of the purchase price. On the basis that the transaction was not
a speculative transaction, it would seem hard on the Purchasers that they are
not entitled to a refund of the stamp duty (which is a considerable sum) since
the transaction was outside the purposes of s 22 of the SDA. But, in our view,
the wording in s 22(6)(_a_) of the SDA is so clear that it cannot be said that
the Respondent’s decision not to grant the refund of stamp duty was not an act
within the terms of that section.

32 The ambit of s 22(6)(_a_) of the SDA, as drafted, is obviously too narrow
to give relief to many genuine non-speculative property transactions which
have been or may be annulled or aborted for _bona fide_ or legitimate reasons
by the parties concerned. On the existing wording of s 22(6)(_a_) of the SDA,
the purchaser would not be entitled to any refund of stamp duty even where the
agreement has been annulled or rescinded on any ground other than a lack of
good title. We do not know whether this drafting was deliberate or otherwise,
but we note that in 2005, the Minister for Finance, in exercise of his powers
under s 74 of the SDA, made the Stamp Duties (Aborted Sale and Purchase
Agreements) (Remission) Rules 2005 (“the 2005 Rules”) to cater to cases where
it would be unjust for the State not to refund stamp duty. However, the 2005
Rules apply only to contracts or agreements rescinded or annulled on or after
18 February 2005. Under s 74 of the SDA, the Minister could have made the 2005
Rules to apply retrospectively to cover cases like the present case. There is
nothing to prevent the Appellant from seeking to persuade the Minister to do
so on the ground that the Purchasers are deserving of the Minister’s
favourable consideration on the basis of the facts as stated in the Case
Stated and having regard to the considerable amount involved.

33 For the above reasons, we answer the Questions set out in the Case Stated
(at [6] above) as follows:

Question (a) – the S&P Agreement is liable to the stamp duty as assessed by
the Respondent;

Question (b) – the Appellant is not entitled to be refunded the stamp duty;

Question (c) – No answer is required.

Conclusion

34 In the result, the appeal is dismissed with costs and the usual
consequential orders. Each party will pay his/her own costs in the court below
as the Judge did not answer the Questions in the Case Stated.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 11 Aug 2010 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

