Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  ABB _v_ Comptroller of Income Tax  
[2010] SGHC 46

Case Number| :| Income Tax Appeal No 1 of 2009  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 08 February 2010  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Chao Hick Tin JA  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Tan Kay Kheng and Tan Shao Tong (WongPartnership LLP) for
the appellant; Joanna Yap and Joyce Chee (Inland Revenue Authority of
Singapore) for the respondent.  
Parties| :|  ABB — Comptroller of Income Tax  
  
8 February 2010| Judgment reserved.  
---|---  
  
Chao Hick Tin JA:

Introduction

1 This is an appeal from the decision of the Income Tax Board of Review (“the
Board”) in Income Tax Board of Review Appeal No 32 of 2007, where the Board
held that gains obtained from the exercise of share options by the estate of a
deceased employee were subject to income tax. It raises two questions, namely:
(a) whether such a benefit can be considered to arise from employment; and (b)
whether the relevant provisions of the Income Tax Act (Cap 134, 2004 Rev Ed)
(“the Act”), which provisions deem gains derived from share options to be
taxable income, apply to gains derived from share options permitted to be
retained, and subsequently duly exercised, by the estate of a deceased
employee.

The facts

2 The appellant is the widow of an employee taxpayer (“the Taxpayer”) and
brings this appeal in her capacity as the executrix of his estate (“the
Estate”). The respondent is the Comptroller of Income Tax. Prior to his death,
the Taxpayer was a senior executive in a group of related companies (hereafter
referred to collectively as “the Companies” and individually as a “Company”).
As part of his remuneration, he was granted share options in each Company
pursuant to that Company’s share option plan. The terms of the share option
plans of the Companies (collectively, “the Share Option Plans”) are
substantially similar, and the most relevant provisions are the
following:[note: 1]

7.1 Subject as provided in Rules 7 and 8, an Option shall be exercisable, in
whole or in part, during the Exercise Period applicable to that Option and in
accordance with the Vesting Schedule and the conditions (if any) applicable to
that Option.

…

7.3 In any of the following events, namely:–

…

(d) the death of a Participant [_ie_ , a holder of share options granted
pursuant to the Share Option Plans];

…

an Option then held by that Participant shall, to the extent unexercised,
_lapse without any claim whatsoever against the Company, unless otherwise
determined by the Committee in its absolute discretion_. …

[emphasis added]

The Executive Resource Compensation Committee of each Company is the
“Committee” referred to in the above provisions, and it is responsible for
administering that particular Company’s share option plan. I will refer to the
Executive Resource Compensation Committees of the Companies collectively as
“the Committees”.

3 It may be noted that the other events covered by Rule 7.3 of the Share
Option Plans include the bankruptcy of a holder of share options granted
pursuant to these plans (a “Participant”), a Participant leaving the Companies
due to ill-health, injury or retirement upon reaching the legal retirement
age, _etc_. This rule further provides that the Committees, in exercising
their discretion to allow a Participant to retain share options which would
otherwise have lapsed, can vary the number of shares comprised in the share
option and the period during which they have to be exercised.

4 After the death of the Taxpayer in 2005, the Committees exercised their
discretion to allow the Estate to retain and exercise the share options that
had been granted to the Taxpayer prior to his death (“the Share Options”),
which would _prima facie_ have lapsed upon his death. In addition, the
exercise periods for certain of the Share Options which were not exercisable
yet were brought forward such that those share options could be exercised
immediately by the Estate. The Committees’ decision only restored the Share
Options, which (as just mentioned) would otherwise have lapsed due to the
death of the Taxpayer, and did not confer any new share options on the Estate.

5 The Share Options were subsequently exercised by the Estate in 2006, and the
gains derived from the exercise of the options were computed by the respondent
as amounting to over $8m for the Year of Assessment 2007\. The tax liability
on the Estate from such gains was about $1.7m.

6 The appellant disputed that the gains derived from the exercise of the Share
Options were subject to income tax and appealed to the Board. The Board found
that the retention of the Share Options by the Estate was a benefit accruing
to the Estate by reason of the Taxpayer’s employment, and concluded that the
gains derived from the exercise of these share options were subject to income
tax. Dissatisfied, the appellant now appeals to this court against the Board’s
decision.

Relevant provisions of the Income Tax Act

7 The respondent subjected the gains derived by the Estate from the exercise
of the Share Options to income tax under s 10(1)(_b_) of the Act, which reads
as follows:

**Charge of income tax**

**10**.— (1) Income tax shall, subject to the provisions of this Act, be
payable at the rate or rates specified hereinafter for each year of assessment
upon the income of any person accruing in or derived from Singapore or
received in Singapore from outside Singapore in respect of —

…

(_b_) gains or profits from any employment;

…

8 In addition to s 10(1)(_b_), two other provisions are also pertinent. The
first is s 10(6) of the Act, which reads as follows:

Any gains or profits, directly or indirectly, derived by any person from a
right or benefit granted on or after 1st January 2003, whether granted in his
name or in the name of his nominee or agent, to acquire shares in any company
shall, _where the right or benefit is obtained by that person by reason of any
office or employment held by him_ , be deemed to be income chargeable to tax
under subsection (1)(_b_) [_ie_ , s 10(1)(_b_)] … [emphasis added]

9 The second provision is s 10(5) of the Income Tax Act (Cap 134, 2001 Rev Ed)
as it stood prior to the amendments effected by the Income Tax (Amendment) Act
2002 (Act 37 of 2002) (“the former s 10(5)”). The former s 10(5) is the
predecessor of s 10(6) of the Act and reads as follows:

Any gains or profits directly or indirectly derived by any person by the
exercise, assignment or release of a right or benefit whether granted in his
name or in the name of his nominee or agent to acquire shares in a company
shall, _where the right or benefit is obtained by that person by reason of any
office or employment held by him_ , be deemed to be income … [emphasis added]

10 The Court of Appeal held in _Comptroller of Income Tax v HY_ [2006] 2
SLR(R) 405 that s 10(5) of the Income Tax Act (Cap 134, 1996 Rev Ed), which
was _in pari materia_ with both the former s 10(5) and s 10(6) of the Act, was
merely a deeming or definitional provision which sought to include, as taxable
income, gains derived from the exercise of share options that had been granted
to a taxpayer by reason of his office or employment. By extension, the former
s 10(5) and s 10(6) of the Act would operate similarly. Both of these
provisions are relevant in this appeal because s 10(6) of the Act applies to
share options granted on or after 1 January 2003, while the former s 10(5)
applies to share options granted before 1 January 2003 (see s 10(6A) of the
Act). Since the Share Options were granted to the Taxpayer over a period from
1999 to 2004, both s 10(6) of the Act and the former s 10(5) are applicable.

11 Both the appellant and the respondent have accepted that, for the purposes
of this appeal, there is no material difference between s 10(6) of the Act and
the former s 10(5). What is more important is that both of these provisions
only operate in respect of share options that are obtained _by reason of_ any
office or employment held by the taxpayer. Counsel for the appellant, Mr Tan
Kay Kheng (“Mr Tan”), has also pointed out that neither s 10(6) of the Act nor
the former s 10(5) makes any express reference to gains derived from share
options that are allowed to be retained by the estate of a deceased employee.

Issues arising in this appeal

12 In order to subject the gains obtained by the Estate from the exercise of
the Share Options to income tax under s 10(1)(_b_) of the Act, the respondent
must show that:

(a) the retention of the Share Options by the Estate was a benefit extended by
the Companies by reason of the Taxpayer’s employment; and

(b) s 10(6) of the Act and the former s 10(5) apply to share options retained
by a deceased taxpayer’s estate.

These are the two determinant issues in this appeal.

The first issue: Whether the retention of the Share Options by the Estate
constituted a benefit arising from the Taxpayer’s employment

The law

13 Before I examine the relevant authorities, I need to refer to the Court of
Appeal’s decision in _JD Ltd v Comptroller of Income Tax_ [2006] 1 SLR(R) 484,
where the court cautioned against the blind use of foreign case law in
elucidating tax principles, especially where the wording of the foreign tax
legislation was not _in pari materia_ with the local equivalent. I acknowledge
that foreign tax statutes may be (and are often) worded differently from our
local tax legislation. However, for the purposes of the present appeal, I find
Commonwealth cases to be relevant, and even persuasive, sources of authority
in determining the issue of whether a particular gain or benefit is one that
was obtained by reason of the taxpayer’s employment. This is because, as I
will go on to show, the question of whether a gain or benefit arose from
employment is a very broad inquiry that depends very much on the circumstances
of each individual case. In determining this question, the precise wording of
the relevant tax statute would be less crucial. What matters more are the
factors which the courts in other Commonwealth jurisdictions have considered
to be germane in characterising whether a gain falls within or outside
employment.

General principles

14 I will begin my analysis of the first issue (_viz_ , whether the retention
of the Share Options by the Estate was a benefit obtained by reason of the
Taxpayer’s employment) by referring to the applicable general principles
enunciated by Upjohn J in _Hochstrasser (Inspector of Taxes) v Mayes_ [1959]
Ch 22 (“ _Hochstrasser (HC)_ ”), where he said at 33:

In my judgment, the authorities show this, that it is a question to be
answered in the light of the particular facts of every case whether or not a
particular payment is or is not a profit arising from the employment. … [N]ot
every payment made to an employee is necessarily made to him as a profit
arising from his employment. Indeed, in my judgment, the authorities show that
to be a profit arising from the employment the payment must be made in
reference to the services the employee renders by virtue of his office, and it
must be something _in the nature of a reward for services past, present or
future_. [emphasis added]

15 Two points from the above passage by Upjohn J should be noted. First,
whether a particular gain can be treated as having arisen by reason of
employment depends on the facts and circumstances of that individual case.
Second, for the gain in question to be regarded as having arisen from
employment, it must be a reward for services past, present or future. This
“reward for services” test has also been quoted with approval by local authors
(see Pok Soy Yoong & Damian Hong Chin Fock, _Singapore Taxation_
(Butterworths, 2nd Ed, 1989) at p 224 and Angela Tan, _Singapore Master Tax
Guide Handbook 2008/09_ (CCH Asia Pte Limited, 27th Ed, 2008) at ¶ 5-210).

16 It seems to me that, since the question of whether a gain or benefit has
arisen by reason of employment would depend on the unique facts of each case,
the “reward for services” test should not be regarded as the only applicable
test. The problem with the “reward for services” test is that it focuses
entirely on the services rendered by the employee, whereas s 10(6) of the Act
(and also the former s 10(5)) requires the court to determine whether the
benefit in question arises from an employment relationship. It is not that the
“reward for services” test is wrong. But, there could be circumstances where a
benefit, although arising by reason of the taxpayer’s employment, has nothing
to do with the taxpayer’s services, past, present or future. The “reward for
services” test is, of course, a very useful test, but, as I have just stated,
it is not the only test. Indeed, in _Hochstrasser (Inspector of Taxes) v
Mayes_ [1960] AC 376 (“ _Hochstrasser (HL)_ ”), the House of Lords, while
affirming Upjohn J’s judgment in _Hochstrasser (HC)_ , focused on the concept
of employment rather than that of services rendered. As Viscount Simonds held
(at 390):

The question is one of substance, not form. I accept, as I am bound to do,
that the test of taxability is whether from the standpoint of the person who
receives it the profit accrues to him by virtue of his office …

17 Similarly, Lord Radcliffe said (at 391–392):

[W]hile it is not sufficient to render a payment assessable that an employee
would not have received it unless he had been an employee, it is assessable if
it has been paid to him _in return for acting as or being an employee_.
[emphasis added]

18 Later English cases have also affirmed the principle that gains from
employment are not restricted to payments (or other benefits) received as a
reward for services (see _Hamblett v Godfrey (Inspector of Taxes)_ [1987] 1
WLR 357 at 370 and _Wilcock (H M Inspector of Taxes) v Eve_ (1994) 67 TC 223
(“ _Wilcock_ ”) at 237).

19 While I recognise that there is considerable overlap between the two tests
– _viz_ , the “reward for services” test and the “capacity as employee” test –
and that, in most circumstances, the application of the two tests would
produce the same result, they are certainly not identical. What cannot be
disputed is that the real focus of s 10(6) of the Act (and the former s 10(5)
as well) is on whether the share options in question were obtained by the
taxpayer in his capacity as an employee. This “capacity as employee” test at
least clarifies that a particular gain can be treated as having arisen from
employment even if it is not referable to services rendered by the employee.

20 At this juncture, I would like to refer briefly to s 10(2)(_a_) of the Act,
which gives a general definition of the phrase “gains or profits from any
employment” for the purposes of s 10(1)(_b_) of the Act. Although s 10(2)(_a_)
is not relevant in the present appeal, it is important to see the difference
in wording between this provision and s 10(6) of the Act (and, by extension,
the former s 10(5)) because all of these subsections attempt to define when a
particular gain or benefit should be treated as having arisen from employment.
Section 10(2)(_a_) of the Act reads as follows:

(2) In subsection (1)(_b_) [_ie_ , s 10(1)(_b_)], “gains or profits from any
employment” means —

(_a_) any wages, salary, leave pay, fee, commission, bonus, gratuity,
perquisite or allowance (other than a subsistence, travelling, conveyance or
entertainment allowance which is proved to the satisfaction of the Comptroller
to have been expended for purposes other than those in respect of which no
deduction is allowed under section 15) _paid or granted in respect of the
employment_ whether in money or otherwise;

…

[emphasis added]

21 One would immediately notice that s 10(2)(_a_) of the Act refers to
payments made “in respect of the employment”, whereas s 10(6) of the Act
refers to a right or benefit obtained “by reason of any office or employment”.
The question is whether this difference in wording should affect the court’s
approach in ascertaining whether the gain in question arises from employment.
In his article “Taxation of Employment Benefits” (1993) 5 SAcLJ 219, Mr Liu
Hern Kuan (“Mr Liu”) argued (at p 223) that the phrase “in respect of the
employment” in s 10(2)(_a_) of the Income Tax Act (Cap 134, 1992 Rev Ed)
(which is _in pari materia_ with s 10(2)(_a_) of the Act) connoted a wider
test than gains or benefits that were “caused” by the employment. Mr Liu found
support for this view in, _inter alia_ , the Canadian Supreme Court case of
_Nowegijick v The Queen_ (1983) 144 DLR (3d) 193,where Dickson J said (at
200):

The words “in respect of” are, in my opinion, words of the widest possible
scope. They import such meanings as “in relation to”, “with reference to” or
“in connection with”. The phrase “in respect of” is probably the widest of any
expression intended to convey some connection between two related subject-
matters.

On this view, the court should adopt a wider approach under s 10(2)(_a_) of
the Act. On the other hand, the phrase “by reason of … employment” in s 10(6)
of the Act seems to require a causal link between the benefit obtained and the
employment. This requirement may not, however, narrow the inquiry. If
something happens by reason of an _event_ , it is easy to find a causal link
between the event and the consequence. But, where a benefit arises by reason
of a _relationship_ , it is much more difficult to pinpoint the causal links
between the relationship and the benefit. The truth of the matter is that both
the phrases “in respect of” in s 10(2)(_a_) of the Act and “by reason of” in s
10(6) of the Act are imprecise. Mr Liu himself acknowledged in his article
that the phrase “in respect of employment” was “vague and greatly lacking in
content” (at p 227). As such, I am unable to see, from a practical point of
view, how s 10(2)(_a_) of the Act may be distinguished from s 10(6) of the
Act.

22 In my opinion, the court should adopt the same approach to both ss
10(2)(_a_) and 10(6) of the Act in deciding whether a particular gain is “from
any employment” for the purposes of s 10(1)(_b_). Essentially, both provisions
focus on whether the benefit arose out of an employment relationship. Beyond
that, it is not very useful to examine the exact differences in wording
between the two provisions. Ultimately, reverting to Upjohn J’s judgment in
_Hochstrasser (HC)_ , the question of whether a benefit arises from employment
depends heavily on the facts of each case.

23 I would also hasten to clarify that it does not necessarily mean that, just
because a benefit is somehow connected with employment, it follows that the
benefit constitutes a benefit obtained by reason of employment. The facts of
_Hochstrasser (HL)_ itself provide a good example. There, the taxpayer was
required by his employers to transfer from one part of the country to another.
He sold his existing house at a loss, which was indemnified by the employers.
The House of Lords held that the indemnity was not taxable. The taxpayer had
incurred a personal loss because of the requirements of his employment, and
the indemnity provided by the employers was nothing in the nature of income.
Although the payment could be said to have arisen in respect of the employment
or by reason of the employment in a very broad sense, it was really not in the
nature of employment income to be taxed. The nature of and the circumstances
surrounding a benefit obtained within the context of an employment
relationship must be looked at holistically. Thus, the gains or profits
derived from a benefit conferred on an employee by reason of his employment
need not necessarily be income which is taxable as “gains or profits from any
employment” (_per_ s 10(1)(_b_) of the Act).

Gains from employment distinguished from gifts

24 A gain from employment should be distinguished from a mere gift which
accrues to the taxpayer in his personal capacity and which is hence not
taxable. Admittedly, in particular circumstances, the line may not be so
easily drawn. However, that there is such a distinction was alluded to by
Viscount Cave LC in _Seymour v Reed_ [1927] AC 554 at 559:

[I]t must now (I think) be taken as settled that [gains or benefits from
employment] include all payments made to the holder of an office or employment
as such, that is to say, by way of remuneration for his services, even though
such payments may be voluntary, but that they do not include a mere gift or
present (such as a testimonial) which is made to him on personal grounds and
not by way of payment for his services.

25 Atkinson J illustrated the distinction thus in _Calvert (Inspector of
Taxes) v Wainwright_ [1947] KB 526 at 528–529:

Suppose somebody … has the same taxi every day, which comes in the morning as
a matter of course to take him to his work, and then takes him home at night.
The ordinary tip given in those circumstances would be something which would
be assessable, but supposing at Christmas, or, when the man is going for a
holiday, the hirer says: “You have been very attentive to me, here is a … 10
_l_. note,” he would be making a present, and I should say it would not be
assessable because it has been given to the man because of his qualities, his
faithfulness, and the way he has stuck to the passenger. In those
circumstances, it would, in my opinion, be a payment of an exceptional kind.

26 Viscount Cave’s judgment in _Seymour v Reed_ is also significant for the
principle that the voluntary nature of a payment does not necessarily mean
that the payment arises outside employment. This principle was elaborated on
by Fullagar J in the Australian High Court case of _Hayes v Federal
Commissioner of Taxation_ (1956) 96 CLR 47 at 54:

A voluntary payment of money or transfer of property by A to B is prima facie
not income in B’s hands. If nothing more appears than that A gave to B some
money or a motor car or some shares, what B receives is capital and not
income. _But further facts may appear which show that, although the payment or
transfer was a “gift” in the sense that it was made without legal obligation,
it was nevertheless so related to an employment of B by A, or to services
rendered by B to A, or to a business carried on by B, that it is, in substance
and in reality, not a mere gift but the product of an income-earning activity
on the part of B, and therefore to be regarded as income from B’s personal
exertion_. A very simple case is the case where A employs B at a salary of
£1000 per annum, and at the end of a profitable year “gives” him a “bonus” of
£100. Obviously the bonus is income. It is paid without obligation, but it is
clearly in truth part of what B has earned during the year. [original emphasis
omitted; emphasis added in italics]

27 I respectfully agree with Fullagar J that a gratuitous payment made without
any legal obligation attached to it should not automatically be considered as
arising outside employment. Many forms of employee remuneration nowadays, such
as performance bonuses and “golden handshakes”, are voluntary in that they
involve an element of discretion and are not strictly payable under an
employment contract. Yet, it is impossible to regard such payments as anything
other than payments arising out of employment. Thus, the voluntary nature of a
payment (or other benefit) is a factor to be considered in determining whether
that payment arises from employment, but it is not conclusive.

28 In this regard, another principle to note is that, in determining whether a
payment (or other benefit) arises out of employment, the court should look at
the true nature of the payment and not the parties’ description of it. As
Viscount Simon held in _Inland Revenue Commissioners v Wesleyan and General
Assurance Society_ [1948] 1 All ER 555 at 557:

[T]he name given to a transaction by the parties concerned does not
necessarily decide the nature of the transaction. To call a payment a loan if
it is really an annuity does not assist the taxpayer, any more than to call an
item a capital payment would prevent it from being regarded as an income
payment if that is its true nature. The question always is what is the real
character of the payment, not what the parties call it.

Viscount Simon’s _dictum_ was applied by the High Court in _Pinetree Resort
Pte Ltd v Comptroller of Income Tax_ [2000] 1 SLR(R) 275, where the court
found that “initiation deposits” paid to a club were not in the nature of
interest-free loans.

29 As mentioned at [14]–[19] above, whether a particular benefit is a gift or
whether it arises by reason of employment is a question to be decided on the
facts of each case, and the fact that the benefit in question is a reward for
services is one relevant factor to be taken into account. I now turn to the
authorities to see what other factors the courts have considered.

Other relevant factors which distinguish between gains from employment and
gifts

30 In _Cowan v Seymour (Surveyor of Taxes)_ [1920] 1 KB 500, the taxpayer
acted without remuneration as a company secretary for a company from the date
of its incorporation to the date of its liquidation. After the company’s
liquidation, there was a sum in hand, which the company’s shareholders voted
to award to the secretary. The English Court of Appeal held that the payment
did not accrue to the secretary in respect of an office or employment. Lord
Sterndale MR (at 509) identified two factors which heavily influenced his
decision: first, the payment had been made after the secretary’s office had
ended; and, second, the payment came not from the company as employer, but
from its shareholders.

31 Similarly, in _Bridges (Inspector of Taxes) v Hewitt_ [1957] 1 WLR 674, two
directors who wished to acquire shares in a company agreed with the future
shareholders to continue working for the company, in return for which shares
would be transferred to them at a later date. The English Court of Appeal
held, by a majority, that the shares did not constitute remuneration for
employment. In particular, Morris LJ held at 695:

The circumstance that a large payment is to be made by someone other than an
employer may be a considerable indication, though by no means a conclusive
one, that the payment is not by way of remuneration. Remuneration is, as a
rule, something that an employer has arranged or contemplated or at least
knows about. This is so even though payments may come other than from the
employer and may depend on the liberality of others.

32 The purpose of the payment (or other benefit) is also a relevant factor. In
_Seymour v Reed_ , the committee of a cricket club granted a “benefit match”
to a professional cricketer who had been in the employment of the club for
many years. The proceeds of the match were held by the House of Lords not to
constitute profits from employment because they amounted to a one-off payment
which was meant to express the gratitude of the cricketer’s employers and the
cricket-loving public for what the cricketer had done, as well as their
appreciation of his personal qualities.

33 A case in contrast to _Seymour v Reed_ is _Moorhouse (Inspector of Taxes) v
Dooland_ [1955] Ch 284 (“ _Moorhouse_ ”). In _Moorhouse_ , a professional
cricketer was awarded the proceeds from collections taken from spectators on
days when his play had been particularly commendable. However, unlike _Seymour
v Reed_ , the proceeds in _Moorhouse_ were held to arise out of the taxpayer’s
employment. Sir Raymond Evershed MR (at 297–298) distinguished _Seymour v
Reed_ on the grounds that, in _Moorhouse_ , it was a term of the taxpayer’s
contract that the taxpayer was entitled to have a collection taken for him
when his performance was exceptional. Jenkins LJ said at 304:

If the recipient’s contract of employment entitles him to receive the
voluntary payment, whatever it may amount to, that is a ground, and I should
say a strong ground, for holding that, from the standpoint of the recipient,
it does accrue to him by virtue of his employment, or in other words, by way
of remuneration for his services.

34 In _Ball (H M Inspector of Taxes) v Johnson_ (1971) 47 TC 155 (“ _Ball_ ”),
a bank clerk (and others holding similar positions) was required by his
employer bank to sit for certain examinations in order to better qualify
himself for his duties. Failure to pass these examinations did not bar him
from continued employment, but, if he passed, a cash award would be given by
the bank. The bank clerk passed the examinations and duly received this cash
award. The award was held not to be remuneration for employment because the
sole reason for its payment was the bank clerk’s success in passing the
examinations. The common thread running through these three cases – _viz_ ,
_Seymour v Reed_ , _Moorhouse_ and _Ball_ – is that a one-off payment is more
likely to be considered not to be a payment arising from employment if its
purpose was to congratulate the taxpayer for a personal achievement rather
than to reward him for his work.

35 In _Laidler v Perry (Inspector of Taxes)_ [1966] AC 16, it was the practice
of a group of companies to give a £10 gift voucher every Christmas to every
employee who had worked for the group for more than a year. The House of Lords
held that the voucher constituted a profit from employment. The salient
factors in _Laidler v Perry_ were that: (a) the vouchers were given regularly
at Christmas year after year; and (b) they were given to every qualifying
member of the staff (the qualifying members numbered about 2,000 in total).
The judgment of Lord Denning MR in the English Court of Appeal (see _Laidler v
Perry (Inspector of Taxes_) [1965] Ch 192 at 199) shows that the value of the
gift was also significant:

Suppose it had been £100 a year which had been given to all the staff of these
companies each year at Christmas. In that case it would clearly be open to the
commissioners to find that it was a reward, a remuneration or a return for
services rendered. But now suppose that, instead of £100, it was a box of
chocolates or a bottle of whisky or £2, it might be merely a gesture of
goodwill at Christmas without regard to services at all. So it is a question
of degree.

36 _Moore v Griffiths (Inspector of Taxes)_ [1972] 1 WLR 1024 is another
important case. There, a football player received a bonus from the English
Football Association (“the English FA”) for being a member of the English team
which won the World Cup in 1966. Brightman J held that the bonus had “the
quality of a testimonial or [an] accolade rather than the quality of
remuneration for services rendered” (at 1034). In so deciding, he pointed (at
1035) to six factors in support of his conclusion, namely:

(a) the payment had no foreseeable element of recurrence;

(b) there was no expectation of reward;

(c) the payment was made only after the English FA had dispensed with the
player’s services;

(d) the English FA’s principal function was to promote the sport of football
and not to derive a benefit from the services of footballers;

(e) the purpose of the English FA in making the payment was to mark its pride
in a great achievement rather than to remunerate the meritorious execution of
the player’s services; and

(f) each team member had been awarded the same amount, regardless of how many
times he played in the course of the World Cup tournament and whether he was a
player or a reserve.

The sum was therefore not linked with the quantum of any services rendered by
the player.

37 A contrasting decision was reached in _Brumby (Inspector of Taxes) v
Milner_ [1976] 1 WLR 1096. In that case, a company which had a profit-sharing
scheme for its employees decided to merge with a larger company. In view of
the merger, the trustees of the scheme thought that the scheme was no longer
viable. They thus wound it up and distributed the funds among the employees.
The House of Lords held that the distributions to the employees were taxable
as profits from employment. Lord Kilbrandon, in rejecting the argument that
the payment had nothing to do with employment, said at 1101:

Certainly the money forming the payment became available in consequence of
certain events and decisions connected with the structure of the company. But
the sole reason for making the payment to the [taxpayer] was that he was an
employee, and the payment arose from his employment. It arose from nothing
else, as it would have done, if for example, it had been made to an employee
for some compassionate reason.

Summary of the law

38 In the light of all the above authorities, the applicable principles may be
summarised as follows:

(a) Any gain or benefit obtained by a person in his capacity as an employee
would constitute a gain or benefit from employment and is taxable as income.

(b) A gift made to an employee on personal grounds is not a benefit from
employment, but the voluntary or discretionary nature of a payment (or other
benefit) will not _ipso facto_ render that payment a gift.

(c) In determining whether a benefit is obtained by reason of employment, the
court will look at the true nature of the benefit and not what the parties
call it.

(d) Whether a benefit is one arising from employment ultimately depends on the
facts and circumstances of each case. The court will consider the following
factors in answering this question (bearing in mind that no single factor is
conclusive and that it is the overall picture which emerges that will be
determinant):

(i) the value of the benefit;

(ii) the purpose of the benefit;

(iii) the class of persons to whom the benefit was granted;

(iv) whether the benefit was granted by the employer or a third party;

(v) whether the employment had ceased when the benefit was granted;

(vi) whether the benefit had a foreseeable element of recurrence;

(vii) whether the benefit was granted pursuant to the terms of the contract of
employment; and

(viii) whether the benefit was granted voluntarily.

Application of the law to the present appeal

39 Reverting to the instant case, counsel for the appellant, Mr Tan, submitted
that the retention of the Share Options by the Estate was not a benefit
obtained by reason of the Taxpayer’s employment. He relied on the wording of
Rule 7.3 of the Share Option Plans, which (as mentioned earlier at [2] above)
states that the share options given to a Participant (as defined at [3] above)
would _prima facie_ lapse upon his death. Mr Tan therefore argued that the
subsequent decision of the Committees to restore the Share Options was in the
nature of a gift to the Estate (which, for practical purposes, meant the
Taxpayer’s family) because the Share Options had originally become void at the
time of the Taxpayer’s death.

40 In contrast, counsel for the respondent, Ms Joanna Yap (“Ms Yap”), argued
that the Share Options did not lapse upon the Taxpayer’s death because Rule
7.3 of the Share Option Plans also provided that these options would lapse
_unless_ the Committees in their discretion determined otherwise. Ms Yap
submitted that, based on the wording of Rule 7.3, the decision of the
Committees effectively meant that the Share Options never lapsed upon the
Taxpayer’s death.

41 As I see it, the focus of the inquiry should be on the substance of the
transaction as a whole, rather than the exact mechanism or the exact wording
of the provision by which the Share Options were conferred on the Estate. As
mentioned earlier (at [28] above), in determining whether a payment (or other
benefit) arises from employment, the court should look at the true nature of
the payment and not what the parties call it. It would be most undesirable if
an employer and an employee can contractually determine the latter’s tax
liability through the use of appropriate labels. Ultimately, the Share Options
were retained by the Estate through the exercise of the Committees’
discretion. Whether or not these options lapsed at the time of the Taxpayer’s
death and were subsequently restored, or whether they remained valid all
along, is not crucial to the overall picture. What matters more are the
circumstances surrounding the exercise of discretion by the Committees.

42 As I see it, in determining whether the retention of the Share Options by
the Estate should be considered a benefit or gain arising from the Taxpayer’s
employment, three factors are highly pertinent. First, the value of the
benefits derived by the Estate from the exercise of the Share Options is very
considerable – over $8m in total (see [5] above). The size of the benefits
seems more commensurate with their being remuneration to the Taxpayer as a
senior employee of the Companies, rather than a condolence gift or a token of
appreciation.

43 Second, I find that the Committees’ purpose in allowing the Estate to
retain the Share Options was to reward the Taxpayer for the services which he
had rendered. Rule 3 of the Share Option Plans states _vis-à-vis_ each
Company’s plan:[note: 2]

The Plan is a share incentive scheme. The Plan is proposed on the basis that
it is important to retain staff whose contributions are essential to the well-
being and prosperity of the Group [_ie_ , the Companies] and to give
recognition to outstanding executives and executive directors of the Group …
The Plan will give Participants an opportunity to have a personal equity
interest in the Company at no direct cost to its profitability …

44 Rule 3 of the Share Option Plans clearly indicates that the object behind
these plans was to grant share options to Participants as a reward for their
services rather than as a personal gift to them. Although no evidence was
called from the Committees’ members as to their reason or purpose for
exercising their discretion to allow the Estate to retain the Share Options,
there is nothing to suggest that their objective was in any way different from
that which underlies Rule 3. The sole function of the Committees was to
administer the Share Option Plans. It was certainly not part of the mandate of
the Committees to grant condolence gifts or any other largesse to the
Companies’ employees. Accordingly, there is no basis for me to find that, in
allowing the Estate to retain the Share Options, the Committees intended to do
something outside the objective of the Share Option Plans. In the absence of
evidence to the contrary, it is reasonable to presume that the Committees’
reason or purpose for allowing the Estate to retain the Share Options was to
reward the Taxpayer for his past services.

45 Third and most importantly, the retention of the Share Options by the
Estate was something that was expressly contemplated and provided for in the
Share Option Plans. If, under the rules of the Share Options Plans, the share
options held by a Participant unconditionally lapsed upon his death without
any provision for restoration such as that set out in Rule 7.3, and if the
Companies, purely out of goodwill or compassion to the family of a deceased
Participant, then allowed his estate to retain _some_ share options, that
could perhaps make a difference. In this case, however, the possibility of the
Estate retaining the Share Options upon the death of the Taxpayer had always
been part and parcel of the latter’s terms of employment. This is a strong
indicator that the retention of the Share Options by the Estate constituted a
benefit obtained by reason of the Taxpayer’s employment, notwithstanding the
element of discretion present in this case.

46 Mr Tan submitted that it made no difference whether or not the retention of
the Share Options by the Estate was contemplated by the Taxpayer’s terms of
employment, and relied in this regard on the case of _Commissioner for Inland
Revenue v Shell Southern Africa Pension Fund_ (1983) 46 SATC 1 (“ _Shell
Southern Africa_ ”). In _Shell Southern Africa_ , the rules of a pension fund
(“the Fund”) provided that, if a male pensioner died, his widows or dependants
would be entitled to a pension of an amount to be determined according to the
rules of the Fund. The rules further provided that the committee responsible
for administering the Fund had the discretion to commute the whole or any part
of a pension to a single lump sum. A dispute arose between the Fund and the
Commissioner for Inland Revenue over the effect of para 3 (as it stood at the
material time) of the Second Schedule to the Income Tax Act (Act 58 of 1962)
(South Africa) (“the South African Act”), which read:

Any lump sum benefit which becomes recoverable _in consequence of or following
upon_ the death of a member of a pension fund, provident fund or retirement
annuity fund shall be deemed to be a lump sum benefit which accrued to such
member immediately prior to his death … [emphasis added]

47 Paragraph 3 of the Second Schedule to the South African Act was significant
because s 1(_e_) of that Act defined the “gross income” of a taxpayer as
including:

… any amount determined in accordance with the provisions of the Second
Schedule in respect of lump sum benefits received by or accrued to such person
from any fund …

The issue in _Shell Southern Africa_ was whether a lump sum paid out to a
deceased male pensioner’s widows or dependants by the Fund pursuant to the
exercise of the committee’s discretion constituted a lump sum benefit within
the meaning of para 3 of the Second Schedule to the South African Act. The
Supreme Court of South Africa answered this question in the negative. It held
(at 9) that the exercise of discretion by the Fund’s committee constituted an
intervening event that broke the chain of causation between a male pensioner’s
death and the recoverability of the lump sum benefit by that pensioner’s
widows or dependants. Thus, the payment of a lump sum by the Fund to the
widows or dependants of a deceased male pensioner would not be “in consequence
of or following upon” (_per_ para 3 of the Second Schedule to the South
African Act) the death of the pensioner concerned.

48 Mr Tan submitted that the facts of the present case were even stronger than
those in _Shell Southern Africa_. While the widows and dependants in _Shell
Southern Africa_ already had a right to payment from the Fund, the Estate in
the present case had no right to retain the Share Options if the Committees
did not exercise their discretion in its favour. Therefore, Mr Tan contended,
the fact that the retention of the Share Options was originally contemplated
in the Share Option Plans was immaterial because the exercise of discretion by
the Committees was an intervening factor that broke the link between the
Taxpayer’s employment and the Estate’s retention of the Share Options.

49 I am unable to agree with this submission. With respect, counsel seems to
have missed the point that the decision in _Shell Southern Africa_ did not
concern the question of whether a lump sum payment made pursuant to the rules
of the Fund was employment income. Instead, the issue there was whether such a
payment fell within a specific statutory provision (_ie_ , para 3 of the
Second Schedule to the South African Act) and, in particular, whether such a
payment was in consequence of or following upon the death of the male
pensioner concerned. The judgment of the court (at 8) made it very clear that
this was essentially a question of causation. The inquiry was thus a linear
one, namely: did the death of the male pensioner concerned cause the ultimate
result, _ie_ , the payment of a lump sum to his widows or dependants? The
court, having answered this question in the negative, naturally had to rule
that such a lump sum payment did not come within para 3 of the Second Schedule
to the South African Act. The fact that a deceased male pensioner’s widows or
dependants had a prior right to payment from the Fund in the form of annuities
was irrelevant because it was the exercise of the committee’s discretion that
converted this right into a lump sum payment – that was the crux of the
dispute before the court in _Shell Southern Africa_ , and it was determinant
of the eventual outcome in that case.

50 In contrast, and unlike the circumstances in _Shell Southern Africa_ , the
court, in determining whether a gain or benefit arises from employment, has to
consider all the relevant factors in a holistic manner. In my judgment, the
three factors enumerated above (at [42]–[45]), taken together, show quite
clearly that the Share Options were allowed to be retained by the Estate by
reason of the Taxpayer’s employment with the Companies. These factors far
outweigh the following factors which tend to support the opposite conclusion
(_viz_ , that the retention of the Share Options by the Estate did not
constitute a benefit obtained by reason of the Taxpayer’s employment), namely:
(a) the retention of the Share Options was a one-off benefit to the Estate;
(b) the benefit was granted to the Estate after the Taxpayer’s employment had
ceased; and (c) the conferment of the benefit was discretionary.

51 Mr Tan next relied on the case of _Wilcock_ and submitted that the facts in
the present case were indistinguishable from those in _Wilcock_. In _Wilcock_
, the taxpayer was granted share options in his employer’s parent company
which he could originally have exercised at a future point in time. However,
the employer ceased to be a subsidiary of the parent company and the share
options lapsed. The parent company, in order to maintain its reputation for
fair dealing, decided to make an _ex gratia_ payment of £10,000 to the
taxpayer. This payment was held not to be taxable.

52 In my view, the facts in _Wilcock_ are hardly the same as those in the
present case and are distinguishable as follows. In _Wilcock_ , the taxpayer
was compensated for the loss of a right to exercise share options at a future
point in time, and the payment was made entirely _ex gratia_. It did not arise
from the terms of the share option scheme in question, unlike the present
case, where the rules of the Share Option Plans expressly provide that, upon
the death of a Participant, the Committees can allow the estate of the
deceased Participant to retain the share options. In the present case, the
share options retained by the Estate were precisely the Share Options as
defined at [4] above. The Estate did not receive any compensatory payment;
instead, it was allowed to retain the Share Options. Since s 10(6) of the Act
and the former s 10(5) deem gains derived from share options which are granted
to a taxpayer by reason of his office or employment to be “gains or profits
from … employment” within the meaning of s 10(1)(_b_) of the Act, all that the
respondent needs to show is that the Share Options were obtained by the Estate
by reason of the Taxpayer’s employment. As far as this point is concerned, it
is abundantly clear (see [42]–[45] above) that the Estate was allowed to
retain the Share Options because of the Taxpayer’s employment.

53 Lastly, Mr Tan relied on three cases which were cited before the Board in
the proceedings below, namely, _Income Tax Case No 1386_ (1984) 46 SATC 116,
_Secretary for Inland Revenue v Watermeyer_ (1965) 4 SA 431 and _Turner
(Surveyor of Taxes) v Cuxon_ (1889) 22 QBD 150. Mr Tan’s main contention was
that the payments in these three cases were held not to be taxable in
circumstances which, he submitted, were indistinguishable from those in the
present case. I have read these cases and the only common factor in them, as
well as in the present case, is the fact that the payment in question was
discretionary. Beyond that, I do not propose to examine each case in detail. I
have already indicated earlier (at [27] above) that the voluntary nature of a
payment does not conclusively show that the payment arose outside an
employment relationship. I respectfully agree with the Board’s conclusion that
each case has to be looked at on its own facts. I am accordingly of the view
that the retention of the Share Options by the Estate was a benefit arising
from the Taxpayer’s employment, despite the exercise of discretion by the
Committees.

The second issue: Whether s 10(6) of the Act and the former s 10(5) apply to
share options retained by a deceased taxpayer’s estate

54 I now turn to the second issue to be decided in this appeal, _viz_ ,
whether s 10(6) of the Act and the former s 10(5) apply to share options
retained by a deceased taxpayer’s estate. This issue essentially turns on a
construction of these two provisions. In this regard, I note that s 9A(1) of
the Interpretation Act (Cap 1, 2002 Rev Ed) requires the court, in construing
a statute, to adopt an interpretation that would promote the legislative
purpose or object underlying the statute. This provision applies to all
written law and effectively displaces the common law principle that tax
statutes should be interpreted strictly in favour of the taxpayer. As the High
Court put it in _Public Prosecutor v Low Kok Heng_ [2007] 4 SLR(R) 183 at
[41]:

Section 9A(1) of the Interpretation Act requires the construction of written
law to promote the purpose or object underlying the statute. In fact, it
_mandates_ that a construction promoting legislative purpose be preferred over
one that does not promote such purpose or object: see Brady Coleman, “The
Effect of Section 9A of the Interpretation Act on Statutory Interpretation in
Singapore” [2000] Sing JLS 152 at 154. Accordingly, any common law principle
of interpretation, such as the plain meaning rule and the strict construction
rule, must yield to the purposive interpretation approach stipulated by s
9A(1) of the Interpretation Act. _All_ written law (penal or otherwise) must
be interpreted purposively. Other common law principles come into play _only_
when their application coincides with the purpose underlying the written law
in question, or alternatively, when ambiguity in that written law persists
even after an attempt at purposive interpretation has been properly made.
[emphasis in original]

Thus, in interpreting s 10(6) of the Act and the former s 10(5), the court
must give paramount weight to the legislative intention behind these two
provisions.

55 The former s 10(5) was first introduced into our legislation as s 10(5) of
the Income Tax Act (Cap 141, 1970 Rev Ed) via s 3 of the Income Tax
(Amendment) Act 1973 (Act 26 of 1973) (“the 1973 Amendment Act”). Mr Tan
referred me to the following extract from the second reading of the Income Tax
(Amendment) Bill 1973 (Bill 42 of 1973) – _ie_ , the Bill which was
subsequently enacted as the 1973 Amendment Act – in _Singapore Parliamentary
Debates, Official Report_ (26 July 1973) vol 32 at cols 1244–1245 (Hon Sui
Sen, Minister for Finance):

The Stock Exchange[,] which witnessed a lot of speculative activity last year,
also saw the emergence of “share option schemes”. Such share option schemes
allow directors and employees to take an option to buy shares in the company
at often a nominal price. Clause 3 of the Income Tax [(Amendment) Bill 1973
(Bill 42 of 1973)] will make it clear beyond doubt that gains or profits from
share option schemes are liable to income tax.

56 Mr Tan drew my attention in particular to the phrase “directors and
employees” in the above quotation and submitted that Parliament’s intention in
enacting the former s 10(5) was to tax gains derived from share options given
to living directors and employees only. I cannot agree with this submission.
Reading the above extract as a whole, it is clear that the phrase “directors
and employees” was merely being used in a descriptive sense to identify the
usual beneficiaries of a share option scheme. Nothing in the speech of the
then Minister for Finance suggests that Parliament intended to distinguish
between a living employee and the estate of a deceased employee, or to treat
gains derived by the estate from the deceased employee’s share options more
favourably. On the contrary, the last sentence of the above passage affirms my
belief that Parliament simply intended to tax all gains derived from share
options obtained by reason of a taxpayer’s employment. Indeed, it would make
absolutely no sense if the taxability of gains derived from such share options
were to depend on whether or not, at the time of the grant of the options, the
employee was still alive.

57 The former s 10(5) was amended by the Income Tax (Amendment) Act 2002 (Act
37 of 2002), and subsequently re-numbered to become s 10(6) of the Act. The
only difference between the two provisions is that s 10(6) of the Act
expressly deems gains derived from share options to be chargeable to tax under
s 10(1)(_b_) of the Act, whereas the former s 10(5) does not expressly
indicate a head of income under s 10(1). Like the former s 10(5), s 10(6) of
the Act does not draw a distinction between living and deceased employees.
Accordingly, I am of the view that both provisions apply to gains derived from
share options retained by the estate of a deceased employee as long as the
options are shown to have been obtained by reason of that person’s employment,
which the respondent has done in this case.

58 Mr Tan also referred me to ss 10(6)(_d_) and 10(6)(_e_) of the Act, which
provide that any gains or profits derived from share options obtained by
reason of a taxpayer’s office or employment shall be deemed to accrue at such
time and to be of such amount as determined by the following mechanisms:

(_d_) … any gains or profits derived by _him_ [_ie_ , the taxpayer] by any
exercise of a right or benefit to acquire shares in any company listed on the
Singapore Exchange shall be the last done price on the listing date of the
shares so acquired less the amount paid for the shares;

(_e_) “the last done price on the listing date”, in relation to any shares
referred to in paragraph (_d_), means the price of the shares in the open
market at the last transaction on the date on which the shares are first
listed on the Singapore Exchange after the acquisition of the shares by _him_
…

[emphasis added]

Sections 10(6)(_d_) and 10(6)(_e_) of the Act are substantially similar to,
respectively, sub-paras (_c_) and (_d_) of the former s 10(5).

59 Mr Tan contended that the use of the word “him” in ss 10(6)(_d_) and
10(6)(_e_) of the Act indicated that the whole of s 10 was meant to apply to
living employees who exercised their share options in the open market. As
such, s 10(6) of the Act and the former s 10(5) would not be applicable to
deceased employees as they would have had no opportunity to exercise the share
options which had been granted to them while they were alive. For the reasons
set out at [55]–[57] above, I have no hesitation in rejecting this argument.
Sections 10(6)(_d_) and 10(6)(_e_) of the Act merely set out a mechanism for
valuing gains derived from share options obtained by reason of a taxpayer’s
employment where the company in question is a listed company. They do not
change the overall purpose of s 10(6) of the Act (and also the former s
10(5)), which is to deem such gains to be taxable income regardless of whether
the share options were given to an employee before his death or whether they
were restored to his estate pursuant to the rules of the relevant share option
scheme after his death. The personal representatives of a deceased employee’s
estate are just as capable of exercising (or otherwise realising) the share
options and obtaining gains in the open market.

Conclusion

60 For the foregoing reasons, I find that the Share Options retained by the
Estate constituted a benefit which arose by reason of the Taxpayer’s
employment with the Companies, and that s 10(6) of the Act and the former s
10(5) apply to the gains derived by the Estate in exercising those share
options. Accordingly, I affirm the decision of the Board and dismiss this
appeal with costs and the usual consequential orders.

* * *

[note: 1]See the appellant’s Core Bundle of Documents filed on 14 August 2009
(“ACB”) at pp 57–58.

[note: 2]See ACB at p 54.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 08 Feb 2010 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

