Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Ong Pang Siew _v_ Public Prosecutor  
[2010] SGCA 37

Case Number| :| Criminal Appeal No 4 of 2009  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 08 November 2010  
Tribunal/Court| :| Court of Appeal  
Coram| :|  Chan Sek Keong CJ; Andrew Phang Boon Leong JA; V K Rajah JA  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Subhas Anandan and Sunil Sudheesan (KhattarWong) for the
appellant; Bala Reddy and Prem Raj (Attorney General's Chamber) for the
respondent.  
Parties| :|  Ong Pang Siew — Public Prosecutor  
  
[LawNet Editorial Note: The decision from which this appeal arose is reported
at [2009] 4 SLR(R) 474.]

8 November 2010| Judgment reserved.  
---|---  
  
V K Rajah JA (delivering the judgment of the court):

Introduction

1 This is the appeal by Ong Pang Siew (“the appellant”) against conviction for
the murder of his step-daughter (“the deceased”) pursuant to s 302 of the
Penal Code (Cap 224, 2008 Rev Ed) (“Penal Code”). The charge against him
states:

That you, ONG PANG SIEW,

on the 20th day of October 2007 between 10.00 p.m. and 10.30 p.m. at Block 24
Marsiling Drive #08-175, Singapore, did commit murder by causing the death of
one Ong Pan Hui, and you have thereby committed an offence punishable under
section 302 of the Penal Code, Chapter 224.

Factual background

The dramatis personae

2 The appellant has worked as a bus driver for more than 20 years.[note: 1] At
the material time, his employer was M/s Loh Gim Chong Transport (“M/s Loh”)
whom he had worked for about seven months.[note: 2] Before his employment with
M/s Loh, the appellant worked at three different transport companies for
periods of 11 years, six years and one year respectively.[note: 3] He left the
first company when it ceased operating but there is no evidence on record
explaining why he left the other two companies within the space of a year. The
appellant is the former husband of the deceased’s mother, Xiu Yanhong (“Xiu”).
Both the deceased, who was 15 years old in 2007, and Xiu were formerly Chinese
nationals.

3 The appellant met Xiu in 1997 while she was employed as an electronic
production operator in a factory. He was then providing transportation for the
factory’s workers. When the factory closed down in 1998, Xiu found work in
another factory. They continued to maintain contact and later developed a
close relationship. When Xiu fell ill sometime in 1999, the appellant helped
her during her convalescence.[note: 4] After her work permit expired in
November 1999, she returned to China but remained in touch with the appellant.
Eventually, she divorced the deceased’s biological father sometime in
2001.[note: 5]

4 After her divorce, Xiu ran into serious financial difficulties and sought
assistance from the appellant. He responded by visiting her in China. Once
there, he rented an apartment for her and provided her with money from his
savings to tide her over.[note: 6] Their relationship blossomed and she
accepted his proposal for marriage. Following his return to Singapore, the
appellant immediately made arrangements for Xiu to return to Singapore which
she did in 2002. They married soon thereafter.

5 After Xiu obtained her Permanent Resident status in late 2002, she persuaded
the appellant to arrange for the deceased to continue her education in
Singapore.[note: 7] In November 2002, the deceased arrived in Singapore and
subsequently adopted the appellant’s surname, changing her name from “Pan Hui”
to “Ong Pan Hui”. Xiu affirmed that the appellant’s relationship with the
deceased was initially good and he doted on the deceased.[note: 8]

6 On 8 August 2003, Xiu gave birth to their son, GHK (“GHK”). Unfortunately,
the relationship between the appellant and Xiu deteriorated rapidly, soon
after. Xiu had begun working as a masseuse. Subsequently, Xiu worked at three
different massage parlours between 2003 and 2005.[note: 9] Because the
appellant was unhappy with the nature of her work, he and Xiu had frequent
quarrels. In turn, she complained about his gambling habits.[note: 10] The
appellant also heard from his neighbours that different men were sending Xiu
home and that Xiu had become “very sexy”.[note: 11] In 2005, Xiu had two
miscarriages. Following this, the appellant accused Xiu of having affairs with
other men in the course of her work as a masseuse.[note: 12] This further
damaged their relationship. Xiu, for her part, insisted on continuing with the
same line of work. She claimed the additional income was needed to support her
parents in China.[note: 13]

7 In January 2006, Xiu started her own massage parlour, employing her savings
as well as loans from her friends. Despite his continuing and profound
misgivings, the appellant also contributed about $2,000 to the business.[note:
14] Xiu operated the business without a permit and was fined twice before she
terminated it. At around the same time, Xiu’s previous employer offered to
sell her business to Xiu. She accepted this offer. The appellant contributed
about $5,000 to this enterprise.[note: 15] Xiu subsequently spent even more
time at work as she attempted to grow the business. As a result of their long
working hours and loss of trust, the relationship between the appellant and
Xiu inexorably broke down. Xiu testified that “sometimes his temperament was
good, but sometimes it was bad.”[note: 16]_However, she also affirmed that the
appellant had never been violent and would never “lay a hand” on her_.[note:
17]

The divorce proceedings

8 Sometime in March 2007, the appellant and Xiu had a heated argument because
the appellant insisted that Xiu should stop working as a masseuse. More bitter
recriminations followed and on 1 April 2007, Xiu moved out of the matrimonial
home to a rented flat (“Xiu’s flat”) with the deceased and GHK. It was also
around this time that the appellant started working for M/s Loh.

9 On 15 May 2007, Xiu initiated divorce proceedings citing unreasonable
behaviour on the part of the appellant.[note: 18] The Statement of Particulars
for the divorce alleged, _inter alia_ , that after the marriage the appellant
was easily irritated and often lost his temper. Further, it was asserted that
in November 2005, the appellant made Xiu and the children leave the
matrimonial home after Xiu took a lift home from a male customer late at
night. He allegedly only allowed them to return home three months later.[note:
19] The appellant, who had no legal representation, did not contest the
divorce proceedings. In early October 2007, Xiu obtained sole custody of the
deceased. She was also granted sole care and control of GHK while the
appellant was granted access to GHK from 9.00am on Saturdays to 9.00pm on
Sundays.[note: 20] Xiu, in the meantime, secured her Singapore citizenship in
August 2007.[note: 21]

10 After the divorce, the appellant and Xiu agreed that she would send GHK to
City Hall MRT station every Saturday between 11.00am to 12.00 noon where she
would hand care and control of GHK to him. The appellant would then send GHK
back to Xiu on Sunday nights.[note: 22] This arrangement soon led to further
friction. The appellant stated in his police statement (and testified) that
Xiu often did not allow him to have access to GHK by making up excuses at the
last moment.[note: 23] Xiu, however, denied this.[note: 24]

The appellant’s activities on the day of the incident

11 On 20 October 2007, the appellant was entitled to have access to GHK as it
was a Saturday. However, after working late into Friday night, he woke up at
about 10.30am. As he did not have any driving assignment that day, he went for
coffee at the market near his place until about 12.00 noon.[note: 25] After
that, he went home to attend to his laundry.[note: 26] At about 1.00pm, a
friend invited him for a drink. He arrived at the coffee-shop at about 3.25pm.
Together with four of his friends, the appellant stayed at the coffee-shop
until about 9.00pm. During this period, they drank more than 20 bottles of
beer, with the appellant consuming the most with another friend.[note: 27]

12 After the appellant left the coffee-shop, he called Xiu to ask for access
to GHK.[note: 28] However, Xiu told him that GHK was at her shop in East Coast
and that if he wanted to see GHK, he would have to go to the shop.[note: 29]
This upset the appellant and they heatedly quarrelled over the telephone. Xiu
hung up on the appellant but the appellant called Xiu repeatedly and uttered
profanities at her as he was very angry.[note: 30]

13 After failing to obtain Xiu’s agreement on access to GHK that night, the
appellant decided to go to Xiu’s flat. This was nearby. He walked back to his
HDB block, retrieved his bicycle and cycled to Xiu’s flat. The appellant
testified that he had gone to Xiu’s flat for several reasons. He wanted to
know if the deceased was happy after obtaining her Singapore citizenship and
to ascertain her examination results. He also hoped that when Xiu returned, he
could bring GHK back to his place.[note: 31] Further, he wanted to ask the
deceased why she had hit and threatened GHK.[note: 32] According to the
appellant, this was not the first time he had questioned the deceased on this
issue.[note: 33] These reasons were rejected by the trial judge who determined
that the appellant had gone to Xiu’s flat solely to kill the deceased. We
pause here to note that the Prosecution no longer supports this finding of
fact by the trial judge: see [35] below.

The events in Xiu’s flat leading to the homicide

14 When the appellant arrived at Xiu’s place, the deceased opened the door and
let him into the flat. At this time, the two sub-tenants of Xiu’s flat, Zhao
Jing and Liu Qiao Xiao (“Liu”), were both in their bedroom. About two to three
minutes later, Zhao Jing walked to the toilet in the kitchen to take a shower.
As she did so, she saw the appellant sitting beside the deceased near the
computer table in the living room and noted that they were “talking in a
normal manner” and that they were “not quarrelling”.[note: 34] After her
shower while returning to her room, Zhao Jing heard the appellant talking and
his tone sounded like he was laughing.[note: 35]

15 Soon after, Zhao Jing heard a loud scream. The deceased started calling out
her name very loudly. Sensing that something was wrong, she opened her bedroom
door and saw the deceased lying on the floor. The chair which the deceased was
previously sitting on had toppled over and the appellant was squatting beside
her. Zhao Jing moved closer to the kitchen and saw the appellant holding the
deceased’s ear with one hand and her hair with his other hand. The appellant
was banging the deceased’s head against the floor continuously and repeatedly
shouted “Who am I” in Mandarin.[note: 36] In his testimony, the appellant
claimed that the deceased was “very angry”, “disrespectful” and had suddenly
taken “something” from the computer table before he grabbed hold of her.[note:
37]

16 When Zhao Jing tried to persuade the appellant to release his hands, the
appellant looked up at her. He stopped banging the deceased’s head against the
floor but his hands were still on her ear and hair. The appellant was
extremely agitated. He told Zhao Jing that he was the deceased’s father and
that Xiu had abandoned him. At the same time, the deceased entreated Zhao Jing
in a very weak voice to call “999”.[note: 38] Zhao Jing returned to her
bedroom. Concluding that this was a case of family violence, she decided to
call Xiu instead of the police. As Zhao Jing and Liu could not locate Xiu’s
number on their mobile phones, Zhao Jing went to the living room to get the
deceased’s mobile phone. The appellant did not prevent her from doing so.
After retrieving it, Zhao Jing returned to her bedroom and called Xiu who told
her that she was rushing back home and to call for the police.

17 After the telephone conversation, Zhao Jing proceeded to the living room
again and noticed that one of the appellant’s hands was on the deceased’s neck
even though he was not applying any force then.[note: 39] He was simply
sitting on the deceased who was lying on the floor.[note: 40] Zhao Jing tried
to persuade him to release his hand but the appellant ignored her. He
continued to complain aloud that Xiu had abandoned him and that she was a bad
woman. As the appellant remained very agitated, Zhao Jing did not attempt to
contradict him. She observed that, by then, the deceased had stopped moving
and her face and feet had turned purplish.[note: 41]

18 Zhao Jing then ran back to her room and, as she was doing so, noticed a
knife handle without a blade lying by the side of the appellant. On returning
to the room, Zhao Jing told Liu that she was going to the police post to seek
help. When she found the police post closed, she returned to the flat and
observed that the main gate had been padlocked. She gained entrance by using
her keys to open the main gate and saw that the appellant was using his mobile
phone whilst still sitting on top of the deceased.[note: 42]

19 Zhao Jing left the flat again, without closing the gate and wooden door, to
call the police using her phone. She met the police officers at the common
staircase when they arrived and brought them to Xiu’s flat. As the wooden door
had again been closed, she had to use her keys to open it.[note: 43] After
entering the flat, she noticed that the appellant remained seated on top of
the deceased. Zhao Jing then asked the appellant why he had hurt the deceased.
In response, he once again started berating Xiu and all Chinese women.[note:
44]

The appellant’s conduct after he strangled the deceased

20 It has been established that soon after the appellant strangled the
deceased, he made several telephone calls using his mobile phone. He called
his second brother, Ong Pang In (“Pang In”), to inform him that he had killed
the deceased and that he “wanted to jump” to his death. He requested Pang In
to cremate him and to throw the ashes into the sea.[note: 45] However, he was
persuaded by Pang In to wait for the police to arrive. The appellant next
called the sales manager of M/s Loh, Mr Loh Kian Choon (“Mr Loh”), to inform
him of his actions and apologised for being unable to work for M/s Loh
anymore. He also told Mr Loh that the key to the company’s bus was at his
home.[note: 46] The appellant also called Xiu to tell her that he had killed
the deceased. According to Xiu, he sounded calm and as if “he was the
victor”.[note: 47]

21 According to Staff Sergeant Lee Chee Mun Tarmizi (“Ssgt Lee”) of the Civil
Defence Force, he and his crew arrived at Blk 24 of Marsiling Drive at about
10.34pm. When they reached the sixth floor staircase landing after coming out
of the lift, they met a Chinese female (presumably Zhao Jing) who vigorously
gestured to them and led them to Xiu’s flat.[note: 48] Ssgt Lee was the first
to speak to the appellant. He asked the appellant to move aside. The appellant
complied with this direction but repeatedly said to him “No hope” in
Mandarin.[note: 49]

22 Shortly after the police officers arrived at Xiu’s flat, the appellant gave
his police statement to Sergeant Chng Chee Wee (“Sgt Chng”).[note: 50] In
summary, the appellant stated that he did not go to Xiu’s flat with any
intention of killing the deceased. He only formed such an intention after
quarrelling with Xiu when he called Xiu whilst in the flat. The appellant then
strangled the deceased (while apologising to the deceased at the same time) in
order to cause Xiu to feel the pain of losing a loved one. This statement was
relied upon by the trial judge to find that the appellant has gone to Xiu’s
flat with the sole intention of killing the deceased.

23 Three police officers testified that the appellant “smelt” of alcohol when
they saw him.[note: 51] According to Sgt Chng, the appellant would suddenly
alternate between laughing and crying while at Xiu’s flat.[note: 52] While the
appellant was being interviewed by Station Inspector Low Soon Hoe in the
temporary holding area, he appeared to be tipsy. Suddenly, he began to knock
his head against the wall violently and had to be restrained.[note: 53] The
appellant was subsequently given a medical examination at 1.24am on 21 October
2007, about three hours after the offence.[note: 54] His blood was also taken
for alcohol testing (“BAC”) and found to contain 84 mg of ethanol per 100ml of
blood.[note: 55]

The autopsy report

24 An autopsy was carried out on the deceased on 21 October 2007.[note: 56] Dr
Teo Eng Swee (“Dr Teo”), a consultant forensic pathologist at the Health
Sciences Authority, certified that the deceased died from strangulation.
During trial, he testified that “moderate to severe force” must have been
applied to the deceased’s neck in order to cause strangulation.[note: 57]

25 The autopsy report also revealed that the deceased suffered from several
superficial incision and puncture wounds on her neck, limb and abdomen. Dr Teo
testified that the broken blade found in Xiu’s flat was the cause of the
incision and puncture wounds.[note: 58] He stated that the superficiality of
the incision wounds at the neck suggested that they were not inflicted during
a struggle; otherwise the incision would have been deeper or less even.[note:
59] However, he admitted that it was not possible to assert with any certainty
whether these were peri or post mortem injuries.[note: 60]

The trial judge’s decision

26 As the fact of the killing was not disputed, the trial judge noted, in
_Public Prosecutor v Ong Pang Siew_ [2009] 4 SLR(R) 474 (“the judgment”) (at
[41]), that the only remaining issues were whether the appellant intended to
cause the death of the deceased and whether he was entitled to the defence of
diminished responsibility found in Exception 7 of s 300 of the Penal Code.

27 The trial judge rejected the appellant’s evidence that he had gone to Xiu’s
flat to wait for GHK (see [42] of the judgment). He relied on the fact that
the appellant was free for the whole of that Saturday but chose to spend his
time doing household chores and drinking beer with his friends for five to six
hours. The trial judge found (at [43] of the judgment) that the appellant felt
betrayed by Xiu after he had given her and the deceased a new life in
Singapore. After the quarrel over the phone with Xiu about access to GHK, the
appellant had proceeded to Xiu’s flat with the intention of killing the
deceased so that Xiu could experience the pain of losing a loved one in the
same way that he did after the family broke up (see [43] and [47] of the
judgment).

28 The trial judge took into account the following conduct of the appellant in
determining that he was rational and had intended to kill the deceased:

(a) After the deceased was pinned to the floor by the appellant, he carried on
hitting her head against the floor, sat on top of her and strangled her. The
appellant knew what he was doing and was able to respond coherently to Zhao
Jing’s pleas to let the deceased go (see [44] of the judgment).

(b) The appellant obviously used the knife’s blade to make controlled and
deliberate cuts on the deceased’s body. _Whether the appellant inflicted the
wounds before or after the deceased’s death made no material difference since
they were intentional_ (see [45] of the judgment).

(c) The appellant’s conversations with Mr Loh and Xiu after the deceased’s
death and the subsequent communication with the police officers who arrived at
Xiu’s flat, _viz_ his request to go to the toilet, his knowledge of how
serious his actions were and that he would pay with his own life, showed his
clarity of mind (see [46] of the judgment).

29 As for the defence of diminished responsibility, the trial judge rejected
the defence’s expert’s opinion that the appellant suffered from major
depressive disorder. Instead, he accepted the Prosecution’s expert’s opinion
that the appellant had no mental illness (see [53] of the judgment). He held
that even if the appellant was suffering from a major depressive episode,
there had been no substantial impairment of his mental responsibility for his
acts that night (see [54] of the judgment). Accordingly, he found that the
Prosecution had made out its case against the appellant beyond a reasonable
doubt and that the defence of diminished responsibility failed on a balance of
probabilities. The appellant was found guilty and convicted of murder.

Submissions by the parties

30 In this appeal, the appellant’s submissions centred upon three issues. It
was argued that:

(a) the appellant did not intend to kill the deceased (“the s 300(a)
submission”);

(b) the appellant did not intend to inflict the injury which resulted in the
death of the deceased (“the s 300(c) submission”); and

(c) the appellant qualified for the defence of diminished responsibility
because he was suffering from a major depressive disorder which led to a
substantial impairment of his mental responsibility at the time of the offence
(“the diminished responsibility submission”).

31 The Prosecution, on the other hand, submitted as follows:

(a) the trial judge’s finding that the appellant possessed the intention to
kill the deceased should not be disturbed as the appellant was capable of
rational thought at the material time. The finding of facts was not plainly
wrong or arrived at against the weight of the evidence on record;[note: 61]

(b) the appellant, by strangling the deceased, intended to cause the injuries
to her neck which was sufficient in the ordinary course of nature to cause
death;[note: 62] and

(c) the trial judge was correct in holding that the appellant was not
suffering from an abnormality of mind which substantially impaired his mental
responsibility at the time he killed the deceased.[note: 63]

32 We preface our review of the matter by pointing out that if the defence of
diminished responsibility is made out, the conviction of murder will have to
be set aside and substituted by a conviction of culpable homicide not
amounting to murder as provided by Exception 7 in s 300 of the Penal Code.

The decision of the court

The s 300(a) and (c) submissions

33 We will first address, briefly, the trial judge’s finding of fact that the
appellant had gone to Xiu’s flat with the sole intention of killing the
deceased. He held that the appellant intended to cause the deceased’s death
when he went to Xiu’s flat (see [42]–[47] of the judgment). However, in our
view, this finding is not supported by the evidence. The appellant had called
Xiu at about 8.39pm on the day of the offence to ask for access to GHK. A
heated quarrel soon ensued between them. Much was made of this fact by the
Prosecution in the High Court to establish that the appellant had proceeded to
Xiu’s flat with the intention of killing the deceased as he was very angry
with her.[note: 64] The trial judge accepted this submission and observed that
if the appellant had really wanted to see GHK, he could have gone to Xiu’s
shop in the East Coast to pick him up.[note: 65]

34 However, it should also be noted that the appellant knew that Xiu would
eventually return to the flat with GHK and he could pick GHK up from Xiu’s
flat, which was only a few minutes away from his home. There was thus good
reason for the appellant to go directly to Xiu’s flat in Marsiling instead of
going to her shop in East Coast which was much farther away and required
motorised transport to reach. Furthermore, if the appellant had indeed gone to
Xiu’s flat just to kill the deceased, there was no explanation for the time he
spent amiably conversing with her. He also knew that there were tenants in
Xiu’s flat who would recognise him if he harmed the deceased. Zhao Jing had
testified that when she first saw the appellant, he was talking to the
deceased in a normal manner and they were not quarrelling. In fact, she stated
that the appellant’s tone “sounded like he was laughing”.[note: 66] Further,
he made no attempt to conceal his identity from Zhao Jing and Liu and in fact
revealed to Zhao Jing that he was the deceased’s father. In addition, the
police statement recorded by Sgt Chng at Xiu’s flat, which the trial judge
relied on in concluding that the appellant had intended to cause the
deceased’s death, also clearly emphasised that the appellant had gone to Xiu’s
flat without any intention of killing her. Sgt Chng recorded the appellant as
informing him that “[the appellant] came to the unit with _no intention_ to
kill [the deceased] at all”[note: 67] [emphasis added].

35 In the course of oral submission, the Prosecution conceded, after
questioning from this court, that the evidence could not support the trial
judge’s finding that the appellant had gone to the flat with the intention of
killing the deceased. Instead, it submitted that the appellant had probably
formed the intention after he had “ _snapped_ ”. This concession necessarily
throws a different light on the subsequent events that led to the killing of
the deceased by the appellant. We should add that if the Prosecution had not
made this concession, we would have found this to be a fact.[note: 68]

36 We accept that after he “snapped”, the appellant intended to seriously
harm, if not kill, the deceased. He must have known that his act of strangling
her might likely kill her or, at the very least, cause injuries that would in
the ordinary course have been sufficient to kill her. The pathologist
confirmed that moderate to severe force was used in the strangulation. The
death was not an accident. There is also undisputed evidence that while
strangling the deceased, the appellant also apologised to her for the harm
caused. This was recorded by Sgt Chng on a piece of paper (and subsequently
copied to his police patrol log sheet) when he interviewed the appellant at
Xiu’s flat.[note: 69] We further note that after the deceased stopped moving,
the appellant called in quick succession Pang In, Mr Loh as well as Xiu to
inform them that he had killed the deceased. Certainly, at some level of
consciousness the appellant was aware of what he was doing. In the
circumstances, we accept that the Prosecution has established that the
appellant intentionally committed an act of homicide. The crucial issue is
whether he was suffering from diminished responsibility at the material time.

37 The trial judge rejected this defence because he found that the appellant
was “lucid and knew what he was doing”. The trial judge also thought that the
appellant’s ability to respond coherently to Zhao Jing’s pleas to let go of
the deceased “pointed clearly to a rational person in possession of all his
senses” (at [54] of the judgment). With respect, this finding (for the reasons
we give below) over-simplified a complex amalgam of issues. It failed to
adequately take into account a crucial mass of evidence which unmistakeably
shows that many aspects of the appellant’s conduct that night were nothing
short of bizarre, if not entirely abnormal, when assessed holistically. The
fact that an accused may seem to behave rationally or respond coherently at
different points during an offending incident is by no means determinative of
the applicability of the defence of diminished responsibility (see below at
[61]). Individuals suffering from some types of serious mental illnesses do
not entirely lose their ability to think or function normally throughout (or
even after) an offending episode. A failure to appreciate this aspect of
certain types of mental illnesses can lead to an erroneous rejection of this
statutory defence.

Defence of diminished responsibility

Assessment of expert evidence by an appellate court

38 In this case, the expert witnesses called by the Prosecution and the
appellant could not agree on whether, at the material time, the appellant was
suffering from a major depressive episode that caused an abnormality of mind
that substantially impaired his mental responsibility for his acts in causing
the death of the deceased. The principles to be applied by an appellate court
in assessing a trial judge’s findings on expert evidence have been set out in
_Sakthivel Punithavathi v Public Prosecutor_ [2007] 2 SLR(R) 983 as follows:

74 An appellate court will be slow to criticise without good reason a trial
court's findings on expert evidence; see the Privy Council case of _Antonio
Caldeira Dias v Frederick Augustus Gray_ AIR 1936 Journal 154 at 155, 157 and
158, ... _However, if the appellate court entertains doubts as to whether the
evidence has been satisfactorily sifted or assessed by the trial court it may
embark on its own critical evaluation of the evidence focussing on obvious
errors of fact and/or deficiencies in the reasoning process_.

75 Where there is conflicting evidence between experts it will not be the
sheer number of experts articulating a particular opinion or view that
matters, but rather the consistency and logic of the preferred evidence that
is paramount. Generally speaking, the court should also scrutinise the
credentials and relevant experience of the experts in their professed and
acknowledged areas of expertise. Not all experts are of equal authority and/or
reliability. In so far as medical evidence is concerned, an expert with
greater relevant clinical experience may often prove to be more credible and
reliable on “hands-on” issues although this is not an inevitable rule of
thumb. Having said that, there is no precise pecking order or hierarchy
relating to expert evidence. Experts may sometimes be abundantly eminent while
lacking credibility in a particular matter.

76 What is axiomatic is that a judge is not entitled to substitute his own
views for those of an uncontradicted expert's: _Saeng-Un Udom v PP_ [2001] 2
SLR(R) 1. Be that as it may, a court must not on the other hand
unquestioningly accept unchallenged evidence. Evidence must invariably be
sifted, weighed and evaluated in the context of the factual matrix and in
particular, the objective facts. An expert's opinion “ _should not fly in the
face of proven extrinsic facts relevant to the matter_ ”... In reality,
substantially the same rules apply to the evaluation of expert testimony as
they would to other categories of witness testimony. Content credibility,
evidence of partiality, coherence and a need to analyse the evidence in the
context of established facts remain vital considerations; demeanour, however,
more often than not recedes into the background as a yardstick.

[emphasis added]

Before setting out the expert witnesses’ respective opinions, it would be
useful to discuss the symptoms and established guidelines for the diagnosis of
a major depressive episode.

Major depressive disorder – nature and guidelines for diagnosis

39 Both expert witnesses relied on the _Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of
Mental Disorders_ (4th Ed) (“ _DSM-IV-TR_ ”). The _DSM-IV-TR_ is published by
the American Psychiatric Association. It provides the standard classification
of mental disorders used by mental health professionals around the world and
is used in their diagnosis of patients across different clinical
settings.[note: 70]

40 In order to establish a diagnosis of major depressive episode, there are
several criteria which have to be satisfied.[note: 71] In the context of this
appeal, Criteria B, D and E are not relevant. Criterion B is concerned with
symptoms relating to a mixed episode (consisting of both manic episode and
major depressive episode). Criteria D and E deal with symptoms arising
directly from the physiological effects of a substance or general medical
condition and with symptoms not accounted for by bereavement. Only Criteria A
and C are relevant, and they state:[note: 72]

**Criteria for Major Depressive Episode**

A.Five (or more) of the following symptoms have been present during the same
2-week period and represent a change from previous functioning; at least one
of the symptoms is either (1) depressed mood or (2) loss of interest or
pleasure.

Note: Do not include symptoms that are clearly due to a general medical
condition, or mood-incongruent delusions or hallucination.

(1) depressed mood most of the day, nearly every day, as indicated by either
subjective report (e.g., feels sad or empty) or observation made by others
(e.g., appears tearful). …

(2) markedly diminished interest or pleasure in all, or almost all, activities
most of the day, nearly every day (as indicated by either subjective account
or observation made by others)

(3) significant weight loss when not dieting or weight gain (e.g., a change of
more than 5% of body weight in a month), or decrease or increase in appetite
nearly every day. ...

(4) insomnia or hypersomnia nearly every day

(5) psychomotor agitation or retardation nearly every day (observable by
others, not merely subjective feelings of restlessness or being slowed down)

(6) fatigue or loss of energy nearly everyday

(7) feelings of worthlessness or excessive or inappropriate guilt (which may
be delusional) nearly every day (not merely self-reproach or guilt about being
sick)

(8) diminished ability to think or concentrate, or indecisiveness, nearly
every day (either by subjective account or as observed by others)

(9) recurrent thoughts of death (not just fear of dying), recurrent suicidal
ideation without a specific plan, or a suicide attempt or a specific plan for
committing suicide

...

C. The symptoms cause clinically significant distress or impairment in social,
occupational, or other important areas of functioning.

41 The _DSM-IV-TR_ provides (at pp 349–350) that the essential feature of a
major depressive episode is a period of at least two consecutive weeks during
which there is either depressed mood or the loss of interest or pleasure in
nearly all activities.[note: 73] It further states that “[f]amily members
often notice social withdrawal or neglect of pleasurable avocations” and
appetite is usually reduced. Many who suffer from a major depressive episode
feel that they have to force themselves to eat and where appetite reduction is
severe; there may be a significant loss in weight.[note: 74]

42 The _DSM-IV-TR_ also emphasises (at p 351) the importance of a careful
interview in the elicitation of symptoms of a major depressive episode:

_A careful interview is essential to elicit symptoms of a Major Depressive
Episode. Reporting may be compromised by difficulties in concentrating,
impaired memory, or a tendency to deny, discount, or explain away symptoms.
Information from additional informants can be especially helpful in clarifying
the course of current or prior Major Depressive Episodes and in assessing
whether there have been any Manic or Hypomanic Episodes_. [emphasis added]

43 In conducting a diagnosis of a patient, it is important to ensure that the
interviews with the patient are carried out carefully. Additional information
from people who would ordinarily interact with the patient would be especially
useful. Obviously, the patient, being unwell, may not be the best source of
information of his own mental state. It is also not unusual for patients to
play down their difficulties or be in a state of denial. _DSM-IV-TR_ further
highlights that the evaluation of the symptoms of a major depressive episode
is especially difficult when they occur in an individual who also has a
general medical condition (_eg_ , cancer, stroke, myocardial infarction and
diabetes) due to the overlap in their signs and symptoms. Such symptoms should
count towards a major depressive episode unless they are _clearly and fully_
accounted for by a general medical condition. Statistics stated in _DSM-IV-TR_
show that up to 20% to 25% of individuals with these aforesaid medical
conditions will develop a major depressive disorder during the course of their
general medical conditions.[note: 75] In the _Clinical Practice Guidelines,
Depression_ published in March 2004 (Ministry of Health, Singapore), it is
noted (at p 4) that there is a high prevalence of depression in Singapore,
with a percentage of 8.6% in adults. Further, depression can co-exist with
many medical conditions such as cancers (25%–38%), diabetes (24%) or coronary
artery disease (16%–19%).[note: 76]

44 Several other factors which may lead to or contribute to a major depressive
disorder as provided in the _DSM-IV-TR_ should be noted at this point. First,
episodes of a major depressive disorder often follow a severe psycho-social
stressor, such as the death of a loved one or a divorce.[note: 77] Also,
substance dependence (particularly alcohol or cocaine dependence) may
contribute to the onset or exacerbation of a major depressive disorder.[note:
78] Third, a major depressive disorder is one point five to three times more
common among first-degree biological relatives of persons with this disorder
than among the general population.[note: 79]

45 Having considered the symptoms and guidelines for the diagnostic process of
a major depressive episode, we now set out the expert opinions.

The appellant’s expert evidence

46 At the trial, Dr Tommy Tan (“Dr Tan”), a psychiatrist of some 15 years’
experience who is currently in private practice, testified on behalf of the
appellant. Dr Tan graduated from the National University of Singapore and has
a Master of Medicine degree in Psychiatry. He was previously the senior
consultant in the Department of Forensic Psychiatry of the Institute of Mental
Health.[note: 80] He has given expert evidence in the High Court on behalf of
the Prosecution in capital cases on numerous occasions.[note: 81]

47 Dr Tan examined the appellant on three occasions in August 2008. He
communicated with the appellant in the Hokkien dialect as the appellant was
more comfortable conversing in Hokkien than in Mandarin. Dr Tan said this
helped him to establish good rapport with the appellant and allowed him to
elicit more information from him.[note: 82] Dr Tan also interviewed Pang In,
the appellant’s second sister, Sally Ong (“Sally”), and fourth sister, Ong Ah
Soi. Before examining the appellant, Dr Tan read the report of the
Prosecution’s expert, Dr Jerome Goh Hern Yee (“Dr Goh”), dated 21 November
2007 (“Dr Goh’s first report) and the nursing observation charts at the Changi
Complex Medical Centre where the appellant was remanded.[note: 83]

48 In his report dated 25 August 2008 (“Dr Tan’s report”), Dr Tan noted that
the appellant has a “strong family history of mental disorder”[note: 84] and
gave a description of the appellant’s background, his marital problems with
Xiu, his psychiatric symptoms and observations of his recent behaviour by his
family members. Dr Tan gave his psychiatric diagnosis as follows:[note: 85]

_Psychiatric Diagnosis_

Mr Ong Pang Siew has **major depressive disorder, single episode of moderate
severity, chronic** (296.22, Diagnostic and Statistical Manual IV-TR) or
**moderate depressive episode without somatic syndrome** (F32.10,
International Classification of Diseases, edition 10) at the time of the
alleged offence.

It is characterised by a moderately severe depressed mood, feelings of
frustration, irritability, lethargy, insomnia, loss of appetite, loss of
weight, difficulty coping with work, negative thoughts and thoughts of dying.
He drank alcohol to help him to sleep and to cope with his depressed mood.

He has depressed mood since 2005 or earlier. His mental disorder was
exacerbated by the divorce and the difficulties of having access to his son.

He had **acute alcohol intoxication** (303.00 DSM IV-TR; F10.0, ICD 10) at the
time of the alleged offence. He and his companions had drunk more than twenty
bottles of beer from afternoon until evening. He was tipsy after drinking.

_Mental State at the time of the alleged offence_

Pang Siew has major depressive disorder at the time of the alleged offence. He
was already depressed in mood. His depressive disorder made him irritable. His
wife had refused to let him have access to his son which made him more
frustrated and depressed.

He had been drinking for at least 5 to 6 hours before the alleged offence.

He became very agitated by his stepdaughter. When his stepdaughter took a
knife, his actions were initially reactive or defensive. He was so agitated
that he lost his control of his actions. He was acting impulsively. He was not
aware of the consequences of his actions until after his stepdaughter died.

He qualifies for the defence of diminished responsibility. He was suffering
from major depressive disorder that caused an abnormality of mind that
substantially impaired his mental responsibility for his acts in causing the
death of his stepdaughter.

[emphasis in underline and bold in original]

The Prosecution’s expert evidence

49 In rebuttal of Dr Tan’s evidence, the Prosecution called Dr Goh to give his
expert opinion. Dr Goh has a Masters degree in Psychiatry Medicine and a
Masters degree in Clinical Forensic Psychiatry & Psychology (London). He has
been an associate consultant at the Institute of Mental Health for about eight
years. In these eight years, Dr Goh has given expert evidence once in the High
Court and five times in the Subordinate Courts.[note: 86] The evidence in the
High Court was on the mental health of an accused charged with a sexual
offence. This case was the first occasion when Dr Goh gave expert evidence on
the mental state of an accused facing a capital charge.[note: 87]

50 Dr Goh examined the appellant on three occasions in November 2007 about
three weeks after the offence. Unlike Dr Tan, Dr Goh conducted his examination
of the appellant in Mandarin,[note: 88] notwithstanding the fact that the
appellant was “more comfortable with Hokkien”[note: 89] and had told Dr Goh
that he would “like to speak in Hokkien.”[note: 90] Although Dr Goh explained
to the appellant that he could seek any clarification needed, he conceded that
he did not tell the appellant that he could provide an interpreter for the
examination.[note: 91]

51 Before diagnosing the appellant, Dr Goh spoke to Pang In and another sister
of the appellant, Ong Tok May (“Tok May”), on 15 November 2007. It appears
that only brief details about the appellant’s behaviour were obtained during
this meeting. Dr Goh learnt that the appellant was feeling “ _pek chek_ ”
(frustrated) and “a bit sad” but was able to work.[note: 92] The focus of that
particular interview was on the appellant’s family history of mental disorder.
Pang In suffered from depression and was then undergoing follow-up sessions.
In addition, Tok May was taking haloperidol, an anti-psychotic drug because
“she thinks a lot”.[note: 93] Also, the appellant’s mother had taken some
prescribed medication at a private clinic “to calm down”.

52 Dr Goh wrote two reports. The first, earlier referenced as “Dr Goh’s first
report”, was dated 21 November 2007 (see [47] above) and the other was dated
15 September 2008 (“Dr Goh’s second report”). In Dr Goh’s first report,[note:
94] he gave a brief account of the appellant’s personal background, his
marital history and noted that Pang In said the appellant was not “physically
or verbally aggressive by nature and that he is very responsible in his work
and well liked by his bosses”.[note: 95] The material part of Dr Goh’s first
report stated:

**__Background History__** :

This is his first contact with the psychiatric services. One of his brothers
is being treated for depression. Prior to killing, his mood has been low
because of his marital difficulties, but he was able to function at work and
did not receive any complaints about his work performance.

...

**__Personal History__** :

... He has been a bus driver for the past twenty years, often working many
years for the same company. He was with the present company for seven months
at the time of the offence. He has diabetes and hypertension, followed-up at a
polyclinic.

...

**__Mental State Examination__** :

He was relevant and coherent in Mandarin during the interviews. He was not
depressed. The nurses did not observe any psychotic or agitated behaviour
during this remand.

**__Opinion__** :

I am of the opinion that:

1.Mr Ong Pang Siew has no mental illness. _However the effects of recent
ingestion of alcohol and the heightened emotions during altercations with his
wife and the victim that night, in a background of severe and longstanding
marital and family problems, had contributed to his actions leading to the
offence._

2.He was not of unsound mind at the time of the alleged offence.

3.He is currently fit to plead in a Court of Law.

[emphasis in bold italics and underline in original, emphasis in italics
added]

53 Dr Goh’s second report was written after he had the opportunity to consider
Dr Tan’s report. This report, in its entirety, read:[note: 96]

**ONG PANG SIEW** **MALE**

**NRIC NO: S1573035H** **DOB 17 AUGUST 1962**

I refer to your letter dated 29th August 2008. I have read Dr Tommy Tan’s
report dated 25th August 2008 and considered his findings and opinions.

I interviewed Pang Siew between about three to four weeks after the death of
his step-daughter. He did describe experiencing low mood prior to the killing,
contributed by his marital problems and difficulty having access to his son.
However, he said his appetite had been normal. He did not have any psychotic
symptoms. He was also not suicidal.

He described having depressive symptoms such as lethargy, guilt and poor
sleep, but said these symptoms surfaced after his step-daughter’s death. He
had felt very guilty and remorseful for his actions. He said he was crying
while he was strangling her, because he felt hurt that they treated him
poorly. When told by the ambulance crew that she had died, he cried again.

The psychiatric nursing observations did not observe him to have any
persistent depressive symptom during his remand. Moreover, having a major
depressive episode would have impacted significantly on his functioning. He
was still able to fulfil his obligations at work as a bus driver leading to
the offence. He had no complaints about his work performance and did not have
any accident, complaints from his passengers or conflicts with other
motorists.

Hence, I am of the opinion that Pang Siew did not have a major depressive
disorder around the time of the offence.

54 Although both Dr Tan and Dr Goh acknowledged the significance of the
appellant’s family history of mental disorder, neither of them enquired deeply
into the precise nature of the mental disease(s) affecting the appellant’s
family members and whether they were hereditary in nature.[note: 97] As stated
(at [29] above), the trial judge accepted Dr Goh’s evidence that the appellant
was not suffering from a major depressive episode at the time of the offence.

55 Before we evaluate the evidence of the two experts, it will be useful to
set out generally the law on the defence of diminished responsibility.

Law on diminished responsibility

56 The defence of diminished responsibility is encapsulated in Exception 7 of
s 300 of the Penal Code, which reads as follows:

Culpable homicide is not murder if the offender was suffering from such
abnormality of mind (whether arising from a condition of arrested or retarded
development of mind or any inherent causes or induced by disease or injury) as
substantially impaired his mental responsibility for his acts and omissions in
causing the death or being a party to causing the death.

57 Exception 7 was derived from s 2 of the English Homicide Act, 1957: see
second reading of the Penal Code (Amendment) Bill, _Singapore Parliamentary
Debates, Official Report_ (24 May 1961), vol 14 at col 1509–1510 (K M Byrne,
Minister for Labour and Law). The effect of this defence is that:

where the [fact-finder is] satisfied that a person charged with murder, though
not insane, suffered from mental weakness or abnormality bordering on insanity
to such an extent that his responsibility was substantially diminished, the
crime may be reduced from murder to culpable homicide.

(see _Report of the Royal Commission on Capital Punishment_ (1949–1953) (Cmnd
8932) at para 378). The defence attempts to distinguish between different
levels of control or consciousness that a particular accused may have when the
homicide is committed. An accused who kills while suffering from the
prescribed state of mental abnormality is seen by the law to be morally less
culpable and less deserving of extreme punishment than one in full possession
of his faculties. However, as Professor Glanville Williams has penetratingly
observed in Glanville Williams, _Textbook pf Criminal Law_ (Stevens & Sons,
2nd Ed, 1983) at p 686:

[I]t has meant that psychiatrists have been put under pressure to testify in
terms that go beyond their professional competence ... [as the] requirement
that the defendant’s abnormality of mind should have substantially impaired
his mental responsibility, is as embarrassing a formula for a scientifically-
minded witness as could be devised.

58 It is trite law that the appellant bears the burden of proving the defence
of diminished responsibility on a balance of probabilities: see _Chua Hwa Soon
Jimmy v Public Prosecutor_ [1998] 1 SLR(R) 601 (at [8]) (“ _Jimmy Chua_ ”). In
_Took Leng How v Public Prosecutor_ [2006] 2 SLR(R) 70, this Court reiterated
(at [46]) the three-limb test which an accused has to satisfy to establish the
defence of diminished responsibility:

(a) the accused was suffering from an abnormality of mind at the time he
caused the victim’s death;

(b) the abnormality of mind arose from a condition of arrested or retarded
development of mind or any inherent causes, or was induced by disease or
injury; and

(c) the abnormality of mind substantially impaired the accused’s mental
responsibility for his acts and omissions in causing the death.

59 This court held that whilst limb (b) (otherwise known as the aetiology or
root cause of the abnormality) is a matter largely within the purview of
expert opinion, limb (a) and limb (c) are matters which cannot be the subject
of any medical opinion and must be left to the determination of the trial
judge, as the finder of fact. In doing so, the trial judge is, in the words of
Lord Keith of Kinkel in _Walton v The Queen_ [1978] 1 AC 788 (at 793):

_entitled and indeed bound to consider not only the medical evidence but the
evidence upon the whole facts and circumstances of the case. These include the
nature of the killing, the conduct of the defendant before, at the time of and
after it and any history of mental abnormality. … That task is to be
approached in a broad common sense way. [emphasis added]_

60 Hence, in considering whether the defence of diminished responsibility has
been established, not only does the trial judge have to consider the medical
evidence, he is also required to take into account all other relevant facts
and circumstances of the case, including the conduct of the accused before,
during and after the offence: see _Jimmy Chua_ (at [28]–[29]).

61 What amounts to an “abnormality of mind” under the defence of diminished
responsibility has been explicated in _R v Byrne_ [1960] 2 QB 396 (at 403) (“
_R v Byrne_ ”) by Lord Parker CJ as follows:

“Abnormality of mind,” … means a state of mind so different from that of
ordinary human beings that the reasonable man would term it abnormal. It
appears to us to be wide enough to cover the mind’s activities in all its
aspects, not only the perception of physical acts and matters, and the ability
to form a rational judgment as to whether an act is right or wrong, but also
the ability to exercise the will power to control physical acts in accordance
with that rational judgment. _The expression “mental responsibility for his
acts” points to a consideration of the extent to which the accused’s mind is
answerable for his physical acts which must include a consideration of the
extent of his ability to exercise will power to control his physical acts_.
[emphasis added]

62 This interpretation was accepted as correct and authoritative by the Privy
Council in _Elvan Rose v The Queen_ [1961] AC 496 (at 507). Lord Tucker
clarified (at 507–508) that the test is not necessarily “the borderline of
insanity”:

Their Lordships respectfully accept this interpretation of the words
“abnormality of mind” and “mental responsibility” as authoritative and
correct. They would not, however, consider that the Court of Criminal Appeal
was intending to lay down that in every case the jury must necessarily be
directed that the test is always to be the borderline of insanity. There may
be cases in which the abnormality of mind relied upon cannot readily be
related to any of the generally recognised types of “insanity.” If, however,
insanity is to be taken into consideration, as undoubtedly will usually be the
case, the word must be used in its broad popular sense. It cannot too often be
emphasised that there is no formula that can safely be used in every case—the
direction to the jury must always be related to the particular evidence that
has been given and there may be cases where the words “borderline” and
“insanity” may not be helpful.

Lord Tucker correctly emphasised that “ _a man may know what he is doing and
intend to do it and yet suffer from such abnormality of mind as substantially
impairs his mental responsibility_ ” (at 508).

63 Lord Parker CJ’s interpretation in _R v Byrne_ of the term ‘abnormality of
mind’ has also been accepted by this Court in _Jimmy Chua_ (at [22]) and
_Mansoor s/o Abdullah and another v Public Prosecutor_ [1998] 3 SLR(R) 403 (at
[13]) for the purposes of limb (a) of Exception 7. In _Jimmy Chua_ (at [23]),
this court approvingly cited _R v Seers_ (1984) 79 Cr App R 261, where
Griffiths LJ held that chronic reactive depression could on the evidence
before him sustain the defence of diminished responsibility. We should add
that the nature of the causative injury can be either physical or
psychological. A reactive depression caused by extreme adversity or stress may
establish the exception: see _R v Bathurst_ [1968] 2 QB 99; _G Krishnasamy
Naidu v Public Prosecutor_ [2006] 4 SLR(R) 874 (“ _Naidu_ ”); _Public
Prosecutor v Juminem and another_ [2005] 4 SLR(R) 536 (“ _Juminem_ ”).

64 What in fact amounts to a substantial impairment of mental responsibility
is largely a question of commonsense to be decided by the trial judge as the
finder of fact. As a working guide, substantial does not require a total
impairment; neither is it trivial nor minimal: see _Juminem_ (at [30])
applying _Regina v Lloyd_ [1967] 1 QB 175 (at 178). _As stated above, while
medical evidence would be important in determining the presence and/or extent
of impairment, whether an accused’s mental responsibility was substantially
impaired is ultimately a question to be decided by the court based on all the
evidence before it_ : see _Zailani bin Ahmad v Public Prosecutor_ [2005] 1
SLR(R) 356 (at [52]). The courts have flexibly construed similar provisions in
England and New South Wales and have declined to confine the defence to just
clinically recognised illnesses. Indeed, the phrase “abnormality of mind” is
wide enough to cover all aspects of the mind’s activities including transient
or ephemeral manifestations of illnesses, though as a matter of construction
(and policy) the courts have excluded “mental disorders” solely attributable
to the consumption or mal-administration of alcohol, drugs or other like
substances. Such disorders are not due to inherent causes. The exception would
also not apply to emotions of rage, prejudices, hate, passing jealousy and the
like unless they are due to inherent causes rather than external stimuli
alone. However, if those emotions trigger an inherent internal derangement
that culminates in a pathological condition (_eg_ , morbid jealousy), then the
exception could apply: see Naidu at ([9]–[10]).

65 In reviewing the trial judge’s decision, we are conscious that, as an
appellate court, we should be slow to overturn his findings of fact unless
they can be shown to be plainly wrong or against the weight of the evidence.
However, when it comes to inferences of facts to be drawn from the actual
findings, a different approach will be taken. An appellate court in such cases
is as competent as any trial judge to draw any necessary inferences of fact
from the circumstances of the case. Intervention by an appellate court is
justified when the inferences drawn by a trial judge are not supported by the
primary or objective evidence on record: _Jagatheesan s/o Krishnasamy v Public
Prosecutor_ [2006] 4 SLR(R) 45 (at [38]).

Evaluation of the expert witnesses’ diagnosis

66 Dr Goh, in his evidence, accepted that in order to diagnose the appellant’s
mental condition, it was necessary for him to examine the appellant and to
obtain information from those close to him on whether the appellant was
suffering from any impairment of functioning in the relevant period.[note: 98]
Further, when evaluating the symptoms of depression elicited from the
appellant, he had to clarify whether there was any significant impairment in
his social functioning, such as his interaction with friends, his time spent
with his son and whether there was any occupational impairment such as
inability or difficulty in carrying on with his work.[note: 99]

67 This approach appears in line with the guidelines in the diagnostic process
provided by the _DSM-IV-TR_ (see above at [42]–[43]). However, instead of
adhering to this requisite standard, Dr Goh merely relied upon his interviews
with the appellant, Pang In and Tok May, and the nurses’ psychiatric
observation charts to arrive at his conclusion that the appellant was not
suffering from any mental illness.[note: 100] No interviews were conducted
with those who had the most recent and closest contact with the appellant,
namely, Xiu, GHK, Mr Loh or even the appellant’s drinking friends. These were
the people who also had frequent contact with the appellant and would have
been able to provide Dr Goh with crucial information that could have shed much
light on the appellant’s mental state at the time he committed the offence. We
are puzzled why Dr Goh did not do this. As the Prosecution’s expert, he would
have had little difficulty making arrangements to interview these persons.

68 We noted earlier that the appellant’s previous periods of employment lasted
11 years, six years and one year successively and, at the time of the offence,
he had been working at M/s Loh for only about seven months. _It therefore
appears that within a period of less than 18 months preceding the death of the
deceased, the appellant had three different employers_. This pattern was
particularly striking since it departed starkly from his earlier employment
history. No evidence was led by the Prosecution on the reasons for these rapid
job changes. What happened and why did it happen? These facts could be
important but they were never looked into by Dr Goh. What was his state of
mind during the months leading up to the offence? After all, he was having
severe marital problems around this period of time. How did this affect his
work? As occupational impairment is a symptom of major depressive disorder,
the reasons that led the appellant to leave or be told to leave his two
earlier jobs could be significant. Although Dr Goh was told about the
appellant’s employment history, he did not regard it as material. Instead, Dr
Goh’s first report noted that the appellant often worked for “many years for
the same company” which,[note: 101] although true for the most part of his
employment history, was certainly inaccurate for the one and a half years
preceding the killing.

69 As for the interview with Pang In and Tok May, it was largely focused on
their personal history of mental disorder with only cursory details about the
appellant’s health being discussed.[note: 102] Dr Goh acknowledged that the
appellant’s purported weight loss was an important issue since it is a symptom
of depression; yet he did not ask the siblings about this issue at all.[note:
103] Further, Dr Goh did not try to find out the nature of the actual mental
ailments afflicting Pang In, Tok May and the appellant’s mother. In Dr Goh’s
first report, he merely stated that Pang In was being treated for depression,
with no mention of the mental history of Tok May and the appellant’s
mother.[note: 104] Despite reading Dr Tan’s report, Dr Goh did not seek
further clarification or to obtain more details about the “strong family
history of mental disorder” from either Pang In or Tok May.[note: 105] It
appears to us that he did not consider the family history factor as
significant enough to warrant a second look despite the possible increased
risk (one point five to three times) of the appellant developing a major
depressive disorder on the basis of this factor alone.

70 We have highlighted above that it appears that 20% to 25% of diabetic
persons may suffer from major depressive disorder.[note: 106] It is not
disputed that the appellant suffered from hypertension and diabetes.[note:
107] This was noted in Dr Goh’s first report yet the correlation between
diabetes and major depressive disorder did not appear to have been properly
considered by Dr Goh.

71 Another worrying feature about Dr Goh’s examination of the appellant was
that it was conducted in Mandarin when the appellant’s preferred language of
communication was Hokkien.[note: 108] The trial judge stated (at [52] of the
judgment) that the appellant must have been conversant in Mandarin since Xiu
is from China and spoke to him in Mandarin. However, there is no evidence on
the nature of the conversations between the appellant and Xiu or about the
appellant’s level of proficiency in Mandarin. Given the difficulty in
eliciting symptoms of a major depressive disorder without clear
communication,[note: 109] it would have been prudent for Dr Goh to have
arranged for a Hokkien interpreter to be present for the interviews, something
which could have been easily done.[note: 110] We note that in the course of
cross-examination, Dr Goh acknowledged the possibility of miscommunication
between the appellant’s account of his mental health and Dr Goh’s
comprehension of the account given the lack of a common language.[note: 111]

72 In our view, Dr Goh’s diagnostic process fell short of the requisite
standard prescribed under the _DSM-IV-TR_. In response to our concerns about
the above matters, the Prosecution submitted that while there are protocols
which psychiatrists bear in mind when diagnosing patients, in some cases they
nevertheless rely on their own experience in their assessments, this being one
of those cases. We were not impressed by this attempt to paper over the
obvious shortcomings. After all, this was the first case in which Dr Goh had
testified as an expert witness _on a murder charge_. It would be a stretch to
suggest that Dr Goh had any meaningful prior experience to fall back on.
Equally significant, the submission misses the real point. Dr Goh’s diagnostic
process did not even meet his very own prescriptive methodology in examining
patients on their mental capability, _viz_ , interviewing persons regularly
interacting with the appellant to determine if he had any impairment of social
or occupational functioning at the material time.

73 Given the unsatisfactory nature of Dr Goh’s assessment, it would be unsafe,
in our view, to rely on his opinion that the appellant was not suffering from
any form of mental illness.

74 We now turn to Dr Tan’s evidence. The defence and Dr Tan cannot be faulted
for the interviews taking place some ten months after the incident. It does
not appear that there was any delay attributable to counsel or the appellant.
The appointment processes took some time. Unlike Dr Goh, Dr Tan conducted his
examination of the appellant using Hokkien as he recognised the need to
establish rapport with the appellant.[note: 112] Dr Tan also noted the history
of depression concerning Pang In, Tok May and the appellant’s mother, although
like Dr Goh, he was unsure of the exact nature of their mental ailments. Dr
Tan’s report, compared with both Dr Goh’s first and second reports, contained
a much more detailed account of the appellant’s personal history. For example,
he described the circumstances which led to the deterioration of his marriage
and his subsequent divorce, such as the failed pregnancies, the opening of
Xiu’s massage shops, her change in dressing and their lack of communication
due to their long working hours. According to the appellant, he worked long
hours, as much as 15 to 17 hours on weekdays.[note: 113] Dr Tan also recorded
the appellant’s family members’ descriptions of his character. According to
Pang In, the appellant was quite hot-tempered but he became less so after his
marriage in July 2002 at the age of 40 and he was very caring towards his
family.[note: 114] Dr Tan further noted Pang In’s and Sally’s observations on
the appellant’s mood prior to the offence. Dr Tan’s report stated:[note: 115]

Pang In has seen Pang Siew in July, August, September 2007 before the alleged
offence. Pang Siew had approached him for money to pay the lawyer. _Pang In
said that Pang Siew looked very depressed. He looked worried. He was also not
responsive when spoken to. He was always sighing. He was very negative and
kept saying “die already”. He told Pang In that he has a lot of worries, that
life has no meaning and he felt very frustrated_.

_Pang In also reported that Pang Siew was haggard looking and had lost weight
when he saw him from July to September 2007. Pang Siew told Pang In that he
was very depressed because he could not see his son_.

Sally saw him in April 2007 during her daughter’s birthday. She noticed that
he was sad looking and not lively.

They said that Pang Siew has been drinking more as a result of his marital
problems. _Pang Siew drank less after he married but drank more in the later
part of his marriage. They said that when Pang Siew drank, he could become
agitated when someone irritated him_.

[emphasis added]

75 In contrast, the information elucidated from the appellant’s family members
as recorded in Dr Goh’s first report merely stated that:[note: 116]

**_Premorbid personality_** :

His brother said he is not physically or verbally aggressive by nature and
that he is very responsible in his work and well-liked by his bosses. He is
very close to his son and would prepare food, bath and feed him with minimal
assistance from others after he got off from work.

76 Dr Tan’s range of enquiries and diagnostic process were undoubtedly more
comprehensive than Dr Goh’s. The information provided by the appellant’s
family members would have enabled Dr Tan to have a better picture of the
appellant’s state of mind prior to the offence. However, Dr Tan’s diagnosis
also fell short of being thorough. Like Dr Goh, Dr Tan did not interview Xiu,
GHK, Mr Loh or the appellant’s friends. In fairness, we should mention that it
would have been difficult for him (unlike Dr Goh) to have secured the
assistance of Xiu (or GHK) as he was an expert for the defence. With regards
to the appellant’s employment history, Dr Tan’s report merely recorded that he
had “worked for several transport companies”[note: 117] without ascertaining
the reasons for his departure from those companies. Although Dr Tan noted that
the appellant has diabetes and hypertension,[note: 118] he did not, like Dr
Goh, appear to have assessed the correlation between these medical conditions
and a major depressive disorder.[note: 119] In addition, as noted above, both
Dr Tan and Dr Goh were aware of the appellant’s family history of depression
but did not probe further into this. Deeper inquiries into the precise nature
of their mental ailments ought to have been conducted in order to determine if
they were hereditary in nature.

77 Hence, even though Dr Tan’s diagnostic process was more detailed than Dr
Goh’s, it was not entirely satisfactory. More could and should have been done
by both Dr Tan and Dr Goh (and counsel) to ensure that the trial judge was
provided with detailed information of matters relevant to the appellant’s
state of mind at the time of the offence. This is especially important given
the nature of the offence and the mandatory punishment that would follow a
conviction. Bearing in mind the above concerns, we shall now analyse in
greater detail Dr Tan’s and Dr Goh’s psychiatric diagnosis of the appellant.

Comparison between Dr Tan’s and Dr Goh’s diagnosis

78 The fundamental difference between Dr Tan’s and Dr Goh’s diagnosis lies in
the number of symptoms listed under Criterion A of major depressive episode
that was elicited from the appellant. Under the _DSM-IV-TR_ , at least five of
the nine listed symptoms must be present before a diagnosis of major
depressive episode can be made. Dr Tan elicited eight symptoms from the
appellant while Dr Goh could only elicit two.[note: 120] For ease of
reference, we set out a comparison table of their findings below:

|  Requirement of Criterion A |  Dr Tan’s assessment |  Dr Goh’s assessment  
---|---|---|---  
1 |  Depressed mood most of the day, nearly every day. |  Present |  Present  
2 |  Markedly diminished interest or pleasure in all, or almost all, activities most of the day, nearly every day. |  Present |  Absent  
3 |  Significant weight loss when not dieting or weight gain (eg, a change of more than 5% of body weight in a month), or decrease or increase in appetite nearly every day. |  Present |  Absent  
4 |  Insomnia or hyper-somnia nearly every day. |  Present |  Absent  
5 |  Psychomotor agitation or retardation nearly every day (observable by others, not merely subjective feelings of restlessness or being slowed down). |  Present |  Absent  
6 |  Fatigue or loss of energy nearly every day. |  Present |  Absent  
7 |  Feelings of worthlessness or excessive or inappropriate guilt nearly every day. |  Present  |  Present  
8 |  Diminished ability to think or concentrate, or indecisiveness, nearly every day. |  Absent |  Absent  
9 |  Recurrent thoughts of death (not just fear of dying), recurrent suicidal ideation without a specific plan, or a suicide attempt or a specific plan for committing suicide. |  Present |  Absent  
  
  

79 During the appellant’s examination in chief, he affirmed various portions
of his family members’ accounts to Dr Tan (as recorded in Dr Tan’s
report):[note: 121]

Q[Reads] “Pang Siew’s family saw him four to five times a year. Pang Siew is
closest to Pang In. When Pang Siew called Pang In, he told Pang In that life
has no meaning.”

Is this correct?

AYes.

QAll right.

AYes.

QNow, the third paragraph:

[Reads] “Pang In has seen Pang Siew in July, August, September 2007 before the
alleged offence. Pang Siew had approached him for money to pay the lawyer.
Pang In said that Pang Siew looked very depressed. He looked worried. He was
also not responsive when spoken to. He was always sighing. He was very
negative and kept saying ‘die already’. He told Pang In that he has a lot of
worries, that life has no meaning and he felt very frustrated.”

Is this correct?

AYes.

QAnd then fourth paragraph:

[Reads]: “Pang In also reported that Pang Siew was haggard looking and had
lost weight when he saw him from July to September 2007. Pang Siew told Pang
In that he was very depressed because he could not see his son.”

AThat’s right.

QRight. Now:

...

[Reads] “Sally saw him in April 2007 during her daughter’s birthday. She
noticed he was ... looking sad ... and not lively”.

...

[Reads] “They said that Pang Siew has been drinking more as a result of his
marital problems. Pang Siew drank less after his marriage but drank more in
the later part of his marriage. They said that when Pang Siew drank, he would
become agitated when someone irritated him.”

AYes

QRight. Is this true?

AYes.

80 The appellant also affirmed his own account as recorded in Dr Tan’s
report:[note: 122]

Q[Reads] “He said that his wife complained that he did not talk and he would
get angry for no reason.”

Is this true?

AYes.

Q[Reads] “ _His wife also told him to go and see a psychiatrist at the
Institute of Mental Health_.”

_Is this true?_

A _Yes_.

Q[Reads] “He continued to feel depressed after his wife left the marital home
and divorced him.”

AYes.

Q[Reads] “He feels ‘pek chek’ i.e. frustrated.”

Is it true?

AYes.

Q[Reads] “He did not feel like working but he still went to work.”

Is this true?

ABecause I have to work.

Q[Reads] “He was unable to sleep at night. He said his eyes would be wide open
the whole night. He kept thinking of his son. He would think about why his
wife had behaved in that way.”

AYes.

Q[Reads] “He ate less. He lost weight. He said that he used to weigh more than
200 pounds and he had a 41 inch waist. He started to lose weight from 2005.”

AYes.

Q[Reads] “He had no interest in doing anything. He would just sit at home if
he was not working.”

AYes.

Q[Reads] “He had thoughts of dying but he could not commit suicide because his
son is very young.”

AYes.

Q[Reads] “He drank 1 to 2 bottles of beer every night. He drank more on
weekends ... as he did not have to work. He drank because he was depressed and
he was alone at home, he kept thinking of his son and was feeling confused. He
says that if he did not drink, he would have difficulty sleeping.”

AYes.

[emphasis added]

81 The above evidence, if unchallenged by the Prosecution, would have
established, apart from Requirements (1) and (7), Requirements (3), (4), (5),
(6) and (9) of Criterion A. There is an established rule of evidence that if
what a witness says is not challenged, the evidence is deemed to have been
admitted: the rule in _Browne v Dunn_ (1893) 6 R 67. The purpose of the rule
is to secure procedural fairness in litigation (see _Yeo Kwan Wee Kenneth v
Public Prosecutor_ [2004] 2 SLR(R) 45 (at [3])). The rule requires that
matters that are challenged be put to the witness during cross-examination to
give the witness an opportunity to respond. Unchallenged testimony may be
considered by the court to be undisputed by the opposing party and therefore
accepted.

82 During the cross-examination of the appellant, the Prosecution,
surprisingly, only briefly questioned a few aspects of the appellant’s
evidence without probing his testimony and or ultimately putting its case to
the appellant. With regard to the appellant’s purported weight loss, the
cross-examination proceeded as follows:[note: 123]

QAll right. Now, you also have said that you started losing weight in 2005,
right?

AThat’s right.

QCan you tell the Court why you started losing weight in 2005?

AIn 2005, I started to have a marital problem with my wife, I can say that my
wife gave me pressure.

QYes. When did you realise that you were suffering from hypertension and
diabetes?

AWell, ... I found out that ... I had high blood pressure when I was having my
reservist.

...

QYes, when was that?

AIn the 1990s.

QAnd then? And what about your diabetes? When did you realise you were a
diabetic?

AI went for medical check-up at the ... camp and the medical officer found out
about it.

...

QYes. Again, I’m asking you, you were going for outpatient for your
hypertension as well as ... for your diabetes, isn’t it? You went to OPD,
outpatient dispensary clinic where they told you [that] you were suffering
from hypertension as well as diabetes, correct or not?

AI cannot remember when but I went to ... Woodlands Polyclinic.

QAnd would that be around 2004, 2005 as well?

AWith regard to my health, I cannot remember.

QAnd you were overweight at that time, correct? 200 over pounds.

AYes, 200 over.

QAnd you were advised to lose weight, correct?

AYes, the doctor advised me to ... lose weight.

QAnd in fact, even your wife also advised you, told you that you should lose
weight.

ANo, she did not.

QAnd even to Mr Loh, you told him that you had lost weight due to health
reasons. Mr Loh has testified to that effect in Court.

AWell, I did not lose weight.

QWhat do you mean ... you did not lose weight? When did you not lose weight?

AWell ... all along I still eat the usual amount of food. I did not go on
diet.

QAnd would I be right, as far as 2007 while you were working with Mr Loh,
there was actually no difference in your weight. Your weight was about the
same throughout that period.

AYes.

83 Regrettably, there was no objective evidence produced by either party to
show if and when the appellant had suffered from significant weight loss even
though this fact could have been easily ascertained, in particular, by the
Prosecution. While the appellant stated that he did not lose weight during the
period of employment before the offence, this was contradicted by one of the
Prosecution’s witnesses, Mr Loh. He testified after examining a photograph
taken on the day of the offence that the appellant appeared to have lost
weight.[note: 124] Mr Loh’s evidence on this point was not challenged by the
Prosecution and the Prosecution did not dispute that the appellant used to
weigh over 200 pounds. This underscores our concern that the appellant may not
be the best person to provide information about his health. More crucially,
the appellant’s evidence was that he started losing weight because of the
pressure from his marital problems in 2005. This point was not disputed by the
Prosecution. It only asked if the appellant’s weight remained constant during
his period of employment with Mr Loh in 2007.[note: 125] Further, Oon Kim Lye,
a friend of the appellant, stated that the appellant had lost “quite a bit of
weight after he divorced his wife.”[note: 126] Dr Goh’s evidence that the
absence of significant weight loss without dieting was “not elicited” from the
appellant was rather remarkable. He did not ask anyone about the issue of
weight loss and did not rely on any objective evidence in assessing this
criterion.[note: 127] Accordingly, Requirement 3 of Criterion A must be taken
to be established. Similarly, with regards to the appellant’s reported problem
of insomnia _ie_ , Requirement 4 of Criterion A, the evidence that he was
unable to sleep at night as he kept thinking of his son and about why his wife
had “behaved in that way” was not challenged by the Prosecution during cross-
examination.

84 We note that the trial judge had found (at [51] of the judgment) that the
appellant’s weight loss was deliberate because of his diabetes and
hypertension and that the appellant had said as much to Mr Loh. In our view,
this finding is debatable considering that Mr Loh was not even aware of the
actual health reason or that the appellant was diabetic.[note: 128] When asked
specifically whether the appellant had told him the reason for his weight
loss, Mr Loh could only state, “Er, I _think_ it’s for health reason”
[emphasis added].[note: 129] Further, with regard to the finding that the
appellant’s sleeping problem arose only after the incident based on his own
account to Dr Goh, we have already pointed to the language barrier between the
appellant and Dr Goh and the fact that he had conceded the possibility of
miscommunication (see above at [71]). The appellant’s consistent evidence was
that his sleeping problem arose well before the incident.[note: 130]

85 In addition, the appellant verified Pang In’s and Sally’s observations (as
recorded in Dr Tan’s report) that the appellant had become very negative and
was unresponsive when spoken to. He had also informed Dr Tan that he did not
feel like working but had to work because he needed his job. These two nuggets
of information provided the basis for Dr Tan’s finding that the appellant had
psychomotor retardation and was suffering from fatigue or loss of energy
(Requirements 5 and 6 of Criterion A).[note: 131] Again, the Prosecution did
not properly challenge the appellant’s testimony on this point. All it asked
was whether the appellant had complained to Mr Loh about his long working
hours,[note: 132] and whether he had any problems coping with the demands of
his work.[note: 133] Here we should pause to observe that the appellant
ordinarily worked 15–17 hours a day on weekdays. He would certainly have been
overstretched at work. Unfortunately, this aspect of his working conditions
was not explored by counsel or by the psychiatrists. It is also worth noting
that Pang In was a Prosecution’s witness and yet the Prosecution did not
consider it necessary to clarify whether what he had told Dr Tan about the
appellant appearing depressed and worried as well as unresponsive when spoken
to were true.

86 As for Requirement 9 of Criterion A, that is to say the appellant having
suicidal thoughts, the Prosecution did briefly attempt to cross-examine him on
this issue.[note: 134] The appellant had insisted that he had been
entertaining suicidal thoughts even before the offence and that he had told
Xiu that he found life to be tough-going and that he was a failure.[note: 135]
All the Prosecution tepidly put to the appellant was that he was merely
embellishing his evidence because if he had had suicidal thoughts before the
offence, he would have mentioned it to Dr Goh during his examination. However,
we have already explained why Dr Goh’s investigative procedures were less than
satisfactory. Many questions that should have been asked were not asked.
Information that ought to have been obtained was not. In short, the fact that
this information was not found in both of Dr Goh’s reports certainly does not
mean that the appellant did not have suicidal thoughts before the incident.

87 The appellant verified that even before the incident he was feeling very
negative and had repeatedly told Pang In, in anguish, “die already”. He had
also told Pang In that he had a lot of worries and that life had no meaning.
Although it was established during trial that Pang In had met the appellant
only once within the period of six months preceding the offence,[note: 136]
the Prosecution did not dispute that they often spoke to each other on the
phone.[note: 137] If the Prosecution intended to contest the appellant’s
testimony on this issue, it ought to have recalled Pang In to ascertain the
position. This was not done. In the circumstances, we find that Dr Tan’s
finding that the appellant was entertaining suicidal thoughts even prior to
the incident should have been preferred by the trial judge. Accordingly,
Requirement 9 of Criterion A was also satisfied.

88 Both Dr Tan and Dr Goh were of the opinion that Requirements 1 and 7 of
Criterion A of a major depressive episode were displayed by the appellant. For
the above reasons, we also prefer Dr Tan’s opinion that Requirements 3, 4, 5,
6 and 9 were also present. Since more than five of the listed requirements
were present, Criterion A is satisfied. As for Criterion C, which requires
impairment of social or occupational functioning, this point is related to
Requirement 5 of Criterion A. Sally had observed that the appellant was sad-
looking and was not lively when she met him at her daughter’s birthday. Also,
as stated, Pang In told Dr Tan that the appellant was unresponsive when spoken
to. Both accounts were not challenged by the Prosecution. According to Dr Tan,
this showed that there was a change in the appellant’s behaviour and he was
unable to enjoy pleasurable experiences.[note: 138]

89 In the circumstances, we find that Dr Tan’s report, which opined that the
criteria for making a diagnosis of a major depressive disorder had been
satisfied, was preferable to Dr Goh’s. We now turn to the non-medical
evidence. The evidence (in particular, the appellant’s conduct before, during
and after the offence) compels us to arrive at the same conclusion.

The other factors considered

90 Zhao Jing testified that when the appellant hit the deceased’s head against
the floor, he was very agitated and kept shouting “Who am I”. He refused to
release his hands even when asked to do so by Zhao Jing (see above at
[15]–[16]). In his statement recorded by Sgt Chng, the appellant stated that
when he was strangling the deceased, he kept on apologising to her and said
that he was left with no choice but to kill her. The appellant’s violence was
not in keeping with his character and temperament. Xiu had testified that even
when the appellant’s temperament was bad, the appellant would only utter nasty
words but would not resort to violence.[note: 139]

91 Zhao Jing had left Xiu’s flat to go to the police post soon after she
called Xiu to inform her of the situation. When she returned, the main gate
was padlocked and the wooden door closed even though she did not lock or close
them. Upon re-entry, she saw that the appellant was still sitting on the
deceased even though the deceased had stopped moving. The appellant remained
in the same position when she left the flat a second time and returned with
the police officers. The appellant admitted during cross-examination that he
had closed the main gate on both occasions but he could not explain why he did
so.[note: 140] His actions were inexplicable; twice, he closed the main gate
and wooden door and then went back to sit on the deceased. He must thus have
sat on the deceased for about half an hour (from the time before Xiu made the
first information report at 10.15pm[note: 141] to the time that the police
arrived at about 10.35 pm).[note: 142] There was no rational explanation for
the appellant’s behaviour.

92 One of the phone calls made by the appellant after he killed the deceased
was to inform Mr Loh that he could no longer work for M/s Loh. He apologised
for not being able to carry out his driving assignment the next day and told
him that the key to the company’s bus was at his home.[note: 143] It was
curious why despite having committed such a serious offence, the appellant
seemed unduly concerned by such an inconsequential matter. Rather than showing
clarity of mind, as the trial judge seemed to have thought,[note: 144] we are
of the view that this conduct was abnormal behaviour, unless he was a cold-
blooded murderer; we, however, do not think he is one. This view is reinforced
by the fact that the appellant was later observed to be laughing and crying
when the police officers arrived at Xiu’s flat. Later, he began banging his
head against the wall in the temporary holding area (see above at [23]) while
being interviewed.

93 The appellant’s physical condition as a result of the drinking binge he had
just before the incident is also an important consideration. As noted above,
the appellant had a BAC of 84 mg per 100ml of ethanol about three hours after
the offence was committed. This is not an inconsiderable amount. Indeed, his
BAC must have been much higher at the time of the offence.[note: 145] That the
effect of the alcohol could have exacerbated his depression at the time of the
offence was recognised by both Dr Tan and Dr Goh.[note: 146] We recognise that
self-induced intoxication is not a specified cause under limb (b) of the
defence of diminished responsibility: see _Tengku Jonaris Badlishah v Public
Prosecutor_ [1999] 1 SLR(R) 800 (at [62]); _Zailani bin Ahmad v Public
Prosecutor_ [2005] 1 SLR(R) 356 (at [59]–[61]). However, what we are concerned
with is the correlation between alcohol dependence and major depressive
disorder as provided by the _DSM-IV-TR_ (see above at [44]). It is true that
the appellant said in cross-examination that he was a good drinker and that
his drinking habit had never previously affected his daily functions.[note:
147] However, we have to also consider the not unlikely possibility of a
depressed patient downplaying his own symptoms. Dr Tan’s report recorded that
Pang In and Sally observed that the appellant had been drinking more as a
result of his marital problems[note: 148] and that the appellant drank “1 to 2
bottles of beer every night” because he was depressed at being alone at home.
He kept thinking of his son and had difficulty sleeping if he did not
drink.[note: 149] This clearly revealed a serious drinking problem associated
with a depressive state of mind.

94 Dr Goh’s evidence on this issue in cross-examination is also
revealing:[note: 150]

QSimilarly, in third paragraph, you said:

(Reads) “He described having depressive symptoms such as lethargy, guilt and
poor sleep, but...these symptoms surfaced after his stepdaughter’s death.”
Correct?

AThat’s the account he gave me.

Q(Indistinct) But supposing these symptoms were there before the incident, it
would have changed your opinion, correct?

AYes.

Q _And that this happened after the stepdaughter’s death, this was at---indeed
given to you by the accused in Mandarin during his interview, correct?_

A _Correct, yah_.

Q _Yes. And since his Mandarin is not that good and your Hokkien is not that
good, there could be a possibility of miscommunications, correct?_

A _Yes_.

And:[note: 151]

QNow, you have also heard evidence that while he was strangling the
stepdaughter, he was apologising to her, right, and subsequently, he started
laughing, the police came. Would you say these are abnormal ... behaviour?

A _It would be abnormal behaviour_.

QWhat do you think led to his abnormal behaviour?

AIt’s very difficult for me to comment on what was going through his mind at
that time.

[emphasis added]

95 Despite acknowledging that the appellant _was behaving abnormally at the
time of the killing_ , Dr Goh surprisingly maintained that the appellant
suffered from no mental illness. When asked for an explanation for his
abnormal behaviour, Dr Goh was unable to provide a convincing answer. While Dr
Goh had quite correctly observed in his first report that:

_the effect of [the appellant’s] recent ingestion of alcohol and the
heightened emotions during altercations with his wife and the victim that
night, in a background of severe and longstanding marital and family problems,
had contributed to his actions leading to the offence_ [emphasis added]

(see above at [52]), he did not go on to properly analyse how the unhappy
confluence of all these psycho-social pressures insidiously conspired to cause
the appellant’s dysfunctional conduct that night.

96 Dr Goh was plainly aware of the appellant’s “severe and longstanding”
marital problems,[note: 152] as well as other factors such as his family
history of mental disorder and his diabetes and hypertension.[note: 153] He
knew that the appellant had consumed a lot of alcohol and had a heated
altercation with Xiu for not allowing him access to GHK just before the
incident.[note: 154] He was even willing to accept that the appellant was
behaving abnormally at the material time. The appellant’s bizarre mood swings
during the incident, banging the deceased’s head intermittently on the floor,
strangling her in the presence of a witness,[note: 155] laughing and crying
simultaneously, apologising to the deceased while strangling her,[note: 156]
banging his head against a wall had all been observed by Zhao Jing, Sgt Chng
and SSgt Lee or documented.[note: 157] The phone calls to inform Mr Loh about
his inability to work the next day[note: 158] and to inform Pang In that he
was going to commit suicide by jumping from Xiu’s flat and requesting Pang In
to “cremate [him] and throw the ashes to the sea”[note: 159] further
illustrated the abnormality of his mental state. We noted above (at [91]) that
the appellant spent a long time kneeling next to or sitting on the deceased
even after she had lost consciousness. When the paramedics arrived, they found
the appellant still kneeling on the deceased.[note: 160] In addition, a
photograph of the appellant taken some hours after the incident showed both
his knees to be visibly red and sore.[note: 161] This is not an unimportant
fact. Why did he spend such an inordinate amount of time kneeling on or next
to the deceased even after she died?

97 Dr Goh had been informed by the appellant that his emotions were “very
chaotic during [the] struggle”. There was plainly objective evidence to
support this assertion.[note: 162] Yet, Dr Goh adamantly maintained that the
appellant had no mental illness at the material time. Given the unsatisfactory
nature of his limited enquiries, his less than rigorous interviews with the
appellant, his lack of experience in diagnosing persons charged with
committing a capital crime and his failure to adequately analyse and
holistically explain several aspects of the appellant’s conduct that fateful
night, we find Dr Goh’s diagnosis of the appellant’s mental condition at the
material time less convincing than that of Dr Tan’s.

98 Before we conclude our analysis, we ought to address a further finding of
the trial judge that led him to convict the appellant of murder. He found that
the several superficial incision and puncture wounds on the deceased’s neck,
limb and abdomen must have been inflicted by the appellant.[note: 163] The
appellant had no recollection of this event and was adamant during trial that
he did not touch the knife found at Xiu’s flat.[note: 164] His fingerprints
were not found on the knife or its handle. The trial judge found that it was
not material whether _the appellant inflicted them before or after the death
of the deceased_. In our view, this is a material fact. According to the
pathologist, the superficiality of the wounds suggested that they were not
inflicted during a struggle. _The blade had been applied very lightly to the
skin in a controlled manner_.[note: 165] If this were not so, the incisions
would have been deeper or less uniform.[note: 166] We note that counsel for
the appellant, quite rightly, has not suggested that these wounds were self-
inflicted. More importantly, there does not appear to have been serious blood
loss as a consequence of those wounds. We therefore find that they were likely
to have been inflicted after the deceased had died or lost consciousness. This
further reinforces our view that the appellant was behaving abnormally at the
time of the offence.

Conclusion

99 For all the above reasons, we find that on a balance of probabilities, the
appellant has made out the defence of diminished responsibility. In the
result, we set aside the conviction on the charge of murder and convict him on
a charge of culpable homicide not amounting to murder punishable under s
304(a) of the Penal Code and remit this case to the trial judge for
sentencing.

* * *

[note: 1]ROP, vol 2 at p 122.

[note: 2]Prosecution’s submission Annex A at [3].

[note: 3]ROP, vol 2A at p 319.

[note: 4]Prosecution’s Submission Annex A at [6].

[note: 5]Prosecution’s Submission Annex A at [6]; ROP, vol 2 at p 315.

[note: 6]ROP, vol 2 at p 180.

[note: 7]Prosecution’s submission Annex A at [7].

[note: 8]ROP, vol 1, day 1 at p 28.

[note: 9]ROP, vol 2 at p 211; Xiu’s conditioned statement at [10].

[note: 10]ROP, vol 2 at p 212 at [13].

[note: 11]ROP, vol 2 at p 315.

[note: 12]See [14] of PW3’s conditional Statement.

[note: 13]ROP, vol 2 at p 316.

[note: 14]ROP, vol 2 at p 212 at [15].

[note: 15]ROP, vol 2 at p 213 at [16].

[note: 16]ROP, vol 1, day 1 at p 21.

[note: 17]ROP, vol 1, day 1 at p 22.

[note: 18]See Statement of Claim in D2216/2007/F.

[note: 19]See Statement of Particulars in D2216/2007/F.

[note: 20]Prosecution’s Submission Annex A at [13].

[note: 21]Prosecution’s submission Annex A at [13].

[note: 22]Prosecution’s Submission Annex A at [14].

[note: 23]ROP, vol 1, day 4 at p 3.

[note: 24]ROP, vol 1, day 1 at p 21.

[note: 25]ROP, vol 1, day 4 at p 27.

[note: 26]ROP, vol 1, day 4 at p 5.

[note: 27]ROP, vol 1, day 4 at p 5.

[note: 28]ROP, vol 1, day 4 at p 6.

[note: 29]ROP, vol 1, day 4 at p 6; see too Prosecution’s submission at [23].

[note: 30]ROP, vol 1, day 4 at p 32.

[note: 31]ROP, vol 1, day 4 at pp 7-8.

[note: 32]ROP, vol 1, day 4 at p 7.

[note: 33]ROP, vol 1, day 4 at p 33.

[note: 34]ROP, vol 2 p 218 at [3].

[note: 35]ROP, vol 2 p 218 at [4].

[note: 36]ROP, vol 2 p 219 at [6].

[note: 37]ROP, vol 1, Day 4, p 9 lines 4-32 of appellant’s EIC.

[note: 38]ROP, vol 2 p 219 at [7]; ROP vol 1 day 1 at p 38.

[note: 39]ROP, vol 2 p 220 at [9].

[note: 40]ROP, vol 1, day 1 at p 39.

[note: 41]ROP, vol 1, day 1 at p 41.

[note: 42]ROP, vol 2 p 221 at [11].

[note: 43]ROP, vol 2 at p 221 at [12].

[note: 44]ROP, vol 2 at p 221 at [12].

[note: 45]ROP, vol 1, day 4 at p 50.

[note: 46]ROP, vol 2 pp 122, 223 at [3].

[note: 47]ROP, vol 1, day 1 at p 20.

[note: 48]ROP, vol 3 at p 233.

[note: 49]ROP, vol 2 pp 233, 234 at [4] of SSgt Lee’s conditioned statement.

[note: 50]ROP, vol 2 at p 149.

[note: 51]ROP, vol 2 at p 235 (Sgt Chng); p 238 (ASP Tan Yi Chun); p 243
(Senior Station Inspector Ravindra s/o Subramaniam).

[note: 52]ROP, vol 1, day 2 at p 49.

[note: 53]ROP, vol 1, day 2 at p 243.

[note: 54]ROP, vol 2 at p 119.

[note: 55]ROP, vol 2 at p 94.

[note: 56]ROP, vol 2 at pp 84-90.

[note: 57]ROP, vol 1, day 2 at p 18.

[note: 58]ROP, vol 1, day 2 at pp 7-9.

[note: 59]ROP, vol 1, day 2 at p 10.

[note: 60]ROP, vol 1, day 2 at p 23.

[note: 61]Prosecution’s submission at [53].

[note: 62]Prosecution’s submission at [56]-[57].

[note: 63]Prosecution’s submission at [95].

[note: 64]Prosecution’s submission at para [30]-[38].

[note: 65]See the judgment at [42]; Prosecution’s submission at [37].

[note: 66]ROP, vol 2 at p 218.

[note: 67]ROP, vol 2 at p 149.

[note: 68]Prosecution’s submission at [25].

[note: 69]ROP, vol 2 at p 149.

[note: 70]http://www.psych.org/MainMenu/Research/DSMIV.aspx, accessed on 8
November 2010

[note: 71]ROP, vol 2 at p 337.

[note: 72]ROP, vol 2 at p 337.

[note: 73]ROP, vol 2 at p 330.

[note: 74]ROP, vol 2 at pp 330-331.

[note: 75]ROP, vol 2 at p 325.

[note:
76]http://www.hpp.moh.gov.sg/HPP/MungoBlobs/217/148/2004%20Depression_0.pdf,
accessed on 8 November 2010

[note: 77]ROP, vol 2 at p 326.

[note: 78]ROP, vol 2 at p 326.

[note: 79]ROP, vol 2 at p 326.

[note: 80]ROP, vol 1, day 6 at p 2.

[note: 81]ROP, vol 1, day 6 at p 3.

[note: 82]ROP, vol 1, day 6 at p 11.

[note: 83]ROP, vol 2 at pp 314- 321.

[note: 84]ROP, vol 2 at 314.

[note: 85]ROP, vol 2 at pp 320-321.

[note: 86]ROP, vol 1, day 7 at p 2.

[note: 87]ROP, vol 1, day 7 at p 16.

[note: 88]ROP vol 1 day 7 at p 17

[note: 89]ROP, vol 1, day 4 at p 19.

[note: 90]ROP, vol 1, day 7 at p 17.

[note: 91]ROP, vol 1, day 7 at p 18.

[note: 92]ROP, vol 2A at p 328.

[note: 93]ROP, vol 1, day 7 at p 7.

[note: 94]ROP, vol 2 at pp 121-123.

[note: 95]ROP, vol 2 at p 123.

[note: 96]ROP, vol 2 at p189.

[note: 97]Dr Tan: ROP, vol 1. day 6 at p 21 ; Dr Goh: ROP, vol 1, day 7 at pp
8-9.

[note: 98]ROP, vol 1, day 7 at p 9.

[note: 99]ROP, vol 1, day 7 at p 11.

[note: 100]ROP, vol 1, day 7 at p 3.

[note: 101]ROP, vol 2 at p 122.

[note: 102]ROP, vol 2A at p 328 (see above).

[note: 103]ROP, vol 1, day 7 at p 23.

[note: 104]ROP, vol 2 at p 122.

[note: 105]ROP, vol 1, day 7 at p 21.

[note: 106]ROP, vol 2 at p 325.

[note: 107]ROP, vol 1, day 4 at p 23.

[note: 108]ROP, vol 1, day 7 at p 17.

[note: 109]ROP, vol 2 at p 323.

[note: 110]ROP, vol 1, day 7 at p 15.

[note: 111]ROP, vol 1, day 7 at p 23.

[note: 112]ROP, vol 1, day 6 at p 11.

[note: 113]ROP, vol 1, day 4 p 22 lines 21-22.

[note: 114]ROP, vol 2 at p315.

[note: 115]ROP, vol 2 at p 318.

[note: 116]ROP, vol 2 at p 123.

[note: 117]ROP, vol 2 at p 314.

[note: 118]ROP, vol 2 at p 314.

[note: 119]ROP, vol 1, day 6 at p 7.

[note: 120]ROP, vol 1, day 7 at p 32.

[note: 121]ROP, vol 1, day 4 at pp 13-14.

[note: 122]ROP, vol 1, day 4 at p 20.

[note: 123]ROP, vol 1, day 4 at p 23.

[note: 124]ROP, vol 1, day 1 at p 51.

[note: 125]ROP, vol 1, day 4 at pp 23-24.

[note: 126]ROP, vol 2 at p 311.

[note: 127]ROP, vol 1, day 7 at p 31.

[note: 128]ROP, vol 1, day 1 at p 52.

[note: 129]ROP, vol 1, day 1 at p 52.

[note: 130]ROP, vol 1, day 5 at p 9.

[note: 131]ROP, vol 1, day 6 at p 8.

[note: 132]ROP, vol 1, day 4 at pp 22-23.

[note: 133]ROP, vol 1, day 4 at p 24.

[note: 134]ROP, vol 1, day 5 at p 4.

[note: 135]ROP, vol 1, day 5 at p 4.

[note: 136]ROP, vol 1, day 2 at p 53 and day 4 at p 50.

[note: 137]ROP, vol 1, day 7 at p 23.

[note: 138]ROP, vol 1, day 6 at p 54

[note: 139]ROP, vol 2 day 1 at p 21.

[note: 140]ROP, vol 1, day 4 at p 49.

[note: 141]ROP, vol 2 at p 165.

[note: 142]ROP, vol 2 at p 235.

[note: 143]ROP, vol 2 at p 122.

[note: 144]See trial judge’s judgment at [46].

[note: 145]Source: http://alcoholism.about.com/cs/alerts/l/blnaa35.htm
accessed on 8 November 2010.

[note: 146]ROP vol 1 day 6 at p 10; ROP, vol 2 at p 123.

[note: 147]ROP, vol 1, day 4 at p 25.

[note: 148]ROP, vol 2 at p 318.

[note: 149]ROP, vol 2 at p 317.

[note: 150]ROP vol 1 day 7 at p 22.

[note: 151]ROP, vol 1, day 7 at p 33.

[note: 152]ROP, vol 2 at p 123.

[note: 153]ROP, vol 2 at p 122.

[note: 154]ROP, vol 2 at pp 121, 122.

[note: 155]ROP, vol 2 at p 210 (Zhao’s conditional statement).

[note: 156]ROP, vol 2 at pp 149-150 (Patrol Log Sheet).

[note: 157]ROP, vol 2 p 243 (Ravindra s/o Subramaniam conditional statement).

[note: 158]ROP, vol 2 at p 140.

[note: 159]ROP, vol 1, day 4 at p 50.

[note: 160]ROP, vol 2 at p 233.

[note: 161]ROP, vol 2 at p 42.

[note: 162]ROP, vol 2 at p 122.

[note: 163]See [45] of the judgment.

[note: 164]ROP, vol 1, day 4 at p 16.

[note: 165]ROP, vol 1, day 2 at p 9 lines 10-31,PW 7 EIC.

[note: 166]ROP, vol 1, day 2 at p 10.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 08 Nov 2010 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

