Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  PT Makindo (formerly known as PT Makindo TBK) _v_ Aperchance Co Ltd and
others  
[2010] SGHC 221

Case Number| :| Originating Summons No 190 of 2010 (Summons No 1001 of 2010/F)  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 05 August 2010  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Tan Lee Meng J  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Chandra Mohan / Mabelle Tay (Rajah & Tann LLP) for the
applicant; Davinder Singh SC / Cheryl Tay / Alecia Quah (Drew & Napier LLC)
for the respondents.  
Parties| :|  PT Makindo (formerly known as PT Makindo TBK) — Aperchance Co Ltd
and others  
  
[LawNet Editorial Note: The appeal to this decision in Civil Appeal No 137 of
2010 was dismissed by the Court of Appeal on 10 February 2011. See [2011] SGCA
19.]

5 August 2010| Judgment reserved.  
---|---  
  
Tan Lee Meng J:

1 The present dispute between the parties arose as a result of misleading
advertisements placed by both parties in Indonesian newspapers with respect to
orders made by the Singapore High Court more than six years ago in February
2004. The applicant, PT Makindo, an Indonesian investment bank, applied for an
order that the 1st respondent, Aperchance Co Ltd, a Hong Kong company, be
fined for contempt of court. It also sought an order that the 2nd respondent,
Mr Otto Rodusek, and the 3rd respondent, Mr Toh Keng Siong, who are the 1st
respondent’s only directors be fined or committed to prison for aiding the
said contempt.

Background

2 On 22 November 2003, the 1st respondent commenced Suit No 1149 of 2003/H
(“Suit 1149”) against the applicant and three other defendants for, _inter
alia_ , the repayment of approximately US$126m. The three other defendants in
that action were the applicant’s officers, Rachmiwaty Jusuf, Gunawan Jusuf and
Claudine Jusuf (collectively referred to as the “Jusuf defendants”).

3 On 24 November 2003, pursuant to an _ex parte_ application, the 1st
respondent obtained a worldwide Mareva injunction against the applicant and
the Jusuf defendants (the “Mareva injunction”).

4 On 23 December 2003, the Jusuf defendants filed two applications. The first
application, Summons No 7795 of 2003/Q, was to set aside the Mareva
injunction. In the second application, Summons No 7802 of 2003/K, the Jusuf
defendants sought the following:

(i)a declaration that the Writ of Summons had not been duly served on the
applicant and the Jusuf defendants or, if it had been purportedly served, an
order that the purported service be set aside;

(ii)an order that paragraph 7 of the Order of Court dated 24 November 2003
granting leave to the 1st respondent to serve the Writ of Summons on the
applicant and the 2nd and 3rd defendants in Suit 1149 out of jurisdiction be
discharged and/or set aside; and

(iii)a declaration that in the circumstances of the case, the Singapore Courts
had no jurisdiction over the applicant and the 2nd and 3rd defendants in
respect of the subject matter of the claim.

5 The two Summons filed by the Jusuf defendants were heard by Lai Kew Chai J
(“Lai J”) in February 2004. On 27 February 2004, the Mareva injunction and the
order for service of the Writ were set aside by Lai J on the ground that the
Court had no jurisdiction over the defendants. Lai J, who did not consider the
merits of the case, ordered the 1st respondent to pay costs to the defendants.

6 The 1st respondent did not appeal against Lai J’s decision. On 3 September
2004, the costs were taxed and the 1st respondent was ordered to pay costs of
$122,557.48 to the Jusuf defendants.

7 Advised by its Singapore counsel that Lai J’s orders did not affect its
right to pursue its claim in Indonesia, the 1st respondent instructed its
Indonesian lawyers, M/s Lucas SH & Partners, to make representations to
various Indonesian government agencies with respect to the said claim. The 3rd
respondent said that on 11 April 2008, he was informed that the applicant’s
representatives had been called for an interview by the authorities. Hence,
the respondents asserted that the applicant and the Jusuf defendants were
clearly aware that the 1st respondent intended to pursue its claim for the
recovery from them of its monies in Indonesia.

8 According to the respondents, the applicant and the Jusuf defendants
embarked on a scheme to discredit, embarrass, intimidate and pressure the 1st
respondent into dropping its claim against them and that this plan involved
the starting of a media war against the 1st respondent to prejudice it in the
eyes of the relevant Indonesian authorities. Whether or not this accusation is
true, the applicant published a number of misleading advertisements in Bahasa
Indonesia in several Indonesian newspapers including _Bisnis Indonesia,
Kompas_ and _Kontan_ in December 2009 and January 2010. The English
translation of part of the applicant’s advertisements is as follows:

That on 21 November 2003, Aperchance Company Limited has filed a lawsuit to PT
Makindo, Gunawan Jusuf, Rachmiwaty and Claudine in the Singapore High Court
where as if Aperchance Company Limited has savings deposits in PT Makindo and
based on the lawsuit from Aperchance Company Limited, _proved after the trial
in the Singapore High Court, then on February 27 2004 the Singapore High Court
has dismissed the claim filed by Aperchance Company Limited to the entire
party and on August 11 2004, the Singapore High Court ordered Aperchance
Company Limited to pay compensation costs to PT Makindo, Gunawan Jusuf and
Rachmiwaty_ in the amount of SGD 122,557.48 …. And it turned out that
Aperchance Company Limited did not file any legal appeal to the Singapore High
Court Verdict. _So the Singapore High Court verdict becomes binding and has
permanent legal force……_..

Based on the above mentioned facts, then it is proven that Pt Makindo does not
have obligation in any form to Aperchance Company Limited and on the contrary,
Aperchance Company Limited has acknowledged its obligation to PT Makindo,
Gunawan Jusuf and Rachmiwaty by paying the compensation costs.

[emphasis added]

9 The applicant’s claim in its advertisements that the 1st respondent’s claim
in Suit 1149 had been dismissed by the Singapore courts following a trial in
2004 was clearly untrue as Lai J had only considered the issue of jurisdiction
and not the merits of the case. As for the applicant’s claim that it no longer
owed any obligation to repay the monies claimed in that suit to the 1st
respondent, this was regarded as untrue by the respondents.

10 The 1st respondent retaliated by placing Bahasa Indonesia advertisements,
mostly in the same Indonesian newspapers that carried the applicant’s earlier
advertisements, between 7 and 11 January 2010. The English translation of part
of the 1st respondent’s advertisements is as follows:

IMPEDING AND BLOCKAGE. THE ENTIRE ASSETS/CAPITAL OF PT MAKINDO TBK, RACHMIWATY
JUSUF, GUNAWAN JUSUF AND CLAUDINE JUSUF ALL OVER THE WORLD PURSUANT TO THE
JUDGMENT OF THE SINGAPORE HIGH COURT NO S 1149/2003/H DATED 24th NOVEMBER
2003. IN THE CASE BETWEEN APERCHANCE COMPANY LIMITED (the “PLAINTIFF”) AGAINST
PT MAKINDO TBK, RACHMIWATY JUSUF, GUNAWAN JUSUF AND CLAUDINE JUSUF (the
“DEFENDANTS”).

11 Like the applicant’s advertisements, the 1st respondent’s advertisements
were also misleading as the Mareva injunction in question had been discharged
by Lai J on 27 February 2004.

12 The applicant, who had fired the first salvo in what the respondents termed
as “the media war”, claimed that it was “shocked” by the 1st respondent’s
advertisements. On 20 January 2010, the applicant’s lawyers, Rajah & Tann
wrote to the 2nd respondent to state that the 1st respondent’s advertisements
were calculated to cause serious harm and damage to their client, who would be
seeking to “recover substantial damages and reliefs … against [the 1st
respondent] and its directors.”

13 Subsequently, on 18 February 2010, the applicant filed Originating Summons
No 190 of 2010/D (“OS 190”) on an _ex parte_ basis for leave to make an
application for an order of committal for contempt of court against the
respondents. The applicant did not disclose its own earlier misleading
advertisements to the court. The requisite leave was granted to the applicants
on 2 March 2010 and the application was heard on 24 May 2010.

Whether the Respondents are liable for Contempt of Court

14 Section 7(1) of the Supreme Court of Judicature Act (Cap 322, 2007 Rev Ed)
and O 52 r 1 of the Rules of Court (Cap 322, R 5, 2006 Rev Ed) give the High
Court power to punish for contempt of court. The rationale for punishing such
contempt has been explained on numerous occasions. In Attorney-General v Times
Newspapers Ltd _[1974] 1 AC 273_ , Lord Morris of Borth-y-Gest stated at 302:

In an ordered community courts are established for the pacific settlement of
disputes and for the maintenance of law and order. In the general interests of
the community it is imperative that the authority of the courts should not be
imperilled and that recourse to them should not be subject to unjustifiable
interference. When such unjustifiable interference is suppressed it is not
because those charged with the responsibilities of administering justice are
concerned for their own dignity: it is because the very structure of ordered
life is at risk if the recognised courts of the land are so flouted and their
authority wanes and is supplanted.

[emphasis added]

The views of Lord Morris were endorsed by the Singapore Court of Appeal in
_Pertamina Energy Trading Ltd v Karaha Bodas Co LLC and others_ [2007] 2
SLR(R) 518 (“ _Pertamina_ ”) at [22].

15 Contempt of court must be proven beyond reasonable doubt: see _Pertamina_
at [35]. Lord Denning MR explained why this is so in In re Bramblevale Ltd
_[1970] 1 Ch 128 at 137 as follows_ :

A contempt of court is an offence of a criminal character. A man may be sent
to prison for it. It must be satisfactorily proved. To use the time-honoured
phrase, it must be proved beyond reasonable doubt.

16 As the court’s jurisdiction to punish for contempt is draconian in nature,
it must be exercised sparingly. In _Parashuram Detaram Shamdasani v King-
Emperor_ [1945] 1 AC 264, Lord Goddard observed at 270:

Their Lordships would once again emphasize what has often been said before,
that this summary power of punishing for contempt should be used sparingly and
only in serious cases. It is a power which a court must of necessity possess;
its usefulness depends on the wisdom and restraint with which it is exercised,
and to use it to suppress methods of advocacy which are merely offensive is to
use it for a purpose for which it was never intended.

17 In attempting to prove contempt of court on the part of the respondents,
the applicant must confine its case for an order of committal to the grounds
raised in its Statement filed under O 52 r 2(2) of the Rules of Court
(“Statement”) because O 52 r 5(3) provides:

Except with the leave of the Court hearing an application for an order of
committal, no grounds shall be relied upon at the hearing except the grounds
set out in the statement under Rule 2.

18 In its Statement filed pursuant to O 52 r 2(2), the applicant alleged at
paras 18 and 19 as follows:

18However, nowhere in the advertisements was it mentioned that the worldwide
Mareva Injunction has been set aside on 27 February 2004 or that the service
of the Writ of Summons and Statement of Claim in Suit 1149 of 2003/H by the
1st Respondent on the Plaintiffs in Suit 1149 has been similarly set aside.

19This is a blatant disregard for and willful disobedience of the Order of
Court dated 27 February 2004. The advertisements are utterly untrue and amount
to a contempt of court. They wholly fail to mention that the worldwide Mareva
Injunction has been set aside and is no longer in force. Additionally, the
advertisements are in breach of the Order of Court dated 27 February 2004
requiring the 1st Respondent to serve copies of Orders of Court dated 27
February 2004 on parties who were notified of the worldwide Mareva Injunction.

19 According to the applicant’s Statement, the 1st respondent had, by placing
the said advertisements, failed and/or refused to comply with the 27 February
2004 Order and had thwarted and frustrated the very purpose of the said Order.

20 The relevant part of the 27 February 2004 Order is as follows:

2[T]he Order of Court dated 24th November 2003 … (the “Mareva Order”) and the
Injunction Prohibiting Disposal of Assets Worldwide granted therein be set
aside.

….

4[T]he Plaintiff serves copies of the present Order of Court dated 27 February
2004 together with the Order of Court in respect of Summons-in-Chambers No
7802/2003/K dated 27th February 2003, on all parties _in Singapore who were
notified_ of the Mareva Order and/on whom the Mareva Order was served.

[emphasis added]

21 Mr Davinder Singh SC, the 1st respondent’s counsel, pointed out that his
client did not breach the above-mentioned terms of the Order. He explained in
his written submission at para 16(b):

In order for the Applicant to succeed, the order will have to be interpreted
in a way which flies against its clear and express wording. The order
expressly required the 1st Respondent to serve copies of it “ _on all parties
in Singapore who were notified of the Mareva Order and/or on which the Mareva
Order was served”_. Not only was the Order of Court dated 27th February
couched in the past tense (therefore only referring to parties who had already
been notified and/or served as of 27 February 2004), it was also limited to
parties who were in Singapore. The undisputed evidence is that this was done.
In any event, even if (which is denied) there is any ambiguity in the terms of
the Order of Court dated 27 February 2004, it will be resolved in favour of
the Respondents, thereby precluding any finding that there has been a breach
of the order amounting to civil contempt.

[emphasis in original]

22 Mr Singh is correct because the 1st respondent’s then solicitors, M/s Yeo
Wee Kiong Law Corporation (“YWK”), had delivered copies of the said Order to
Credit Suisse/Credit Suisse First Boston, UBS AG and HSBC Singapore on 5 March
2004. These were the parties in Singapore on whom the Mareva injunction had
been served.

23 Although contempt of court has been described as the Proteus of the legal
world and assumes an almost infinite diversity of forms (see the oft-cited
article by Joseph Moskovitz, "_Contempt of Injunctions, Civil and Criminal_ "
(1943) 43 Colum L Rev 780 at p 780), acts of contempt are generally classified
as acts that scandalise the courts or interfere with the course of justice.

24 In the present case, the 1st respondent did not scandalise the court as it
did not impugn the impartiality, integrity or independence of the judiciary.
Neither did it interfere with the administration of justice. The misreporting
of _continuing_ proceedings may, depending on circumstances, be a contempt of
court if further proceedings are likely to be prejudiced or if this effect was
intended by the misreporting but different considerations arise when the
proceedings in question have already ended. If a judgment is misrepresented in
a way that injures the reputation of one of the parties to the action, the
remedy open to the injured party is, without more, to sue for defamation. In
_Dunn v Bevan; Brodie v Bevan_ [1922] 1 Ch 276, Sargant J explained at 285:

It seems to me that applications for alleged contempt ought to be very
carefully scrutinised, and that the Court ought not in any way to enlarge the
jurisdiction or apply it to matters which are outside the well established
lines. It is suggested … that there is a third form of contempt, not
consisting either in scandalising the Court or in interfering with the course
of justice; and that that form of contempt consists in a misrepresentation of
the judgment of the Court and of the proceedings in Court for the purpose of
injuring one of the parties. In my judgment there is not such a third class of
contempt …. _It seems to me that if the proceedings in a Court are ended,
then, unless there is an attack on the Court itself, the mere making of
statements as to the proceedings must be dealt with by the ordinary law of
libel or slander if they are misrepresentations and go beyond what is legally
permissible_.

[emphasis added]

25 The facts in _Dunn v Bevan_ bear some resemblance to the present
proceedings before this court. In that case, the plaintiffs, who were members
of a trade union, instituted proceedings against the defendants, the Executive
Council of the union, to prevent them from proceeding on the result of certain
ballots which had been improperly conducted. Sargant J, who restrained the
defendants from acting on the result of the ballots, absolved the defendants
from the charges of fraud brought against them. The Executive Council sent to
its members a circular letter which was not in every respect accurate. It was
erroneously stated that the charges brought by the plaintiffs had been
withdrawn when there had been no such withdrawal. There were other
inaccuracies. In response to this circular, the plaintiffs issued their own
circular and suggested in it that the defendants had not been cleared of
fraud. The defendants sought an injunction to restrain the issuance of the
circular on the basis that it was a contempt of court. In making it clear that
the issue of contempt of court did not arise, Sargant J pointed out (at 287)
that if the court was “to be burdened with examining statements of this kind
between rival parties as to what exactly took place in proceedings in _an
action which has come to an end and has been terminated by a formal judgment_
, _the Court might_ for many a long day be occupied with such applications,
and _have its burdens very considerably increased without any good result”_
(emphasis added). Sargant J added (at 284) that as he had already given
judgment in the action, the Court ought not to trouble itself with the matter
unless it was absolutely compelled to do so, as would be the case if the
report scandalised the court by making attacks on the judge who presided at
the trial.

26 In the present case, the proceedings in Suit 1149 ended more than six years
ago on 27 February 2004. As such, the court should not trouble itself with the
misleading advertisements of both parties, and especially so when the
applicant can sue the respondents for defamation. After all, an order of
committal is regarded as a measure of last resort and such an order should not
be sought when there are other reasonable alternatives: see _Danchevsky v
Danchevsky_ [1975] Fam 17. This is also set out in _Singapore Civil Procedure
2007_ (G P Selvam chief ed) (Sweet & Maxwell Asia, 2007) at para 52/1/6:

**Remedy of last resort/other remedies**

The general principle is that if a reasonable alternative to committal
proceedings exist, that should be used first. The courts commit a person to
prison for contempt only after other options have been exhausted.

27 At this juncture, two cases relied on by the applicant will be considered.
To begin with, the applicant relied on _Pertamina_ for its assertion that the
1st respondent thwarted and frustrated the purpose of the Mareva injunction in
February 2004. In that case, X obtained a Mareva injunction in Singapore
against Y. Exception 2 of this injunction did "not prohibit [Y] from dealing
with or disposing of any of [its] assets in the ordinary and proper course of
business" but Y was required to "account to [X] weekly for the amount of money
spent in that regard". X’s Singapore lawyers were informed on 26 January 2005
that funds intended for Y’s course of business in Hong Kong would be
transferred from a Singapore bank to Dah Sing Bank in Hong Kong. Y made it
clear that the disclosure was pursuant to Exception 2 of the Singapore
injunction and itemised the payments that will be made out of the funds
transferred to Hong Kong. X’s Singapore lawyers forwarded the information to
X’s Hong Kong solicitor, who quickly applied for and was granted an order to
garnish the money transferred by Y to Dah Sing Bank. Y applied for an order of
committal against X and its Hong Kong solicitors for contempt of court on,
_inter alia_ , the ground that X had thwarted and frustrated the operation of
Exception 2 of the Singapore injunction by directly preventing X from dealing
with its assets in the ordinary and proper course of business. The Court of
Appeal held that X was in contempt of court and that its Hong Kong solicitor
had aided and abetted in that contempt.

28 The facts in _Pertamina_ are quite different from those in the present
case. In _Pertamina_ , the Mareva injunction was still in force when X tried
to undermine it by garnishing money that Y had forwarded to Hong Kong in
accordance with Exception 2 of the injunction. This thwarted and frustrated
Exception 2 of the injunction. In the present case, the Mareva injunction was
lifted six years ago and the applicant’s money has not been siphoned to the
1st respondent in breach of the court order that lifted the Mareva injunction.
As such, _Pertamina_ is not relevant to the present proceedings.

29 Another case relied on by the applicant is _Re Bineet Kumar Singh_ [2003] 3
LRI 375. In that case, an Indian sports college’s petition to the court to
allow its students to sit for an examination conducted by the appropriate
authority was dismissed. The college forged a court order directing the State
Government of Maharashtra to conduct the examination for its students. In
holding that those college officers responsible for transmitting the
fabricated court order to the State Government had acted in contempt of court,
the Court held at [6]:

Nothing is more incumbent upon the courts of justice than to preserve their
proceedings from being misrepresented…. When a person is found to have
utilised an order of a court which he or she knows to be incorrect for
conferring benefit on persons who are not entitled to the same, the very
utilisation of the fabricated order by the person concerned would be
sufficient to hold him/her guilty of contempt, irrespective of the fact
whether he or she himself or herself is the author of fabrication.

30 The facts in _Bineet_ are very different from those in the present case.
The 1st respondent did not fabricate a Mareva Injunction and he did not cause
banks holding the applicant’s money to freeze the latter’s accounts. As such,
_Bineet_ is irrelevant to the present case.

31 Thus far, I have found that the 1st respondent had complied with the 27
February 2004 Order and that if the applicant believed that its reputation has
been injured as a result of the 1st respondent’s advertisements, it should sue
the latter for defamation.

32 The respondents relied on yet another ground for dismissing the present
application. This concerns the failure of the applicant to serve a copy of the
Order of Court dated 27 February 2004 or an order endorsed with the requisite
penal notice personally on the 2nd and 3rd respondents. The requirement for a
penal notice to be personally served is provided for by O 45 r 7 of the Rules
of Court. The position is explained in _Singapore Court Practice 2009_
(Jeffrey Pinsler SC gen ed) Lexis Nexis at para 45/7/2:

**Penal notice**. The copy of the order must be endorsed with a notice (in
form 81) informing the person on whom the copy is served that if he neglects
to obey the order within the time specified therein, or, if the order is to
abstain from doing an act, that if he disobeys the order, he is liable to
process of execution to compel him to obey it.

33 The significance of a penal notice was elucidated in _Allport Alfred James
v Wong Soon Lan_ [1988] 2 SLR(R) 520 by Chao Hick Tin JC, who stated at [8]:

The court’s powers to punish any person for civil contempt are quasi-criminal
in nature. _Where there is prescribed any procedural step in the exercise of
that jurisdiction, that rule should be scrupulously observed and strictly
complied with…_ [T]he rationale for a penal notice is to ensure that the
person against whom the order is made fully appreciates the consequences of
any non-compliance.

[emphasis added]

34 As the applicant had failed to effect personal service of the 27 February
2004 Order and the requisite penal notice on the 2nd and 3rd respondents, its
application against them cannot succeed.

35 Finally, it ought to be noted that the respondents also pointed out that
the application should be dismissed because the 27 February 2004 Order did not
specify a time frame for compliance. As I have held that the 1st respondent
did not breach the 27 February 2004 Order, this point need not be considered
further.

36 For the reasons stated, the applicant’s application is dismissed with
costs.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 05 Aug 2010 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

