Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Public Prosecutor _v_ Azman bin Mohamed Sanwan and others  
[2010] SGHC 196

Case Number| :| Criminal Case No 11 of 2008  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 09 July 2010  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Kan Ting Chiu J  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Chay Yuen Fatt, Shahla Iqbal, Hon Yi and Adeline Ee
(Deputy Public Prosecutors) for the Prosecution; Sunil Sudheesan (KhattarWong)
for the 1st Accused; Ramesh Tiwary (Ramesh Tiwary) and Pratap Kishan (Kishan &
V Suria Partnership) for the 2nd Accused; Ramesh Tiwary (Ramesh Tiwary) and
Sarindar Singh (Singh & Co) for the 3rd Accused.  
Parties| :|  Public Prosecutor — Azman bin Mohamed Sanwan and others  
  
[LawNet Editorial Note: The appeal to this decision in Criminal Appeal No 14
of 2010 was allowed by the Court of Appeal on 6 March 2012. See [2012] SGCA
19.]

9 July 2010| Judgment reserved.  
---|---  
  
Kan Ting Chiu J:

1 The three accused persons, Azman bin Mohamed Sanwan “Azman”), Tamil Salvem
(“Tamil”, who is also known as “Rocky”) and Balasubramaniam s/o Murugesan
(“Bala”), were prosecuted before me on a charge that they:

on the 28th day of April 2007 at or about 8.20 a.m., at the carpark in front
of Block 108 Yishun Ring Road, Singapore, in furtherance of the common
intention of the three of [them], did traffic in a controlled drug specified
as a Class “A” Controlled Drug listed in the First Schedule to the Misuse of
Drugs Act (Chapter 185), to wit, by having in [their] possession for the
purpose of trafficking, 1525.7 grams of cannabis, in motor vehicle bearing the
registration number SGT 809 X, without any authorisation under the said Act or
the regulations made thereunder, and [they] have thereby committed an offence
under section 5(1)(a) read with section 5(2) of the Misuse of Drugs Act, read
with section 34 of the Penal Code, Chapter 224, and punishable under section
33 of the Misuse of Drugs Act.

2 By the consent of all parties, there was a joint trial of the accused
persons.

3 Some of the facts of the events leading to the arrest of the accused persons
were not in dispute. On 27 April 2007, the first and second accused Azman and
Tamil drove into Johor in a blue Mitsubishi Lancer motor car SGT 809 X which
Azman had rented for his daily use.

4 The third accused Bala also went to Johor Baru on that day. He went in
another car, a black Honda Civic SCQ 143 X with Sundrammurthy s/o Vellasammy,
(“Sundram” who is also known as “Murthy”), Kumaranathan s/o Silvasamy
(“Kumar”), and Sundram’s brother, Kumaran s/o Vellasamy (“Kumaran”).

5 The six of them had arranged to make that trip. Tamil had asked Sundram to
fetch Bala and Kumar for drinks and karaoke, and Sundram brought his brother
Kumaran along. Tamil also told Sundram and Kumar that he will be going with
Azman, who had some business to settle there.

6 When Azman and Tamil entered Johor Baru in SGT 809 X, they did not proceed
immediately for drinks and karaoke. They went to several places, met several
persons, and picked up a Malay couple before they went to the carpark of the
karaoke lounge and met up with Bala, Sundram, Kumar and Kumaran. Sundram’s
evidence was that Azman took the key of SCQ 143 X from him and drove off in
SGT 809 X with the Malay couple, and this was corroborated by Kumaran.

7 The remaining five of them then went into the karaoke lounge. Sundram and
Kumaran remembered that Azman joined them about an hour later, and Kumar
recalled that Azman joined them after some time. Tamil’s evidence was that
Azman went to the karaoke lounge about fifteen minutes to half an hour later,
whereas Bala had no clear recollection of his arrival. Azman, however, denied
that he had taken the key of SCQ 143 X, or that he went to the karaoke lounge
after the others.

8 The six of them were at the karaoke lounge until the next morning. Before
they left, Azman paid the bill for their entertainment, and returned the key
of SCQ 143 X to Sundram, and the three accused persons left in SGT 809 X while
the other three of them left in SCQ 143 X.

9 The two cars were driven from Johor Baru back to Singapore with Azman
driving SGT 809 X and Sundram driving SCQ 143 X. When they were in Singapore,
Azman called Sundram’s mobile phone and spoke with Kumaran. Azman directed
them to drive SCQ 143 X to Tamil’s house in Yishun Ring Road because Tamil and
Bala wanted the car urgently. Although Sundram had intended to drive SCQ 143 X
to his home in Bishan, he drove to the carpark of Block 108, Yishun Ring Road
(“the Yishun carpark”). Sundram, Kumaran and Kumar met Tamil there and handed
the key of the car to him. While they were walking towards the main road to
catch a taxi to continue on their way, Azman came in SGT 809 X and offered to
take them to the main road.

10 Bala was also in Azman’s car, as Azman was going to send him to his
girlfriend’s home. When Sundram, Kumaran and Kumar were dropped off at the
main road, Azman drove SGT 809 X back to the Yishun carpark with Bala. It was
on their return at about 8.05am that the events unfolded which lead to the
arrest of the three accused persons at about 8.20am.

Events at the carpark

11 Unbeknownst to the accused persons, officers of the Central Narcotics
Bureau (“CNB”) were mounting an operation on Azman and his car and had kept
SGT 809 X and SCQ 143 X under surveillance from the time they re-entered
Singapore in the morning of 28 April 2007.

12 The officers kept observation individually. The observations and evidence
of some of them were of particular relevance and significance to the case.

Evidence of Staff Sergeant Tan Ang Kiat (“SSgt Tan”)

13 SSgt Tan saw SGT 809 X return to the carpark. He observed the three accused
persons at SCQ 143 X. Azman was revving the car’s engine (i.e. to raise the
running speed of the engine), Bala was standing at the back of the car and
Tamil was standing at its side. SSgt Tan then heard over his radio set that
Azman drove SCQ 143 X next to SGT 809 X. At this stage, SSgt Tan saw Azman
carrying an umbrella standing near the side of SCQ 143 X. Azman was revving
the engine of the car again, and Bala and Tamil were at the rear of the car.
SSgt Tan then heard that Azman had taken a paper bag from the back of SGT 809
X and placed it near to the rear of SCQ 143 X. Shortly after that, he saw
Azman place a blue paper bag into the boot of SGT 809 X and close both its
boot and the boot of SCQ 143 X. Azman then hugged the other two accused
persons in turn before he entered SGT 809 X. Upon receiving instructions, SSgt
Tan moved in and arrested Tamil.

Evidence of Staff Sergeant Michael Seet (“SSgt Seet”)

14 SSgt Seet saw SGT 809 X return to the carpark. Azman went out of that car
and went into SCQ 143 X, then drove and parked it next to SGT 809 X. He then
saw Azman revving the engine of SCQ 143 X whilst carrying an umbrella. When
Azman did that, smoke was seen emitting from the exhaust pipe. Then Azman,
Bala and Tamil went to the rear of SCQ 143 X and they were observed to be
meddling with the boot and bumper of the car. After that, Azman went to SGT
809 X, opened the boot of the car, took out a blue paper bag and placed it
inside the boot of SCQ 143 X. Then, SSgt Seet saw Tamil try to pry open the
bumper of SCQ 143 X while Bala bent down and took a big black bundle from
beneath the bumper and placed it in the blue paper bag in SCQ 143 X. Azman
then took the paper bag from SCQ 143 X, brought it to SGT 809 X, and closed
the boot of both cars. Azman then hugged the other two accused persons, one
after the other.

Evidence of Sergeant Peter Loong Tean Huat (“Sgt Loong”)

15 Sgt Loong saw the three accused persons standing behind the two cars. He
then saw Azman open the boots of the cars. Azman then went to the driver’s
side of SGT 809 X, took out an umbrella, opened it, went to SCQ 143 X, and
revved the engine. After doing that, Azman went to the rear of SCQ 143 X and
joined Bala and Tamil. At that time, Bala was squatting down. After a while,
Azman went back to SCQ 143 X, revved the engine once more before going back to
the rear of the car again and squatting there with Bala. Azman then stood up,
handed the umbrella to Tamil, walked to SGT 809 X, took a blue paper bag from
the boot, brought it to the rear of SCQ 143 X and remained there with Bala and
Tamil. A while later, all three of them stood up and Azman carried a blue
paper bag he had taken to SCQ 143 X, brought it back to SGT 809 X and closed
the boot. Then he collected the umbrella from Tamil, and kept it in SGT 809 X.
After that Azman closed the boot of SCQ 143 X, hugged the other two accused
persons in turn, and went into SGT 809 X. At that point, the three of them
were arrested.

Evidence of Station Inspector Yon Boon Ngiap (“SI Yon”)

16 SI Yon saw the two cars parked side by side, and when Azman revved the
engine of SCQ 143 X, SI Yon saw smoke emitting from its exhaust pipe. Azman
then went to the back of the car with Bala and Tamil where they appeared to SI
Yon to be “meddling” (in SI Yon’s words) with the boot and the bumper. They
then stood up and Azman went to SGT 809 X, opened the boot, took a blue paper
bag and placed it in the opened boot of SCQ 143 X. The three of them bent
their backs and resumed meddling with the bumper of the car. Azman then stood
up, took a blue paper bag from SCQ 143 X, brought it to SGT 809 X, and closed
the boots of both cars. Azman then hugged Bala and Tamil, one at a time.

Evidence of Sergeant Loh Teck Seng (“Sgt Loh”)

17 When Sgt Loh arrived at the carpark, SGT 809 X and SCQ 143 X were already
there, parked side by side with their boots open. Bala and Tamil were
squatting behind SCQ 143 X, Tamil was pulling the car’s bumper and Bala was
looking underneath the car, and Azman was squatting behind them holding an
umbrella. Then all three stood up, and Azman went to the driver’s seat of SCQ
143 X and stepped on the accelerator. After that, he went to the boot of SGT
809 X, took a blue paper bag, brought it to SCQ 143 X and placed it in the
boot. Then he went to the driver’s seat of SCQ 143 X again, and pressed on the
accelerator again, after which he went to the back of that car, and joined
Bala and Tamil, and the three of them were squatting down. Sgt Loh explained
that he knew Azman had stepped on the accelerator because he heard the engine
rev up, and he saw smoke come out of the exhaust pipe. Sgt Loh then saw Bala
stretch his hand under the car and retrieve something which looked like a dark
bundle which he put in the paper bag in the boot of SCQ 143 X. When Bala made
the retrieval from beneath the car, Tamil was pulling the bumper. Sgt Loh then
saw Azman take a paper bag similar to the one he saw before from the boot of
SCQ 143 X, place the bag inside the boot of SGT 809 X, and then close the
boots of both cars. At that point, Azman was not holding the umbrella.

18 The evidence of the surveillance officers did not make a seamless narration
of the activities at the carpark. There were gaps in the individual accounts,
and inconsistencies between the different accounts. On a review of all the
evidence, these shortcomings are explicable and acceptable. The officers were
not keeping continuous observation from fixed spots, but moved about during
that time; the subjects were out of view whilst they went to new positions;
and the accounts were from observations made from different positions and
times. The officers had made records of their observations. Some of the
records which were produced at the request of counsel corroborated their
evidence.

19 When trained law enforcement officers are instructed to keep surveillance
during an operation, and to keep notes of their observations, their
observations are not casual or accidental. Due weight should be given to their
evidence unless there is reason to doubt their integrity or competence. After
listening to the officers’ evidence, I find that they were recounting in good
faith what they saw and remembered, and were forthcoming in accepting that
there were aspects of the events that they did not take note of or could not
recall. I am unable to agree with counsel’s accusation that they had
fabricated evidence against the accused persons.

Events following the arrest

20 After the three accused persons were arrested, the boot of SGT 809 X was
opened, and a blue paper bag was found there. There were two wrapped bundles
inside the bag, one being bigger than the other. The accused persons were kept
at the carpark and the exhibits were preserved until the arrival of another
team of CNB officers from the Special Task Force. This team of officers then
took over custody of the three persons and the exhibits. On the instruction of
the leader of the party, Station Inspection Ngo Hing Wong (“SI Ngo”), the
three accused persons and the two cars were brought to the carpark of Yishun
Stadium (“the Yishun Stadium carpark”) for further investigations.

21 At the Yishun Stadium carpark, SI Ngo recorded two statements from Azman.
Mr Sudheesan, counsel for Azman, objected to the admission of these statements
on the ground that they were not recorded in compliance with s 121(2) and s
121(3) of the Criminal Procedure Code (Cap 68, 1985 Rev Ed) (“CPC”).

22 The marginal notes to s 121 state “Examination of witnesses by police”.
However, this provision applies to CNB officers through s 32 of the Misuse of
Drugs Act (Cap 185, 2008 Rev Ed) (“MDA”). Section 32(1) provides that:

In any case relating to the commission of an offence under this Act, an
officer of the Bureau shall have all the powers of a police officer under the
Criminal Procedure Code (Cap. 68) in relation to an investigation into a
seizable offence.

When CNB officers are given the powers conferred on police officers by the
CPC, those powers are to be exercised in compliance with the empowering
provisions of the CPC.

23 Section 121 of the CPC provides that:

(1) A police officer making a police investigation under this Chapter may
examine orally any person supposed to be acquainted with the facts and
circumstances of the case and shall reduce into writing any statement made by
the person so examined.

(2) Such person shall be bound to state truly the facts and circumstances with
which he is acquainted concerning the case except only that he may decline to
make with regard to any fact or circumstance a statement which would have a
tendency to expose him to a criminal charge or to a penalty or forfeiture.

(3) A statement made by any person under this section shall be read over to
him and shall, after correction if necessary, be signed by him.

24 The first complaint was that SI Ngo did not inform Azman that under s
121(2), he may decline to make any statement that would have a tendency to
expose him to a criminal charge or to a penalty or forfeiture. The second
complaint was that the two statements were not read over to Azman as required
by s 121(3). The prosecution accepted that SI Ngo had not advised Azman of his
rights under s 121(2), but contended that SI Ngo had read the statements over
to Azman before he signed them.

25 Both issues have been considered and determined by the Court of Appeal. In
_Public Prosecutor v Mazlan bin Maidun and another_ [1992] 3 SLR(R) 968, the
Court ruled in [37(a)] that:

a suspect or an accused need not be expressly informed of a right to remain
silent whenever any statement is recorded from him pursuant to s 121(2) of the
CPC;

26 In _Vasavan Sathiadew & 2 Ors v Public Prosecutor_ [1992] SGCA 26, the
Court stated that:

… a non-compliance with s 121 of the [CPC] does not render the statement
inadmissible under s 122(5) of the[CPC]. It affects the weight to be given to
such statement in that it may give rise to questions whether such statement
was in fact made, and if it had been made why it was not signed by the accused
as required under s 121(3).

and that:

… a non-compliance with s 121(3) does not result in the statement being
inadmissible.

In _Panya Martmontree and others v Public Prosecutor_ [1995] 2 SLR(R) 806 it
was held at [6] that a statement that was neither read back nor signed was
admissible in evidence.

27 Counsel accepted that the decisions of the Court of Appeal on the separate
non-compliances bind me, but argued that the effect of the cumulative non-
compliance of s 121(2) and s 121(3) is still an open question. I was not
persuaded by the logic of the submission. In the cases referred to, the Court
of Appeal had held that each deficiency may affect the weight to be accorded
to the contents of the statement, but not its admissibility. It is
inconsistent with the reasoning of the Court’s rulings to conclude that where
there are two failures of compliance in the recording of a statement, the
admissibility of the statement rather than its weight is affected.

28 SI Ngo gave evidence that he recorded the first statement from Azman in a
CNB vehicle at the Yishun Stadium carpark at about 9.25am. He commenced by
asking Azman if he could speak English. When Azman confirmed that he could
speak English, SI Ngo commenced recording Azman’s statement in English in his
pocket book. He recorded his questions and Azman’s replies in his pocket book.
After the statement was recorded, he read the questions and answers back to
Azman and asked him if he wished to make any amendments or alterations, but
Azman declined. Then Azman signed on each page of the pocket book on which his
statement was recorded and wrote down his identity card number on the
statement beside his signatures. SI Ngo made some corrections to the statement
in the course of recording, and Azman also signed against those corrections.
The whole recording process took about half an hour.

29 The statement[note: 1] reads:

Q1:What is inside the blue paper bag “erke” behind the car boot?

A1:I don’t know

Q2:Whose does it belong to?

A2:It’s not mine. I don’t know belong to who.

Q3:Before you got arrested where did you come from?

A3:I came from JB?

Q4:Who were with you?

A4:Rocky and Bala in my blue car SGT 809 X and Sunder, Kumar and the other guy
I don’t the name [sic] it’s Sunder younger brother inside the black car SCQ
143 X.

[“Sunder” refers to Sundram]

Q5:Where are Sunder, Kumar and Sunder younger brother? When you all reach
Yishun carpark Blk 108?

A5:When I reach the carpark of Blk 108 Yishun I waited for them at the carpark
and then all of them, Sunder, Kumar and Sunder younger brother go into my car
and I send them to outside the main road.

Q6:After that what you do?

A6;After that I go back to the car, Rocky asked me to reverse the black car
SCQ 143 X.

Q7:Who is the driver of the black car SCQ 143 X?

A7:Sunder.

Q8:Do you have anything to add in the statement.

A8:I suspect that the blue paper bag inside contain 2 packet, one is big and
the other is small one came from the black car.

Q9:Why you suspect the black car?

A9:Because we go JB together. I suspect my friend in the black car.

30 When defence counsel cross-examined SI Ngo, it was put to him that:

(i)

when he first saw Azman, Azman was crying;

(ii)

he did not ask Azman whether he wanted to speak in English;

(iii)

he did not tell Azman that he could decline to answer the questions;

(iv)

he asked Azman why he reversed SCQ 143 X and Azman told him that the car had
problems and he wanted to test it;

(v)

after asking Question 7, he had accused Azman of taking the blue paper bag to
SCQ 143 X and Azman denied that;

(vi)

he had fabricated Answers 6 and 8;

(vii)

he did not record the questions and answers word for word;

(viii)

he did not read the statement back to Azman or give him the opportunity to
read it; and

(ix)

he did not invite Azman to make amendments or alterations to the statement.

SI Ngo agreed with allegation (iii) but denied the others.

31 Later that day, SI Ngo recorded a further statement from Azman inside SGT
809 X in the Yishun carpark when the CNB officers brought the three accused
persons to their homes and conducted searches. SI Ngo recorded this statement
at 11am after he was informed by another officer that a similar blue paper bag
was found in SCQ 143 X.

32 Before recording the statement, SI Ngo asked Azman if he spoke English and
Azman confirmed that he did. The recording then commenced in a question and
answer form, with SI Ngo recording each question and each answer in his pocket
book word for word. SI Ngo made two amendments as he recorded the statement.
After the recording, he read the statement to Azman and invited him to make
amendments and alterations, but none was made. Azman then signed the statement
and the amendments. The whole recording process took 20 minutes. This second
statement[note: 2] reads:

Q10:Why did you car and the black car had the same blue colour paper bag?

A10:I can remember that we buy the same shoe that why we got the same paper
bag?

Q11:Who is you’re the other friend who buy the same shoe with you?

A11:Rocky

Q12:Did you go to the black car?

A12:Yes

Q13:Why did you go to the black car?

A13:To put the thing one big one and one small one

Q14:What is inside the one big one and one small one?

A14:I really don’t know.

Q15:Did anyone ask you to put the thing inside your car?

A15:Rocky ask me to put the one big one and one small one inside my car boot.

I then show him a male picture of an Indian

Q16:Who is this guy?

A16:Rocky.

Rocky was ascertain to be one Tamil Salvem m/41 years IC:S1759602J

33 Counsel put to SI Ngo that:

(i)

Azman had told him that he had gone to the back of SGT 809 X to check the
exhaust pipe;

(ii)

that SI Ngo had asked his fellow officers in Mandarin about the person who put
bundles into the black car, and was told it was not Azman;

(iii)

he asked Azman if Rocky had asked him to put the things in the car, and Azman
said “No”;

(iv)

he did not advise Azman that he may decline to answer his questions;

(v)

he did not read the statement back to Azman;

(vi)

Azman did not read the statement;

(vii)

Azman was not asked if he wanted to make amendments or corrections to the
statement; and

(viii)

Azman was tearing during the recording of the statement.

SI Ngo agreed with allegation (iv) but denied the rest.

Contents of the blue paper bag recovered from SGT 809 X

34 Inside the blue paper bag[note: 3] recovered from the boot of SGT 809 X
there were two bundles in black plastic wrappings, one larger bundle secured
with red adhesive tape and a smaller bundle without red adhesive tape[note:
4]. When the larger bundle was unwrapped, two blocks wrapped in silver foil
were revealed.[note: 5] When the silver foil was removed, each block was found
to be a block of vegetable matter.[note: 6] (The smaller bundle did not
contain any vegetable matter and was not related to the present charge.)

35 The two blocks of vegetable matter were examined at the Narcotics
Laboratory of the Health Sciences Authority (“HSA”) in April 2007 and were
found to contain an aggregate of 1525.7g of cannabis[note: 7], the subject
matter of the charge on which the three accused persons are tried before me,
as well as cannabis mixture.

36 The veracity of the analysis and the weight of the cannabis were not
disputed by the accused persons.

The cautioned statements

37 Adam Tan, an officer of the CNB (but who had left the Bureau by the time of
the trial), was appointed as the investigation officer. On 28 April 2007, he
recorded cautioned statements from each of the accused persons on similar
charges of trafficking in 2091.5g of cannabis i.e. the weight of the two
blocks of vegetable matter before analysis.

38 These cautioned statements were admitted in evidence without objection. In
their cautioned statements, Azman stated:

I am not the one who bring in the drugs.[note: 8]

Tamil stated:

I do not know anything about the drug. I went with my friends to enjoy
only.[note: 9]

and Bala stated:

It is true that I went to JB. I went there and enjoy in a pub. I went there in
a black colour car. After enjoying in the pub, I came back in a green and blue
colour car. When we came to Singapore, the customs checked the car thoroughly.
After that we went to Yishun to drop Tamil Salvem. The car was parked besides
his block. Tamil, Azman and I went to buy cigarettes. On the way to buy the
cigarettes, we walked pass the front of the car. At this point of time, the
officers came and we were handcuffed. We did not know why. I was short of
sleep and I also have to go to work at 10 am. The officers asked the three of
us whose car is the black car and whose car is the black coloured car was.
Then the officers opened the boot of the green and blue car and found the
paper bag with the things inside. I do not know what the thing was. The
officers asked the three of us what this is. I told the officers I got inside
the green and blue car outside the pub in Johor and only alighted in Yishun. I
was asleep in the car and it was at Woodlands Checkpoint I was awaken by my
friend, the driver, Azman. After this, I continued to sleep again until
Yishun. I was tired and short of sleep. The customs people checked and they
could have found the bag. How is it that it was only found at Yishun. After
that I was arrested. That is all.[note: 10]

Azman’s disputed statements

39 Adam Tan recorded other statements from Azman. The prosecution sought to
produce two of them, one recorded on 20 August 2007 and another recorded on 16
October 2007, but Azman objected that he had not make them voluntarily and
they were therefore not admissible in evidence. In view of the dispute, a
_voir dire_ was conducted for each statement.

40 The onus is on the prosecution to prove that a statement of an accused
person is admissible in evidence. A sub-trial would in the normal course
proceed with the recording officer and other officers such as interpreters
affirming that the statement was made and recorded without any inducement,
threat or promise. Then the evidential burden would shift onto the accused to
show that the statement was not made voluntarily and this is done by cross-
examining the prosecution witnesses, and leading evidence of the accused and
his supporting witnesses, if any.

Statement of 20 August 2007

41 On 20 August 2007, Adam Tan went with interpreter Sofia binte Sufri
(“Sofia”) to see Azman at the Queenstown Remand Prison to serve on him a
charge for trafficking of the drug Ecstasy and to record a cautioned statement
from him. Adam Tan’s evidence was that after he served Azman with the charge
and recorded his cautioned statement, Azman told him in English that he had
some things to say to him. Azman then spoke to him, and broke into tears. Adam
Tan asked him if he was willing to have what he said reduced into a written
statement for his signature, but Azman was not willing to do that. That
conversation took place in the presence of the interpreter but she did not
take part in it.

42 After that exchange, Adam Tan and the interpreter left, and went their
separate ways. Adam Tan went to his car parked outside the prison and recorded
in his field book of what Azman had told him. He did not set that out
verbatim, but made a summary of it.

43 Counsel cross-examined Adam Tan and established that he had seen Azman on 9
May 2007, and that Azman spoke to him about his wife and family. When counsel
put to him that he told Azman that there was a note book which implicated his
wife with the drugs, and that he asked him to think about it, Adam Tan denied
that.

44 Counsel then moved to the events of 20 August 2007 and put to Adam Tan that

(i) Azman had argued with him when the additional charge was served on him;

(ii) he accused Azman of not cooperating with the investigations;

(iii) he told Azman that he could not escape because he was the driver;

(iv) he asked Azman why he did not admit his involvement with the drugs, and
Azman said that he did not do it;

(v) he told Azman that he really wanted the other two accused and he could
help Azman; and

(vi) he told Azman that a note book will implicate his wife, but if he co-
operated, he could avoid the death penalty and save his wife.

Adam Tan did not agree with any of that.

45 Counsel also put to Adam Tan that:

(i) he did not ask Azman if he was willing to make a written statement. Adam
Tan’s response was that after Azman spoke, he asked him if he was willing to
have that reduced into a written statement but Azman declined,

(ii) at the end of the conversation, before he left the prison, he asked Azman
to think about it, but Adam Tan disagreed with that. Adam Tan added that after
Azman declined to give a written statement, but wanted to make a bargain for
him to plead guilty in exchange for a lighter sentence, but he told Azman that
he was not in a position to make a decision on that, and

(iii) Azman actually agreed to co-operate with Adam Tan because Adam Tan told
him that he could avoid the death penalty and his wife could be saved. Adam
Tan denied making those representations.

46 The interpreter Sofia also gave evidence in the _voir dire_. She confirmed
she went to the Queenstown Remand Prison with Adam Tan on 20 August 2007.
Unfortunately her evidence was unclear in parts as she had not kept notes of
the events and was relying on her memory. For example, in examination-in-
chief, she said that when she and Adam Tan entered the interview room, Azman’s
family told Adam Tan that Azman had something to say about the charge he was
facing and in cross-examination, she said that she could not remember whether
Azman’s conversation with Adam Tan took place before or after the charge was
served, although she also said that she and Adam Tan left after the
conversation.

47 Her evidence was that she acted as the interpreter in recording of a
cautioned statement from Azman on the charge that was served on him. She was
not involved in the conversation between Azman and Adam Tan. When she was
asked the language Azman spoke in, her initial response was he might have
spoken in English and then she subsequently said that the conversation took
place in English. She also remembered that Adam Tan asked Azman whether he was
prepared to make a signed statement, and Azman declined because when he asked
Adam Tan for help to reduce his charge to a non-capital charge, Adam Tan had
told him that he could not make such a decision.

48 In cross-examination, several questions were put which Sofia disagreed with
including:

(i)

Azman and Adam Tan were discussing Azman’s role in the series of events;

(ii)

Azman told Adam Tan that he was not involved;

(iii)

Azman and Adam Tan talked about the roles of other people;

(iv)

Azman and Adam Tan talked about Azman’s family;

(v)

Adam Tan told Azman that he wanted information on the involvement of the other
two accused persons;

(vi)

Adam Tan mentioned to Azman that he could save Azman from the death penalty
and also save Azman’s wife; and

(vii)

before leaving, Adam Tan told Azman to think over the matters.

49 Interpreters can be of greater assistance as witnesses if they have more to
rely on than their memories. If they take and keep brief notes of the events
they are involved in, the notes would enable them to recall events better and
with greater reliability when they give evidence.

50 Azman also gave his account on the events of 9 May and 20 August 2007. He
recounted that on 9 May 2007 Adam Tan saw him and told him about a charge
relating to Ecstasy, but no charge was served on him. Adam Tan also mentioned
a book bearing entries in his wife’s handwriting. Adam Tan told him that book
showed her involvement with drugs. He told Adam Tan that his wife had nothing
to do with drugs, and she only helped him to record his money-lending
transactions in that book. Adam Tan advised him to think about that, and
informed him that he would be returning to see him again.

51 On the events of 20 August 2007, Azman recounted that Adam Tan and Sofia
saw him in an interview room. He was served with a charge relating to Ecstasy
and had made a statement in response to it. After he had given and signed that
statement, he and Adam Tan talked about the case. Adam Tan told him that he
was involved and was being very stubborn. Adam Tan added that he wanted
information on the two other accused persons, and that the book bearing his
wife’s handwriting was proof that she was involved. Adam Tan then said that if
he co-operated, he would not face the death penalty and his family would be
left alone. Adam Tan then asked him questions about the case, and he answered
them. This covered his involvement in the events, the two co-accuseds and his
brother-in-law. He could not remember if Adam Tan recorded anything in
writing. However, he was emphatic that Adam Tan did not ask him if he was
willing to give a written statement. He only remembered that before Adam Tan
left, Adam Tan asked him to think over the matter further.

52 In the course of cross-examination, Azman confirmed that on 9 May 2007, he
did not think that the book will link his wife with the drugs and he was not
worried about it and he was still not worried when he made his statement on 20
August 2007. However, when he made his statement on 16 October 2007, he was
concerned. The reason for the change was that a few days before that date, his
wife informed him that Adam Tan wanted to see her, and he became anxious that
she would be charged in connection with the drugs.

53 When I reviewed the evidence, it was clear that defence counsel did not
elicit any admission from Adam Tan or Sofia that any inducement, threat or
promise was issued or made which led Azman to make the statement which Adam
Tan recorded in his field book.

54 Azman’s evidence, on the other hand, was that Adam Tan had warned him on 9
May 2007 that his wife may be involved with the drugs because she made entries
in the book that was seized, and Adam Tan advised him to think about that.
When Adam Tan saw him again on 20 August 2007 with Sofia, Adam Tan told him
that if he co-operated and gave information against the two co-accused, he may
not have to face the death penalty and his wife will not be charged and he co-
operated with Adam Tan by telling him about his involvement and that of the
co-accused and his brother-in-law. He went on to add that:

(i) Adam Tan did not ask him to give a written statement;

(ii) he did not believe that the accounts book will link his wife to the drugs
and he was not worried over that; and

(iii) he believed that if he co-operated, he would not face the death penalty.

55 His evidence that after he co-operated and gave Adam Tan the information,
Adam Tan did not ask him to give a written statement challenged belief. If
Adam Tan wanted his co-operation and he co-operated, it would be natural and
logical for Adam Tan to ask him to make a signed statement.

56 I found that there was no credible evidence that Azman had made the oral
statement to Adam Tan as a result of the alleged threat and promise. I
therefore ruled that the statement was a voluntary statement and admitted it
in evidence. Adam Tan recorded in his field book:

B1 stated that he has things to say. B1 was not willing to commit in a
statement. He told me and Sofia verbally about his arrest.

He said he was willing to plead guilty but he wants lighter sentence. B1 also
indicated that his Malaysian supplier is one “Mamin”. B1 stated that he was
doing this to get his brother-in-law out from prison. His brother-in-law is
someone in Johor Bahru prison currently for drug trafficking. B1 indicated
that he was the one who coordinated everything. Mamin informed him that the
drugs were in the car while he was driving back. B3 then removed the drugs
while B1 carried the paper bag to put the drugs. B2 and B3 are involved in
smuggling the drugs. B4, B5, B6 are innocent. His car wash helper, Amran is
also involved. [note: 11]

B1 referred to Azman, B2 and B3 to the second and third accused persons, and
B4, B5 and B6 to Sundram, Kumar and Kumaran respectively.

Statement of 16 October 2007

57 This statement was recorded by Adam Tan, with Sofia as the interpreter, in
the Queenstown Remand Prison, and was signed by Azman. According to Adam Tan,
he had received a DNA analysis report from HSA[note: 12] which he wanted to
clarify with Azman. He explained to Azman that the report showed that DNA on
the string of the paper bag containing the drugs matched Azman’s DNA profile,
and he asked Azman why his DNA was on the string. Azman then began to repeat
in English what he had previously narrated to him on 20 August 2007.

58 Adam Tan asked Azman whether he was willing to have the statement reduced
into writing. After thinking for a while, Azman agreed, and he started to
record Azman’s statement in a narrative form. When the statement was
completed, Adam Tan instructed Sofia to read it back to Azman in Malay, after
which Azman read the statement himself before he signed it.

59 Adam Tan recalled that besides making the statement, Azman had told him
that he was very worried about his wife and family. He was worried about their
safety as they may be under threat by some people, and Adam Tan advised him to
have his family make a police report.

60 Under cross-examination by counsel, Adam Tan agreed that on 20 August 2007,
Azman had already acknowledged that he had carried the blue paper bag and that
was recorded in his field book. Counsel put to Adam Tan that

(i) he did not bring or explain any DNA report to Azman on 16 October 2007;

(ii) he had gone to see Azman because Azman’s wife had informed him that Azman
wanted to see him;

(iii) Azman had asked him “why pull in wife?” and he told Azman that it was
because he was not co-operating, and that if he co-operated by giving
information on the other two co-accused persons, his wife will not be charged,
and he will not face the death penalty;

(iv) Azman also said “Whatever you want to write, you write, don’t disturb my
family”;

(v) he told Azman that his statement must be convincing because “The Judge is
not stupid, must be convincing”; and

(vi) the statement was not read back to Azman who had signed it after Adam Tan
assured him “You do your part and I’ll do my part.”

but Adam Tan did not agree with any of that.

61 Counsel then cross-examined Adam Tan on events after 16 October 2007, in
which it was alleged that Adam Tan and Azman had referred to the bargain made
on 16 October 2007. Adam Tan agreed that he had seen Azman in Queenstown
Remand Prison on 9 November 2007 because Azman wanted to see him. He went
together with Sofia, and Mr Sudheesan was also there, but he left when Azman
stated that his presence was not required. It was put to Adam Tan that Azman
then told him that he was worried because his lawyer had scolded him, and that
Azman asked Adam Tan why he told his wife that he had confessed. Adam Tan
denied that this took place, and denied that he advised Azman to instruct his
lawyer to write to get the charges reduced. Adam Tan’s evidence was that Azman
wanted to see him to provide him with some information which was not related
to this case.

62 Adam Tan also agreed that he saw Azman again on 19 December 2007 to collect
a DNA specimen from him. Counsel put to him that after the specimen was taken,
he told Azman “I come today as a friend, not as an IO, you stick to what we
agree and you’ll be safe and don’t worry” and that if he co-operated with him
he would leave his wife alone and there will be no death penalty for him but
Adam Tan denied saying that, and explained that he had asked Azman how he was
doing in Queenstown Remand Prison as his wife had informed him that he was
under duress there.

63 Sofia confirmed that Adam Tan brought her on 16 October 2007 to Queenstown
Remand Prison to record a statement from Azman. Adam Tan told Azman about the
DNA report and asked him whether he had anything to say and whether he was
willing to give a statement, and Azman agreed to give a statement. Azman then
gave a statement in English and Adam Tan recorded it. After that, she read the
statement to Azman in Malay and handed the statement to Azman for him to read
before he affixed his signature and initials on the statement. Neither she nor
Adam Tan had offered any inducement, threat or promise to Azman before or
during the recording of the statement. She also confirmed that she was present
at the meeting between Adam Tan and Azman on 9 November 2007 but she did not
play an active role.

64 Counsel put to her that in the meeting of 16 October 2007:

(i) Azman asked Adam Tan why his wife was pulled in;

(ii) Adam Tan told Azman that it was because he did not co-operate;

(iii) Azman denied his involvement;

(iv) Adam Tan told Azman that if he co-operated, he will not disturb his wife,
and there will be no death penalty;

(v) Azman told Adam Tan that he can write what he wanted if he will not
disturb his family; and

(vi) Adam Tan told Azman that his story must be convincing.

but Sofia did not agree that any of these. She also denied that she did not
read the statement back to Azman, or that Adam Tan told Azman after he had
signed the statement that he need not worry about the death penalty because he
had co-operated.

65 With regard to the meeting on 9 November 2007, Sofia did not remember that
Azman spoke to Adam Tan about his wife or that Adam Tan advised Azman to get
his lawyer to write for the charge to be reduced.

66 When Azman gave his evidence, he said that although he did not believe on
20 August 2007 that his wife would be implicated with the drugs, he
subsequently believed that because his wife was asked to report to Adam Tan.
He was unhappy over that, and he asked to see Adam Tan. When Adam Tan and
Sofia saw him on 16 October 2007, there was no discussion of DNA findings. He
asked Adam Tan why he wanted to implicate his wife and Adam Tan told him that
it was because he was not co-operating, but if he co-operated, his wife will
not be implicated and he would not face the death penalty. When he heard that,
he felt he had no choice, and he told Adam Tan that he can write what he
liked. Adam Tan asked questions and he answered, with Adam Tan guiding him.
When he disagreed with Adam Tan, his answer was not recorded, and Adam Tan
told him that his story has to be convincing. After the statement was
recorded, it was not read back to him in Malay and he did not read it himself
before he signed it because Adam Tan assured him that if he signed the
statement, he need not worry about the gallows.

67 After he signed the statement on 16 October 2007, his wife went to see Adam
Tan. She subsequently told him that Adam Tan informed her that he had
confessed on 16 October. She was angry at him for confessing and he told her
that Adam Tan had promised that she will not be implicated and he will not
face the death penalty.

68 He then met Adam Tan again on 9 November 2007 after his wife had told Adam
Tan that he wanted to meet him because Adam Tan had not followed up on their
agreement. When Adam Tan saw him that day he told him that his lawyer was told
about the agreement, and his lawyer was angry about it. Adam Tan reassured him
and told him to get his lawyer to write in, and he will not face the death
penalty.

69 On 19 December 2007, Adam Tan saw him again to take his DNA specimen. On
this occasion, Adam Tan assured him that he came as a friend, and advised him
to stick to his statement when he attended court, and there will be no death
penalty.

70 The prosecution sought to discredit Azman’s evidence by arguing that as
Azman knew that the book with his wife’s handwriting was not related to the
drugs, he should not be affected by the alleged threat. There was a flaw in
that line of argument in that even if Azman was convinced that his wife was
not involved with the drugs, he could be concerned that Adam Tan was
determined to have her charged and prosecuted.

71 Azman was also asked if he had signed the statement on 16 October 2007 with
no knowledge of its contents, and he confirmed that he did it because of the
agreement. However, he also said that he did not sign the statement because he
trusted Adam Tan but because he had no choice, and that he did not ask to read
it although he knew that parts of the statement were put in by Adam Tan to
make the statement convincing.

72 The defence did not call Azman’s wife or his lawyer as witnesses in the
second _voir dire_. Consequently, the evidence that she had informed Adam Tan
that Azman wanted to see him, and the evidence that Azman had told his wife
about Adam Tan’s promise were hearsay in the first instance and uncorroborated
in the second.

73 Azman’s contention that by 16 October 2007, he believed that his wife may
be implicated with the drugs because Adam Tan had requested his wife to see
him did not further his claim that Adam Tan had threatened to implicate his
wife. All Azman had said was that his wife told him of that request, and he
feared that Adam Tan was going to take action against her. By Azman’s own
evidence no threat issued by Adam Tan. With no fresh threat, we are left with
the original threat to implicate his wife and the promise not to implicate
her, and to reduce the charge against him if he co-operated.

74 There were substantial differences in the narrations of the events of 16
October 2007. The prosecution’s case was that Adam Tan wanted to inform Azman
of the DNA findings. While Adam Tan’s evidence was corroborated by Sofia,
Azman’s evidence was not backed up by his wife or his lawyer.

75 The prosecution’s evidence was that after the statement was recorded, it
was read back to Azman in Malay, and he also read it himself. Azman’s evidence
was that it was not only not read back to him, he did not have the opportunity
to read it himself, he did not ask to read it, and he was content to sign it
without knowing its contents. I find this difficult to understand and accept.
If he had signed the statement as his part of the bargain with Adam Tan, there
was no reason for Adam Tan not to have the statement read to him or to allow
him to read it. In each of the five earlier signed statements he made to Adam
Tan[note: 13] it was recorded that the statement was read back to him, and
Azman had not denied that.

76 On a review of the evidence, I found the evidence of Adam Tan and Sofia
consistent and credible, but not the evidence of Azman. Accordingly, I found
that the statement Azman made was voluntarily without any inducement, threat
or promise, and I admitted it in evidence.

77 The statement[note: 14] reads:

70\. My brother-in-law, Kannan s/o Subramaniam, was in Sepang Regum Prison for
suspected drugs and guns. His case went to court in Johor. I visit my brother-
in-law quite often about once a week. I sometime go alone or with my wife. He
got out from CPC in 2005.

71\. I knew Rocky through my brother-in-law and I got to know Bala through
Rocky.

72\. In early this year, January or February, I was at Kannan’s house in JB
celebrating my mother-in-law’s birthday. We left that night. The next morning
or afternoon my brother-in-law, sister-in-law (Hairun Be) and Khalid Selvam
were arrested. They were arrested for drug and arms offence.

73\. I wanted to get my brother-in-law and sister-in-law out. I know that it
can be done using money to pay the lawyers and the authorities. Mamin, a Malay
Singaporean who is wanted in Singapore and who is now currently in JB, and
Siva, an Indian Malaysian were the ones who introduced me to drugs. They gave
me the connection to buy the drugs and sell it in Singapore. They also give me
the clients in Singapore. Mamin introduced me to heroin clients. Rocky got me
the cannabis clients.

74\. I got my heroin from Mamin and I got the cannabis from Siva. I got my
Ecstasy tablets from a Chinese man named Richard at Taman Sentosa. Richard is
wanted in Singapore. He is a Singaporean.

75\. I do not have to pay upfront for the Ecstasy tablets and heroin. Mamin
and Richard gave them to me on credit. I have to pay Siva the money for the
cannabis on delivery. I do not know the cost of the heroin as I have not paid
Mamin yet. The cannabis cost $2500 ringgit for one ‘book’. I was arrested with
2 ‘books’. One ‘book’ is about one kilogram. I also do not know the cost of
the tablets.

76\. For the controlled drugs I was arrested with, Mamin will plant the drugs.
My job is to bring the drugs into Singapore and sell them in Singapore. Mamin
will tell me who to pass and sell the heroin to in Singapore.

77\. Mamin, upon successfully crossing of the causeway, will tell me the names
of 2 persons I am suppose to deliver the drugs to. I do not know who these 2
persons are.

78\. I have brought in drugs a few times. The previous occasions were not big
deliveries. After I brought the drugs into Singapore, Rocky will distribute
the cannabis. Amran will distribute the heroin for me.

79\. Rocky and Bala assist me to distribute the drugs. The also help me bring
the drugs across. That is all.

78 At the conclusion of the two _voir dires_ , it was agreed by all the
parties, (including Mr Tiwary, counsel for the second and third accused who
did not participate in the _voir dires_), that the evidence given in the sub-
trials was to be regarded as evidence in the main trial. As a result of the
agreement, the witnesses did not have to repeat their evidence in the _voir
dires_ , although Adam Tan and Sofia were recalled as witnesses in the main
trial and were examined further by the prosecution and both defence counsel.

79 Statements were taken from the second and the third accused at the Yishun
Stadium carpark after they were brought there following their arrest. They
were admitted in evidence without objection. These statements did not add to
the prosecution’s case against them.

80 Tamil’s statement[note: 15] was:

Q1: Where did you go before you were arrested?

A1: Malaysia.

Q2: Whom did you go Malaysia with?

A2: My these two friends.

Q3: Are they the ones whom were also arrested together with you?

A3: Yes.

Q4: What time did you and your friends came into Singapore from Malaysia?

A4: At about 6 plus to 7 in the morning today.

Q5: What kind of transport did you and your friends took to go into Malaysia
and out from Singapore?

A5: (Recorder’s note: Accused B2 pointed the blue ‘Mitsubishi Lancer’ to me.)

This one.

Q6: Is there any drugs in the car?

A6: Don’t know.

(Recorder’s note: I pointed to the blue paper bag to accused B2.)

Q7: What is inside this blue paper bag?

A7: I don’t know.

Q8: To whom does this paper bag belongs to?

A8: I don’t know.

Q9: Have you seen this paper bag before?

A9: Never.

and Bala’s statement[note: 16] was:

Q1: What time you enter to Malaysia?

A1: 11 plus yesterday on 27/4/2007 night time.

Q2: What time you come out of Malaysia?

A2: Just now.

Q3: Which car you took when you all entered S’pore?

A3: SGT 809 X.

Q4: With whom?

A4: Azman and Tamil Salvem.

Calling on the defence

81 At the close of the prosecution case, defence counsel did not submit that
there was no case for the accused persons to answer. In the face of the
evidence of the surveillance officers, Sundram, Kumar and Kumaran, the
statements made by Azman, the undisputed analysis reports of the seized
blocks, and the presumptions under s 18(1) and (2) and s 21 of the MDA, it was
clear that the prosecution had produced sufficient evidence for the accused
persons to be called upon to enter their defences. Both of them elected to
enter his defence, but neither of them called any witnesses to give evidence
on his behalf.

The defences

The first accused Azman

82 Azman is 38 years old, married with two children. His counsel referred him
to the five statements that he had made between 30 April and 8 May 2007[note:
17] and recorded by Adam Tan and had them admitted in evidence. Azman
confirmed and elaborated on the contents of the accounts of events set out in
those statements. I will not set out the full text of the statements which run
to 54 paragraphs. In these statements, Azman

(i) recounted the arrival of his party of six at the carpark of the karaoke
lounge in Johor Baru:

30\. We then drove to the karaoke. I know about this karaoke first. One of my
loanshark worker there introduced the place to me. I had been there before
with this group of friends. We have been there a couple of times. We parked
our cars at the carpark outside the karaoke. I locked my car. The karaoke is a
shophouse. We parked infront of the shop house. We have to walk by the back
lane. The karaoke is very secretive. We have to enter from the back. All six
of us were together. The Chinese man from the karaoke will lead us to the
entrance. After going into the maindoor, we walked up the staircase. We
entered a room. Rocky, Murthy, Kumar and Murthy’s brother ordered one bottle
of Chivas. Bala and I had a jug of coke. We reached the karaoke at about 2am
plus to 3 am,

(ii) explained why he and Bala returned to the Yishun carpark in SGT 809 X
after they had driven to the main road and dropped Sundram, Kumar and Kumaran
off:

38\. I then drove out to the main road. I dropped Murthy, Kumar and Murthy’s
brother at the main road. It took only a few minutes. In the car, the three
spoke in Tamil. They said something like the car not being able to start. I
know that because they said “fifteen minute cannot start the car” in English.
I then wanted to send Bala back. Rocky called me on my phone and said “Where
are you?”. I told him, “I am going to send Bala back.”. He asked me, “Come
back, cigarettes don’t have.” I told him ok that I will go back. I thought
Rocky meant that he left his cigarettes in the car.” I did not look around to
see whether I can find Rocky’s cigarettes as I was driving. I drove back to
the carpark. Rocky was at the carpark. Bala was beside me in the car. I parked
into a parking lot. Bala had said to me something like the car is spoilt. I
asked Rocky whether his car is spoilt. He asked me to check. He then passed me
the key. The car, SCQ 143 X, was in a parking lot opposite my car. I took the
key to the SCQ 143 X. I opened the door of SCQ143 X and tried to start the
car. The car was very hard to start. I then drove the car as I had wanted to
go for one round. When I drove the car out of the parking lot, I realized that
there was a lot of smoke coming out of the exhaust pipe. I saw this from the
rear view mirror. I then ram the car so that the engine will not die. I then
reverse the car and parked it into the lot next to my car. I did not park back
into the same lot as a vehicle was coming from the back. Rocky was next to
SCQ143 X when I was testing the car. Bala was outside of the car.

(iii) described the activities with the car at the carpark at Yishun after
they returned to Singapore:

39\. I then came out of the car and went to check on the exhaust pipe. Rocky
was with me when I checked the exhaust pipe. I saw the exhaust pipe and the
bumper touching. I told Rocky that all he needs to do is to bend the exhaust
pipe straight so it would not touch the bumper. Bala, who was already with us,
at the back of the car said the smoke was not from that but came from inside
the exhaust pipe. I then went to step on the accelerator and came back
immediately to take a look. The smoke came from inside the exhaust pipe. I
then told them to bend the exhaust pipe straight so that the smoke will not
come up as much. I used my leg to try to bend the exhaust pipe. They were next
to me to try to step on the pipe to make it straight. I went to my car to take
an umbrella as it was drizzling.

40\. We realize that we cannot bend the pipe. We finally give up. I then
walked to my car. I entered my car. Bala also came to my car. Rocky was just
outside the car. We were then arrested as officers moved in. I was sitting in
the car when I was arrested.

and

(iv) declared:

60\. I do not know why the drugs got into my car. I was not the one who put
the drugs there. I am innocent. I have not seen the two bundles wrapped in
black plastic bag before.

83 Azman’s counsel also went through the prosecution’s evidence with him.
Azman denied Sundram’s evidence that he took the key of SCQ 143 X from Sundram
and had driven off with the Malay couple after the other car arrived at the
car park of the karaoke lounge and maintained that he had gone to the karaoke
lounge at the same time with the other members of the group.

84 He also denied that he had called Sundram when the cars had returned to
Singapore and requested Sundram to drive SCQ 143 X to Yishun. His evidence was
that after the two cars arrived at the car park at Yishun, Sundram, Kumar,
Kumaran and Bala got into his car SGT 809 X and he drove Sundram, Kumar and
Kumaran to the main road and had intended to send Bala home. While they were
in the car, he heard them mention that SCQ 143 X could not start. He also
received a call from Tamil who asked him to return because Tamil did not have
cigarettes, and so he returned to the car park with Bala after dropping off
the other three persons.

85 At the car park, he asked Tamil if there was any trouble with SCQ 143 X,
and Tamil told him to check it (Tamil denied that he had asked Azman to test
the car). He took the car key from Tamil and tried to start the car. He had
difficulty starting the car, and when he drove it, there was a lot of smoke
and a vibrating sound. He revved the engine to prevent it from stalling, and
drove the car to the parking lot next SGT 809 X, and parked it there.

86 After parking the car, he went to the rear of the car with Bala and Tamil,
and noticed that the exhaust pipe was in contact with the bumper. Bala thought
that was the source of the smoke, but he believed that the smoke was from the
exhaust pipe. There was a proposal to separate the pipe from the bumper. He
tested the engine again and then went to his car, opened the boot and took out
an umbrella because it was drizzling at that time, and rejoined his two
friends at the rear of SCQ 143 X. He handed the umbrella to Tamil, he bent
down to check the exhaust pipe and found that it was out of position. All
three of them took turns to step on the exhaust pipe, and the bumper was
separated from the car. He went to rev the engine again, and found that the
smoke continued, although the vibration was reduced. He told the other two
that they cannot do more and the car should be sent to a mechanic.

87 He then hugged Tamil to bid him goodbye. He then went back to his car and
placed the umbrella next to the driver’s seat. While he was waiting for Bala
to enter the car, CNB officers came and arrested them.

88 After he was arrested, he was taken to the rear of his car and someone came
with the blue paper bag which he had received when he bought shoes previously.
He was shown the contents inside the bag. He saw two bundles in the bag, but
he did not know what they were.

89 Subsequently, when he was at the Yishun Stadium carpark, SSgt Mohd Affendi
Ideris (“SSgt Mohd Affendi”) showed him the blue bag, took out the two bundles
and asked him what they were. He told SSgt Mohd Affendi that he did not know,
and was abused in vulgar language. He was upset by that, and was reduced to
tears. (SSgt Mohd Affendi agreed that he had questioned Azman about the
bundles and received the negative replies, but denied that he abused him.)

90 After the exchange with SSgt Mohd Affendi, he was brought into a car and
questioned by SI Ngo which resulted in a statement set out at [29]. When his
counsel brought him to the questions and answers recorded, Azman remembered
that when SI Ngo asked him Question 8, he shook his head. Then SI Ngo asked
him what was inside the bag, and he replied that there was a big and a small
bundle, as he had been shown them earlier.

91 He could not remember SI Ngo asking him Question 9. Instead he testified
that SI Ngo accused him of putting the bag into the boot of the car and that
he had denied that. SI Ngo then asked if his friends had done that and he
replied that he did not suspect that. After that statement was recorded, it
was not read back to him and he was not asked if he wanted to make amendments,
and was just instructed to sign the statement.

92 Azman also gave evidence in the second statement recorded by SI Ngo[note:
18] which is set out in [32]. He confirmed that Question 12 was asked and
Answer 12 was given. He also remembered that when Question 13 was asked, he
did not give the answer that was recorded. He explained to SI Ngo that they
were trying to separate the exhaust pipe from the bumper. SI Ngo retorted that
they put the big bundle and the small bundle into the car. He denied that.
Then SI Ngo asked another officer who had taken the bundles, and was told that
it was not Azman.

93 After that exchange, SI Ngo asked Question 14 (about the contents of the
bundle), and he answered that he did not know. SI Ngo then asked if Rocky
(i.e. Tamil) instructed him to put the bundles into his car boot, and he
denied that, then he was shown a photograph and he identified Rocky. It was
only later when they returned to Police Cantonment Complex that he was invited
to make amendments and asked to sign the statement which was not read back to
him. (This was not put to SI Ngo as defence counsel explained that Azman was
unsure where the statement was signed.[note: 19])

94 Azman then gave evidence on the statements of 20 August 2007 and 16 October
2007 recorded by Adam Tan. With regard to the statement of 20 August
2007[note: 20] set out in [56], Azman recounted that after Adam Tan served the
additional charge on him on 20 August 2007, he did not talk to Adam Tan about
his arrest or tell him that he was willing to plead guilty to a lesser charge,
or that his drug supplier was Mamin. He confirmed he told Adam Tan about his
brother-in-law, but only that his brother-in-law was suspected of being
involved with drugs. He also denied saying that Mamin informed him that drugs
were in the car or that Bala retrieved the drugs and he carried the paper bag
to put the drugs.

95 Moving on to the statement of 16 October 2007[note: 21] set out in [77],
Azman stated that Adam Tan had not gone to discuss DNA findings or the blue
paper bag with him. After his wife told him that Adam Tan had asked to see
her, he wanted to see Adam Tan as he thought Adam Tan was going to get her
involved with the drugs. When Adam Tan went to see him, he asked Adam Tan why
he was asking his wife to see him, and then they had the exchange that he
narrated in the _voir dire_.

96 Azman was then brought through the statement. He agreed that the contents
of the statement were discussed, but claimed that the contents, particularly
those parts referring to his dealings with drugs, were not true, and had been
made up by him with occasional prompting from Adam Tan to implicate his two
co-accuseds. The completed statement was not read back to him, and he did not
read it himself.

97 Azman reiterated that he was not involved in any drug trafficking
activities on 27 or 28 April 2007, and that he did not know if Bala and Tamil
were involved.

The second accused Tamil

98 Tamil is 41 years of age and is single. He ran a drink stall at the hawker
centre in Tekka with Bala, and the two of them also shared the use and upkeep
of SCQ 143 X.

99 His evidence was that on 27 April 2007, he accompanied Azman to Johor Baru
to collect money, and the plan was for the six of them (he, Azman, Bala,
Sundram, Kumar and Kumaran) to go to a pub after that. He had gone to Johor
Baru with Azman in SGT 809 X. After arriving at Johor Baru, they went to a
money changer, and then to a McDonald restaurant where they met a Malay
couple. From the McDonald restaurant they and the Malay couple went to a
restaurant known as ‘Sri Alam’, where they met Bala, Sundram, Kumar and
Kumaran. They went to the carpark of the karaoke lounge in the two cars and
then to the lounge. He remembered that Azman did not enter the lounge with
them, but went 15 to 30 minutes later, and the Malay couple did not go to the
lounge at all.

100 They were in the lounge until the next morning. On the return journey to
Singapore, he was in SGT 809 X which was driven by Azman, and Bala joined
them. He slept in the car, and when they arrived at the Yishun carpark to drop
him off, he asked Bala for a cigarette. Bala replied that he had no cigarettes
and promised to get him some.

101 After that, Sundram, Kumar and Kumaran came in SCQ 143 X. Sundram parked
the car and handed the key to him. As those three persons were about to leave,
Azman offered them a lift in his car, and Bala was also in the car. After the
five persons left in Azman’s car, Tamil waited at the void deck for Bala to
come back with the cigarettes. Before SGT 809 X returned Tamil had telephoned
Azman to ask if he was returning and Azman replied that he had already re-
entered the carpark.

102 When Azman had come back to the carpark, he told Tamil that Sundram had
said SCQ 143 X had starting difficulties and asked for the car key. Azman then
went to start the car. Azman moved the car from its parking lot, and the car
emitted a lot of smoke on being revved. Azman parked SCQ 143 X next to SGT 809
X, and revved the engine again.

103 Tamil and Bala went to the back of the car and Bala kicked the exhaust
pipe which was in contact with the bumper. Bala asked Tamil to lift the
bumper, but he was unable to lift it when he tried. However, the two of them
managed to separate the bumper from the exhaust pipe. Azman came with an
umbrella and handed it to Tamil. Azman took a look and said that the car had
to be sent to a workshop.

104 Tamil hugged Bala and Azman, and then they were arrested. Tamil concluded
by saying that he had not helped Bala or Azman to remove anything from SCQ 143
X and he had no knowledge that there was cannabis in SCQ 143 X or SGT 809 X.
Tamil did not call any witnesses.

The third accused Bala

105 Bala is 30 years old and he runs a drink stall with Tamil. On 27 April
2007, he went to Johor Baru in SCQ 143 X with Sundram, Kumar and Kumaran. They
went to a restaurant called “Sri Alam” first.

106 Subsequently Azman met up with them and they decided to go to a karaoke
lounge. They were in the lounge till the following morning. He came back to
Singapore with Azman and Tamil in SGT 809 X because they stayed in Yishun.

107 When they arrived at the Yishun carpark Tamil asked him for a cigarette,
but as he did not have any cigarettes he promised to go and buy some for him.
He saw SCQ 143 X entering the carpark with smoke coming out from the rear of
the car. Sundram, Kumar and Kumaran came out of the car. Azman offered to take
them to the main road and they got into SGT 809 X. Bala also joined them,
telling Azman that he was going to buy cigarettes for Tamil. The five of them
drove off from the carpark, and Sundram, Kumar and Kumaran were dropped off at
the main road.

108 Bala and Azman returned to the Yishun carpark in SGT 809 X without buying
any cigarettes. Azman parked SGT 809 X, walked over to SCQ 143 X, started the
car and, drove it out of its parking lot and parked it next to SGT 809 X.

109 Bala noticed that SCQ 143 X was emitting a lot of smoke. He went to the
car and saw that the exhaust pipe was in contact with the bumper. He stepped
on the exhaust pipe to press it down and he asked Tamil to pull the bumper
upwards at the same time, but Tamil was unable to raise the bumper. At that
point he told Tamil that the car should be sent to the workshop. He remembered
hugging Tamil, but not Azman. Then the three of them were arrested.

110 He concluded his evidence by saying that he did not know that there were
drugs in SCQ 143 X, and that he did not touch its bumper.

111 When he was cross-examined by Mr Sudheesan, Bala clarified that he told
Azman about buying cigarettes when SCQ 143 X arrived at the Yishun carpark. He
did not recall any discussion about SCQ 143 X when Azman sent Sundram, Kumar
and Kumaran to the main road.

112 He was unable to say whether Azman had taken anything from SCQ 143 X or
SGT 809 X because he was concentrating on the bumper and exhaust pipe of SCQ
143 X, but he was firm that Azman did not step on the exhaust pipe.

Review of the evidence

113 Azman had initiated and financed the trip to Johor Baru for the party of
six. The prosecution lead evidence from Sundram and Kumaran that when the two
cars eventually arrived at the carpark of the karaoke lounge, Azman took over
the key to SCQ 143 X from Sundram. It was also the evidence of Sundram, Kumar,
Kumaran and Tamil that Azman was not with them when they went to the karaoke
lounge, and had joined them later. (Azman denied taking the key or going to
the lounge after the others.)

114 The prosecution argued that there was no reason for Sundram and Kumaran to
lie about the key, but that was not strictly correct. Sundram and Kumaran had
been travelling in SCQ 143 X and they were aware of the allegation that the
cannabis was retrieved from that car. They have reason to say that Azman had
taken the key to the car while they were in the karaoke lounge to distance
themselves from the car and the cannabis. Having said that, I must make clear
that the fact that a witness may have a reason to lie does not mean that the
witness lied. In any event, it was not the prosecution’s case that Azman had
driven SCQ 143 X or that the key was needed to lodge the bundles into the
hollow of the bumper of SCQ 143 X.

115 However I am satisfied that Azman had entered the karaoke lounge after the
others. That was the evidence not only of Sundram, Kumar and Kumaran who had
travelled in SCQ 143 X, but also of Tamil who was never in the car.

116 On the reason for Azman and Bala returning to the Yishun carpark, there
was the evidence of Tamil and Bala of the latter’s intention to buy
cigarettes. The prosecution pointed out that there was no reason for Azman and
Bala to return to the carpark without having purchased the cigarettes. Azman’s
explanation was that when Tamil called and spoke to him after they left the
carpark with the three others, he thought that Tamil had left his cigarettes
in SGT 809 X. This was difficult to accept in the face of Bala’s clear
evidence that they were going to buy cigarettes. Furthermore, Tamil’s evidence
that when he called Azman, Azman said he had already entered the carpark was
not disputed. If that was right, Azman could not have returned to the carpark
because of anything that Tamil said to him.

117 Azman’s actions in the carpark also called for examination. He had gone to
SCQ 143 X, started it, driven it, parked it next to SGT 809 X and attempted to
cure the smoking. SCQ 143 X was not his car. He was not responsible for
maintaining it, and Tamil or Bala said that they had not asked him to fix it.
They had just had a night out and had intended to return to their homes.
Nevertheless, Azman tested the car and tried to repair it with Tamil and Bala.
The surveillance officers confirmed that the engine was revved and that smoke
emitted from the exhaust pipe.

118 There were tests done of the car in the course of the investigations. An
engineer was engaged to examine and test the car on 28 August 2007, and he
reported that there was no exhaust smoke when the engine was started and the
car was taken for a short drive. The test, undertaken months after the event,
without replicating the conditions of 28 April 2007, cannot be taken to mean
that the accused persons and the CNB surveillance officers were mistaken or
untruthful when they said that they saw smoke from the exhaust. Adam Tan
constructed replicas of the two bundles and used them to test if they could be
put into and extracted from the cavity between the bumper and the rear of SCQ
143 X, and he found that it could be done.

119 I accept the evidence of SSgt Seet, Sgt Loong, SI Yon and Sgt Loh that
Azman opened the boot of SGT 809 X, took out a blue paper bag and place it in
the boot of SCQ 143 X, and that Bala retrieve a black bundle from the bumper
of SCQ 143 X and placed it in the blue paper bag, and Azman brought the blue
paper bag to SGT 809 X. I do not accept Azman’s protestations that their
evidence was wrong or false.

120 I also accept the evidence of the surveillance officers that Bala bent
down at the rear bumper of SCQ 143 X and retrieved a bundle from the bumper
and placed it in the blue paper bag in SCQ 143 X.

Azman’s defence

121 Azman’s defence was that he had not brought the blue paper bag from SGT
809 X to SCQ 143 X, and then from SCQ 143 X to SGT 809 X after the bundles
were retrieved by Bala, and he denied any knowledge of or dealing with the bag
and its contents. However, given that the cannabis was recovered from SGT 809
X and that he was in possession and control of the car, there is a presumption
under s 18(1) of the MDA that:

Any person who is proved to have had in his possession or custody or under his
control —

(a) anything containing a controlled drug;

(b) the keys of anything containing a controlled drug;

(c) the keys of any place or premises or any part thereof in which a
controlled drug is found; or

(d) a document of title relating to a controlled drug or any other document
intended for the delivery of a controlled drug,

shall, until the contrary is proved, be presumed to have had that drug in his
possession.

and under s 21 where:

If any controlled drug is found in any vehicle, it shall be presumed, until
the contrary is proved, to be in the possession of the owner of the vehicle
and of the person in charge of the vehicle for the time being.

There is also a presumption that he knew of the nature of the drugs as s 18(2)
provides that:

Any person who is proved or presumed to have had a controlled drug in his
possession shall, until the contrary is proved, be presumed to have known the
nature of that drug.

and both presumptions were not rebutted.

122 Azman did not offer any consistent explanation for the presence of that
blue paper bag in the boot of his car (that was the only blue paper bag
there). In his first statement to SI Ngo set out in [29] he said that he
suspected that it had come from SCQ 143 X; in his second statement set out in
[32] he went on to say that Tamil had requested him to put the two bundles
into the boot of his car; and he admitted in Answer 13 that he put the big
bundle and the small bundle in his car.

123 When he made the five statements that were admitted in evidence on his
initiative, he did not repeat his suspicion or the allegation that Tamil had
asked him to put the two bundles into his car. At the trial, Azman did not
repeat what he had said to SI Ngo, and that was not brought up in his
counsel’s cross-examination of Tamil. That suspicion and the allegation were
apparently abandoned, and no other explanations were offered for the presence
of the bundles in his car.

124 His disputed statements to Adam Tan explained the presence of the
cannabis. On 20 August 2007, he said that a person named Mamin had placed the
drugs in a car and that Bala had recovered the drugs. This was expanded on in
the signed statement of 16 October set out in [77] where he stated that he
obtained heroin, cannabis and Ecstasy tablets, and that Mamin had planted the
drugs that he was arrested with, and that his job was to bring the drugs into
Singapore and to sell them in Singapore.

125 I find that Azman had not only made these statements voluntarily, he did
not make them to implicate Tamil and Bala, and he made them without Adam Tan’s
request to make them more convincing.

126 In the final analysis, there was an abundance of evidence against Azman.
They came in the way of direct evidence and presumptions. The direct evidence
was in the surveillance officers’ evidence that he took the blue paper bag to
his car and his admission[note: 22] that his job was to sell the drugs in
Singapore. This was proof of his possession of the cannabis for the purpose of
trafficking.

127 In addition to that, there is also a presumption under s 17 of the MDA
that he had the cannabis in his possession for the purpose of trafficking,
which was not rebutted.

128 I should add that I find him to have committed the offence of trafficking
by being in possession of the cannabis on his own, and not in furtherance of a
common intention with Tamil and Bala as alleged in the charge against them.

129 I am mindful that in his statements of 20 August 2007 and 16 October 2007,
he had stated that Tamil and Bala were involved in smuggling and distributing
the drugs. However, it should be noted that those assertions do not connect
Tamil and Bala with the cannabis seized on 28 April 2007 which were smuggled
into Singapore in SCQ 143 X without any involvement of Tamil and Bala and were
not distributed.

130 There was nothing to show that the allegation that the cannabis in
question was in the possession of Azman, Tamil and Bala for the purpose of
trafficking in pursuance of a common intention of the three of them.

Tamil’s defence

131 There is little direct evidence that links Tamil with the cannabis. Unlike
Azman, he had not made any admissions during the investigations and had
maintained his innocence, and there was no allegation that he handled the
bundles which contained the cannabis.

132 The primary evidence against him was his involvement in pulling on the
rear bumper of SCQ 143 X. His evidence was that when they saw the smoke coming
from the exhaust pipe, Bala asked him to lift the bumper, and he tried, but
could not do it. Eventually Azman said the car needed to be sent to a
workshop. The prosecution asserted that that he pulled the bumper to
facilitate the retrieval of the bundles in the hollow cavity of the bumper,
but the prosecution was unable to elicit from the accused persons, Sundram,
Kumar and Kumaran any evidence of Tamil’s connection with the cannabis.

133 Tamil may be culpable if he had assisted in the retrieval of the bundles
knowing that they contained cannabis. As there was no evidence that Tamil had
handled the bundles, or, in the words of s 18(1) of the MDA, had them in his
possession or in custody or under his control, the rebuttable presumptions in
s 18(1) and (2) that he was in possession of the drugs and that he was aware
of the nature of the drugs did not operate. Of course knowledge can be
established without presumptions. Is it established in Tamil’s case?

134 The first issue to be addressed is the requisite level of knowledge, ie
how much knowledge must a person have of the drug he is involved with. The
Court of Appeal in _Tan Kiam Peng v PP_ [2008] 1 SLR(R) 1 (“ _Tan Kiam Peng_
”) after a thorough review of the question arrived at the view (albeit non-
conclusive as the issue was not fully argued before the Court) that the
required knowledge goes beyond knowledge that it is a controlled drug, and is
knowledge that it is the specific controlled drug in question. In the present
case, the prosecution submitted that the required knowledge should be pegged
at the level of a controlled drug and not the specific controlled drug. As the
submissions did not introduce anything that was not considered by the Court, I
do not see any reason to depart from the Court’s view.

135 That does not mean that a person must have actual knowledge of the
specific controlled drug. A person who avoids actual knowledge through wilful
blindness is in the same position as a person with actual knowledge.

136 Wilful blindness was discussed at length in _Tan Kiam Peng_ , and for the
present purposes, it suffices for me to refer to that case, and to some of the
cases referred to therein.

137 In the earliest case referred to, _Jones v Gordon_ (1877) 2 App Cas 616,
Lord Blackburn explained at 629 the mental elements necessary to support a
finding of wilful blindness:

If he was (if I may use the phrase) honestly blundering and careless, and so
took a bill of exchange or a bank-note when he ought not to have taken it,
still he would be entitled to recover. _But if the facts and circumstances are
such that the jury, or whoever has to try the question, came to the conclusion
that he was not honestly blundering and careless_ , _but that he must have had
a_ suspicion _that there was something wrong, and that he refrained from
asking questions, not because he was an honest blunderer or a stupid man, but
because he thought in his own secret mind - I suspect there is something
wrong, and if I ask questions and make farther inquiry, it will no longer be
my suspecting it, but my knowing it, and then I shall not be able to recover -
I think that is dishonesty_.

138 This has been elaborated on in more recent judgments. Lord Denning MR
stated in _Compania Maritima San Basilo S A v Oceanus Mutual Underwriting
Association (Bermuda) Ltd_ [1977] 1 QB 49 at 68 that:

_If a man_ , suspicious of the truth _, turns a blind eye to it, and_ refrains
from inquiry _-_ so that he should not know it for certain _\- then he is to
be regarded as knowing the truth. This "turning a blind eye" is far more
blameworthy than mere negligence. Negligence in not knowing the truth is not
equivalent to knowledge of it_. [emphasis added]

139 In _Manifest Shipping Co Ltd v Uni-Polaris Insurance Co Ltd_ [2003] 1 AC
469, Lord Clyde held at [3] that:

Blind-eye knowledge in my judgment requires a _conscious reason for blinding
the eye_. _There must be at least a_ suspicion of _a truth about which you_ do
not want to know _and which you_ refuse _to investigate_. [emphasis added]

and Lord Hobhouse of Woodborough added at [25] that:

_The illuminating question therefore becomes "why did he not inquire?". If the
judge is satisfied that it was because he_ did not want to know for certain,
_then a finding of privity should be made. If, on the other hand, he did not
enquire because he was_ too lazy or he was grossly negligent or believed that
there was nothing wrong, _then privity has_ not _been made out_. [emphasis
added]

140 The Court in _Tan Kiam Peng_ laid down three central principles in wilful
blindness:

123 The first is that wilful blindness is treated, in law, as being the
equivalent of actual knowledge. [emphasis in original]

…

125 The second central principle is that suspicion is legally sufficient to
ground a finding of wilful blindness provided the relevant factual matrix
warrants such a finding and the accused deliberately decides to turn a blind
eye. [emphasis in original]

and at [127]:

wilful blindness, being … the equivalent of actual knowledge, is distinct from
recklessness …

141 Against the background of these authorities, we can say that wilful
blindness will be found against a person if he has a suspicion of the truth
and intentionally refrains from doing anything to allay his suspicion so as to
avoid the truth. In such a situation, although it is recognised that he has no
actual knowledge, his wilful blindness will be regarded as the equivalent of,
actual knowledge, but carelessness or thoughtlessness without the suspicion
and the intention is not wilful blindness.

142 In the case against Tamil, there was no evidence that he suspected that
there were drugs in the car’s bumper, or that he intentionally refrained from
making enquiries (which in the circumstances would be difficult as the driver
and passengers of the car have departed), or to examine the bundles (because
they were not in his possession).

143 As Tamil did not have actual knowledge or equated knowledge of the
cannabis and was not in possession of the drugs, he is not guilty of the
offence he is charged with.

Bala’s defence

144 Bala had not made any admissions after his arrest. He was mentioned in
Azman’s statements, but the observations I made to the references to Tamil
also apply to Bala.

145 However, there is evidence which I accept that Bala had taken the bundles
of cannabis from the bumper and placed them in the blue paper bag in the boot
of SCQ 143 X and had possession of them during that short period of time. This
brings on the presumption in s 18(1), and the question whether the presumption
was rebutted.

146 There was no evidence that he had actual knowledge that the bundles
contained drugs, or cannabis in particular. Was there wilful blindness and
equated knowledge? One can say that he should have suspected that there were
illicit contents in the bundles, but can it be said that he should have
suspected that the contents were drugs or cannabis? Did he have the
opportunity to allay his suspicions? The events from the retrieval of the
bundles in bag to the arrest took place too quickly for him to make enquiries
or to examine the bundles.

147 A finding of wilful blindness is portentous in that a person with no
actual knowledge is equated with having knowledge. Such a finding should be
made only when it is clear that the person had intentionally and deliberately
maintained his ignorance, in circumstances when a reasonable person would have
suspicions and would have made enquires or take other steps to allay his
suspicions. There must be suspicion and intention; carelessness or
thoughtlessness will not suffice. Against this backdrop, I do not find wilful
blindness against Bala because it cannot be said that he had suspected that
the bundles contained cannabis and had deliberately suppressed his suspicions.

148 The prosecution has not shown that Bala had actual or equated knowledge
that there was cannabis in the bundles, or that he was in possession of the
cannabis for the purpose of trafficking, and therefore he is also not guilty
of the offence.

* * *

[note: 1]P86A

[note: 2]P86B

[note: 3]P26 and P105

[note: 4]P27 and P28

[note: 5]P30

[note: 6]P33 – P35 and P39 – P41

[note: 7]P75 and P76

[note: 8]P92

[note: 9]P93

[note: 10]P94

[note: 11]P132 and P132T

[note: 12]P89

[note: 13]See [82]

[note: 14]P97 and P97T

[note: 15]P88

[note: 16]P87

[note: 17]P135–P139

[note: 18]P86B

[note: 19]Notes of Evidence page 1313 lines 7–14

[note: 20]P132 and P132T

[note: 21]P97 and P97T

[note: 22]P97 para 76

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 09 Jul 2010 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

