Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Orion Oil Ltd _v_ Agus Anwar  
[2010] SGHC 356

Case Number| :| Bankruptcy No 1264 of 2009 (Registrar's Appeal No 414 of 2010)  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 08 December 2010  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Tan Lee Meng J  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Balachandran s/o Ponnampalam (Robert Wang & Woo LLC) for
the appellant/defendant; Kelvin Tan Teck San / Natasha Nur bte Sulaiman /
Denise Ng (Drew & Napier LLC) for the respondent/plaintiff.  
Parties| :|  Orion Oil Ltd — Agus Anwar  
  
8 December 2010|  
---|---  
  
Tan Lee Meng J:

1 The appellant, Mr Agus Anwar (“AA”), applied to set aside or stay the
bankruptcy application instituted against him by the respondent, Orion Oil
Limited (“Orion”), a British Virgin Islands company that had previously served
a statutory demand on him. AA’s application was dismissed by Assistant
Registrar Then Ling (“AR Then”) on 11 October 2010. I dismissed the appeal
against AR Then’s decision on 4 November 2010 and now give my reasons for
having done so.

Background

2 Orion lent AA $10 million (“the loan”) pursuant to a loan agreement dated 22
September 2008 and a supplemental agreement dated 24 September 2008. Under the
agreement, the loan amount and interest were to be repaid on 18 December 2008.
AA acknowledged the loan in his correspondence with Orion and promised to
repay. However, he failed to do so.

3 On 18 April 2009, Orion served a statutory demand on AA for the sum of $10.5
million. This amount included interest on the loan furnished to AA.

4 On 7 July 2009, AA applied to set aside Orion’s statutory demand. He argued
that by furnishing him the loan, Orion acted as a moneylender and as the
latter did not have a moneylender’s license, the contract to lend him money
was not enforceable by virtue of the Moneylenders Act (Cap 188, 1985 Rev Ed).
The Assistant Registrar who heard AA’s application took the view that the debt
was disputed on substantial grounds and that there was a triable issue as to
whether the defendant was a moneylender under the Moneylenders Act. The
statutory demand was thus set aside.

5 Orion appealed against the Assistant Registrar’s decision. On 25 August
2009, Lee Seiu Kin J overruled the Assistant Registrar’s decision and upheld
the statutory demand: see _Agus Anwar v Orion Oil Ltd_ [2010] SGHC 6. He
pointed out (at [12]) that AA had a totally unmeritorious case and had “tried
to take advantage of the presumption in s 3 of the [Moneylenders Act] to
escape his obligations, willingly undertaken at the time when he was desperate
for cash, but which he did not want to repay for reasons best known to
himself”.

6 AA’s appeal against Lee J’s decision was dismissed by the Court of Appeal on
9 July 2010.

7 As AA did not pay the amount claimed in the statutory demand, Orion filed
the bankruptcy application on 15 May 2009. AA responded by trying to have the
application set aside or stayed.

8 At the hearing before AR Then, AA relied on two grounds. First, he contended
that the debt to Orion is a disputed debt. Secondly, he asserted that the
bankruptcy petition should be set aside or stayed because Orion already had
security by way of a charge on a property at 39A Ridout Road, Singapore 248438
(the “Ridout property”), which had been sold and part of the proceeds of which
would be paid into court when the sale was completed. AA’s application was
dismissed by AR Then Ling. It is noteworthy that she stated in her notes of
evidence as follows:

Separately, I am mindful of [AA’s] conduct throughout the entire proceedings.
In my view, [AA] is simply trying to delay the proceedings and deny [Orion]
the money owed. The court will not condone such conduct.

The appeal

9 At the hearing of this appeal, AA abandoned his argument that the debt was
disputed. He was right to do so, since this issue had already been raised and
decided in the proceedings before Lee J and the Court of Appeal when he
unsuccessfully sought to set aside the statutory demand. His counsel thus
focussed his attention on the charge on the Ridout property.

10 The Ridout property is owned not by AA but by a company, Ridout Residences
Pte Ltd (“RRPL”), of which he is the sole shareholder and director. AA claims
that the property is held on trust for him. However, AA’s reliance on the
charge on the Ridout property as a ground for setting aside or staying the
bankruptcy application is fraught with difficulties. To begin with - and as AR
Then rightly pointed out - AA is prevented from raising the issue of the
charge on the Ridout property because this issue had been canvassed by him in
earlier proceedings in the High Court and the Court of Appeal with respect to
his application to set aside Orion’s statutory demand against him. In any
case, even if the charge on the Ridout property had not been raised in
previous proceedings, AA knew about this charge when he applied to set aside
the statutory demand. As such, he was prevented by issue estoppel from raising
this issue as well as other issues which he could have raised with reasonable
diligence in the earlier proceedings to set aside the statutory demand. In
_Henderson v Henderson_ (1843-60) All ER Rep 378 (“ _Henderson”_), Wigram VC
explained at pp 381-382:

The plea of _res judicata_ applies, except in special case[s], not only to
points upon which the court was actually required by the parties to form an
opinion and pronounce a judgment, but _to every point which properly belonged
to the subject of litigation and which the parties, exercising reasonable
diligence, might have brought forward at the time_.

[emphasis added]

11 The wider ambit of the plea of _res judicata_ enunciated in _Henderson_ has
been followed on numerous occasions by our courts: see the decision of the
Court of Appeal in _Ng Chee Chong and another v Toh Kouw and another_ [1999] 2
SLR(R) 909.

12 Even if the issue of _res judicata_ is left aside for the moment, AA took
inconsistent positions on the enforceability of the charge on the Ridout
property. While he argued in these proceedings that Orion had a charge on the
Ridout property, his position in other proceedings before the High Court was
that Orion’s charge on the Ridout property could not be enforced because it is
connected to another transaction involving Gainsford Capital Ltd (the
“Gainsford transaction”) that rendered the charge ineffective. In Originating
Summons No 1357 of 2009 (“OS No 1357”), which concerned a claim by an option
holder for specific performance of his contract to purchase the Ridout
property from RRPL, AA made it quite clear in his Affidavit of Evidence-in-
Chief filed on 25 June 2010 that he would oppose any attempt by Orion to
enforce the charge and claim any part of the balance of the sale proceeds of
the Ridout property. AA’s attempt to have the bankruptcy application set aside
or stayed while insisting that this charge is unenforceable cannot be
countenanced. He cannot blow hot and cold.

13 A petitioning creditor is, as was made clear by Harman J in _In Re
Gilmartin (a bankrupt)_ [1989] 1 WLR 513, 516, “entitled to be paid his debt
in full on the hearing of a petition unless it is adjourned on the ground that
there is a reasonable prospect of him being paid within a reasonable time”. It
cannot be said at the present moment that there is a reasonable prospect of
Orion being paid within a reasonable time.

14 As there was insufficient reason for me to set aside or stay the bankruptcy
application. I dismissed AA’s appeal with costs.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 08 Dec 2010 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

