Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Alphomega Research Group Ltd _v_ Nanyang Law LLC  
[2010] SGHC 45

Case Number| :| Suit No 540 of 2009 (Summons No 6121 of 2009)  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 08 February 2010  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Nathaniel Khng AR  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Tan Gim Hai Adrian (Drew & Napier LLC) for the
defendant/applicant; Phillip Anthony Jeyaratnam SC and Ng Hui Min (Rodyk &
Davidson LLP) for the plaintiff/respondent.  
Parties| :|  Alphomega Research Group Ltd — Nanyang Law LLC  
  
8 February 2010| Judgment reserved.  
---|---  
  
Nathaniel Khng AR:

Introduction

1 This is an application (“the Application”) by Alphomega Research Group Ltd
(“Alphomega”) for the setting aside of a default judgment dated 7 July 2009
(“the Default Judgment”) granted to Nanyang Law LLC (“Nanyang”), as well as
the setting aside of two Orders of Court (“the Orders”) and a Writ of Seizure
and Sale (“the WSS”) obtained by Nanyang in connection with the Default
Judgment. The hearing for the Application took place on 18 January 2010. At
the hearing, leave was granted to Alphomega to amend the Application to
include a prayer for the removal of a caveat registered in connection with the
WSS (“the Caveat”), as well as to include an alternative basis for the setting
aside of the Default Judgment, _viz_ , that Alphomega had a defence on the
merits (see [7] below).

2 After counsel for both parties had presented their respective arguments,
judgment was reserved. At my request, further submissions on the applicability
of s 48A of the Interpretation Act (Cap 1, 2002 Rev Ed) were filed and
exchanged on 1 February 2010.

Background facts

3 Nanyang (a law firm) represented Alphomega in two suits, _viz_ , Suit No 49
of 2008 (“Suit 49”) and Suit No 856 of 2008 (“Suit 856”). Suit 49 was an
action by one Dr Tan Choon Yong (“Dr Tan”) against Alphomega and two
directors/shareholders of Alphomega, _viz_ , one Mr Goh Jon Keat (“Mr Goh”)
and one Ms Tan Hui Kiang (“Ms Tan”), for oppression. Suit 856 was an action by
Dr Tan against Alphomega for damages for his summary dismissal from
employment. Suit 49 and Suit 856 were consolidated together with a third suit,
_viz_ , Suit 855 of 2008 (“Suit 855”), by an Order of Court dated 13 November
2008. In the course of the trial, both Suit 855 and Suit 856 were withdrawn.
On 9 February 2009, in the middle of the trial, Sterling Law Corporation
(“Sterling”) was instructed by Alphomega to take over from Nanyang as its
counsel with immediate effect. On 30 April 2009, Tan Lee Meng J gave his
decision in Suit 49 – the decision being in favour of Dr Tan (see _Tan Choon
Yong v Goh Jon Keat_ [2009] 3 SLR(R) 840 (“ _Tan Choon Yong_ ”)).

4 After its discharge, Nanyang proceeded to render invoices to Alphomega for
work that it had done. No payment was made. Subsequently, Alphomega agreed to
taxation of solicitor and client costs. In the proceedings that followed
(referred to hereafter as “the taxation proceedings” for convenience),
Alphomega was represented by Sterling. Eventually, Nanyang was able to obtain
registrar’s certificates for sums payable by Alphomega amounting to a total of
S$332,229.40. Letters were sent in June 2009 by Nanyang to Sterling to demand
payment, as well as to seek confirmation that Sterling could accept service.
In a letter dated 23 June 2009, Sterling wrote to Nanyang to state that it had
“no instructions to act”. Since no payment was made, Nanyang commenced the
present action, _viz_ , Suit 540 of 2009 (“Suit 540”), to recover the amount
of S$332,229.40.

5 The writ of summons for Suit 540 (“the Writ”) was filed on 23 June 2009.
Service of the Writ was purportedly effected by a court clerk of Nanyang (“the
Court Clerk”) on 24 June 2009 at 3.45pm at 6 Sungei Kadut Way, which was the
address of Alphomega’s _place of business_. According to the affidavit of Mr
Ismail Atan (“Mr Atan”), Nanyang’s director of litigation, which was filed on
9 December 2009, service of the Writ was acknowledged by one “Chris”, who
signed and also affixed Alphomega’s stamp on a copy of the Writ. According to
the Accounting and Corporate Regulatory Authority (“ACRA”) records at that
time, the address of Alphomega’s registered office was 141 Market Street
#10-00, which was also the address of Nanyang’s offices, and Nanyang’s
chairman, Mr Ng Kim Tean (“Mr Ng”), was Alphomega’s company secretary.
Previously, in February that year, however, Alphomega had sent a letter to Mr
Ng to inform him that he had been removed from the company secretary position,
and Mr Ng had sent Alphomega a letter of resignation from the position. The
ACRA records, for reasons unknown, were only updated in September to reflect
the change of company secretary. The address of Alphomega’s registered office
also remained unchanged on the ACRA records until September.

6 No appearance was entered by Alphomega, and, on 3 July 2009, judgment in
default of appearance (_ie_ , the Default Judgment) was obtained by Nanyang
for the sum of S$332,229.40. After the Default Judgment was granted, Nanyang
obtained the Orders and the WSS, and registered the Caveat. On 13 November
2009, a Notice of Appointment of Solicitor was filed to give notice that
Sterling had been appointed as solicitors for Alphomega in Suit 540. On 19
November 2009, a Notice of Change of Solicitor was filed to give notice that
Drew & Napier LLC had been appointed as solicitors for Alphomega in place of
Sterling. On 26 November 2009, Alphomega filed the Application. On 10 December
2009, a Notice of Change of Solicitor was filed to give notice that Allen &
Gledhill LLP had been appointed as solicitors for Nanyang. On 8 January 2010,
a Notice of Change of Solicitor was filed to indicate that Rodyk & Davidson
LLP would be Nanyang’s solicitors instead.

Preliminary applications

7 After the filing of the Application on 26 November 2009, Alphomega filed
Summons No 6297 of 2009 (“SUM 6297) and Summons No 6440 of 2009 (“SUM 6440”)
on, respectively, 9 December 2009 and 17 December 2009. SUM 6297 was for the
amendment of the Application to include a prayer for the setting aside of the
Caveat. SUM 6440 was for the amendment of the Application to include the
merits of the defence as an additional basis for the setting aside of the
Default Judgment. At the hearing on 18 January 2010, counsel for Nanyang did
not object to the proposed amendments. As such, I granted Alphomega leave to
amend the Application. The issue of costs was reserved.

Applications for an extension of time

8 In December 2009, Alphomega filed applications for an extension of time to
apply for a review of the taxing registrar’s decision in the taxation
proceedings. On 20 January 2010, the applications were dismissed by an
assistant registrar. An appeal against that decision is now pending.

The submissions

9 Alphomega submitted that the Application had been filed promptly, and the
Default Judgment was irregular and should (along with the Orders, the WSS, and
the Caveat) be set aside _ex debito justitiae_. In this regard, Alphomega
submitted that it had no notice of Suit 540 until 17 November 2009, when a
bailiff visited its premises, and Sterling had confirmed that the Writ was
never served on them. Also, Nanyang should have served the Writ at Alphomega’s
registered office as required under s 387 of the Companies Act (Cap 50, 2006
Rev Ed), even though the address of Alphomega’s registered office was also the
address of Nanyang’s offices, and, as this was not done, the manner of service
was improper. Alphomega added that it had, in any event, not been served with
the Writ, and argued that there was no proof of service other than the Court
Clerk’s affidavit. In this connection, Alphomega pointed out that the copy of
the Writ exhibited in the Court Clerk’s affidavit was not endorsed, denied
that it had an employee by the name of “Chris” and produced Central Provident
Fund (“CPF”) records for May 2009 and June 2009 in support, and claimed that
Nanyang had possession of Alphomega’s rubber stamp during the period when
service was alleged to have been effected.

10 Alphomega further submitted that Nanyang (or Mr Ng, as company secretary,
in particular) had acted in bad faith in failing to inform it of Suit 540, and
that even if the Default Judgment was not deemed to be irregular, Alphomega
had a _prima facie_ defence and ought to be allowed to defend itself against
Nanyang’s claim. In regard to the latter contention, it was submitted that
Nanyang had not been validly appointed by Alphomega to represent it in Suit 49
and Suit 856, Nanyang had acted in the interests of Mr Goh and Ms Tan instead
of the interests of Alphomega, and Mr Goh and Ms Tan had wrongly utilised
Alphomega’s money to pay Nanyang for legal advice given to them in their
personal capacity. Reference was made to the judgment of Tan J, where he
stated (_Tan Choon Yong_ ([3]  _supra_) at [76]–[80]):

76 When considering the actions of Mr Goh and Ms Tan in thwarting Dr Tan at
every turn, the role of the “company’s lawyer”, Mr Ng Kim Tean (“Mr Ng”),
cannot be overlooked. While Dr Tan acted correctly by retaining Drew & Napier
LLC as his personal lawyer to advise him on his problems with his fellow
directors, Mr Goh and Ms Tan utilised the company’s funds to pay for legal
advice given to them with respect to their personal battle against Dr Tan.

77 Mr Ng admitted that he knew that neither the board nor the CEO would
appoint him as the company’s lawyer. All the same, he thought that as Mr Goh
and Ms Tan were the majority shareholders, he could accept _their_ invitation
to become the company’s lawyer. Ms Tan confirmed how useful Mr Ng was to her
“side” when she testified as follows:

Q: ... I suggest to you that the only reason why you wanted ... Nanyang Law
[_ie_ , Nanyang] was ... you felt that Nanyang Law, and especially Mr Ng Kim
Tean [_ie_ , Mr Ng], was on your side? You felt that he was on your side?

A: Yes ...[.]

Q: ... And you preferred them because ... they were helpful to you. You
considered them helpful to you. Right?

A: Yes, they were helpful to us.

78 Mr Ng advised Mr Goh and Ms Tan without informing the CEO, Dr Tan, as to
what was going on behind his back. When cross-examined, Mr Ng accepted that he
had acted inappropriately when he testified as follows:

Q: ... Mr Ng, since there are two camps, do you agree that as the company’s
lawyer, you must take great care to be neutral and not to take sides?

A: I have admitted ... that I should have done that, on hindsight ...[.]

Q: You were not neutral.

A: I was not neutral, that’s right.

Q: That is wrong?

A: That is wrong, in hindsight, yes.

79 When confronted with evidence of oppressive behaviour, Mr Goh often claimed
that he had acted on Mr Ng’s advice. Towards the end of the trial, Mr Ng was
subpoenaed by Mr Goh and Ms Tan, presumably to corroborate their evidence.
This was a colossal mistake as Mr Ng distanced himself from their position and
denied their allegations. Not surprisingly, after Mr Ng had testified, the
company replaced his law firm, which had acted for the company at the trial
for five weeks, with [Sterling], which had the unenviable task of appearing
for the company during the last few days of the trial.

80 What is noteworthy is that when cross-examined, Mr Ng admitted that he
abetted Mr Goh and Ms Tan to “oppress and prejudice” Dr Tan’s rights. After
reviewing the evidence, I find that the use of company funds to pay for Mr
Ng’s services to the majority faction was uncalled for and is another example
of oppression against Dr Tan.

[emphasis in original]

11 Alphomega also claimed that it had the right to set off any amount due to
Nanyang with amounts that had been wrongly paid to Nanyang by Alphomega to
fund the personal legal costs of Mr Goh and Ms Tan. Alphomega, lastly,
submitted that it had certain counterclaims against Nanyang for losses and
damages suffered.

12 Nanyang, in response, submitted that it had acted properly at all material
times. To begin with, Mr Ng had been terminated as company secretary in
February 2009, and various correspondences indicated that it was known and
accepted that he was no longer the company secretary. It was pointed out that
Alphomega was represented by Sterling at the taxation proceedings, and
Alphomega clearly had notice of Suit 540 prior to 17 November 2009, as, _inter
alia_ , a Notice of Appointment of Solicitor was filed on 13 November 2009 to
give notice that Sterling had been appointed as Alphomega’s solicitors. Also,
on 19 June 2009, Nanyang wrote to Sterling to ask whether it could accept
service on behalf of Alphomega, and Sterling’s reply was that it had no
instructions to act.

13 Nanyang submitted that Alphomega’s contentions on service, _ie_ , that
there was a lack of service of the Writ or a lack of proper service of the
Writ, should be dismissed. In regard to whether there was proper service, it
was submitted that if a company’s registered office was abandoned, a party
could choose to serve documents at the company’s place of business. However,
if this mode of service were to be considered to be unacceptable, then the
merits of Alphomega’s case should be considered in the court’s decision on
whether to set aside the Default Judgment. In this respect, it was submitted
that the High Court decision of _Shook Lin & Bok v Yeo Kian Teck_ [1991] 2
SLR(R) 944 (“ _Shook Lin & Bok_”) would be authority that the registrar’s
certificates obtained by Nanyang should be taken as conclusive as to both
liability and quantum, unless set aside on review, and it should not be for
the court to go behind the decision of the taxing registrar in the enforcement
proceedings. As such, Alphomega had no case on the merits, and the Default
Judgment should not be set aside, whether or not service had been properly
effected.

The further submissions

14 The further submissions concerned the applicability of s 48A of the
Interpretation Act, and, in particular, s 48A(1)(_c_) (set out at [24] below),
which states that unless there is a contrary intention, where a written law
requires a document to be served on a person, the document may be served, in
the case of a body corporate, by delivering it to the secretary or other like
officer of the body corporate, or by leaving it at, or by sending it by pre-
paid post to, the registered office or a principal office of the body
corporate.

15 Alphomega submitted that s 387 of the Companies Act would be the provision
that governs service on a company, and any contrary intention apparent from s
387 that circumscribes the operation of s 48A(1)(_c_) of the Interpretation
Act would mean that the latter would not be applicable. Such a contrary
intention would exist, as it is clear that service of documents on companies
has to be in the manner set out in s 387 of the Companies Act. It was added
that no authority can be found to support the application of s 48A(1)(_c_) of
the Interpretation Act, and, in any event, there was non-compliance with the
methods of service set out in that provision.

16 Nanyang submitted that s 387 of the Companies Act would not evince a
contrary intention such as to exclude the methods of service permitted by s
48(1)(_c_) of the Interpretation Act. Section 387 of the Companies Act pre-
dated s 48A of the Interpretation Act, and permitted rather than required a
particular mode of service. It was further argued that since the purpose of
service would be to inform the other party of the commencement of proceedings,
service at the principal place of business, which was the course that Nanyang
had chosen, was plainly sensible.

The basic principles for setting aside default judgments

17 The law relating to the setting aside of default judgments was clarified in
the seminal decision of the Court of Appeal in _Mercurine Pte Ltd v Canberra
Development Pte Ltd_ [2008] 4 SLR(R) 907 (“ _Mercurine_ ”). In that case, the
approach in the English Court of Appeal case of _Faircharm Investments Ltd v
Citibank International plc_ [1998] EWCA 171 (“ _Faircharm_ ”) was adopted with
some qualifications, and it was clarified that the _ex debito justitiae_ rule
would be the starting point for irregularly obtained judgments, although it
may be departed from where proper, and, where this course is taken, the merits
of the defence would be a crucial consideration and the plaintiff would bear
the onus of showing that the defendant would be “bound to lose”.

18 The views of the court were summarised by V K Rajah JA, who delivered the
judgment of the court, in a passage that should be set out in full
(_Mercurine_ at [95]–[99]):

95 To summarise, where the default judgment sought to be set aside is a
_regular_ one, the _Evans v Bartlam_ test (_ie_ , whether the defendant can
show a _prima facie_ defence that raises triable or arguable issues) is
preferable to the _Saudi Eagle_ test both in principle and as a matter of
practical application.

96 Where the default judgment sought to be set aside is an _irregular_ one,
setting aside as of right (_viz_ , the _ex debito justitiae_ rule) remains the
starting point, especially in cases where the irregularity consists of the
premature entry of a default judgment or a failure to give proper notice of
the proceedings to the defendant – _ie_ , in cases where there has been
egregious procedural injustice to the defendant. This starting point may,
however, be departed from where there are proper grounds for doing so. The
court has an unfettered discretion to decide whether the _ex debito justitiae_
rule should be followed, and, in exercising this discretion, it may take into
account, among other factors …:

(a) the blameworthiness of the respective parties (_eg_ , whether there has
been undue delay on the defendant’s part in making its setting-aside
application);

(b) whether the defendant has admitted liability under the default judgment;
and

(c) whether the defendant would be unduly prejudiced if the irregular default
judgment is allowed to stand.

In those instances where the court is of the view that there has been no
procedural injustice of such an egregious nature as to warrant setting aside
the irregular default judgment as of right, the court has to go on to consider
whether to nonetheless set aside the irregular default judgment on some other
basis apart from the _ex debito justitiae_ rule. To this end, it is crucial
for the court to take into account the merits of the defence. Should the court
find that the defendant is “bound to lose” (_per_ Sir Staughton in _Faircharm_
…) if the default judgment is set aside and the matter re-litigated, the court
should ordinarily uphold the default judgment, subject to any variation which
the court deems fit to make and/or any terms which it deems fit to impose.

97 In both types of setting-aside applications – _ie_ , relating to regular
and irregular default judgments respectively – the defendant’s delay in making
the application is a relevant consideration and may be determinative where
there has been undue delay …. As a rule of thumb, the longer the delay, the
more cogent the merits of the setting-aside application have to be.

98 Although the issue of whether the defendant has a defence on the merits is
now a crucial factor with regard to both the setting aside of regular default
judgments and (where the _ex debito justitiae_ rule is not followed) the
setting aside of irregular default judgments, an important distinction remains
between these two types of setting-aside applications. Where the default
judgment has been _regularly_ obtained, the legal burden rests on the
defendant to show that its defence raises triable issues so that,
notwithstanding its default which resulted in judgment being properly entered
against it, the court should exercise its discretion to deprive the plaintiff
of its rights under the (regular) default judgment. In contrast, where it is
alleged that the default judgment was _irregularly_ obtained, the defendant
only needs to establish the irregularity, whether factual or legal (see, _eg_
, _Purwadi v Ung Hooi Leng_ [2003] 4 SLR(R) 292). Once the defendant
discharges this burden and the court finds that the alleged irregular judgment
is indeed irregular, the legal burden falls on the plaintiff to show (based on
the factors outlined at … [96] above) why the judgment should not be set
aside. Even if the plaintiff succeeds in persuading the court that the _ex
debito justitiae_ rule should not be followed, the court may nonetheless still
set aside the irregular default judgment in view of (_inter alia_) the
apparent merits of the defence. As such, where the plaintiff has established
that the irregular default judgment should not be set aside as of right, the
plaintiff will _also_ have to go on to show that the defendant is “bound to
lose” (_per_ Sir Staughton in _Faircharm_ …) in the event that the judgment in
question is set aside and the matter re-litigated. The defendant’s setting-
aside application will ordinarily be dismissed only if the plaintiff manages
to convince the court _both_ that, first, the _ex debito justitiae_ rule
should not be followed _and_ , second, the defence is bound to fail. In other
words, where the defendant seeks to set aside a _regular_ default judgment, it
is for the _defendant_ to establish the merits of its defence (based on _the_
Evans v Bartlam _test_). In contrast, where the defendant seeks to set aside
an _irregular_ default judgment, it is for the _plaintiff_ to show (after it
has successfully persuaded the court that the _ex debito justitiae_ rule
should not be applied) the lack of merit in the defence – based on _the “bound
to lose” test_ – for the purposes of countering the defendant’s setting-aside
application.

99 At the end of the day, given the court’s wide discretion as to whether to
set aside, uphold or vary a default judgment, the list of factors which the
court may take into account when ruling on a setting-aside application is
open-ended. We do not wish to lay down determinative guidelines as to which of
these factors ought to prevail so as not to impose any fetters on the court’s
discretion (for instance, a case could conceivably arise where the plaintiff’s
procedural default offends the essence of due process, but, at the same time,
the defendant’s defence is bound to fail). As this court stated in _Lee Chee
Wei v Tan Hor Peow Victor_ [2007] 3 SLR(R) 537 at [82] apropos the nexus
between procedural and substantive justice:

... The rules of court practice and procedure exist to provide a convenient
framework to facilitate dispute resolution and to serve the ultimate and
overriding objective of justice. Such an objective must never be eclipsed by
blind or pretended fealty to rules of procedure. On the other hand, a
pragmatic approach governed by justice as its overarching aim should not be
viewed as a charter to ignore procedural requirements. _In the ultimate
analysis, each case involving procedural lapses or mishaps must be assessed in
its proper factual matrix and calibrated by reference to the paramount
rationale of dispensing even handed justice_. [emphasis added]

Unnecessary fetters should not be judicially created when the Rules of Court
have themselves conferred on the court an extraordinarily wide discretion to
deal with procedural irregularities. In the ultimate analysis, it must be the
factual matrix itself that determines the appropriate outcome of each setting-
aside application.

[emphasis in original]

Service on companies

19 According to Alphomega, there was either a lack of service of the Writ or a
lack of proper service of the Writ, and, accordingly, the Default Judgment was
irregular.

20 Turning, first, to the issue of whether there was service of the Writ, in
my view, on a balance of probabilities, the Writ had been left at Alphomega’s
place of business, _ie_ , 6 Sungei Kadut Way, as Nanyang had claimed. There
was no reason to doubt the veracity or the truth of what the Court Clerk and
Mr Atan had said in their affidavits. The Court Clerk, it could be added,
described how service was effected in detail in a statutory declaration, and
Ms Tay Wan Ting, a legal executive from Nanyang, explained in another
statutory declaration that the failure to attach a copy of the endorsed Writ
to the Court Clerk’s affidavit was due to an oversight. The suggestion that
Nanyang had affixed Alphomega’s stamp to the Writ is an assertion of dishonest
behaviour that is supported (indirectly) only by the CPF statements proffered
by Alphomega. In my view, although none of the people mentioned in the CPF
statements have the name of “Chris”, more would be needed to counter the clear
evidence provided by Nanyang that indicated that someone from Alphomega had
signed and affixed Alphomega’s stamp to a copy of the Writ.

21 Turning, next, to the issue of whether there was proper service of the
Writ, this issue would invite an analysis of the law on service of originating
process on companies, as no local case has expressly dealt with the question
of whether service of originating process on companies has to be in the manner
prescribed in s 387 of the Companies Act, which states that “[a] document may
be served on a company by leaving it at or sending it by registered post to
the registered office of the company”. Nanyang’s case on the law, in essence,
would be that other methods of service, such as those set out in s 48A(1)(_c_)
of the Interpretation Act, would not be precluded by s 387 of the Companies
Act. Alphomega’s case, in contrast, would be that service could only be proper
if it was in accordance with s 387 of the Companies Act, which would mean that
Nanyang had to serve the Writ at Alphomega’s registered office, irrespective
of whether the address of Alphomega’s registered office was also the address
Nanyang’s offices, and that s 387 would preclude the application of s
48A(1)(_c_) of the Interpretation Act.

22 An appropriate starting point for an analysis of the law on service of
originating process would be the Rules of Court (Cap 322, R 5, 2006 Rev Ed)
(“the Rules”). Service of originating process in general is dealt with in O 10
r 1, which stipulates that there must be personal service for a writ of
summons (and, concomitantly, an originating summons (_per_ O 10 r 5)),
“[s]ubject to the provisions of any written law and [the] Rules”. The
requirement of personal service and the manner in which personal service is to
be effected is dealt with in O 62 rr 1–3. Order 62 r 4, which deals
specifically with personal service on bodies corporate, states that
“[p]ersonal service of a document on a body corporate may, in cases for which
provision is not otherwise made by any written law, be effected by serving it
… on the chairman or president of the body, or the secretary, treasurer or
other similar officer thereof”.

23 It is obvious from the above that the rules relating to service of
originating process allow for the application of other written law on service.
The term “written law” is defined in s 2(1) of the Interpretation Act as
including “all Acts, Ordinances and enactments by whatever name called and
subsidiary legislation made thereunder for the time being in force in
Singapore”. The Interpretation Act is relevant to the interpretation of rules
of civil procedure, as O 1 r 3 of the Rules states that that the
“Interpretation Act … shall apply for the interpretation of [the] Rules as it
applies for the interpretation of an Act of Parliament”. Clearly, s 387 of the
Companies Act, which, as mentioned earlier, states that “[a] document may be
served on a company by leaving it at or sending it by registered post to the
registered office of the company”, could be considered to fall under the term
“written law” for the purposes of O 10 r 1 and O 62 r 4 of the Rules.
Parenthetically, it could be added that the term “document” in s 387 would,
according to s 4(1) of the Companies Act, include “summons, order and other
legal process, and notice and register”.

24 However, it could equally be said that s 48A(1)(_c_) of the Interpretation
Act falls within the term “written law” for the purposes of O 10 r 1 and O 62
r 4 of the Rules. The Explanatory Statement provided for the Statutes
(Miscellaneous Amendments and Repeal) Bill (No 28 of 2000), the bill which
amended the Interpretation Act to include s 48A, indicates that s 48A was
intended to “prescribe rules of substantive law to be implied into legislation
in relation to … service of documents”. That said, s 48A(1)(_c_) states as
follows:

**Service of documents**

**48A**.—(1)  _Where a written law authorises or requires a document to be
served on a person_ , whether the expression “serve”, “give” or “send” or any
other expression is used, then, _unless the contrary intention appears, the
document may be served_ —

…

(_c_) _in the case of a body corporate_ —

(i) by delivering it to the secretary or other like officer of the body
corporate; or

(ii) _by leaving it at, or by sending it by pre-paid post to, the registered
office or a principal office of the body corporate in Singapore_.

…

[emphasis added]

25 Section 48A(1)(_c_) of the Interpretation Act applies where “a written law
authorises or requires a document to be served on a person … unless the
contrary intention appears”. The term “written law”, as had been observed
earlier, would include subsidiary legislation (_per_ s 2(1) of the
Interpretation Act (see [23] above)). Therefore, s 48A(1)(_c_) can be read
with the requirement of personal service of originating process in the Rules,
unless, of course, a contrary intention is apparent. If the qualification were
to be taken at its widest, the issue to be considered in the present context
would be whether the Rules or s 387 of the Companies Act manifests a contrary
intention. In my view, there is no contrary intention in the Rules, as both O
10 r 1 and O 62 r 4 allow for the application of other written law – and the
Interpretation Act would come under the term “written law” for the purposes of
both rules (_per_ s 2(1) of the Interpretation Act (see [23] above)). As for s
387 of the Companies Act, however, there could be a contrary intention if, as
Alphomega argued, service on companies has to be in the manner prescribed by
that provision.

26 Section 387 of the Companies Act, as mentioned, states that “[a] document
may be served on a company by leaving it at or sending it by registered post
to the registered office of the company”. Service of documents at the
registered office of a company will be held to be proper, even if the company
does not receive the documents and even if the company has ceased to have a
link with the registered office. In _Loh Poh Lai v Wei Sheng Marine Services
Pte Ltd_ [1996] 3 SLR(R) 338, Lai Kew Chai J held (at [5]):

Section 387 of the Companies Act (Cap 50, 1994 Ed) provides that service of
documents on a company should be done at its registered office. The onus is on
the controllers of a company to ensure that they put in place a system by
which documents delivered at their registered office are immediately brought
to their attention, even if they have ceased to do business at the premises:
see _Sabatier v The Trading Company_ [1927] 1 Ch 495. In principle it must be
right that service of documents on a company must be at its registered office.
Even if the defendants had ceased to have any link with their registered
office, which was not the situation in this case, they could not be heard to
say that such service was bad. One had to ask: if service at the registered
office was bad, where could a regular service of the writ on the defendants be
effected? The need for certainty is very compelling.

27 Alphomega’s position on the law finds support in _Halsbury’s Laws of
Singapore_ vol 6 (LexisNexis Singapore, 2006 Reissue) (“ _Halsbury’s Laws of
Singapore_ ”), which indicates that service on a company must be effected at
the registered office of a company (at para 70.298):

Service of documents at a company’s registered office is good service even if
the company never receives those documents. _Concomitantly, if documents are
served other than at the company’s registered office, that service is
ineffective_ and a default judgment obtained by a plaintiff may be set aside
_ex debito justitiae_. This is so even if the company has actual notice of the
documents. [emphasis added]

Similarly, in _Walter Woon on Company Law_ (Tan Cheng Han SC gen ed) (Sweet &
Maxwell, Rev 3rd Ed, 2009) (“ _Walter Woon on Company Law_ ”), it has been
stated (at para 10.2):

Service of documents at a company’s registered office in accordance with s 387
is good service even if the company never receives those documents. _The other
side of the coin is that if documents are served other than at the company’s
registered office as provided in s 387, that service is ineffective_ and a
default judgment obtained by a plaintiff may be set aside _ex debito
justitiae_. This is so even if the company has actual notice of the documents.
[emphasis added]

28 The case cited in _Halsbury’s Laws of Singapore_ and _Walter Woon on
Company Law_ as support for the proposition that service has to be at the
registered office of a company would be the Malaysian case of _P T Pelajaran
Nasional Indonesia v Joo Seang & Co Ltd_ [1958] MLJ 113 (“ _P T Pelajaran
Nasional Indonesia_ ”), where a judgment in default was set aside as the
defendant company had not been served at its registered office. In his
judgment, Rigby J stated (_id_ at 115–116):

On the authorities it seems abundantly clear, therefore, that where the law
provides a particular method or form of procedure for effecting service, or a
particular place at which, or to which, service may be effected, then there
must be strict compliance with those provisions, and the Court will set aside
a judgment obtained by default where the requirements have not been complied
with.

29 Amongst the authorities referred to by Rigby J in _P T Pelajaran Nasional
Indonesia_ , only one case appears to be directly relevant to the issue of
service on companies. This would be the case of _Wood v Anderson Foundry Co_
(1888) 36 WR 918 (“ _Wood_ ”), where service in accordance with s 62 of the
Companies Act 1862 (c 89) (UK) (“the Companies Act 1862”), a provision stating
that “[a]ny summons, notice, order, or other document required to be served
upon the company may be served by leaving the same or sending it through the
post in a prepaid letter addressed to the company at their registered office”
was considered. In that case, Stirling J stated (_id_ at 928–929):

… As to the second point, as to how service is to be effected, the rules now
in force have, I think, made a very great change. That is evident by comparing
the Common Law Procedure Act of 1852 with the present rules. Section 16 of
that Act provided as follows:– “Every writ of summons issued against a
corporation aggregate may be served on the mayor or other head officer, or on
the town clerk, clerk, treasurer, or secretary of such corporation …”[.] …

Now, under the present rules, ord. 72, r. 2, must first be considered. That
rule provides that where no other provision is made by the Act or rules the
existing procedure and practice is to remain in force. We have therefore, to
see whether any provision is made by the rules with reference to service upon
corporations. The material rule is ord. 9, r. 8, which provides that “in the
absence of any statutory provision regulating service of process, every writ
of summons issued against a corporation aggregate may be served on the mayor
or other head officer …; and where by any statute provision is made for
service of any writ of summons … or other process upon any corporation … every
writ of summons may be served in the manner so provided.” So that the words,
which in the Common Law Procedure Act, s. 16, stood unqualified and absolute,
are now governed by these words – “in the absence of any statutory provision
regulating service of process.” … We have … to consider whether the present
case is governed by any statutory provision within the rule.

The company was registered under the [Companies Act 1862], and section 62 of
that Act provides that any summons or document required to be served upon a
company may be served by leaving the same or sending it through the post in a
prepaid letter addressed to the company at their registered office. The words
of the concluding clause of the rule are very remarkable, and bear evidence
that it was framed to meet this case, and that view is confirmed by looking at
the previous set of rules, which were rather differently worded, and the word
“summons” seems to be introduced here for the purpose of introducing the
provision contained in section 62 …. Therefore, the writ of summons … must be
served in [the] manner provided by that section [_ie_ , s 62], and no choice
is given to the plaintiff. …

30 In a subsequent case, _viz_ , _Pearks, Gunston & Tee Limited v Richardson_
[1902] 1 KB 91 (“ _Pearks, Gunston & Tee Limited_”), Lord Alverstone CJ
expressed a similar opinion, stating (at 92) that “in the absence of any
legislation or of any rule of practice lawfully made by a competent authority,
the service of … a summons upon a company should be in the manner prescribed
by s. 62 of the [Companies Act 1862]”. He added (_id_ at 93) that there “is no
doubt that writs and other proceedings, both in the High Court and in the
county court, must be served on a limited company in the manner required by s.
62”. The same sentiments were reiterated in _Vignes v Stephen Smith & Co_
(1909) 53 SJ 716 (“ _Vignes_ ”) in respect to a similar provision. The brief
judgment of Eve J, in full, would be as follows (_id_ at 716):

On the 8th of July last the plaintiff issued a writ for trespass, damages, and
costs. On the same day he took the writ down to the works of the company where
they carried on business, and where he saw a building with “office” written
over it, and there he served the writ. Now it turns out that that was not the
registered office of the company, and the defendants launched this motion to
set aside the writ in the action. The ground of the application is that the
writ must be served on the company in the manner directed by the statute. Ord.
9, r. 8, provides that where by any statute provision is made for service of
any writ of summons on any body or number of persons, whether corporate or
unincorporate, every writ of summons may be served in the manner so provided.
Here the defendant company is incorporated, and by section 116 of the
Companies Consolidation Act, 1908, it is provided that “a document may be
served on a company by leaving it at or sending it by post to the registered
office of the company.” Now counsel for the plaintiff points out that the
words in the section and in the rule are “may be served” and not “must be
served,” and he says that the court may look at the surrounding circumstances
and say whether the fact that the writ has been issued has been brought home
to the company, and whether the company have not done all that is necessary
for that purpose, and he cited cases where the writ was not set aside, though
the rule had not been strictly adhered to. Those cases were mostly cases of
foreign companies, and are not really germane to the present case. Here the
question is whether it is competent to serve a company with a writ except in
the prescribed form. I am precluded by the decisions cited by the defendants’
counsel [_viz_ , _inter alia_ , _Wood_ and _Pearks, Gunston & Tee Limited_]
from holding that the writ has been properly served. The rule and the section
clearly indicate that the only way in which a writ can be served on a company
is by leaving it at or sending it by post to the registered office. There will
therefore be an order setting aside the writ.

31 The provisions considered in _Wood_ ([29]  _supra_), _Pearks, Gunston & Tee
Limited_, and _Vignes_ would be similar to s 387 of the Companies Act, and
these provisions would be predecessors to s 437 of the Companies Act 1948 (c
38) (UK) (“the Companies Act 1948”). Section 437 of the Companies Act 1948,
like s 387 of the Companies Act, states that a “document may be served on a
company by leaving it at or sending it by post to the registered office of the
company”. Section 437 of the Companies Act 1948 would be one of two provisions
that s 387 of the Companies Act could be said to be based on (see, in this
respect, the sidenote provided for s 387). In _Davies v British Geon Ltd_
[1957] 1 QB 1 (“ _Davies_ ”), Harman J made reference to s 437 of the
Companies Act 1948 in the following fashion (at 19–20):

[I]f the defendants were a foreign corporation having a factory at Barry, as
they have, it may well be that a writ could be served on the company there.
But this is not a foreign corporation; it is a company limited under the
Companies Acts and can only be served at its registered office (Companies Act,
1948, s. 437). Service, therefore, on this company at Barry would be bad. The
defendants have their registered office in London and must be served there
unless their solicitors are willing to accept service.

32 A second provision that s 387 of the Companies Act could be said to have
been based on would be s 362 of the Companies Act 1961 (Vic) (“the Companies
Act 1961”) (see, again, the sidenote provided for s 387). No relevant case law
on s 362 appears to exist, but there is case law on an earlier provision,
_viz_ , s 252 of the Companies Act 1958 (Vic) (“the Companies Act 1958”),
which, similar to s 387 of the Companies Act, states that a “document may be
served on a company by leaving it at or sending it by post to the registered
office”. In _Eagles v Eagles_ [1960] VR 400 (“ _Eagles_ ”), the Supreme Court
of Victoria had to consider s 252 of the Companies Act 1958. One issue was
whether the service of a writ of summons on a manager of a branch of the
defendant bank was acceptable. Even though there was a letter that showed that
the defendant bank was aware of the proceedings, Pape J held that service was
not proper. He held (_id_ at 400–401):

The writ was on 18 September 1959 served upon the second defendant, the
Commercial Banking Co. of Sydney Ltd., by delivering a copy thereof to the
manager of the Geelong branch, the branch through which the money was advanced
upon the mortgage. This service was irregular, inasmuch as there was no
evidence that the branch office at 36 Malop Street, was the registered office
of the company (see _Companies Act_ 1958, ss. 252 and 299), and no order had
been made under s.109 of the _Instruments Act_ 1958\. This irregularity might
have been cured had the bank entered an appearance to the writ, but in this
case no such appearance was entered. The authorities show that O. IX, rule 6
requires that service on a corporation should be in accordance with any
statutory provision regulating such service … and that service at any office
of the corporation other than the registered office is bad [citing, _inter
alia_ , _Wood_ ([29]  _supra_)] …. The evidence in this case included that of
Keith Clement Cumberland, the acting manager of the defendant bank’s branch at
Geelong, and he produced a letter which indicated that the defendant bank was
aware of the proceedings but, in my view, that does not make the service good
service. … I think that service of the writ ought to be made in accordance
with either s. 252 or s. 299 of the Companies Act. [italics in original]

33 In _Peters v Oscar Mayer Pty Ltd_ [1963] VR 390 (“ _Peters_ ”), s 252 of
the Companies Act 1958 was considered again. The case concerned an application
for judicial review of a conviction under the Health Act 1958 (Vic) (“the
Health Act”). A notice to inform of an intention to have the sausages of the
defendant company analysed was sent, pursuant to s 281 of the Health Act, to
the address of the defendant company that was shown on the label of a packet
of sausages. However, this address was not the defendant company’s registered
office, and one issue that was raised was that service was not proper, having
regard to s 252 of the Companies Act 1958. The Full Court of the Supreme Court
of Victoria expressed its opinion as follows (at 395):

... All that s. 281 requires is the sending of the notice and of the sample to
the seller. …

One further matter should be referred to.

Mr Burbank contended that service of the notice and of the sample was
ineffective because of the provisions of s. 252 of _Companies Act_ 1958 which
provide: “A document may be served on a company by leaving it at or sending it
by post to the registered office of the company”.

This enactment does not purport to provide an exclusive mode of effecting
service on a company. It provides what will be sufficient leaving other
methods open of proving effective service: cf. [_Eagles_], where Pape, J.,
held that consistently with specific rules of court service of process at the
registered office of a company was required in the particular case.

[emphasis added]

34 Although the court in _Peters_ held that s 252 “does not purport to provide
an exclusive mode of effecting service on a company … [but] … provides what
will be sufficient leaving other methods open of proving effective service”,
the court did not overrule _Eagles_ , but sought to _distinguish_ it by
indicating that the rules of civil procedure on service of process required
service at the registered office in the latter case. The opinion of the court,
in other words, would appear to be that s 252, in itself, should not be
interpreted as precluding other forms of effective service, but due to certain
circumstances, such as the requirements of rules of civil procedure, the
methods of proper service on a company could be limited to that which was set
out in the provision. Interestingly, _Wood_ ([29]  _supra_), _Vignes_ ([30]
_supra_), and _Eagles_ ([32]  _supra_), which were cases prior to _Peters_
that gave more than a cursory examination of the requirements for service on
companies, could possibly be said to be consistent with the opinion of the
court in _Peters_ , as rules of civil procedure appear to have been
significant considerations _vis-à-vis_ the decisions that service had to be in
the manner prescribed in the provisions similar to s 387 of the Companies Act.

35 In _Wood_ , Stirling J placed emphasis on a rule that contained the
following phrase: “[W]here by any statute provision is made for service of any
writ of summons … or other process upon any corporation … every writ of
summons may be served in the manner so provided” (see [29] above). In _Vignes_
, Eve J made reference to a rule that, in his words, stated: “[W]here by any
statute provision is made for service of any writ of summons on any body or
number of persons, whether corporate or unincorporate, every writ of summons
may be served in the manner so provided” (see [30] above). Eve J later
concluded that the “rule and the section clearly indicate that the only way in
which a writ can be served on a company is by leaving it at or sending it by
post to the registered office” (see [30] above). And in _Eagles_ , the case
that the court in _Peters_ distinguished, Pape J took cognisance of a rule
that, in his words, stated: “[S]ervice on a corporation should be in
accordance with any statutory provision regulating such service” (see [32]
above). None of the courts in the aforementioned three cases appear to have
based their conclusions solely on the operation of the provisions similar to s
387 of the Companies Act.

36 In terms of case law from England and Australia on the statutory provisions
that form the heritage of s 387 of the Companies Act, _Peters_ appears to be
the _final_ case before the enactment of s 387 of the Companies Act in 1967
(as s 350 of the Companies Act (Act 42 of 1967) (“the Companies Act 1967”))
that considered whether companies had to be served in the manner set out in
such provisions. Bearing that in mind, as well as taking into consideration
the judgments in _Woods_ , _Vignes_ , and _Eagles_ , in my view, it is
plausible that the legislative intention behind the enactment of s 387 (as s
350 of the Companies Act 1967) was that the provision should not, in itself,
operate to preclude other forms of effective service, and there is no cogent
reason for rejecting such an interpretation. Such an interpretation, it could
be added, would not be contrary with a plain reading of the provision.

37 If s 387 does not operate restrictively, there is nothing to prevent
originating process from being served on companies in the manner provided by s
48A(1)(_c_) of the Interpretation Act, _viz_ , by delivering it to the
secretary or other like officer of the company, or by leaving it at, or by
sending it by pre-paid post to, the registered office or a principal office of
the company. One may, however, be slow to choose not to serve documents at the
registered office of a company; in terms of service at a principal office for
instance, there is always the possibility of disputes over whether the place
of service is a principal office or not. In this connection, the _dicta_ of V
C George J in _Yew Leek Enterprise Sdn Bhd v Foong Engineering & Constructions
Works Sdn Bhd_ [1990] 2 MLJ 62, although in reference to Malaysian law (which
is not in _pari materia_ with Singapore law), is instructive (at 63):

No doubt a prudent solicitor will not take the risk of attempting to serve a
writ at what he understands to be the principal office of the defendant
corporation because whether it is the principal office or not could be the
subject of dispute.

38 In its further submissions, Nanyang claimed that it had served the Writ at
the principal office of Alphomega. In _Lee Boon Tatt & Ors v Takhdir Trading
Sdn Bhd_ [1984] 2 MLJ 341, it was held (at 342), in commonsensical fashion,
that “principal office … should mean the _principal place of business of the
corporation_ ” [emphasis added]. Alphomega did not deny that its place of
business was at 6 Sungei Kadut Way, and, from the documents attached to the
various affidavits, it would appear that its _principal_ place of business can
be considered to be at that same address. For one, Alphomega’s letterhead up
to late 2009 had the address of 6 Sungei Kadut Way, and many correspondences
were sent by Nanyang to that address. Incidentally, in Alphomega’s Small Offer
Document dated 15 August 2007, which could be found in the affidavit of Mr Ng
that was filed on 6 January 2010, Alphomega had stated, under the heading
“Where you can find us”, that “[o]ur _principal office_ is located at 6 Sungei
Kadut Way” [emphasis added]. Having regard to all the evidence, in my view,
the place where Nanyang had effected service could be considered to be a
“principal office” of Alphomega, and, for the reasons above, such service was
good service.

39 To sum up, my view would be that Nanyang had served the Writ at a location
that could be considered to be Alphomega’s principal office and such service
was good service, and, therefore, the Default Judgment was regular.

The merits of the defence

40 Alphomega submitted that even if the Default Judgment was not deemed to be
irregular, it had a _prima facie_ defence and ought to be allowed to defend
itself. Nanyang’s claim, however, was based on the registrar’s certificates it
had obtained, and O 59 r 33 of the Rules states that a registrar’s certificate
“unless set aside, shall be conclusive as to the amount thereof”. Nanyang’s
arguments against the merits of Alphomega’s putative defence centred on the
High Court decision of _Shook Lin & Bok_ ([13]  _supra_), which considered O
59 r 33. In that case, Michael Hwang JC held (at [19]–[20]):

19 Under O 59 r 33 of the Rules of the Supreme Court 1970, the certificate of
the Registrar upon taxation “unless set aside, shall be conclusive as to the
amount thereof”. _There was no application to set aside the certificate of the
deputy registrar and accordingly I saw no defence to a claim based on that
certificate_.

20 _Defence counsel sought to argue that the rule only precludes an argument
about quantum and not as to liability. I could not accept that argument_.

[emphasis added]

41 In the affidavits filed in support of the Application, it was not denied
that Alphomega had agreed to the taxation of solicitor and client costs, and
it was also not denied that Alphomega was represented throughout the taxation
proceedings by Sterling. Having regard to O 59 r 33 of the Rules and its
interpretation in _Shook Lin & Bok_, it is clear that registrar’s certificates
are conclusive evidence as to the amount of costs properly due to a party
unless set aside. In _Shook Lin & Bok_, the defendants failed to challenge an
order for taxation, and this situation was described (at [21]) by Hwang JC as
being “analogous to an interlocutory judgment for damages to be assessed with
the taxation being comparable to an assessment of damages”. In a similar vein,
the present situation could be said to be analogous to a consent judgment for
damages to be assessed with the taxation proceedings being akin to the
assessment of damages proceedings. To conclude, based on the current state of
the law, which was not seriously challenged, Alphomega has no _prima facie_
defence and has failed to raise triable or arguable issues.

Conclusion

42 For the foregoing reasons, the Application is dismissed. I will hear
parties on the issue of costs.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 08 Feb 2010 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

