Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  AAY and others _v_ AAZ  
[2010] SGHC 350

Case Number| :| Suit Y (Summons A and Summons B)  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 02 December 2010  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Chan Seng Onn J  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Davinder Singh SC and Joan Lim (Drew and Napier LLC)
(counsel) and Chia Chor Leong (Citilegal LLC) (solicitors) for the plaintiffs;
Michael Hwang SC and Katie Chung (counsel) and Wong Yoke Cheng Leona (Allen &
Gledhill LLP) (solicitors) for the defendant.  
Parties| :|  AAY and others — AAZ  
  
2 December 2010|  
---|---  
  
Chan Seng Onn J:

Introduction

1 Summons A (“Sum A”) was the defendant’s application under O 20 r 1 of the
Rules of Court (Cap 322, R5, 2006 Rev Ed) (“ROC”) for an amendment to be made
to the wording of an Order of Court dated August 2007 (“the Order of Court”)
made in connection with Summons B (“Sum B”). Subsequent to the hearing of Sum
A which took place in March 2010, the parties wanted to settle the matter.
Accordingly, I deferred making a decision on the application. However, after
waiting more than seven months for the outcome of the settlement negotiations,
I called the parties to attend before me in October 2010 and gave the parties
one more week to settle the matter. At the next hearing in November 2010, the
matter remained unresolved. As I was not prepared to delay the matter any
further, I rendered my decision in November 2010.

2 The defendant’s application in Sum A to amend the Order of Court was
occasioned by a dispute between the parties as to whether the Judgment made in
June 2009 (“the Judgment”) in respect of Suit Y of 2006 (“Suit Y”) ought to be
published in view of the plaintiffs’ application in Sum B and the Order of
Court that was granted pursuant to it. Sum B was an application by the
plaintiffs for:

1\. **[Suit Y] to be heard** **_in camera_** **;**

2\. **any judgment pronounced or delivered in [Suit Y] not be made available
for public inspection;**

3\. the time for service of [Sum B] be abridged; and

4\. the Court give such further directions as may be necessary.

[emphasis in original in bold italics; emphasis added in bold]

Sum B further stated that the application was:

... made pursuant to [_sic_] sections 8(2) and 8(3) of the _Supreme Court of
Judicature Act_ and Order 42 Rule 2 of the _Rules of Court_ and/or sections 22
and 23 of the _International Arbitration Act_ and Order 69A Rule 3(1)(a) of
the _Rules of Court_. The application is made to preserve the confidentiality
of matters referred to arbitration. [emphasis in original]

In August 2009, I heard the plaintiffs’ application in Sum B and the Order of
Court was filed by the plaintiffs to record the order that I made at the
hearing. The Order of Court stated:

_UPON THE APPLICATION_ on the part of the Plaintiffs pursuant to sections 8(2)
and 8(3) of the _Supreme Court of Judicature Act_ and Order 42 rule 2 of the
_Rules of Court_ and/or sections 22 and 23 of the _International Arbitration
Act_ and Order 69A Rule 3(1)(a) of the _Rules of Court_ made by way of Summons
Entered No. [B] coming on for hearing this day _AND UPON HEARING_ Counsel for
the Plaintiffs and Counsel for the Defendant _IT IS ORDERED_ : -

1\. The time for service of the application be abridged.

2\. [**Suit Y] be heard**** _in camera_**.

3\. **The decision on prayer 2 of the application be adjourned for hearing on
a date to be fixed**.

4\. The costs of and arising from the application be costs in the cause.

5\. Liberty to apply.

[emphasis in original underlined and/or italicised; emphasis added in bold]

In Sum A, the defendant sought to amend the Order of Court such that paragraph
2 would read as such:

2\. [Suit Y] be heard _otherwise than in open court, pursuant to the
Plaintiffs’ application under section 22 of the International Arbitration Act
(Cap 143A, 2002 Rev Ed) (the “IAA”)__~~in camera~~_.”

3 The plaintiffs argued that O 42 r 2 of the ROC governs proceedings heard in
camera whereas s 23 of the International Arbitration Act (Cap 143, 2002 Rev
Ed) (“IAA”) governs proceedings heard “otherwise than in open court”. They
submitted that as the proceedings were _in camera_ (following the plaintiffs’
application for this in Sum B and the Order of Court granted subsequently for
the proceedings to be heard **_in camera_**), there was an absolute bar to
publication of the Judgment. It was the defendant’s position that the
plaintiffs’ application eventually proceeded under s 22 of the IAA and that s
23(3)(b) and s 23(4) of the IAA applied such that, at the very least, a
redacted version of the Judgment could be published.

4 Notwithstanding the language of the Order of Court, the defendant submitted
that the court’s true meaning in making the order in Sum B in August 2007 was
that it was an order being made pursuant to ss 22 and 23 of the IAA. As such,
the defendant applied, via Sum A, for the Order of Court to be amended to
reflect this.

The events leading to Sum A

5 In August 2007, the plaintiffs filed Sum B. The text of the application is
quoted above at [2]. The supporting affidavit for the plaintiffs’ application
only referred to s22 and s23 of the IAA. No mention was made of s 8 of the
Supreme Court of Judicature Act (Cap 322, 2007 Rev Ed) (“SCJA”) or O 42 r 2 of
the ROC. The relevant paragraphs are:

4\. Sections 22 and 23 of the IAA implicitly recognise the confidential nature
of arbitrations by allowing the Court to hold any proceedings under the IAA
“otherwise than in Open Court” and restrict the publication of any information
relating to such proceedings respectively.

5\. The confidentiality inherent in arbitration proceedings should extend to
the current action. Sections 22 and 23 of the IAA are clear illustrations of
the public policy in keeping arbitrations, and all proceedings related to
arbitrations, confidential. This policy has to be jealously guarded in order
to advance Singapore’s attractiveness as an international arbitration hub.

6\. Further, it is expedient in the interests of justice and/or there is
sufficient reason that the current action be heard _in camera_ and that any
judgment pronounced or delivered in the current action not be available for
public inspection.

7\. The Defendant has alleged, _inter alia_ , that the Plaintiffs have waived
the confidentiality of the arbitration proceedings. The Plaintiffs do not
agree. There will be no prejudice to the Defendant if the current action is
heard _in camera_ until the issue of waiver has been decided. On the other
hand, there will be irreparable prejudice to the Plaintiffs if the proceedings
are not heard _in camera_ and it is later held that there has been no waiver.

[emphasis in italics in original]

6 The hearing of the application took place in August 2007. All parties at the
hearing, as well as the Court, dealt with the application on the basis of s 22
and s 23 of the IAA rather than s 8 of the SCJA. No mention was made of O 42 r
2 of the ROC. I allowed prayer 1 of the plaintiffs’ application for Suit Y to
be heard _in camera_ but deferred making a decision on prayer 2 concerning the
availability of the Judgment for public inspection. Liberty to apply was
granted to both parties.

7 In June 2009, I handed down my Judgment, dismissing the plaintiffs’ claims
in Suit Y. Each party subsequently gave an undertaking of confidentiality in
relation to the Judgment until the plaintiffs’ application under s23 of the
IAA was heard. The undertakings of confidentiality expressly stated that the
plaintiffs’ application to preserve confidentiality would be made under s23 of
the IAA. The plaintiffs’ undertaking was set out in a fax dated June 2009
which read:

We … undertake that copies of the judgment and/or grounds of decision rendered
in the captioned matter will not be distributed to non-parties to the
captioned matter until the Plaintiffs’ application under s 23 of the
International Arbitration Act (Cap 143A, 2002 Rev Ed) is heard and determined.

The defendant’s undertaking was set out in a fax dated June 2009 and read:

As requested by His Honour, we … jointly undertake that the said judgment be
kept confidential and that it will not be released or copied pending a hearing
to be fixed … for the hearing of the Plaintiffs’ application under section 23
of the International Arbitration Act, Cap 143A concerning the restriction of
the publication of the judgment.

8 In July 2009, solicitors for the defendant submitted a written request for
the Judgment to be made available for public inspection without redacting the
identity of the parties. The request mentioned that the plaintiffs had
indicated that they would be making an application pursuant to s 23 of the IAA
(which deals with restrictions on the reporting of proceedings heard otherwise
than in open court).

9 The solicitors for the plaintiffs objected to the defendant’s request. The
reasons for the plaintiffs’ objection were set out in a letter dated July 2009
which stated:

17\. As a preliminary point, the Plaintiffs have given instructions to file a
Notice of Appeal against the Judgment. As the Judgment would be subject to
appeal, the Court cannot rule out the prospect that the Court of Appeal may
come to a decision which is different from that in the Judgment. As such, it
would be premature for Your Honour to rule on the Plaintiffs’ application
under section 23 of the IAA until the matter has been fully and finally
determined by the Court of Appeal.

18\. If Your Honour is minded to give directions at this stage, the Plaintiffs
request that Your Honour give directions to the effect that the Judgment
remain confidential.

**_Section 23 of the IAA_**

19\. The Plaintiffs’ application is brought under section 23 of the IAA which
states:

…

21\. While Your Honour may give directions permitting the publication of the
Judgment if Your Honour considers it to be of major legal interest, under s
23(4) of the IAA, this must be subject to such publication not revealing any
matter, including the identity of the parties, which any party to the Suit
reasonably wishes to remain confidential.

22\. For the following reasons, the Plaintiffs’ position is that the
unredacted version of the Judgment does not meet the requirements set out in
s23(4).

…

The plaintiffs’ letter made no reference to O 42 r 2 of the ROC. Rather, the
plaintiffs’ objection to publication of the Judgment proceeded on the basis of
the plaintiffs’ application under s23 of the IAA to keep the Judgment
confidential. Paragraph 21 of the letter provided that directions may be given
permitting the publication of the Judgment if it was of major legal interest
and if the Judgment was sufficiently redacted.

10 In July 2009, Sum B was fixed for further hearing and the plaintiffs
submitted, pursuant to s23 of the IAA, that the Judgment should be kept
confidential and unpublished pending the outcome of the plaintiffs’ appeal to
the Court of Appeal against the Judgment. I granted the plaintiffs’
application save that a copy of the unredacted version of the Judgment may be
given to the arbitrator and the costs draftsmen of the defendant’s solicitors
on their undertaking to keep the Judgment confidential.

11 The plaintiffs filed an appeal against the whole of the Judgment in July
2009.

12 In October 2009, the plaintiffs filed an application to the Court of Appeal
for the appeal to be heard _otherwise than in open court_ and for an order,
_inter alia_ , that in any judgment pronounced or delivered in the appeal,
there would be no publication of the identity of the parties to the
proceedings and/or of any matter which would enable any member of the public
to deduce the identities of the parties. This was granted by a consent order
in November 2009. The hearing before the Court of Appeal was in November 2009.

13 The Court of Appeal delivered its decision on the plaintiffs’ appeal
against the Judgment in November 2009.

14 In November 2009, the defendant, by way of a fax, requested for the issue
of confidentiality and publication of the Judgment to be revisited.
Subsequently, the parties exchanged correspondence and in its letter dated
March 2010, the defendant stated at paragraph 7 that “[i]f necessary, the
Defendant will apply under Order 20 rule 11 of the Rules of Court for an
amendment to the wording of the [Order of Court] made.”

15 In March 2010, the defendant applied, via Sum A, supported by an affidavit
of the defendant’s solicitor, for the Order of Court to be amended (as
discussed above at [2]).

Decision on Sum A

16 The plaintiffs submitted that the defendant’s application for an amendment
of the Order of Court should not be allowed for the following reasons:

(a) The _in camera_ order was not a “clerical mistake” or an “accidental slip
or omission” which could be amended by the court under O 20 r 11 of the ROC;

(b) Even if the _in camera_ order was made due to a mistake as to its legal
effect (_ie_ , the absolute bar on publication) or a misunderstanding, the
Court had no jurisdiction to amend its own order and the defendant’s remedy
lay in an appeal for which the defendant was out of time; and

(c) The court had no jurisdiction to entertain the application to rehear or
alter the _in camera_ order into an order of a fundamentally different nature.

17 I disagreed with the plaintiffs. In my opinion, the _in camera_ order was
an accidental slip or omission which could be amended under O 20 r 11 of the
ROC because it was clear to the parties at the hearing in August 2007 that I
had intended, when I made the orders recorded in the Order of Court, for Suit
Y to be heard “otherwise than in open court” pursuant to ss 22 and 23 of the
IAA.

18 O 20 r 11 of the ROC states:

Amendment of judgment and orders (O 20 r 11)

11\. Clerical mistakes in judgments or orders, or errors arising therein from
any accidental slip or omission, may at any time be corrected by the Court by
summons without an appeal.

The commentary to O 20 r 11 in _Singapore Civil Procedure_ (Sweet & Maxwell,
2007) states (at 20/11/1):

The error or omission must be an error in expressing the manifest intention of
the court; the court cannot correct a mistake of its own in law or otherwise,
even though apparent on the face of the order (_Charles Bright & Co Ltd v
Sellar_ [1904] 1 KB 6, CA; _Re Gist_ [1904] 1 Ch 398 at 408) such as a mistake
due to a misunderstanding of a rule or legislation (_Bentley v O’Sullivan_
[1925] WN 95).

19 In view of the events leading to the defendant’s application in Sum A (see
[5] – [15] above), I agreed with the defendant that the court’s true meaning
and manifest intention in making the order which was recorded in the Order of
Court was that it was an order being made pursuant to sections 22 and 23 of
the IAA and O 69A r 3(1)(a) of the ROC, _i.e_. for the proceedings to be held
“otherwise than in open court”, as opposed to s 8(2) and s 8(3) of the SCJA
and O 42 r 2 of the ROC. This is evident from [129] of the Judgment where I
stated that:

Even in the present suit, the application under s 22 of the IAA was made in
[SUM B] to preserve confidentiality only one day before the trial, and heard
on the first day of trial…

That this was the parties’ understanding of the Order of Court is also
reflected in the submissions and letters from both parties, as detailed above.
Additionally, the Order of Court specifically stated that the Court’s decision
on prayer 2 of the plaintiffs’ application (_ie_ for any judgment pronounced
or delivered in Suit Y not to be made available for public inspection) was to
be adjourned for hearing on a date to be fixed. After the conclusion of the
trial, the plaintiffs brought an application under s 23 of the IAA to restrain
publication of the unredacted version of the Judgment (see [10] above). This
clearly indicated that the parties had understood that the order for the
hearing to be _in camera_ was made pursuant to ss 22 and 23 of the IAA and
that no decision had been made in August 2007 to bar publication of the
Judgment. I therefore allowed the defendant’s application to amend the Order
of Court to reflect this correct position.

20 Whilst I agreed with the plaintiffs’ submission that a mistake as to the
legal effect of a court order is not a ground for amending the court order
(see _Molnlycke AB and anor v Proctor and Gamble Limited and ors (No. 6)_
[1993] FRS 154), I noted that there is a difference between a mistake as to
the legal effect of a court order and a mistake in the use of words to express
the court’s manifest intention. In the former scenario, the court and the
parties intended for the order to be made but did not realise its effect
whereas in the latter case, the parties intended for a particular order to be
made but this intention was not accurately captured in the wording of the
court order. In the latter scenario, the error may be corrected by the Court
pursuant to O 20 r 11 of the ROC. In the present case, contrary to the
plaintiffs’ submission, the _in camera_ order had not been made due to a
mistake or misunderstanding as to the legal effect of such an order. Rather,
the court had clearly intended to make an order for the hearing to be heard
otherwise than in open court pursuant to ss 22 and 23 of the IAA but had used
the words “ _in camera_ ” to express such an intention.

21 The plaintiffs had also sought to rely on the cases _Regina v Cripps, ex
parte Muldoon_ [1984] QB 686 and _Preston Banking Company v William Allsup &
Sons_ [1895] 1 Ch 141 in which the English courts had stated that a trial
judge or a court cannot reconsider a final and regular decision once it has
been perfected, even if it has been obtained by fraud. In my opinion, these
cases did not assist the plaintiffs. The rationale behind the decisions in
these cases is that a court should not be allowed to consider or vary his
decisions once an order has been perfected. In the present case, an amendment
of the Order of Court would accurately reflect the decision that was actually
made in August 2007 and did not vary that decision in any way.

Decision on the publication of the Judgment

22 Having allowed the defendant’s application to amend the Order of Court, the
issue then became whether the Judgment should be published where the hearing
had been held otherwise than in open court pursuant to ss 22 and 23 of the
IAA.

23 Sections 22 and 23 of the IAA provide as follows:

**Proceedings to be heard otherwise than in open court**

**22**. Proceedings under this Act in any court shall, on the application of
any party to the proceedings, be heard otherwise than in open court.

**Restrictions on reporting of proceedings heard otherwise than in open
court**

**23**. —(1) This section shall apply to proceedings under this Act in any
court heard otherwise than in open court.

(2) A court hearing any proceedings to which this section applies shall, on
the application of any party to the proceedings, give directions as to whether
any and, if so, what information relating to the proceedings may be published.

(3) A court shall not give a direction under subsection (2) permitting
information to be published unless —

(a) all parties to the proceedings agree that such information may be
published; or

(b) the court is satisfied that the information, if published in accordance
with such directions as it may give, would not reveal any matter, including
the identity of any party to the proceedings, that any party to the
proceedings reasonably wishes to remain confidential.

(4) Notwithstanding subsection (3), where a court gives grounds of decision
for a judgment in respect of proceedings to which this section applies and
considers that judgment to be of major legal interest, the court shall direct
that reports of the judgment may be published in law reports and professional
publications but, if any party to the proceedings reasonably wishes to conceal
any matter, including the fact that he was such a party, the court shall —

(a) give directions as to the action that shall be taken to conceal that
matter in those reports; and

(b) if it considers that a report published in accordance with directions
given under paragraph (_a_) would be likely to reveal that matter, direct that
no report shall be published until after the end of such period, not exceeding
10 years, as it considers appropriate.

24 Section 23(3)(b), read with s 23(2), allowed for the publication of the
Judgment, on the application of either party to the proceedings, if it was
sufficiently redacted to conceal all matters that the parties reasonably
wished to be concealed. In my opinion, the redacted version of the Judgment,
which had been approved by both parties, adequately concealed the identities
of the parties to the proceedings in Suit Y and other matters which the
plaintiffs wished to remain confidential. Accordingly, I had the discretion to
give directions concerning the redacting and publication of the redacted
Judgment.

25 The plaintiffs submitted that I should not allow the Judgment to be
published for three main reasons. First, the plaintiffs claimed that to allow
publication of the Judgment would undermine the Court of Appeal’s direction
that the Court of Appeal’s decision should remain confidential. The parties
disagreed as to the directions given by the Court of Appeal with regards to
the confidentiality of its decision. The plaintiffs claimed that the Court of
Appeal had directed that its decision should be kept confidential with liberty
to the parties to apply for directions if there was a change in circumstances.
On the other hand, the defendant claimed that the Court of Appeal merely
directed that the relevant application to publish the Court of Appeal’s
decision should first be filed and the Court of Appeal would then decide the
matter upon hearing the application. Until then, the Court of Appeal’s
decision would remain confidential. Regardless of the actual order made by the
Court of Appeal with regards to publication of the Court of Appeal’s decision,
it suffices for me to note that the Court of Appeal has not specifically
directed that there shall be no publication of the redacted Judgment (of the
High Court).

26 Second, the plaintiffs argued against publication of the Judgment on the
ground that since the Court of Appeal had not published its decision,
publication of the High Court Judgment would lead to unhelpful speculation as
to which of the grounds the Court of Appeal agreed or disagreed with. I agreed
with the defendant that this should not be a concern militating against
publication.

27 Third, the plaintiffs’ claimed that publication of the Judgment would
defeat the general principle in Singapore’s arbitration law that arbitrations
are not only private but also confidential. I agreed with the defendant that
the confidentiality of the arbitration was sufficiently preserved by redacting
the Judgment to be published.

28 In any event, section 23(4) of the IAA allows the publication of any
judgment considered by the Court to be of “major legal interest” in accordance
with directions given by the Court to conceal any matter reasonably desired by
any party to the proceedings. The Judgment in issue considered the most recent
jurisprudence on confidentiality in arbitration, including the recent English
Court of Appeal decision of _Emmott v Michael Wilson & Partners_ [2008] EWCA
Civ 184 (“ _Emmott_ ”). The decision in _Emmott_ had never been discussed by a
Court in Singapore. The Judgment in issue contained a comprehensive discussion
on the law of confidentiality in arbitration and set out the legal position on
the implied obligation of confidentiality in arbitration. I took the view that
the Judgment was of major legal interest and its publication after redacting
was justified.

29 Even if I had dismissed the defendant’s application to amend the Order of
Court in Sum A such that the proceedings were indeed heard _in camera_ , I
disagreed with the plaintiffs’ submissions that this would be an absolute bar
to publication of the Judgment. The application in Sum B for the
confidentiality of the proceedings was granted pursuant to s 22 of the IAA.
The plaintiffs submitted that regardless of whether the _in camera_ order was
made under s 22 of the IAA or s 8 of the SCJA, the common law and O 42 r 2 of
the ROC barred publication of the judgment. Order 42 rule 2 provides that:

Judgment in proceedings heard in camera

2\. Where proceedings are heard in camera pursuant to any written law, any
judgment pronounced or delivered in such proceedings shall not be available
for public inspection except that the Court may, on such terms as it may
impose, allow an inspection of such judgment by, or a copy thereof to be
furnished to, a person who is not a party to the proceedings.

The plaintiffs claimed that O 42 r 2 of the ROC applies specifically to
proceedings heard _in camera_ whilst s 23 of the IAA only imposes restrictions
on the reporting of proceedings heard _otherwise than in open court_. The
plaintiffs relied on the maxim _generalia specialibus non derogant_ to argue
that O 42 r 2 takes precedence over s23 of the IAA in the event that a hearing
is held _in camera_. The plaintiffs also cited the cases of _Clibbery v Allan
and anor_ [2002] EWCA Civ 45 and _Department of Economics, Policy and
Development of the City of Moscow and another v Bankers Trust Co and another_
[2004] EWCA Civ 314 (“ _Department of Economics, Policy and Development of the
City of Moscow v Bankers Trust Co_ ”), as authority for the proposition that
there should be no subsequent publication of information arising from
proceedings heard in camera.

30 The maxim _generalia specialibus non derogant_ provides that “where the
literal meaning of a general enactment covers a situation for which specific
provision is made by another enactment contained in an earlier Act, it is
presumed that the situation was intended to be dealt with by the specific
provision rather than the later general one” (Francis Bennion, _Statutory
interpretation: a code_ , London: LexisNexis 2008, 5th Ed at p306). In my
opinion, the maxim did not apply in the plaintiffs’ favour in the present
case. Section 23 of the IAA deals specifically with proceedings under the IAA
whilst O 42 r 2 of the ROC deals generally with proceedings held _in camera_.
Section 23 of the IAA cannot be construed as a general enactment vis-à-vis O
42 r 2 of the ROC on the issue of proceedings heard in camera. Section 23 of
the IAA deals in detail with the situation where proceedings under the IAA are
heard otherwise than in open court (including where the proceedings are heard
_in camera_) and should be applied in the present case instead of the cases
cited by the Appellant as listed in the preceding paragraph. Moreover, in
_Department of Economics, Policy and Development of the City of Moscow v
Bankers Trust Co_ , the English Court of Appeal accepted that where judgment
could be given without disclosing significant confidential information, the
public interest in ensuring appropriate standards of fairness in the conduct
of arbitrations militated in favour of a public judgment, even though the
hearing might have been in private. In the words of Mance LJ at [39]:

Further, even though the hearing may have been in private, the court should,
when preparing and giving judgment, bear in mind that any judgment should be
given in public, where this can be done without disclosing significant
confidential information… Arbitration is an important feature of
international, commercial and financial life, and there is legitimate interest
in its operation and practice. The desirability of a public judgment is
particularly present in any case where a judgment involves points of law or
practice which may offer future guidance to lawyers or practitioners…

Even if the defendant had not applied to amend the Order of Court, I would
agree with the defendant that s 23 of the IAA applied, instead of O 42 r 2 of
the ROC, so that publication of the Judgment (with the appropriate redactions)
may be ordered where the hearing was held _in camera_ pursuant to an
application granted on the basis of ss 22 and 23 of the IAA.

Conclusion

31 For the foregoing reasons, I allowed the defendant’s application in Sum A
to amend the Order of Court and ordered that the redacted version of the
Judgment may be published. I further ordered that without the leave of the
court, there shall be no disclosure of the unredacted Judgment and the
identities of the persons, entities and matters anonymised in the redacted
version of the Judgment. After hearing the parties on costs, I decided that
there should be no order as to costs.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 02 Dec 2010 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

