Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Tan Siew Ling _v_ United Overseas Bank Ltd  
[2010] SGHC 43

Case Number| :| Originating Summons Bankruptcy No 40 of 2009 (Registrar's
Appeal No 436 of 2009)  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 05 February 2010  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Philip Pillai JC  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Ranvir Kumar Singh (Instructed Counsel) (Surian &
Partners) for the plaintiff; Hri Kumar Nair SC and Tham Feei Sy (Drew & Napier
LLC) for the defendant.  
Parties| :|  Tan Siew Ling — United Overseas Bank Ltd  
  
5 February 2010|  
---|---  
  
Philip Pillai JC:

1 This was an appeal against the Assistant Registrar’s dismissal of the
plaintiff’s application to set aside the defendant’s statutory demand of USD
10,309,708.87 and grant of leave to the defendant to file a bankruptcy
application against the plaintiff after the day of that order.

2 The appeal was based on rr 98(2)(b) and (e) of the Bankruptcy Rules (Cap 20,
R 1, 2006 Rev Ed) (“ _Bankruptcy Rules_ ”) _viz_ that the statutory demand is
disputed on grounds which appear to the court to be substantial or that the
court is satisfied on other grounds that the demand ought to be set aside,
respectively.

3 It was common ground that the test to be applied by the court in this
determination is the same as the test to be applied for the grant of summary
judgment pursuant to Order 14 of the Rules of Court (Cap 322, R 5, Rev Ed),
_ie_ whether or not there are triable issues to go to trial.

Is there a triable issue that the guarantee has been discharged by reason of
impairment caused by the defendant?

4 The plaintiff argued that she was discharged from the joint and several
continuing guarantee or that at least there was a genuine triable issue on
whether or not she had been discharged.

5 The threshold for this court is helpfully set out by the Court of Appeal in
_Wee Soon Kim Anthony v Lim Chor Pee CA_ [2006] 2 SLR(R) at [19] that there is
“some real doubt about the question, thus a triable issue, upon which further
evidence or arguments [are] required.” In _Manjit Kaur Monica v Standard
Chartered Bank_ [2000] SGHC 205, Woo Bih Li JC (as he then was) adopted the
formulation in _Eyota Pty Ltd v Hanave Pty Ltd_ (1994) 12 ACSR 785 at 787-788
by McLelland CJ in the following terms:

It is, however, necessary to consider the meaning of the expression “genuine
dispute” where it occurs in [s 459H of the Corporations Law]. In my opinion
that expression connotes a plausible contention requiring investigations, and
raises much the same sort of consideration as the “serious question to be
tried” criterion which arises on an application for an interlocutory
injunction or for the extension or removal of a caveat. This does not mean
that the court must accept uncritically as giving rise to a genuine dispute,
every statement in an affidavits “however equivocal, lacking in precision,
inconsistent with undisputed contemporary documents or other statements by the
same deponent, or inherently improbable in itself, it may be “sufficient
_prima facie_ plaudibility to merit further investigation as to [its] truth”
(cf _Eng Mee Yong v Letchumann_ [1980] AC 331 at 341), or “a patently feeble
legal argument or an assertion of acts unsupported by evidence”: cf _South
Australia v Wall_ (1980) 24 SASR 189 at 194.

6 With respect to valid counterclaims, set-off or cross demands, _Goh Chin
Soon v Overseas-Chinese Banking Corporation Ltd_ [2001] SGHC 17, per Lee Seiu
Kin JC (as he then was) is also germane:

Rule 98(2)(a) provides that the court shall set aside the [Statutory Demand
(the “SD”)] if the debtor appears to have a _valid_ counterclaim, set-off or
cross demand which exceeds the amount of the debts in the SD. The word “valid”
is placed there for good reason. It requires the court to examine the alleged
counterclaim, set-off or cross demand to see if the debtor has a _bona fide_
claim against the creditor that, if successful, would enable him to pay the
debt the subject of the statutory demand. If all that rule 98(2)(a) requires
were the mere existence of such a claim, no matter how spurious, then it will
be only too easy for a debtor to make such a claim in order to stave off
bankruptcy proceedings. … [emphasis in original]

7 The plaintiff cited _Bank of Montreal v Wilder_ [1986] 2 S.C.R. 551 for the
proposition that a guarantee is discharged where the creditor impairs the
security, increases risk or causes default. The plaintiff referred to the
following sequence of events in support of her position that the guarantee had
been discharged by impairment caused by the defendant.

8 The defendant granted credit facilities to EP Carriers Pte Ltd on 11 March
2008. In December 2008 following restructuring discussions it was agreed that
the credit facilities would be novated to Linford Pte Ltd whilst the security
given to support credit facilities, including a mortgage on the vessel “Eagle
Prestige” would remain. However, new documents would be signed together with a
continuing guarantee (“Guarantee”) provided by the plaintiff to the defendant.
On 2 December 2008 prior to the completion of the novation and security
documents, the vessel “Eagle Prestige” was arrested by TS Lines Ltd and sold
by way of judicial sale. The writ of arrest escaped the notice of the
defendant which proceeded to complete the novation and security documents.

9 It was the plaintiff’s case that the sale of the vessel caused her loss and
that the defendant ought to have conducted proper searches in connection with
perfecting its security, following which they would have discovered the arrest
writ. The plaintiff’s argument was that had the defendant discovered the
arrest writ, they would not have proceeded with the novation because it would
not have met the bank’s preconditions to the novated facilities and security.
It was argued that had the defendant not proceeded with the novated facilities
and security, EP Carriers Pte Ltd would have remained as borrower and TS Lines
Ltd would have stood lower in ranking against the vessel _vis-à-vis_ the
defendant’s mortgage over the vessel. As the new mortgage under novation was
effected after the _in rem_ writ, but before arrest, it was argued that by
this omission, the Guarantee had been impaired. In other words, the plaintiff
argued that had the defendant been vigilant in its searches, it would not have
proceeded with the novation and security and the defendant could have resisted
the arrest and sale or claimed against the sale proceeds. This was because the
defendant, under the original security had mortgagor’s priority for the
indebtedness far in excess of TS Lines Ltd which arrested the vessel.
Accordingly, it was argued that the statutory demand which was founded on the
Guarantee had by law been discharged and the statutory demand on which it was
founded was substantially disputed.

10 The defendant replied that the plaintiff’s case was based on the defendant
breaching a purported obligation, where the defendant owed no such obligation.
Even if the novation had not been carried out, the same guarantors would have
been liable for the debt under the previous guarantees. Even if the security
was impaired, the impairment was only of the magnitude of USD 1.16m and not
for the defendant’s full statutory demand of USD 10,309,708.87. To the
plaintiff’s reliance on set offs and counterclaims to the Guarantee, the
defendant referred to Clauses 1, 4 and 9 of the Guarantee which expressly
excluded the right to raise them on a call on the guarantee: see _Bauer v The
Bank of Montreal_ [1980] 2 SCR 102 at 108\. It was further argued that even if
the defendant had taken full priority and proceeded against the vessel, the
plaintiff would still have no defence against the claim of USD 10,309,708.87
as there would have remained owing and payable the sum of USD 8m. In any
event, TS Line Ltd’s claims had not crystallized and the sale proceeds
remained with the sheriff as their claims have been disputed.

11 It was further the defendant’s position that it was only obliged to set off
value of any security which only the guarantors have given. In this case, the
relevant security was security provided by third parties. At the time the
defendant issued its statutory demand, USD 10,309,708.87 was outstanding and
not paid. The defendant had and has since received nothing by way of other
security.

12 In any event, the defendant’s failure to make a search or discover the
admiralty writ was not a breach on the part of the defendant. The obligation
was placed on the borrower and mortgagor with particular reference to clause 3
of the representations and warranties in the mortgage, that there were no
writs pending against the vessel as of 22 December 2008 where in fact the
admiralty writ had been issued on 2 December 2008. Once the vessel had been
arrested, clauses 6.2 and 10 of the mortgage obliged the borrower to have the
vessel released. The defendant submitted that it was disingenuous for the
plaintiff, who was a director and controller of the corporate borrowers, not
having complied with these obligations, to now argue that the security had
been impaired by the defendant’s failure to make a search or discover the
admiralty writ which it was not obliged to do. The defendant submitted that
accordingly, it had not breached any obligations which would lead to the
discharge of the guarantee under the authority of _Bank of Montreal v Wilder_
, above, at [7].

13 Finally, on the question of whether an excessive demand in the statutory
demand compels the conclusion that the statutory demand is defective, it was
submitted by the defendant that if the evidence was that the plaintiff could
not pay the undisputed sum, nothing could be served by setting aside the
statutory demand. This was because the next step is to issue a fresh statutory
demand. The pivotal consideration of the court was whether the plaintiff had a
defence of the whole amount and not just the USD 1.61m or USD 1.97m claimed by
the plaintiff to have been lost in the arrest of the vessel.

14 The plaintiff conceded that there had been no breach by the defendant of an
express obligation under the novation agreement and security documents. It was
conceded that she bore the heavy burden to establish that the obligation was a
term of the guarantee by implied term or a collateral contract or by
misrepresentation.

15 Having carefully considered the written and oral submissions and
authorities cited I found that no triable issues have been made out which
would be sufficient to justify the setting aside of the defendant’s statutory
demand. The issues that have been run by the plaintiff were naturally raised
in order to avoid the anticipated consequences of an unsatisfied statutory
demand, _viz_ , bankruptcy. It did not mean, however, that any defences
asserted would necessarily result in the setting aside of the statutory
demand. The first threshold was whether these defences raised triable issues.
The gist of the argument made before me was that the defendant had caused an
impairment of the security by reason of its not having conducted the relevant
register searches, which in the first place, it was never contractually
expressly obliged to do.

Would such impairment have matched or exceeded the statutory demand?

16 Even if I were to have found that a triable issue relating to the
impairment of the guarantee exists, the question remains whether the effect of
such counterclaim would be to fully meet the statutory demand amount of USD
10,309,708.87.

17 The plaintiff submitted that the prejudice suffered by her was the whole
claim made by defendant, _viz_ , USD 10,309,708.87 plus the USD 1.61m, which
were the sums she was supposed to pay. In the alternative, she submitted that
the extent of prejudice was the difference in the value of the vessel for the
purpose of novating and the net sale proceeds. The plaintiff then relied on
the valuation of the vessel at USD 8.2m in connection with the facility and
submitted that the prejudice was the difference between USD 8.2m and
S$1,974,492.79 (the net sale proceeds).

18 I found no merit in those submissions. The plaintiff’s claim would not in
my view, in any event, have equalled or exceeded the amount stated in the
statutory demand and accordingly this application and appeal was flawed at the
outset. There was therefore no justification for this court to exercise its
powers under Rule 98(2)(a) of the _Bankruptcy Rules_ (see also _Goh Chin Soon
and anor v Vickers Capital Ltd_ [2000] 3 SLR(R) 977). I would also add, for
the purposes of this application, that there was also no justification for
this court to exercise its power under Rule 98(2)(e) of the Bankruptcy Rules.

Ought a fresh statutory demand be required to be issued in these
circumstances?

19 As I have found that even if triable issues were to exist, they would not
have extinguished the whole of the statutory demand, the next question was
whether the statutory demand was liable to be set aside and the defendant
obligated to issue a fresh one. In the circumstances before me, I saw no
purpose in requiring the defendant to issue a fresh statutory demand.

20 Accordingly, the appeal was dismissed and the plaintiff was ordered to pay
the costs of the appeal to defendant, which was to be agreed or taxed.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 05 Feb 2010 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

