Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Rockline Ltd and another _v_ Silverlink Holdings Ltd and another (Schroder
Venture Managers Inc and another, third parties) and another suit  
[2010] SGHC 251

Case Number| :| Suit No 834 of 2005 and Suit No 375 of 2007  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 26 August 2010  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Choo Han Teck J  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Indranee Rajah SC, Rakesh Kirpalani, Tan Shou Min and
Arvindran Manoosegaran (Drew & Napier LLP) for the plaintiffs; Kannan Ramesh,
Eddee Ng, Cheryl Koh and Emmeline Lim (Tan Kok Quan Partnership) for the
defendants in Suit No 834 of 2005 and the 1st to 4th and 7th to 9th defendants
in Suit No 375 of 2007; S Suressh and Lin Zhurong James (Harry Elias
Partnership) for the third parties; Vinodh Coomaraswamy SC and David Chan
(ShookLin & Bok LLP) for Schroders plc (watching brief); Francis Xavier SC and
Tang Hui Jing (Rajah & Tann LLP) for Overseas Hotels Limited (watching brief).  
Parties| :|  Rockline Ltd and another — Silverlink Holdings Ltd and another
(Schroder Venture Managers Inc and another, third parties)  
  
26 August 2010| Judgment reserved.  
---|---  
  
Choo Han Teck J:

1 In _Rockline Ltd and another v Silverlink Holdings Ltd and another_ [2010]
SGHC 127 (“the Main Judgment”) I found in favour of the plaintiffs on the
failure of the defendants to issue the “SAP Notes”. Subsequently, parties were
ordered to submit on the appropriate remedies and reliefs. This is my decision
on the question of the reliefs.

2 The plaintiffs sought an order for the Rockline Note to be issued directly
to Rockline, and for the Superon Note to be issued directly to Superon. The
plaintiffs also submitted that the effective interest was 5.07% for the SAP
Notes, which should be capitalised as principal. It was also contended that
the redemption premium was 20.28%. Further, the plaintiffs took the position
that the Rockline Note and Superon Note ought to have been issued on 17 August
2003 and 27 November 2002 respectively. Apart from the above, the plaintiffs
argued that the Debenture and Share Pledge Agreement (“the Security
Documents”) should be declared as security for the SAP Notes, and that AVL
should be declared as holding the security as trustee for the plaintiffs prior
to its assignment to Overseas Holding Limited (“OHL”). In this connection, the
plaintiffs submitted that the court ought to declare that the novation of the
security was wrongful, and that OHL was not a bona fide purchaser for value
without notice. It followed that OHL must be declared to hold the security on
trust for the plaintiffs. Lastly, the plaintiffs claimed damages from the
defendants for, _inter alia_ , costs of enforcement, loss of chance to exit
its investment in Silverlink in November 2007, and damages arising from the
loss of rights pertaining to the non-issuance of the SAP Notes.

3 The plaintiffs contended that the Rockline and Superon Notes should have
been issued on 17 August 2003 and 27 November 2002 respectively. The
defendants’ case was that SAP’s advisors had acquiesced to the deferment of
the issuance of the SAP Notes when negotiations on the Debenture Pledge
Agreement (“DPA”) were ongoing. They submitted that the interest as well as
the redemption premium should therefore have commenced after 4 November 2003
when the negotiations failed. In any event, the defendants contended that
Superon tendered its shares in Argent only in June 2003, and an encumbrance on
the said shares was cleared only on or about 15 July 2003.

4 In the Main Judgment (at [14]), I expressed my doubts as to whether advisors
to transactions such as the present one had the authority to bind their
principals. Looking at the evidence (or lack of it), I am not convinced that
the SAP entities (as opposed to their advisors) had acquiesced to the
deferment. However, I agree with the defendants that the earliest date for
Superon to tender its indirect interest in Silverlink would be after the
resolution of the encumbrance issue. In the circumstances, I find that the
Superon Note ought to have been issued on 15 July 2003, and the Rockline Note
on 17 August 2003. Accordingly, interest and redemption premium would run from
those dates.

5 In the Participation Agreement involving SVAPF and Argent, it was agreed
that Silverlink would be allowed to block SVAPF’s conversion notice provided
that both Silverlink’s board and shareholders had given their approval. In
that event, the repayment date of the SVAPF Note would be extended by two
years from 30 June 2008 to 30 June 2010, and the annual redemption premium
would be doubled from 10% to 20%. Counsel for the plaintiffs submitted that
the variations made in the Participation Agreement ought to apply to the SAP
Notes as well as the SVAPF Note. I do not think so. First, the claims for
enhanced benefits were not pleaded in the present suit. Secondly, the
amendments were made by way of a separate agreement to which SAP was not a
party.[note: 1] Under the Rockline Repurchase Agreement (“RRA”), the Note to
be issued to Rockline was to be “a secured convertible note to be issued by
the Purchaser in substantially the form and substance of the [SVAPF] Note with
necessary amendments but otherwise ranking pari passu with the [SVAPF] Note”.
In my view, this meant that the SAP Notes were to be identical to the SVAPF
Note as at the time of the RRA. In the absence of any tag-along rights, I
could not see how the plaintiffs could have the benefit of someone else’s side
agreement to which they were not parties to and with which they had no
contractual right to tag-along. As for the plaintiffs’ submissions that Mr
Thadani had confirmed on the witness stand that the plaintiffs had been
wrongfully denied the enhanced benefits and that the varied rights were
supposed to apply to the SAP Notes as well,[note: 2] the evidence in fact
showed that neither Mr Thadani nor Silverlink had taken any position in this
respect.

6 Next, the plaintiffs argued that they could have prevented the blocking of
the conversion notice since one of the sub-conditions to Condition 9 of the
SAP Notes required their prior written consent before the passing of any
Silverlink shareholder’s resolution (which under condition 10.2 of the
Participation Agreement is required to block a conversion). However, I do not
think that this could have assisted the plaintiffs. Being in a position to
prevent a conversion and being entitled to a binding variation are distinct
propositions. Further, I do not accept the plaintiffs’ claim that its right to
convert had any connection with the expiry date of the SAP Notes, the two
being separate considerations. The interest provided for under the SAP Notes
was on an “actual/360 basis” (see condition 4(C) of the Notes). The plaintiffs
submitted that this meant that the actual payable interest would be 5.07%, and
that the redemption premium ought to be 10.14%. Since the plaintiffs’ pleaded
case was for 5% and 10% respectively, they cannot now ask for a higher
effective rate of interest or redemption premium. Lastly, the plaintiffs
contended that interest ought to be capitalised. This was also not pleaded.
Apart from pointing out the obvious defect, the defendants also pointed to the
fact that no evidence had been put forward to show that the plaintiff would
have given a capitalisation notice to Silverlink if the SAP Notes had been
issued. Although this might have been an academic issue (as the SAP Notes were
never issued), silence and inaction cannot discharge the burden of proof. The
plaintiffs ought to have prayed for and proven their case for capitalised
interest.

7 I had found that AVL did agree to hold the SAP Notes as nominee for SAP
although there was no agreement on SVAPF Control. This finding was necessary
from an issue that arose at trial (see prayer 1 of the Third Party Notice
_i.e_. whether “it was agreed [that]... Anchor Victory would hold and control
the Superon Note and the Rockline Note...”). The plaintiffs now seek a
declaration that AVL held the Security Documents as trustee for them. In this
respect, the defendants’ position was aligned with the plaintiffs as the
former also took the view that the plaintiffs “are protected by the security
created by the Debenture and Share Pledge Agreement”.[note: 3] However, as
pointed out by counsel for the third parties, AVL’s involvement in these
proceedings was limited only to the Third Party Notice and the Statement of
Claim filed by the defendants. In other words, AVL had not been subject to any
claim(s) by the plaintiffs. In the circumstances, I agree with counsel that
the declaratory relief sought for by the plaintiffs should not be granted as
that would prejudice the third parties. It follows that there is no necessity
for me to decide on the substantive defences raised by AVL in its written
submissions.

8 OHL was a non-party to the action who had been accorded “liberty to address
the court on terms as the court may direct at the end of trial”. In view of
the latter directions, I was prepared to hear OHL as to the appropriate
remedies and relief. OHL, through its counsel, made no submissions. In the
plaintiffs’ written submissions, the latter sought a declaration that OHL was
not a _bona fide_ purchaser (of the security) for value without notice and as
such, presently holds the Debenture and Share Pledge Agreement on trust for
the plaintiffs. In this regard, it should also be recalled that the plaintiffs
had opposed OHL’s application to intervene in the action. It also follows that
as in the case of AVL, OHL had not been subject to any claims by the
plaintiffs. For the same reasons, no orders ought to be made against it. In
any case, the substantive defences raised by AVL must first be determined
before any liability on OHL’s part could arise.

9 The plaintiffs contended that they had suffered damage that was beyond the
value of the SAP Notes even if the principal, interest and redemption premium
due were eventually repaid. Their claims for damages can be grouped under
three broad categories: (i) Loss of security; (ii) Loss of chance to exit
their investment in Silverlink; and (iii) Loss of rights under the SAP Notes.

i. Loss of security

The plaintiffs’ original (and pleaded) case was that Silverlink failed to take
steps to ensure that the SAP Notes would be secured by the Security Documents
(see para 49(c)). They now contend that Silverlink had breached condition
10(A) of the SAP Notes by agreeing to the novation of the Security from AVL to
OHL, causing them to lose the security. The plaintiffs claimed for costs of
enforcement which they would now have to incur for having lost the Debenture
and Share Pledge Agreement as security[note: 4]. The said condition 10(A)
provided as follows:

The Company may not assign, transfer or otherwise dispose of all or any part
of its rights or obligations under the Note without the prior written consent
of the Noteholder.

In my view, the submission advanced by the plaintiffs was predicated on the
assumption that AVL held the Security Documents for the benefit of the SVAPF
Note as well as the SAP Notes. As I have indicated earlier, this issue was
beyond the court’s jurisdiction because AVL had not been subject to any claim
from the plaintiffs. While it appeared that the Security Documents were
intended to cover both the SVAPF Note and the SAP Notes, the questions of
whether the documentation in fact provided for them (which AVL disputes) and
whether AVL had agreed to hold the Security as trustee for the plaintiffs were
not issues in this action. In view of the aforesaid, I make no finding as to
whether the defendants are liable for wrongful novation.

ii. Loss of chance to exit the investment

The plaintiffs sought damages arising from their loss of chance to exit their
investment in Silverlink together with SVAPF and Lee Hing in November 2007\.
They averred that SVAPF would not have been able to sell the SVAPF Note to OHL
without SAP’s consent to the novation, and SAP could have made it a condition
of their consent that OHL purchase the SAP Notes at face value and buy-out
Asia Atlas’ and Rockline’s shares in Silverlink. The plaintiffs claim herein
was essentially one for the loss of chance to sell their shares (or those of
entities related to them) in Silverlink. In _Auston International Group Ltd
and another v Ng Swee Hua_ [2009] 4 SLR(R) 628, the Court of Appeal reaffirmed
_Allied Maples Group Ltd v Simmons & Simmons_ [1995] 1 WLR 1602 in relation to
loss of chance. In my opinion, the plaintiffs’ claim for loss of chance failed
as no evidence was led on the issue, notwithstanding the fact that the
plaintiffs already had the benefit of counsel at the point OHL appeared. This
strongly suggested that the “chance” was a speculative one (as opposed to a
substantial one).

iii. Loss of rights under the SAP Notes

There was no doubt that the SAP Notes conferred a range of rights to their
holder. The plaintiffs averred that the loss of the general undertakings had
rendered them “financially blind”, while the loss of the veto rights denied
them the opportunity to influence Silverlink’s business decisions and to
protect their investment in Silverlink. Damages were also sought for the loss
of conversion rights. The loss of a right or undertaking does not in itself
entitle a party to substantial damages. One must prove, on a balance of
probabilities, that he or she had suffered damage as a result of the breach.
For instance, the loss of conversion rights must be attended by proof that the
plaintiffs would have exercised those rights if not for the breach, and have
incurred a loss for not being able to do so. Likewise, the loss of “veto
rights” resulting in an inability to influence business decisions must also be
matched with evidence of actual damage. As in the claim for loss of chance,
the plaintiffs did not lead any evidence to prove that they had incurred any
damage.

10 There was, however, an instance of loss of an undertaking which entails
greater attention. This relates to the US$40m pro-rata rights issue at US$1
per share. It is the plaintiffs’ case that they have the right to veto any
Silverlink rights issue by virtue of Condition 9(B)(ii)(dd) of the SAP Notes,
which essentially required the plaintiffs’ prior written consent. The
plaintiffs submitted that they had been massively diluted and that the
defendants ought to pay damages on the basis that their Silverlink shares were
worth US$10 apiece (which was the price OHL paid earlier) if not for the
rights issue. The plaintiffs’ claim in this respect was essentially one for
minority oppression masquerading as a claim for loss of veto right. It is
clear that a separate claim ought to have been filed in which the plaintiffs
ought to have explained, _inter alia_ , why they did not take up their
entitlement of the pro-rata rights. As far as the SAP entities _qua_ creditors
(_viz_ the SAP Notes) were concerned, the rights issue was no doubt a positive
development as US$40m had been injected into Silverlink by way of additional
share capital, thereby improving the prospects of recovery for all creditors.
No loss could possibly have flown from the rights issue to SAP in its capacity
as creditor.

11 For the above reasons, I find that that the plaintiffs’ losses have not
been proved, and they did not suffer any damages beyond the value of the
principal, interest and redemption premium. They are each therefore entitled
to only nominal damages of $100.

12 The last substantive issue pertains to whether the defendants should be
ordered to issue the SAP Notes. Specific performance is an equitable remedy
that is usually granted only when damages would not be adequate. In the
present instance, the plaintiffs contended that without the SAP Notes, it
would, _inter alia_ , be difficult for them to enforce the Security as a court
is “not likely to be able to interpret the provisions of the Debenture and
Share Pledge Agreement”.[note: 5] The plaintiffs also claimed that without the
SAP Notes, they remained unsecured creditors of Silverlink.

13 First there was no reason to suggest that the Security Documents could not
be understood without the SAP Notes. Secondly, the plaintiffs’ assertion that
they would be rendered unsecured without the SAP Notes was not consistent with
the position they had taken against the third parties. Their position against
AVL was that the latter held the Security Documents as trustee for the
plaintiffs, notwithstanding that it was common ground among all parties that
the SAP Notes had never been issued. As such, based on the plaintiffs’ own
case, I saw no necessity in making any orders in relation to the SAP Notes.
Lastly, it had emerged that the defendants had made an offer to pay the
plaintiffs the principal sums on the SAP Notes as well as furnish a bank
guarantee for the contractual interest and redemption premium. If the
plaintiffs had accepted the defendants’ offer of security and part-payment,
which appeared wholly reasonable, the issue of security today would largely be
moot.

14 Pre-judgment interest (see s 12 of the Civil Law Act (Cap 43, 1999 Rev Ed))
and post-judgment interest (see O 42 r 12 of the Rules of Court (Cap 322, R 5,
2006 Rev Ed)) are at the discretion of the court. The defendants submitted
that pre-judgment interest (from 30 June 2008 onwards) should not be awarded
as they had earlier offered to pay the plaintiffs the outstanding principal
sums as well as furnish a bank guarantee for the interest and redemption
premium. The utility of bank guarantees in relation to pre-judgment interest
was somewhat limited as a party would still be kept out of his or her monies.
However, the offer to pay the principal sums upfront should entail a
significant reduction on the pre-judgment interest. In the circumstances, it
would be fair to fix pre-judgment interest for the principal sums at 2% per
annum computed from 1 July 2008 to the day immediately prior to this judgment
(based on a rough estimate of the average 6-month US$ LIBOR from July 2008 to
July 2010). Pre-judgment interest for the contractual interest and redemption
premium shall be fixed at 5.33% per annum for the same stated period, while
post-judgment interest shall stand at 5.33%.

15 In conclusion, the following orders are made:

a.

For the Superon Note, Silverlink and/or Argent are to pay Superon the
principal sum of US$6,391,182.00, interest at 5% per annum and redemption
premium at 10% per annum computed from 15 July 2003 to 30 June 2008.
Simultaneous to the payment, Silverlink, Argent and Superon are to complete
the transfers of shares as agreed in the Superon Repurchase.

b.

For the Rockline Note, Silverlink is to pay Rockline the principal sum of
US$11,120,800.00, interest at 5% per annum and redemption premium at 10% per
annum computed from 17 August 2003 to 30 June 2008.

c.

Pre-judgment interest on the principal sums at 2.00% per annum, and on the
contractual interest and redemption premium at 5.33% per annum. The pre-
judgment interest shall run from 1 July 2008 to the day immediately prior to
this judgment.

d.

Nominal damages of $100 are awarded to each of the two plaintiffs.

e.

Post-judgment interest on items (a)–(d) above are to run at 5.33% per annum.

I will hear parties, including OHL, on costs at a later date.

* * *

[note: 1]Pg 30 of Plaintiffs’ submissions on Remedies

[note: 2]Pg 26 and 76 of Plaintiffs’ submissions on Remedies

[note: 3]Pg 34of the Defendants’ reply submissions on Remedies

[note: 4]Pg 92 and 116 of Plaintiffs’ submissions on Remedies

[note: 5]Pg 50 of the Plaintiffs’ submissions on Remedies

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 26 Aug 2010 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

