Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  VisionHealthOne Corp Pte Ltd _v_ HD Holdings Pte Ltd and others (Chan Wai
Chuen and another, third parties)  
[2010] SGHC 78

Case Number| :| Suit No 678 of 2009 (Summons No 6230 of 2009)  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 12 March 2010  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Chan Seng Onn J  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Dhillon Dinesh Singh, Ong Boon Hwee William and Melanie
Chng Ai Ling (Allen & Gledhill LLP) for the plaintiff; Nandwani Manoj
Prakash(Gabriel Law Corporation) for the second defendant; Emily Su (Wong
Partnership LLP) on watching brief for the first and the third defendants.  
Parties| :|  VisionHealthOne Corp Pte Ltd — HD Holdings Pte Ltd and others
(Chan Wai Chuen and another, third parties)  
  
12 March 2010|  
---|---  
  
Chan Seng Onn J:

Introduction

1 The plaintiff in the suit, VisionHealthOne Corporation Pte Ltd
(“Plaintiff”), applied for discovery of documents against Bank of China
Limited (“BOC”) in Summons No 5937 of 2009 (“the Discovery Application”)
pursuant to O 24 r 6(2) of the Rules of Court (Cap 322, R5, 2006 Rev Ed)
(“Rules of Court”). The Assistant Registrar (“AR”) allowed the Discovery
Application and ordered BOC to produce the relevant documents.

2 The second defendant, Xing Rong Pte Ltd (formerly known as Huadi Projects
Pte Ltd) (“2nd Defendant”) appealed against the AR’s order for discovery
(“Discovery Order”) in Registrar’s Appeal No 449 of 2009 (RA449/09). The
Plaintiff took out an application to strike out RA449/09 in Summons No 6230 of
2009 (the “Striking Out Application”).

3 On 11 January 2010, I allowed the Striking Out Application and the 2nd
Defendant on 9 February 2010 filed an appeal against my decision.

Background Facts

4 The Plaintiff’s claim arose from the Cooperation Agreement dated 18 October
2003 between the Plaintiff and 2nd Defendant which object was to establish a
network of medical facilities in and outside China. The funds for the joint
venture would be provided solely by the Plaintiff.

5 The Plaintiff claimed that it had entrusted the sum of $2.125 million (the
“Sum”) to the 2nd Defendant for the purpose of the joint venture. The Sum was
transferred to the 2nd Defendant’s BOC account (“the Account”) in three
tranches between December 2003 and January 2004.

6 The 2nd Defendant admitted that it had received the Sum. However, the 2nd
Defendant alleged that the receipt was pursuant to a currency exchange
transaction between the Plaintiff and the 2nd Defendant. Therefore, no funds
were provided under the Cooperation Agreement to further any proposals for the
purpose of the joint venture.

7 The Plaintiff claimed that, _inter alia_ , it was wrongfully induced into
transferring the Sum to the 2nd Defendant through the latter and/or its
representative’s false and fraudulent misrepresentations.

8 Prior to March 2007, the 2nd Defendant represented to the Plaintiff that it
had remitted the Sum to a third party Chinese company, Fuzhou Huadi Hebang
Construction Renovation Engineering Company Ltd (“FHH”) in or about 2004 for
the purposes of the joint venture to establish a medical facilities network in
and outside China. However, the financial records of FHH obtained by the
Plaintiff did not reflect any such receipt of the Sum.

9 It was the Plaintiff’s case that one of the main disputed issues in the suit
was to whom the 2nd Defendant had transferred the Sum following its receipt of
the said Sum between December 2003 and January 2004.

10 The Plaintiff in its Discovery Application sought production of documents
from BOC relating to and/or evidencing the movements, _ie_ , into and out of
the Account.

11 The AR, after hearing the Discovery Application, allowed the Plaintiff to
inspect and take copies of the following documents (the “Ordered Documents”)
with BOC:

All bank statements, cheques, remittance slips, receipts, transfer
instructions and correspondence relating to and/or evidencing the movements of
the sum of S$2,125,000.00 which was deposited into the Account of the 2nd
Defendant with Bank of China Limited by way of:

(a) OCBC cheque no. 749325 dated 23 December 2003 for the sum of S$400,000.00;

(b) UOB cheque no. 642852 dated 23 December 2003 for the sum of
S$1,100,000.00;

(c) UOB cheque no. 642853 dated 10 January 2004 for the sum of S$625,000.00

into and out of the Account.

Plaintiff’s case

12 The Striking Out application was on the grounds that:

(a) The 2nd Defendant had no locus standi to challenge an Order of Court which
was solely directed to a third party _ie_ , BOC; and/or

(b) The AR’s order was _res judicata_ as between the Plaintiff and BOC as the
time for BOC to appeal against the said order had lapsed. The 2nd Defendant’s
appeal was therefore academic and served no practical purpose; and/or

(c) The 2nd Defendant’s appeal lacked substantive merits.

2nd Defendant’s case

13 The 2nd Defendant’s case was that the Discovery Order made against BOC
would not determine the issue that was in dispute between the parties, _ie_ ,
the purpose of transferring the Sum to the 2nd Defendant.

(a) If it was found that the purpose of the transfer of the Sum was for the
Cooperation Agreement, as pleaded by the Plaintiff, the proper recourse as
against the 2nd Defendant would be in respect of a breach of Cooperation
Agreement in which disclosure of the Ordered Documents would be irrelevant and
unnecessary as receipt of the said Sum was already admitted by the 2nd
Defendant.

(b) If it was found that the purpose of transfer was for the currency exchange
scheme, as pleaded by the 2nd Defendant, the 2nd Defendant’s position was that
the Ren Min Bi (under the currency exchange scheme) was paid out in China and
not out of the Sum in the account _ie_ , the $2.125 million received in
Singapore was not transferred to China.

14 The grounds for the 2nd Defendant’s appeal were as follows:

(a) The Discovery Order was too wide as it was not specific in time and did
not state the exact period for which the discovery was allowed; and/or

(b) The Discovery Order was made before the 2nd Defendant had filed its
defence. As the parameters of the dispute had not been drawn up properly by
way of pleadings at the time of the hearing of the Discovery Application,
matters of relevancy had not been adequately determined; and/or

(c) Discovery had previously been ordered against the 2nd Defendant of the
same class of documents in favour of the fourth defendant under O 24 r 6 of
the Rules of Court. Subsequently in Originating Summons No 383 of 2009
(Registrar’s Appeal No 171 of 2009) (“OS 383 of 2009”), Tay Yong Kwang J
allowed the 2nd Defendant’s appeal and discharged it from its duty to provide
discovery. The same issues were later rehashed before the AR and the AR’s
decision effectively nullified Tay J’s decision.

Decision of the Court

Lack of _Locus Standi_

15 The 2nd Defendant had filed the appeal against the AR’s decision despite
being neither a party to the Discovery Application nor the subject of the AR’s
order. _Locus standi_ to appeal against any and/or all orders made in the
Discovery Application against a third person who is not a party to the main
suit (_ie_ , BOC in this case) does not arise automatically from a person’s
status (_ie_ , the 2nd Defendant’s status) as a party to the main suit.

16 Order 24 Rule 6 of the Rules of Court stipulates as such:

**Discovery against other person (O.24, r.6)**

6\. – (1) An application for an order for the discovery of documents before
the commencement of proceedings shall be made by originating summons and the
person against whom the order is sought shall be made defendant to the
originating summons.

(2) An application after the commencement of proceedings for an order for the
discovery of documents by a person who is not a party to the proceedings shall
be made by summons, which must be served on that person personally and on
every party to the proceedings.

...

(6) An order for the discovery of documents may -

(a) be made conditional on the applicant’s giving security for the costs of
the person against whom it is made or on such other terms, if any, as the
Court thinks just; and

(b) require the person against whom the order is made to make an affidavit
stating whether the documents specified or described in the order are, or at
any time have been, in his possession, custody or power and, if not then in
his possession, custody or power, when he parted with them and what has become
of them.

...

(8) For the purposes of Rules 10 and 11, an application for an order under
this Rule shall be treated as a cause or matter between the applicant and the
person against whom the order is made.

17 The references to “the person against whom the order is made” in O 24 r
6(1), “a person who is not a party to the proceedings” in O 24 r 6(2) and the
language employed in O 24 r 6(8) (in respect of inspection and production for
inspection of the Ordered Documents under O 24 rr 10 and 11 respectively)
indicate that an order for non-party discovery is directed solely against the
non-party from whom discovery is sought, _ie_ , it is clearly envisaged that
an application for non-party discovery is a matter exclusively between the
applicant and the non-party respondent. This principle applies across the
board to both instances in which pre-action non-party discovery was made by
way of originating summons (see O 24 r 6(1)) and by way of summons in ongoing
proceedings between two parties (see O 24 r 6(2)).

18 Notably, although the 2nd Defendant was served with the application for
non-party discovery and was heard by the AR below, this did not _ipso facto_
confer upon it standing to file an appeal. All applications filed in an action
are served on parties to the action (_eg_ , under O 24 r 6(2)), who may be
heard subject to the discretion of the court. This involvement, however, does
not by itself transform such parties into parties to _that_ specific
application with standing to appeal the same. Such involvement _per se_ has no
bearing on the issue of _locus standi_.

19 In the case of _Microsoft Corporation and others v SM Summit Holdings Ltd
and another_ [1999] 3 SLR(R) 1017, Yong Pung How CJ held that the applicants
who were prohibited by way of implied undertaking from using all documents and
copies obtained pursuant to a search warrant and information extracted therein
had _locus standi_ to make an application to the High Court for the
restriction to be lifted. Yong CJ held (at [18]) that:

As the applicants were parties directly affected by the restriction, they had
a direct personal interest in seeking relief to vary the order of court and/or
to be released from the implied undertaking. It followed they must have the
_locus standi_ to make an application for the restriction to be lifted.

Hence, it can be deduced that in order to demonstrate _locus standi_ to file
an appeal against an order, one has to show that one is affected or aggrieved
by the court order and therefore has a personal interest in seeking variation
or release from the said order. Further and in addition to that, where it is
in the nature of an appeal, I take the view that the appellant must generally
be a party to the application below that gave rise to the orders that form the
subject of his appeal before he has standing to appeal against those orders.

20 On the facts, the 2nd Defendant was in no way personally encumbered by the
Discovery Order and its rights and interests vis-à-vis the main suit were
likewise unaffected. If anything, the production of Ordered Documents in the
possession of a non-party, BOC, would serve to substantiate or negate the 2nd
Defendant’s version of the facts. The 2nd Defendant could not be said to be
affected or aggrieved by the production of any relevant documents simply
because they might be or were potentially adverse against him. The whole
purpose of discovery is to enable relevant documents to be placed before the
court and there is no inherent right or interest to shut out relevant
documents albeit adverse to that party’s case, unless they fall within certain
narrow exceptions such as those privileged professional communications under
s128 of the Evidence Act (Cap 97, 1997 Rev Ed) (“Evidence Act”).

21 The 2nd Defendant might contend that it was affected or aggrieved by the
Discovery Order by virtue of its personal interest to maintain secrecy over
its bank account with BOC which was the main subject matter of the Discovery
Order. This personal interest could be said to have arisen under s 47 Banking
Act (Cap 19, 2008 Rev Ed) (the “Act”), which prohibits the disclosure of
customer information by a bank in Singapore or any of its officers to any
person except as expressly provided in the Act.

22 The bank’s duty of banking secrecy under s 47, however, is not absolute.
The Third Schedule of the Act expressly provides that disclosure of
information by a bank is not prohibited where it is necessary for compliance
with an order of the Supreme Court or a Judge thereof pursuant to the powers
conferred under Part IV of the Evidence Act. This includes the power to make
an order of production or inspection of banker’s book under ss 174 and 175 of
the Evidence Act respectively. Hence, a court order made against the bank or
its officers for production or inspection would prevail over any personal
interest the 2nd Defendant may have concerning the secrecy of its bank account
with BOC. In any event, this personal interest does not, by itself, give rise
to _locus standi to appeal_ against the order that was made in the Discovery
Application by the Plaintiff, which is against the non-party, BOC, and not
against the 2nd defendant itself.

23 The 2nd Defendant should have asked BOC to appeal within the prescribed
period after granting to BOC _ie_ , the party with legal standing to appeal,
an indemnity or sufficient security to BOC’s satisfaction for all potential
costs in connection with bringing an appeal against the Discovery Order. The
2nd Defendant had erred in choosing to appeal against the Discovery Order when
it had no _locus standi_ to do so.

Operation of Doctrine of _Res Judicata_ in respect of the Discovery Order vis-
à-vis BOC

24 The operation of the doctrine of _res judicata_ in respect of the Discovery
Order made against BOC would further preclude the 2nd Defendant from filing an
appeal against the said order.

25 The _locus classicus_ of _res judicata_ is the judgment of Wigram VC in
_Henderson v Henderson_ (1843) 3 Hare 100, at 115, where the judge says:

[W]here a given matter becomes the subject of litigation in, and of
adjudication by, a court of competent jurisdiction, the court requires the
parties to that litigation to bring forward their whole case, and will not
(except under special circumstances) permit the same parties to open the same
subject of litigation in respect of matter which might have been brought
forward as part of the subject in contest, but which was not brought forward,
only because they have, from negligence, inadvertence, or even accident,
omitted part of their case. The plea of res judicata applies, except in
special cases, not only to points upon which the court was actually required
by the parties to form an opinion and pronounce a judgment, but to every point
which properly belonged to the subject of litigation, and which the parties,
exercising reasonable diligence, might have brought forward at the time.

The doctrine of _res judicata_ has been applied in and affirmed by the
Singapore courts: see _eg_ , _Lee Tat Development Ptd Ltd v Management
Corporation of Grange Heights Strata Title No 301 (No 2)_ [2005] 3 SLR(R) 157
and _Ching Mun Fong (executrix of the estate of Tan Geok Tee, deceased) v Liu
Cho Chit and another appeal_ [2000] 1 SLR(R) 53.

26 It should be noted that the party with legal standing to appeal against the
AR’s decision, BOC, had not filed any such appeal. The period for appealing
the Discovery Order expired on 14 December 2009 and under these circumstances,
the AR’s order had been perfected as between the Plaintiff and BOC. This would
be consistent with Tay Yong Kwang J’s decision in _Nike International Ltd and
another v Campomar Sociedad Limitada_ [2005] SGHC 139 at [40] in which it was
held that:

Where an appeal lies against a decision but the right is not invoked by the
party entitled to that right, that decision is still final for the purpose of
_res judicata_.

27 Logically, the doctrine of _res judicata_ in cases involving more than one
party with the right of appeal operates in such a way that it renders the
decision binding as between the applicant and any party who chooses not to
exercise its right to appeal (see _Teo Chee Yeow Aloysious and another v Tan
Harry and another_ [2004] 3 SLR(R) 588). As Chao Hick Tin JA observed at [18]:

Suppose for a moment that in that case at hand only the first appellant had
appealed, but not the second, and that the first appellant had succeeded in
the way he did. Could the second appellant have come to the court after the
event to say that since the appellant’s liabilities were joint and several,
the amount of damages which the second appellant should pay to the respondents
should be the same as the reduced amount which the first appellant was liable
to pay? The answer is obviously not. Hence the second appellant, having not
appealed against the quantum assessed for the dependency loss for whatever
reason, must accept the consequences of its own choice.

28 Accordingly, even if the 2nd Defendant had had standing to launch the
appeal and subsequently succeeded, BOC having not exercised its right to
appeal within the allowed time frame, would not be able to reap the fruits of
the 2nd Defendant’s appeal. A successful outcome of the 2nd Defendant’s appeal
clearly would have no bearing upon BOC’s accrued obligation to furnish the
Ordered Documents in compliance with the AR’s order since the finality of the
said order would be ensured by the operation of _res judicata_. This would
render the 2nd Defendant’s appeal merely academic as it would be incapable of
reversing or undoing what had already been perfected.

29 The importance of the principle of _res judicata_ was observed by the US
Supreme Court in _Federated Department Stores Inc v Moitie_ [1981] 452 US 394
at 401:

[T]his court has long recognized that [public] policy dictates that there be
an end of litigation; that those who have contested an issue shall be bound by
the result of the contest, and that matters once tried shall be considered
forever settled as between the parties... [The doctrine of _res judicata_] is
a rule of fundamental and substantial justice, of ‘public policy and of
private peace,’ which should be cordially regarded and enforced by the courts…

30 Viewed against the backdrop of the present facts, the 2nd Defendant’s
appeal should be struck out for want of standing. Any further determination on
this appeal would be, at best, academic and theoretical given that the
Discovery Order was _res judicata_ as between BOC and the Plaintiff. Such an
exercise would not be conducive to public interest as it would waste the
court’s time and the litigant’s resources.

No Substantive Merits

31 In any event, the 2nd Defendant’s appeal was without merit. O 24 r
6(3)(_b_) clearly stated that the documents sought in discovery must be
“relevant to an issue arising or likely to arise out of the claim made or
likely to be made in the proceedings”. Moreover, under the same provision, the
person against whom the order is sought must be “likely to have or have had
[the documents] in his possession, custody or power”. Following O 24 r 7,
discovery shall be refused in instances where it is not necessary either for
disposing fairly of the cause or matter or for saving costs.

32 The Ordered Documents could not be said to have fallen foul of any of the
requirements stated above as they were relevant to the main suit, were in the
possession of BOC and were necessary for the fair disposal of the said suit.

33 Whether a document was relevant would depend on whether it would affect a
party’s claim, or adversely affect another party’s case, or support another
party’s case and it must depend on the issues pleaded in the action: see _UMCI
Ltd v Tokio Marine & Fire Insurance Co (Singapore) Pte Ltd and others_ [2006]
4 SLR(R) 95 at [71].

34 In the Plaintiff’s Statement of Claim, it was clearly pleaded that at all
material times prior to March 2007, the first to third defendants had
represented to the Plaintiff that the Sum had been remitted by the 2nd
Defendant to FHH in or about 2004\. Hence, the _onward application_ of the Sum
subsequent to the receipt by the 2nd Defendant was a matter in issue in the
main suit. The Ordered Documents were relevant as they would either affect or
support the Plaintiff’s case: they would illustrate the status and use of the
Sum following the receipt by the 2nd Defendant which in turn would be central
in establishing the alleged misappropriation by the 2nd Defendant.

35 The 2nd Defendant’s position that the Ordered Documents were irrelevant and
unnecessary as receipt thereof was never denied overlooked the broader picture
of the dispute between the Plaintiff and itself, _ie_ , that there was an
alleged misappropriation on the part of the 2nd Defendant through its failure
to transfer the Sum to FHH as represented.

36 The crux of the Plaintiff’s case was that: (a) the Sum was transferred to
the 2nd Defendant pursuant to its representations that the Sum would be
subsequently transferred to FHH under the Cooperation Agreement; and (b) in
breach of the misrepresentations, the 2nd Defendant failed to so transfer the
Sum and instead misappropriated it. Proof of the 2nd Defendant’s dealings with
the Sum after its receipt would accordingly be critical to establishing the
second limb of the Plaintiff’s claim. Hence, the Ordered Documents were
relevant as it would directly enable the Plaintiff to advance his own case
(see _Compagnie Financiere et Commerciale du Pacifique v Peruvian Guano Co_
[1882] 11 QBD 55 at 63).

37 It was manifestly clear that BOC had possession, control and/or custody of
the Ordered Documents thus satisfying O 24 r 6(3)(_b_). Moreover, the
disclosure of the Ordered Documents could not be said to be not necessary
either for disposing fairly of the cause or matter or for saving costs under O
24 r 7.

38 BOC has a document retention and destruction policy to which the Ordered
Documents are subject. Given that the payment of the last tranche of the Sum
into the account was made 6 years ago, there is an imminent need for the
Ordered Documents to be disclosed before they are systematically destroyed by
BOC. This is compounded by the fact that BOC might be the only party holding
such crucial information as the 2nd Defendant had, through its solicitors,
earlier stated that the Ordered Documents were not in its possession.

39 The production of the Ordered Documents at this stage would also serve a
wider interest in it being facilitative of and conducive to the parties in the
main suit as the Plaintiff would not have to wait until the trial to issue a
writ of _subpoena duces tecum_ against BOC. As Lord Mackay in _O’Sullivan v
Herdmans Ltd_ [1987] 1 WLR 1047 at 1056 noted:

The interests of justice are, in my opinion, served by the promotion of
settlements rather than prolongation of litigation and by the possibility of
early, complete preparation for both parties to a trial rather than by
obliging one party to delay its full preparation until after the trial has
actually started.

40 In my view, the Ordered Documents were relevant and necessary for the fair
disposal of the issues in the Suit and the Discovery Application was rightly
allowed by the AR when he ordered BOC to produce the documents. Accordingly,
the 2nd Defendant’s appeal before me also lacked merit.

41 With regard to Tay J’s decision in allowing the appeal filed by the 2nd
Defendant against the discovery order in OS 383 of 2009, I noted that factual
differences existed between OS 383 of 2009 and the present appeal which should
not be overlooked. OS 383 of 2009 was in fact a discovery against the 2nd
Defendant which could be distinguished from the present Discovery Application
against a _non-party_. The AR in OS 383 of 2009 ordered, _inter alia_ , for
the 2nd Defendant _itself_ to give discovery of the documents sought. This was
to be contrasted with the present appeal in which BOC was the non-party
required by the Discovery Order to provide the documents sought by the
Plaintiff.

42 When the 2nd Defendant appealed against the AR’s order before Tay J, it was
decided apparently on the basis that the 2nd Defendant was in no position to
comply with the said order given that it had affirmed on affidavit that it had
no documents in its possession evidencing payment of the Sum to third parties
in relation to the Cooperation Agreement. Hence, the scenario in that case was
that the 2nd Defendant, being the party encumbered with the duty to disclose
the documents, appealed against the order imposed upon it as it had no
possession of them. Tay J rightly discharged its duty to disclose as under
those circumstances the 2nd Defendant would not be able to fulfil the
Discovery Order if indeed the 2nd Defendant had truthfully affirmed that it no
longer had the bank documents in question.

43 The facts of the present appeal were, however, dissimilar from that in OS
383 of 2009. That BOC had the bank documents requested by the Plaintiff was
not in dispute and the only real question at the Discovery Application against
BOC was one of relevancy and necessity. Thus any argument about any potential
nullification of Tay J’s decision by the permission to allow discovery as
against BOC was distracting and misguided.

44 In summary, the facts before me were that the AR below had made an order,
not against the 2nd Defendant, but against BOC, which had in its possession
the same class of documents that were sought in OS 383 of 2009. The Ordered
Documents were vital in establishing and resolving the disputed issues raised
in the main suit. Apart from substantiating the claim that there in fact was a
receipt of such Sum (which was admitted by the 2nd Defendant), the Discovery
Order also served a wider facilitative purpose in allowing early disclosure of
documents crucial to the main suit itself. For instance, if upon trial it was
found that the Plaintiff’s version of facts was in fact true and correct,
_ie_. that the Sum was paid under the Cooperation Agreement, the Ordered
Documents would provide useful information pertaining to the onward
application of the Sum by the 2nd Defendant by allowing the court to trace its
whereabouts since the transfer of the Sum into the 2nd Defendant’s account,
including whether or not the Sum was in fact subsequently paid over to FHH as
represented by the 2nd Defendant in order to establish a medical facilities
network in and outside China pursuant to the joint venture. This would assist
the court in effectively determining the liability of the 2nd Defendant under
the Cooperation Agreement (if any).

45 In the event that the Sum was found to have been paid to the 2nd Defendant
pursuant to a currency exchange transaction, there is no apparent prejudice in
disclosing the Ordered Documents in respect of the 2nd Defendant’s account.
The movement of the Sum that the Plaintiff was allowed to question and
scrutinise was limited only to those flowing from those cheques delineated by
the AR (see [11] above). The Discovery Order was not by any means a blanket
permission to intrude into the financial status and activities of the 2nd
Defendant. The Discovery Order allowed only disclosure of documents that were
necessary for the Plaintiff to establish its claim. It was never intended to
warrant a fishing expedition on the Plaintiff’s part. Hence, details of the
2nd Defendant’s use of its other financial resources would not by way of the
Discovery Order be exposed. As such, the financial interests of the 2nd
Defendant were sufficiently safeguarded.

46 The Discovery Order against a non-party was a matter that was exclusive to
the Plaintiff and the non-party, BOC. Any legal grievances stemming from such
an order should be raised and vented by either of the two parties privy to the
order. The 2nd Defendant’s filing of the appeal where BOC itself had chosen
not to do so was an attempt at circumventing the procedures of the court that
were streamlined to ensure the systematic and efficient administration of
justice.

Conclusion

47 Given the lack of _locus standi_ and, in any event, the lack of substantive
merits advanced by the 2nd Defendant, I allowed the Striking Out Application
and awarded $3,000 as costs inclusive of disbursements for the entire hearing
to be paid by the 2nd Defendant to the Plaintiff.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 12 Mar 2010 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

