Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Balbir Singh s/o Amar Singh _v_ Public Prosecutor and another appeal  
[2010] SGHC 123

Case Number| :| Magistrate's Appeal Nos 293 of 2009 & 300 of 2009  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 22 April 2010  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Lee Seiu Kin J  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  S K Kumar (S K Kumar & Associates) for the appellant in
MA 293 of 2009; Hay Hung Chun (Attorney-General's Chambers) for the
respondent; Tan Lee Cheng (Rajah & Tann LLP) for the appellant in MA 300 of
2009; Hay Hung Chun (Attorney-General's Chambers) for the respondent.  
Parties| :|  Balbir Singh s/o Amar Singh — Public Prosecutor  
  
22 April 2010|  
---|---  
  
Lee Seiu Kin J:

1 Singapore, with its high population density, relies very heavily on public
transport. These range from private limousine services and public taxis in
which the routes are personalised but which convey low volumes of passengers,
to coaches and mini-buses where the routes may be tailored to suit a small
group of users, to public buses and rail transport (both light and mass rapid)
where the routes are fixed and high volumes of passengers are carried daily.
The vast majority of people in Singapore rely on one mode or other of public
transport – sometimes a combination – to go about their daily affairs: to get
to their place of work, to school, for meals or recreation, or to attend to
urgent matters. Public transport provides a vital service to the population,
and is probably the most important facility after housing and utilities.

2 The following incidents highlight the often invidious and sometimes
dangerous situations that persons engaged in providing public transport are
exposed to. In February 2009, an SBS bus captain was attacked in broad
daylight by two parang-wielding robbers on board his bus. He had been wounded
when he attempted to thwart the robbers’ attempts to rob a lady passenger whom
they had threatened with their parangs. With deep gashes on his left shoulder,
a fractured left wrist bone and bleeding heavily, he drove 1km to seek
help.[note: 1] In January 2010, an SBS bus service was disrupted when a party
of five refused to alight from the bus. They had boarded the said bus which
did not have wheelchair accessibility and were informed by the bus captain
that they were not allowed to bring their wheelchair onto the bus for safety
reasons. The quintet however insisted on doing so. For six hours, the group
refused to leave, crying and wailing to the police who later arrived at the
scene.[note: 2]

3 Public transport, in all its modes, is available throughout the day and well
into the night. Taxis are available 24 hours a day. People who work in the
public transport industry have to work long hours and in shifts to provide
such extensive availability of service. Most public transport passengers are
courteous and appreciative of the service provided. In any event, they are
intent on getting to their destinations, and in most instances, they do so
uneventfully. But there will always be a minority who are rude, whether by
nature or circumstances, or a combination of both. When an incident occurs
that does not meet with the satisfaction of such persons, they become
disagreeable. In mercifully rarer instances, a passenger is outright malicious
and does an act with criminal intent, such as robbery. The point is that
people who provide public transport services are constantly exposed to a wide
range of people. Such exposure is often in vulnerable situations: the taxi
driver alone with a passenger in a deserted part of the island, a bus captain
operating the bus on his own. Very often, the public transport worker has a
heavy responsibility to discharge: a bus or a train full of passengers whose
life and limb are in his hands.

4 The need to take a serious view of assaults on people who provide public
transport services was brought to the fore in _Wong Hoi Len v Public
Prosecutor_ [2009] 1 SLR(R) 115 (“ _Wong Hoi Len_ ”). In that case the
appellant (“Wong”) pleaded guilty to a charge under s 323 of the Penal Code
(Cap 224, 2008 Rev Ed). Wong, after a drinking session, had boarded the
victim’s taxi and, as it was travelling, vomited in it. The victim stopped the
taxi, got out and berated Wong, who responded by angrily pushing the victim to
the ground with both hands. However Wong did not stop at that. While the
victim was still on the ground, Wong punched him several times on the right
eye, forehead, cheek and nose, causing deep facial bruises. There were
defensive injuries on the right hand, showing that the victim had tried to
fend off Wong’s blows. On the other hand, Wong was found to have suffered only
a superficial scratch over his left cheek. In the midst of the struggle, the
victim stopped moving and lay motionless on the ground. It turned out that he
had an underlying heart disease which was triggered by the trauma he had
suffered, although his condition was such that sudden death could have
occurred at any time even in the absence of stress or trauma.

5 Wong pleaded guilty to the charge and was sentenced to one month’s
imprisonment by the district judge (“DJ”). He appealed and VK Rajah JA not
only dismissed the appeal but enhanced the sentence of imprisonment to three
months even though the Public Prosecutor did not appeal. In so doing, the
Judge emphasised the importance of taxi drivers to the community, their
arduous working conditions and their vulnerability to physical violence. He
highlighted reports of rising incidents of violence committed against taxi
drivers. Turning to public transport workers in general, VK Rajah JA (“the
learned Judge”) said at [11]:

11 The reported increase in criminal acts targeting persons working in the
field of public transport is worrying. It should be nipped in the bud through,
_inter alia_ , deterrent sentencing of offenders. There is little doubt that
public transport workers (this includes bus captains) are more vulnerable to
criminal violence than their counterparts in most other professions. They are
constantly exposed on the service frontline and, very often, are left to fend
for themselves when confronted with difficult and/or unruly passengers. In
Duncan Chappell & Vittorio Di Martino, _Violence at Work_ (International
Labour Office, 2nd Ed, 2000) at p 67, the authors observed that, of lone
workers, taxi drivers in many places were at the “greatest risk of violence”.
At the same time, other public transport workers such as bus drivers were
observed to be at “special risk” (_id_ , at pp 68–69). The authors also noted
that night time was the highest-risk driving period for taxi drivers, and that
customer intoxication appeared to play a role in precipitating violence.

6 The learned Judge pointed to legislation in New South Wales and Northern
Territories of Australia that provided for greater punishment for offences
against public transport workers. He noted that even in the absence of
legislation, the courts in Queensland and England took a more serious view of
offences against public transport workers. The learned Judge also referred to
cases in Singapore in which a similar attitude was adopted. He concluded as
follows at [20]:

20 In my view, where the victim of an offence is a public transport worker,
policy considerations should apply with equal, if not even greater, force than
in the case of road rage offences. As such, in cases where an accused person
with no antecedent pleads guilty to a charge under s 323 of the Penal Code and
the recipient of violence is a public transport worker, I am of the view that
the starting benchmark for a simple assault should be a custodial sentence of
around four weeks. The actual sentence meted out would, however, be dependent
on the peculiar circumstances of each incident. How was the disturbance
initiated? Who was the aggressor? What were the injuries caused? Careful
attention must be given to the precise factual matrices …

7 The foregoing provides the background to two appeals from two DJs that I
heard on 26 November 2009. In each case the appellant pleaded guilty to a
charge under s 323 of the Penal Code of voluntarily causing hurt to a person
providing public transport service. _Wong Hoi Len_ was relied on by both DJs
below. In MA 293 of 2009, Balbir Singh s/o Amar Singh (“Singh”) was convicted
of voluntarily causing hurt to an SBS bus captain and sentenced to four weeks’
imprisonment. In MA 300 of 2009, Taniguchi Mitsuru (“Taniguchi”) was convicted
of the same charge, but to a taxi driver, and sentenced to six weeks’
imprisonment. I dismissed the appeal by Singh but allowed the appeal by
Taniguchi. As these are two contrasting cases, it would be useful to deal with
them in a single judgment.

MA 293 of 2009

8 In MA 293 of 2009, the appellant, Singh had kicked a bus captain when told
by the latter to pay the bus fare. Upon his plea of guilt, Singh was convicted
by the DJ and sentenced to a four-week imprisonment term. His appeal was
against the sentence.

9 Singh was 45 years old and the victim, the bus captain Yap Eyu Kiong (“Yap”)
was 56 years of age. The agreed statement of facts states as follows:

4 On 16/02/2009 at about 10.31 pm, at Blk 206 Mars[i]ling Drive Bus stop,
complainant called for police informing that “I am the bus driver of 903,
TIBS, there is this driver here giving me problem. We stopped at the bus stop.
Please send your men here now.”

5 Investigation revealed that on 16/02/2009 at about 10.13 pm, complainant was
driving bus service number 903 registration number: TIB1193C from Woodlands
Regional Interchange. He drove to the designated berth to allow passengers to
board and the accused was the last to board the said bus. Complainant then
started to drive the bus and he noticed that the accused did not pay for the
bus fare and he walked pas[t] the driver’s seat and sat on a seat near to the
complainant.

6 Investigation further revealed that during the journey, the complainant
stopped at the Blk 19 Marsiling Lane bus stop and he asked the accused to pay
for the bus fare but he remained quiet. After the passengers have alighted at
this bus stop, complainant closed the door and continued with the bus journey.
At the next bus stop, which was Blk 206 Mars[i]ling Drive, complainant once
again asked the accused to pay the bus fare and the accused aggressively
scolded the complainant. Thereafter, the accused kicked complainant once on
his left leg. Complainant immediately called for police assistance.

7 Investigation also revealed that at the time of incident, the witness also
saw the accused kicking the complainant’s left leg.

8 Complainant was examined by Dr Lee Biing Ming Simon on 17th February 2009
from 1054 hrs to 1106 hrs at Woodlands Polyclinic. Complainant was diagnosed
to have sustained a contusion on the left leg/calf.

10 In mitigation, counsel for Singh, Mr S K Kumar (“Mr Kumar”), stated that
Singh had pleaded guilty thereby saving the Court’s time and resources; that
Singh was married with three children; that he was the main breadwinner
supporting the family and had cooperated with the police and was a first
offender.

11 In his grounds of decision (“GD”), the DJ cited extensively from the
decision of the High Court in _Wong Hoi Len_ (see [9] of GD). The DJ concurred
with the Court’s observation therein that public transport workers were more
vulnerable to criminal violence than other public transport workers.[note: 3]
The cited extracts also highlighted that in other jurisdictions there has been
found a need to impose deterrent sentences to protect public transport workers
and that it is an aggravating factor where the victim is a public transport
worker. One of the extracts alluded to the case of _Public Prosecutor v Law
Aik Meng_ [2007] 2 SLR(R) 814 which the Court in _Wong Hoi Len_ pointed out
that it was decided in that case that where an offence involved a vulnerable
victim or affected the provision of a public service, general deterrence
should assume special significance and relevance. Policy considerations, the
Court in _Wong Hoi Len_ observed, applied with equal, if not greater, force
than in the case of road rage offences where the victim of an offence was a
public transport worker. The Court in _Wong Hoi Len_ proposed a sentencing
benchmark of around four weeks’ jail for a “simple assault” against a public
transport worker where the offender had no antecedents and had pleaded guilty
to a charge under s 323 of the Penal Code. The DJ remarked that a “clear
message” had to be delivered that violence against public transport workers
would not be condoned and that such public transport workers had “every right
to work in a safe and secure environment” (at [10]). In the premises, he
sentenced Singh to four weeks’ imprisonment.

12 Before me, Mr Kumar submitted that the mitigation plea had not been
accorded the weight it deserved; that the kick was spontaneous as opposed to
pre-meditated and that the injuries caused by Singh were very minor and would
thus warrant the operation of s 95 of the Penal Code. Mr Kumar submitted that
the circumstances leading to the offence was at variance with that in the
agreed statement of facts (“ASOF”). However he conceded that as counsel for
Singh in the hearing below, he had not resolved these discrepancies between
the ASOF and mitigation plea. Indeed, he had not objected to the ASOF at the
hearing below. Neither did he ask for a Newton hearing. There had only been
one amendment sought by Singh even though it was open to him to challenge
anything in the statement of facts. In any event, I found that the facts which
were disputed at the appellate stage were irrelevant. In the circumstances, I
proceeded with the appeal on the basis of the ASOF.

13 The material elements of the case are as follows. Singh boarded the bus at
around 10pm. He did not pay the bus fare and yet had the temerity to sit near
Yap. When Yap asked him a second time to pay the bus fare, he started
aggressively scolding Yap and then walked up to him and gave him a kick. As Mr
Kumar conceded before me, Yap was only trying to do his job and had not gone
about it in an obnoxious manner.

14 What makes offences against public transport workers so repugnant is the
exploitation of their vulnerability. The nature and degree of vulnerability of
taxi drivers, bus captains, and other public transport workers may vary across
the transport modes, but it is undisputed that the multi-faceted risks faced
by all of them by virtue of their job makes them more vulnerable than other
professions. In this case, Singh’s offence was especially reprehensible as it
exploited the fact that Yap, as a bus captain, had multiple tasks to perform:
Yap had to ensure that commuters paid their fares while simultaneously
focusing on his driving and the road, and ensuring the safety of all his
passengers. All these tasks had to be performed constantly throughout the
journey while driving long hours. Moreover, the offence took place at night,
when it is more difficult to drive due to reduced visibility. Bus captains are
without doubt, a vulnerable group of people in that they are exposed to
greater risks since they have many matters to attend to simultaneously. In
other words, the various demands on their attention by their responsibilities
make these bus captains easy targets. They also serve a greater volume of
human traffic which increases their risk of being assaulted by rogue
commuters. They are also vulnerable in that it is difficult for them to fend
off attacks because of where they are seated _vis-à-vis_ the commuters.

15 It appears to me that Singh was hoping that his dishonest act of not paying
the fare would go undetected by the driver who would be too busy to notice
this. When Yap asked Singh to pay up the first time, Singh simply remained
silent. But when Yap asked a second time, Singh flared up and started scolding
him. Singh probably felt unhappy that Yap was performing his duties so well.
This incident would have, at the very least, caused inconvenience to the other
commuters and when Singh kicked Yap, it would have also caused consternation
and even fear to other commuters.

16 To discharge their duties efficaciously and efficiently, public transport
workers need to be protected and to feel protected from all manners of
violence and aggression. Bus captains have an especially onerous burden given
the large number f commuters they serve everyday and the responsibilities they
shoulder. In fact, last month SBS Transit announced a 15% salary increase to
attract more Singaporeans into this vocation.[note: 4] The press release
reported that the new monthly basic salary of $1,375 would mean that new
Singaporean bus captains could earn over $1,900 every month in their first
year of employment. NTUC Assistant Secretary-General and NTWU Acting Executive
Secretary Mr Ong Ye Kung had this to say:

A basic salary of $1,375 better reflects the scope of responsibilities of a
Bus Captain, and the prevailing situation in the Singapore labour market
today. It is also a clear signal from SBS Transit that driving buses safely
and efficiently is a core capability of the company, and it intends to attract
good Singaporean workers to do the job. NTWU will give our full support to SBS
Transit to make sure that higher pay incentivises higher productivity, and
higher productivity drives higher pay. This way, company and workers all
benefit.

17 Indeed, given the heavy responsibilities borne by bus captains and the
demands of safety and efficiency that is exacted upon them, the court should
not condone any mischief by commuters who disrupt bus services and interfere
with the bus captain’s discharge of his duties. _A fortiori_ , it cannot take
lightly acts of violence or aggression towards bus captains which would put
the latter in fear of their personal safety and the rest of the commuters.

18 Mr Kumar attempted to invoke s 95 of the Penal Code which provides that

Nothing is an offence by reason that it causes, or that it is intended to
cause, or that it is known to be likely to cause, any harm, if that harm is so
slight that no person of ordinary sense and temper would complain of such
harm.

19 In _Teo Geok Fong v Lim Eng Hock_ [1996] 2 SLR(R) 957 (“ _Teo Geok Fong”)_
, a couple were in the midst of divorce proceedings. The wife had slapped her
husband because she was annoyed with him taking photographs of her removing
her belongings from the matrimonial home. She was charged and convicted of
committing an offence under s 323 of the Penal Code (the penalties prescribed
then were a maximum jail term of one year, or with fine which may extend to
$1,000, or with both). The former Chief Justice Yong Pung How hearing the
appeal observed at [50] of the judgment that:

… s 95 provides relief to an offender where the act is negligible or the
offence is of a trivial character … it [also] applies … where the act was
deliberate. The section would apply if the act causes harm or is intended to
cause harm or is known to be likely to cause harm, provided the harm is so
slight that no person of ordinary sense and temper would complain of such
harm.

20 Noting that the wife had administered a single slap and that there were no
marks or scratches and the husband had not bothered to seek medical attention,
the Court remarked that the injury must have been minor. Further, the husband
had been upsetting the wife by his action. Tensions were running high in their
matrimonial dispute in the courts and these factors converged to make her
sufficiently upset to slap the husband. _Ergo_ ,

57 … it would not be in the interest of justice to penalise the appellant for
what, in my opinion, was a negligible wrong. Although the appellant was
clearly guilty of the offence, I would apply the _de minimis_ principle under
s 95 of the Penal Code.

21 The wife’s appeal was thus allowed but that case is far removed from the
present one. Quite apart from the fact that Yap had suffered a bruise arising
from the kick by Singh, the circumstances are very different. _Teo Geok Fong_
was in the context of a domestic dispute and as it was the wife who had hit
the husband; it was not a case of one party taking advantage of its superior
strength over the other party. Furthermore, although they were in the midst of
a divorce, a criminal conviction arising from the incident could wreck any
chance of reconciliation and certainly reduce chances of cooperation between
them in relation to the care of their children.

22 In deciding on the appropriate sentence, the degree of violence visited on
the victim is but one factor, important though it is. The circumstances in
which the act was committed may be relevant. In the present case, Singh was in
the wrong in not paying the fare, yet he behaved in a thuggish manner towards
the driver who was only carrying out the job he was paid to do. Singh had
taken advantage of the vulnerability of Yap for whom the most important task
was to operate the bus and ensure the safety of his passengers and other road
users. In addition to this important and onerous task, Yap had to see to it
that persons boarding the bus should pay the fare. This was a difficult enough
task to perform; yet Singh had not only acted dishonestly but had the temerity
to carry out an act of physical violence. His offence has to be seen in this
context.

23 People who provide public transport services perform tasks that are onerous
and dangerous, particularly where they are in charge of large vehicles because
the safety of a large number of persons, both in and out of the vehicle, are
at stake. The law cannot and will not condone the reprehensible acts of
passengers who exploit the vulnerability of public transport workers and
threaten their safety and that of other passengers/commuters. The court will
not hesitate to impose severe punishment to serve as a general deterrence in
appropriate cases. This appeal is one such case in which a deterrent sentence
is warranted.

24 For the foregoing reasons, I found that the sentence of four weeks’
imprisonment was not manifestly excessive and dismissed Singh’s appeal.

MA 300 of 2009

25 In the second appeal, MA 300 of 2009, the appellant, Taniguchi, had also
pleaded guilty to a charge under s 323 of the Penal Code. The victim was a 65
year old taxi driver Lim Hing Soon (“Lim”). The relevant parts of the agreed
statement of facts tendered to the court below are as follows:

3\. On 2 September 2008 at or about 12.40am, an unknown male caller informed
the [police] that a “taxi driver is assaulted here and we have detained the
assailant. Please send the police and ambulance.” The incident location was
given as the main road in front of Block 105B Edgefield Plains, Singapore.

4\. Investigations revealed that on 2 September 2008, just after midnight, the
accused boarded the victim’s taxi along Orchard Road. The accused smelt
strongly of alcohol. The accused showed the victim an address on his mobile
phone, Block 126 Edgefield Plains Singapore. The victim thus drove to Punggol
Estate; however, he was unable to find Block 126.

5\. This angered the accused who informed the victim that he would not pay the
taxi fare as the victim was unable to find the correct block. The accused
instructed the victim to stop by the side of the road.

6\. The victim stopped in front of Block 105B Edgefield Plains, Singapore. The
accused alighted from the taxi without paying the taxi fare. The victim
therefore followed the accused to collect his taxi fare. The accused pushed
the victim.

7\. The victim returned to his taxi and retrieved an umbrella. The accused
grabbed the umbrella and a tussle ensued. During the tussle, the victim fell
to the floor. However, the tussle for control of the umbrella continued. In
the course of this tussle, the victim suffered injuries.

8\. The victim was subsequently conveyed to Changi General Hospital by
ambulance. The medical report dated 16 October 2008 stated that the victim
suffered the following injuries:

a. a 7 cm laceration over the forehead;

b. left upper thigh wound; and

c. tenderness over the left anterior chest wall.

Intramuscular anti tetanus (IM ATT) injection was administered. The wounds
over the forehead and thigh were cleaned and closed with sutures. The victim
was discharged and given three days medical leave.

26 The relevant parts of Taniguchi’s mitigation plea state as follows:

3\. On the night in question, the Accused was out with a friend at a pub. Some
time on or around midnight, the Accused headed home in the taxi driven by Lim.
At that time, the Accused was feeling very tired (having worked the entire
day) and drowsy from the effects of alcohol.

4\. The Accused told Lim to head for Edgefield Plains in Sengkang.

5\. Due to the fact the Accused spoke English with a strong Japanese accent,
he was worried that the taxi-driver would not be able to understand him
clearly. The Accused therefore showed Lim his home address stored in his
mobile phone. This address stored on the mobile phone is Blk 126A #08-334,
Edgedale Plains, Singapore 821126.

6\. Though the taxi-driver managed to get to Punggol, he was unable to locate
the Accused’s block.

7\. The Accused was not able to offer meaningful directions to the taxi driver
as he had only relocated to the address two weeks earlier. Moreover, he was
not fluent in English. It did not help that the Accused was also at that time
rather drowsy and very tired.

8\. As Lim kept circling around aimlessly in his taxi, the Accused asked Lim
several times to call the taxi company to seek directions as this is some
thing which a taxi-driver in Japan would have done readily. Unfortunately, Lim
did not oblige and continued to try to find the address himself. The taxi
driver stopped the car 4 times to ask to see the address on the Accused’s
handphone.

9\. Out of desperation and at his wit’s end, the Accused eventually told Lim
that if he continued to drive around aimlessly and not ask the taxi company
for directions, the Accused would not pay for the taxi fare.

10\. Unfortunately, on hearing this, Lim became rather agitated. He started
shouting at the Accused. The Accused also became angry and asked Lim to stop
the taxi.

11\. When the taxi stopped, the Accused got out of the taxi as he was by then
extremely angry with the poor service he was getting and simply wanted to get
away from the taxi-driver.

12\. The taxi-driver then went after the Accused. The taxi-driver continued to
shout loudly and rudely at the Accused. When Lim eventually caught up with the
Accused and grabbed him, the Accused pushed him away.

13\. Lim then returned to his taxi to get an umbrella.

14\. On seeing this, the Accused – still in his tired and drowsy state – felt
that the taxi-driver might have wanted to use the umbrella on him. He
instinctively tried to seize the umbrella from Lim.

15\. A brief struggle then ensued between the two men as both tried to seize
control of the umbrella. In the process, Lim fell to the ground but the tussle
for control of the umbrella continued. All the time, Lim continued to shout at
the Accused.

16\. The Accused stopped when he saw that the tip of the umbrella had caused a
cut on Lim’s forehead.

17\. An ambulance and the police subsequently arrived though the Accused is
not certain as to who had called for them. Lim walked to the ambulance and was
subsequently not seen by the Accused again. After clarifying the events with
the police at the scene, the Accused left with a friend whom he called to come
to get him.

27 The learned deputy submitted that Taniguchi had pushed Lim which was why
Lim had retrieved the umbrella – he had feared further attack from Taniguchi.
She also pointed out that Taniguchi was an intoxicated offender, a larger man
than Lim and that even when Lim fell to the ground, the tussle continued when
Taniguchi could have stopped. She averred that the assault was sustained even
though it was not brutish as in _Wong Hoi Len_. Submitting that no violence
against public transport workers should be condoned and that Taniguchi had not
wanted to pay the victim, the prosecution observed that the defence’s
authority of _Public Prosecutor v Andrew Bevan Jones_ [2008] SGDC 115 (“
_Andrew Bevan Jones_ ”) wherein the accused was fined for assaulting a taxi
driver had been decided before _Wong Hoi Len_.

28 In his GD, the DJ noted that the injuries sustained by Lim were closed by
sutures and concluded that these injuries were not “superficial cuts” but were
“sufficiently serious” to require stitching. He also noted that Lim was given
medical leave of four days. He further observed that it was agreed that
Taniguchi had smelt strongly of alcohol at the material time and that
Taniguchi’s counsel (“Miss Tan”) had not disputed the prosecution’s submission
that Lim was smaller in built than Taniguchi. Adverting to _Wong Hoi Len_ ,
the DJ noted the principle therein that intoxication was an aggravating factor
and considered that Taniguchi had indeed been intoxicated thereby aggravating
his misdemeanour. A further aggravating factor was that Taniguchi had
continued to tussle for the umbrella even when Lim had fell to the ground, and
only desisted when he saw that the tip of the umbrella had cut Lim’s forehead.
The DJ pointed out that Taniguchi could have ceased struggling for the
umbrella when Lim fell to the ground (at [11] of the GD). The DJ considered it
yet another aggravating factor, the fact that Lim at the material time was an
“elderly man” of 65 years of age and smaller in size than Taniguchi ([12] of
GD). The DJ alluded to the Court’s remarks in _Wong Hoi Len_ where at [12] of
the said judgment the Court had observed that New South Wales legislation
provided that where the victim is vulnerable (_eg_ elderly or a public
transport worker), this would constitute an aggravating factor. The DJ added
that although local legislation did not expressly provide for this, a victim’s
advanced years would “generally be an aggravating factor in cases of assault.”

29 The DJ noted Miss Tan’s submission in the mitigation plea that Taniguchi
thought that Lim might use the umbrella on him. However it would appear that
the DJ was more inclined towards the prosecution’s submission that Lim had
taken out the umbrella because he was fearful that Taniguchi would further
attack him. He also said that there had been no allegation that Lim had
attempted to attack Taniguchi with the umbrella and noted that the latter had
not sustained any injury. Of “critical” importance to the DJ ([14] of GD) was
Taniguchi’s conduct after Lim had fallen to the ground. The DJ remarked that
Taniguchi could have stopped once Lim fell but chose to continue tussling for
the umbrella instead. The DJ also dismissed other aspects of the mitigation
plea such as the language barrier between Lim and Taniguchi and Lim’s refusal
to call the taxi company for assistance. He pointedly remarked at [15] of his
GD that:

… A taxi driver’s inability to find the address of a passenger cannot be used
as an excuse by the passenger to assault the taxi driver. Similarly,
difficulties in communication arising from language barriers cannot be a
mitigating factor in our cosmopolitan country ... Disputes arising from such
language barriers should never give rise to an assault by the customer against
the service provider or vice versa.

30 As for the case of _Andrew Bevan Jones_ , the DJ found that it was to be
confined to its own facts. Having reference to the four-week benchmark in
_Wong Hoi Len_ , the DJ ruled that the present case was indeed distinguishable
from the former insofar as the severity of the assault was concerned. He found
that the present case did not involve a sustained and brutish assault unlike
_Wong Hoi Len_ and hence a sentence closer to the starting benchmark should be
imposed. Having regard to the aggravating factors _viz_ , the intoxication of
Taniguchi; his continued tussle for the umbrella even after Lim had fallen to
the ground and that Lim was elderly, the DJ was of the view that six weeks’
imprisonment was an appropriate sentence.

31 In my view, the crucial error made by the DJ was his failure to appreciate
that Taniguchi had not intended to cause the injury. This is clear from para 7
of the statement of facts which states that Taniguchi had “grabbed the
umbrella and a tussle ensued. During the tussle, the victim fell to the floor.
However, the tussle for control of the umbrella continued. In the course of
this tussle, the victim suffered injuries.” This is confirmed in the
mitigation plea, which was not opposed by the prosecution, in which Miss Tan
had stated that when Lim returned with the umbrella, Taniguchi had felt that
it might be used to attack him and he tried to seize it from Lim. It was in
the course of the struggle for control of the umbrella that Lim’s head was cut
with the tip of the umbrella. It is necessary to examine whether it was
reasonable for Taniguchi to apprehend that Lim might use the umbrella on him.
The circumstances were these: Taniguchi had an altercation with Lim on the
poor quality of the taxi service and refused to pay him. As Taniguchi walked
away from the taxi, Lim went up to him to ask for payment. Taniguchi responded
by pushing Lim away. Lim then returned to the taxi, took an umbrella from it,
and went up to Taniguchi, umbrella in hand. Now there is no indication that
the reason for Lim getting out the umbrella was because he thought that it was
about to rain. Unfortunately there is also no indication of the size of the
umbrella. However, the fact is that Taniguchi apprehended that Lim might use
the umbrella on him and this is consistent with the preceding facts. Therefore
Taniguchi, in trying to grab the umbrella, did so to prevent it being used on
him. However, Taniguchi did not plead that his acts were carried out in
exercise of his right to private defence under s 96 of the Penal Code and it
is not necessary to examine whether he had exceeded that right. Indeed he had
pleaded guilty to the present charge. However the fact that his act was
motivated by his apprehension that the umbrella might be used against him is
an important factor to be taken into consideration in sentencing.

32 While Taniguchi might be considered wrong in refusing to pay Lim the taxi
fare, it cannot be said his grievance was not genuine. This is quite unlike
the appeal in MA 293 of 2009 in which the appellant, Singh, was deliberately
avoiding paying the bus fare and when he was caught by the victim, had the
temerity to give him a kick. In Taniguchi’s case, he was all the time trying
to get away from Lim and it was the latter who was following him. And when
Taniguchi pushed him away, he went and armed himself with an umbrella. Even if
this was motivated by a fear of being attacked by the larger man, it cannot be
said that Taniguchi was unreasonable to apprehend that it was intended to be
used against him. It was therefore not entirely unreasonable for Taniguchi to
try to snatch it away from Lim. It should be noted that Taniguchi did not
deliberately set out to inflict hurt on Lim and the latter was injured only in
the course of the tussle for the umbrella. Taking these circumstances into
account, it was clear that the sentence of six weeks’ imprisonment was
manifestly excessive; a fine would have been the appropriate punishment for
Taniguchi. I therefore reduced the sentence to a fine of $2,000.

Conclusion

33 In _Abu Syeed Chowdhury v Public Prosecutor_ [2002] 1 SLR(R) 182, Yong Pung
How CJ said at [15] that a benchmark is but a

… sentencing norm prevailing on the mind of every judge, ensuring consistency
and therefore fairness in a criminal justice system. It is not cast in stone,
nor does it represent an abdication of the judicial prerogative to tailor
criminal sanctions to the individual offender. It instead provides the focal
point against which sentences in subsequent cases, with differing degrees of
criminal culpability, can be accurately determined. …

Therefore in considering the appropriate sentence in any case, the benchmark
is only a starting point. It is incumbent on the sentencing judge to distil
the important factors of the case and the weight to be given to each of them
in determining the appropriate sentence to be meted out. The two present
appeals provide useful contrasting illustrations of this process.

* * *

[note: 1]The Straits Times, 12 February 2009
<www.straitstimes.com/Breaking%2BNews/Singapore /Story/STIStory_337283.html>

[note: 2]Lianhe Wanbao, 18 January 2010. See also The Electric New Paper<
http://www.tnp.sg/printfriendly/0,4139,227465,00.html>

[note: 3][9] of GD

[note: 4]See
<http://www.straitstimes.com/BreakingNews/Singapore/Story/STIStory_478981.html>
See also <http://www.sbstransit.com.sg/press/2010-01-18-01-S.aspx>

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 22 Apr 2010 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

