Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Beckkett Pte Ltd _v_ Deutsche Bank AG and another  
[2010] SGHC 284

Case Number| :| Suit No 326 of 2004 (Registrar's Appeal No 99 of 2010)  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 24 September 2010  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Judith Prakash J  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Davinder Singh SC and Pradeep Singh (Drew & Napier LLC)
for the plaintiff; Ang Cheng Hock SC, William Ong, Loong Tse Chuan and Kenneth
Lim (Allen & Gledhill LLP) for the first defendant.  
Parties| :|  Beckkett Pte Ltd — Deutsche Bank AG and another  
  
24 September 2010| Judgment reserved.  
---|---  
  
Judith Prakash J:

Introduction

1 This registrar’s appeal is another chapter in this epic piece of litigation
which has occupied the courts in Singapore since 2004. The plaintiff, Beckkett
Pte Ltd (“Beckkett”), wishes to be free of the Singapore proceedings in order
to pursue remedies against the first defendant, Deutsche Bank AG (the “Bank”),
in the courts in Indonesia. This might seem a rather odd course for Beckkett
to take since it has been awarded judgment against the Bank by the Singapore
courts but has yet to be equally successful in Indonesia. Yet when asked to
elect between continuing the Singapore litigation (essentially by proceeding
with the assessment of the damages payable by the Bank) and pursuing its
Indonesian action, Beckkett chose the latter course.

2 The underlying application, Summons No 5313 of 2009, was filed by the Bank
on 9 October 2009. By it, the Bank applied for the following orders:

(a) That Beckkett be ordered to withdraw forthwith, and be restrained from
prosecuting or continuing to prosecute, the appeal which it had filed in
Indonesia against the decision of the District Court of South Jakarta (the
“District Court”) in Suit No 649/Pdt.G/2008/PN.JKT.SEL (the “Indonesian
action”); and

(b) That Beckkett be restrained from commencing or continuing any further or
other proceedings of any nature in Indonesia or anywhere else in the world
against the Bank, its agent and/or employees, in relation to the Bank’s sale
in Indonesia of the Pledged Shares (see [7] below) on 21 November 2001.

3 The application was heard before Assistant Registrar David Lee (the “AR”)
over several days. On 12 February 2010, the AR released a long and carefully
considered judgment ([2010] SGHC 55) giving his reasons for the following
findings (at [122] – [126]):

(a) That the legal proceedings in Singapore and Indonesia were duplicative.

(b) That in making the application, the Bank had come to the court with clean
hands and was entitled to equitable relief.

(c) The parties were amenable to the jurisdiction of the Singapore courts and
that Singapore is the natural forum of the litigation.

(d) The conduct of Beckkett in maintaining suits in both Indonesia and
Singapore after the Singapore Court of Appeal rendered its judgment was
vexatious and oppressive.

(e) The circumstances, however, were such that it would be unjust for an anti-
suit injunction to be granted against Beckkett.

(f) It would not be tenable either to maintain the status quo by dismissing
the Bank’s application and therefore Beckkett had to be ordered to make an
election between proceeding in Singapore for an assessment of damages and
pursuing its claim through further appeals in Indonesia. This election would
be final and irrevocable.

4 Beckkett did not appeal from this decision. Subsequently it elected to
pursue the Indonesian action. The Bank, however, lodged an appeal and
maintained before me that the AR’s order giving Beckkett the option of an
election should be set aside and, instead, the anti-suit injunction it had
applied for should be granted.

Background

Course of the litigation in Singapore

5 The facts giving rise to the original law suit are a matter of public
record. They are set out at length in the judgment of the court of first
instance, _Beckkett Pte Ltd v Deutsche Bank AG and another_ [2008] 2 SLR(R)
189 and that of the Court of Appeal, _Beckkett Pte Ltd v Deutsche Bank AG and
another and another appeal_ [2009] 3 SLR(R) 452. I will summarise them as
briefly as possible (relying a great deal on the AR’s account).

6 Beckkett is a Singapore company. It and its subsidiary, PT Swabara Mining
and Energy (“SME”), owned shares in PT Asminco Bara Utama (“Asminco”) which in
turn owned shares in PT Adaro Indonesia (“Adaro”) which owned a coal mine in
Kalimantan. SME, Asminco and Adaro are Indonesian companies.

7 The Bank is incorporated in Germany and has a registered branch in
Singapore. In 1997, the Bank extended a loan to Asminco. This loan was
supported by a guarantee from Beckkett and pledges by Beckkett and Asminco of
their respective shares in SME, Asminco and Adaro (collectively, the “Pledged
Shares”). Asminco did not repay the loan and the Bank sold the Pledged Shares
to an Indonesian company named PT Dianlia Setyamukti (“DSM”). The sale was
completed on 15 February 2002.

8 In April 2004, Beckkett started this action against the Bank. DSM was joined
as the second defendant in February 2005. Beckkett claimed the following
reliefs:

(a) A declaration that the sale of the Pledged Shares was invalid, null and
void and for an order to set it aside.

(b) A declaration that the equity of redemption over the Pledged Shares had
thereby been restored to Beckkett, SME and Asminco.

(c) An order that the Bank and DSM return the Pledged Shares to Beckkett, SME
and Asminco respectively.

(d) Alternatively, damages to be assessed.

The Bank defended the claim and lodged a counterclaim for some US$98m against
Beckkett as guarantor of the loan to Asminco.

9 The trial of the action occupied some 50 days in the High Court before Kan
Ting Chiu J (“the Judge”). Judgment was reserved and delivered on 21 September
2007. The Judge dismissed Beckkett’s claim against DSM and the Bank’s
counterclaim against Beckkett. He found (at [152]) that Beckkett had made out
a claim that the Bank had failed to discharge its duties as pledgee when it
sold the Pledged Shares but had failed to show that the Bank had sold those
shares at an undervalue. The Judge therefore awarded Beckkett nominal damages
of $1,000. Both Beckkett and the Bank appealed against this decision.

10 The appeals were heard on 23 April 2008 and judgment was reserved. On 27
April 2009, the Court of Appeal delivered judgment and allowed the Bank’s
appeal in full and Beckkett’s appeal in part. The relevant findings of the
Court of Appeal at [143] of its judgment are that:

(a) The Bank, in exercising its power of sale, did not take proper steps to
sell the Pledged Shares at the best price and was therefore in breach of its
duty as pledgee and Beckkett had proved that some of the Pledged Shares had
been sold at an undervalue.

(b) It was not possible to determine whether the sale of the SME Shares had
been at an undervalue until the values of other shares had been determined.

(c) Beckkett was entitled to have its loss, if any, determined at an inquiry
for damages and it was further entitled, as guarantor of the loan, to prove
any undervalue with respect to the Pledged Shares and to set the same off
against the Bank’s counterclaim.

(d) Having regard to the subsequent developments relating to some of the
Pledged Shares and the conduct of Beckkett, it would be wholly inequitable for
the court to set aside the sale of the Pledged Shares.

11 The Court of Appeal made orders to the following effect:

(a) It dismissed Beckkett’s appeal against the Judge’s decision to dismiss its
claims to set aside the sale of the Pledged Shares against the Bank and/or
DSM.

(b) It allowed Beckkett’s appeal against the decision of the Judge dismissing
Beckkett’s claim for damages against the Bank and ordered that such damages be
assessed before the Registrar.

(c) It ordered that judgment on the Bank’s counterclaim against Beckkett be
stayed pending the completion of the assessment of damages.

Course of litigation in Indonesia

12 On 2 May 2008, shortly after it had presented its appeal to the Court of
Appeal, Beckkett filed the Indonesian action. Essentially its claim was that
the sale of the SME shares by the Bank was unlawful under Indonesian law
because:

(a) The sale of the SME shares was based on _penetapans_ issued by the
District Court pursuant to an _ex parte_ application by the Bank.

(b) The _penetapans_ were successfully challenged by Beckkett and subsequently
set aside and revoked on 9 March 2005.

(c) Therefore, the sale of the SME shares was contrary to Indonesian law,
being a violation of Articles 1155 and 1156 of the Indonesian Commercial Code.

It should be noted that in his judgment at first instance, the Judge had found
(at [125] to [127] of his judgment) that the sale of the Pledged Shares was
carried out after the _penetapans_ were obtained from the District Court but
that the _penetapans_ had been set aside by the Jakarta High Court and had not
been reinstated. He further held that under Indonesian law, the position was
that there were no valid approvals for the sale and that the sale was not
carried out by lawful means. The issues of the legality of the sale and the
status of the _penetapans_ were integral parts of the case presented by
Beckkett before Kan J.

13 The reliefs claimed by Beckkett in the Indonesian action concerned the
return of the SME shares and a declaration that it was the owner of these
shares that it had pledged to the Bank. Beckkett also wanted declarations that
the sale of the SME shares effected by the Bank was illegal and legally
defective and that two documents, the Deed of Sale and Purchase and the Deed
of Minutes, were null and void and any other documents based on the same were
similarly null and void.

14 The Bank responded to the Indonesian action on 30 October 2008 by filing an
application known as an “Absolute Competency Exception” in the District Court.
Basically, it sought a stay of the Indonesian proceedings on the ground that
Singapore was the proper forum under the relevant loan documentation and that
Beckkett had acted in bad faith by filing its claim in Indonesia. This
application was rejected on 8 January 2009. The Bank did not appeal.

15 The Indonesian action then proceeded on its merits. On or about 8 April
2009, the District Court dismissed the suit. On 13 April 2009, Beckkett filed
an appeal against that decision (the “First Indonesian Appeal”). This was some
two weeks prior to the issue of judgment by the Court of Appeal.

Subsequent developments in Singapore and Indonesia

16 On 25 May 2009, Beckkett filed a summons for directions for the assessment
of damages in the Singapore High Court. Some three months later, on 24 August
2009, the Bank’s solicitors in Singapore wrote to Beckkett’s solicitors to ask
Beckkett to withdraw the First Indonesian Appeal. The substantive response,
only given on 17 September 2009, was that Beckkett did not intend to withdraw
the First Indonesian Appeal.

17 On 28 September 2009, the Bank’s Indonesian counsel received a notice from
the High Court of Jakarta (the “JHC”) informing him that the JHC had received
the documents in the First Indonesian Appeal from the District Court. The
parties accepted that as the appeal was against the whole of the District
Court’s judgment, the JHC was able to decide the First Indonesian Appeal on
the basis only of the court record and the documents tendered by the parties
before the District Court.

18 The Bank filed its application for an anti-suit injunction in Singapore on
9 October 2009, having informed the court two days earlier that it intended to
do so. The hearing of the application took place on 18 November 2009 and the
parties subsequently filed several sets of supplementary written submissions.
The final set of submissions was put in by Beckkett on 4 December 2009.

19 The JHC released its decision on the First Indonesian Appeal on 12 January
2010. The appeal was unsuccessful. On or about 26 January 2010, however,
Beckkett lodged an appeal (the “Second Indonesian Appeal”) against this
decision to the Supreme Court of Indonesia. As at the date of writing, no
decision has been rendered on the Second Indonesian Appeal.

20 For completeness, I reiterate what happened thereafter. On 12 February
2010, the AR ordered Beckkett to elect between the legal proceedings in
Singapore and Indonesia. On 26 February 2010, Beckkett elected to pursue its
claims and remedies in Indonesia. It did not file an appeal against the AR’s
decision. On 4 March 2010, the Bank lodged the present appeal.

Issues

21 Since Beckkett has not appealed against the decision of the AR, it is in no
position to challenge any of the holdings that he made. Thus, any issue that
the AR decided in favour of the Bank and against Beckkett cannot be re-
litigated in this appeal. The main issue to be decided on the appeal,
therefore, is whether in all the circumstances, including his findings, it was
the right course for the AR to put Beckkett to an election instead of issuing
an anti-suit injunction against Beckkett. There are some sub-issues to be
considered in this connection but before I deal with the issues on appeal, it
may be useful to revisit the AR’s findings.

The decision below

22 The issues that arose before the AR were the following:

(a) Whether there was duplication in the Singapore and Indonesian proceedings.

(b) Whether the Bank went before the court “with clean hands”.

(c) Whether the requirements for an anti-suit injunction were met.

(d) Whether the court ought to put Beckkett to an election.

I am not going to repeat the arguments that the parties made before the AR in
relation to these issues but I will set out his findings and reasons,
indicating where these need to be revisited in the context of the appeal.

23 On the first issue, that of duplication, the AR rejected Beckkett’s
submission that there were different causes of action in Singapore and in
Indonesia and therefore the two sets of proceedings were distinct. The AR
considered that the fundamental point was that the reliefs sought in both
jurisdictions _vis-à-vis_ the return of the Pledged Shares were essentially
the same and that both sets of proceedings had identical features including
the reliance on alleged failure to comply with certain articles of the
Indonesian Civil Code. He found that the situation went beyond multiplicity of
proceedings and was a duplication of proceedings because in both jurisdictions
the reliefs sought were the same, the parties were the same, the underlying
bases for the causes of action were the same and the underlying transaction
was the same.

24 It should be noted that the AR’s opinion was that “[w]hile Beckkett may not
be faulted in commencing the action in Indonesia while it was waiting for the
Singapore Court of Appeal’s judgment ... once the Singapore Court of Appeal’s
judgment was rendered, or once a reasonable period of time thereafter had
lapsed ... Beckkett’s justification for maintaining the Indonesian action out
of prudence evaporated”. My view on this is different but I will explain
later.

25 The AR rejected Beckkett’s submission that the Bank had failed to come to
the court with clean hands. In this connection he held:

(a) The argument, made with reference to a certain submission in the Bank’s
Appellant’s Case for the appeals before the Singapore Court of Appeal, that
the Bank had been blowing hot and cold and had challenged Beckkett to bring a
suit in Indonesia, was misplaced. The Bank’s submission had to be read in its
proper context and since the Bank had defended the claim in Singapore all the
way to the Court of Appeal, it was a leap of logic to suggest that some few
sentences in its submission were in effect an open challenge to Beckkett to
bring a suit in Indonesia.

(b) The argument that the Bank’s failure to challenge the District Court’s
finding on jurisdiction by failing to appeal against the rejection of its
Absolute Competency Exception application should be held against it when it
sought the equitable relief of an anti-suit injunction in Singapore initially
appeared an attractive one to the AR. He rejected it because he considered
that a reasonable litigant in the Bank’s position had two options when its
application was rejected: either to appeal on jurisdiction or to defend the
main action. The Bank in deciding not to appeal may have been prompted by an
interest in seeing a speedy resolution of the Indonesian action.

(c) The argument that the Bank had waived its right to an election was
rejected. The AR considered that the authorities cited by Beckkett were of
doubtful value for the proposition that the Bank’s conduct amounted to a
waiver and, in any case, his view was that the Bank’s conduct in defending the
action on the merits in Indonesia was reasonable.

(d) Looking at the conduct of the parties as a whole, while there may be have
been some delay on the part of the Bank in bringing the application for an
anti-suit injunction, that delay did not imbue the application with the lack
of _bona fides_. It was not such a significant delay as to enable the court to
reasonably impute a level of mischief or bad faith to the Bank.

26 Next, the AR dealt with the legal requirements for an anti-suit injunction.
He based his analysis on the framework set out in _John Reginald Stott Kirkham
and others v Trane US Inc and others_ [2009] 4 SLR(R) 428 (“ _Kirkham_ ”) in
relation to the principles to be applied when considering whether to grant an
anti-suit injunction. Using this framework, he found:

(a) That the parties were amenable to the Singapore courts’ jurisdiction since
they had been actively engaged in this litigation before the courts for no
less than five years.

(b) That at that point in time (_ie_ the time at which the anti-suit
injunction was being considered), Singapore rather than Indonesia was the
natural forum for the dispute because:

(i) The parties had more than five years of litigation in Singapore as opposed
to less than one year of litigation in Indonesia.

(ii) The parties were continuing to litigate in Singapore.

(c) The Bank had established a _prima facie_ case that Beckkett’s conduct had
been vexatious and oppressive. When Beckkett first commenced the Indonesian
action, since the Court of Appeal had not delivered judgment, Beckkett’s
conduct was not vexatious or oppressive because it did not know what the
outcome of the Singapore action would be. However, the situation changed when
the Singapore Court of Appeal judgment was rendered because it dismissed
Beckkett’s claim for a return of the Pledged Shares and ordered a remedy of
damages only. It then became vexatious and oppressive on the part of Beckkett
to maintain the Indonesian action concurrently in the hope of getting the
Pledged Shares back. In this connection, the following passage from the AR’s
judgment is of special interest:

108 ... I am of the view that part of the Court’s protection of its
jurisdiction, processes and judgments, as well as its preservation of the
principle of finality requires a finding that Beckkett’s persistence in both
jurisdictions _after_ the Singapore Court of Appeal’s judgment was rendered,
is vexatious and oppressive. Quite simply, the Singapore Court of Appeal had
dismissed Beckkett’s claim for a return of the Pledged Shares. To condone
Beckkett’s persistence in the Indonesian proceedings without any sanction runs
the risk that Beckkett may end up with a remedy that is inconsistent with the
finding of the Singapore Court of Appeal. That would erode the sanctity to be
found in the principle of finality, and may even send a wrong signal to future
litigants that a Singapore Court of Appeal judgment is not worth much if one
has sufficiently deep pockets to pursue another remedy in a foreign (and
probably more favourable) jurisdiction after exhausting all avenues in
Singapore and failing here. (emphasis in original)

(d) Nevertheless, Beckkett had discharged the burden on it to demonstrate that
it would be unjust to Beckkett to grant an anti-suit injunction. Beckkett had
propounded a correct principle of law in arguing that it was entitled to elect
the remedy it wanted for the Bank’s breach only at the point of enforcement.
To order an injunction now would be tantamount to staying the Indonesian
proceedings and this may in turn rob Beckkett of the fruits of its labour in
the Indonesian proceedings. Since Beckkett could not be faulted for commencing
the Indonesian proceedings but could only be faulted for maintaining them
after the decision of the Singapore Court of Appeal, it would be unjust to
grant an anti-suit injunction and rob Beckkett of the right of a successful
appeal in Indonesia.

27 On the issue of whether Beckkett ought to be put to an election, the AR
considered that to let things remain at status quo would also lead to an
unjust result. Beckkett’s submission that undertakings would be sufficient was
rejected since the AR considered them inadequate to address the potential
prejudice, both to the parties as well as to the sanctity of the principle of
finality in the Singapore courts. The court’s discretion to enjoin a party
from proceeding in another jurisdiction in order to protect the jurisdiction
of the local court extended to an order for an election. In coming to his
final conclusion, the AR stated:

121 ... only an order for a final and irrevocable election within a reasonable
time would allow Beckkett to pursue its remedies without the added costs to
the Bank or to the Courts of both jurisdictions as a result of Beckkett’s
vexatious and oppressive conduct in persisting with its actions in both
Indonesia and Singapore. While Beckkett may have demonstrated that it would be
unjust for an anti-suit injunction to be granted, it cannot evade from the
reality that an order for an election is the just and equitable order to move
the litigation between the parties forward.

Issues on appeal

28 The basis for this judgment is the AR’s finding that the Singapore and
Indonesian proceedings are concurrent and duplicate proceedings. I have no
reservations about the correctness of that finding.

29 The authorities show that if duplicate proceedings are conducted
concurrently in two different courts or two different jurisdictions by a
plaintiff, that plaintiff bears the burden of justifying the continuance of
the concurrent proceedings. See _Australian Commercial Research and
Development Ltd v ANZ McCaughan Merchant Bank Ltd_ [1989] 3 All ER 65 at 70
and _Yusen Air & Sea Service (S) Pte Ltd v KLM Royal Dutch Airlines_ [1999] 2
SLR(R) 955 (“ _Yusen_ ”) at [27]. In this case, the AR has found that Beckkett
was not able to justify the continuance of both the Singapore and the
Indonesian proceedings. That finding stands and I have no quarrel with it.

30 In _Multi-Code Electronics Industries (M) Bhd and another v Toh Chun Toh
Gordon and others_ [2009] 1 SLR(R) 1000, Chan Seng Onn J endorsed the legal
principles contained in para 933 of _Halsbury’s Laws of England_ vol 37
(Butterworths LexisNexis, 4th Ed Reissue, 2001) as to the options available to
the court when there are concurrent and vexatious proceedings in two different
jurisdictions. These are:

(a) to require the plaintiff to elect which set of proceedings he wishes to
continue; or

(b) to stay the local proceedings; or

(c) to grant an anti-suit injunction restraining the plaintiff from pursuing
the foreign proceedings.

31 In this context it is also pertinent to bear in mind the following
observations of the Court of Appeal in _Yusen_ :

27 In our judgment, when a plaintiff sues the same defendant in two or more
different jurisdictions over the same subject matter, the defendant can take
up an application to compel the plaintiff to make an election as to which set
of proceedings he wishes to pursue. For the purposes of an election, the
considerations of _forum conveniens_ do not come into play. However, the
defendant would need to demonstrate a duplicity of actions in the different
jurisdictions. Once this is established, the burden of proof then shifts to
the plaintiff to justify the continuance of the concurrent proceedings by
showing ‘very unusual circumstances’. If the plaintiff fails to demonstrate
such unusual circumstances, he would have to make an election.

...

34 It is also our considered view that the plaintiff’s election is not the
only way to resolve this issue. Apart from compelling the plaintiff to elect,
it remains open to the defendant to take up an application for a stay of local
proceedings or a restraint of foreign proceedings if the defendant wishes to
have the action tried in one of the jurisdictions where the plaintiff has
commenced an action.

32 The issue that falls squarely to be decided by me is whether in all the
circumstances of this case it served the ends of justice to allow Beckkett to
make an election rather than to compel Beckkett to drop the Indonesian action
and continue only with the present action by proceeding with the assessment of
damages. To answer this question, I will first consider the extent of
Beckkett’s vexatious conduct.

33 It would be recalled that the AR’s finding was that Beckkett’s maintenance
of the Indonesian action only became vexatious when it failed to discontinue
the same after the Singapore Court of Appeal delivered its judgment. His three
reasons (at [106] to [110] of his judgment) for that finding were that:

(a) The prejudice to both parties in pursuing concurrent proceedings was not
capable of compensation by any order of costs.

(b) The concurrent proceedings threatened the court’s jurisdiction, processes
and judgments, as well as the principle of finality.

(c) If both sets of proceedings were allowed to continue abreast, the
inevitable risk was that one set of judicial resources would be wasted.

34 The AR placed a great deal of emphasis on the threat to the court’s
jurisdiction, processes and judgments, as can be seen from his repetition of
this point in more than one place in his decision. That that emphasis was well
placed is indicated by _Dicey, Morris and Collins on The Conflict of Laws_
(Sir Lawrence Collins gen ed) (Sweet & Maxwell, 14th Ed, 2006) (“ _Dicey &
Morris_”) at [12-069] to [12-074]. In its discussion at [12-070], _Dicey &
Morris_ states that the English court will restrain proceedings which
interfere with its due process or with its jurisdiction to decide cases
pending before it and, at [12-073], also proceedings which interfere with or
undermine the control of the English court of its own process. The point was
further emphasised by _Masri v Consolidated Contractors (UK) Ltd & Ors (No 3)_
(“ _Masri_ ”), an authority also relied upon by the AR. Several passages from
the judgment of Lawrence Collins LJ bear citing:

82 I do not accept the judgment debtors’ argument that there is a principle
... that the English court will not restrain relitigation abroad of a claim
which has already been the subject of an English judgment adverse to the
person seeking relitigate abroad. It has been established since at least 1837
that the fact that the respondent is seeking to relitigate in a foreign
jurisdiction matters which are already res judicata between himself and the
applicant by reason of an English judgment can be sufficient ground for the
grant of an anti-suit injunction.

**Protection of the jurisdiction**

83 In _Bank of Tokyo Ltd v Karoon (Note)_ [1987] AC 45, 63, Robert Goff LJ
referred to the public interest in the finality of litigation, and said that
there were authorities in England and the United States in which courts had
granted injunctions restraining persons properly amenable to their
jurisdiction from relitigating matters which had already been the subject of a
judgment of the court of the forum ...

...

85 ... I doubt whether it is profitable to do more than note that the
protection of the jurisdiction of the English court and its judgments by
injunction has a long lineage. In my judgment there is no reason to doubt that
in appropriate cases the English court may enjoin a foreign defendant against
whom there is an English judgment (in proceedings to which the foreign
defendant has submitted) from seeking to relitigate the same issues abroad.

...

100 ... It is consistent with principle for an English court to restrain
relitigation abroad of a claim which has already been subject of an English
judgment. There is long-established authority that protection of the
jurisdiction of the English court, its process and its judgments by injunction
is a legitimate ground for the grant of an anti-suit injunction.

35 The above passages were cited by the AR as well. Whilst he realised that
they highlighted the importance of finality in legal proceedings and the need
for the court to protect its own jurisdiction, processes and judgments, he did
not perhaps fully appreciate the impact that these statements of the law
should have had on his assessment of the vexatious conduct of Beckkett. The
situation here was that Beckkett had commenced a claim in Singapore against
the Bank and had taken the matter to a long trial, after a number of
interlocutory applications. It had succeeded, to an extent, against the Bank
at first instance but not sufficiently in that it was given only a nominal
remedy. It had therefore appealed and had followed the appeal through fully
until all that was left to do was to await the decision of the Court of
Appeal. It was at that stage that Beckkett started the Indonesian action and,
in my judgment, commenced its course of vexatious conduct. Beckkett was
uncertain of the relief that it would get from the Court of Appeal and
therefore sought to secure its position by seeking the same relief from the
Indonesian courts. If Beckkett indeed got the relief it prayed for in
Indonesia before the Court of Appeal’s judgment was given, that must have
threatened the jurisdiction, processes and judgments of the Singapore courts
and undermined the principle of finality. There would have been an immense
waste of judicial resources in Singapore. Quite apart from the length of the
High Court and Court of Appeal decisions and the time spent by the respective
courts considering and weighing the evidence, the submissions and the law,
there were five years of extremely contentious litigation involving the courts
at all levels.

36 When Beckkett started the Indonesian action, the Bank had two options: to
contest the jurisdiction of the Indonesian court and to apply for an anti-suit
injunction. These were not mutually exclusive options. The Bank could have
done both at the same time. Instead, it chose the first option and when this
failed, it engaged Beckkett on the merits. It does not seem to have occurred
to the Bank at any time prior to the result of the First Indonesian Appeal
that it could have applied for an anti-suit injunction in Singapore. While it
may seem immaterial at this stage, my view of the situation is that the Bank
had a very strong chance of succeeding in such an application had it been
brought shortly after the Indonesian action was started. What is material now
is whether the Bank’s failure to apply earlier and its decision to participate
in the Indonesian action should prejudice the strength of its case now.

37 The AR considered this issue as being one of “clean hands”. He resolved it
in favour of the Bank. Primarily, the AR considered that the Bank had acted
reasonably in contesting the Indonesian action on the merits. Whilst Beckkett,
having not appealed the AR’s decision, cannot now challenge that judgment in
relation to the determination that its conduct was vexatious, it can still
rely on the Bank’s conduct to support the remedy of election and to contend
that such participation bars the Bank from asking for an anti-suit injunction.

38 In relation to the doctrine of clean hands, ICF Spry, _The Principles of
Equitable Remedies_ (Sweet & Maxwell. 7th Ed, 2007) states at p 409:

It is not uncommon to find broad statements that a plaintiff is not granted an
injunction if he does not have clean hands. Properly understood these
statements are correct; but they should be applied cautiously, for it is by no
means true that a plaintiff who has acted unconscionably is refused all access
to the court or that he is considered to be beyond protection for all
purposes. ... It has been said that the principle on which the court acts is
that protection is denied the plaintiff “where the right relied on, and which
the court of equity is asked to protect or assist, is itself to some extent
brought into existence or induced by some illegal or unconscionable conduct of
the plaintiff”, so that protection for what he claims involves protection for
his own wrong: “No court of equity will aid a man to derive advantage from his
own wrong, and this is really the meaning of the maxim.”

Also interesting is the footnote to the last sentence, which reads:

_Meyers v Casey_ (1913) 17 CLR 90 at p 124. Isaacs J was not, however,
considering cases where the court had been deceived or _its procedure
otherwise abused. In these cases also relief is said to be refused because the
plaintiff does not have clean hands_. So in _Armstrong v Sheppard & Short Ltd_
[1959] 2 QB 384 at p 397 ground for refusing an injunction was found in an
attempt to mislead the court. See also _Carmen v Fox Film Corporation_ (1920)
269 F 928 (US). (emphasis added)

39 The Bank explained that it had participated in the Indonesian action
because at the time the District Court rejected its challenge to the
jurisdiction, the Court of Appeal had not given its decision whereas the Judge
had found that the sale had been carried out by unlawful means under
Indonesian law. Having decided not to appeal in Indonesia, the Bank had to
contest the Indonesian action to prevent default judgment from being entered
against it. While I can understand the Bank taking protective action to avoid
a default judgment, what I do not understand and what the Bank did not
explain, was why it did not at the same time apply in Singapore for an anti-
suit injunction against Beckkett. To participate substantively in the
Indonesian action which threatened to undermine the process of the Singapore
courts without making any attempt in Singapore to stop Beckkett’s prosecution
of such proceedings was, to my mind, wrongful conduct on the part of the Bank
and, in a normal case, would prejudice its application for an anti-suit
injunction.

40 In this case, however, the fact that the Bank participated in the foreign
proceedings cannot _ipso facto_ mean that its application for an anti-suit
injunction must be rejected. This is because a denial of the anti-suit
injunction would also have the effect of perpetuating the wrong instigated by
Beckkett _ie_ the vexatious and oppressive Indonesian action that was started
after Beckkett had had a full trial of its claim in Singapore and presented
its appeal. In my view, while it is always vexatious for a plaintiff to start
concurrent proceedings in different jurisdictions against the same defendant
for the same reliefs arising out of the same cause of action, the present case
is particularly egregious because of the stage that the proceedings in
Singapore had reached when the Indonesian action was started.

41 The court in deciding whether to grant an anti-suit injunction must always
have regard to what the ends of justice require. This means that the court
must consider not only the injustice to the defendant if the plaintiff is
allowed to pursue the foreign proceedings but also the injustice to the
plaintiff if he is not allowed to do so. See _Société Nationale Industrielle
Aerospatiale Appellants v Lee Kui JAK and Another Respondents_ [1987] AC 871
(“ _Lee Kui Jak_ ”) at 896. The AR was concerned that by granting the anti-
suit injunction he would be robbing Beckkett of the “fruits of the labour” (at
[112] of his judgment) it had put into the Indonesian action. In other words,
the advantage which an anti-suit injunction would have deprived Beckkett of
was the stage and development of those proceedings which had been reached by
the effort that Beckkett had made. With due respect to the AR, however, I do
not think that the stage of the Indonesian action is a legitimate advantage of
which Beckkett cannot be deprived.

42 Beckkett had no business starting the Indonesian action in the first place.
This is precisely the sort of action that the principles in _Masri_ prohibit.
Beckkett had submitted its claim to the courts of Singapore and had laboured
long and hard (and caused the Bank to do so too) to bring it to trial and then
before the appellate court. It did not know how the appellate court would
decide but that was no excuse for it to attempt to bypass a possibly
unfavourable decision of the Singapore courts by taking action in Indonesia.
In my view, it was an abuse of the process of the Singapore courts for
Beckkett to take steps in Indonesia and no legitimate advantage could be
obtained from the same notwithstanding that the Bank participated in the
action. At present, although the proceedings in Indonesia have also gone to
the appeal stage, they are not as advanced as in Singapore where the Court of
Appeal has already given judgment and only the damages need to be assessed.

43 By allowing Beckkett to elect to proceed in Indonesia, the AR was giving
Beckkett exactly what it wanted when it started the Indonesian action _ie_ a
second attempt to recover the Pledged Shares. Beckkett has by its actions
undermined the processes of the Singapore courts and the principle of finality
of litigation. In my view, it would not be right for this court to allow its
judgments to be ignored by litigants who have sought the aid of this court by
starting their litigation here. The ends of justice, not only for Beckkett and
the Bank, but also for other litigants who litigate in good faith in the
Singapore courts, can only be served by the grant of an anti-suit injunction
in circumstances such as the present.

44 The last matter to be considered is whether considerations of comity should
inhibit the grant of an anti-suit injunction. It has been held in _Royal Bank
of Canada v Cooperatieve Centrale Raiffeisen-Boerenleenbank BA_ [2004] 2 All
ER (Comm) 847 at [50] that:

considerations of comity grow in importance the longer the foreign suit
continues and the more the parties and the judge have engaged in its conduct
and management.

45 Given the advanced stage of the Indonesian action, considerations of comity
take on importance. However, those considerations must be weighed against the
public policy of the Singapore legal system. In the case of _Q & M Enterprises
Sdn Bhd v Poh Kiat_ [2005] 4 SLR(R) 494, Andrew Phang JC stated at [25]:

The importance of international comity cannot be underestimated. The domestic
courts of each country must constantly remind themselves of this point ...
Nevertheless, it ought to be emphasised that the signal importance of the
domestic legal system cannot be gainsaid either. Extreme positions on either
side of the legal spectrum ought to be avoided. For example, international
comity ought _not_ to be accorded if to do so would offend the public policy
of the domestic legal system (here, of Singapore). However, that having been
said, legal parochialism must also be eschewed. (emphasis in original)

46 In the present case, refusing the anti-suit injunction because of
international comity would offend the public policy of the Singapore legal
system. It cannot be acceptable to our public policy to permit a litigant to
begin a duplicate law suit in a foreign jurisdiction just after being heard by
the Court of Appeal. I would go so far as to say that it cannot be acceptable
to permit the start of such a duplicate law suit after the completion of a
full trial in Singapore, even though judgment may have been reserved and not
yet delivered.

Conclusion

47 For the reasons given above, I allow the Bank’s appeal and make the
following orders:

(a) The Plaintiff shall withdraw forthwith, and is hereby restrained from
prosecuting or continuing to prosecute, the appeal which it has filed in
Indonesia against the decision of the Jakarta High Court in Matter No
475/PDT/2009/PT.DKI Jo and/or against the decision of the District Court of
South Jakarta in Suit No 649/PDT.G/2008/PN.JKT.SEL.

(b) The Plaintiff shall be and is hereby restrained from commencing or
continuing any further or other proceedings of any nature in Indonesia or
anywhere in the world (apart from Singapore) against the First Defendant, its
agents and/or employees, in relation to the First Defendant’s sale in
Indonesia of the Pledged Shares on 21 November 2001.

(c) The order of the Assistant Registrar on 12 February 2010 is set aside.

(d) The costs of this appeal and of the application below shall be taxed (if
not agreed) and paid by the Plaintiff to the First Defendant.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 24 Sep 2010 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

