Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Agus Anwar _v_ Orion Oil Ltd  
[2010] SGHC 6

Case Number| :| Originating Summons Bankruptcy No 29 of 2009 (Registrar's
Appeal No 299 of 2009)  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 06 January 2010  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Lee Seiu Kin J  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Ng Soon Kai and Mario Tjong (Ng Chong & Hue LLC) for the
plaintiff; Kelvin Tan Teck San and Natasha Nur Bte Sulaiman (Drew & Napier
LLC) for the defendant.  
Parties| :|  Agus Anwar — Orion Oil Ltd  
  
6 January 2010|  
---|---  
  
Lee Seiu Kin J:

1 In this action, the plaintiff applied to set aside the statutory demand for
the sum of $10.5m served on him by the defendant on 18 April 2009 (“the SD”).
After hearing counsel for the parties on 7 August 2009, the assistant
registrar granted the application and set aside the SD on the ground that the
debt was disputed on substantial grounds, specifically, that there is a
triable issue as to whether the defendant was a moneylender under the
Moneylenders Act (Cap 188, 1985 Rev Ed) (“the Act”). The defendant appealed
before me in registrar’s appeal no 299 of 2009 and on 25 August 2009, I
allowed the appeal and quashed the assistant registrar’s order setting aside
the SD. The plaintiff filed an appeal to the Court of Appeal and I now give
the grounds for my decision.

2 The plaintiff did not dispute the fact that the defendant had given the
plaintiff a loan of $10m. The plaintiff’s position was simply that when the
loan was made, the defendant was a moneylender within the meaning of the Act
and as the defendant had not taken out a licence under s 5 thereof, the loan
contracts were not enforceable pursuant to s 15. The question is whether there
is any triable issue as to whether the defendant is a moneylender under the
Act.

3 Section 2 of the Act defines a moneylender as follows:

"moneylender" includes every person whose business is that of moneylending or
who carries on or advertises or announces himself or holds himself out in any
way as carrying on that business whether or not that person also possesses or
earns property or money derived from sources other than the lending of money
and whether or not that person carries on the business as a principal or as an
agent but does not include —

(a) any body corporate, incorporated or empowered by a special Act of
Parliament or by any other Act to lend money in accordance with that Act;

(b) any society registered under the Cooperative Societies Act;

(c) any person bona fide carrying on the business of banking or insurance or
bona fide carrying on any business not having for its primary object the
lending of money in the course of which and for the purposes whereof he lends
money;

(d) any pawnbroker licensed under the provisions of any written law in force
in Singapore relating to the licensing of pawnbrokers;

(e) any finance company licensed under the Finance Companies Act;

(f) any person licensed under the Securities and Futures Act 2001; and

(g) any merchant bank which is an approved financial institution for the
purposes of section 28 of the Monetary Authority of Singapore Act (Cap. 186)

…

4 Under s 3 of the Act, any person – other than one falling within paras (a)
to (g) of the definition of “moneylender” – “who lends a sum of money in
consideration of a larger sum being repaid shall be presumed until the
contrary is proved to be a moneylender”. As the loan provided for payment of
interest of 20%, amounting to $500,000, the presumption was invoked and the
burden fell on the defendant to rebut it.

5 In his affidavit filed on behalf of the defendant, Nai Song Kiat (“Nai”), a
director of the defendant, deposed as follows. The defendant was an investment
holding company which engaged in oil and other energy trading business, and it
also invested in petroleum storage facilities. Nai was familiar with the
plaintiff in business circles and in September 2008, the plaintiff approached
him for a loan of $10m from the defendant. The plaintiff had been badly
affected by the drastic fall in the stock market and the money was to enable
him to pay some of his creditors. Following negotiations over security to be
provided for the loan, the parties entered into a loan agreement on 22
September 2008 and a supplemental agreement on 24 September 2008, pursuant to
which the plaintiff received $10m from the defendant. The loan contemplated
repayment by 18 December 2008 (or such other date as parties may agree) along
with interest of $500,000. Any late payment would attract interest at 20% per
annum. The loan was to be secured, _inter alia_ , by a mortgage on shares of
Keppel Telecommunications and Transportation Ltd and a detached house at
Ridout Road. Nai deposed that this was a one off loan to the plaintiff and
that the defendant was not in the business of moneylending. Nai asserted that
the defendant had never given a personal loan to any other individual. The
plaintiff did not file any affidavit to dispute Nai’s material assertions.

6 On the facts before me, I found that the defendant had rebutted the
presumption s 3 of the Act. The definition of “moneylender” envisages a
person:

(a) whose business is that of moneylending; or

(b) who carries on or advertises or announces himself or holds himself out in
any way as carrying on the business of moneylending.

In relation to limb (a), Nai had positively asserted that the defendant was
not in the business of moneylending but was an investment holding company
engaged in oil and other energy trading business, including investing in
petroleum storage facilities. Nai also stated that the defendant had never
given a personal loan to any other individual. The plaintiff did not dispute
these assertions. As for limb (b), there was no evidence adduced by the
plaintiff that the defendant had carried on or advertised or announced or held
itself as carrying on the business of moneylending. Indeed, the plaintiff did
not dispute that it was he who made the approach to the defendant for the
loan.

7 In _Ang Eng Thong v Lee Kiam Hong_ [1998] SGHC 64, Lai Siu Chiu J formulated
the following two-step test at [21]:

What is the resulting position in Singapore? In my opinion, a two-step test
can be utilised. The _Newton v Pyke_ test of system and continuity is a
crucial, initial consideration. Loans to one individual or to a restricted
class do not negate the finding of a moneylending business so long as there is
system and continuity. However, even if there is no such system and
continuity, it is still possible in some factual circumstances for the
transaction to be a moneylending transaction, as seen in the alternative test
in _Litchfield_. Whether there are such circumstances depends on the
particular facts of each case.

8 This was adopted by Belinda Ang J in _Mak Chik Lun v Loh Kim Her_ [2003] 4
SLR 338 (“ _Mak Chik Lun_ ”) at [11]:

Once a _prima facie_ presumption is raised, it is for the lender to rebut the
presumption by showing that it does not apply. He has to bring himself within
one of the exceptions in s 2 or show that he is not a moneylender within the
terms of the definition in s 2. In rebutting the presumption, the claimant,
for instance, has to show that there was neither system nor continuity in
moneylending. The local test of whether there is a business of moneylending is
whether there was a system and continuity in the transactions. If no system or
continuity is displayed, the alternative test (the _Litchfield_ test) of
whether the alleged moneylender is one who is ready and willing to lend to all
and sundry provided that they are from his point of view eligible is used. See
_Ang Eng Thong v Lee Kiam Hong_ [1998] SGHC 64 (unreported); _Brooks Exim Pte
Ltd v Bhagwandas_ [1995] 2 SLR 13 where _Litchfield v Dreyfus_ [1906] 1 KB 584
was followed.

9 The first of the two-step test is whether there is system and continuity. In
_Ng Kum Peng v Public Prosecutor_ [1995] 3 SLR 231, Yong Pung How CJ (“Yong
CJ”) considered the English decisions of _Newton v Pyke_ (1908) 25 TLR 127 and
_Edgelow v MacElwee_ [1918] 1 KB 205 as well as the local decisions of
_Subramaniam Dhanapakiam v Ghaanthimathi_ [1991] 2 MLJ 447, _Esmail Sahib v
Noordin_ [1951] MLJ 98, _Cheong Kim Hock v Lin Securities (Pte) (in
liquidation_) [1992] 2 SLR 349 and _Brooks Exim v Bhagwandas_ [1995] 2 SLR 13.
Yong CJ concluded as follows, at [38]:

All the authorities indicate that there must be more than occasional loans.
This is what is meant by continuity. The loans must be part of an ongoing and
routine series of transactions made by the alleged moneylender. The
requirement of system on the other hand has not been explicitly clarified. But
it is evident that the need for system shows that there must be an organized
scheme of moneylending. Some indicators of such a scheme would be fixed rates,
the rate of interest being dependent on the creditworthiness and past conduct
of the borrower and a clear and definite repayment plan. Such factors
distinguish organized moneylending from occasional loans, which would be
outside the mischief of the Act.

10 There was clearly no evidence before me of any system and continuity in the
present case and certainly on the unrebutted evidence of the defendant, this
particular loan was a one off transaction.

11 The second test is the _Litchfield_ test (see _Litchfield v Dreyfus_ [1906]
1 KB 584), which is, to borrow the formulation in _Mak Chik Lun_ , “whether
the alleged moneylender is one who is ready and willing to lend to all and
sundry provided that they are from his point of view eligible”. That cannot be
said to be the situation in the present case where the loan to the plaintiff
was the only one ever made by the defendant to any individual.

12 I conclude by citing V K Rajah J in _City Hardware Pte Ltd v Kenrich
Electronics Pte Ltd_ [2005] 1 SLR 733 at [47]:

The defence of moneylending is often invoked in Singapore by unmeritorious
defendants who are desperate to stave off their financial woes. Such
defendants should not regard the [Act] as a legal panacea. It should be viewed
as a scheme of social legislation designed to regulate rapacious and predatory
conduct by unscrupulous unlicensed moneylenders. Its pro-consumer protection
ethos was never intended to impede legitimate commercial intercourse or to
sterilise the flow of money. It is not meant to curtail the legitimate
financial activity of commercial entities that are capable of making
considered business decisions. The court has always taken and will continue to
take a pragmatic approach in assessing situations when this defence is raised.
The [Act] is not invariably contravened in transactions where the object of
the transaction is to raise money. In the final analysis, the economic
objective of an arrangement to provide credit should not be confused with its
legal nature.

The plaintiff rested his case solely on the presumption in s 3, which the
defendant had successfully rebutted. This appeared to me to be a totally
unmeritorious case in which the plaintiff tried to take advantage of the
presumption in s 3 of the Act to escape his obligations, willingly undertaken
at the time when he was desperate for cash, but which he did not want to repay
for reasons best known to himself.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 06 Jan 2010 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

