Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  The “Asia Star”  
[2010] SGCA 12

Case Number| :| Civil Appeal No 63 of 2009  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 19 March 2010  
Tribunal/Court| :| Court of Appeal  
Coram| :|  Chan Sek Keong CJ; Andrew Phang Boon Leong JA; V K Rajah JA  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Thio Ying Ying and Loh Yong Kah Alan (Kelvin Chia
Partnership) for the appellant; Vinodh Coomaraswamy SC, David Chan and Tan Hui
Ru Louisa (Shook Lin & Bok LLP) for the respondent.  
Parties| :|  The "Asia Star"  
  
[LawNet Editorial Note: This was an appeal from the decision of the High Court
in [2009] SGHC 91.]

19 March 2010| Judgment reserved.  
---|---  
  
V K Rajah JA (delivering the judgment of the court):

Introduction

1 This is an appeal against the decision of the High Court judge (“the Judge”)
setting aside Assistant Registrar Chew Chin Yee’s assessment of the damages
that arose from the appellant’s failure to deliver to the respondent a vessel
(“the _Asia Star_ ”) in accordance with the terms of a voyage charterparty
(“the Charterparty”). The assistant registrar (“the AR”) found that the
respondent failed to act reasonably to mitigate its loss in that it did not
hire an alternative vessel which was available at the material time – _viz_ ,
the _Puma_ – to carry the intended cargo. He awarded the respondent the sum of
US$302,000, which represented the additional expense that the respondent would
have been put to had it hired the _Puma_ and thereby fulfilled its duty to
mitigate its loss (see _The “Asia Star”_ [2008] SGHC 92 (“the AR’s
judgment”)). On appeal to the High Court, the AR’s factual findings on
mitigation were reversed by the Judge and the award of damages increased
nearly fivefold (see _The “Asia Star”_ [2009] SGHC 91 (“the Judge’s
judgment”), which is also reported as _The “Asia Star”_ [2009] 2 Lloyd’s Rep
387).

2 The issue of mitigation lies at the heart of this appeal. Specifically, the
question which we have to decide is this: did the respondent act reasonably to
mitigate its loss after it learnt that the appellant would not be able to
supply the _Asia Star_ as promised? After carefully considering the parties’
submissions and the evidence, we have decided to allow the appeal and restore
the decision of the AR – albeit with an arithmetical correction to the quantum
of damages due to the respondent. We will give our detailed reasons after
outlining the factual setting and the decisions made below.

The facts

3 The appellant is the owner of the _Asia Star_. The respondent is a Malaysian
company which, amongst other businesses, trades in refined oil products. It
claims to be one of the largest traders of palm oil in Malaysia and Indonesia,
and charters up to five ships a month to carry the 800,000mt to 900,000mt of
palm oil products that it trades in annually. The respondent may be said to be
a sophisticated player in the palm oil trade, and one which is familiar with
shipping practices and issues to boot.

4 In November 2003, the respondent entered into the Charterparty with the
appellant for the hire of the _Asia Star_ at a basic freight rate of US$32.00
per metric tonne (“pmt”) based on one load port, with a further US$1.00 pmt to
be paid for each additional load port. The vessel had a tonnage of 22,756mt
and a capacity to carry up to 24,581mt of cargo.[note: 1] It was agreed that a
minimum of 21,500mt of palm oil would be loaded onto the vessel for carriage
to and delivery at ports in the Middle East, Turkey and the Black Sea.

5 The shipment of 21,500mt of palm oil was intended to fulfil the respondent’s
contractual obligations to sell palm oil to a Turkish company, Agrima Ic Ve
Dis Ticaret Pazarlama Ltd (“Agrima”), under a series of contracts entered into
between September and December 2003 (“the Agrima contracts”). Pursuant to the
Agrima contracts, the respondent had to ship 21,500mt of palm oil between 15
December 2003 and 15 January 2004 (“the original Agrima shipment period”),
with the cargo to be delivered by the middle of February 2004. Whilst the
Agrima contracts were being concluded, the respondent entered into another
series of contracts (collectively, “the purchase contracts”) to purchase
24,500mt of palm oil from three suppliers (collectively, “the Suppliers”) –
namely, PT Pacific Indomas (“Indomas”), PT Pacific Medan Industri (“Pamin”)
and Pacific Oil and Fats Industries Sdn Bhd (“Pacoil”). The palm oil purchased
under these contracts was later nominated as the cargo to be loaded onto and
carried on board the _Asia Star_ (“the Cargo”).

6 We should at this juncture point out that the respondent did not enter into
the purchase contracts with the specific intention of using the palm oil
purchased thereunder (_ie_ , the Cargo) to fulfil its obligations under the
Agrima contracts. The respondent – being a large trader in edible oils (such
as palm oil) – bought and sold a vast quantity of such oils every month. What
it bought would subsequently be allocated to various purchasers depending on
trade requirements and vessel availability. It also bears mentioning that the
respondent and the Suppliers appear to be related to one another, and share
some common directors. Further, Agrima has a close relationship with the
respondent and has been the latter’s sole agent in Turkey since 2004.

7 By agreement between the appellant and the respondent, the loading period
for the _Asia Star_ was to be between 27 December 2003 and 4 January 2004
(“the original loading period”). The appellant was obliged to present the
vessel at the respondent’s nominated load ports in Belawan, Indonesia, and
Pasir Gudang, Malaysia, within that period, whereupon the Cargo would be
loaded on board by the supplier concerned (specifically, loading at Belawan
would be carried out by Indomas and Pamin, while loading at Pasir Gudang would
be carried out by Pacoil). The vessel was to call at Belawan first.

8 Unfortunately, the _Asia Star_ was unable to reach the nominated load ports
within the original loading period. The vessel was initially delayed for a few
days in South Korea due to bad weather and a change in her discharge schedule.
Subsequently, on 5 January 2004, the appellant notified the respondent of a
further delay when the vessel was unable to discharge her cargo in China due
to the sudden imposition of a ban on beef tallow originating from the United
States. The appellant asked for loading to commence only on 15 January 2004, a
request which the respondent acceded to. In turn, the respondent asked the
Suppliers for an extension of time to load the Cargo. Where Indomas was
concerned, it had earlier agreed, when the _Asia Star_ was delayed in South
Korea, to extend the date for completion of loading until 15 January 2004.
After it was notified by the respondent about the further delay of the vessel
in China, it agreed to extend the date for completion of loading again, this
time, until 21 January 2004. Pamin and Pacoil, on their part, did not
expressly agree to an extension of time for loading, and reserved their rights
to charge any penalty, storage charges and other charges that they might incur
as a result of the delay in loading. Where Agrima was concerned, it agreed to
extend the original Agrima shipment period until 21 January 2004.

9 On 19 January 2004, the _Asia Star_ finally berthed at Belawan. Upon
arrival, however, the vessel’s cargo tanks were found by the respondent’s
surveyors to be unfit for receiving the Cargo. According to the surveyors’
report, the coating of the cargo tanks had rusted as well as blistered and the
cargo tanks were generally in poor condition, giving rise to a risk of
contamination. The respondent promptly sent the appellant a solicitor’s notice
on the same day (_ie_ , 19 January 2004) asserting that the appellant was in
breach of the Charterparty. At the same time, the respondent suggested that
the appellant could discharge its obligations under the Charterparty by
substituting the _Asia Star_ with another more acceptable vessel to carry out
the voyage. The appellant responded, likewise on 19 January 2004, to say that
no substitute vessel was available. On 20 January 2004, it informed the
respondent that it had made efforts to improve the condition of the _Asia
Star_ ’s cargo tanks by cleaning them and invited the respondent to re-inspect
the tanks in order to determine their suitability. The respondent did not
respond to the offer and the _Asia Star_ left Belawan on 21 January 2004. No
cargo was ever loaded onto the vessel.

10 During this period, the respondent was not inactive. It attempted to secure
an alternative vessel to carry the Cargo. Its inquiries began on 19 January
2004, even before the _Asia Star_ was found to be unfit to receive the cargo.
That same day, the respondent’s shipbroker found a substitute vessel – _viz_ ,
the _Puma_ , which, with a maximum cargo capacity of 40,000mt, was a much
larger vessel than the _Asia Star_. The owners of the _Puma_ indicated that
loading of the Cargo at Belawan could commence by 27 or 28 January 2004, based
on the estimation that the vessel would arrive at Pasir Gudang on 26 or 27
January 2004. However, the respondent was unable to reach an agreement with
the owners of the _Puma_.

11 On 20 January 2004, several exchanges took place between the owners of the
_Puma_ and the respondent. The offers made by the owners of the _Puma_ and the
counter-offers made by the respondent may be summarised as follows:

Offers and counter-offers made  
---  
|  The _Puma_ ’s owners (9.50am) |  The respondent (time uncertain) |  The _Puma_ ’s owners (10.19am)  
Capacity (mt) |  40,000 |  40,000 |  40,000  
Laycan (in 2004) |  27–31 Jan |  25–30 Jan |  25–31 Jan  
Freight (US$ pmt) |  27.50 |  25.00 |  27.50  
Demurrage (US$) |  17,000 |  11,000 |  16,000  
Offers and counter-offers made  
|  The respondent (2.20pm) |  The _Puma_ ’s owners (5.06pm) |  The respondent (5.32pm)  
Capacity (mt) |  40,000 |  36,000 |  36,000  
Laycan (in 2004) |  25–30 Jan |  25–31 Jan |  25–31 Jan  
Freight (US$ pmt) |  25.00 |  27.50 |  25.50  
Demurrage (US$) |  12,000 |  16,000 |  14,000  
  
  

12 The negotiations between the owners of the _Puma_ and the respondent broke
off abruptly following the respondent’s last counter-offer, which was made at
5.32pm on 20 January 2004. The owners of the _Puma_ did not respond to that
counter-offer and the respondent did not attempt to engage in further
negotiations thereafter. From the picture sketched above, it seems that the
discussions broke down as a result of the respondent’s unwillingness to accept
a difference in freight rate of just US$2.00 pmt (which was the difference
between the highest freight rate demanded by the owners of the _Puma_ (_viz_ ,
US$27.50 pmt) and the highest freight rate which the respondent was willing to
pay (_viz_ , US$25.50 pmt)) – this, despite the willingness shown by the
owners of the _Puma_ to treat the vessel as having a total cargo capacity
which was less than her actual total cargo capacity so that the dead freight
payable by the respondent would be reduced.

13 On 21 January 2004, the respondent instructed its shipbroker to look afresh
for a replacement vessel. It is pertinent to note that, by that time, the
respondent had a different requirement. Specifically, it sought a vessel to
carry 20,000mt of palm oil to the eastern part of the Mediterranean Sea _and
another_ 20,000mt of palm oil to the Red Sea on an urgent basis (see below at
[69]). In other words, although the respondent had decided not to hire the
_Puma_ , it apparently still needed a vessel with the same total cargo
capacity (_ie_ , 40,000mt); it also required the vessel to call at other ports
in addition to the original ports of discharge mentioned at [4] above.

14 Following the departure of the _Asia Star_ , Indomas cancelled all of its
contracts with the respondent on 22 January 2004 on the basis that the latter
had not complied with the original loading period (as extended by Indomas in
the manner outlined at [8] above). Agrima also cancelled the bulk of the
Agrima contracts on 23 January 2004, but agreed to allow 5,750mt of palm oil
(_cf_ the 21,500mt originally ordered) to be shipped on the _Chembulk
Barcelona_ , a vessel which the respondent had earlier chartered on 30
December 2003, with loading to begin in February 2004. Pamin and Pacoil agreed
to an extension of the original loading period so as to allow shipment on the
_Chembulk Barcelona_. However, they also sought to penalise the respondent and
charged consequential expenses for (_inter alia_) extended storage and heating
in order to restore the quality of the Cargo, which had deteriorated due to
the delay.

15 We pause here to draw attention to two findings made by the AR, which
pertain to the facts set out above (see [34]–[35] of the AR’s judgment). The
first is the finding that both the Suppliers and Agrima were not informed of
the difficulties which the respondent encountered in relation to the _Asia
Star_ during the material period. Although the respondent asked the Suppliers
and Agrima for an extension of time to load and ship the Cargo, it did not
inform them that the _Asia Star_ had been rejected, and that a substitute
vessel was available within the appropriate laycan period. The respondent also
did not ask Agrima for a further extension of the original Agrima shipment
period (see, in this regard, [8] above), and notified Agrima of the _Asia
Star_ ’s cancellation only on 23 January 2004\. The second finding to note is
“the urgency of the matter at the material time” (see [35] of the AR’s
judgment) if one were to take the various contracts involved at face value.
Originally, loading of the Cargo was to have been completed by 4 January 2004.
Two extensions of time had already been granted to the respondent by Indomas
to present the _Asia Star_ for loading: first, up to 15 January 2004, and then
up to 21 January 2004 (see [8] above). As for Agrima, it had agreed to extend
the original Agrima shipment period up to 21 January 2004 (see, likewise, [8]
above). If the respondent were not able to secure further extensions of time,
it would be in breach of its obligations. From this perspective, the
respondent’s contractual position at the material time was, as aptly described
at [36] of the AR’s judgment, “precarious”.

16 On 13 February 2004, the respondent commenced Admiralty in Rem No 30 of
2004 (_viz_ , the action from which this appeal stems) against the appellant
for damages arising from the latter’s breach of the Charterparty. The question
of liability was tried, and the High Court held that the appellant had indeed
breached the Charterparty (see _The “Asia Star”_ [2006] 3 SLR(R) 612). The
appeal against the High Court’s decision on liability was dismissed by this
court (see _The “Asia Star”_ [2007] 3 SLR(R) 1). When the matter went before
the AR for assessment of damages, the respondent’s claim comprised the
following:

(a) US$698,889.88 for loss incurred on account of the cancellation of the
respondent’s contracts with Indomas;

(b) US$823,800 for sums paid in settlement of Agrima’s claim against the
respondent as a result of the respondent’s failure to deliver the palm oil
promised under the Agrima contracts;

(c) US$357,000 for penalty charges imposed by Pamin for the delay in loading;
and

(d) RM558,467.31 for various charges such as interest, storage, reprocessing,
transportation and heating charges imposed by Pacoil.

In all, the total value of the respondent’s various heads of claim amounted to
about US$2m.

The judgments below

The AR’s decision

17 The AR did not hesitate in dismissing the appellant’s submission that the
respondent had not suffered any identifiable damage as a result of the
appellant’s breach of the Charterparty. However, the AR found that the
respondent had failed to act reasonably to mitigate its loss since the _Puma_
had been available as a possible substitute vessel. He held that it was
unreasonable, given the dire situation which the respondent was in, for the
respondent to have pressed for a lower freight rate for the _Puma_. The
respondent, the AR commented, was “ _simply trying to maximise the revenue
which could be generated from chartering the_ Puma” [emphasis added] (see [33]
of the AR’s judgment). He found that “the larger capacity of the _Puma_ , as
compared to [the] _Asia Star_ , was not a major consideration for [the
respondent] in deciding whether to charter it [_ie_ , the _Puma_] in
substitution” (see, likewise, [33] of the AR’s judgment). He was of the view
that, when the owners of the _Puma_ did not respond to the respondent’s last
counter-offer (_ie_ , the counter-offer made at 5.32pm on 20 January 2004),
the respondent should have chartered the _Puma_ at the freight rate offered by
her owners, instead of abandoning the option of chartering that vessel
altogether (see the AR’s judgment at [43]). Implicit in this ruling is the
AR’s recognition that the freight rate of US$27.50 pmt which the owners of the
_Puma_ insisted on was actually lower than the freight rate for the _Asia
Star_ (which was US$32.00 pmt), with the result that any costs incurred by the
respondent on dead freight as a result of chartering the _Puma_ would be
offset by savings arising from the lower freight rate (see the AR’s judgment
at [43]).

18 The AR took a commonsensical approach in coming to his decision. After
carefully analysing the evidence, he determined that “both Agrima and Indomas
would, on a balance of probabilities, have accepted the substitution of the
_Puma_ to load and deliver the cargo” (see the AR’s judgment at [51]). In
addition, he found that the respondent acted unreasonably in not informing the
Suppliers and Agrima immediately of the _Puma_ ’s availability (albeit at a
higher freight rate) and in not requesting for further extensions of time (see
the AR’s judgment at [36]). As the respondent knew at the material time that
the market for palm oil was a rising one, it was inexplicable for the
respondent not to have made strenuous efforts to avoid any cancellation of the
purchase contracts since it would, in the event of such cancellation, have
been exposed to “potentially ruinous damages” (see the AR’s judgment at [38]).
The AR therefore held that the proper measure of damages was the total amount
of freight that the respondent would have paid if it had chartered the _Puma_
as a substitute vessel less the amount of freight that it was originally bound
to pay for the _Asia Star_. He calculated the difference between these two
amounts to be US$302,000. Both parties now accept that the correct amount
should be US$399,500 if the AR’s decision is upheld.

The Judge’s decision

19 Both the respondent and the appellant appealed against the AR’s decision.
The respondent appealed on the grounds that (_inter alia_) the AR erred in
finding that it had not acted reasonably to mitigate its loss, while the
appellant appealed on the basis that the respondent had not suffered any
damage at all from the appellant’s breach of contract. There were three main
questions before the Judge: first, whether the loss suffered by the respondent
was indeed caused by the appellant’s breach; second, whether the respondent
had acted reasonably to mitigate its loss; and, third, what the appropriate
measure of damages should be if the respondent were found to have acted
reasonably to mitigate its loss.

20 The Judge upheld the AR’s finding on the first question (see the Judge’s
judgment at [49]). She also held that the respondent’s duty to mitigate arose
on 20 January 2004 (see the Judge’s judgment at [57]) – the same day on which
the respondent’s negotiations with the owners of the _Puma_ took place.
However, she disagreed with the AR’s findings on the second question and ruled
that the respondent had acted reasonably to mitigate its loss (see the Judge’s
judgment at [78]). As a result, the respondent’s appeal against the AR’s
decision was allowed while the appellant’s appeal was dismissed. The detailed
reasons for the Judge’s disagreement with the AR will be examined below at
[35]–[37]. For now, it suffices to say that the Judge found that: (a) the
respondent had acted reasonably even though it failed to charter the _Puma_ on
the terms offered to it on 20 January 2004; and (b) consequently, the
respondent was not limited to claiming as damages the difference between the
freight which it would have paid had it chartered the _Puma_ and the freight
payable for the _Asia Star_. The final sums awarded to the respondent in
respect of its various heads of damages were assessed by the Judge at
US$1,485,140.55 and RM449,086.90 respectively.

General principles applicable to appeals against assessments of damages

21 Before dealing with the issues at hand in the present appeal, it is
important to briefly set out the basis upon which this court may review a High
Court judge’s decision on an appeal from an assistant registrar’s award of
damages. The present appeal concerns the Judge’s ruling on the appellant’s
appeal against the decision of the AR, who was the original finder of fact.
Here, it was _the AR – and not the Judge_ – who had the benefit of seeing and
hearing the witnesses first-hand as they gave evidence. Even though this court
will give proper deference to an appellate decision of a High Court judge
apropos an assistant registrar’s assessment of damages, the High Court judge
will ordinarily be in no better a position than this court when it comes to
evaluating the evidence. We note that, in this case, the Judge drew her own
inferences from the documents tendered to the court, the affidavits filed by
the respective parties and the notes of evidence of the hearing before the AR
in determining whether the respondent had acted reasonably to mitigate its
loss. This court, too, stands in a similar position and may draw the
appropriate inferences from the same record of proceedings.

The key issue in this appeal: Mitigation

Overview of the law on mitigation

22 We turn now to the key issue in this appeal – _viz_ , the question of
mitigation; specifically, whether the respondent acted reasonably to discharge
its duty to mitigate its loss. For ease of reference, we will in the rest of
this judgment use the term “defaulting party” to denote the party who breaches
a contract and the term “aggrieved party” to denote the party in respect of
whom the contract in question is breached.

23 We begin with a brief overview of the law relating to mitigation. In a
claim for damages for breach of contract, the failure of the aggrieved party
to act reasonably to mitigate its loss is a standard defence which the
defaulting party usually invokes to reduce the damages payable. It is
important, however, to point out that the so-called “duty” to mitigate is not
strictly speaking a legal duty which the aggrieved party owes to the
defaulting party, in that the latter cannot bring an action against the former
for failing to mitigate its loss. The term “duty” as employed repeatedly in
the authorities is actually no more than a convenient term of reference for
the legal requirement imposed on an aggrieved party to take prophylactic
measures to minimise avoidable loss if it wishes to recover all of the loss
sustained as a result of the defaulting party’s breach of contract. A breach
of the “duty” to mitigate _prima facie_ disentitles the aggrieved party from
claiming that part of its loss which, in the court’s view, could have been
avoided if reasonable mitigation measures had been taken. From this
perspective, the “duty” to mitigate may give rise to an indirect legal
“liability” in so far as a breach of this “duty” operates as a legal bar, _pro
tanto_ , to recovery of damages. The long-standing characterisation of the
legal obligation of an aggrieved party to act reasonably to mitigate its loss
as a “duty” is now too entrenched in legal discourse to be dropped. Subject to
the clarification which we have just made, therefore, we will employ the terms
“the duty to mitigate” and “the principle of mitigation” interchangeably in
this judgment to denote this legal obligation.

24 The basic rules relating to mitigation are well settled. First, the
aggrieved party must take all reasonable steps to mitigate the loss consequent
on the defaulting party’s breach, and cannot recover damages for any loss
which it could have avoided but failed to avoid due to its own unreasonable
action or inaction (see Harvey McGregor, _McGregor on Damages_ (Thomson
Reuters (Legal) Limited, 18th Ed, 2009) at para 7-004 and _British
Westinghouse Electric and Manufacturing Company, Limited v Underground
Electric Railways Company of London, Limited_ [1912] AC 673 (“ _British
Westinghouse Electric_ ”) at 689). Second, the aggrieved party who goes beyond
what the law requires of it and avoids incurring any loss at all will not be
entitled to recover any damages (see _McGregor on Damages_ at para 7-097 and
_British Westinghouse Electric_ at 689–690). In such a case, the aggrieved
party’s efforts will in effect confer a gratuitous benefit on the defaulting
party. Third, the aggrieved party may recover any expenses incurred in the
course of taking reasonable steps to mitigate its loss (see _McGregor on
Damages_ at para 7-091). In short, the aggrieved party cannot recover
avoidable or avoided loss; it may, however, recover expenses reasonably
incurred in the course of taking mitigation measures. The evaluation of the
aggrieved party’s conduct in mitigation ought to start from the date of the
defaulting party’s breach, and the burden of proving that the aggrieved party
has failed to fulfil its duty to mitigate falls on the defaulting party (see
_McGregor on Damages_ at para 7-019 and _Garnac Grain Company Incorporated v H
M F Faure & Fairclough Ltd and Others_ [1968] AC 1130 at 1140). This burden is
ordinarily one which is not easily discharged.

25 The above-mentioned general rules have evolved over the last two centuries
without any coherent overarching legal framework. No clear distinction has
been drawn in applying these rules to the incapable, the unwilling and (in
some cases even) the cynical defaulting party. Many of the early authorities
that led to the crystallisation of these rules featured findings made by
juries. These findings were neither judicially explained nor capable of being
justified by legal reasoning. One can therefore readily understand why Prof
Michael G Bridge (“Prof Bridge”) described the principle of mitigation in a
tone of despair as being “to a surprising degree theoretically undernourished
and underwritten, and subject to hardly any critical examination in the
leading texts” (see Michael G Bridge, “Mitigation of Damages in Contract and
The Meaning of Avoidable Loss” (1989) 105 LQR 398 (“Prof Bridge’s article”) at
p 399).

26 In Prof Bridge’s article, various theoretical justifications which have
been advanced in support of the principle of mitigation are examined. Of these
various rationales (which include factual causation, remoteness of damage,
contributory negligence, promises and expectations and self-help), what we
shall call “the ‘economic efficiency’ theory” is the most attractive and most
popular school of thought. This theory suggests that the duty to mitigate
seeks to encourage economic efficiency by discouraging waste. It rests on the
premise that no legal system should sanction economic waste by allowing an
aggrieved party to accumulate loss arising from the defaulting party’s breach
of contract when it was within the aggrieved party’s power to curb such loss.
While this approach is _prima facie_ attractive, it is, in our view, not
entirely convincing for two reasons.

27 First, it is simply not possible to explain certain aspects of the
principle of mitigation by reference to the “economic efficiency” theory
alone. As Prof Bridge astutely pointed out, “adverse market movement, to the
profit of some actors and to the correlative disadvantage of others, is not in
itself [economically] wasteful” (see Prof Bridge’s article at p 405). If the
principle of mitigation were justifiable solely by the importance of avoiding
or minimising economic waste, then, in a case where the defaulting party’s
breach of contract consists of a failure to supply or deliver goods, the
aggrieved party ought not to be penalised for its lack of agility in entering
a falling market to purchase replacement goods in order to mitigate its loss.
The reality, however, is that, where the aggrieved party’s delay in entering a
falling market in such a scenario is unreasonable, the principle of mitigation
does operate to penalise the aggrieved party even though its delay has caused
no loss in the literal sense of the word (see _Patel and Another v Hooper &
Jackson (a firm)_ [1999] 1 WLR 1792).

28 The second reason why we are unconvinced by the “economic efficiency”
theory is that, if the law on mitigation were indeed solely underpinned by
concerns about economic efficiency, then an aggrieved party whose attempts at
mitigation generate even greater loss than the loss which would have arisen
had it done nothing at all should not be allowed to recover the additional
loss. Yet, the prevailing legal position is that, subject to the
reasonableness of the actions of the aggrieved party and the foreseeability of
its additional loss, recovery of such additional loss is allowed (see the
_dicta_ of Browne-Wilkinson LJ in _Gebruder Metelmann GmbH & Co KG v NBR
(London) Ltd_ [1984] 1 Lloyd’s Rep 614 at 633; see also _The “Sivand”_ [1998]
2 Lloyd’s Rep 97).

29 Prof Bridge concluded, after analysing all the relevant authorities, that
“[n]o single [factor] sufficiently explains the requirement of mitigation as a
general rule” (see Prof Bridge’s article at p 410). Instead, it would be more
accurate to see the principle of mitigation as the product of a complex
amalgam of competing sensibilities – one that reflects “several impulses that
mollify the strictness of contractual obligation and that are hard, perhaps
impossible, to rationalise in their totality” (see Prof Bridge’s article at pp
407–408). We agree.

30 We should at the same time point out that the complexity involved in
identifying a single theoretical justification for the principle of mitigation
belies the singular practical focus of the central inquiry which lies at the
heart of this principle – namely, the inquiry into whether or not the
aggrieved party acted reasonably to mitigate its loss (“the reasonableness
inquiry”). Reasonableness forms the one identifiable foundation on which this
inquiry – and, in turn, the principle of mitigation – rests. The central
question which underpins the reasonableness inquiry is what a reasonable and
prudent man in the trade would have done in the ordinary course of his
business if he had been in the aggrieved party’s shoes (_per_ James LJ in
_Dunkirk Colliery Company v Lever_ (1878) 9 Ch D 20 at 25). Naturally, any
answer to the question “What would the reasonable businessman have done?” can,
will and may reflect a wide range of values and concerns, some of which may
compete with and/or contradict others. For instance, while the principle of
mitigation does not require an aggrieved party to nurse the defaulting party’s
interests at the expense of its own interests (see _Harlow & Jones, Ltd v
Panex (International), Ltd_ [1967] 2 Lloyd’s Rep 509 at 530 _per_ Roskill J),
it has also long been said that the aggrieved party must act with both the
defaulting party’s interests as well as its own interests in mind (see
_Smailes and Son v Hans Dessen and Co_ (1906) 94 LT 492 at 493 _per_ Channell
J).

31 The existence of the duty to mitigate may also appear to be an unfair
obligation to impose on the aggrieved party as it is the innocent party in
relation to a breach of contract (in that the defaulting party is to blame for
the breach of contract). To minimise any potential unfairness to the aggrieved
party in this regard, the courts have sought to ensure that the standard of
reasonableness required of the aggrieved party will not be too difficult to
meet (see, _eg_ , _OCBC Securities Pte Ltd v Phang Yul Cher Yeow and another
action_ [1997] 3 SLR(R) 906 at [86]). For instance, the aggrieved party is not
required to act in a way which exposes it to financial or moral hazard, such
as taking steps which might jeopardise its commercial reputation or partaking
in hazardous litigation against a third party to reduce its loss (see _Goode
on Commercial Law_ (Ewan McKendrick ed) (LexisNexis, 4th Ed, 2009) at p 136 as
well as _McGregor on Damages_ at paras 7-081 and 7-087). The requisite
standard of reasonableness is said to be an objective one; yet, it clearly
also takes into account subjective circumstances such as the aggrieved party’s
financial position (see below at [58]). The reasonableness inquiry, therefore,
falls short of being purely objective.

32 The many sub-rules, qualifications and nuances that have built up around
the reasonableness inquiry may not infrequently appear to be confusing and
unwieldy. Nevertheless, when one takes a step back to look at the object of
this inquiry as a whole, it becomes clear that the inquiry amounts to nothing
more than the common law’s attempt to reflect _commercial and fact-sensitive
fairness_ at the remedial stage of a legal inquiry into the extent of
liability on the defaulting party’s part. The concept of reasonableness in the
context of mitigation is a flexible one. In essence, it bars an aggrieved
party from profiting or behaving unreasonably at the expense of the defaulting
party, and encapsulates complex interplaying notions of responsibility and
fairness. As with any principle of law that encapsulates notions of fairness,
the principle of mitigation confers on the courts considerable discretion in
evaluating the facts of the case at hand in order to arrive at a commercially
just determination. The principle embodies a fact-centric flexibility which,
whilst remaining in harmony with sound business practice, stands in vivid
contrast to the strictness with which rules in other areas of contract law are
applied.

33 Turning specifically to the situation where a contract for the carriage of
goods by sea is breached due to the shipowner’s failure to provide the
charterer with the promised vessel, the usual mitigation measures involve the
charterer (which is the aggrieved party in this scenario) either engaging an
alternative vessel to carry the same goods or obtaining substitute goods at
the intended place of delivery. The charterer need only act reasonably in
deciding which of these alternative measures to adopt. It will usually,
however, be bound to adopt the least costly option (see _McGregor on Damages_
at para 27-049). Ordinarily speaking, if a substitute vessel is available on
reasonable terms, the charterer ought to mitigate its loss by engaging that
vessel (see the _dicta_ of Moore-Bick J in _Fyffes Group Ltd and Caribbean
Gold Ltd v Reefer Express Lines Pty Ltd and Reefkrit Shipping Inc (The “Kriti
Rex”)_ [1996] 2 Lloyd’s Rep 171 at 193). If the charterer cannot get a ship of
the same size as that which it originally chartered, it is entitled to take
the next best reasonable option that is available, which may include
chartering a larger vessel if a failure to do so will cause greater loss to
the defaulting party (see Raoul Colinvaux, _Carver’s Carriage by Sea_ (Stevens
& Sons, 13th Ed, 1982) at vol 2, para 2178). In this regard, it should be
noted that _Carver’s Carriage by Sea_ cautions at the same time (at vol 2,
para 2142) that the charterer must not act in “an imprudent or extravagant
manner”.

34 The reasonableness inquiry, therefore, is very much a factual one (see
Andrew Phang Boon Leong, _Cheshire, Fifoot and Furmston’s Law of Contract:
Second Singapore and Malaysian Edition_ (Butterworths Asia, 1998) at p 1029).
For this reason, case precedents are of limited guidance as they are specific
to their particular factual matrices. Indeed, the dispute in this case
essentially boils down to the proper application of the settled principles
outlined above to the facts. Ultimately, the questions that need to be asked
(and determined) are:

(a) whether – having regard to the potential damages which the respondent
would have to pay Agrima if, as a result of the appellant’s default, it failed
to deliver the palm oil due under the Agrima contracts – it was reasonable of
the respondent to persist in seeking ever lower rates of freight for the
_Puma_ when chartering that vessel on the terms offered by her owners would
have allowed the respondent to both mitigate its own loss as well as reduce
the damages payable by the appellant; and

(b) whether the reasons that caused the respondent to reject the terms offered
for the charter of the _Puma_ could justify the Judge’s decision to increase
the damages claimable by the respondent from the appellant.

The basis for the Judge’s decision

35 The Judge gave several reasons why she found the respondent’s failure to
charter the _Puma_ reasonable. These included the following:

(a) Negotiating over the cost of hire was not _per se_ an unreasonable act,
and the AR erred in holding that the respondent was merely trying to maximise
the profits which could be made from chartering the _Puma_.

(b) It was prudent of the respondent to avoid conveying information of the
_Asia Star_ ’s rejection to Agrima and the Suppliers until a viable
alternative vessel had been found.

(c) It was not clear that both Indomas and Agrima would not have cancelled
their respective contracts with the respondent (and would instead have agreed
to further extensions of the relevant deadlines) if they had been informed of
the _Puma_ ’s availability.

36 The Judge’s most significant finding, however, concerned the failure of the
respondent to commit itself to the final freight rate offered by the owners of
the _Puma_. The appellant, both before the AR and before the Judge, made much
of the fact that the negotiations between the respondent and the owners of the
_Puma_ appeared to have abruptly broken down solely over the relatively paltry
difference of just US$2.00 pmt in the proposed freight rate. The Judge found
the appellant’s arguments overly simplistic. She pointed out that the
difference between the amount payable for chartering the _Puma_ based on the
respondent’s proposal and the amount payable based on the proposal of the
_Puma_ ’s owners was significant once two factors were taken into account,
namely: (a) the dead freight payable in respect of at least 14,500 mt of
unutilised cargo space on board the _Puma_ (due to her larger capacity),
taking the difference between the maximum cargo capacity of the _Puma_ (which
her owners were willing to peg at 36,000mt) and the minimum quantity of cargo
to be carried on board the _Asia Star_ (_viz_ , 21,500mt of palm oil (see [4]
above)); and (b) the lump sum payments which the respondent proposed to make
(in place of rateable charges) for each additional load port and each
additional discharge port (see the Judge’s judgment at [64]).

37 The additional cost which the respondent would have incurred if it had
chartered the _Puma_ was a critical consideration for the Judge in two ways.
First, she was of the view that this factor justified her finding that the
respondent’s conduct in negotiating with the owners of the _Puma_ in order to
reduce the quantum of the additional sum payable could not, without more,
amount to unreasonable conduct. Second, and more crucially, she regarded the
additional cost to the respondent as being substantial enough to make it
unreasonable to expect the respondent to incur that additional expenditure. It
would, according to the Judge, have amounted to requiring the respondent to
risk its money, which was not part and parcel of the obligation imposed by the
principle of mitigation on an aggrieved party.

The parties’ arguments on appeal

38 On appeal, the respondent supported the Judge’s reasoning by arguing that a
defaulting party must take an impecunious aggrieved party as it found the
latter. It pointed to the oral testimony of its head of chartering/operations,
Mr Sheik Abdul Malik Mohamed Kassim (“Mr Malik”), to support its contention
that the additional payment of US$399,500 which it would have had to make had
it hired the _Puma_ did amount, both objectively and subjectively, to a big
drain on its resources.

39 The appellant, on its part, criticised the Judge’s reasoning and argued
that a reasonable person in the respondent’s shoes would have chartered the
_Puma_ (or would at least have arranged to charter it on a “subject to” basis)
for the following reasons:

(a) The failure by the respondent to deliver the promised 21,500mt of palm oil
to Agrima and to take delivery of the 24,500mt of palm oil purchased from the
Suppliers could have exposed it to potentially large (or “ruinous” (see [38]
of the AR’s judgment)) claims from the respective parties concerned.

(b) The cost of hiring the _Puma_ as a replacement vessel was neither
objectively prohibitive nor a large drain on the respondent’s resources.

(c) The potential additional expenses that would have been incurred by the
respondent if it had chartered the _Puma_ (which would have worked out to
US$399,500 at most) were not nearly as prohibitive as the potential loss which
the respondent would have faced if it had failed to deliver the Cargo (the
potential loss worked out in the end to over US$1m).

(d) The issue of having to pay dead freight if the _Puma_ were chartered was
not an obstacle in reality as the real reason for the respondent’s reluctance
to accept the terms proposed by the owners of the _Puma_ was the respondent’s
desire to earn a larger profit by driving the freight rate down.

40 The appellant submitted that, while it was not unreasonable of the
respondent to have negotiated with the owners of the _Puma_ for a better
freight rate, it _was_ unreasonable of the respondent to fail to continue
those negotiations when it knew that it was unlikely to find another ship and
would be exposed to even greater loss if it failed to deliver the Cargo. The
appellant also argued that the Judge erred in substituting her own judgment
for the AR’s finding that it was unreasonable of the respondent to have failed
to notify Agrima and the Suppliers of the availability of the _Puma_ and to
have failed to ask for further extensions of time. The Judge, it was
submitted, should have respected the AR’s decision as it was made with the AR
having had the benefit of seeing and hearing the witnesses in person as they
gave evidence in court. Consequently, the appellant contended, the failure by
the respondent to act reasonably to mitigate its loss meant that the damages
which it could recover should be limited to the additional cost which it would
have incurred if it had chartered the _Puma_ as reasonably required. This
additional sum would amount to US$399,500 at most. The appellant submitted
alternatively that, if dead freight were left out of the equation (as it
suggested), the respondent would not incur any additional cost at all in
chartering the _Puma_ as a replacement vessel as the freight rate for the
_Puma_ was actually lower than that for the _Asia Star_.

Whether the respondent acted reasonably to mitigate its loss

Overview

41 We accept the Judge’s ruling that the mere act of negotiating for a more
advantageous deal cannot in itself be regarded as unreasonable. The duty to
mitigate requires the respondent to do what is reasonable in the ordinary
course of business and, in the present case, no reasonable or prudent
businessman would undertake to charter a replacement ship without attempting
to reduce the cost of doing so. In our view, the lack of other available
replacement vessels at the material time (apart from the _Puma_) only affected
the respondent’s bargaining power and the likelihood of the negotiations
between the respondent and the _Puma_ ’s owners concluding on terms favourable
to the former. In other words, the reasonableness or otherwise of the act of
negotiating _per se_ cannot be called into question in the present case. The
issue of reasonableness does not, therefore, turn on the respondent’s conduct
in negotiating with the _Puma’s_ owners; it turns instead on the question of
whether the sum of US$399,500 which the respondent would have had to pay if it
had chartered the _Puma_ was really, proportionately speaking, so large an
additional upfront cost as to ultimately warrant the respondent’s decision
_not_ to charter that vessel – even on a provisional “subject to contract”
basis. We should add that, in our view, the Judge was correct in determining
that the Charterparty terminated on the evening of 19 January 2004 and that
the duty to mitigate arose the next day (see the Judge’s judgment at [57]).

The appropriate level of judicial scrutiny in assessing whether an aggrieved
party’s conduct in mitigation was reasonable

42 At the outset, the respondent contended that this court should not evaluate
the reasonableness or otherwise of its (the respondent’s) conduct in
mitigation by combining the unsympathetic vision of hindsight with the use of
a fine-toothed legal comb. Ultimately, the respondent’s contentions on this
issue boiled down to a single proposition, namely: the court should not
subject the mitigation actions taken by an aggrieved party to a minute-by-
minute, day-by-day scrutiny with the benefit of hindsight, which form of
scrutiny would benefit the defaulting party.

43 There is certainly support for the view that the court should adopt a
generous approach in assessing the aggrieved party’s conduct in mitigation.
The respondent relied in particular upon Lord Macmillan’s oft-cited
observations in _Banco de Portugal v Waterlow and Sons, Limited_ [1932] AC 452
(“ _Banco de Portugal_ ”) at 506 as follows:

Where the sufferer from a breach of contract finds himself in consequence of
that breach placed in a position of embarrassment[,] the measures which he may
be driven to adopt in order to extricate himself ought not to be weighed in
nice scales at the instance of the party whose breach of contract has
occasioned the difficulty. It is often easy after an emergency has passed to
criticize the steps which have been taken to meet it, but _such criticism does
not come well from those who have themselves created the emergency. The law is
satisfied if the party placed in a difficult situation by reason of the breach
of a duty owed to him has acted reasonably in the adoption of remedial
measures, and he will not be held [to be] disentitled to recover the cost of
such measures merely because the party in breach can suggest that other
measures less burdensome to him might have been taken_. [emphasis added]

In a similar vein, the High Court in _Jia Min Building Construction Pte Ltd v
Ann Lee Pte Ltd_ [2004] 3 SLR(R) 288 (“ _Jia Min Building Construction_ ”)
noted at [73] that:

Mitigation is neither an exact science nor a mathematical exercise. It must be
viewed through a commercial lens and measured by commercial common sense. The
court will not audit every decision made in the turmoil of a difficult and
fluid commercial situation.

44 While we certainly agree with the foregoing observations, we must also
emphasise that they must be understood in their proper context. In _Banco de
Portugal_ , the aggrieved party had in fact taken _some_ action to mitigate
the situation which it found itself in, _viz_ , it had withdrawn the entire
series of compromised notes and had undertaken to exchange all such notes
which were presented to it within a limited time. Lord Macmillan’s comments
(at 506) were made in response to the defaulting party’s invitation to the
court to find that the aggrieved party should have taken some _other_ action
which would have reduced its loss even further. There were good reasons for
Lord Macmillan to caution that the court should not adopt too stringent a
standard in enforcing the duty to mitigate _vis-à-vis_ an aggrieved party –
the court is not, after all, the best-equipped arbiter of economic efficiency
and the options available to the aggrieved party at the material time. Thus,
in cases such as _Banco de Portugal_ , the correct approach for the court to
take would be to refrain from engaging in an exacting scrutiny of the
aggrieved party’s every act and/or omission. In this regard, it is important
to bear in mind that the question which the principle of mitigation requires
the court to determine is whether the mitigation measures taken by the
aggrieved party were reasonable, and not whether the aggrieved party took the
best possible measures to reduce its loss.

45 Having said that, we are of the view that Lord Macmillan’s observations (at
506 of _Banco de Portugal_) apply less strongly in a case where the aggrieved
party rejected a reasonable opportunity to reduce its own loss. In other
words, while it may be a general principle of the law on mitigation that the
court will not nicely weigh on sensitive scales the measures taken by an
aggrieved party to mitigate its loss, this principle will ordinarily apply
more strongly in cases where the question before the court is whether the
aggrieved party engaged in unreasonable _action_ as opposed to unreasonable
_inaction_. Once the defaulting party establishes that the aggrieved party had
reasonable options before it, greater justification will usually be needed
from the aggrieved party which, despite knowing that it must act reasonably to
mitigate its loss, does nothing at all. After all, the duty to mitigate
encapsulates a policy consideration of the law that, once a civil wrong has
occurred, the aggrieved party should be encouraged to be self-reliant or
proactive in attempting to reduce its loss, instead of pinning all its loss on
the defaulting party (see Andrew Burrows, _Remedies for Torts and Breach of
Contract_ (Oxford University Press, 3rd Ed, 2004) at p 122). Doing nothing at
all will only infrequently be the most efficient, the most reasonable or the
least costly option available to an aggrieved party. In the final analysis,
both Lord Macmillan’s comments in _Banco de Portugal_ and the High Court’s
remarks in _Jia Min Building Construction_ merely suggest that the standard of
reasonableness is to be applied in a practical and commonsensical way, with
particular sympathy for the aggrieved party. These cautionary remarks do no
more than colourfully reiterate what has already been factored into the
subjective element inherent in the reasonableness inquiry.

Whether it would have been reasonable for the respondent to pay an additional
US$399,500 to charter the Puma

46 We now return to the question posed at [41] above, namely: was the sum of
US$399,500 which the respondent would have had to pay if it had chartered the
_Puma_ really so large an additional upfront cost as to justify the
respondent’s failure to charter that vessel? The Judge clearly thought that
this sum was objectively substantial enough to invoke the rule that an
aggrieved party “ _need not risk [its] money too far_ ” [emphasis in original]
(see _McGregor on Damages_ at para 7-078).

47 It is, of course, axiomatic that the duty to mitigate has its limits. It
cannot oblige an aggrieved party to incur great expense or put itself to great
inconvenience in stemming the loss resulting from the defaulting party’s
breach. Thus, in _Lesters Leather & Skin Company, Ltd v Home & Overseas
Brokers, Ltd_ (1948) 82 Ll L Rep 202 at 205, Lord Goddard CJ observed that,
where a contract for the sale of goods was breached by the seller failing to
deliver the promised goods, the prospective purchaser was not:

… bound to go hunting [all over] the globe to find out where he can get
[replacement goods] and then have them shipped, months after the contract
time, so that they will arrive [at their intended destination] many months
after the date [on] which, had they been shipped in accordance with the
contract, they would have arrived.

In this regard, it is important to bear in mind that it is always a question
of fact as to what amounts to too great an expense for the aggrieved party to
incur or too great a risk of its money.

48 We note that the Judge found the Canadian case of _Elizabeth Jean Costello
and Mary Ann Dickhoff v The City of Calgary_ (1995) 163 AR 241 (“ _Costello v
Calgary (No 1)_ ”) particularly instructive and made a lengthy reference to it
(see [71]–[72] of the Judge’s judgment). In _Costello v Calgary (No 1)_ , the
plaintiffs applied for permission to build a 40-room motel on their land
(known as “Ranch Site”), but any possible development was frozen as a result
of the defendant city authority’s wrongful expropriation of the land. After
the expropriation of Ranch Site was ruled to be illegal by the Supreme Court
of Canada, the plaintiffs sued the defendant for damages for trespass. The
defendant argued that the damages should be reduced to reflect the failure by
the plaintiffs to mitigate their loss by acquiring or developing a similar
motel on a different parcel of land. The Judge set out the ruling of the
Alberta Court of Queen’s Bench on this argument as follows (see [71] of the
Judge’s judgment, quoting from _Costello v Calgary (No 1)_ at 285–286):

The court made the following observations in relation to the [plaintiffs’]
duty to mitigate:

… the evidence also established that the [plaintiffs] had sufficient credit
capability to make such a purchase [_ie_ , to purchase another plot of land as
a replacement for Ranch Site] had they so wished. However, the point is that
the argument of the [defendant] must be rejected because it has failed to
establish that other comparable property was available at [the] equivalent
compensation [which] the [defendant] was offering, and the law is clear that
the plaintiffs need not incur unreasonable expenses to mitigate a loss caused
by the [d]efendant. …

49 We pause to note that the Judge felt that the present case was (see [72] of
the Judge’s judgment):

… similar to _Costello v Calgary [(No 1)]_ in the sense that the expenditure
required to avoid the loss was a substantial amount and it would have been
unreasonable to require the [respondent] to undertake it.

Curiously, this observation was made despite the fact that the plaintiffs in
_Costello v Calgary (No 1)_ could, on the facts of that case, have afforded to
purchase an alternative plot of land – _ie_ , in _Costello v Calgary (No 1)_ ,
there was no issue of the aggrieved party being impecunious or being unable to
afford the cost of adopting the particular mitigation measure which, according
to the defaulting party, should have been taken.

50 Having carefully read the above extract from _Costello v Calgary (No 1)_ at
285–286 which was cited in the Judge’s judgment at [71], we find that we are
unable to derive any guidance from it. The Judge cited only a portion of what
Rooke J said at 285–286 of _Costello v Calgary (No 1)_. The following is a
more complete version of what Rooke J held (see _Costello v Calgary (No 1)_ at
285–286):

[T]here is a further reason for rejecting this argument [that the plaintiffs
should have mitigated their loss by purchasing a replacement property]. Even
if there had been such a duty (and I have found in law there was not), the
evidence does not support the [defendant’s] argument. The evidence of the
[plaintiffs], which I accept as fact, is that they were unable to acquire a
comparable property for the value that the [defendant] was offering at the
time of the purported expropriation. … As at the time of the purported
expropriation (November 20, 1972), [the defendant’s expert appraiser] could
point … to no comparable property on MacLeod Trail [where Ranch Site was
located] as low as the [defendant’s] offered value. … I note that, in [_Marsan
v Grand Trunk Pacific Railway Co_ (1912) 1 DLR 850], the plaintiff endeavoured
to secure other suitable property, but was unable to do so, and the court held
(headnote and at 695):

“If other suitable premises were in fact available for [the plaintiff] for his
purpose I think it was incumbent upon the defendant to show that these could
have been secured without unreasonable expense and trouble.”

Here the evidence, which I accept, is to the contrary, namely that the
[plaintiffs] could not acquire other comparable property at the price the
[defendant] was offering for … Ranch Site, and the [d]efendant … has not met
the onus placed upon it – indeed, even at trial it could not identify one such
truly comparable property, and only one at any location in Calgary.
Furthermore, while it was under no statutory duty to do so under the then
existing [expropriation legislation], it is relevant to note that at no time
did the [defendant] tender any compensation to assist in that purpose …
_although the evidence also established that the [plaintiffs] had sufficient
credit capability to make such a purchase had they so wished. However, the
point is that the argument of the [defendant] must be rejected because it has
failed to establish that other comparable property was available at [the]
equivalent compensation [which] the [defendant] was offering, and the law is
clear … that the plaintiffs need not incur unreasonable expenses to mitigate a
loss caused by the [d]efendant_.

[emphasis added]

51 It appears to us that, in _Costello v Calgary (No 1)_ , the argument that
the plaintiffs were not obliged to incur unreasonable expenses in mitigating
their loss was never applied to the facts of that case and was, on the face of
what Rooke J said at 285–286, added merely for completeness. The _dicta_ cited
from _Costello v Calgary (No 1)_ are not, in the ultimate analysis, really
helpful here. In the present case, there was an alternative ship available for
charter (_viz_ , the _Puma_), and the only issue was whether it was reasonable
to expect the respondent to pay upfront the additional US$399,500 needed to
charter that replacement vessel.

52 There is also a second dimension to Rooke J’s analysis in _Costello v
Calgary (No 1)_. In a passage preceding the extract reproduced at [50] above,
Rooke J emphatically stated that the plaintiffs were not required in law to
seek an alternative property (see _Costello v Calgary (No 1)_ at 285). Land is
regarded as physically and commercially unique. It is not easily replaced with
another plot of land or with money _per se_ – a fact recognised by the courts
through (_inter alia_) the remedy of specific performance of contracts
relating to land (see, _eg_ , _Hexter v Pearce_ [1900] 1 Ch 341 at 346 and
_Rudd v Lascelles_ [1900] 1 Ch 815 at 819). Thus, in _Costello v Calgary (No
1)_ , Rooke J was rightly sceptical of the defendant’s submissions that the
plaintiffs should have mitigated their loss by simply acquiring _some other_
plot of land. His statement that an aggrieved party should not be put to
“unreasonable expenses” (see _Costello v Calgary (No 1)_ at 286) should be
read in that light: almost any expense to replace something which is
irreplaceable or extremely difficult to replace (such as land) would be
unreasonable. Cases concerning carriage of goods by sea are, however, quite
different from cases concerning land. Ships may differ in terms of suitability
and availability for use, but they are generally not unique objects. The
expenses incurred in hiring a substitute vessel, therefore, can hardly be
described as unreasonable by reference to the arguments which apply in cases
concerning land.

53 We observe further that _Costello v Calgary (No 1)_ was a decision of the
Alberta Court of Queen’s Bench. There was, in fact, a subsequent decision by
the Alberta Court of Appeal which the Judge did not consider, _viz_ ,
_Costello et al v City of Calgary_ (1997) 152 DLR (4th) 453 (“ _Costello v
Calgary (No 2)_ ”). Picard JA, in delivering the judgment of the Alberta Court
of Appeal, employed a rather more sophisticated analysis in rejecting the
defendant’s submission that the plaintiffs should have mitigated their loss by
purchasing an alternative plot of land as a replacement for Ranch Site. He
reasoned at 482:

It is important to appreciate the significance of those figures [_ie_ , the
figures indicating the estimated market value of Ranch Site at the material
time]. As noted above, the duty to mitigate essentially is an obligation to
act reasonably in the circumstances. During the period in question
(1972–1983), the [plaintiffs] received appraisals as high as $226,570 and as
low as $112,410 [for Ranch Site]. They also knew that the [defendant] offered
to pay only $74,000 as a purchase price or $91,700 as compensation for an
expropriation. Moreover, while the [plaintiffs] suspected the invalidity of
the purported expropriation by February of 1976, the issue by no means was
clear. Indeed, while their argument eventually found favour with the Supreme
Court of Canada in January of 1983 …, the Court of Queen’s Bench … and the
Court of Appeal … both had held for the [defendant].

As viewed at the time in question, then, it was entirely possible that the
[defendant] was correct and that the [plaintiffs] eventually would receive
something in the order of $91,700 as compensation for the purported taking.
Certainly, that was the [defendant’s] position prior to the Supreme Court of
Canada’s decision. And yet, during oral argument in this appeal, counsel for
the [defendant] suggested that it would have been reasonable for the
[plaintiffs] to spend as much as $375,000 in mitigation of their losses. …
_[I]t would have been extremely speculative for the [plaintiffs] to have spent
$375,000 when there was a very real possibility that they ultimately would
recover from the [defendant] less than a third of that amount_.

[emphasis added]

54 Picard JA made it clear that hindsight should play no part in the
evaluation of the plaintiffs’ conduct. He reasoned that, as a matter of
commercial common sense, the court ought to look at the difference between the
amount which the plaintiffs would have had to expend in mitigation and the
amount which they could, at the material time, have expected to be able to
recover. Having compared the two figures, which indicated that the amount
which the plaintiffs would have had to spend in mitigation was nearly three
times the amount which they could have expected to receive as compensation,
Picard JA held that it would have been “extremely speculative” (see _Costello
v Calgary (No 2)_ at 482) for the plaintiffs to have risked such a large sum
of money.

55 Returning to the facts before us, the issue to be addressed is this: was
the sum of US$399,500 too great an expense to reasonably expect the respondent
to incur upfront in order to mitigate the loss flowing from the appellant’s
breach of the Charterparty? The Judge certainly felt that a global sum of
nearly US$0.5m was too much for the respondent to pay for a replacement ship.
She found some support for this conclusion in the testimony of Mr Malik, who
stated during cross-examination that the additional expenditure of US$399,500
was “too huge”[note: 2] and would amount to a “big drain”[note: 3] on the
respondent’s finances. It should be noted that this was a bare assertion by Mr
Malik and was, furthermore, made for the first time only in the course of
cross-examination.

56 In our view, the sum of US$399,500 must be assessed in its proper objective
context. The Agrima contracts had a total value of US$11,691,300, while the
purchase contracts had a combined value of US$10,137,500. Based on a rough
calculation of the difference between these two figures, the respondent would
have expected to make a profit of approximately US$1,553,800 from the
prospective sale of palm oil to Agrima. Rather than being similar to _Costello
v Calgary (No 1)_ , the facts of this case appear to be quite the opposite. In
_Costello v Calgary (No 1)_ , the expense to which the plaintiffs would have
been put had they bought an alternative piece of land as a mitigation measure
was nearly three times the amount which they could, at the material time, have
realistically expected to have recovered as compensation for their loss. In
contrast, in the present case, the potential expected loss – even if it is
viewed from the respondent’s perspective at the time of the appellant’s breach
– would have been far greater than the additional outlay required of the
respondent if it had chartered the _Puma_ as a mitigation measure. Indeed, the
respondent’s various heads of claim at the assessment of damages before the AR
amounted to nearly US$2m (see [16] above) – in comparison, the additional cost
which the respondent would have incurred had it hired the _Puma_ was less than
a third of that sum. For this reason, the additional sum of US$399,500 would
not, proportionately speaking, have been too great an outlay to expect the
respondent to incur, considering the “potentially ruinous damages” (see the
AR’s judgment at [38]) which it faced if it did nothing. After taking into
account the prevailing circumstances, we are not at all convinced that the
respondent was ever seriously concerned that expending an additional
US$399,500 would put a severe strain on its financial resources (_contra_ the
Judge’s view at [67] of the Judge’s judgment).

The alleged impecuniosity of the respondent

57 Our conclusion in the preceding paragraph also disposes of what we will
refer to as “the respondent’s impecuniosity argument” – _viz_ , the argument
that spending an additional US$399,500 to charter the _Puma_ would have been a
huge drain on the respondent’s resources. This was an entirely new argument
which counsel for the respondent raised before this court in support of the
Judge’s decision. It appears to us that it may have been the Judge’s reliance
on Mr Malik’s assertion that the additional sum of US$399,500 would have been
a “big drain”[note: 4] on the respondent’s resources (see [55] above) which
encouraged counsel for the respondent to pursue this new argument on appeal.

58 The respondent’s impecuniosity argument is based on the principle set out
in para 7-088 of _McGregor on Damages_ that “ _[an aggrieved party] will not
be prejudiced by [its] financial inability to take steps in mitigation_ ”
[emphasis in original]. This principle appears to be a corollary of the
eggshell-skull rule that the defaulting party must take the aggrieved party as
it finds the latter. If the position of the aggrieved party is aggravated
because it lacks the means to mitigate the loss suffered, the defaulting party
nevertheless remains answerable for the consequences flowing from its wrongful
act (see _The Clippens Oil Company, Limited v The Edinburgh and District Water
Trustees_ [1907] AC 291 at 303). Applied in the context of a claim for damages
for breach of contract, this rule entails that, so long as the aggrieved party
acts reasonably to mitigate its loss, it will not be disbarred from pursuing
its claim for the actual loss suffered simply because it was unable to take
certain mitigation measures which it could otherwise have taken had it had the
requisite financial resources.

59 In support of its contention that the additional outlay of US$399,500
needed for the charter of the _Puma_ would have put a severe strain on its
financial resources, the respondent relied entirely on Mr Malik’s _bare
assertion_ as outlined at [55] above. Counsel for the respondent was keen to
point out that Mr Malik’s assertion was never directly challenged by the
appellant. It was also brought to our attention that the words “big
drain”[note: 5] were first used by counsel for the appellant herself when she
cross-examined Mr Malik; the latter merely agreed to the use of those words to
describe the additional expenditure needed to charter the _Puma_. Relying, in
addition, on this court’s decision in _Ho Soo Fong and another v Standard
Chartered Bank_ [2007] 2 SLR(R) 181, counsel for the respondent argued that,
since an aggrieved party was not obliged to take measures which it could not
afford or which were financially prohibitive and onerous, the respondent’s
refusal to charter the _Puma_ as a replacement vessel at the freight rate
quoted by her owners was reasonable.

60 In our view, the respondent’s impecuniosity argument is not supported by
the facts before the court. The rule referred to in _McGregor on Damages_ at
para 7-088 (see above at [58]) is meant to protect an aggrieved party which is
handicapped by financial _inability_ from being compelled to take measures
that would be financially prohibitive. In the present case, there was no
objective evidence adduced by the respondent that the sum of US$399,500 _was_
indeed financially prohibitive. If the respondent intended to rely on such an
assertion, it had to adduce concrete evidence to establish that point – this,
it did not do.

61 In this regard, we should mention that the appellant relied on the case of
_Ho Pak Kim Realty Co Pte Ltd v Revitech Pte Ltd_ [2008] SGHC 230 as authority
for the proposition that a party which seeks to rely on its financial position
bears the burden of proving its own financial position. That case, we note,
addressed the specific question of what would constitute proof of
impecuniosity where a defendant applies for security for costs from a
plaintiff company on the basis that “there is reason to believe that the
[plaintiff company] will be unable to pay the costs of the defendant if
successful in his defence” (_per_ s 388(1) of the Companies Act (Cap 50, 2006
Rev Ed)).

62 In our view, a more pertinent statute to refer to would be the Evidence Act
(Cap 97, 1997 Rev Ed), which states as follows:

**Burden of proof as to particular fact**

**105**. The burden of proof as to any particular fact lies on that person who
wishes the court to believe in its existence, unless it is provided by any law
that the proof of that fact shall lie on any particular person.

…

**Burden of proving fact especially within knowledge**

**108**. When any fact is especially within the knowledge of any person, the
burden of proving that fact is upon him.

63 In the present case, the respondent wished to rely on the alleged fact that
the additional US$399,500 which it would have had to pay if it had chartered
the _Puma_ was a financially prohibitive sum that it could not afford – _ie_ ,
it wanted the court to believe in the existence of this fact (see s 105 of the
Evidence Act). This fact was “especially within the knowledge of [the
respondent]” for the purposes of s 108 of the Evidence Act since only the
respondent could be fully aware of all the relevant particulars of its own
financial position at the material time. Thus, in order to take advantage of
the principle set out in para 7-088 of _McGregor on Damages_ , the respondent
must satisfactorily establish with cogent evidence that it _was_ indeed unable
to afford to spend an additional US$399,500 at the material point in time. As
we mentioned earlier (at [60] above), the respondent failed to adduce such
evidence. _The only evidence raised by the respondent in its favour (apropos
its alleged impecuniosity) consisted of the bare assertion of Mr Malik – which
was an assertion made for the first time in the heat of cross-examination_.
The claim by the respondent that the sum of US$399,500 amounted to a “big
drain”[note: 6] on its resources was never made prior to Mr Malik’s cross-
examination and no objective evidence was ever adduced to support it. The only
“proof” cited by the respondent was “negative proof” in the form of the
appellant’s failure to query further Mr Malik’s testimony. Given these
circumstances, such “proof” is simply not a sufficient basis for this court to
regard the respondent’s alleged impecuniosity as having been proved.

64 We should also point out that Mr Malik’s testimony as to the respondent’s
alleged impecuniosity is particularly unconvincing in the light of two
additional factors. The first is that the respondent is a large company which
has been in the business of trading for some time, and currently trades in
about 800,000mt to 900,000mt of palm oil products a year (see [3] above).
While there is no evidence before the court of the respondent’s profitability,
some sense of this may be had from a rough calculation of the respondent’s
expected profit from the sale of palm oil to Agrima under the Agrima
contracts. That transaction alone would have resulted in an expected profit of
approximately US$1,553,800 (see [56] above). It is hard to believe that a
company which trades in such large volumes and which expects such a large
profit from a single transaction would find paying the relatively small sum of
US$399,500 a particular hardship. Second, while the Judge was right to point
out that the freight rate set out in the respondent’s final counter-offer to
the owners of the _Puma_ on 20 January 2004 (_ie_ , the counter-offer made by
the respondent at 5.32pm on that day) was lower overall than the freight rate
offered by the _Puma_ ’s owners, the total freight charges payable for the
_Puma_ based on that counter-offer would still have amounted to at least
US$231,500 more than the freight charges payable in respect of the _Asia
Star_. _Given that the respondent was clearly willing to consider paying over
US$200,000 for an alternative vessel, it is difficult to see why increasing
that sum by just a further US$168,000 (taking the difference between
US$399,500 and US$231,500) would suddenly make the additional cost involved in
hiring the_ Puma _onerous or, to paraphrase_ McGregor on Damages _at para
7-078 (see_[46]  _above), too far an amount to risk from the respondent’s
point of view_.

The respondent’s alleged concerns about dead freight

65 We now turn to the issue of dead freight, which was said to be another
reason underlying the respondent’s decision not to charter the _Puma_ as a
replacement vessel. At [68] of the Judge’s judgment, the Judge elaborated on
her reasons for finding that the respondent acted reasonably in not accepting
the last offer made by the owners of the _Puma vis-à-vis_ the charter of the
vessel as follows:

It turned out that the [respondent] would have lost less had its chartered the
_Puma_ and paid the dead freight on the basis of the rates quoted by the
[_Puma_ ’s] owners. This result cannot mean that the [respondent] was
unreasonable in putting forward a counteroffer. On 20 January 2004, the
[respondent] knew that it was faced with a substantial additional expenditure
for the _Puma_ but did not know what the reaction of [the Suppliers] and
[Agrima] would be. … If it had chartered the vessel [_ie_ , the _Puma_], the
[respondent] would have been exposed to very substantial dead freight and
would have had to risk expense in buying additional cargo at spot prices in
the hope that it would be able to sell that cargo at its destination. Such a
sub-sale might not have made a profit for it because, as the [appellant’s]
expert on palm oil trade testified, back-to-back buying/selling on the spot
market usually did not give a trader any profit margin due to the fact that
[the palm oil market] was a very open market. In order to make a profit, most
companies would take a position in that they would either buy in advance if
they thought the market was going up or they would sell in advance if they
thought the market was going down. Spot trading was not a desirable activity.

66 The above passage, when read alongside the comments at [69]–[70] of the
Judge’s judgment, creates the impression that the respondent was, at the time
of its negotiations with the owners of the _Puma_ , concerned about the
problems posed by dead freight. This, however, is not borne out by the facts.
The Judge also entered into a detailed analysis (see [64] of the Judge’s
judgment) of the difference between the last offer made by the _Puma_ ’s
owners (_ie_ , the offer made at 5.06pm on 20 January 2004) and the last
counter-offer made by the respondent (_ie_ , the counter-offer made at 5.32pm
on the same day). The effect of this was to magnify the problem of dead
freight supposedly faced by the respondent at the material time.

67 With respect, we do not find the Judge’s analysis on dead freight
persuasive. We note that the respondent, in its affidavit evidence and in its
witnesses’ testimony in court, did not assert that dead freight was a critical
factor in its decision not to hire the _Puma_. Whilst the respondent did claim
in its written submissions that it had been concerned about the additional
cost arising from dead freight as well as the difficulties of obtaining extra
cargo to carry and sell so as to reduce the dead freight payable (see, in this
regard, para 21 of the respondent’s written submissions filed on 15 November
2007,[note: 7] paras 159(vi)–159(vii) of the respondent’s written submissions
filed on 18 December 2007[note: 8] and paras 36–37 as well as para 42 of the
respondent’s written submissions filed on 11 July 2008),[note: 9] this
submission was flatly contradicted by Mr Malik (the respondent’s head of
chartering/operations) when he gave evidence in court. The following exchange
between the AR and Mr Malik during the hearing of the assessment of damages is
quite revealing:[note: 10]

Court: |  … [J]ust a hypothetical question. If the Puma [_sic_] had come back and agreed to your [US]$25.50 on the 20th [of January 2004], would you have chartered the ship immediately?  
---|---  
[Mr Malik]: |  _Most likely yes_ , but definitely I’ll put her on subs [_ie_ , engage her on a “subject-to-contract” basis] a day or 2.  
  
  

[emphasis added]

68 Evidently, the issue of dead freight was not as crucial to the respondent
as the Judge thought it to be. Furthermore, the issue of securing additional
cargo to transport and sell so as to reduce the dead freight payable in
respect of the _Puma_ was not a decisive consideration that resulted in the
respondent’s failure to charter that vessel. The critical factor was, instead,
the freight rate to be paid for the _Puma_ , as can be seen from the following
exchange between the AR and Mr Malik:[note: 11]

Court: |  … [A]s I understand from your affidavit [_ie_ , the affidavit of evidence in chief affirmed by Mr Malik on 17 September 2007], particularly paragraph 7 – I don’t think you need to refer to it, I’ll just tell you, and if you don’t agree you can refer to it – the only reason why you did not engage the Puma on the 20th of January 2004 was the freight rate. That’s as I understand your affidavit, do you agree? If you don’t agree, I can refer you to the line.  
---|---  
[Mr Malik]: |  Sorry, Sir, the dead weight?  
Court: |  The freight rate.  
[Mr Malik]: |  Uh-huh.  
Court: |  _That they_ [_ie_ , the _Puma_ ’s owners] _did not agree to your freight rate of USD25.50_.  
[Mr Malik]: |  _Yah, that was my main concern_.  
Court: |  That was your main concern, and that is why you did not engage the Puma?  
[Mr Malik]: |  Yah, because I have to make sure that the potential next cargo that we – I was thinking of is to Red Sea. So by carrying at 27½ [_ie_ , US$27.50 pmt], I’ll literally pay at least 7 to 6 dollars more for Red Sea quantity – I mean, for Red Sea volume of the 18 thousand and a half, so it’s – that again is a loss for us.  
  
  

[emphasis added]

69 In addition, we note that the respondent’s shipbroker was instructed to
send an e-mail on 21 January 2004 (the day after the negotiations between the
respondent and the owners of the _Puma_ broke down, but before the
cancellation of all of the respondent’s contracts with Indomas and the bulk of
the Agrima contracts) to an entity known as “Sound Tankers” asking it to
propose a vessel for the respondent to charter. The material parts of this
e-mail (“the 21 January 2004 e-mail”) are set out below:[note: 12]

Subject .. : Firm cargo

Attn tanker chartering

Re: Firm Enquiry

===

Please propose for following _firm cargo_ : –

_40,000mts_ ( 20K to east med + 20K to red sea )

Load : 1–2sp/1sb each out of Pasir Gudang/Port Klang/Belawan

Disch : 1–3sp/1sb each out of Tartous/Beirut/Mersin/

Izmer/Gebze/Terkidag.

Laycan : prompt onwards

* Need fosfa acceptable as immediate last cargo, 2nd & 3rd NOBL for Turkey ports.

* last 3 cargoes NOBL, acceptable for Tartous + Beirut ports.

Chtrs can also do smaller shipment (10–15K) to east med or red sea, basis
prompt dates.

Aw[a]it your offer, thanks.

[emphasis added]

70 The contents of the 21 January 2004 e-mail indicate that, even though the
respondent was supposedly reluctant to charter the _Puma_ due to the
additional costs (in terms of dead freight) flowing from her larger capacity,
it was still willing to charter and make a _firm offer_ for an equally large
vessel – albeit with the flexibility of having that vessel call at other ports
in addition to the original ports of discharge mentioned at [4] above. It
would appear that the respondent must have expected to make a profit from this
alternative charter. Thus, contrary to the Judge’s _ex post facto_
rationalisation, the evidence indicates that the problem of minimising the
dead freight payable did not vex the respondent. We do not, therefore, find
that the issue of dead freight and the purported difficulties of securing and
then selling off additional cargo in a disadvantageous spot market so as to
reduce the dead freight payable played any part in the respondent’s failure to
charter the _Puma_. The respondent cannot be said to have reasonably believed
that it would be assuming not only the risk of dead freight, but also the risk
of ending up with unsaleable cargo on its hands – the contemporaneous facts
simply do not support this.

Our decision on whether the respondent acted reasonably to mitigate its loss

71 In the final analysis, it seems to us that the respondent could, with
relative ease, have afforded the additional US$399,500 which it would have had
to pay had it chartered the _Puma_. The respondent knew that, ultimately, it
would be the appellant which would bear the burden of paying for the
additional cost of securing alternative transport. Counsel for the respondent
made the point that it would be a brave or foolhardy businessman who would
incur additional costs in mitigation in the face of uncertainty as to whether
those costs could be recovered later through legal recourse. While such a fear
may be reasonable where an inexperienced businessman is concerned, it bears
emphasis here that the respondent – whether viewed as a corporate entity as a
whole or in terms of the individuals who represent its directing mind and will
– cannot in any sense be said to be inexperienced in the ways of commerce. The
respondent has been in the business of importing and exporting raw materials,
commodities, consumer goods, timber products and building materials since its
incorporation in 1988. Mr Malik, its head of chartering/operations, also
considered himself to be experienced in ship chartering. While claiming that
this was the first breach of charterparty case which he had actually come
across himself, he affirmed during cross-examination that, based on his
understanding and knowledge of the market as he knew it, where a charterparty
was breached as a result of the shipowner failing to provide the promised
vessel, the first duty of the charterer (the aggrieved party in this scenario)
was to obtain a replacement vessel and then claim from the shipowner any loss
in terms of the freight payable for the replacement vessel. We also note that,
crucially, the respondent did not at the material time evince any concerns
about the appellant’s ability to reimburse it for the additional sum payable
if it hired the _Puma_.

72 In our view, one important issue which the Judge should have considered was
whether, in the circumstances, the respondent should have notified the
appellant of the option of chartering the _Puma_ at the freight rate offered
by her owners. This would have given the appellant the opportunity to object
to this option if it did not deem it reasonable. The essence of the
respondent’s submissions on this point was this: where additional expense had
to be incurred in mitigating loss, it was reasonable for an aggrieved party
which was experienced in the ways of business to simply unilaterally evaluate
whether the additional sum was an amount which it was willing to pay, and then
decide whether or not to proceed with the mitigation measure in question.
There is, according to the respondent, _no obligation whatsoever_ on the
aggrieved party’s part to notify or consult the defaulting party _vis-à-vis_
the available options for mitigating losses.

73 We find ourselves unable to agree with the respondent’s contention as an
absolute proposition. The more reasonable position appears to us to be that
encapsulated in _Mitchell and Another v Kahl and Others_ (1862) 175 ER 1250; 2
F&F 709 (“ _Mitchell v Kahl_ ”). In that case, the plaintiffs entered into a
contract, through the defendants, with the defendants’ principal for the
charter of a vessel. The charterparty was entered into on the basis of the
warranty by the defendants that they had the requisite authority to enter into
the contract on their principal’s behalf. In fact, the defendants had no such
authority and their principal subsequently objected to the charterparty. The
plaintiffs thus had to procure a larger replacement ship at a higher rate of
freight in order to transport their cargo. Several other pertinent facts are
stated in the (very short) judgment: first, there was positive evidence on the
part of the plaintiffs that they could not have obtained a smaller vessel as a
substitute; second, the plaintiffs did not give the defendants any notice of
the replacement vessel which had been chartered until after all the cargo in
question had been delivered by that vessel; and, third, it was not shown
whether or not the defendants could or would have used the surplus space on
board the replacement ship for their own purposes.

74 The issue before the court in _Mitchell v Kahl_ was the extent of the
defendants’ liability – specifically, whether the defendants should be liable
for the difference in freight based on only the tonnage of the original ship
or on the larger capacity of the replacement vessel. The plaintiffs,
naturally, claimed damages based on the latter measure. Cockburn CJ, in giving
his directions to the jury, made it clear at 1251; 711 that:

If you think either that the plaintiffs _might_ have got a smaller vessel,
_or_ that _they improperly neglected to give the defendants notice of the
substituted charter, so as to give [them] the option of using the surplus
space_ , you may find for the defendants; otherwise, for the plaintiffs, for
the sum claimed. [emphasis added]

The report goes on to note, without further elaboration, that judgment was
given in favour of the defendants.

75 It appears to us that the point which can be gleaned from Cockburn CJ’s
statement of the law (apropos the situation where the breach of a charterparty
takes on the form of a failure to provide the chartered vessel) is this: where
the aggrieved party has to incur substantial additional expenditure in
chartering a replacement vessel so as to mitigate its loss, it should
ordinarily notify the defaulting party of both the alternative vessel or
vessels available for charter as well as the particular course of action which
it (_ie_ , the aggrieved party) proposes to take. This would give both parties
an opportunity to consider, holistically, how their respective losses could be
minimised.

76 It seems to us that encouraging communication between the aggrieved party
and the defaulting party as regards the various mitigation measures available
accords with the notion of fairness, particularly where the aggrieved party
expends large sums on mitigation with a view to subsequently recovering those
sums from the defaulting party. From the wider policy perspective, such
communication will also help to minimise avoidable economic wastage. This is
not to say, however, that the aggrieved party must in every case invariably
give the defaulting party notice of the available mitigation options and the
particular option which it proposes to take. For example, there will not
infrequently be situations where the grave urgency of making a decision
renders such communication impractical. Absent such cases of urgency, however,
when an aggrieved party is required to come up with additional outlay in order
to mitigate its loss, it ought to inform the defaulting party of this and ask
the latter if it is willing to bear (or, in an appropriate case, to share) the
additional cost. It seems to us that this is what the objective standard of
reasonableness requires in the area of mitigation; indeed, this is no more
than what an experienced fair-minded businessman would ordinarily do in the
course of his business.

77 The approach outlined in the preceding paragraph will assist an aggrieved
party in fulfilling its duty to mitigate in more than one way. In _Remedies
for Torts and Breach of Contract_ , Prof Andrew Burrows suggests (at p 122)
that the duty to mitigate is best regarded as comprising two principles: the
first focuses on unreasonable inaction and the second, on unreasonable action.
The requirement that the aggrieved party notify the defaulting party of the
mitigation options available and of the particular option which it proposes to
take addresses the first of these principles by setting a standard _vis-à-vis_
the type of action which the aggrieved party should take. It also addresses
the second principle, which was raised as a concern by counsel for the
respondent in his oral submissions. Emphasising the uncertainty which the
respondent faced in the days immediately following the appellant’s breach,
counsel pointed out that, if the respondent had chartered the _Puma_ as a
replacement vessel, the likelihood was that the same parties would still be
before the court today, albeit arguing that the additional cost incurred in
hiring the _Puma_ was unreasonably incurred. In our view, that possibility
might have been avoided if the respondent had notified the appellant of the
intended additional expenditure and offered the appellant a choice to pay for
that sum or even use the surplus space on board the _Puma_ for its (the
appellant’s) own purposes. Had the appellant agreed to pay the additional
freight, the respondent might have avoided incurring any loss at all. On the
other hand, had the appellant opted not to pay the additional freight, it
would have faced an uphill task in convincing the court that the respondent
acted unreasonably in incurring the additional expense of chartering the
_Puma_ , especially when (in the hypothetical scenario discussed here) the
respondent had, quite reasonably, informed the appellant that the _Puma_ was
the only available replacement vessel and had offered it the opportunity to
either pay the additional freight involved or participate in the charter of
that vessel.

78 In summary, therefore, the respondent ought to have notified the appellant
of the availability of the _Puma_ and of the additional cost involved in
chartering her. Had the respondent done so and had the appellant been
unwilling to pay the additional cost, the respondent could have chartered the
_Puma_ , secure in the knowledge that it had acted reasonably and that the
court’s scrutiny would be focused instead on the appellant’s conduct. However,
as no notice was given in this case before the respondent’s abrupt decision to
forego the opportunity of hiring the _Puma_ , this is another ground for
concluding that the respondent failed to act reasonably to mitigate its loss.
It is thus limited to recovering only the sum of US$399,500 which it would
have incurred in additional costs if it had chartered the _Puma_.

Conclusion

79 To summarise, we find that the respondent did not take reasonable steps to
contain the loss which it knew it would incur by inaction. Having decided the
question of mitigation in the appellant’s favour, it is not necessary for us
to consider the third question before the Judge, which concerned the
appropriate measure of damages to adopt (see [19] above), even though it
appears to us that certain aspects of the Judge’s quantification may be
questionable.

80 We therefore allow this appeal (with the usual consequential orders) on the
basis that the respondent failed to take reasonable steps to mitigate its
loss. As a result, it is _not_ entitled to recover the full extent of the loss
which it allegedly suffered as a result of the appellant’s breach of the
Charterparty. In our view, the Judge was not justified in overruling the AR’s
well-reasoned findings of fact on the issue of mitigation (see above at
[17]–[18]). The respondent is thus entitled to recover only the sum of
US$399,500, which is the additional expense that it would have been put to had
it chartered the _Puma_ , together with interest on that sum fixed at 3% per
annum from the date on which the writ in the present action was filed until
payment. With regard to costs, the appellant is entitled to both the costs of
this appeal and the costs of the hearing before the Judge. As for the costs of
the hearing before the AR, we make no order as to those costs since each party
failed in several of the contentions which it canvassed at that hearing.

* * *

[note: 1]See the Appellant’s Core Bundle at vol 2, p 68.

[note: 2]See p 678 of the certified transcript of the notes of evidence (“the
NE”) of the hearing before the AR on 11 October 2007 (at Record of Appeal
(“ROA”) vol 3(G), p 2046).

[note: 3]See p 668 of the NE of the hearing before the AR on 11 October 2007
(at ROA vol 3(G), p 2036).

[note: 4]_Ibid_.

[note: 5]_Ibid_.

[note: 6]_Ibid_.

[note: 7]See ROA vol 6(A), pp 3643–3644.

[note: 8]See ROA vol 6(B), pp 4036–4037.

[note: 9]See ROA vol 6(C), pp 4284–4289 and pp 4292–4293 respectively.

[note: 10]See the NE of the hearing before the AR on 12 October 2007 at p 724
(at ROA vol 3(G), p 2095).

[note: 11]See the NE of the hearing before the AR on 12 October 2007 at p 723
(at ROA vol 3(G), p 2094).

[note: 12]See ROA vol 5(A), p 2832.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 19 Mar 2010 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

