Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Selvam Raju _v_ Camelron General Contractors and another  
[2010] SGHC 68

Case Number| :| Originating Summons No 333 of 2008  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 03 March 2010  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Choo Han Teck J  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Perumal Athitham and P Kamala Dewi (Yeo Perumal Mohideen
Law Corporation) for the appellant; Ramesh Appoo (Just Law LLC) for the
respondents.  
Parties| :|  Selvam Raju — Camelron General Contractors and another  
  
3 March 2010| Judgment reserved.  
---|---  
  
Choo Han Teck J:

1 This was an appeal against the decision of the Commissioner under the
Workmen’s Compensation Act (Cap 354, 1998 Rev Ed) (“the Act”) refusing the
Appellant’s claim for compensation for his injury. The Commissioner had ruled
that the injury was not caused by an accident arising out of and in the course
of his employment with the 1st Respondent. The 2nd Respondent is the 1st
Respondent’s insurer. The Appellant appealed to the High Court under s 29 of
the Act.

2 The Appellant’s claim before the Commissioner was made on the basis that he
suffered an injury to his back when he was dismantling a lift motor. His
report of the accident to the Ministry of Manpower stated that he had been
carrying the motor with the assistance of three other workers when he heard a
cracking sound in his lower back. At the hearing before the Commissioner,
however, he claimed that he had injured himself when he had stretched out in
order to prevent the motor from falling into the lift shaft. After hearing the
Appellant’s testimony, the Commissioner produced the Appellant’s statement to
the Ministry of Manpower and highlighted the inconsistencies. That statement
had only been in the possession of the Commissioner and had not hitherto been
available to either the Appellant or the Respondents. The Appellant maintained
that the version of events he gave in oral testimony was true. The Respondents
applied to impeach the Appellant’s credibility. The Commissioner found that
the Appellant’s credibility was impeached on account of the material
discrepancies between the reported account of the accident, the statement
given to the Ministry of Manpower and the Appellant’s evidence before him. The
Commissioner stated in his grounds of decision that the Appellant’s account of
the accident was not corroborated by his own witness and the medical reports.
It was also not put to any of the Respondents’ witnesses that they had lied
when testifying that there had been no accident on the day the injury was
allegedly sustained. As a result, the Commissioner found that the Appellant
had failed to establish that his injury had been caused by an accident arising
out of and in the course of his employment and denied his claim for
compensation under the Act.

3 In the appeal before me, the Appellant applied for the Commissioner’s
decision to be set aside as erroneous in law for three reasons: first, the
Commissioner failed to apply the presumption found in s 3(6) of the Act;
second, the Commissioner should not have used the Appellant’s recorded
statement from the Ministry of Manpower to impeach the latter’s credit; and
third, the Commissioner’s provision and use of the statement gave rise to a
reasonable doubt of bias against the Appellant and amounted to conduct of the
proceedings in an unfair and prejudicial manner. I shall address the third
limb of the Appellant’s case first.

4 The Respondents’ counsel argued that allegations of bias on the part of the
Commissioner must be made by way of judicial review and not appeal. This was
to enable the Attorney-General to be heard at the proceedings and respond on
the Commissioner’s behalf. Counsel pointed out that in all the authorities
cited by the Appellant, bias was alleged in the context of judicial review:
see _R v Sussex Justices, ex parte McCarthy_ [1924] 1 KB 256; _Metropolitan
Properties Co. (F.G.C.) Ltd v Lannon & Ors_ and _R v London Rent Assessment
Panel Committee, ex parte Metropolitan Properties Co. (F.G.C.) Ltd_ [1969] 1
QB 577; _De Souza Lionel Jerome v A-G_ [1993] 3 SLR(R) 552; and _Re Singh
Kalpanath_ [1992] 1 SLR(R) 595. Thus, any allegation of a breach of the rules
of natural justice must be raised exclusively within the judicial review
process. Counsel for the Appellant disagreed. It was feared that the court
would not grant judicial review remedies in cases where Parliament had already
provided a specific process for appeal. Counsel for the Appellant referred to
_R v Epping and Harlow General Commissioners, ex parte Goldstraw_ [1983] 3 All
ER 257, _R v Secretary of State for the Home Department, ex parte Swati_
[1986] 1 WLR 477, and _Ex parte Waldron_ [1986] QB 824 to support his
proposition.

5 This apparent conflict of authorities reflects a tension between the
procedural exclusivity of judicial review and statutory avenues specifically
provided by Parliament. In the context of this case, it seemed to me that
resolution between the two turned on a reading of the statutory provisions of
the Act. Section 29(1) provides that any person aggrieved by any order of the
Commissioner may appeal to the High Court; s 29(2A) states that no appeal
shall lie against any order unless it involves a substantial question of law.
The crucial question, therefore, is whether the question of alleged bias on
the part of the Commissioner amounts to a substantial question of law. If it
does, then I may hear the Appellant’s allegations via the statutory appeal
route provided in s 29 of the Act; if it does not, then the Appellant’s appeal
in respect of the allegation of bias must be dismissed and judicial review
proceedings brought instead.

6 Does the question whether there has been bias on the part of the
Commissioner amount to a substantial question of law? In my view, it does not.
In _Next of Kin of Ramu Vanniyar Ravichandran v Fongsoon Enterprises (Pte)
Ltd_ [2008] 3 SLR(R) 105, I held that the appellant’s arguments amounted to
questions of law because they related to the application of principles of
agency law and presumptions of law in the statute. I found that they were
substantial questions as they “[were] likely to feature in most workmen’s
compensation cases...” My approach was similar to that taken in _Northern
Elevator Manufacturing Sdn Bhd v United Engineers (Singapore) Pte Ltd (No 2)_
[2004] 2 SLR(R) 494 (“Northern Elevator”), where the phrase “question of law”
was defined narrowly in the context of (what was then) s 28 of the Arbitration
Act (Cap 10, 1985 Rev Ed). The Court of Appeal distinguished between an error
of law where the court had no jurisdiction to conduct judicial review and a
question of law where it had, and stated that:

18 An opportunity arose for comment in _Ahong Construction (S) Pte Ltd v
United Boulevard Pte Ltd_ [1993] 2 SLR(R) 208. In that case, G P Selvam JC (as
he then was) stated at [7]:

A question of law means a _point of law in controversy_ which has to be
resolved after opposing views and arguments have been considered. It is a
matter of substance the determination of which will decide the rights between
the parties. If the point of law is settled and not something novel and it is
contended that the arbitrator made an error in the application of the law
there lies no appeal against that error for there is no question of law which
calls for the opinion of the court… [emphasis added]

19 To our mind, a “question of law” must necessarily be a finding of law which
the parties dispute, that requires the guidance of the court to resolve…

7 Some courts applied the _Northern Elevator_ principle more liberally. In the
workmen’s compensation case of _Karuppiah Ravichandran v GDS Engineering Pte
Ltd_ [2009] 3 SLR(R) 1028 (“Karuppiah”), Kan Ting Chiu J accepted a wider
definition of what constituted a “question of law” under the Act – though he
held that not every finding of fact (even if it were manifestly wrong)
necessarily amounted to a substantial question or error of law (at [15] –
[16]). The basis of his reasoning was the decision of Andrew Ang J in _Ng Swee
Lang v Sasson Samuel Bernard_ [2008] 1 SLR(R) 522 (“Ng Swee Lang”). There, a
distinction was drawn between appeals on a “question of law” from an
arbitrator’s award and appeals from the decisions of statutory boards. In the
latter a “question of law” would include a range of issues which, under the
_Northern Elevator_ approach, would have been considered mere errors of law.
Kan J accepted (as Ang J had before him) the full range of errors of law found
in _Halsbury’s Laws of England_ vol 1(1) (Butterworths, 4th Ed Reissue,
1989)(“Halsbury’s”), para 70:

… misinterpretation of a statute or any other legal document or a rule of
common law; asking oneself and answering the wrong question, taking irrelevant
considerations into account or failing to take relevant considerations into
account when purporting to apply the law to the facts; admitting inadmissible
evidence or rejecting admissible and relevant evidence; exercising a
discretion on the basis of incorrect legal principles; giving reasons which
disclose faulty legal reasoning or which are inadequate to fulfil an express
duty to give reasons, and misdirecting oneself as to the burden of proof.

He also accepted Lord Radcliffe’s statement (in _Edwards v Bairstow_ [1956] AC
14 at 36) that a factual finding which was such that “no person acting
judicially and properly instructed as to the relevant law could have come to
the determination upon appeal” amounted to a misconception or error in point
of law – though he held that not every wrong finding of fact would amount to a
substantial question of law. The rationale for this broader definition of
“question of law” was explained by Ang J in _Ng Swee Lang_ , at [24] and [25]:

24 … there was a clear and vital distinction between statutory tribunals and
private arbitrations. Statutory tribunals such as the Board performed
important functions of the Government, which would generally affect the wider
public interest, as compared to private arbitrations. There had to be a
greater degree of supervision over such tribunals by the courts… there was a
fundamental difference between private arbitrations, whose existence was
underpinned by the principle of party autonomy, and a hearing before the
[Strata Titles] Board…

25 I am inclined to agree with Mr Hwang that _Northern Elevator’s_ definition
of “question of law” was given in the context of an application for leave to
appeal from an arbitral award where different policy considerations applied…

Kan J accepted this distinction and the principles and definitions set out
above in the context of an appeal from a decision of the Commissioner for
Labour under the Act.

8 _Karuppiah_ and _Ng Swee Lang_ suggest that there may be good reason to
distinguish between appeals from an arbitral award and appeals from the
decisions of a statutory board. In particular, the adoption of a wider
definition of “question of law” in the context of appeals from the decisions
of the Commissioner for Labour may be acceptable. A “substantial question of
law” in such situations may include administrative law concepts of error of
law. However, it is not clear how this would assist the Appellant in his case.
The list of “errors of law” enumerated in para 70 of _Halsbury’s_ and at [6]
above does not include breaches of the laws of natural justice; even the more
recent edition of _Halsbury’s Laws of England_ vol 1(1) (Butterworths, 4th Ed
Reissue, 2001) at para 77 also fails to include either allegations of bias or
breach of the right to a fair hearing within its definition of “error of law”.
As such, the Appellant in this case may not found his appeal to this court on
the basis of alleged bias on the part of the Commissioner giving rise to an
error of law. His appeal on this point must therefore be dismissed. If he
wishes to pursue this allegation of bias, he must apply for leave to bring an
action for judicial review.

9 I come to the conclusion in the above paragraph with some reluctance.
Ideally, an appeal to the courts from the decision of the Commissioner for
Labour should be the one final stop where a claimant under the Act may have
all issues relating to his claim for compensation determined. The purpose of
Workmen’s Compensation legislation was to provide for expeditious payment of
compensation. This object was cited by the then Minister for Labour, Mr Ong
Pang Boon, at the second reading of the Workmen’s Compensation Bill (Bill 25
of 1975) (see _Singapore Parliamentary Debates, Official Report_ (26 March
1975) vol 34 at cols 1037 and 1042). It was reiterated again by Mr Gan Kim
Yong, then Minister of State (Education and Manpower) at the second reading of
the Workmen’s Compensation (Amendment) Bill (Bill 50 of 2007) (_Singapore
Parliamentary Debates, Official Report_ (22 January 2008) vol 84 at col 259):

The Workmen’s Compensation Act… provides a simpler and quicker way to settle
compensation claims by avoiding protracted legal proceedings.

The goals of simplicity and expedition are not generally served by requiring
an appellant to take out two separate actions (appeal and judicial review) in
order to challenge the decision of the Commissioner for Labour. It would also
be more costly for an appellant to maintain two separate actions in the High
Court. Under s 2(1) of the 1998 Revised Edition of the Act (the applicable Act
in this case), a worker is only entitled to make a claim if he is a manual
labourer or a non-manual one earning less than $1,600 a month. That coverage
has since been extended to nearly all employees by the Work Injury
Compensation Act (Cap 354, 2009 Rev Ed) (“the 2009 Act”); however, the
majority of claims under the Act are still very likely to be made by manual
labourers. They are also more likely to suffer injuries resulting in
fatalities and permanent disability. Even with the extended coverage of the
2009 Act, the high incidence of claims in these generally lower-income
industries is unlikely to change. To require such workers to maintain two
actions in order to challenge a Commissioner’s decision would place too great
a strain on their already meagre earnings (made even more so by the fact of
their injuries). The policy interests behind the Act would be better served,
therefore, if questions of natural justice and errors of law could be
addressed in a single appeal to the High Court.

10 Despite the strong policy reasons set out above, however, I find that I am
limited by the authorities and the legislative approach taken by Parliament
when it passed the Act. Unless an equivalent provision to s 48(1)(a)(vii) of
the Arbitration Act (Cap 10, 2002 Rev Ed) – which allows an award to be set
aside by the Court where “a breach of the rules of natural justice occurred in
connection with the making of the award by which the rights of any party have
been prejudiced” – is introduced into workmen’s compensation legislation, it
is my view that any worker who alleges that his claim for compensation was
rejected because of bias or breach of his right to a fair hearing will have to
take out judicial review proceedings separately in order to address his
allegations. It may be that the policy imperatives outlined above may be
addressed somewhat if counsel were to take out both the Originating Summons
for appeal and application for leave to proceed with judicial review at the
same time. In this way, both matters could be heard simultaneously by the same
judge and dealt with expediently, with minimal costs. This solution is not
perfect, however, and it is clear that Parliament may wish to turn its
attention to the question if the policy considerations above are to be
addressed fully. In any event, however, the Appellant in this case no longer
has the option of taking out his application for appeal and for leave to
proceed with judicial review at the same time. The practical solution is no
longer available to him and he must (if he so chooses) incur the additional
expense of bringing separate judicial proceedings. The appellant may be best
advised consider the option carefully, however, because the Commissioner was
rightly entitled to the workman’s statement and was thus entitled to use it as
he thinks fit, although many of the allegations of bias in this case could
have been avoided had the Commissioner made the Respondent witnesses’
statements available at the Appellant’s request at the outset.

11 Having dismissed the third limb of the Appellant’s case, I now address the
second limb: whether the Commissioner was correct to impeach the Appellant’s
credit using his previous statement. The Appellant argued that the
discrepancies between his statement and testimony in court were not
sufficiently material as to affect his credit. He pointed out that the
discrepancies were no greater than those found between the testimonies and
statements of the Respondent’s own witnesses and that if his credibility was
impeached, theirs should have been too.

12 The Commissioner’s assessment of the Appellant’s and the Respondents’
witnesses’ credibility is a finding of fact and should not be overturned
unless it was clearly wrong on the face of the evidence. The Appellant sought
to challenge the Commissioner’s approach in applying the law on impeachment.
He relied on the following paragraph from the criminal case of _Muthusamy v
Public Prosecutor_ [1948] MLJ 57 in support of his submissions:

If the statement gives an outline of substantially the same story there being
no apparently irreconcilable conflict between the two on any point material to
the issue, the magistrate should say at once “The difference is not such as to
affect his credit” and hand the statement back.

However, to say that the differing accounts in his statement and his testimony
amount to “substantially the same story” would be to accept the two as
consistent because they both allege that the injury was sustained while he was
working. That would effectively negate the requirement for the Appellant to
prove that his injury was suffered in the course of his employment. I am of
the view that the differences were material and the Commissioner was entitled
to consider the Appellant’s credit as impeached by operation of s 157(c) of
the Evidence Act (Cap 97, 1997 Rev Ed). It is also important to note that the
Commissioner did not rely solely on the inconsistencies between the
Appellant’s statement and testimony in order to determine the weight to accord
his account of the accident. The Commissioner also considered other factors,
including how the Appellant’s account of the accident lacked corroboration
from his own witness and the medical reports and the failure to directly
challenge the Respondents’ witnesses’ accounts on cross-examination. As a
result, it cannot be said that the Commissioner erred in law when he found the
Appellant’s credibility to have been impeached.

13 The final limb to be addressed is the Appellant’s contention that the
Commissioner failed to correctly apply the presumption contained in s 3(6) of
the Act, which provides that:

For the purposes of this Act, an accident arising in the course of a workman’s
employment shall be deemed, in the absence of evidence to the contrary, to
have arisen out of that employment.

The Commissioner should, the Appellant argued, have reversed the burden of
proof to require the Respondent to rebut the presumption that the accident,
which arose in the course of the Appellant’s employment, arose _out of_ that
employment. This point may be addressed shortly. It is clear from the
Commissioner’s decision that the reason he denied the Appellant’s claim was
that he did not find the injury to have been sustained in the course of the
Appellant’s employment at all. Indeed, in his written grounds he made
particular reference to the medical report of Dr Ramdass – which stated that
the Appellant had been complaining of a pain in his back for some time before
the alleged accident took place. As no finding is here made as to the
Commissioner acting in breach of natural justice and since I have not found
the impeachment of the Appellant’s credibility to be wrong, the presumption in
s 3(6) simply does not arise. As Kan J pointed out in _Karuppiah_ at [24]:

The presumption in s 3(6) does not arise whenever a worker is injured in an
accident. It applies to accidents arising _in the course of_ his employment.
When the Commissioner found that the accident did not arise in the course of
the applicant’s employment, the presumption in s 3(6) did not apply.

Thus, the Commissioner did not err in law in failing to apply the presumption.
As the Appellant’s case failed on all its three grounds, this appeal must be
dismissed. I will hear parties on the question of costs at a later date.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 03 Mar 2010 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

