Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Dorey Donna Marie _v_ Lee Kit Su (Lee Yee Wai Eva, Intervener)  
[2010] SGHC 57

Case Number| :| Divorce Suit No 305 of 2007/J  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 17 February 2010  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Judith Prakash J  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Foo Siew Fong (Harry Elias Partnership) for the
plaintiff; Carrie Ho (Sterling Law Corporation) for the defendant; Ranjit
Singh (Francis Khoo & Lim) for the intervener.  
Parties| :|  Dorey Donna Marie — Lee Kit Su (Lee Yee Wai Eva, Intervener)  
  
17 February 2010|  
---|---  
  
Judith Prakash J:

Introduction

1 The plaintiff and defendant (collectively, “the couple”) were divorced in
2007. At the ancillary stage, the plaintiff made a claim for, _inter alia_ , a
share of the net proceeds from the sale of a property known as 16A Jervois
Lane, #01-05, Clydesville, Singapore 159192 (“the Property”). She alleged that
the Property had been the matrimonial home of the couple, and as such, she was
entitled to a share of the net sale proceeds. On 22 August 2008, the
defendant’s aunt (“the intervener”) succeeded in her application to be joined
as a party to the suit. The intervener prosecuted a claim for all the net
proceeds on the basis that the Property had been bought with a loan extended
by her to the couple.

Facts

2 The couple were married on 7 January 1991. Their first child was born in
1993. Their second child was born in 1995. Up until 1995, the couple had been
living in rented premises. In that year, they purchased the Property for
$1,944,639.82 (inclusive of stamp and legal fees). They moved into the
Property and lived there with their two children until 2005, when their
relationship broke down, causing them to establish separate households. After
the Property was vacated by the family, it was rented out, and eventually sold
on 17 May 2007 for a net sum of $1,561,911.06.

3 The facts given above at [2] are undisputed. However, two vastly different
accounts were presented regarding the circumstances in which the plaintiff and
defendant came to purchase the Property.

The plaintiff’s evidence

4 According to the plaintiff, in 1995, she and the defendant had been viewing
properties in Singapore within a price range of $500,000 to $750,000. Their
second child was almost due and they wanted to move out of the Orchard Road
area where they were staying at that point of time. On 9 July 1995, the couple
had lunch with the intervener and her husband, the defendant’s uncle, during
which an invitation was extended to view the Property. The couple agreed to
accompany their uncle and aunt not suspecting anything out of the ordinary, as
the older couple were very active in the property market and frequently bought
properties and rented them out.

5 After viewing the Property, the couple were informed that the intervener and
her husband were in the process of purchasing the Property for them. The
intervener and her husband had only asked the couple to view the Property in
order to confirm that the Property was to their liking. They told the couple
that as 1 per cent of the purchase price as an option fee had already been
paid, the couple only had a few days to decide if they wanted to accept the
gift of the Property.

6 The next day, on 10 July 1995, the couple signed the acceptance form
attached to the option to purchase. The option was exercised on 14 July 1995.
The intervener and her husband handled all aspects of the conveyance
thereafter, even though all the transfer documents were completed in favour of
the couple. The entire purchase price of the Property was paid for by the
intervener and her husband. They also paid the legal fees, and all the
maintenance fees, property tax and incidental expenses associated with the
Property prior to the completion of the conveyance. Their control over the
conveyance even extended to making arrangements to vary the completion date of
the conveyance without the knowledge of the couple. The couple had no contact
with the solicitors handling the conveyance until they found out about the
deferment of the completion date and had to issue instructions to revert to
the original date, following a discussion with the vendors. On 22 September
1995, the intervener and her husband formally presented the couple with the
Property as a gift. All necessary documentation, records, and keys were also
handed over on that day.

7 According to the plaintiff, she and the defendant were aware that other
family members who had received generous gifts from the intervener and her
husband were gossiped about amongst their relatives in Singapore. They were
also concerned that the defendant’s father would lose face by their acceptance
of such a generous gift from the intervener’s husband, who was his brother.
The couple therefore decided to take financial responsibility for at least
some of the value of the gifted property, in a bid to maintain a good
relationship with the defendant’s family.

8 The couple had a discussion with the intervener and her husband. They
decided to make voluntary “honour payments” approximating the downpayment on
the Property, on the suggestion of the intervener and her husband. Therefore,
between 24 July 1995 and 29 January 2001, the couple made payments amounting
to $331,387.47. A cheque for $1,387.47 went towards maintenance fees and
property taxes payable on the Property. The balance of the sum of $331,387.47
was paid towards the downpayment of $376,000. The amount and timing of all the
“honour payments” were at the discretion of the couple.

9 Initially, cheques were issued in favour of the intervener’s husband.
However, from December 1995 onwards, payments were made to the intervener.
This was because the intervener’s husband directed that payment should be made
to the intervener instead of to himself. Therefore, the couple issued cheques
to the intervener even though the gift was known to stem from the intervener’s
husband, and not the intervener herself.

10 Throughout the six years during which the couple made “honour payments”,
the intervener’s husband reminded them that it was not necessary to reimburse
him up to the sum of the downpayment for the property. He often commented that
what the couple had paid was more than sufficient and they should stop making
payments. Of their own volition, however, they continued to make payments as
they were short of their own personal target figure.

11 Although the last cheque cashed by the intervener was on 29 January 2001,
the couple had issued another cheque for $10,000 to her in March 2001. When
asked, the intervener and her husband told the couple that they would not be
cashing the cheque drawn in March 2001. When the couple visited the intervener
and her husband, they were told that they had “over-proven” that they were
honourable and proud people. The intervener and her husband wanted them to
from then on simply accept the gift graciously, as it had been originally
intended. The intervener’s husband indicated that he had more money than he
knew what to do with and wanted to share it with those that he cared for while
he was still alive and not getting any younger. The intervener’s husband even
pleaded with the couple to just be gracious and accept the property without
any strings attached. After discussion, the couple agreed. It was a result of
this acceptance that no further honour payments were made and the March 2001
cheque was subsequently destroyed by the intervener and her husband.

12 The Property was placed on the open market for sale on 16 January 2007. On
8 February 2007, the couple granted an option on the Property to a third
party. That option was exercised on the same day. The plaintiff maintained
that throughout the whole process, the defendant had been discussing the sale
with the intervener’s husband. However, the intervener and her husband never
raised the issue of the repayment of the purported loan. The first time that
the plaintiff heard about the loan was on 21 May 2007, shortly after an
attempted mediation between her and the defendant had failed.

The intervener’s evidence

13 The intervener’s evidence, as corroborated by her husband and the
defendant, was that no such gift had occurred.

14 According to the intervener, she was aware that the couple had been staying
in rented premises throughout their marriage. Each time the couple renewed
their lease, or rented new premises, the rent would increase. The intervener
therefore took it upon herself to suggest that she would loan them money in
order that they could buy an apartment. She told them that they could repay
her in interest-free instalments.

15 In 1995, the intervener was looking for real estate to invest in when she
came across the Property. She asked the couple to view the Property with her.
She had the intention of helping them to purchase the Property if they liked
it. She had also determined that in the event that the couple did not like the
Property, she would purchase it for herself as she had already paid the 1 per
cent booking fee.

16 As the couple liked the Property, she told them that she would instruct her
solicitors to exercise the option under their names. She loaned them the sum
of $1,944,649.82 to purchase the Property. These moneys, which were paid out
of the intervener and her husband’s joint account, were forwarded directly to
the solicitors to pay for the purchase of the Property. The intervener’s
husband was aware of the agreement to loan to the money to the couple, but he
was not part of the transaction. The money transferred to the solicitors for
the purchase of the Property had been banked into the joint account by the
intervener to pay for the transaction. The intervener’s husband never made any
representations regarding the necessity of reimbursing himself or the
intervener for the loan.

17 The intervener denied that she and her husband were fond of making generous
gifts to their relatives. The only gifts admitted to were the gift of a car to
the ex-chairman of their company to reward him for his loyalty and good
service, the gift of a car to her niece so that she could take her grandmother
on outings, and the gift of a Singapore Island Country Club membership to the
defendant.

18 The intervener was very fond of the defendant because she had brought him
up from a very young age when his mother passed away. Nonetheless, she
maintained that she had no intention that the moneys should be treated as a
gift. It was due to the fact that the intervener treated the defendant as
family, that she told him that he could repay her as and when he had the
funds. It was also for this reason that the intervener dispensed with the need
for formal documentation. However, the intervener and the defendant agreed
that if the Property were sold before the couple had completed repaying her,
the sale proceeds would first be used to repay the outstanding amount of the
loan. If there were any profits after that, the couple could keep them. There
was no discussion of making “honour payments”. Neither was there a formal
presentation of the Property as a gift to the couple.

19 Consequent to the arrangements made, the couple made a first payment of
$25,000 to the intervener on 24 July 1995. Thereafter, they paid various
amounts on various dates between 1995 and 2001. The payments amounted to a
total sum of $329,387.47.

20 About late 2000 or early 2001, the intervener noticed that the couple had
difficulty repaying her. After speaking to the defendant, she agreed to a
moratorium of the payments. A 5-year period was mentioned in passing as the
defendant conveyed that it would take him at least that long to regain his
financial footing. Nonetheless, when the couple were able to afford it, the
payments were to start again. The intervener agreed to the moratorium because
she did not want the defendant to feel stressed or pressured over having to
continue making payment.

21 In early 2007, the defendant informed the intervener that the plaintiff had
commenced divorce proceedings against him and was claiming 75 per cent of the
Property. The intervener was concerned that the balance moneys owed to her
would not be repaid. She therefore instructed her solicitors to write to the
couple to remind them of her interest in the Property. Subsequently, the
plaintiff informed her that the plaintiff regarded the moneys as a gift and
not a loan.

The issue

22 The sole issue to be decided was whether the intervener gifted the
plaintiff and the defendant with the moneys used for the purchase of the
Property.

My decision

23 I held that the moneys provided by the intervener were not meant as a gift
but as a loan to the plaintiff and defendant. I set out my reasons below.

24 A gift is a gratuitous transfer of the ownership of property. The donor has
to display a clear intention to transfer his interest in the object that is
being given (see Michael Bridge, _Personal Property Law_ , 3rd ed., (Oxford,
2006) at 96). As held in _Yeo Gim Tong Michael v Tianzon Lolita_ [1996] 1
SLR(R) 633 at [11]:

Where a gift is made, the donor normally has no intention to claim any
interest or share in it and his intention is that the recipient should take
the gift absolutely – that must be his intention, at any rate, at the time of
the gift.

On the facts, I was satisfied that there was no such intention. Rather, the
intervener transferred the money used to pay for the Property on the
understanding that it would be repaid.

Schedule of payments

25 While there was no written agreement evidencing the loan, the intervener
had kept a schedule of payment listing details such as the amounts paid, the
date of payment, the cheque number and the balance payment due. I accepted the
intervener’s evidence that the moneys used to purchase the Property were
provided by her alone and that the schedule was kept concurrently with the
payments made by the couple. The existence of the schedule indicated that the
intervener intended and expected that the moneys used to purchase the Property
would be repaid. Furthermore, the entries in the schedule indicated fairly
regular payment on the part of the couple. The only extended break in the
payments made was from 2001 onwards, when the intervener granted a debt
moratorium, out of her concern for the defendant, her nephew, who in her view,
was facing some financial difficulties at that time. Evidence was given by an
employee of the intervener, one Ms Lim Suay Moi, that it was her
responsibility to keep the schedule and that she had updated the entries in
her own handwriting as and when payments were made. She denied the allegation
of the plaintiff that the evidence regarding the contemporaneous updating of
the schedule was given on the instructions of the intervener or her husband. I
saw no reason to doubt the veracity of Ms Lim’s evidence.

26 It ought to be noted that the plaintiff had also kept a schedule of the
payments made. In fact, the schedule was titled “ _Capital Payments_ to Uncle
Eu Seng & Auntie Eva” [emphasis added]. The plaintiff is an accountant and, as
such, must understand the meaning of “capital payments”. These facts strongly
suggested that there was no confusion in the plaintiff’s mind that the moneys
extended were a loan and not a gift. The moneys paid by the couple were not
“honour payments” as the plaintiff had alleged. The couple was well aware that
the Property was bought with the proceeds of a loan and not a gift. Whilst the
plaintiff had alleged that it was the couple’s intention to repay the
“downpayment” which she specified was the sum of $376,000, it is significant
that at the time of purchase there had not been a downpayment in that amount.
The intervener had paid first a one percent option fee, then nine percent on
acceptance (total $188,000) and then, on completion, the remaining 90% of the
price. Further, the plaintiff’s schedule makes no mention of the agreed
downpayment. It only records the payments made and does not mention the
balance due.

Gifts to other persons

27 The plaintiff submitted that the gift of the Property was in keeping with
other similar gifts of substantial value that the intervener and her husband
had made to relatives. In particular, the plaintiff alleged that the
intervener and her husband had given the defendant’s brother an apartment in
Hong Kong. I rejected her submissions on this point. First, the defendant’s
brother had filed an affidavit denying that the property in question was
gifted to him by either the intervener or her husband. The plaintiff had not
adduced any evidence to prove that the property in Hong Kong, or any other
real property held by any other person for that matter, had been a gift from
the intervener or her husband. Second, the only gifts given by the intervener
or her husband that were proven on the evidence were (a) a Lexus car to reward
the ex-chairman of a company for loyalty and good service, (b) another car to
a niece, and (c) a Singapore Island Country Club membership to the defendant.
These gifts were, comparatively, much smaller in value than the Property and
did not support the conclusion that the intervener or her husband had been in
the habit of making gifts of such substantial value that the gift of the
Property would not be out of the ordinary.

Probative value of affidavits filed by persons other than the plaintiff, the
defendant, the intervener and her husband

28 The plaintiff relied on the evidence in affidavits filed by persons such
as:

(a)

Maria Buttler, the close personal friend of the plaintiff and the defendant;

(b)

Robert J Dorey and Jeanne M Dorey, the plaintiff’s parents;

(c)

Robert M Dorey, the plaintiff’s brother;

(d)

Debra Dorey and Christina Gray, the plaintiff’s sisters; and

(e)

Thomas Ventser, godfather to the plaintiff’s and defendant’s child.

In each of these affidavits, it was asserted that the moneys used to purchase
the Property had been a gift. However, these affidavits were filed by persons
who had no firsthand knowledge of the circumstances in which the intervener
provided moneys for the purchase of the Property. As such, I regarded the
evidence given in such affidavits to be of little probative value.

Renovations and credit lines

29 The plaintiff made much of the fact that when she and the defendant had
entered into loan agreements with third party financial institutions using the
Property as security collateral for the loans, they did not declare the
existence of a loan by the intervener during the application process. She
reasoned that if there had been a loan by the intervener, it surely would have
been disclosed then.

30 On the evidence given, the loan given by the intervener was interest free,
and payable as and when the couple were able. The couple could dispose of the
Property in any manner they liked. The only restriction was that if the
Property were to be sold, the couple would use the proceeds to repay the
intervener for the part of the loan that remained as yet unpaid, and only
thereafter would they pocket the surplus. There was no requirement that other
creditors who took the Property as security had to be informed of the loan
given by the intervener. In the light of these circumstances, that the couple
had not disclosed the loan in the application process for the loans they took
in 1996 and 2002 respectively was not fatal to finding that the moneys used to
purchase the Property had been provided on the basis of a loan. In fact, their
lack of disclosure was understandable since such disclosure might have
prevented them from having their loan applications approved.

The couple’s house-hunting budget

31 The plaintiff argued that as the purchase price of the Property far
exceeded the couple’s original house-hunting budget of $500,000 to $750,000,
they could not have accepted the Property on the basis of anything other than
a gift. I did not find that point to be persuasive. The loan was being
extended on very favourable terms to the couple. It was interest free and
payable as and when the couple were able. It is not inconceivable that given
these terms, the couple would find the Property to be within their means even
if the purchase price was beyond their original budget.

Negotiations relating to the division of matrimonial assets

32 The plaintiff also argued that the lack of mention of the loan during
negotiations between herself and the defendant relating to the division of
matrimonial assets supported the conclusion that the moneys extended by the
intervener were a gift. In my view, whether or not the couple expressly
mentioned the loan during negotiations concerning the division of matrimonial
assets is not material because whether or not the loan was mentioned, it would
have been understood that any division of the sale proceeds of the Property
could only take place after the debt towards the intervener had been
satisfied.

Lack of objection to the sale

33 The plaintiff submitted that if there were indeed a loan, and the
intervener had an interest in the sale of the Property, she would have lodged
a caveat to protect her interest. That the intervener did not object to the
sale was, according to the plaintiff, evidence supporting the case that there
had indeed been no loan. The plaintiff also alleged that it was more than
coincidence that the intervener only made her application after a mediation
session between the plaintiff and the defendant had failed. What was implied
was that the intervener’s application had been taken out for strategic or
punitive purposes in support of and for the benefit of the defendant.

34 However, given that the plaintiff had not adduced credible evidence to show
that the intervener was aware that the Property was to be sold, I accepted the
intervener’s explanation that she had not objected to the sale of the Property
because she was not aware that the Property had been placed on the open
market. The plaintiff suggested that the intervener ought to have been aware
of the sale on the basis that the intervener and her husband sold the unit
they owned in the same development within the same week that the couple sold
their apartment. Neither the intervener nor her husband, however, was the
owner of the unit. It had merely been purchased by a holding company in which
the intervener had shares. I found it unlikely that the intervener would have
known of the sale of the Property just because a holding company in which she
had shares had sold an apartment in the same development in the same week. It
was also not proven that discussions had taken place between the defendant and
the intervener or her husband where the sale of the Property had been
mentioned.

Timing of the intervener’s application to be joined as a party

35 The plaintiff alleged that the intervener’s application was motivated by a
failed mediation session between the couple concerning the relocation of the
plaintiff and her two children to Australia. I found that there was no support
for the proposition that the intervener’s application to be joined as a party
was motivated by anything other than the desire to recover the loan she had
given. There was no evidence to show that the intervener intended to
strategically recover the net proceeds of the Property only to transfer them
to the defendant in circumvention of the process of the division of
matrimonial assets. Neither was there evidence that the intervener’s action
had been brought to put pressure on the plaintiff regarding ancillary matters
to the divorce suit. In fact, although as evidence that there was no loan, the
plaintiff pointed to the defendant’s letter, which asked the intervener to
waive half the amount of the loan, the intervener’s decision to nonetheless
bring a claim for the entire net proceeds of the sale of the Property
buttressed the finding that the intervener’s claim was not motivated by a
desire to assist the defendant.

Conclusion

36 For the foregoing reasons, I found that the money for the purchase of the
Property was provided by the intervener as a loan to the plaintiff and
defendant and held that the net proceeds of the sale of the Property had to be
released to her. Costs were fixed at $8,000 plus reasonable disbursements, to
be paid by the plaintiff to the intervener.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 17 Feb 2010 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

