Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Mohammed Shahid Late Mahabubur Rahman _v_ Lim Keenly Builders Pte Ltd
(Tokio Marine Insurance Singapore Ltd, third party)  
[2010] SGHC 142

Case Number| :| Suit No 305 of 2009  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 07 May 2010  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Steven Chong JC  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Namasivayam Srinivasan (Hoh Law Corporation) for the
plaintiff; Boo Moh Cheh (Kurup & Boo) for the defendant; Richard Kuek and
Adrian Aw (Gurbani & Co) for the third party.  
Parties| :|  Mohammed Shahid Late Mahabubur Rahman — Lim Keenly Builders Pte
Ltd (Tokio Marine Insurance Singapore Ltd, third party)  
  
7 May 2010| Judgment reserved.  
---|---  
  
Steven Chong JC:

Introduction

1 The provision of insurance to cover workmen for claims against injuries and
death in the course of their employment is a common feature of the
construction industry. In fact, it is statutorily embodied in s 23(1) of the
Workmen’s Compensation Act (Cap 354, 1998 Rev Ed) (“the Act”) (now s 23(1) of
the Work Injury Compensation Act (Cap 354, 2009 Rev Ed)). The principal
purpose of the insurance is to ensure that _employers_ provide adequate cover
for claims by workmen under the Act. Main contractors and sub-contractors, as
employers, typically arrange insurance policies that they believe
comprehensively cover all eventualities arising from injuries by such workmen.
It is also not uncommon for the main contractor to arrange insurance policies
to cover the workmen employed by its sub-contractors.

2 The question which arises in this dispute is whether the insurance policy
which was arranged by the main contractor ostensibly to cover all workmen
involved in the project, including those employed by its sub-contractors,
covered _claims for indemnity by the main contractor_ against its insurer in
respect of its liability at common law, rather than under the Act, to workmen
who were _employed by its sub-contractor_. The present dispute examines the
adequacy or lack thereof of insurance policies that are arranged by main
contractors in the belief that they are sufficiently comprehensive to cover
all situations arising from injuries to workmen in the course of employment of
the construction project. It is hoped that this decision would shed some light
on the scope and coverage of such policies so that contractors and their
insurance brokers can review them to determine whether they in fact cover the
intended liabilities and if not, whether steps should be taken to address the
gaps in future.

Background Facts

3 The plaintiff is a Bangladeshi national who was injured on 5 November 2007
while working at a factory construction site at Tuas South Avenue 3 (“the
worksite”). At the material time, he was employed by Utracon Structural System
Pte Ltd (“Utracon”) which was the sub-contractor engaged by the defendant
(itself the main contractor engaged by M/s Kim Teck Leong (Pte) Ltd, the
developer/owner of the worksite) for the post-tensioning works for the
concrete flooring at the worksite.

4 While the plaintiff was working on the scaffolding at the worksite, the work
platform gave way and caused him to fall through the scaffolding from a height
of about nine metres. The plaintiff sustained serious injuries as a result of
the fall and commenced the present action against the defendant for breach of
statutory duties and for occupier’s liability. The defendant then brought the
Third Party proceedings against Tokio Marine Insurance Singapore Ltd (“the
Insurer”) for an indemnity under the Workmen’s Compensation Policy No
DWCP07S001548 (“the WC Policy”) and/or the Contractors’ All Risks Policy No
DGCR07S004322 (“the CAR Policy”) for the damages payable to the plaintiff. The
Insurer denied that the indemnity claim is payable under either of the
insurance policies.

5 On the first day of the trial, the plaintiff settled his claim against the
defendant and interlocutory judgment was entered at 95% liability in favour of
the plaintiff. Thereafter the trial continued only as to the defendant’s
indemnity claim against the Insurer. At the close of the defendant’s case, the
defendant clarified that it was not proceeding under the CAR Policy. The
defendant’s claim therefore rests solely under the WC Policy.

6 The dispute between the parties is essentially a question of construction of
the terms of the WC Policy, the most material of which is the Operative
Clause, which states that:

NOW THIS POLICY WITNESSETH that if any workman in the Insured’s employment
shall sustain personal injury by accident or disease caused during the Period
of Insurance and arising out of and in the course of his employment by the
Insured in the Business, the Company will subject to the terms exceptions
conditions and warranties, and any memorandum if applicable, contained herein
or endorsed hereon (all of which are hereinafter collectively referred to as
the Terms of this Policy) indemnify the Insured against all sums for which the
Insured shall be liable to pay compensation either under the Legislation or at
Common Law, and will in addition pay all costs and expenses incurred by the
Insured with the written consent of the Company.

7 The defendant accepts that to succeed, the claim must come within the
Operative Clause, for it is common ground that the burden of proof is on it to
prove its claim under the WC Policy: _Hurst v Evans_ [1917] 1 KB 352.

8 The parties, however, are at odds as to the true construction of the
Operative Clause, and it will be helpful to set out their respective
submissions, as well as the issues that arise for my consideration.

The Parties’ Submissions

9 The defendant submits that, on the true construction of the Operative
Clause, the WC Policy deems the plaintiff to be a “workman in [the
defendant’s] employment” who sustained personal injury by an accident “arising
out of and in the course of his employment by [the defendant]”,
notwithstanding that, at the material time, the plaintiff was not employed by
the defendant but by its sub-contractor, Utracon.

10 The defendant has raised several interesting and creative arguments in
reliance on other terms of the WC Policy in aid of its claim:

(a) First, the defendant argues that the Interpretation Clause in the WC
Policy, as well as the definition of the term “employer” in the Act, support
its reading of the Operative Clause.

(b) Second, the defendant relies on the “Name of the Insured” Clause under the
WC Policy, which refers to the defendant and all its sub-contractors of all
tiers and levels as “contractor”. It is common ground that Utracon as one of
the sub-contractors was covered as an “Insured” under the WC Policy. The
defendant submits that since the defendant and all its sub-contractors
(including Utracon) are collectively referred to in the “Name of Insured”
Clause as “contractor” in the singular, it follows, as a matter of definition,
that the plaintiff should be treated as an employee of the defendant for the
purposes of the WC Policy even though he was in fact employed by Utracon. In
other words, both the defendant and Utracon, being defined as the singular
“contractor”, are deemed by the WC Policy to be the _same_ “Insured”.

(c) Third, the defendant also relies on the insertion of a “Risk No 001”
Clause in the WC Policy.

(d) Fourth, the defendant seeks to attach significance to the deletion of 2
Exceptions in the WC Policy.

(e) Finally, the defendant submits that, since the WC Policy is ambiguous, it
should be interpreted in its favour by applying a _contra proferentem_
construction.

11 The Insurer submits that, on the true construction of the WC Policy, the
defendant’s claim for indemnity does not fall within the Operative Clause.

12 The Insurer accepts that the employees of Utracon were covered under the WC
Policy. However, it submits that the WC Policy only responds to claims brought
by one of the Insured in respect of liability, at common law or under the Act,
incurred by _that_ Insured to any workman employed by _that_ Insured.
Accordingly, given that the plaintiff was, at the material time, employed by
Utracon, the WC Policy would only be engaged if the plaintiff had successfully
sued Utracon, and the claim for indemnity against the Insurer was now being
brought by Utracon. Since, however, the claim is being brought by the
defendant, who was _not_ the employer of the plaintiff, the indemnity claim is
not payable. Put simply, the WC Policy covers indemnity claims brought by the
relevant Insured provided the liability of the relevant Insured arose as a
result of a claim by a workman against the relevant Insured _qua employer_.
The WC Policy does not cover the relevant Insured, in this case the defendant,
against its liability to the plaintiff _qua occupier_ of the worksite. In
other words, the Insurer submits that, contrary to the defendant’s
submissions, the defendant and Utracon are _not_ deemed by the WC Policy to be
the same “Insured”.

13 The Insurer further submits that the clear position as set out in the
Operative Clause is not altered by the “Name of the Insured” Clause or by the
insertion of the “Risk No 001” Clause or by the deletion of the Exceptions.
The insertion and the deletions were to address different purposes and do not
change the scope or ambit of the Operative Clause.

The Issues

14 A number of issues therefore arise for my determination, namely:

(a)

The effect of the definition of “Employer” in the Act on the construction of
the WC Policy;

(b)

The effect of the “Name of Insured” Clause;

(c)

The effect of the “Risk No 001” Clause;

(d)

The effect of the deleted Exceptions;

(e)

The applicability of a _contra proferentem_ construction of the WC Policy.

15 Before I go on to examine these issues, however, I would like to say a bit
more about the Operative Clause.

The Operative Clause

16 As stated, the defendant must bring its indemnity claim within the
Operative Clause in order to succeed in this action, but the main obstacle
that stands in the way of the defendant is the undeniable fact that the
plaintiff was not in its employment at the time of the accident. Instead, he
was employed by Utracon.

17 The inherent difficulty facing the defendant is self-evident when a plain
reading of the Operative Clause is adopted, for it reveals that the term
“Insured” must be understood as referring to different entities in order for
the defendant’s claim to be maintained:

NOW THIS POLICY WITNESSETH that if any workman [_the plaintiff_] in
[_Utracon’s_] employment shall sustain personal injury by accident or disease
caused during the Period of Insurance and arising out of and in the course of
his employment by [_Utracon_] in the Business, the Company will subject to the
terms exceptions conditions and warranties, and any memorandum if applicable,
contained herein or endorsed hereon (all of which are hereinafter collectively
referred to as the Terms of this Policy) indemnify [_Lim Keenly (the
defendant)_] against all sums for which [_Lim Keenly_] shall be liable to pay
compensation either under the Legislation or at Common Law, and will in
addition pay all costs and expenses incurred by [_Lim Keenly_] with the
written consent of the Company.

18 It is obvious that the description of the “Insured” cannot mean different
things in different parts of the same Operative Clause. The description must
have one consistent meaning throughout the clause. Therefore if Utracon is the
employer and a claim for damages is brought by the workman against Utracon, an
indemnity claim by Utracon against the Insurer would fall squarely within the
clause. Similarly if a claim for damages is brought against the defendant, the
claim is covered provided the defendant was the employer of the workman.

19 In this connection, it is perhaps apposite to refer to the defendant’s
closing submission where the defendant sought to explain the scope and purpose
of the WC Policy. The defendant submits that “it is common practice for main
contractor [_sic_] in a building project to arrange for all the necessary
insurance policies. The policies would insure not only the interest of the
main contractor but also the interest of all their sub-contractors.” Indeed
such was the case in the present dispute. The WC Policy that was arranged by
the defendant did insure the interest of sub-contractors as well. There is no
dispute that Utracon is covered by the WC Policy. However that is not the
issue in the present action. The issue instead is whether the defendant is
covered for indemnity claims against the Insurer in respect of its common law
liabilities as occupier to workmen who were not in its employment but were
employed by its sub-contractors.

20 It is not in dispute that the plaintiff was not, at the material time, in
the employment of the defendant. Neither is it disputed that the plaintiff
cannot be said to be an employee by reason of any exercise of control by the
defendant over him. Therefore, on a plain and ordinary reading of the WC
Policy, the defendant would not be entitled to an indemnity from the Insurer
in respect of the plaintiff’s successful claim against the defendant on the
basis of occupier’s liability: _Awang bin Dollah v Shun Shing Construction &
Engineering Co Ltd_ [1997] 2 SLR(R) 746 (“ _Awang bin Dollah_ ”) at [59].

21 In _Awang bin Dollah_ , the Court of Appeal was confronted with a similar
issue, though in that case, the sub-sub-contractor, Quick Start Construction,
unlike the present case, was not an insured under the policy. The Court of
Appeal held, however, that even if the policy had covered Quick Start
Construction, the indemnity claim against the insurer would still not be
payable because the plaintiff’s case succeeded against the main contractor,
the defendant, on the basis of _occupier’s_ liability, and not on the basis of
_employer’s_ liability. The plaintiff did not succeed against the defendant on
the basis of employer’s liability because the Court of Appeal had held that
the plaintiff was not, at common law, employed by the defendant, nor was he
held to be an employee of the defendant by reason of any right of control
exercised by the defendant over him. It is pertinent to note that the
operative clause of the policy in _Awang bin Dollah_ was in all material
aspects identical to the Operative Clause at issue here.

22 _Prima facie_ , therefore, _Awang bin Dollah_ indicates that the terms
“employment” and “course of employment” are to be understood as legal terms of
art, bearing the specialised meanings they are understood to convey for the
purposes of employer’s and vicarious liability in tort law rather than some
other meaning.

23 The defendant must therefore overcome the plain wording of the Operative
Clause by demonstrating that the WC Policy, on its true construction, provides
that the plaintiff was treated as or deemed to be in the defendant’s
employment. In particular, the defendant must show that, on the true
construction of the WC Policy, the term “Insured” in the Operative Clause
should _not_ be understood as referring to different entities, but should be
consistently construed as referring to the defendant.

Definition of “Employer” under the Workmen’s Compensation Act

24 The defendant sought to demonstrate this, first, by relying on the
Interpretation Clause in the WC Policy which provides that:

1\. ALL references to “Legislation” in this Policy shall mean the Workmen’s
Compensation Act (Cap 354), amendments and re-enactments thereof and any
regulations made thereunder.

2\. Words used in the Policy shall have the same meaning as that defined in
Legislation.

25 The defendant submits that, as the term “employer” is defined in ss 2,
12(3) and 17 of the Act, these definitions should be adopted, and, as a
result, the defendant can be considered the “employer” of the plaintiff and
should therefore be indemnified by the Insurer.

26 In particular, the defendant relies on s 17 read with s 12(3) of the Act to
achieve this result, the material portions of which are set out below:

**Notice to Commissioner and insurer by employer**

**12**.—(1) …

(2) ...

(3) For the purposes of this section, “employer” shall include the person, if
any, referred to in section 17 as the principal.

...

**Liability in case of workmen employed by contractors**

**17**.—(1) Where any person (referred to in this section as the principal) in
the course of or for the purpose of his trade or business contracts with any
other person (referred to in this section as the contractor) for the execution
by the contractor of the whole or any part of any work, or for the supply of
labour to carry out any work, undertaken by the principal, the principal shall
be liable to pay to any workman employed in the execution of the work any
compensation which he would have been liable to pay if that workman had been
immediately employed by him.

(2) Where a claim has been made against the principal for compensation under
subsection (1), this Act shall apply as if references to the principal were
substituted for references to the employer, except that the amount of
compensation shall be calculated with reference to the wages of the workman
under the employer by whom he is immediately employed.

(3) Where the principal is liable to pay compensation under this section, he
shall be entitled to be indemnified by the person who would have been liable
to pay compensation to the workman independently of this section.

(4) Nothing in this section shall be construed as preventing a workman from
recovering compensation under this Act from the contractor instead of the
principal, and a claim made against a principal or a contractor, as the case
may be, shall not bar subsequent proceedings under this Act against the other
to recover so much of the compensation as may remain unpaid.

(5) This section shall not apply in any case where the accident occurred
elsewhere than at or about the place where the principal has undertaken to
execute work or which is under his control or management.

27 The defendant submits that, in the circumstances of this case, it should be
regarded as the “principal” for the purposes of s 17, and that, since s 12(3)
deems a principal to be an “employer”, and since the WC Policy adopts the same
definition of words used in the Act, the plaintiff was in the defendant’s
“employment” when he sustained “personal injury… arising out of and in the
course of his employment” by the defendant.

28 By contending that the WC Policy thereby deems the plaintiff to be in its
employment, the defendant is able to preserve a sensible meaning to the term
“Insured” in the Operative Clause, since, if the defendant’s contention is
accepted, it will consistently refer to the defendant.

29 However, the defendant’s submission that the WC Policy “deems” the
plaintiff to be in the defendant’s employment by virtue of the Interpretation
Clause and the various provisions of the Act is fraught with difficulties.

30 As correctly highlighted by counsel for the Insurer, the relevant term in
the Operative Clause is “employment”, not “employer”. “Employment” is not
defined in the Act but is a concept (together with “course of employment”)
well understood at common law. It is difficult to imagine why the parties
would wish to define “employment” and “course of employment” collaterally by
reference to the definition of _employer_ in the Act when _employment_ itself
is already well defined at common law. If the parties had wanted to introduce
a different meaning of “employment” or “course of employment”, they could have
done so expressly. Notwithstanding the Interpretation Clause of the WC Policy,
it is therefore not appropriate to look to the Act for definitions of terms in
the WC Policy which the Act itself does not define.

31 This is confirmed by _Vandyke v Fender and another_ [1970] 2 QB 292 (“
_Vandyke v Fender_ ”). In _Vandyke v Fender_ , the plaintiff was injured on
his way to work as a result of the negligence of the defendant, his co-worker,
who was driving the car both were travelling in. The plaintiff’s employers,
being vicariously liable to the plaintiff, sought to be indemnified by their
insurers under a policy which provided the employers with an indemnity against
liability for damages and costs

if any person under a contract of service… with the insured shall sustain
bodily injury… arising out of and in the course of such person’s employment by
the insured in the business.

32 In determining whether the plaintiff had been injured in the course of his
employment, the trial judge had held that the phrase “arising out of and in
the course of his employment” should be interpreted in the light of the UK
National Insurance (Industrial Injuries) Act 1946 (9 & 10 Geo 6, c 62) (“the
Industrial Injuries Act”), s 9(1) of which had imparted a specific meaning to
the phrase “out of and in the course of his employment”.

33 The English Court of Appeal disagreed, holding (at 305) that s 9(1) had
only altered the interpretation of the phrase “out of and in the course of his
employment” for the special purpose of the Industrial Injuries Act and not for
any other purpose. Essentially, the English Court of Appeal held that the
phrase “arising out of and in the course of his employment” in employer’s
liability policies was to be interpreted as it had long been interpreted at
common law, rather than by adopting a specific statutory definition when that
statute did not purport to change the established common law position. This
reasoning applies _a fortiori_ to the present case, for the defendant seeks to
rely on the statutory definition of a _different_ word, _ie “employer”_ , in
order to interpret the phrase “arising out of and in the course of his
_employment_ ”.

34 Further, s 12(3) of the Act makes clear that the definition of “employer”
it sets forth is specifically “for the purposes of this section”. In my view,
it is not permissible to extend the definition of “employer” in s 12(3) of the
Act, expressed to be applicable only to s 12, to colour the meaning of
“employment” which is a different term in a different context under the
Operative Clause when the term “employment” can be objectively determined by
reference to the common law: _Awang bin Dollah_ and _Vandyke v Fender_.

35 In any event, s 2 of the Act provides a definition of “employer” as
follows:

**Interpretation**

**2**.—(1) In this Act, _unless the context otherwise requires_ —

…

"employer" includes —

(a) the Government;

(b) any statutory body or authority;

(c) the legal personal representative of a deceased employer; and

(d) in relation to a person employed for the purpose of any game or recreation
and engaged or paid through a club, the manager or members of the managing
committee of that club,

and where the services of an employee are temporarily lent or let on hire to
another person by the person with whom the employee has entered into a
contract of service or apprenticeship, the latter shall, for the purposes of
this Act, be deemed to continue to be the employer of the employee whilst he
is working for that other person;

[emphasis added]

36 From s 2, it is clear that the employer is the person with whom the workman
has entered into a contract of service. Furthermore, the definition of
“employer” applies unless the _context otherwise requires_. The reference in s
12(3) of the Act that the “employer” shall include any person referred to in s
17 of the Act as the principal is an example of interpreting the description
of “employer” in a different context. Therefore, the default position (unless
the context otherwise requires) under the Act is that the employer is the
person with whom the workman has a contract of service which, in the present
case, is Utracon and not the defendant.

Definition of “Insured” in the WC Policy

37 In buttressing its submission that the term “Insured” should be
consistently interpreted to refer to the defendant, emphasis is placed on the
fact that the “Name of Insured” Clause in the WC Policy states:

Lim Keenly Builders Pte Ltd &/or their sub-contractors of all tiers and level
_as contractor_ &/or M/s Kim Teck Leong (Pte) Ltd &/or the Land Transport
Authority as principals for their respective rights & interests.

[emphasis added]

38 The defendant submits that, since the parties have referred to the
defendant and the sub-contractor(s) as “contractor” in the singular (as
opposed to the reference to “principals” in the plural), the “Insured” in the
Operative Clause must therefore refer to the “contractor”, _ie both_ the
defendant and Utracon. Since the plaintiff was in the employment of Utracon,
the defendant submits that he was therefore also, by virtue of the “Name of
Insured” Clause, in the employment of the defendant, at least for the purposes
of the WC Policy.

39 There are a number of reasons, however, why the defendant’s contention
cannot be accepted.

40 First, this is an extremely strained interpretation. The defendant is in
essence arguing that the plaintiff should be deemed to be in its employment,
not because of any express clause to that effect, but because the “Name of
Insured” Clause implies that the defendant and Utracon are to be treated as
one entity, _viz_ the “contractor”, which further implies that a workman in
the employment of one can be treated as in the employment of the other (at
least for the purposes of the WC Policy).

41 Second, if the defendant’s interpretation is correct, it would follow that
any workman in the defendant’s employment can also be treated as being in the
employment of Utracon for the purposes of the WC Policy. If, therefore, one of
the defendant’s workmen (“workman A”) was injured as a result of a tortious
act of one of Utracon’s workmen (“workman B”), and Utracon was found
vicariously liable to workman A for workman B’s tort, Utracon would, on the
construction of the WC Policy urged by the defendant, be able to claim an
indemnity from the Insurer, on the basis that workman A is “any workman in the
Insured’s employment” who sustained a personal injury by an accident “arising
out of and in the course of his employment by the Insured”. This result is so
manifestly contrary to established principles of tort law that it is
inconceivable that it can be achieved via an inadequately-drafted definition
clause. In the absence of plain wording to such effect, I find it impossible
to say that this is what the parties had contemplated all along, which
reinforces the inference that the construction advocated by the defendant is
not correct.

42 Third, the interpretation argued for by the defendant requires the
defendant and Utracon to be treated as one joint entity, _viz_ the
“contractor”. This implies that the WC Policy is, on the defendant’s
interpretation, a joint policy rather than a composite policy.

43 The difference is explained by _MacGillivray on Insurance Law_ (Nicholas
Leigh-Jones Gen Ed) (London: Sweet & Maxwell, 11th Ed, 2008) (“ _MacGillivray_
”) at paras 1-202 and 1-203:

_Joint and composite insurance_. It has become commonplace for reasons of
commercial convenience to insure the interests of a number of assured persons
under one policy of insurance… The fact that a number of assureds are insured
by one policy does not by itself make the policy a joint insurance. _There
cannot be a joint insurance policy unless the interests of the several persons
who are interested in the subject-matter are joint interests, so that they are
exposed to the same risks and will suffer a joint loss by the occurrence of an
insured peril_. So if two persons are joint owners of property, an insurance
to indemnify both against damage to it will afford an indemnity against their
common loss which they will both necessarily have suffered. The interests of
such co-assureds are so inseparably connected that a loss or benefit must
necessarily affect them both…

Where the interests of different persons in the same insured subject-matter
are diverse interests, a policy expressed to insure all interested persons
must be construed as a composite policy which is intended to insure each co-
assured separately in respect of his own interests. _Not only does the policy
wording show that it is intended to cover the different co-assureds separately
for their respective interests, but perforce the elements of joint risk, joint
interest and joint loss will be absent. It is usual to describe the co-
assureds in a composite policy as being insured “for their respective rights
and interests”_ , but a policy lacking that wording may nonetheless be
construed as composite…

[emphasis added]

44 A similar discussion is found in Merkin, _Colinvaux’s Law of Insurance_
(London: Sweet & Maxwell, 8th Ed, 2006) (“ _Colinvaux_ ”) at para 14-03:

_Joint and composite policies_. Where two or more persons are insured under a
single policy, it is important to determine whether the policy is joint or
composite, in that the former is regarded as a single contract whereas the
latter is a bundle of contracts. The distinction is based on the nature of the
interests of the assureds. _If the assureds share a common interest in the
insured subject-matter_ , e.g. where they are joint owners of property or
partners, _the policy is joint. By contrast, if the parties have different
interests_ , as in the case of a landlord and tenant or a mortgagor and
mortgagee, _the policy is composite_ …

If the parties have separate interests in the insured subject-matter, it is
established that _the usual wording of co-insurance, which talks of the
parties being insured “for their respective rights and interests”, will result
in a policy covering different interests being treated as composite only_.

_The following co-insurances have been held to be composite by their nature_ :
mortgagor and mortgagee, owner of goods and hirer under a hire-purchase
agreement, landlord and tenant, _contractor and sub-contractor under a
construction risks policy…_

[emphasis added]

45 There is a clear reference in the “Name of Insured” clause that the WC
Policy is “for their respective rights & interests”, which appears to militate
strongly in favour of a composite policy. This is clear from the decision of
Sir Wilfrid Greene MR in _General Accident Fire and Life Assurance Corporation
Limited v Midland Bank Limited_ [1940] 2 KB 388 (“ _Midland Bank_ ”). In
_Midland Bank_ , certain premises rented by Plant Bros Ltd (“the company”)
were insured against loss or damage by fire. The insurance policy was
expressed to be in favour of the company, its secured creditor and the
company’s landlord, “for their respective rights and interests”, and one issue
was whether the insurance policy was, on its true construction, a joint
policy.

46 In holding that the policy was, on its true construction, a composite one,
Sir Wilfrid Greene MR stated at 407-408 that:

…the reference to the insured in the endorsement… contains the words “for
their respective rights and interests.” How is that description of the insured
and that description of the indemnity to which they are to be entitled to be
fitted into the printed form which uses the phrase “the insured”? _It seems to
me that, wherever the phrase “the insured” appeared in the printed part of
this document, it would be wrong to treat that as meaning, as a matter of
construction, all the three persons named in the endorsement_. _The printed
words “the insured” must be construed and qualified by the words “for their
respective rights and interests,”_ and those printed words must be given a
construction which will fit in with the essential nature of the contract which
is being undertaken.

[emphasis added]

47 This is not, however, a complete answer to the defendant’s submission, as
the phrase “for their respective rights & interests” may refer only to, and
the WC Policy may only be composite as between, the “principals” (_ie_ M/s Kim
Teck Leong (Pte) Ltd and/or the Land Transport Authority) on the one hand and
the “contractor” (_ie_ Lim Keenly Builders Pte Ltd and/or their sub-
contractors of all tiers and level) on the other. In other words, it is
possible that the WC Policy may still be a joint policy as between the
defendant and Utracon.

48 This possible construction was raised by the court during closing
submissions. However after due consideration, I have come to the conclusion
that this possibility should be rejected for two reasons.

49 First, it appears that in joint policies, all insureds must join in any
action against the insurer: _Lombard Australia Ltd v NRMA Insurance Ltd_
[1969] 1 Lloyd’s Rep 575 (“ _Lombard Australia_ ”). In _Lombard Australia_ ,
the Court of Appeal of the Supreme Court of New South Wales held that an
insurance policy taken out in the names of a hire-purchase company and its
customer was a composite policy, and therefore the policy could be enforced by
the plaintiff hire-purchase company against the defendant insurer, without the
plaintiff having to join its customer’s executors (the customer being
deceased). Derrington and Ashton, _The Law of Liability Insurance_
(LexisNexis: Australia, 2nd Ed, 2005) at para 2-404 similarly states that:

_If the cover provided is joint, then all insured must join in any action
against the insurer_ , in which case it may raise any defence that it has
against any of them... [emphasis added]

50 In the present case, the defendant has not sought to join Utracon in its
indemnity action against the Insurer.

51 Second, and more importantly, in principle, it is impossible to construe
the WC Policy as a joint insurance, even as between the defendant and Utracon.
The defendant and Utracon have not jointly suffered any loss; they have
different interests in the subject matter of the insurance; there is no joint
risk and there is no joint element at all: _Midland Bank_ , at 405 (_per_ Sir
Wilfrid Greene MR).

52 The defendant has submitted that the distinction between joint and
composite policies is limited to insurance on property, and has no application
to liability insurance. It is true that _Midland Bank_ and _Lombard Australia_
were cases in which the subject-matter of the insurance policy was property,
but there is no reason in principle why the distinction between joint and
composite insurance cannot apply to liability insurance: one insures against
_loss_ (see the definition of insurance given by Sir Peter Webster in
_Callaghan v Dominion Insurance Co_ [1997] 2 Lloyd’s Rep 541 at 544), and both
damage to property as well as liability in damages to a claimant are equally
losses which one may insure against.

53 My view is reinforced by _The Law of Liability Insurance_ , paras 2-396 to
2-407, where there is an extensive and erudite discussion of joint and
composite policies as applied to liability insurance, containing numerous
references to _Midland Bank and Lombard Australia_. I quote, for instance,
para 2-396, which states:

The cover provided by a policy will be joint if the interests of the insured
are joint, and several if the interests are several. _Where two or more
parties are insured under a single policy and they have other than joint
responsibility or duty of care_ , then, even though they might be jointly as
well as severally liable to a claimant, the right of the insurer to repudiate
the policy as against one of them for a breach of a condition does not thereby
extend to a similar right against the others. _Such a policy should be treated
as being several; and when a policy covers persons of different interests as a
contract that is composite for convenience, it does not cover the parties
jointly_.

[emphasis added]

54 Therefore, the WC Policy is not, on its true construction, a joint policy
but a composite one, and the defendant’s interpretation of the “Name of
Insured” clause, _viz_ that the defendant and Utracon are one notional
“contractor”, is not permissible. Hence, the term “contractor” in the “Name of
Insured” clause cannot be “imported” into the Operative Clause, to assist the
defendant’s construction of the term “Insured” in the Operative Clause to mean
that the plaintiff was deemed or to be treated as its employee.

The “Risk No 001” Clause

55 The “Risk No 001” Clause provides as follows:

RISK NO 001 |  WORKMEN’S COMPENSATION (PROJECT)  
---|---  
|  INSURED EMPLOYEES  
|  ITEM 001. |  ON ALL EMPLOYEES OF INSURED AND ALL TIERS SUBCONTRACTORS  
|  |  Contract Wageroll |  S$1,504,000  
  
  

(collectively “the description of employees”)

56 It is to be noted that under s 2 of the Act, “workman” is defined as any
person who has entered into a contract of service with an employer whether by
way of manual labour or otherwise and whether the remuneration is calculated
by time or by work done subject to various exceptions set out therein which do
not apply to the present case.

57 The defendant submits that the “Risk No 001” Clause reinforces its
interpretation of the WC Policy, insofar as it states that the “insured
employees” are “all employees of insured and all tiers subcontractors”, which
is much wider than the phrase “any workman in the Insured’s employment” used
in the Operative Clause.

58 Consequently, the defendant submits that the “Risk No 001” Clause
demonstrates that workmen in the employment of Utracon in general, and the
plaintiff in particular, should be deemed, under the WC Policy, to be workmen
in the defendant’s employment.

59 Such a construction is however at odds with the defendant’s own evidence.
Mr Lye Meng Swee (“Mr Lye”), formerly the Senior Manager of HSBC Insurance
Brokers (Singapore) Pte Ltd, testified on behalf of the defendant. He was the
insurance broker who arranged the WC Policy on behalf of the defendant. He
agreed under cross-examination that the “Risk No 001” Clause was inserted to
enlarge the scope of the WC Policy, so as to ensure that it would not be
limited to covering claims by workmen, but would also cover claims by any
employee, including a person other than a workman as defined under the Act, of
an Insured:

Q… And if you look at page 38 of your affidavit… it says risk number 1 – “Risk
No 001” – do you see the words “INSURED EMPLOYEES” rather than “workmen”? Do
you see that?

AYa. “INSURED EMPLOYEES”, yes.

QAnd would you not agree, therefore, that this was to comply with your request
for extension to employees as well?

AOkay, in the policies, okay, in this policy, you would not see any word says
“workmen”, okay, employees – it – it just mention “employees”.

QYes, so the operative clause refer to “workmen”, therefore, the only
amendment to the operative clause is from “workmen” to “employees”. Do you
agree?

AIn the operative clause, it mentioned “workmen”.

QYes.

AOkay, in the schedule, it mentioned “employees”.

Q _Therefore, the cover is for employees and not only workmen. Do you agree?_

A _The cover_ –

CtMr –

A\- _is for all employees_.

CtOkay.

A _That’s – include workmen_.

[emphasis added]

In other words, the “Risk No 001” Clause was inserted to expand the definition
of a “workman”; it did not otherwise change the scope of the Operative Clause
– in particular, by modifying the concept of “employment”.

Deletion of Exceptions (b) and (c)

60 The defendant submits that the deletion of paras (b) and (c) in the
“Exceptions” Clause makes it clear that the plaintiff is deemed to be in the
defendant’s employment by and for the purposes of the WC Policy.

61 Exceptions (b) and (c) state, respectively, that:

The Company shall not be liable in respect of

(b) The Insured’s liability to employees of independent contractors engaged by
the Insured.

(c) any employee of the Insured who is not a “workman” within the meaning of
the Legislation.

62 Exception (b) if undeleted would exclude a claim by an Insured against the
Insurer for indemnity against liability incurred by it to an employee of
independent contractors engaged by the Insured. Since Exception (b) was
deleted, the defendant submits that the intention must have been to cover
claims against an Insured by employees of independent contractors, such as the
plaintiff’s claim for occupier’s liability against the defendant.

63 However the evidence adduced by the defendant revealed the purpose behind
the deletion of Exceptions (b) and (c). Mr Lye agreed under cross-examination
that Exception (c) was deleted because of the “Risk No 001” Clause, which
extended the definition of a “workman” to include “all employees of insured
and all tiers subcontractors”:

QNow… can you look at Extension [_sic_] (c): “Any employee of the insured who
is a workman within the definition of legislation” –

CtWho is not.

AWho – who is not.

QWho is not – who is not a workman.

CtYes.

Q _And you wanted to cover employees, is that not correct, not only workmen
but also employees_?

A _Yes_.

Q _And therefore deletion_ [sic] _(c) must be deleted. Is that agree –_

A _Yes_.

[emphasis added]

64 Furthermore Mr Lye also accepted that Exception (b) was deleted to prevent
conflict with Endorsement B (see [72] to [79] below):

CtThe question by Mr Kuek presupposes that Exception (b) has not been deleted.

AIt has been deleted.

CtNo, no. The question presupposes that it has not been deleted.

AOh, suppose that it has not been deleted, okay.

CtYes, so – so that is the premise of the question. _So if it has not been
deleted, would it be inconsistent with Endorsement B, that is his question_.

AOh. _Insured liability – er, yes, if it’s not deleted, then it’s
inconsistent_.

[emphasis added]

65 In addition, as the definition of “Insured” in the “Name of Insured” Clause
included all the sub-contractors involved in the project, it would have been
contradictory for Exception (b) to remain undeleted in the WC Policy.

66 It is therefore clear that the deletions of Exceptions (b) and (c) were to
make the WC Policy consistent with the additions of the “Name of Insured”
Clause, the “Risk No 001” Clause and Endorsement B. As such, they do not take
the defendant’s case any further.

Contra Proferentem

67 In addition, the defendant submits since the WC Policy is ambiguous, the
_contra proferentem_ rule should apply, and any ambiguity should be resolved
against the Insurer as the party who drafted it.

68 The _contra proferentem_ rule, however, is an aid to the construction of
ambiguous documents: it does not permit the artificial creation of an
ambiguity in order to reach a particular result (_Colinvaux_ at para 3-10, n
67). Even where a clause is ambiguous taken alone, the _contra proferentem_
rule does not apply if its meaning becomes clear in the context of the overall
policy (_Colinvaux_ at para 3-10, n 69).

69 Here, the ambiguity is allegedly created by the “Name of Insured” Clause,
but the ambiguity can be resolved by considering the entire policy, and the
_contra proferentem_ rule should not be used to import any such ambiguity into
the Operative Clause and thereby magnify it: _Cornish v The Accident Insurance
Company Limited_ (1889) 23 QBD 453, 456 _per_ Lindley LJ and _McGeown v Direct
Travel Insurance_ [2003] EWCA Civ 1606 at [13] _per_ Auld LJ.

70 Further, if a _contra proferentem_ interpretation leads to inconsistency
within the contract, and/or an unreasonable result, that defeats the aim of
ascertaining the true construction of the WC Policy, which is to determine the
objective intention of the parties as understood by a reasonable observer.

71 A _contra proferentem_ construction of the WC Policy, along the lines
advocated by the defendant, runs into these objections, as a consideration of
Endorsement B reveals.

Endorsement B

72 Before I begin my analysis of the Insurer’s submission on Endorsement B, I
should add that the defendant’s reliance on the various arguments set out
above have not displaced the plain and ordinary meaning of the Operative
Clause: namely, that the WC Policy only indemnifies any of the Insured,
including the defendant, against liabilities to workmen actually employed by
such Insured. It does not cover indemnity claims in respect of liabilities
incurred at common law to workmen employed by sub-contractors. On these
findings, it is sufficient to dispose of the claim by the defendant.

73 Nevertheless, I shall consider the Insurer’s argument that the addition of
Endorsement B effectively demolishes the defendant’s construction of the WC
Policy. Endorsement B provides, _inter alia_ , as follows:

It is hereby understood and agreed that the indemnity herein granted is
intended to cover the legal liability of the Insured to workmen in the
employment of contractors performing work for the Insured while engaged in the
business and occupation in respect of which the within policy is granted _but
only so far as regards Claims under any Workmen’s Compensation Act_ Cap 354
for the time being in force in the Republic of Singapore.

[emphasis added]

74 The Insurer’s submission is simple and straightforward. It is to be noted
that Endorsement B specifically covers “workmen in the employment of
contractors performing work for the Insured”, but is limited to claims by
workmen under the Act. Endorsement B is intended to be an extension of the WC
Policy to cover workmen compensation claims under the Act by workmen of any
contractor whoever may be the employer. However, according to the defendant,
by virtue of the various other clauses of the WC Policy (_eg_ the
Interpretation Clause, the “Name of Insured” Clause and the “Risk No 001”
Clause, above), Utracon and all other sub-contractors are deemed, together
with the defendant, to collectively be the “contractor” and hence the
“Insured”. If this is right, the Insurer submits, then there is no point in
making a separate provision, via Endorsement B, for “workmen in the employment
of contractors performing work for the Insured” if this is already achieved by
the Operative Clause on the true construction of the WC Policy.

75 Clearly, Endorsement B must have been intended for a different purpose.
According to Mr Lye, Endorsement B is a specific requirement by the Land
Transport Authority (“LTA”). In fact, it is expressly stated in Memorandum 3
of the WC Policy that Endorsement B is applicable to the LTA. Under s 17 of
the Act, workmen of sub-contractors have a statutory right of action against
the main contractor for workmen’s compensation as if the workman had been
employed by the main contractor.

76 Counsel for the Insurer submits that Endorsement B was added to the WC
Policy to enable employees of the LTA to claim for workmen’s compensation
under the Act. The Insurer submits that the employees of the defendant and its
sub-contractors including Utracon need not rely on Endorsement B since they
have a statutory right of action under s 17 of the Act. As explained in _Awang
bin Dollah_ at [57], the purpose of s 17 of the Act is to enable the workman
to bypass the privity of contract between the main contractor and the sub-
contractor. However in order for s 17 to apply, the workman must be employed
in the execution of works pursuant to a contract between the main contractor
and the sub-contractor for the purposes of carrying out works undertaken by
the main contractor. An employee of the LTA who is injured at the worksite
would not be performing any work pursuant to a sub-contract between the LTA
and the main contractor, and accordingly would not be entitled to rely on s 17
of the Act to claim for workmen’s compensation against the main contractor.

77 In my view, Endorsement B was not added only for the benefit of the LTA.
After all, Endorsement B plainly refers to the “Insured”, which, as defined in
the “Name of Insured” Clause, includes a number of different parties. Instead,
it is Endorsement A that was added for the benefit of the LTA (and M/s Kim
Teck Leong (Pte) Ltd), as Endorsement A provides that the Insurer will
indemnify the “principal” against a claim under the Act by any workman
employed by the “Insured or the Insured’s Contractors”. In my opinion,
Endorsement B was added to permit the relevant Insured (including but not
limited to the LTA) to claim an indemnity against the Insurer for workmen’s
compensation paid under the Act to workmen who were not its employees so long
as such workmen were performing work for any of the contractors or sub-
contractors at the time of the accident. Such a claim without Endorsement B
would otherwise not be payable under the Operative Clause.

78 However, the extension under Endorsement B applies _only_ in respect of
_workmen’s compensation claims under the Act_ by “workmen in the employment of
contractors performing work for the Insured [_ie_ the defendant]”. Therefore,
an indemnity cannot be obtained in respect of _common law claims_ , such as
occupier’s liability, against the Insured (_ie_ the defendant) by workmen in
the employment of contractors engaged by the Insured (_ie_ the defendant).

79 Technically, however, even though workmen of sub-contractors (such as the
plaintiff) have a statutory right of action against the defendant under s 17
of the Act, without Endorsement B, the defendant would not be able to claim an
indemnity from the Insurer, since the Operative Clause refers to a “workman in
the Insured’s [_ie_ the defendant’s] employment”. It is not the workmen of
sub-contractors (or of the LTA) who have to rely on Endorsement B in order to
claim an indemnity against the defendant: they rely on their rights at common
law as modified by statute to do so, rather than on an insurance contract
between the defendant and the Insurer which cannot confer any rights on them.
It is the defendant who must rely on Endorsement B in order to claim an
indemnity from the Insurer in the event of a successful claim against it under
the Act by “workmen in the employment of contractors performing work for
[it]”.

80 A consideration of Endorsement B therefore demonstrates that, in the
context of the entire WC Policy, the defendant’s suggested construction cannot
be sustained, as it would have the effect of rendering Endorsement B either
otiose or contradictory.

Conclusion

81 It appears to me that the defendant and its insurance broker believed that
the WC Policy was sufficiently comprehensive to embrace the present indemnity
claim. However genuine their belief may be, the task of the court is to
construe the terms of the insurance policy in order to determine its scope and
whether on its true construction the indemnity claimed by the defendant is
payable. Unfortunately for the defendant, the WC Policy only responds to
indemnity claims brought by any of the Insured in respect of liability
incurred at common law or under the Act to its employees. It does not respond
to common law claims (as opposed to claims under the Act, which are brought
within and covered by the WC Policy as a result of Endorsement B) brought by
non-employees against the Insured as occupier of the worksite. While this may
seem like an anomalous lacuna, as explained by counsel for the Insurer, it is
always possible for the defendant or any insured to procure a policy to cover
the current situation. That could be achieved, for example, by deleting the
proviso ” _but only so far as regards Claims under any Workmen’s Compensation
Act Cap 354 for the time being in force”_ from Endorsement B. Obviously there
are other ways to arrange insurance to cover the present situation. It is
ultimately a question of pricing, _ie_ the premium.

82 In the result, the claim by the defendant against the Insurer is dismissed
with costs to be taxed if not agreed.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 07 May 2010 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

