Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Thio Keng Poon _v_ Thio Syn Pyn and others and another appeal  
[2010] SGCA 16

Case Number| :| Civil Appeals No. 64 and 71 of 2009  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 08 April 2010  
Tribunal/Court| :| Court of Appeal  
Coram| :|  Chao Hick Tin JA; Andrew Phang Boon Leong JA; V K Rajah JA  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Chelva Retnam Rajah SC and Muthu Arusu (Tan Rajah &
Cheah) for the appellant; Davinder Singh SC and Adrian Tan (Drew & Napier LLC)
for the respondents.  
Parties| :|  Thio Keng Poon — Thio Syn Pyn and others  
  
[LawNet Editorial Note: This was an appeal from the decision of the High Court
in [2009] SGHC 135.]

8 April 2010| Judgment reserved.  
---|---  
  
Chao Hick Tin JA (delivering the judgment of the court):

Introduction

1 This is an appeal (Civil Appeal No 64 of 2009) by one Thio Keng Poon (the
plaintiff in both Suit No. 734 of 2008/S (“Suit 734”) and Suit No. 10 of
2008/T (“Suit 10”) below and is hereinafter referred to as “the Appellant”)
against the decisions (in respect of both suits) made by the High Court judge
(“the Judge”) in _Thio Keng Poon v Thio Syn Pyn and Others and Another
Suit_[2009] SGHC 135.

2 In Suit 734, the Appellant alleged that he was “surreptitiously”[note: 1]
removed from his offices of Chairman, Managing Director and Director in both
Malaysia Dairy Industries Pte Ltd (“Malaysia Dairy”) and Modern Dairy
International Pte Ltd (“Modern Dairy”) in a manner which did not accord with
the Articles of Association (“AA”) of the aforementioned companies (“the
breach of AA issue”). In Suit 10, the plaintiff’s case was premised on
minority oppression, breach of contract, and breach of an understanding and
assurance (“the Minority Oppression issue”). The Judge dismissed the
Appellant’s claims in both suits upon a “no case to answer” submission at the
trial below. Separately, the Appellant has also filed an appeal (in Civil
Appeal No. 71 of 2009/Q) against an Order of Court made by the Judge,
disallowing the amendments proposed by the Appellant in relation to the 3rd
paragraph of the draft Judgment put forward by the Respondents and relating to
their counterclaim in Suit 10.

Factual background

3 The _dramatis personae_ in this appeal comprise the Appellant, his wife,
Kwik Poh Leng (“Madam Kwik”), and their six children. In order of birth, the
children are:

Name |  Seniority in Family |  Year of Birth  
---|---|---  
Thio Syn Luan Vicki, (“Vicki”) |  1st daughter |  1957  
Thio Syn Pyn (“Pyn”) |  1st son |  1958  
Thio Syn Kym, Wendy (“Wendy”) |  2nd daughter |  1960  
Thio Syn Ghee (“Ghee”) |  2nd son |  1962  
Thio Syn San, Serene (“Serene”) |  3rd daughter |  1963  
Thio Syn Wee (“Wee”) |  3rd son |  1965  
  
  

4 The Appellant is the founder and was the Managing Director of Malaysia
Dairy, a company incorporated in Singapore in 1963 pursuant to a joint venture
between the Appellant and the Australian Dairy Produce Board (the “ADPB”). In
1968, the Appellant bought out ADPB, and became both the Chairman and the
Managing Director of Malaysia Dairy.

5 The year 1969 saw two developments. First, Malaysia Milk Sdn Bhd (“Malaysia
Milk”) was incorporated in Malaysia as a wholly owned subsidiary of Malaysia
Dairy. Its operations, which began in 1977, were based in Malaysia. Secondly,
Thio Holdings (Private) Limited (“Thio Holdings”) was set up as an investment
holding company for the various business ventures entered into by the members
of the Thio family. Currently, Thio Holdings holds 30% of the issued share
capital of Malaysia Dairy. Since then, the business of the Appellant’s
companies has expanded exponentially and additional companies have been set up
beyond Singapore and Malaysia. Indeed, the Thio family currently owns and
manages the following group of companies (“the Thio Group”)[note: 2]:

**In Singapore**

a. Thio Holdings;

b. Malaysia Dairy;

c. Modern Dairy (which is wholly owned by Malaysia Diary);

d. United Realty (Singapore) Private Limited (“United Realty”); and

e. Cotra Enterprises Pte Ltd.

**In Malaysia**

a. Malaysia Milk; and

b. Cotra Enterprises Sdn Bhd (“Cotra Sdn”).

**In Hong Kong**

a. Premier Enterprise Limited; and

b. Pertama Investment Limited.

**In Myanmar**

a. Myanmar Dairy International Pte Ltd.

**In Brunei**

a. Modern Dairy Industries (B) Sdn Bhd.

In so far as the above companies are concerned, we note that the ones in Hong
Kong, Myanmar and Brunei do not feature in this appeal.

6 Over the years, the Appellant transferred his shares in the various
companies in the Thio Group, as well as to cause these companies to issue
bonus shares, to the other members of the family for “no consideration”.
However, it will soon be seen that the Appellant himself had also benefitted
from his well-calculated moves to transfer a certain portion of ownership in
these companies to the rest of his family.

7 As is common in many family-run companies, from 1983, Pyn, being the eldest
son, began assisting the Appellant in the running of the business of the Thio
Group and was thereafter in 1995 appointed Deputy Managing Director. Based on
the sterling financial results of the companies and the supporting evidence
from Serene, it cannot be disputed that Pyn successfully took the reins of the
Thio Group and steered the Group’s business to even greater heights. The
Appellant, however, became dissatisfied because his previously unchecked
powers of control over the business were progressively being reined in by his
family members. The Appellant appeared to be labouring under the belief that,
as the founder of Malaysia Dairy and the patriarch of the family, he was
entitled to retain the various offices in the Thio Group on a permanent basis
until such time as he chose to retire, or until he passes away, whichever
first occurs.

8 There were various disputes[note: 3] in the Thio family, one of which arose
as a result of the Appellant’s proposal in 1995 to restructure the respective
shareholdings of his children so as to provide for his grandsons (Ghee’s twin
sons who happen to be the Appellant’s only grandsons). These disputes involved
various share restructuring exercises which were proposed by the Appellant. In
an attempt to resolve these disputes once and for all, the Appellant and the
rest of the Thio family eventually entered into a Deed of Settlement on 23
December 2005 (“Deed of Settlement”)[note: 4], which bound the Appellant and
the 1st to 9th Respondents (the 1st to 6th Respondents – the children, the 7th
Respondent – the wife, the 8th Respondent – Thio Holdings and the 9th
Respondent – Malaysia Dairy). For ease of reference, the more pivotal clauses
of the Deed of Settlement are reproduced hereunder:

_Clause 10_

Each of the Parties to this Deed hereby confirms and accepts that upon
Completion, each of the Parties’ full legal, registered and beneficial
shareholdings in the Companies shall be as set out in Columns 5 and 6 of the
Schedules, and: -

(a) none of them shall have any further right or claim to any other
shareholding or equity interest in the Companies, save for interests in shares
arising from subscriptions or investments or rights arising after the date of
this Deed; and

(b) _their respective shareholdings stated in Column 5 and 6 of the Schedules
represent their respective full legal and beneficial interests and none of
them: -_

(_i_) _is holding any shares in the Companies on trust or on behalf of any
other person; or_

(_ii_) _has any claim to or beneficial interest in any shares in the Companies
that are registered in the name of any other person_.

_…_

_Clause 13_

The Parties agree that the Companies will be managed and operated for profit
and _in accordance with best corporate practices to return to shareholders
maximum returns_.

_Clause 15_

This Deed sets forth the entire agreement and understanding of the Parties
with respect to the subject matter contained herein and _supersedes all prior
discussions and agreement_ , whether written or oral, relating to the subject
matter herein.

[emphasis added]

9 It is apparent that the Deed of Settlement conclusively settled the
distribution of the shares in the Thio Group (“save for interests in shares
arising from subscriptions or investments or rights arising after the date of
the Deed of Settlement”[note: 5]). Indeed, pursuant to the Deed of Settlement,
the Appellant received shares (which had a total net tangible asset value in
excess of $24 million as at 31 December 2005) from Pyn, Wee and Thio Holdings.
Nevertheless, Pyn and Wee still jointly retained majority control over Thio
Holdings and Malaysia Dairy.

10 As it turned out, however, the Deed of Settlement did not, contrary to
expectations, precipitate harmony within the family. Indeed, disputes
unfortunately continued to plague the Thio family which remained a cauldron of
animosity. Among the disputes were a demand by the Appellant for a $10 million
birthday gift[note: 6] and a proposal by the Appellant to re-assert control
over the Thio Group. But he did not succeed in either[note: 7]. Other
altercations appeared to be petty ones which were invariably “resolved” after
one party gave in (reluctantly or otherwise) to the other. However, a
significant event occurred in 2007 which became the genesis for the removal of
the Appellant from his various positions in the Thio Group.

11 On 22 October 2007, Malaysia Dairy decided to engage an audit and assurance
firm, Ernst & Young (“E&Y”), to conduct an independent review of the travel
expenses incurred by the Appellant for the period 1 January 2005 to 30
September 2007 as recorded in the accounting books and records of Malaysia
Dairy, Malaysia Milk and Cotra Sdn.[note: 8]

12 After E&Y reported their findings on the review, the Appellant was shortly
thereafter removed from his positions as Chairman, Managing Director and
Director of Malaysia Dairy and Modern Dairy on or around 20 November 2007 and
21 November 2007 respectively. The impetus for the Appellant’s removal was the
discovery by E&Y that there had been 9 occasions where the Appellant had
claimed for reimbursement of _air ticket_ expenses for the same trip from both
Malaysia Dairy and Cotra Sdn (“the Double Claims”). In essence, what the
Appellant did was to claim the cost of the same trips _twice_ , once from
Malaysia Dairy (for the sum of S$ 45,529.64) and again from Cotra Sdn (for the
sum of S$ 48,713.67). In his defence, the Appellant insisted that the monetary
value of the Double Claims which he had made against Malaysia Dairy and Cotra
Sdn was in fact less than what he would have been entitled to claim for the
air-tickets (for one person) plus the _hotel_ expenses which he had incurred
on those trips.[note: 9]

13 In the light of the above findings by E&Y, Pyn called for a meeting of the
Board of Directors of Malaysia Dairy to be held on 20 November 2007 (“the 20
November meeting”). Notice[note: 10] was given to all the directors of
Malaysia Dairy save for the Appellant who was then overseas (_ie_ , not in
Singapore or West Malaysia). According to the notice, the 20 November meeting
was convened to discuss the E&Y report as well as the removal of the Appellant
as “Director, Managing Director and/ or Chairman”.

14 Although notice in respect of the 20 November meeting was not given to the
Appellant, Serene informed the Appellant’s secretary, Teo Beng Koon (“Teo”),
that the Board of Malaysia Dairy would be meeting on 20 November 2007 to
discuss the removal of the Appellant from the positions he held in the
company.[note: 11] Teo then telephoned the Appellant (who was then overseas)
in an attempt to relay the information which Serene provided. When the
Appellant did not answer Teo’s telephone call, he sent the Appellant text
messages.[note: 12] Furthermore, the Appellant’s solicitors (Messrs Shook Lin
& Bok LLP) were informed of the 20 November meeting and duly sent an e-mail to
the Respondents’ solicitors stating that the Appellant “objects to the
convening of a Board meeting of [Malaysia Dairy] at such short notice on such
a serious matter, especially when [Malaysia Dairy] knows full well that [the
Appellant] is out of the country for a medical procedure”.[note: 13]

15 Having reviewed the E&Y report, the Board of Directors of Malaysia Dairy
(seven directors, being the Appellant’s three sons, Lim Choo Peng (“Lim”),
Madam Kwik, Wendy and Serene, were present) at the 20 November meeting
unanimously approved the removal of the Appellant as Director, Managing
Director and Chairman of Malaysia Dairy in accordance with Article 88(c) of
Malaysia Dairy’s Articles of Association (“AA”), as well as an authorised
signatory of Malaysia Dairy’s bank accounts.[note: 14]

16 A members’ resolution at the 44th Annual General Meeting (“AGM”) of
Malaysia Dairy held on 21 November 2007 “approve[d], confirm[ed] and
ratifi[ed]” the Board’s removal of the Appellant from his positions as
Director, Managing Director and Chairman in Malaysia Dairy. At this AGM, the
Appellant was represented by his proxy, Wendy Lee, who opposed the
ratification of the Board’s removal of the Appellant. It should be noted that
all the members of the Thio family were present (either in person or by proxy)
at the AGM on 21 November 2007.

17 Turning to Modern Dairy, the Appellant also suffered the same fate there.
By a resolution in writing dated 7 November 2007, the Board of Modern Dairy
resolved to hold its AGM on 21 November 2007\. Pyn was the appointed
representative of Malaysia Dairy at Modern Dairy’s AGM.[note: 15]
Consequently, the Appellant was removed as Director, Managing Director and
Chairman of Modern Dairy and as its authorised bank signatory after Modern
Dairy resolved that the Appellant be requested to vacate and by reason thereof
was deemed to have vacated his offices.[note: 16] We should add that the
Appellant was also removed as a director of Thio Holding and United Realty.
However, he is not challenging his removal as a director of these two
companies.

18 Following the Appellant’s removal from the various offices, the Boards of
Directors of the companies in the Thio Group in Singapore consisted of his
five children (except for the 1st daughter, Vicki) and Madam Kwik. Pyn and
Wee, who collectively own 51% of the shares in Thio Holdings, now have
effective control over the entire Thio Group. The Appellant, on the other
hand, is currently a minority shareholder in the Thio Group, holding only
4.75% in Thio Holdings, 11.5% in Malaysia Dairy and 10% in United Realty.

19 For the sake of clarity, we now set out in the table below the
shareholdings of the various parties at the time of the trial:

Name of Shareholder |  Thio Holdings (%) |  MDI (%) |  United Realty (%)  
---|---|---|---  
Pyn |  25.50 |  10.50 |  8.75  
Wee |  25.50 |  10.50 |  8.75  
Madam Kwik |  21.75 |  12.50 |  10.00  
Ghee |  9.00 |  10.00 |  8.75  
Vicki |  4.50 |  5.00 |  2.50  
Wendy |  4.50 |  5.00 |  2.50  
Serene |  4.50 |  5.00 |  2.50  
Thio Holdings |  - |  30.00 |  26.25  
Malaysia Dairy |  - |  - |  20.00  
Appellant |  4.75 |  11.50 |  10.00  
  
  

To complete the factual matrix, we should add that prior to the trial below,
the Appellant had on two separate occasions sought an interim injunction to
restrain the Respondents from carrying out their decisions to remove him from
the offices he held in those companies. On both occasions, he failed.[note:
17] The Appellant then brought the present two actions, the details of which
are set out below.

The trial below

20 In addition to seeking reinstatement to the offices at Malaysia Dairy and
Modern Dairy to which he was deemed to have vacated, the Appellant also sought
payment by Malaysia Dairy of arrears of his monthly salary of $70,000 from 21
November 2007, which was the date of his removal. On the other hand, Malaysia
Dairy counter-claimed that the Appellant had breached his fiduciary duties
owed to it by making the Double Claims.

21 The first issue which the Judge addressed (as a “preliminary observation”)
was the effect and significance of a submission of “no case to answer” by the
Respondents at the close of the Appellant’s case. The Judge was of the view
that the Appellant had failed to discharge his burden of proof in relation to
both Suit 10 (dealing with the Minority Oppression issue) and Suit 734
(involving the Breach of AA issue). Consequently, she found that there was,
indeed, no case to answer and the Appellant’s claims for both suits were
dismissed. The Judge further granted interlocutory judgment to Malaysia Diary
on its counterclaim against the Appellant in Suit 10.

Suit 10 (“Minority Oppression”)

22 We will now turn to briefly analyse the case which was presented to the
Judge in both of the two suits. In the Minority Oppression suit, the Appellant
alleged that the Respondents had conducted the affairs of Malaysia Dairy and
Modern Dairy and exercised their powers as directors of those companies[note:
18]:-

(a)

in a manner _oppressive_ to the Appellant;

(b)

in _disregard of his interests_ as a member and shareholder of both companies;
and

(c)

in a manner which _unfairly discriminated_ against him, or was otherwise
unfairly prejudicial to him.

To support his contention of oppression, the Appellant alleged that the
following circumstances existed:

(a)

There was an understanding (see next paragraph for what was alleged to be the
contents of that understanding) between the Appellant on the one hand and his
wife (the 7th Respondent) and children (1st to 6th Respondents) on the other
pursuant to which he had, over the years, transferred his shares in the Thio
Group to his wife and children and thus reduced his holdings in the Thio Group
to that of a minority (“the Understanding”); and

(b)

An assurance was made by Pyn and Wee to Wendy, Serene and Vicki that they
would not seek to remove the Appellant from his various positions in the Thio
Group (“the Assurance”).

The Appellant therefore contended that he was removed from his positions in
the Thio Group in breach of the Understanding and the Assurance.

The Understanding

23 It appeared from the evidence that the alleged Understanding was really a
unilateral assumption or belief on the part of the Appellant as the same was
never uttered by the Appellant to his wife or children. His family members
were not privy to what he was thinking. In essence, the Understanding was
solely based on the implicit trust which the Appellant had in his wife and
children. The Appellant _expected_ that in return for his gift of shares to
his family members, they would concur to him retaining sole overall control
over the entire Thio Group.[note: 19] The Appellant further elaborated on _the
terms_ of the Understanding as follows[note: 20]:

(a)

The Appellant would be entitled to _participate in the management_ of the Thio
Group to the extent that the Appellant desired until the Appellant decided to
relinquish his right to participate;

(b)

the Appellant would _retain his position as Director, Managing Director and
Chairman_ of the companies in the Thio Group and would continue to lead the
companies until he decided to relinquish these positions; and

(c)

The Appellant would have the _final decision in respect of any salaries and
fees_ payable to, or other benefits accruing to, the directors, including
himself, of the companies in the Thio Group.

24 At this juncture, in order to better appreciate why the Understanding arose
in the Appellant’s mind, it is necessary that we allude to the Appellant’s
evidence. The Appellant said that he began to transfer his shares, and issue
bonus shares, to his children and wife (_ie_ , the 1st to 7th Respondents)
when Pyn and Wee were aged 12 and 5 years old respectively. According to him,
his intention behind the provision of shares for his family was three-
fold.[note: 21] First, he wanted to give his family a certain degree of
ownership in his business. Second, he wanted to make provision for their well-
being after his death. Finally, he wanted to minimise estate duty for his
family. Furthermore, the Appellant gradually relinquished the overall
management of the business in the Thio Group after he handed the reins over
Malaysia Dairy to Pyn by appointing him as its Deputy Managing Director in
1995. In that same year, the Appellant also retired from his positions as
Managing Director of Malaysia Milk and Cotra Sdn and these positions were
handed over to Lim. The Appellant averred that all these moves were executed
by him on the basis that the Understanding existed and operated among all the
members of the Thio family.

The Assurance

25 Turning next to the question as to how the Assurance arose, the Appellant
alleged that prior to the execution of the Deed of Settlement, and pursuant to
and consistent with the Understanding, both Pyn and Wee assured the
Appellant’s daughters that the Appellant would not be removed from his
positions in the various companies in the Thio Group (“the Assurance”). Vicki
then communicated the Assurance to the Appellant via the company secretary of
Thio Holdings before the Appellant signed the Deed of Settlement. In this
connection, the Appellant argued that he signed the Deed of Settlement in
reliance on the Assurance.

26 We note, however, that for the purposes of the present appeal, the
Appellant has abandoned his case based on the existence of the
Assurance.[note: 22] Indeed, in his written submissions to this court, the
Appellant conceded that he “was unable to establish the existence of the
Assurance at trial, and (will) not persist on that at the hearing of this
appeal”.[note: 23] He, however, submits that the non-existence of the
Assurance “does not detract from the existence of the Understanding”.

The Double Claims

27 The Appellant did not deny making the Double Claims. His explanation,
however, was that he had travelled with a female companion and had he
submitted a claim for hotel expenses, his family would come to know of his
extramarital affair, which he wanted to keep under wraps so as to maintain
family harmony. According to the Appellant, the cost of the airline ticket was
always less than that of the hotel accommodation. Hence, by claiming for two
airline tickets for each trip instead of a single airline ticket plus the cost
of hotel accommodation, he was effectively out of pocket.[note: 24] The point
he underscored was that he had not claimed more than what he was entitled to
claim as reimbursements from the companies. However, the Judge noted that the
Appellant was not able to substantiate his assertion that the hotel expenses
were in fact more than the cost of the second ticket.

Counterclaim by the Respondents

28 As regards the counterclaim by the Respondents, the latter have, in
essence, relied on the findings of E&Y to aver that the Appellant had acted in
breach of his fiduciary duties owed to Malaysia Dairy.[note: 25]

Suit 734 (“Breach of AA”)

29 In this action, the Appellant contended that he had been removed from his
offices as Director, Managing Director and Chairman of both Malaysia Dairy and
Modern Dairy in breach of the AA of both companies. In so far as Malaysia
Dairy was concerned, the underlying basis for his contention was that Article
88(c) of Malaysia Dairy’s AA was not complied with and that therefore Malaysia
Diary’s attempt to remove the Appellant was wholly invalid because no request
was made to him to resign as a director as required under that article.
Article 88(c) of Malaysia Diary’s AA reads as follows:

The office of director shall, _ipso facto_ , be vacated:-

…

(c) If he shall be requested to vacate office by all the other Directors, they
pass a resolution that he has been so requested and by reason thereof has
vacated his office.

30 The Appellant further argued that since the Directors’ resolution passed on
20 November 2007 was ineffective, it followed that the resolution passed at
the AGM of 21 November 2007 was consequently also of no effect because it
merely “approve[d], confirm[ed] and ratifi[ed]” the Board’s purported removal
of the Appellant on 20 November 2007.

31 A similar argument to the above was made in relation to the resolution
passed at the AGM of Modern Dairy on 21 November 2007 which was worded in the
following terms:

Mr Thio Keng Poon be requested to vacate, and by reason thereof is deemed to
have vacated, the office as a Director, Managing Director and Chairman of the
Company with immediate effect.

The Appellant averred that the Resolution of 21 November 2007 was again not
effective in removing him as the Chairman, Managing Director and Director of
Modern Dairy because it was passed in contravention of Article 82(g) of the
Modern Dairy AA, as no request was made to him to vacate his office on or
before 21 November 2007. Article 82(g) of the Modern Dairy AA reads as
follows:

The office of director shall become vacant if the director –

…

be _requested in writing_ by all his Co-Directors to resign.

[emphasis added]

32 At this juncture, we should explain that in the course of the trial, as
well as for the present appeal, the Appellant accepted that Article 82(g) was
in fact _not_ part of the Modern Dairy AA (although the Judge had specifically
considered Article 82(g) of the Modern Dairy AA in her findings). The correct
position is that Article 82(g) was in fact part of a _proposed_ set of
Articles that was not passed eventually. However, notwithstanding the non-
existence of Article 82(g), the Appellant argued in the alternative that there
was absent a valid resolution to remove him pursuant to the only relevant
article, Article 71, the material portion of which reads as follows: “The
company may by ordinary resolution remove any director before the expiration
of his period of office…”. The Appellant, therefore, contended that he had not
been effectively removed and that he continued to hold those offices because
the resolution of 21 November 2007 was _prima facie_ invalid (since it stated
that a request be made to the Appellant to resign and, as it turned out, _no_
prior request had in fact been made to the Appellant to vacate his
office).[note: 26]

The findings by the Judge

33 The Judge dismissed both actions brought by the Appellant and allowed the
Respondents’ counterclaim.

(i) Suit 10

34 In relation to Suit 10 (the Minority Oppression issue), the Judge held that
the Understanding did not in fact exist. It was purely something that existed
in the Appellant’s own mind. Indeed, the Appellant’s evidence was that he
never discussed the Understanding with any of his children, although he
alleged that he had discussed it with his wife. In essence, the Understanding
was unspoken and therefore, there was no way his family members could have
known about it or of what he had in mind.

35 The Judge noted that the Appellant was unable to specify precisely the
terms of the Understanding. Moreover, the Appellant had also failed to mention
the Understanding to the Respondents when on numerous occasions it would have
been appropriate and advantageous to have brought it up.

36 Another important point which the Judge commented on was that as clause 15
of the Deed of Settlement expressly provided that the Deed superseded all
prior discussions and agreements relating to the shares, this would
necessarily mean that whatever previous understandings or agreement which
might have existed between the parties prior to the execution of the Deed will
no longer have any effect.

37 As regards the Assurance, the Judge found that the evidence adduced by the
Appellant was “troubling”.[note: 27] First, Serene who was one of the parties
to the Assurance, testified that she was not aware of any such Assurance.
Secondly, Teo revealed in court that Vicki had informed him that there was
such an Assurance on the day of the signing of the Deed of Settlement. Yet,
Vicki did not inform the Appellant directly when the Appellant was also
present on the occasion. Thirdly, the terms of the Assurance were contrary to
the spirit and letter of both clauses 13 and 15 of the Deed of Settlement.

38 In any event, the Judge also held that the Appellant was represented at the
AGM of Malaysia Dairy on 21 November 2007 by a proxy who was given ample
opportunity to question the E&Y report and or make representations but had
failed to do either. As for the AGM of Modern Dairy held on 21 November 2007,
she found that the Appellant did not have any standing to sue under s 216 of
the Companies Act (Cap 50, 2006 Rev Ed)(“the Companies Act”) because he was
not a member of Modern Dairy.

(ii) Suit 734

39 In so far as Suit 734 (the Breach of AA issue) was concerned, the Judge
also found in favour of the Respondents. She held that as regards the meeting
of 20 November 2007 of Malaysia Dairy, there was no requirement to notify the
Appellant, who was then overseas, of it because Article 112 of Malaysia
Dairy’s AA provided that:

[i]t shall not be necessary to give notice of a meeting of the Board to any
Director for the time being absent from Singapore and West Malaysia[note: 28].

40 Further, the Judge invoked s 392(2) of the Companies Act to find that the
resolution of the Board of Malaysia Dairy and the resolution of the AGM of the
company the next day were valid as no “substantial injustice” was shown to
have been caused to the Appellant. Consequently, she held at [81] as follows:

Granted, the [Appellant] was not requested to vacate office by all the other
directors pursuant to Article 88(c) of the [Malaysia Dairy] Articles and the
notice in relation to [Malaysia Dairy]’s 44th AGM did not contain sufficient
information to enable a prudent member to decide whether or not to attend the
meeting. However, a defect in the notice would not invalidate a meeting
unless, as provided by s 392(2) of the [Companies] Act, substantial injustice
was caused to the [Appellant] which cannot be remedied by any order of the
Court.

Preliminary Issues of “No case to answer” & “Introduction of new points in
this appeal”

41 Before moving on to discuss the main issues of this appeal, it is necessary
to dispose of two preliminary issues. The first relates to the Appellant’s
contention that an adverse inference _ought to[note: 29]_ have been drawn
against the Respondents for having made a submission of no case to answer. The
essence of the Appellant’s point is that “[a] party who is in control of
material evidence on an issue in an action who fails to produce that evidence
to the court is vulnerable to an adverse inference being drawn against him
under section 116(g) of the Evidence Act”.[note: 30]

42 We see no merit in this averment. It is settled principle that the legal
burden to prove a case always rests with the plaintiff. It is only when a
_prima facie_ case has been established by the plaintiff that the burden
shifts to the defendant. A plaintiff cannot simply rely on s 116(g) to
discharge his primary burden of proof of establishing a case against the
defendant. But once some _prima facie_ case is established and the defendant
chooses to submit a no case to answer, then that failure to offer evidence
could be fatal to the defendant’s case.

43 In the English Court of Appeal decision of _Wisniewski v Central Manchester
Health Authority_ [1998] 5 PIQR 324 at 340, Brooke LJ made the following
pertinent observations:

(1)  _In certain circumstances_ a court _may_ be entitled to draw adverse
inferences from the absence or silence of a witness who might be expected to
have material evidence to give on an issue in an action.

(2) If a court is willing to draw such inferences, they may go to strengthen
the evidence adduced on that issue by the other party or to weaken the
evidence, if any, adduced by the party who might reasonably have been expected
to call the witness.

(3) There must, however, have been some evidence, however weak, adduced by the
former on the matter in question before the court is entitled to draw the
desired inference: _in other words, there must be a case to answer on that
issue_.

(4) If the reason for the witness’s absence or silence satisfies the court,
then no such adverse inference may be drawn. If, on the other hand, there is
some credible explanation given, even if it not wholly satisfactory, the
potentially detrimental effect of his/her absence or silence may be reduced or
nullified.

[emphasis added]

44 These principles as distilled by Brooke LJ were alluded to and endorsed by
the High Court in _Cheong Ghim Fah & Anor v Murtigian s/o Rangasamy_ [2004] 1
SLR 628 at [42] - [43]. The law on this was also recently applied by the High
Court in _Lim Eng Hock Peter v Lin Jian Wei_ [2009] SGHC 31 where the judge
stated as follows at [209]:

I agree with the defendants that the test of whether there is no case to
answer is whether the plaintiff’s evidence at face value establishes no case
in law or whether the evidence led by the plaintiff is so unsatisfactory or
unreliable that its burden of proof has not been discharged (_Bansal Hermant
Govindprasad; Lim Swee Khiang and Sukhpreet Kaur_). However, _this does not
mean that an adverse inference will be drawn immediately against the
defendants simply because they chose to submit on a “no case to answer_ ”.

[emphasis added]

45 Accordingly, in the present case, as the Judge had held that, on the basis
of the evidence presented to her by the Appellant, there was no case for the
Respondents to answer, no adverse inference should be drawn against the
Respondents for deciding not to call any evidence. The Appellant had not
satisfied the threshold requirement which would necessitate the Respondents to
answer.

46 The second preliminary issue is whether the Appellant ought to be granted
leave to raise a number of new issues in this appeal. Here we note that the
Respondents have strenuously contended that the “Appellant has impermissibly
sought to raise new issues on appeal”.[note: 31] The new issues are these:

(a)

That clause 7 of the Memorandum of Association (“the MA”) of Thio Holdings
(“clause 7”)[note: 32] is consistent with the existence of the Understanding
(“the clause 7 point”);

(b)

That the rules of natural justice apply and were not complied with in respect
of the 20 November meeting (“the Natural Justice point”); and

(c)

In addition to the procedural safeguards embodied in Malaysia Dairy’s AA, the
Appellant had an equitable right to be notified of the 20 November meeting and
this right had been infringed (“the Equitable Right point”).

47 In our view, the clause 7 point is a new argument which is different
(especially in substance) from the original argument that there was an
Understanding (bearing in mind that the Understanding was indisputably both
_unspoken and unwritten_). The “classic statement of principle” relating to
the admission of a new point at the appeal stage was alluded to by this court
in _Panwah Steel Pte Ltd v Koh Brothers Buildin & Civil Engineering Contractor
(Pte) Ltd_ [2006] 4 SLR(R) 571 (“ _Panwah Steel_ ”) at [15] as follows:

The classic statement of principle is, of course, that of Lord Herschell in
the House of Lords decision of _The Owners of the Ship “Tasmania” and the
Owners of the Freight v Smith and others, The Owners of the Ship “City of
Corinth” (The “Tasmania”)_ (1890) 15 App Cas 223, as follows (at 225):

My Lords, I think that a point such as this, not taken at the trial, and
presented for the first time in the Court of Appeal, ought to be most
jealously scrutinised. The conduct of a cause at the trial is governed by, and
the questions asked of the witnesses are directed to, the points then
suggested. And it is obvious that no care is exercised in the elucidation of
facts not material to them.

_It appears to me that under these circumstances a Court of Appeal ought only
to decide in favour of an appellant on a ground there put forward for the
first time, if it be satisfied beyond doubt, first, that it has before it all
the facts bearing upon the new contention, as completely as would have been
the case if the controversy had arisen at the trial; and next, that no
satisfactory explanation could have been offered by those whose conduct is
impugned if an opportunity for explanation had been afforded them when in the
witness box_.

[emphasis in original]

48 Apart from the above passage from _The “Tasmania”_ which has been cited and
applied by our courts on numerous occasions, it would be apposite for us to
also allude to _North Staffordshire Railway Company v Edge_ [1920] AC 254 at
263-264, where Lord Birkenhead LC emphasised that any attempt to introduce a
new point on appeal ought to be subjected to strict scrutiny and rarely
allowed. Lord Birkenhead LC's central concern, which we share, pivoted around
the fulcrum of the respective functions of the trial and appellate courts. An
indulgent approach in allowing new points to be brought up on appeal would
certainly undermine the efficiency and authority of an appellate court which
would be deprived of the benefit of the views of the trial court (see further
_Susilawati v American Express Bank Ltd_ [2009] 2 SLR(R) 737 (“ _Susilawati_
”)at [48] and [49]).

49 Unlike the new point raised in _Panwah Steel_ which involved a “pure
question of construction” which was an argument “primarily of law” (see [17]
of _Panwah Steel_), the clause 7 point sought to be introduced is closely
linked with the question of the Understanding, whether it existed and the
precise terms thereof. What the Appellant is seeking to do is to point to
clause 7 to support his contention that the Understanding did in fact exist.
It seems to us that any suggestion that the MA of Thio Holdings (in particular
Clause 7) supported a finding that the Understanding existed should therefore
have been canvassed at the trial below, so that the Respondents would be able
to explain why the clause does not support the alleged Understanding. In
short, the clause 7 issue is not one involving a pure construction of a
document or a pure point of law; evidence from the parties would be relevant
and necessary to assist the court to better appreciate the purport of clause
7, and its inter-relation with the alleged Understanding, bearing in mind that
the alleged Understanding was not in writing and the exact terms of that
understanding are far from precise or clear. In the words expressed in _The
“Tasmania”_ ,this court does not have **“** before it all the facts bearing
upon the new contention, as completely as would have been the case if the
controversy had arisen at the trial”. In the circumstances, it is our view
that it is not appropriate for us to consider the clause 7 point.

50 We turn now to the Natural Justice point (for which the Appellant conceded
that he will have to seek leave to raise at this appeal[note: 33]), which
consists of both a question of law and a question of fact. The question of law
is whether the principles of natural justice apply to the present case,
bearing in mind that the requirements of natural justice would depend on the
factual circumstances of the case. If the question of law is answered in the
affirmative (_ie_ , in favour of the Appellant), then the next question (of
fact) is whether the Respondents’ behaviour or actions in this particular case
(especially in relation to the various AGMs and Board meetings which were
conducted with a view to removing the Appellant from his various positions)
had the effect of breaching any of the relevant principles of natural justice.
Once again, this is a point which, in our view, should have been raised at the
trial below. That said, we think that the essential facts relating to the
events leading to the dismissal of the Appellant from the offices were already
adequately presented before the court and there was hardly any real dispute
between the parties on those facts. Ultimately, it is a question of what the
law should imply based on those facts. This can be addressed by way of
submission. Thus, we do not think that allowing this point to be canvassed at
this appeal stage would cause any real prejudice to the Respondents. This is
unlike the situation in _Susilawati_ where there was an attempt by the
appellant to fashion an entirely new cause of action on appeal.

51 Next, turning to the Equitable Right point, in his written submissions to
this court, the Appellant contended that “[w]here the majority of directors
intend to remove a minority director from the board, they have an equitable
duty to notify the minority director, even if the minority director is
overseas: they cannot act surreptitiously.”[note: 34] Putting it in another
way, the Appellant is arguing that over and above his rights under the
Malaysia Dairy AA, he has, _inter alia_ , an equitable right to be adequately
notified of any board meeting or board resolution proposing to remove him as a
director of Malaysia Dairy. Here, when the Board of Malaysia Dairy chose a
day, on which it knew the Appellant was out of the country, to hold its
meeting, the Board and its members had acted in breach of their fiduciary
duties and in disregard of his equitable right.[note: 35]

52 As we view it, this point essentially raises questions of law. The first
question is whether the Appellant has an equitable right to be adequately
notified of any Board meeting or Board resolution proposing to remove him from
his positions in Malaysia Dairy. The second question is whether, on the facts,
even as presented by the Respondents, the Appellant’s right had been infringed
by the Respondents. In the circumstances, we think it is in order to allow the
issue to be raised at this appeal stage. We would also add that there might be
a certain degree of overlap between the second new issue (_ie_ , Natural
Justice point) and the third new issue (_ie_ , Equitable Right point). Indeed,
both will involve arguments based substantially on considerations of fairness.

The issues on appeal

Issue 1: Whether there were procedural breaches of the AA of Malaysia Dairy
and Modern Dairy

53 We have at [29] above set out the relevant clause of the Malaysia Dairy AA.
The Judge held that (see [40] above), even if there was in the strict sense a
non-compliance with Art 88 of the Malaysia Dairy AA, no substantial injustice
was caused to the Appellant, relying in this regard on section 392(2). As
section 392 is central to this appeal, we shall set it out in full (of which
only subsections (1) to (4) are of direct relevance):

**Irregularities**

**392**. —(1) In this section, unless the contrary intention appears, a
reference to a procedural irregularity includes a reference to —

(a) the absence of a quorum at a meeting of a corporation, at a meeting of
directors or creditors of a corporation or at a joint meeting of creditors and
members of a corporation; and

(b) a defect, irregularity or deficiency of notice or time.

(2) A proceeding under this Act is not invalidated by reason of any procedural
irregularity unless the Court is of the opinion that the irregularity has
caused or may cause substantial injustice that cannot be remedied by any order
of the Court and by order declares the proceeding to be invalid.

(3) A meeting held for the purposes of this Act, or a meeting notice of which
is required to be given in accordance with the provisions of this Act, or any
proceeding at such a meeting, is not invalidated by reason only of the
accidental omission to give notice of the meeting or the non-receipt by any
person of notice of the meeting, unless the Court, on the application of the
person concerned, a person entitled to attend the meeting or the Registrar,
declares proceedings at the meeting to be void.

(4) Subject to the following provisions of this section and without limiting
the generality of any other provision of this Act, the Court may, on
application by any interested person, make all or any of the following orders,
either unconditionally or subject to such conditions as the Court imposes:

(a) an order declaring that any act, matter or thing purporting to have been
done, or any proceeding purporting to have been instituted or taken, under
this Act or in relation to a corporation is not invalid by reason of any
contravention of, or failure to comply with, a provision of this Act or a
provision of any of the constituent documents of a corporation;

(b) an order directing the rectification of any register kept by the Registrar
under this Act;

(c) an order relieving a person in whole or in part from any civil liability
in respect of a contravention or failure of a kind referred to in paragraph
(_a_);

(d) an order extending the period for doing any act, matter or thing or
instituting or taking any proceeding under this Act or in relation to a
corporation (including an order extending a period where the period concerned
expired before the application for the order was made) or abridging the period
for doing such an act, matter or thing or instituting or taking such a
proceeding,

and may make such consequential or ancillary orders as the Court thinks fit.

(5) An order may be made under subsection (4) (_a_) or (_b_) notwithstanding
that the contravention or failure referred to in the paragraph concerned
resulted in the commission of an offence.

(6) The Court shall not make an order under this section unless it is
satisfied —

(a) in the case of an order referred to in subsection (4) (_a_) —

(i) that the act, matter or thing, or the proceeding, referred to in that
paragraph is essentially of a procedural nature;

(ii) that the person or persons concerned in or party to the contravention or
failure acted honestly; or

(iii) that it is in the public interest that the order be made;

(b) in the case of an order referred to in subsection (4) (_c_), that the
person subject to the civil liability concerned acted honestly; and

(c) in every case, that no substantial injustice has been or is likely to be
caused to any person.

On the basis of s 392(2), it is clear that where there is a “procedural
irregularity”, in the proceeding of a company, the proceeding in question will
_not_ be invalidated unless substantial injustice (that cannot be remedied by
any order of the Court) has been caused. Before we venture forward into a
discussion of the relevant case authorities as regards s 392, we should make a
few observations at the outset. First, the section was not pleaded by both the
Appellant and the Respondents. Secondly, the section was expressly raised and
discussed by the Respondents in their opening and closing statements. It would
appear that the Appellant, however, did not expressly discuss the (non)
applicability of s 392, save for their averment in his opening statement that
“[t]he removal of the [Appellant] from his offices in Malaysia Dairy and
Modern Dairy constitutes a substantive breach of the articles of those
companies and cannot be regarded as a mere irregularity”.[note: 36] In this
regard, we are somewhat surprised that the Appellant did not, at the trial
below, raise the further argument that, even if the breach was a mere
irregularity, s 392(2) would still not apply because he had been substantially
prejudiced by it. In any case, this is clearly, in the context of the present
case, a pure point of law.

54 Case law from Australia (eg, _Re Waldcourt Investment Company Pty Ltd_
[1988] WAR 1 and _Australian Hydrocarbons NL v Green_ (1985) 10 ACLR 72) would
suggest that the onus of satisfying the court that a procedural irregularity
has caused or is likely to cause substantial and irremediable injustice rests
upon the person challenging the validity of the proceeding (see further _Ford:
Principles of Corporations Law_ (Butterworths, 2000) at para 7.581) . But the
threshold burden of showing that the irregularity in question is of a
procedural nature rests on the party seeking to uphold the proceeding. Unless
this threshold requirement is met, s 392(2) can have no application.

55 It is trite law that a meeting of the board of directors and an annual
general meeting both fall within the meaning of the term “proceeding” in s
392(2) (see _Golden Harvest Films Distribution (Pte) Ltd v Golden Village
Multiplex Pte Ltd_ [2007] 1 SLR 940(“ _Golden Harvest_ ”) ) and _Welch v
Britannia Industries Pte Ltd_ [1993] 1 SLR 673). More specifically, it should
also be noted that section 1322(2) of the Australian Corporations Act (“the
Australian Act”) (from which our s 392(2) was adapted from) was held to be
applicable to proceedings relating to the removal of a director (see Supreme
Court of Queensland decision of _Re Pembury Pty Ltd_ [1991] 4 ACSR 759 (“ _Re
Pembury_ ”)).

56 The next question to consider is whether s 392 could apply if the
irregularity was not brought about by inadvertence but by _deliberate choice_.
The authorities on this point are not consistent. The Respondents relied on
_Re Pembury_ as support for the proposition that section 1322(2) of the
Australian Act (the equivalent of our s 392(2)) is _not_ restricted to
instances where the non-compliance is inadvertent or accidental. In this
regard, the Respondents pointed out, relying on the judgment of Byrne J in _Re
Pembury_ at 761, that “[u]nlike section 1322 (3) (which is the equivalent of
our s 392(3)) which uses the word “accidental”, section1322(2) (the equivalent
of our s 392(2)) is not expressly limited to accidental non-compliance. In the
circumstances, the legislative intent is for section 1322(2) to be extended to
deliberate non-compliance as well.”[note: 37]_Re Pembury_ was followed in
subsequent cases, eg _Greig & Anor as Liquidators of Australian Building
Industries Pty Ltd (in liquidation) v Australian Building Industries Pty Ltd_
[2002] QSC 138.

57 In contrast, in _Re P W Saddington & Sons Pty Ltd_ (1990) 2 ASCR 158 (“
_Saddington_ ”), Young J held that a deliberate choice to convene an invalid
meeting was not a “procedural irregularity” within the meaning of the New
South Wales equivalent of our s 392(2) . The views of Young J in _Saddington_
were later endorsed by Olsson J in _Electro Research International Pty Ltd and
Ors v Stec and Anor_ (1996) 20 ACSR 320 at 351. Interestingly, in the later
case of _National Australia Bank Ltd v Market Holdings Pty Ltd_ [2000] NSWSC
1009 (“ _National Australia Bank_ ”), Young J noted at [24] that there had
“not been wholesale acceptance of that decision (_ie, Saddington_ ”)” and did
not expressly reaffirm _Saddington_. However, for the purposes of deciding
_National Australia Bank_ , Young J did not have to decide the issue or to
comment further on _Saddington_.

58 Turning to the local decisions, we note that _Re Pembury_ was followed in
_Golden Village Multiplex Pte Ltd v Golden Harvest Films Distribution (Pte)
Ltd_ [2006] 3 SLR(R) 599 (“ _Golden Village Multiplex_ ”) where the High Court
observed (in _obiter_) as follows at [44]:

Although the first defendant described the irregularity as a “blatant
contravention” of Art 118 of the Articles of Association, it did not contend
that s 392 was inapplicable. In any case, in my view, to invoke s 392(2) it is
not necessary that the irregularity arose from inadvertence: see _Re Pembury
Pty Ltd_ (1991) 9 ACLC 937 in which the court considered the Australian
equivalent of our s 392.

The decision of _Golden Village Multiplex_ was upheld by this court on appeal
although this court did not expressly in its grounds of decision in _Golden
Harvest_ address the point whether in order to invoke s 392(2), the
irregularity must be due to inadvertence. It seems to us that, apart from the
reason given by Byrne J in _Re Pembury_ arising from a comparison of the
literal wording between s 392(2) and s 392(3), to hold s 392(2) to be
inapplicable whenever the non-compliance is not due to inadvertence would
deprive the provision of much of its efficacy. It must be borne in mind that
the nature and object of the requirement, which is the subject of the
irregularity, would naturally vary from case to case. Some requirements which
are not complied with may be so trivial that the parties have deliberately
decided to overlook it and if in such a case the court is compelled to hold
the proceeding to be invalid because the non-compliance was not due to
inadvertence, that would seriously undermine the utility of the statutory
provision. Ultimately it is the significance and the materiality of the non-
compliance which should be decisive. This is where the proviso of “substantial
injustice” in the provision will come into play. In our view, that is where
the focus should be, and not whether the non-compliance was accidental or
otherwise. _Only if it is shown that the non-compliance has caused substantial
injustice or prejudice to an interested party, should the proceeding be held
to be invalid by the court_.

The Appellant’s Case

59 The Appellant contended that the irregularities in the present case
constituted _substantive_ breaches, as opposed to _procedural_ breaches.[note:
38] He argued that the Judge had failed to analyse whether the non-compliance
was of a procedural or substantive nature; instead she assumed that the breach
was procedural and proceeded on that basis. We note that the argument that the
non-compliance was a substantive one was in fact raised and ventilated by the
Appellant in his opening statement at the trial below. According to the
Appellant, if the irregularity is not merely procedural but substantive, the
proceeding is invalid unless the Court is persuaded to make an order under
section 392(4) to validate it (see for example _Re Goodwealth Trading Pte Ltd_
[1990] SLR 1239 at 1245). In this connection, the Appellant pointed out that
the Respondents had _not_ made any such application pursuant to section
392(4).

60 The primary irregularity in connection with the Malaysia Dairy Board
meeting was the failure to make a request to the Appellant to vacate office
pursuant to Article 88(c) which, to repeat, is as follows:

The office of director shall, _ipso facto_ , be vacated:-

…

(c) If he shall be _requested to vacate office_ by all the other Directors,
they pass a resolution that he has been so requested and by reason thereof has
vacated his office.

[Emphasis added]

It is not disputed that there are two requirements to be fulfilled before a
director can be deemed to have vacated office pursuant to Article 88(c).
First, there must be a request for him to vacate office and this request must
come from the other directors. Second, there must be a resolution passed
stating that the director in question has been so requested and that he is
thereby deemed to have vacated office. It is also not disputed that the first
step was not complied with in the present case. The question that must be
asked is whether this omission or irregularity was procedural or substantive
in nature?

61 Turning to Modern Dairy and the resolution passed at its AGM on 21 November
2007, the Appellant advanced the same argument as above to the effect that the
irregularity concerned was a substantive one. The relevant resolution
purportedly passed at the deemed AGM of Modem Dairy on 21 November 2007 was in
the following terms:

(a) Mr Thio Keng Poon be requested to vacate, and by reason thereof is deemed
to have vacated, the office as a Director, Managing Director and Chairman of
the Company with immediate effect.

The resolution appears to have resolved that a request for the Appellant to
resign would be addressed to him and that by reason of such a request, he
would be deemed to have vacated his office. The irregularity which the
Appellant has pointed out, and which he is taking issue on, relates to the
fact that there was in fact no written request made by his co-directors to him
asking him to resign and that this omission therefore resulted in the
resolution becoming wholly invalid..

The Respondents’ Case

62 The Respondents strenuously contended that concepts such as good faith and
natural justice or due process should _not_ be implied into Article 88(c). In
this connection, the Respondent vigorously made the following propositions.
First, the Respondent argued that there is nothing express in the language of
Article 88(c) which requires the incorporation of the concepts of natural
justice or due process in the construction of that article. In any event, the
Appellant did not plead that natural justice and or due process are to be
implied. Second, Article 88(c) states that the office of director is “ _ipso
facto_ ” vacated when the request is made and the resolution is passed. Speed
is therefore of the essence, and it militates against the implication of
natural justice or due process, which would entail delay. Third, Article 88(c)
confers on the requesting directors a wholly unrestricted power. Their power
to remove the requested director is not confined to cases of misconduct.
Finally, the Appellant did not even have a right to be given notice (let alone
reasonable notice) of the resolution to remove him. In this regard, Article
112 of the Malaysia Dairy AA specifically provides that “It shall not be
necessary to give notice of a meeting of the Board to any Director for the
time being absent from Singapore and West Malaysia”, and it is undisputed that
the Appellant was away from Singapore and West Malaysia at the material time.

63 Much reliance was placed by the Respondent on the case of _Gaiman v
National Association for Mental Health_ [1971] 1 Ch 317 (“ _Gaiman_ ”) which
discussed an article similar to Article 88(c). There the article in question
(“Article 7B”) provided that a member shall forthwith cease to be such if
requested by resolution of the council to resign, but that the member could
appeal against that resolution to the association in general meeting. Indeed,
Article 7B provided that:

“A member of the association shall forthwith cease to be a member: \- … (B) If
he is requested by resolution of the council to resign, but so that a member
so requested to resign may within seven days after notice of the resolution
shall have been given to him by notice in writing to the secretary of the
association appeal against such resolution to the association in general
meeting…”

64 In _Gaiman_ , a meeting of the council resolved that 302 members known or
suspected to be scientologists be requested to resign. Notice of the
resolution was served on all the members concerned on the same day as the
meeting. Indeed, there were no indications that any procedural breaches (in so
far as the express requirements of Article 7B were concerned) had occurred:
there was in fact a resolution requesting the members to resign. Thus Article
7B was observed. What the plaintiff in _Gaiman_ complained of was that, _inter
alia_ , the members affected were not accorded a hearing, and therefore,
principles of natural justice were not complied with. In this regard, Megarry
J rejected that proposition, holding at p 336 that the Court would not imply a
term that natural justice or due process was to be observed “in the teeth of
sufficient indications that the principles of natural justice are not to
apply”.

Procedural or substantive

65 For the purposes of this appeal, the critical question, in relation to s
392(2), is whether the irregularity, _ie_ , the failure to give a notice to
the Appellant asking him to resign, is procedural or substantive in nature.
Unless we rule that the irregularity is a procedural one, then s 392(2) can
have no application and this would mean that the purported removal of the
Appellant from the various positions he held in Malaysia Dairy will be of no
effect.

66 We would be stating the obvious if we say that the question of whether a
particular irregularity is procedural or substantive can often be a strikingly
difficult issue to determine: see _Cordiant Communications (Australia) Pty Ltd
v The Communications Group Holdings Ltd_ [2005] NSWSC 1005 (“ _Cordiant_ ”).
Palmer J in _Cordiant_ enunciated the following principles in addressing that
question (at [102] to [104]):

What, then, is the substantive irregularity as distinct from a procedural
irregularity? In my view, the cases concerning the distinction between a
substantive law or rule and a procedural law or rule provide some guidance. In
_John Pfeiffer Pty Ltd v Rogerson_ (2000) 203 CLR 503, Gleeson CJ, Gaudron,
McHugh, Gummow and Hayne JJ said (at 543-544):

matters that affect the existence, extent or enforceability of the rights or
duties of the parties to an action are maters that, on their face, appear to
be concerned with issues of substance, not with issues of procedure. Or to
adopt the formulation put forward by Mason CJ in McKain “rules which are
directed to governing or regulating the mode or conduct of court proceedings”
are procedural and all other provisions or rules are to be classified as
substantive.

In the light of this observation and of the decisions in _Industrial Equity,
ANZ Nominees, Scullion_ and _Link Agricultural_ , I think that the following
general proposition may be formulated for the purposes of the application of
the Corporations Act, s 1322:

\- what is a “procedural irregularity” will be ascertained by first
determining what is “the thing to be done” which the procedure is to regulate;

\- if there is an irregularity which changes the substance of “the thing to be
done”, the irregularity will be substantive;

\- if the irregularity merely departs from the prescribed manner in which the
thing is to be done without changing the substance of the thing, the
irregularity is procedural.

The application of such a proposition in any particular case will depend upon
the starting point, _ie_ , defining “the thing to be done”. Different answers
to the question will be found depending on how broadly or narrowly one defines
“the thing to be done”.

67 In _Wagner v International Health Promotions_ 15 ACSR 419, as in the
present case, two requirements had to be fulfilled before an administrator to
the company could validly be appointed: first, the directors had to resolve
that the company was or was likely to become unable to pay its debts;
secondly, the directors had to resolve upon the appointment of a particular
individual as administrator. Although the insolvency of the company was
discussed at the board meeting that was held, there was no formal resolution
on that aspect. The directors simply voted upon the appointment of an
administrator. This was held to be a substantive as opposed to a procedural
irregularity which could not be cured by the Australian equivalent of section
392(2).

68 Such an irregularity may be contrasted to that in _Re Caysand No 64 Pty
Ltd_ (1993) 11 ACLR 1197, relied upon by the Respondents, where the court
considered that a failure to comply with a statutory time limit was a
procedural irregularity.

69 It appears to us that to determine whether a non-compliance is of a
procedural or substantive nature, one must assiduously examine the aim or
object of the requirement which was not complied with. The failure to serve
upon the Appellant a notice to resign, as required by Article 88(c), is
certainly not of the same genre as those irregularities listed in s 392(1). As
we see it, the requirement of such a notice would serve two complementary
purposes. First, it gives notice to the director in question that his services
on the Board are no longer appreciated by his co-directors. He will then have
to consider his available options. He may well decide to leave voluntarily and
resign, thus preserving his dignity. Second, and in the alternative, he may
wish to bring it up and appeal to his co-directors and convince them that his
remaining on the Board would be in the best interests of the company. The
failure to serve the Appellant with such a notice would deny him these
choices. This, to our minds, can hardly be considered to be a matter of
procedure. It is also apparent to us that the giving of choices to the
director in question, must have been the obvious intention behind the
provision; otherwise the provision could have simply provided that a director
shall cease to be a director upon a resolution being passed by the Board or
upon the request to resign being made to him by his co-directors and nothing
else (see the Hong Kong decision of _Samuel Tak Lee v Chou Wen Hsien_ [1984] 1
WLR 1202 (“ _Samuel Lee_ ”)at [71]). Here, we are reminded of the Malaysian
Court of Appeal decision in _Aik Ming (M) Sdn Bhd & Ors v Chang Ching Chuen &
Ors_ [1995] 2 MLJ 770, where Justice Gopal Sri Ram pertinently asked (at 804),
in relation to a _pari materia_ Malaysian provision, “How can it ever be said
that a Director’s removal at a meeting of which notice to him is withheld is a
mere irregularity?”

70 The factual matrix of the present case is quite different from that of
_Gaiman_. In _Gaiman_ , notice was in fact given to the members concerned
requesting them to resign. Moreover, the rules there provided for an appeal
process to the affected members. In the case at hand, it is not disputed that
the procedural requirement of Article 88(c) itself (as regards the requirement
for the Appellant to be formally requested to step down) was breached.

71 At this juncture, we will refer to the case of _Samuel Lee_ , a decision
from Hong Kong which went all the way to the Privy Council and on which the
Respondents relied. There, the relevant provision (Article 73(d)) read “The
office of [a director] shall be vacated: …. (d) if he is requested in writing
by all his co-directors to resign.” The plaintiff, a shareholder and director
of the company in question, was embroiled in some dispute with his co-
directors over the accounts. He asked for a Board meeting whereupon his co-
directors gave him notice, pursuant to Article 73(d), requesting his immediate
resignation. The plaintiff instituted proceedings and pleaded bad faith on the
part of the directors and sought, _inter alia_ , for a declaration that the
notice requesting his resignation was invalid. Essentially, the Privy Council
held that, in the interest of business efficacy (at 1207), “it is necessary to
construe the articles strictly in accordance with its terms without any
qualification”.

72 Quite clearly, _Samuel Lee_ can be distinguished from the present case in
two respects. First, the terms of Article 73(d) are different from those of
Article 88(c) of our case here. Under Article 73(d), upon service of the
notice to resign, the director in question would _automatically_ lose his
directorship. No further actions were required to be taken by the board of
directors. But under Article 88(c) of our case, the Board of Directors must
pass a resolution to _confirm_ the decision requiring the Appellant to leave
the Board. Second, unlike the position in _Samuel Lee_ , the Appellant’s co-
directors did not serve on him the notice to resign as required under Article
88(c). The Privy Council in _Samuel Lee_ remarked that such a provision should
be construed according to its terms. Taking that approach and as the
Respondents have not complied with the terms of Article 88(c) by serving on
the Appellant a notice to resign, the subsequent resolution by the Board of
Directors to deem him as having vacated his positions could not have any
effect because the pre-condition has not been satisfied.

73 Accordingly, we are of the opinion that the non-compliance in question was
_not_ of a procedural nature and, therefore, s 392(2) cannot apply to validate
the resolution of the Board of Malaysia Dairy taken on 20 November 2007 to
remove the Appellant from the offices he held in the company.

Substantial injustice

74 We now turn to consider the alternative argument of the Appellant that the
resolution of the Board of Malaysia Dairy was invalid because the irregularity
(_ie_ , non-compliance with the issue of a notice to the Appellant to resign)
had caused substantial injustice or prejudice to him. In view of our decision
that the irregularity was not of a procedural nature, s 392(2) cannot apply
and there is therefore no real necessity for us to consider this alternative
argument. However, for very much the same reasons which we have alluded to
above (at [69]), we think it must also follow that the non-compliance has
caused substantial injustice to the Appellant.

75 The meaning of substantial injustice has been discussed by the courts in
various jurisdictions on numerous occasions, and in this regard, the following
principles can be distilled. First, it is axiomatic that there must be a
direct link between the procedural irregularity in question and the injustice
suffered (see _Golden Harvest_ at 955-956, _Mamouney v Soliman and Others_
(1992) 9 ASCR 63 at 71 (“ _Mamouney_ ”)). Secondly, the injustice must be of a
“substantial” nature. In essence, what this means is that the injustice must
be real, rather than theoretical or fanciful (see _Bell Resources Ltd v
Turnbridge Pty Ltd & Others (No 2)_ (1988) 13 ACLR 762 at 766). There must,
therefore, be some basis or indication on the face of the evidence before the
court that the aggrieved party had suffered injustice or would suffer
injustice as a result of the procedural irregularity occurring. Thirdly, the
aggrieved party must show that there _may_ or could have been a different
result, if not for the occurrence of the procedural irregularity (see
_Mamouney_ at 71 where Hodgson J made a general reference to the cases of _Re
Pembury_ and _Poliwka v Heven Holdings Pty Ltd_ (1992) 7 ACSR 85). This is a
fundamentally important point. In this regard, the aggrieved party does _not_
need to show that there would certainly have been a different result if not
for the irregularity. All he has to show is that there _may_ or _could_ have
been a different result. This possibility, however, should not be a
theoretical or fanciful one. One must bear in mind the importance of operating
in the realm of reality. Here, we observe that the evidence before us raised a
distinct possibility that the Appellant may not have been removed as a
director had he been able to present his case to all the directors of Malaysia
Dairy (see below at [77]), but we will not venture further than this. As we
have emphasised below at [77], it is certainly not for this court to speculate
on what the actual outcome of the Board meeting of Malaysia Diary would have
been had the proper process been followed. This, in essence, was the
substantial injustice or prejudice that the Appellant has suffered as a direct
result of the procedural irregularity occurring.

76 In a sense, it is apposite to note that the substantial injustice proviso
in s 392(2) reflects the common law position. In this regard, it may be useful
to refer to the following observations made by Lord Wilberforce in _Malloch v
Aberdeen Corp_ [1971] 1 WLR 1578 (“ _Malloch_ ”), at 1595:

A breach of procedure, whether called a failure of natural justice, or an
essential administrative fault, cannot give him a remedy in the courts, unless
behind it there is something of substance which has been lost by the failure.
The court does not act in vain.

In the same vein, Lord Wilberforce also remarked as follows:

The appellant has first to show that his position was such that he had, in
principle, a right to make representations before a decision against him was
taken. But to show this is not necessarily enough, unless he can also show
that if admitted to state his case he had a case of substance to make. A
breach of procedure whether called a failure of natural justice, or an
essential administrative fault, cannot give him a remedy in the courts, unless
behind it there is something of substance which has been lost by the failure.

While the principles enunciated aforesaid by Lord Wilberforce are not in
doubt, the decision in _Malloch_ , where the court refused relief, rested on
special facts. There, a teacher was dismissed without being heard. There, new
regulations made by the Secretary of State, which had the force of law,
required all certified teachers to be registered. The regulations also
required all education authorities to dismiss from employment all certified
teachers who did not register. The plaintiff was one of a number of certified
teachers who objected to applying for registration. The education authority
had no choice but to dismiss him. In any event, even if the authority had
formally complied with the rules of natural justice, the result would still
have been the same as the education authority would have had no option in the
matter. Thus, the views of Lord Wilberforce quoted above should be viewed in
that light. The court was not saying that it was not necessary to accord the
plaintiff a right to be heard but that on account of the new regulations it
would not have served any purpose whatsoever. That was why Lord Wilberforce
observed that “the court does not act in vain”.

77 In the present case, by not giving the notice to resign to the Appellant,
the latter was denied his opportunity to exercise his choice, and if he should
decide to stay and present his case before the full Board (and here we would
add that his subsequent conduct, particularly the institution of Suit 734 and
Suit 10 clearly demonstrated such intention), he had indeed been seriously
prejudiced. The Judge said at [82] that “there was nothing to stop the
[Respondents] from removing the [Appellant] from his positions in [Malaysia
Dairy] and Modern Dairy by complying with the requisite procedural
requirements even if he was reinstated”. But we would hasten to caution that
it is not for this court, or any court, to speculate whether, if he had made
his case to the full Board, he would or would not be allowed to retain the
offices which he had been stripped off. This would not necessarily be a
foregone conclusion, unlike the position in _Malloch_ (see [76] above). All we
need observe is that there is evidence to suggest that not all his daughters
(who are also directors) were hostile towards him. Furthermore, the fact that
Malaysia Dairy and Modern Dairy are family owned and operated companies was
not lost on us. The fact that Png and Wee had to wait until the Appellant was
away from Singapore for a medical reason before they made their move to strip
him of his offices summarily speaks volumes. In the premises, it is our view
that the non-compliance with Article 88(c) in this case has caused him
substantial injustice or prejudice.

78 Turning to Modern Dairy and the resolution passed at the AGM on 21 November
2007 (see above at [31]), the Appellant accepted that Article 82(g) of Modern
Dairy was _not_ part of the Modern Dairy AA at the time.[note: 39] However, he
contended that the resolution itself (see above at [31]) was defective in
nature because there was in fact _no_ request made to the Appellant to step
down as a director.[note: 40] The exact wording of Resolution 6 stated
unambiguously that the Appellant had been “requested to vacate, and by reason
thereof is deemed to have vacated, the office as a Director, Managing Director
and Chairman of the Company with immediate effect.”[note: 41] On the facts and
evidence, it is indubitable that no such request was issued to the Appellant.
The entire premise upon which the resolution was based was therefore patently
wrong. Accordingly, we agree with the Appellant that the purported removal of
him from the offices he held in Modern Dairy is of no effect.

79 Furthermore (and this is a point, which although not specifically raised by
the Appellant, is entirely in line with his complaint of not being treated
fairly or in accordance with the rules of natural justice), we are of the view
that the Appellant should have been informed that it was proposed at the AGM
of 21 November 2007 to remove him as a director before the expiry of his term.
This is wholly consistent with fundamental principles of justice and fairness.
He had legitimate expectations to serve out his term. If it was proposed to
remove him before his term expired, he should have been informed of the
proposal so that he would have the option of voluntarily resigning rather than
suffering the odium or indignity of being removed. Here, surreptitiously, and
with no notice given to the Appellant, he was summarily removed as Director,
Managing Director and Chairman of Modern Dairy by a resolution adopted at the
AGM on 21 November 2007 (where Pyn was the appointed representative of
Malaysia Dairy at Modern Dairy’s AGM)[note: 42]. We recognise that as the
Appellant is not a shareholder of Modern Dairy, he would have no _locus
standi_ (not being a member) to argue that he should have been served 14 days
notice pursuant to Article 55 of Modern Dairy. But this should certainly not
in any way dilute the Appellant’s _equitable_ right to be given timely notice
of a proposal to remove him as a director (see _Chan Choon Ming v Low Poh
Choon_ (1994) CSLR VI [254] followed by GP Selvam J in _Polybuilding (S) Pte
Ltd v Lim Heng Lee & Ors_ [2001] 3 SLR 184 at [11]) so that he would be in a
position to decide his options. In light of this, we therefore find the
submission by the Respondents, that notice of an intended resolution to remove
the Appellant as a director need not be given to him, astonishing.

Issue 2: Whether the Appellant ought to have succeeded in his claim for
minority oppression pursuant to s 216 of the Companies Act

80 Section 216 of the Companies Act reads as follows:

Personal remedies in cases of oppression or injustice

216\. —(1) Any member or holder of a debenture of a company or, in the case of
a declared company under Part IX, the Minister may apply to the Court for an
order under this section on the ground —

(_a_) that the affairs of the company are being conducted or the powers of the
directors are being exercised in a manner _oppressive_ to one or more of the
members or holders of debentures including himself or in _disregard of_ his or
their _interests_ as members, shareholders or holders of debentures of the
company; or

(_b_) that some act of the company has been done or is threatened or that some
resolution of the members, holders of debentures or any class of them has been
passed or is proposed which _unfairly discriminates_ against or is _otherwise
prejudicial_ to one or more of the members or holders of debentures (including
himself).

[emphasis added]

81 A central plank in the Appellant’s argument here is that the Understanding
existed and operated to regulate the business affairs of the Thio Group (the
Appellant has since abandoned his contention that the Assurance existed). The
Appellant’s complaint is that the rest of the Thio family (his sons, daughters
and wife) wilfully disregarded the Understanding by attempting to remove him
from the various executive positions which he held in the Thio Group.[note:
43] The Appellant alleged that the majority of directors in Malaysia Dairy had
abused their voting powers by voting without good faith and for ulterior
reasons and not for the good of the company. In this regard, the Appellant
argued that the wrong which he suffered ought to be remedied under s 216 of
the Companies Act.

82 The Appellant conceded that he never “[spoke] or [discussed] the
Understanding with his children”.[note: 44] He, however, insisted that an
express agreement is _not_ required to give effect to the Understanding.[note:
45] Furthermore, the Appellant pointed to a lengthy list of the various
“practices and conventions” and the manner he conducted the affairs of the
Thio group in support of his contention that the Understanding in fact
existed. After a careful examination of the evidence the Judge held that the
Appellant had failed to prove, on a balance of probabilities, that there was
such an Understanding. There is hardly any basis for us to disagree with such
a finding of fact by the Judge.

83 That, however, is not the end of the matter. The Appellant argued that, as
a member, he has legitimate expectations which are enforceable.[note: 46] Such
legitimate expectations may emanate from outside the Corporate Constitution
comprising of the MA and the AA. The Appellant cited the House of Lords
decision of _Ebruhimi v Westbourne Galleries Limited_ [1973] AC 360 (“
_Ebruhimi_ ”) in support of his proposition.

84 The Appellant was quick to point out that the Thio Group was akin to a
family company set up by a patriarch and resembled that of a partnership built
on mutual trust and confidence. In such an instance, the Appellant submitted
that the court will look beyond the MA and the AA when determining the rights
that the members of the companies are entitled to. In support, he cited this
court’s decision in _Chow Kwok Chuen v Chow Kwok Chi & Ors_ [2008] 4 SLR 362
(“ _Chow Kwok Chuen_ ”).

85 We have absolutely no quarrel with the principle which the Appellant
quoted[note: 47] from _Chow Kwok Chuen_ at [31]:

… [A] person who joins a company should accept and work within the framework
set out in its memorandum and articles of association. The reason an
incorporated partnership is treated somewhat differently is because of the
express or implicit understanding among the partners before incorporation as
to how the new company is to be run or managed and equity will not allow a
person who is a party to that understanding to renege on that understanding.
Compare that situation with that of a company formed by a patriarch for the
family: it would be clearly the expectation of the patriarch that the children
would co-operate, work the company and make it grow for the common good of
themselves and their descendants. When a child receives shares in such a
company from the patriarch, either during the latter’s lifetime or under his
will, the child is not really entering into the company of his or her own free
will. So the rationale alluded to at [19] above does not apply to such a
scenario. Quite naturally he or she should aim to work harmoniously with his
or her siblings in managing the company and in fulfilling the hopes of the
patriarch, and in turn to prosper the company. Co-operation and mutual trust
among sibling shareholders or directors are central to such a family company
and their absence is as critical as in a quasi-partnership…

Having said that, it seems to us clear that caution must be exercised before
one applies the principles enunciated in _Chow Kwok Chuen_ and _Ebruhimi_.
Both those cases were concerned with an application to wind up a company under
the “just and equitable ground”, a subject matter which stands in stark
contrast from the present case where the Appellant is seeking not to wind up
any of the companies,[note: 48] but an order that he be reinstated as
Director, Managing Director and Chairman of Malaysia Dairy and Modern
Dairy.[note: 49]

86 We do not see any merit in the Appellant’s arguments that he had
“legitimate expectations arising from the terms of the Understanding”[note:
50]. On the evidence before the court, the Understanding was simply not proved
to have existed. If the Understanding was proved on a balance of probabilities
to have existed, then there would have been a basis for the Appellant to argue
that he had legitimate expectations arising out of it. Indeed, the main plank
in the Appellant’s case was that “[i]n breach of the Appellant’s legitimate
expectations _arising from the Understanding_ , the Respondents had conducted
the affairs of both Malaysia Dairy and Modern Dairy in a manner oppressive to
the Appellant [emphasis added]”.[note: 51] Unfortunately for the Appellant,
his failure to prove the existence of the Understanding must necessarily mean
that his s 216 claim would also fail. Indeed, the Appellant accepted under
cross-examination that if the Understanding did not exist, “the rest of [his]
family members can get together at any time and remove [him]”.[note: 52]

87 Moreover, we would reiterate that even if the Appellant had proven the
existence of the Understanding, he cannot rely on it to obtain his
reinstatement as Chairman, Managing Director and Director of Malaysia Dairy
for two reasons. First, clause 15 of the Deed of Settlement provides that it
is the entire agreement between the parties and supersedes all prior
agreements or understandings between them. Therefore, the Understanding cannot
stand in the face of clause 15. Second, as clause 13 of the Deed of Settlement
(see [8] above) provides that the companies within the group are to be
“managed and operated for profit and in accordance with best corporate
practices to return to shareholders maximum returns” the Understanding must be
applied consistently, and in harmony with clause 13. Any legitimate
expectation that the Appellant harboured pursuant to the Understanding must be
subject to clause 13. In the result, the Appellant’s claim based on oppression
must fail.

Civil Appeal No. 71 of 2009/Q

88 Having dealt with the main appeal, it only remains for us to address
briefly the Appellant’s appeal against an Order of Court made by the Judge,
disallowing the amendments proposed by the Appellant in relation to the 3rd
paragraph of the draft Judgment which related to the Counterclaim put forward
by the Respondents in Suit 10.

IT IS FURTHER ADJUDGED that in respect of [Malaysia Dairy’s] Counterclaim in
[Suit 10] there be interlocutory judgment for [Malaysia Dairy] against the
[Appellant] for an inquiry to be taken for all sums claimed by [Malaysia
Dairy] from the [Appellant] in breach of the [Appellant’s] fiduciary duties
with the costs of the inquiry to be reserved to the Registrar having conduct
of the inquiry.

The Appellant contended that the above portion of the judgment should be
amended in the following manner:

IT IS FURTHER ADJUDGED that in respect of [Malaysia Dairy’s] Counterclaim in
[Suit 10] there be interlocutory judgment for [Malaysia Dairy] against the
[Appellant] for an inquiry to be taken for **the sum of S$45,529.64 and/or all
sums** claimed by [Malaysia Dairy] from the [Appellant] **for the period of 1
January 2005 to 30 September 2007** in breach of the [Appellant’s] fiduciary
duties with the costs of the inquiry to be reserved to the Registrar having
conduct of the inquiry.

[Suggested amendments by the Appellant in bold]

89 In our view, the Appellant’s appeal against the decision of the Judge _not_
to limit the scope of the inquiry to the sum of $45,529.64 and to the period
stated in the E&Y report should be dismissed for two reasons. First, the
Appellant’s proposed amendment to include the above limitation is not
consistent with the Respondent’s counterclaim where no such restriction is
stated. Secondly, the Judge’s reasoning for not including the above limitation
was practical and reasonable. Indeed, in the event that it is discovered that
the Appellant had made double claims on occasions outside the period covered
by the E&Y report, the Respondents would need to initiate a fresh action if
the scope of the inquiry was restricted in the manner suggested by the
Appellant. This would only serve to incur further costs and cause a waste of
time, which will certainly not benefit any party. We would, in this
connection, only add one caveat. The sum which the inquiry will determine to
be due from the Appellant to Malaysia Dairy would, of course, be subject to
the law on limitation.

Conclusion

90 In the result, we would declare that the purported removal of the Appellant
from the various offices he held in Malaysia Dairy and Modern Dairy is of no
effect, and accordingly, his appeal as regards Suit 734 is allowed. However,
his appeal as regards Suit 10 for oppression is dismissed. As to the question
of costs for the action below and these appeals, we would like to hear the
parties on it and they are requested to make their submission to us within ten
days hereof.

* * *

[note: 1]Appellant’s Case (“AC”), para 3

[note: 2]Corporate structure of Thio Group reproduced in Appellant’s Core
Bundle (“ACB”), Vol IV, p. 476

[note: 3]Respondents’ Case (RC), para 14; Various Share Restructuring
exercises: AC, paras 67-71

[note: 4]ACB, Vol 4, pgs 477 to 493

[note: 5]See Clause 10(a) of the Deed of Settlement, referred to in the
previous paragraph of the BM.

[note: 6]RC, paras 21 to 23

[note: 7]RC, paras 24 to 26

[note: 8]ACB, Vol 3, pgs 341 to 368

[note: 9]AC, para 35

[note: 10]ACB, Vol 4, p. 394

[note: 11]Respondents’ Core Bundle (“RCB”), p. 94 (lines 15 to 25) & p. 95
(lines 1 to 2)

[note: 12]RCB, p. 83 (lines 8 to 24)

[note: 13]ACB, Vol 4, p. 418

[note: 14]ACB, Vol 3, pgs 205 to 206; Vol 4, p. 395

[note: 15]ACB, Vol 4, pgs 390 to 392

[note: 16]ACB, Vol 4, pgs 401 to 402

[note: 17]Judgment, para 20; RC, paras 41 to 51

[note: 18]ACB, Vol 2, Statement of Claim, para 2.2.1(a), (b) and (c)

[note: 19]ACB, Vol 3, p. 170, Appellant’s AEIC, para 5.4.6

[note: 20]ACB, Vol 2, p. 58, Statement of Claim, para 1.4.2

[note: 21]AC, para 61

[note: 22]Ac, para 168

[note: 23]AC, para 168

[note: 24]ACB, Vol 3, p. 212, Appellant’s AEIC, para 7.8.6

[note: 25]Judgment, paras 39 to 41

[note: 26]Appellant’s Supp Subs, dated 21 Oct 09, p. 2, para 9

[note: 27][53] of Judgment

[note: 28]ACB, Vol 3, p. 290

[note: 29]AC, para 174

[note: 30]AC, para 175

[note: 31]RC, para 89

[note: 32]ACB, Vol 4, p. 311

[note: 33]AC, para 103

[note: 34]AC, para 94

[note: 35]AC, para 97

[note: 36]Para 9.1.5 of Plaintiff’s Opening Statement dated 20/3/2009

[note: 37]Respondents’ Submissions In Response to the 3 Questions Posed by the
CA (RS3), dated 8 Oct 09, p. 27, para 50(c)

[note: 38]Appellant’s Supplementary Submissions (ASS), dated 8 Oct 09, p. 16,
para 16(j); p. 20, para 22

[note: 39]Appellant’s submissions dated 21 Oct 2009, para 8

[note: 40]Appellant’s submissions dated 21 Oct 2009, para 8

[note: 41]ACB, vol IV, p. 402

[note: 42]ACB, Vol 4, pgs 390 to 392

[note: 43]AC, para 144(i)

[note: 44]AC, para 149

[note: 45]AC, para 146

[note: 46]AC, para 155

[note: 47]AC, para 157

[note: 48]ACB, Vol 2, p. 71

[note: 49]ACB, Vol 2, p. 71

[note: 50]AC, para 161

[note: 51]AC, para 180; See further AC, para 185

[note: 52]RCB, p. 5, lines 19-22

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 08 Apr 2010 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

