Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Tan Lai Kiat _v_ Public Prosecutor  
[2010] SGHC 145

Case Number| :| Criminal Revision No 2 of 2010  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 07 May 2010  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  V K Rajah JA  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Rajan s/o Sankaran Nair (Rajan Nair & Partners) for the
petitioner; Jaswant Singh, Gillian Koh-Tan and Lee Jwee Nguan (Attorney-
General's Chambers) for the respondent.  
Parties| :|  Tan Lai Kiat — Public Prosecutor  
  
7 May 2010|  
---|---  
  
V K Rajah JA:

Introduction

1 This matter involves a petition for criminal revision filed by Tan Lai Kiat
(“the Petitioner”), who is now 58 years old. On 20 April 2010, I heard his
petition and allowed it. Consequently, I varied the original sentences which
the Subordinate Courts had imposed on him in respect of two charges (referred
to hereafter as, respectively, “MAC 11701/1998” and “MAC 11702/1998”). I now
give the detailed reasons for my decision.

Factual background

2 More than a decade ago, on 18 September 1998, officers from the Gambling
Suppression Branch of the Criminal Investigation Department conducted a raid
on a property located in Tampines, where illegal gambling activities were
being conducted. The Petitioner was arrested during the raid. Subsequent
investigations revealed that the Petitioner was involved in an illegal lottery
scheme. The documents seized during the raid contained records of stakes
amounting to approximately $22,682. A second raid was conducted at about the
same time on a property at Surin Lane. A number of exhibits relating to the
Petitioner’s illegal lottery operation were seized during the second raid,
including records of stakes amounting to $2,918.80.

3 On or about 28 January 1999, the Petitioner pleaded guilty to and was
convicted of MAC 11701/1998 and MAC 11702/1998 (collectively, “the two CGHA
charges”). Both of these charges were brought under s 5(_a_) of the Common
Gaming Houses Act (Cap 49, 1985 Rev Ed) (“the CGHA”) read with s 34 of the
Penal Code (Cap 224, 1985 Rev Ed). The Petitioner also consented to two other
charges (one under s 4(1)(_a_) of the CGHA and one under s 4(1)(_b_) of the
CGHA) being taken into consideration for the purposes of sentencing.

4 Section 5(a) of the CGHA, which sets out (_inter alia_) the offence of
“assist[ing] in the carrying on of a public lottery”, provides for the
following punishment:

**Assisting in carrying on a public lottery, etc**.

**5**. Any person who —

(_a_) assists in the carrying on of a public lottery;

…

shall be guilty of an offence and shall be liable on conviction to a fine of
not less than $20,000 and not more than $200,000 and shall also be punished
with imprisonment for a term not exceeding 5 years.

5 The same sentence was imposed on the Petitioner in respect of each of the
two CGHA charges, _ie_ :

Charge |  Sentence  
---|---  
MAC 11701/1998 |  Nine months’ imprisonment and a fine of $70,000, with six months’ imprisonment in default of payment   
MAC 11702/1998 |  Nine months’ imprisonment and a fine of $70,000, with six months’ imprisonment in default of payment   
  
  

The two sentences of nine months’ imprisonment were ordered to run
concurrently. This resulted in an aggregate sentence of nine months’
imprisonment (“the 9-month imprisonment sentence”) and a cumulative fine of
$140,000 (“the $140,000 fine”), with a total of 12 months’ imprisonment in
default of payment of the fine (for convenience, I will hereafter refer to
imprisonment of this nature – _ie_ , imprisonment in default of payment of a
fine – as “default imprisonment”). Dividing the sum of $140,000 by 12 months,
which I took to be 360 days (rather than 365 days) so as to work with a round
figure, it can be seen that each day of the Petitioner’s 12-month default
imprisonment sentence was (loosely speaking) “worth” approximately $389.

6 The Petitioner commenced serving the 9-month imprisonment sentence on 22
February 1999. As a result of a remission of one third of that sentence for
good conduct, he completed serving the sentence on 22 August 1999. In other
words, the 9-month imprisonment sentence has been fully served, and it is not
an issue in this petition.

7 As the Petitioner could not afford to pay the $140,000 fine, he commenced
serving his 12-month default imprisonment sentence on 23 August 1999. At the
time he started serving this default sentence, he was informed by the
Singapore Prison Service that his due date of discharge _vis-à-vis_ this
default sentence would be 22 April 2000. This date was derived on the basis
that the Petitioner would be entitled to a remission of one third of his
12-month default imprisonment sentence for good conduct (see reg 113(1)(_a_)
of the Prisons Regulations (Cap 247, Rg 2, 1990 Rev Ed) (“the 1990 Prisons
Regulations”), which was the revised edition in force at the time the
Petitioner commenced serving his default imprisonment sentence).

8 After the Petitioner had served 124 days (_ie_ , approximately four months)
of his 12-month default imprisonment sentence from 23 August 1999 to 24
December 1999, he requested Mdm Foo Tiew Jiak (“Mdm Foo”), who currently
shares the same address in Hougang as him, to ascertain what I will term “the
Outstanding Sum” – _ie_ , the outstanding amount which the Petitioner had to
pay in respect of the $140,000 fine as at 24 December 1999 (after taking into
account the 124 days of default imprisonment already served) in order to
secure his immediate release from prison. According to the Petitioner, he had
all along been resigned to completing the balance of his 12-month default
imprisonment sentence if his family could not afford to pay the Outstanding
Sum. Mdm Foo in turn contacted the court clerk attached to Court 37 of the
Subordinate Courts (“the Court Clerk”) and ascertained by telephone the
quantum of the Outstanding Sum.

9 Later that same day, Mdm Foo and the Petitioner’s daughter, Delphine Tan
(“Delphine”), after being informed of the amount due, proceeded to the
Subordinate Courts to make payment. Mdm Foo obtained a receipt dated 24
December 1999 (“the Receipt”) from the Court Clerk and was requested to return
with the Receipt after making payment at the Subordinate Courts’ payment
counter and getting the Receipt stamped. Upon payment of the sum of $44,306
(“the $44,306 payment”) by Mdm Foo, the Receipt was duly stamped by the
Subordinate Courts. The handwritten remarks on the Receipt stated:

Total fine: $140,000

Given 246 days [_sic_] rebate of $95694 at $389 per day.

[the word “therefore” in symbol] Fine: $44306

10 The above handwritten remarks were in fact _wrong_ as the Petitioner had
served only 124 days of his 12-month default imprisonment sentence as at 24
December 1999. He should therefore have been given a rebate which was the
monetary equivalent of only 124 days of default imprisonment, _ie_ , a rebate
of $48,236 (taking 124 multiplied by $389, which (as stated at [5] above) was
the approximate “value” of each day of the Petitioner’s 12-month default
imprisonment sentence). The Outstanding Sum was thus $91,764 ($140,000 minus
$48,236), and not merely $44,306. This in turn meant that, after deducting
$44,306 from $91,764, there was in reality still a balance of $47,458 (“the
$47,458 balance”) to be paid in respect of the $140,000 fine.

11 When Mdm Foo returned to Court 37 of the Subordinate Courts with the
Receipt after getting it stamped, she saw Delphine conversing with the Court
Clerk. She cannot now remember precisely what was discussed between Delphine
and the Court Clerk. Nevertheless, both Mdm Foo and Delphine are adamant that
they were not at any point in time on 24 December 1999 informed that there was
any amount still outstanding _vis-à-vis_ the $140,000 fine. Mdm Foo left the
Subordinate Courts with Delphine that day believing that the $44,306 payment
constituted full payment of the Outstanding Sum and sufficed to fully
discharge the Petitioner’s legal obligation in respect of the $140,000 fine.

12 Later that day, an Order to Release a Prisoner (“OTR”) numbered 10142 (“OTR
No 10142”), which was prepared by the Court Clerk and signed by a district
judge (“the District Judge”), was issued. It directed the Superintendent of
Prisons to release the Petitioner. At the bottom of this OTR was an annotation
(“the OTR No 10142 annotation”), the material part of which stated:

Paid $**_44306_** vide Receipt No ** _288681_**

Dated **_24.12.99_**

Given **_246_** days [_sic_] rebate of $**_95694_** at $**_389_** per day.

[underlining in original; handwritten text in original in bold]

The handwritten figures “44306”, “246” and “95694” on this annotation were
wrong for the same reason that the handwritten remarks on the Receipt were
wrong (see [10] above). Furthermore, this annotation was signed by the Court
Clerk alone. The District Judge did not sign against it, so it is unclear
whether she was aware of it when she signed OTR No 10142.

13 Oddly, an OTR numbered 10144 (“OTR No 10144”), which likewise directed the
Petitioner’s release from prison and which bore the same date as OTR No 10142
(_ie_ , 24 December 1999), was also issued. It has not been made clear when
OTR No 10144 was issued even though it was dated 24 December 1999. As in the
case of OTR No 10142, OTR No 10144 was prepared by the Court Clerk and signed
by the District Judge.

14 OTR No 10144 contained the following handwritten note, which was signed by
the Court Clerk:

After rebate, total amt of fine: $~~91764~~ 92542

Paid: $44306

Balance of $47458 to be paid by instalment. Starting on 24th Jan 2000 – $4,000
each month until balance is paid.

[deletion mark in original]

It should be noted that the figure “91764” stated in this note should not have
been deleted as the sum of $91,764 was in fact the correct quantum of the
Outstanding Sum.

15 The material part of the OTR No 10142 annotation (see [12] above) also
appeared at the bottom of OTR No 10144, _but with the following amendments_ :

Paid $**_44306_** vide Receipt No ** _288681_**

Dated **_24.12.99_**

Given **_~~246~~_****124** days [_sic_] rebate of $**_~~95694~~_**** _48236_**
at $**_389_** per day.

[underlining in original; handwritten text and deletion marks in original in
bold]

16 The District Judge did not sign against either the annotation at the bottom
of OTR No 10144 (“the OTR No 10144 annotation”) or the handwritten note in
that OTR. It is thus similarly unclear whether the District Judge was aware of
the presence of these two items when she signed OTR No 10144.

17 At the hearing before me, the deputy public prosecutor (“the DPP”) was
unable to clarify what led to the issuance of OTR No 10144. Nevertheless, it
seems reasonable to infer that this OTR was issued in a misguided effort to
rectify the error in the Outstanding Sum as stated in OTR No 10142. It is also
likely that OTR No 10144 was issued only after the contents of OTR No 10142
had already been communicated to the Superintendent of Prisons; if not, OTR No
10142 could have been corrected without any attempt to supersede it by issuing
OTR No 10144.

18 The Petitioner was duly released from prison on 24 December 1999. It is now
common ground that he was not personally informed then that there was any
balance of the $140,000 fine still outstanding (in actual fact, as mentioned
at [10] above, the $47,458 balance was still outstanding as at 24 December
1999 after taking into account the $44,306 payment made by Mdm Foo), or that a
court order had been made directing that the balance of the $140,000 fine
(_ie_ , the $47,458 balance) be paid by way of monthly instalments (_cf_ the
contents of the letter dated 7 March 2000 from the Subordinate Courts (“the
Instalment Letter”) as reproduced at [20] below). At the hearing before me,
the Petitioner vigorously maintained that he had all along believed that the
$44,306 payment was sufficient to secure the full discharge of his legal
obligation _vis-à-vis_ the $140,000 fine. He unequivocally asserted that he
would not have asked Mdm Foo to make the $44,306 payment merely to reduce his
12-month default imprisonment sentence by less than one third (taking the sum
of $44,306 divided by $389, the $44,306 payment covered only about 113 days of
the Petitioner’s default imprisonment term).

19 The DPP accepted at the hearing of this petition that there had been a
miscalculation of the Outstanding Sum on the part of the Subordinate Courts:
while the Petitioner had served only 124 days of his 12-month default
imprisonment sentence as at 24 December 1999, both the Receipt and OTR No
10142 stated that the rebate given was the monetary equivalent of 246 days of
default imprisonment. On the basis of that erroneous calculation, the
Petitioner was deemed to have discharged the $140,000 fine in full. In
reality, the correct rebate at that point of time should have been the
monetary equivalent of only 124 days of default imprisonment, _ie_ , the sum
of $48,236 (see [10] above).

20 On 7 March 2000, the Subordinate Courts sent the Instalment Letter (as
defined at [18] above) to the Petitioner. (It should be noted that the
Petitioner confirmed in his petition that he did receive this letter (_cf_ the
uncertainty as to whether he received the letters of advice mentioned at
[25]–[26] below).) The Instalment Letter was not signed by either a district
judge or some other judicial officer of the Subordinate Courts. Instead, it
was signed by the Court Clerk, _ie_ , the same clerk who had been involved in
the earlier error concerning the rebate to be given to the Petitioner and the
quantum of the Outstanding Sum (“the Error”). The Instalment Letter asserted
that Delphine had, on 24 December 1999, made an application to pay the $47,458
balance by way of instalments of $4,000 per month, and that “ _the Court ha[d]
granted_ ” [emphasis added] this application. The material portions of the
letter read as follows:

3\. On the 24th December 1999, your daughter made an application to pay the
**balance fine** of **$47458** (_after deduction of [rebate – number of days
in prison after the impt_ [_sic_] _term]_) by installment _and the Court
granted the application_** _by paying_** [_sic_] **_$4,000 every month_**
_until the balance of [the] fine is settle_ [_sic_]_). As the Court has
granted the application_ , you were then released from prison on that day
itself.

4\. _I would be very grateful if you could pay the first month_ [_sic_]
_payment of $4,000 as soon as possible_. …

[emphasis in bold in original; emphasis added in italics]

21 As can be seen from the above quotation, the Instalment Letter omitted to
mention the number of days of rebate given. This is curious because both the
Receipt and the two OTRs prepared by the Court Clerk on 24 December 1999 (_ie_
, OTR No 10142 and OTR No 10144) mentioned this. It is also pertinent to note
that, _contrary_ to what was represented in the Instalment Letter (a point
which the DPP acknowledged at the hearing before this court), there was _no
order of court dated 24 December 1999_ stipulating that part of the $140,000
fine was still outstanding and that the outstanding amount (_viz_ , the
$47,458 balance) was to be paid in instalments. Further, it bears mention that
no attempt was made by the Subordinate Courts to expressly draw the attention
of the Superintendent of Prisons to this alleged instalment scheme prior to
the Petitioner’s release.

22 The Petitioner emphatically denied that either Mdm Foo or Delphine had made
an application for instalment payment of any balance still outstanding in
respect of the $140,000 fine as at 24 December 1999 (after taking into account
the $44,306 payment made by Mdm Foo). I pause to reiterate that there is no
evidence to show that, when Mdm Foo made the $44,306 payment, either she
and/or Delphine knew that such payment was not in full satisfaction of the
true quantum of the Outstanding Sum, which was $91,764 (see [10] above).
Further, there is also no evidence to show that either of them made any
application on the Petitioner’s behalf to pay the balance of the Outstanding
Sum (_ie_ , the $47,458 balance) in instalments.

23 Upon his release from prison, the Petitioner resumed his former business of
purchasing and importing sand from Southeast Asian countries for reclamation
works in Singapore. He continues to be in the same line of business today.

24 Some three years after the Petitioner failed to respond to the Instalment
Letter, a warrant of arrest numbered WA-102708/2000 (“the Warrant of Arrest”)
was issued against him on 11 July 2003 on the basis that he had failed to pay
the first instalment of $4,000, which had allegedly been due on 29 February
2000. The Warrant of Arrest was eventually forwarded to the Warrant
Enforcement Unit (“the WEU”) sometime between 23 July 2003 and 30 July 2003,
and was activated on 30 July 2003.

25 The DPP contended that the first letter of advice from the WEU was sent to
the Petitioner on 4 August 2003. This letter was not, however, produced in the
course of the present proceedings. On 12 August 2003, the Petitioner’s sister
allegedly informed the WEU that the Petitioner was then overseas on business.
The WEU advised the Petitioner’s sister to inform the Petitioner to contact it
soon. According to the DPP, a year later, a second letter of advice was
purportedly sent to the Petitioner on 6 September 2004. This letter was
likewise not produced.

26 Similarly, although the DPP stated that further letters of advice were sent
to the Petitioner on, respectively, 27 October 2004, 3 February 2005, 8 March
2006, 27 April 2006, 13 March 2007 and 3 September 2008, these letters were
not made available. Further, the DPP could not confirm the address to which
the various letters of advice issued by the WEU to the Petitioner
(collectively, “the Letters of Advice”) were supposedly sent and whether all
of these letters were in fact delivered. In this regard, I note that the
Petitioner’s address changed from the address in Tampines stated in the
Warrant of Arrest to his present address in Hougang at some point in time. It
also bears mention that neither the correspondence between the Petitioner’s
counsel on the one hand and the Subordinate Courts and the Singapore Prison
Service on the other hand nor the Petitioner’s affidavit filed on 25 March
2010 made any mention of the Letters of Advice. In short, there was no
satisfactory evidence that the Petitioner ever received those letters.

27 The Petitioner was eventually arrested pursuant to the Warrant of Arrest
only on 21 October 2008. This, to his great consternation, happened while he
was at a police station making a police report about a foreign worker in
connection with a matter related to his sand-importation business. I pause to
note that the fact that the Petitioner was arrested at a police station
indicates that he was not making any effort to evade the consequences of the
Warrant of Arrest. The Petitioner was subsequently released after putting up a
personal bond for the sum of $1,000.

The relief sought by the Petitioner

28 In his petition, the Petitioner requested, _inter alia_ :

(a) that the Warrant of Arrest be quashed and that he be released
unconditionally;

(b) that, taking into account all the circumstances of the case, any balance
of the $140,000 fine or any balance of the 12-month default imprisonment
sentence be reduced or varied in such manner as this court saw fit; and

(c) alternatively, if this court decided not to reduce or vary the $140,000
fine or the 12-month default imprisonment sentence, that the sum of $44,306
paid to the Subordinate Courts be refunded to him with interest at such
interest rate and for such period as this court deemed fit.

The DPP’s original position

29 At the outset of the proceedings, the DPP, somewhat puzzlingly, contended
that, despite the lapse of time since the Error was made on 24 December 1999,
no serious injustice would be occasioned if the Petitioner’s default
imprisonment sentence were not reduced. After all, the DPP submitted, there
had been no undue delay on the part of the WEU in enforcing the Warrant of
Arrest as assiduous efforts had been made to contact the Petitioner. Any delay
in enforcement had been contributed to by the Petitioner, and he was now
merely being called to fulfil “his _existing_ penal obligations”[note: 1]
[emphasis added]. The DPP also insisted that, after the Petitioner was
released from prison on 24 December 1999, he subsequently learnt of the Error
when he received the Instalment Letter, but did not take any follow-up action.
Because of this, the DPP maintained, the Petitioner should not complain about
the delay in the enforcement of the Warrant of Arrest.

30 I found the initial stance taken by the DPP difficult to comprehend (see
also [65] below). The DPP’s focus should not have been on the Petitioner’s
failure to take steps to address the situation resulting from the Error, but,
rather, on the cause of this error. The right question to ask in the present
case was this: _had the Petitioner or those acting on his behalf contributed
in any way to the Error?_ If neither the Petitioner nor his representatives
(_ie_ , Mdm Foo and Delphine) had a hand in that error, it would not be either
right or just to penalise the Petitioner for it, whether at an earlier point
in time or now. At the conclusion of the parties’ oral arguments, I invited
the DPP to reconsider his opposition to the petition, and indicated that I had
grave reservations about the reasonableness of his position. I also indicated
that I was prepared to adjourn the matter for instructions to be obtained, if
necessary. On hearing this, the DPP, to his credit, immediately indicated that
he was dropping all opposition to the petition and would instead support it.

My assessment of the merits of the petition

31 In setting out my reasons for allowing the present petition, I will first
deal with the Petitioner’s inaction _vis-à-vis_ the Instalment Letter and the
Letters of Advice, followed by the Petitioner’s alleged knowledge of the
Error. I will then go on to explain why, on the facts of this case, I found
that the exercise of the High Court’s revisionary power was justified. In the
process, I will also discuss the ambit of the statutory provisions on
remission.

Irrelevance of the Petitioner’s inaction

32 Before this court, the DPP placed great emphasis on the Petitioner’s
inaction in respect of the Instalment Letter and the Letters of Advice. With
respect, the DPP’s approach was misguided. The Instalment Letter had no legal
standing as there was, in the first place, no court order directing that the
$47,458 balance be paid by instalments. That letter purported to set out a
curial order when, in truth, there was no such order. The Petitioner’s
inaction _vis-à-vis_ that letter is thus irrelevant.

33 The DPP initially submitted that the Warrant of Arrest was issued by the
Subordinate Courts on 11 July 2003 “ _as the Petitioner had failed to [make]
his first instalment payment_ of $4,000 on 29 February 2000” [emphasis
added].[note: 2] However, since there was, in the first place, _no order of
court_ directing that such payment be made, it must follow that there was _no
legal obligation_ for the Petitioner to pay the $47,458 balance by
instalments. This in turn meant that the Warrant of Arrest, which was issued
on the basis of the Petitioner’s failure to pay the instalment allegedly due
on 29 February 2000, was entirely without legal foundation or effect – it was,
in short, a mere _brutum fulmen_.

34 Since the Warrant of Arrest was a nullity, the Petitioner’s inaction in
relation to the Letters of Advice (if those letters were indeed received by
the Petitioner) is entirely irrelevant. The Petitioner had no legal obligation
to submit to a nullity. Indeed, the DPP was unable to explain how the
Petitioner’s arrest on 21 October 2008 could ever have been justified in these
circumstances. As an aside, what the Attorney-General’s Chambers should have
done to regularise the situation resulting from the Error was to make an
application to set aside the two OTRs dated 24 December 1999 which were issued
in respect of the Petitioner (_viz_ , OTR No 10142 and OTR No 10144). As such
an application was not made, I need not comment further on this point save to
say that it is highly unlikely that this court would have been favourably
disposed towards such an application (if it had been made) for all the reasons
given in these grounds of decision.

35 Although the Warrant of Arrest was obviously a patent nullity, I
nevertheless made an order to quash it so as to ensure that the Petitioner
would not be inadvertently confronted at some future point in time with an
order of ostensible effect. The objective of a quashing order (albeit in a
different context) has been succinctly highlighted in Clive Lewis, _Judicial
Remedies in Public Law_ (Sweet & Maxwell, 4th Ed, 2009) at para 6-007 as
follows:

The purpose of granting a quashing order is to establish invalidity and, once
established, to make it clear that the decision [which is the subject matter
of the quashing order] is devoid of legal effect.

36 I now address the crucial issue of the Petitioner’s actual knowledge of the
Error.

Did the Petitioner know about the Error?

37 I found that the Petitioner had no actual knowledge of the Error. He had
sound reasons to believe, when he was released from prison on 24 December
1999, that he had been accorded the benefit of a one-third remission of his
12-month default imprisonment sentence and only had to satisfy two thirds of
that sentence (_ie_ , a period of eight months’ default imprisonment).
Following from this, he honestly believed that his release from prison on 24
December 1999 was unconditional because (as he saw it) the $44,306 payment
made by Mdm Foo sufficed to settle in full his legal obligation _vis-à-vis_
the $140,000 fine. These are my reasons for coming to this conclusion.

38 First, the Petitioner stated that, at the commencement of his 12-month
default imprisonment sentence, he had been informed by the Singapore Prison
Service that his due date of discharge in respect of that sentence, after
taking into account remission for good conduct, would be 22 April 2000 (see
[7] above; in this regard, _cf_ the date stated in the Singapore Prison
Service’s letter dated 18 February 2010 (at [41] below)). This was not
disputed by the DPP. The standard one-third remission granted for good conduct
(see reg 113(1)(_a_) of the 1990 Prisons Regulations) would have reduced the
Petitioner’s 12-month default imprisonment sentence to eight months. Since the
Petitioner had served approximately four months of his default imprisonment
sentence from 23 August 1999 to 24 December 1999, he had a reasonable
expectation, as things stood on 24 December 1999, of having a balance of about
four months of default imprisonment left to serve. In this regard, it is
significant that the $44,306 payment made by Mdm Foo covered approximately 113
days of default imprisonment (taking the sum of $44,306 divided by $389),
which is just slightly less than four months. Viewed from this perspective, it
is understandable why the Petitioner thought that the 124 days of default
imprisonment which he had already served as at 24 December 1999, coupled with
the $44,306 payment, was sufficient to fully discharge his legal obligation in
respect of the $140,000 fine. He could not have been familiar with the
technical legal rules about fines, default imprisonment sentences and
remission (these will be discussed below at [44]–[49]).

39 Second, there was no evidence to indicate that the Petitioner had ever
agreed or intended to procure the $44,306 payment on condition that the
balance of the Outstanding Sum (_ie_ , the $47,458 balance) would be paid in
instalments. It was common ground that the Petitioner was not brought to the
Subordinate Courts prior to his release. Further, neither the Subordinate
Courts’ records nor the Singapore Prison Service’s records indicate that the
Petitioner was informed on 24 December 1999 that he was being released
conditionally. Indeed, crucially, the only document given to the Petitioner’s
representatives (_ie_ , Mdm Foo and Delphine) on that day was the Receipt (see
[9] above). This indicates that it was not brought to their attention at all
then that the $44,306 payment was, in truth, only part payment of the
Outstanding Sum and that a further $47,458 (_ie_ , the $47,458 balance) still
had to be paid. As such, I accepted the contention by the Petitioner that he
would not have procured the $44,306 payment if he had known that it would not
have secured his immediate and unconditional release from prison, but would
only have relieved him of serving part of his 12-month default imprisonment
sentence.

40 Third, contrary to the DPP’s assertion, there was nothing in the Instalment
Letter which “specifically”[note: 3] pointed out that an administrative error
(_ie_ , the Error, as defined at [20] above) had been made. That letter merely
contained a bare assertion that Delphine had made an application on 24
December 1999 to pay the $47,458 balance by way of instalments. On this point,
the DPP failed to adduce any court records or other evidence to show that
either Mdm Foo or Delphine had indeed made such an application. If an
application of that nature had indeed been made, was it made to the Court
Clerk or the District Judge (or some other officer of the Subordinate Courts),
and who granted it? The Subordinate Courts’ records are entirely silent on
this. While it would, of course, have been preferable if the Petitioner had,
upon receiving the Instalment Letter, immediately taken issue with the
statement therein that Delphine had applied to pay the $47,458 balance by
instalments and that the application had been granted, it is not altogether
surprising that he decided to ignore this statement on the basis that (as he
saw it) it was not correct and was thus of no consequence.

41 The frame of mind of the Petitioner at the time he received the Instalment
Letter is now indirectly corroborated by a letter dated 18 February 2010 from
the Singapore Prison Service, which states that, if there had been no payment
at all of any part of the $140,000 fine, the Petitioner’s earliest date of
release _vis-à-vis_ the 12-month default imprisonment sentence would have been
23 April 2000 (which is just one day later than the date originally
communicated to the Petitioner when he started serving that default
imprisonment sentence (see [7] above)). This statement presupposes that the
Petitioner was entitled to be granted remission in respect of his default
imprisonment sentence. This raises an interesting legal point that has not
been discussed in any prior decision, _viz_ : does remission apply to _default
imprisonment_ sentences? For completeness, I will deal with this issue now so
as to put to rest any remaining doubts about the current legal position on
remission.

Whether remission applies to default imprisonment sentences

42 The relevant provisions on remission of imprisonment sentences are
currently contained in the Prisons Regulations (Cap 247, Rg 2, 2002 Rev Ed)
(“the current Prisons Regulations”), and read as follows:

**Application of regulations 117 to 124**

**116**. Regulations 117 to 124 shall apply to remissions of _all sentences of
imprisonment_ other than sentences of imprisonment for life.

**Calculation of period of remission**

**117**. For the purpose of earning remission the total of consecutive periods
of _imprisonment of whatever nature_ shall be deemed to be one sentence and
remission shall be calculated upon such total.

**Remission — how granted**

**118**.—(1) With a view to _encouraging good conduct and industry and to
facilitate reformative treatment_ , prisoners sentenced to imprisonment shall
be entitled to be granted remission as follows:

(_a_) convicted prisoners sentenced to a term of imprisonment exceeding 14
days shall be granted as remission _one third of their sentences_ , except
that in no case shall any remission granted result in the release of [a]
prisoner until he has served 14 days …

…

**Remission — how awarded**

**119**. Remission of sentence or aggregate of sentences shall be awarded on
the admission of a prisoner.

**Day of release**

**120**. A prisoner shall be entitled to release on the day after he has
completed earning his remission.

…

**When remission not permitted**

**123**.—(1) Prisoners in hospital through their own fault or [through]
malingering shall not be allowed to earn any remission in respect of the
period [while] they are so confined.

(2) Similarly, prisoners undergoing punishment shall not be allowed to earn
remission in respect of the period [while] they are undergoing punishment.

(3) Prisoners transferred to a mental hospital shall be allowed the full
remission permissible under these Regulations.

**Cancellation of remission**

**124**.—(1) The remission earned by any prisoner may, on commission of any
grave offence, be cancelled in whole or in part by the authority of the
President; and conversely remission without limit may be given for special
services by his authority.

(2) The Superintendent [ie, the Superintendent of Prisons] may, in his
discretion, restore to any prisoner a period of remission or any portion
thereof, up to a maximum of 7 days, which had previously been forfeited by
such prisoner on the order of the Superintendent or of the order of any person
exercising the powers of the Superintendent.

[emphasis added]

43 It should be noted that, although it was the 1990 Prisons Regulations (and
not the current Prisons Regulations) which applied at the time the Petitioner
served his 12-month default imprisonment sentence, there is, for the purposes
of these grounds of decision, no material difference between the provisions on
remission in the former (_viz_ , regs 111A–119 of the 1990 Prisons
Regulations) and the corresponding provisions in the latter (_viz_ , regs
116–124 of the current Prisons Regulations). The analysis below of the
provisions on remission in the current Prisons Regulations is thus equally
applicable to the corresponding provisions in the 1990 Prisons Regulations.

44 The question is whether the phrase “all sentences of imprisonment” in reg
116 of the current Prisons Regulations includes default imprisonment
sentences. In my view, the answer is “yes” in the light of reg 116 read with
regs 117 and 118\. This is because the current Prisons Regulations do not draw
a distinction between a term of imprisonment which is imposed by the court as
the “direct” (so to speak) sentence for an offence and a term of imprisonment
which is imposed by the court as an indirect means of enforcing the “direct”
sentence of a fine – _ie_ , it appears to be of no consequence whether the
offender is serving an imprisonment term as a “direct” or an “indirect”
punishment for his offence. One of the key objectives of the current Prisons
Regulations is “to [encourage] good conduct and industry” (see reg 118(1) of
the current Prisons Regulations) on the part of offenders. From this
perspective, it would be arbitrary and absurd to deny remission to an offender
(assuming he satisfies the requisite criteria for being granted remission) on
the tenuous basis that he was imprisoned for failing to pay a fine, which was
the “direct” punishment imposed on him by the court.

45 This view is fortified if the position of an offender serving a default
imprisonment sentence as the “indirect” punishment for his offence is compared
with that of an offender serving a mandatory sentence of imprisonment as the
“direct” punishment for his offence. If remission does not apply to default
imprisonment sentences, the former will be worse off than the latter. Why,
however, should that be the case? Indeed, the view that remission should apply
to default imprisonment sentences becomes even more compelling when
consideration is given to the phrase “periods of imprisonment _of whatever
nature_ ” [emphasis added] in reg 117 of the current Prison Regulations.
Further, on a plain reading of reg 116, the phrase “ _all_ sentences of
imprisonment” [emphasis added] would embrace default imprisonment sentences.

46 What I have said at [44]–[45] above relates to the scenario where the
offender serving the default imprisonment sentence does not pay any part of
the fine imposed on him at all. The position (_vis-à-vis_ whether or not
remission is available) is, however, quite different where the offender pays
part of the fine _in monetary form_ and satisfies the rest of the fine by
serving the corresponding period of default imprisonment. This scenario may
take on one of two alternative factual permutations, namely:

(a) the “pay later” scenario, _ie_ , the offender, _after_ serving part of his
default imprisonment sentence, pays (in monetary form) the sum which
corresponds to the remainder of his default imprisonment sentence so that he
can be released from prison immediately (this scenario is analogous to that in
the present case); and

(b) the “pay first” scenario, _ie_ , the offender, realising that he has
insufficient funds to pay the entire fine in monetary form, pays part of the
fine in monetary form _and then_ “pays” the balance of the fine by serving the
requisite period of default imprisonment.

The key difference between these two scenarios is that, in the “pay later”
scenario, payment in monetary form of part of the fine is made _after_ the
offender has already served a portion of his default imprisonment sentence,
whereas, in the “pay first” scenario, payment in monetary form of part of the
fine is made _before_ the offender begins serving his default imprisonment
sentence.

47 In a “pay later” scenario, the offender _is not_ entitled to any remission
of that part of the fine which corresponds to the period of default
imprisonment yet to be served. For instance, if the offender, after serving a
period of default imprisonment which corresponds to 20% of the fine imposed on
him, decides to pay in monetary form the remaining 80% of the fine so that he
can be released from prison immediately, he must pay the sum which represents
80% of the fine _without any discount_. This is implied from the wording of
reg 116 of the current Prisons Regulations, which refers to remission of
“sentences of _imprisonment_ ” [emphasis added] only, and not to remission of
any other kind of sentence such as a fine or caning – _ie_ , the wording of
reg 116 indicates that remission applies _only_ to sentences of
_imprisonment_.

48 In contrast, in a “pay first” scenario, the offender _is_ entitled to be
granted remission when, after paying part of the fine in monetary form, he
“pays” the balance of the fine by serving the corresponding period of default
imprisonment. Varying the example given in the preceding paragraph, if the
offender _first_ pays (in monetary form) 20% of the fine imposed on him _and
then_ “pays” the remaining 80% of the fine by serving a period of default
imprisonment which corresponds to that portion of the fine, he is entitled to
a one-third remission of the corresponding period of default imprisonment
(assuming he satisfies the criteria for remission). This is because reg 119 of
the current Prisons Regulations states that “[r]emission of sentence … _shall_
be awarded _on the admission of a prisoner_ ” [emphasis added]. This
regulation, given its wording, is wide enough to include an offender who is
admitted to prison to serve a period of default imprisonment as the “indirect”
punishment for his offence after first satisfying part of his “direct”
punishment (_viz_ , a fine) by paying in monetary form a portion of the fine
imposed on him.

49 At first glance, the dichotomy between the “pay later” scenario (where
remission _is not_ applicable when calculating the amount to be paid (in
monetary form) in respect of the fine after taking into account the period of
default imprisonment already served) and the “pay first” scenario (where
remission _is_ applicable when calculating the period of default imprisonment
which corresponds to the unpaid portion of the fine) may appear to be unfair,
but there is in fact a sound rationale for it. Remission is a benefit which is
conferred on an offender for good conduct while serving a sentence of
imprisonment, and it has to be _earned_ (see, _inter alia_ , regs 120 and 123
of the current Prisons Regulations, which refer to the earning of remission).
In a “pay later” scenario (and taking, in this regard, the example outlined at
[47] above), the offender has served a period of default imprisonment which
corresponds to only 20% of the fine imposed on him. He has not served any part
of the period of default imprisonment which corresponds to the remaining 80%
of the fine, and thus, he would not have earned any remission in respect of
that period. It follows that, if he chooses to “serve” that period of default
imprisonment (_ie_ , the period of default imprisonment which corresponds to
80% of the fine imposed) by paying 80% of the fine _in monetary form_ instead,
he is not entitled to any discount on the quantum which represents 80% of the
fine.

The High Court’s exercise of its revisionary power

50 I now turn to my reasons for ruling that the circumstances of this case
warranted the exercise of the High Court’s revisionary power. To begin with, I
will set out the relevant legal principles on criminal revision.

The relevant legal principles

51 The High Court’s power of criminal revision is provided for in s 23 of the
Supreme Court of Judicature Act (Cap 322, 2007 Rev Ed), which states:

**Revision of criminal proceedings of subordinate courts**

**23**. The High Court may exercise powers of revision in respect of criminal
proceedings and matters in subordinate courts in accordance with the
provisions of any written law for the time being in force relating to criminal
procedure.

52 This provision is supplemented by ss 266–270 of the Criminal Procedure Code
(Cap 68, 1985 Rev Ed) (“the CPC”), which are as follows:

**Power to call for records of subordinate courts**.

**266**.—(1) The High Court may call for and examine the record of any
criminal proceeding before any subordinate court for the purpose of satisfying
itself as to the correctness, legality or propriety of any finding, sentence
or order recorded or passed and as to the regularity of any proceedings of
that subordinate court.

(2) Orders made under sections 105 and 106 and proceedings under Chapter XXX
are not proceedings within the meaning of this section.

**Power to order further inquiry**.

**267**. On examining any record under section 266 or otherwise the High Court
may direct the Magistrate to make, and the Magistrate shall make, further
inquiry into any complaint which has been dismissed under section 134 or into
the case of any accused person who has been discharged.

**Power of court on revision**.

**268**.—(1) The High Court may in any case, the record of the proceedings of
which has been called for by itself or which otherwise comes to its knowledge,
in its discretion exercise any of the powers conferred by sections 251, 255,
256 and 257.

(2) No order under this section shall be made to the prejudice of the accused
unless he has had an opportunity of being heard either personally or by
advocate in his own defence.

(3) Nothing in this section shall be deemed to authorise the High Court to
convert a finding of acquittal into one of conviction.

**Permission for parties to appear**.

**269**. No party has any right to be heard either personally or by advocate
before the High Court when exercising its powers of revision:

Provided that the Court may, if it thinks fit, when exercising such powers,
hear any party either personally or by advocate, and that nothing in this
section shall be deemed to affect section 268(2).

**Orders on revision**.

**270**. When a case is revised under this Chapter by the High Court it shall
certify its decision or order to the court by which the finding, sentence or
order revised was recorded or passed, and the court to which the decision or
order is so certified shall thereupon make such orders as are conformable to
the decision so certified, and, if necessary, the record shall be amended in
accordance therewith.

53 In addition, s 256 of the CPC is relevant as it sets out some of the powers
which the High Court may exercise in respect of its revisionary jurisdiction
(see s 268(1) of the CPC; for the purposes of the present proceedings, it is
not necessary for me to consider the High Court’s powers under ss 251, 255 and
257 of the CPC, which (along with s 256) are also mentioned in s 268(1)).
Section 256 of the CPC reads as follows:

**Decision on appeal**.

**256**. At the hearing of the appeal the court may, if it considers there is
no sufficient ground for interfering, dismiss the appeal or may —

(_a_) in an appeal from an order of acquittal, reverse the order and direct
that further inquiry shall be made or that the accused shall be retried or
committed for trial, as the case may be, or find him guilty and pass sentence
on him according to law;

(_b_) in an appeal from a conviction —

(i) reverse the finding and sentence and acquit or discharge the accused or
order him to be retried by a court of competent jurisdiction or committed for
trial;

(ii) alter the finding, maintaining the sentence, or, with or without altering
the finding, reduce or enhance the sentence; or

(iii) with or without the reduction or enhancement and with or without
altering the finding, alter the nature of the sentence;

(_c_) in an appeal as to sentence, reduce or enhance the sentence, or alter
the nature of the sentence; or

(_d_) in an appeal from any other order, alter or reverse the order.

54 The High Court’s revisionary power is discretionary in nature and is to be
exercised sparingly; not all errors by a lower court should lead to a revision
of that court’s decision. To warrant the exercise of the High Court’s
revisionary power, the threshold of serious injustice must be met. This
principle was stated by this court in _Ang Poh Chuan v Public Prosecutor_
[1995] 3 SLR(R) 929 (“ _Ang Poh Chuan_ ”) at [17] and subsequently affirmed in
(_inter alia_) _Yunani bin Abdul Hamid v Public Prosecutor_ [2008] 3 SLR(R)
383 (“ _Yunani_ ”) at [47] as follows:

The starting point in Singapore, according to Yong Pung How CJ in _Bedico Ma
Teresa Bebango v PP_ [2002] 1 SLR(R) 122, is that the High Court’s power of
revision is to be exercised “sparingly” (at [8]), _viz_ , not all errors by a
lower court should lead to a revision of that court’s decision. The threshold
requirement, according to Yong CJ, is that of “serious injustice” (at [8]).
This proposition was earlier stated in _Ang Poh Chuan_ … at [17] as follows:

… [V]arious phrases may be used to identify the circumstances which would
attract the exercise of the revisionary jurisdiction, but they all share the
common denominator that there must be some _serious injustice_. Of course
there cannot be a precise definition of what would constitute such serious
injustice for that would in any event unduly circumscribe what must be a wide
discretion vested in the court, the exercise of which would depend largely on
the particular facts. _But generally it must be shown that there is something
palpably wrong in the decision that strikes at its basis as an exercise of
judicial power by the court below_. …

[emphasis in original]

55 In this regard, the following passage from [45] of _Yunani_ is also
relevant:

Essentially, the High Court’s revisionary jurisdiction can be described as a
kind of paternal or supervisory jurisdiction. In Tan Yock Lin, _Criminal
Procedure_ (LexisNexis, Looseleaf Ed, Issue 18, December 2007), vol 2, ch XIX,
para 3904, the object of this jurisdiction is described as such:

[T]he revisionary jurisdiction, which otherwise functions to all intents and
purposes as an appeal, is a paternal jurisdiction. The High Court exercises
the jurisdiction as the guardian of … criminal justice, anxious to right all
wrongs, regardless [of] whether [they are] felt to be so by an aggrieved
party.

Why the exercise of the High Court’s revisionary power was warranted in the
present case

56 Returning to the facts of the present case, the relevant question before me
was whether the circumstances of the case amounted to such serious injustice
as to warrant the exercise of the High Court’s revisionary power. I had no
doubt that this question should be answered in the affirmative. In my view,
this case was a textbook case that unequivocally called out for this court’s
intervention in favour of the Petitioner because of the following factors.

57 First, the objective evidence strongly suggested that the presence of the
Error was discovered only recently by the Subordinate Courts and the Singapore
Prison Service – apparently, only after the Petitioner filed this petition.
Second, the significance of there being _two purportedly original_ OTRs (_ie_
, OTR No 10142 and OTR No 10144) was not appreciated when the Warrant of
Arrest was issued. The mere fact that there were two OTRs which directed the
release of the same offender on the same date (_viz_ , 24 December 1999) and
which related to the same charges (_viz_ , the two CGHA charges) ought to have
immediately given rise to a reasonable suspicion that something was seriously
amiss. Third, the patent irregularities readily apparent from a comparison of
the two OTRs (had they been examined) should have been a cause for real
concern.

58 As mentioned earlier (see [15] above), the OTR No 10144 annotation
contained the following handwritten amendments:

Given **_~~246~~_****124** days [_sic_] rebate of $**_~~95694~~_**** _48236_**
at $**_389_** per day. [underlining in original; handwritten text and deletion
marks in original in bold]

In what appeared to be a feeble attempt to brush aside the reasons for the
deletion of the figures “246” and “95694”, there was, as mentioned at [14]
above, a handwritten note in OTR No 10144, which stated:

After rebate, total amt of fine: $~~91764~~ 92542

Paid: $44306

Balance of $47458 to be paid by instalment. Starting on 24th Jan 2000 – $4,000
each month until balance is paid.

[deletion mark in original]

As I pointed out earlier (at [14] and [16] above), this handwritten note was
signed by the Court Clerk, but it was not countersigned by the District Judge.
In addition, this handwritten note and the deletion of the figures “246” and
“95964” in the OTR No 10144 annotation did not appear in the other purportedly
_original_ OTR, _ie_ , OTR No 10142. As can be seen from [12] above, the
material portion of the OTR No 10142 annotation read as follows:

Given **_246_** days [_sic_] rebate of $**_95694_** at $**_389_** per day.
[underlining in original; handwritten text in original in bold]

59 Both the OTR No 10142 annotation and the OTR No 10144 annotation were
signed by the Court Clerk alone. There is nothing to indicate whether OTR No
10142 or OTR No 10144 was issued first (although it was presumably the former
which was issued first for the reason stated at [17] above) and why two
purportedly original OTRs were issued. Further, while the Singapore Prison
Service received both OTRs, it is far from clear how and when it received
them. It is, however, obvious that the Singapore Prison Service must have
received only one of these OTRs (in all likelihood, OTR No 10142) at the time
the Petitioner was released.

60 Subsequently, the Instalment Letter was sent to the Petitioner requesting
him to pay “the balance fine of $47458” [emphasis in original omitted] by
instalments. As highlighted at [20] above, this letter was signed _only_ by
the Court Clerk (as opposed to a district judge or some other judicial officer
of the Subordinate Courts). More importantly, contrary to what was represented
in that letter, there was in fact no order of court granting permission for
the $47,458 balance (which did indeed remain outstanding after the $44,306
payment was made by Mdm Foo on 24 December 1999) to be paid by instalments. As
mentioned earlier (see [40] above), the Subordinate Courts could not adduce
any documentation to show that an application was made by either Mdm Foo or
Delphine on 24 December 1999 to pay the $47,458 balance by instalments.

61 I therefore determined that an error had been made by the Subordinate
Courts in calculating the Outstanding Sum. Crucially, I was also satisfied
that neither the Petitioner nor his representatives had contributed to or
caused this error. When the Petitioner was released from prison on 24 December
1999, he believed – with good reason – that the $44,306 payment made by Mdm
Foo was all that was necessary to settle the Outstanding Sum in full and, in
turn, secure his immediate and unconditional release.

62 Given these circumstances, the issue before me became a simple one: _who
should take responsibility for the consequences of the Error, which was made
by the Subordinate Courts?_ Undeniably, a mistake was made by the Subordinate
Courts in sanctioning the release of the Petitioner on 24 December 1999 after
Mdm Foo made the $44,306 payment. This is irrefutably established on an
objective assessment of the Receipt, the two purportedly original OTRs (_ie_ ,
OTR No 10142 and OTR No 10144) and the Instalment Letter. The cumulative
effect of the administrative mistakes and/or misstatements made in these
documents was not only grave, but also profoundly prejudiced the Petitioner.
In his desperation to seek redress, the Petitioner has been literally driven
from pillar to post at no small cost and at great inconvenience. Not only was
he wrongfully arrested on 21 October 2008, he has also been severely
embarrassed and subjected to a prolonged period of anxiety, with the sword of
Damocles (in the form of a further period of default imprisonment) hanging
precariously above him. Further, he has incurred legal costs which are not
insubstantial. Viewed in this context, the DPP’s original stance in opposing
the present petition certainly did not ameliorate the Petitioner’s unfortunate
predicament.

63 In short, I found this an exceptional case that went far beyond the narrow
considerations of an individual’s travails with legal processes gone awry.
This case has brought into focus an important facet of the administration of
criminal justice, which is this: if serious administrative lapses by the
courts are left unacknowledged or unchecked or – even worse – concealed,
confidence in the administration of justice will be corroded and eventually
eroded. Fortunately, giving the prevailing judicial culture in Singapore,
there does not seem to me to be any danger of this situation materialising
here. A culture of openness has long since taken firm root in our courts, with
mistakes being acknowledged openly rather than being papered over.

64 As I indicated at [56] above, I held that the question of whether the
circumstances of the present case warranted the exercise of the High Court’s
revisionary power should be unhesitatingly answered in the affirmative. The
High Court is duty bound to rectify errors of this nature made by the lower
courts and remedy as best as it can any prejudice suffered by an aggrieved
party. In this regard, the earlier observations made in _Yunani_ at [49] _vis-
à-vis_ the exercise of the High Court’s revisionary power merit reiteration:

[I]t … has to be kept in mind that Parliament has conferred this power [_ie_ ,
the power of revision] on the High Court so as to ensure that no potential
cases of serious injustice are left without a meaningful remedy or real
redress. A court would fail in its constitutional duty to oversee the
administration of criminal justice if it remains impassive and unresponsive to
what may objectively appear to be a potentially serious miscarriage of
justice.

65 Turning now to the specific order which I made in respect of the fines
imposed for the two CGHA charges, I was of the view that to send the
Petitioner back to prison for another 122 days (taking the sum of $47,458
divided by $389) would plainly be to perpetrate a serious injustice on him. He
did no wrong in arranging for Mdm Foo to make the $44,306 payment on 24
December 1999 so as to secure his immediate release from prison. He had a
legitimate basis to believe, when he was released, that he was leaving his
past mistakes behind him and could begin a new phase of his life. His unhappy
predicament was precipitated by the Error, for which he (and, likewise, Mdm
Foo and Delphine) bore no responsibility. In the circumstances, no public
interest would be served, nor would any sentencing objective be satisfied, by
sending the Petitioner back to prison to serve the period of default
imprisonment which corresponds to the $47,458 balance. This is why, as
indicated at [30] above, I found the DPP’s initial stance in opposing the
present petition difficult to comprehend.

66 I therefore exercised the High Court’s revisionary power and varied the
fines imposed on the Petitioner in respect of the two CGHA charges as follows:

Charge |  Variation made  
---|---  
MAC 11701/1998 |  Fine of $70,000 reduced to $46,271  
MAC 11702/1998 |  Fine of $70,000 reduced to $46,271  
  
  

As a result, the aggregate fine imposed on the Petitioner for the two CGHA
charges was reduced from $140,000 to $92,542. In making this order, my
reasoning was as follows: the Petitioner served 124 days of default
imprisonment, which was (loosely speaking) “worth” $48,236 (taking 124
multiplied by $389). Payment of $44,306 was also made on his behalf. This
meant that the Petitioner effectively “paid” a total of $92,542 ($48,236 plus
$44,306). I thus reduced the aggregate fine for the two CGHA charges to
$92,542 (which translated into a fine of $46,271 for each charge), such that
the Petitioner would have effectively discharged in full his legal obligation
_vis-à-vis_ the aggregate fine imposed for these two charges.

The Petitioner’s request for a refund of the $44,306 payment

67 Given that I allowed this petition and varied the aggregate fine payable by
the Petitioner as described in the preceding paragraph, there was no need for
me to deal with his alternative prayer for the sum of $44,306 to be refunded
in the event that this court did not vary the $140,000 fine or reduce the
12-month default imprisonment sentence (see sub-para (c) of [28] above). I
will nevertheless address the issue of refunding paid-up fines so as to
address any existing doubts on this point.

68 There is no statutory provision which confers on the court the power to
order a refund of fines which have been paid. Neither s 224 of the CPC, which
sets out the provisions relating to fines, nor the provisions on criminal
revision in the CPC provide for such a power. Furthermore, a refund of fines
already paid goes against the core rationale of default imprisonment
sentences. As alluded to earlier (at [44] above), a default imprisonment
sentence is, in effect, an indirect means of enforcing the “direct” punishment
(_ie_ , the fine) imposed by the court on an offender. Once part of the fine
is paid, the corresponding portion of the offender’s default imprisonment
sentence (_viz_ , “the ‘paid-up’ portion of the default imprisonment
sentence”) is effectively served and no longer exists. This is clear from s
224(_e_) of the CPC, which states:

**Provisions as to sentence of fine**.

**224**. Where any fine is imposed under the authority of any law for the time
being in force then, in the absence of any express provision relating to the
fine in such law, the following provisions shall apply:

…

(_e_) the imprisonment which is imposed in default of payment of a fine shall
_terminate whenever that fine is either paid_ or levied by process of law …

[emphasis added]

Once the “paid-up” portion of the default imprisonment sentence ceases to
exist, the offender no longer has the option of serving that part of the
default imprisonment sentence in lieu of paying the corresponding portion of
the fine (which portion has in fact already been paid by the offender). That
portion of the fine cannot, therefore, be refunded to the offender.

Conclusion

69 In the present case, a misguided attempt to remedy the Error (on the quiet,
so it appears) led to a series of unfortunate events with grave consequences
for the Petitioner. If the Error had been acknowledged promptly and openly
from the beginning, the Petitioner would not have had to wait for more than
ten years before that error was remedied. I should, however, emphasise that I
have not made any conclusive findings on the motives or reasons behind the
various acts (and/or omissions) leading to and resulting from the Error, nor
have I pinned responsibility for this unfortunate sequence of events on any
one single individual. A more robust system of checks and balances, which I
believe is now in place, would have ensured that matters were not allowed to
proceed as far as they eventually did. I must add that many problematic
questions remain unanswered because of the limited ambit of the evidence
presented to me. For the purposes of ruling on this petition, I drew only what
I considered to be permissible inferences from the context and the evidence
placed before me, and I drew such inferences only to the extent necessary for
me to decide the issues pertaining to this case. As inquiries to ascertain the
truth of what else might have occurred are currently afoot, more facts may
emerge in due course.

70 I should add that the unfortunate events which occurred in this case
highlight the importance of having in place a systemised and transparent
process for calculating the period of remission which an offender is entitled
to. This is particularly important where default imprisonment sentences are
concerned, not least because of the dichotomy between the “pay later” scenario
and the “pay first” scenario outlined at [46]–[49] above. In cases involving
default imprisonment sentences, it is necessary for there to be clear
communication between the Subordinate Courts and the Singapore Prison Service
as to: (a) the period of remission which the offender is entitled to when
serving the period of default imprisonment that corresponds to the unpaid
portion of the fine (in a “pay first” scenario); and (b) the quantum of that
part of the fine which corresponds to the period of default imprisonment yet
to be served (in a “pay later” scenario).

71 For the reasons given above, I allowed the petition, quashed the Warrant of
Arrest and reduced the Petitioner’s aggregate fine for the two CGHA charges to
$92,542. Both parties were given liberty to apply for consequential orders.

* * *

[note: 1]See the respondent’s written submissions dated 15 April 2010 (“the
Respondent’s Written Submissions”) at para 54.

[note: 2]See the Respondent’s Written Submissions at para 21.

[note: 3]See the Respondent’s Written Submissions at para 50.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 07 May 2010 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

