Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Sum Yue Holdings Pte Ltd _v_ Foo Sek Soon (alias Justin Foo) and others  
[2010] SGHC 181

Case Number| :| Suit No 13 of 2008  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 29 June 2010  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Lai Siu Chiu J  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Sam Han Tatt (H T Sam & Co), Oei Ai Hoea Anna (Counsel
instructed) with Chen Wei Ling and Sng Kheng Huat (Sng & Co) for the plaintiff
Palmer Michael Anthony, Lem Jit Min Andy and Deryne Sim Lifen (Harry Elias
Partnership) for the 1st to 6th defendants 7th defendant in person.  
Parties| :|  Sum Yue Holdings Pte Ltd — Foo Sek Soon (alias Justin Foo) and
others  
  
29 June 2010| Judgment reserved  
---|---  
  
Lai Siu Chiu J:

1 This was a claim by Sum Yue Holdings Pte Ltd (“the plaintiff”) for
conspiracy and breach of their duties as directors and/or employees, against
its two former directors Justin Foo (“Justin” who is the first defendant) and
Bob Lim (“Bob” who is the sixth defendant) and its three former employees
Theresa Ang (“Theresa” who is the second defendant), Richard Lim (“Richard”
who is the fourth defendant and the son of Bob) and Peter Lim (“Peter” who is
the fifth defendant).

2 The plaintiff also sued Latrade Automation Pte Ltd (the “third defendant”)
for participating in the conspiracy and for concealing its receipt of payments
amounting to $225,720 from Sam Hui Engineering Works and Service for a
project. It was the plaintiff’s case that the third defendant was incorporated
by Justin and Theresa with the expectation that existing jobs which were being
carried out by the plaintiff as well as new jobs to be awarded, would be
transferred to the third defendant. The first to sixth defendants will be
referred to collectively as “the defendants” or “the six defendants”
henceforth where appropriate. Sam Hui Engineering Works and Service is the
seventh defendant and is a sole-proprietorship of one Chow Chee Meng (“Chow”).
Specifically, the plaintiff claimed that the defendants had conspired to cause
loss to the plaintiff by terminating an agreement that the plaintiff had with
Chow for the supply and installation of hot air ducting for a company in
Jurong called Techno Glass Singapore Pte Ltd (“the NH Glass project”) and
transferring that project to the third defendant. The plaintiff claimed
against Chow for damages for breach of contract and for dishonest assistance
in the breaches by Justin and Bob of their fiduciary duties and in conspiracy.
The plaintiff further sued the defendants for causing it to purchase
$124,564.83 worth of materials when the materials were not meant for the
plaintiff’s use but which were used by the third defendant in the NH Glass
project.

3 At the material time, the three shareholders of the plaintiff were Justin,
Lim Men See (“Lim”) and Sum Yue Electrical Industries Pte Ltd (“SYEI”). Lim
was at the material time and is still, the managing-director of the plaintiff.
The shareholders of SYEI were Lim and Bob.

4 The plaintiff’s claim essentially arose from a purchase order no. 05-0001
(“the PO”) dated 4 January 2005 in the sum of $300,000 issued by Chow to the
plaintiff for the NH Glass project. The NH Glass project was essentially
Justin’s responsibility.

5 According to Lim’s affidavit of evidence-in-chief (“AEIC”), on 7 January
2005, the plaintiff rendered invoice SYH 2100 for $75,000 to Chow for 25% down
payment on the NH Glass project. Chow paid the invoice on 10 January 2005.
Thereafter, the plaintiff made preparations for carrying out the NH Glass
project. On 13 January 2005, it placed an order with Sim Lee Seng for
installation of metal ducting and dismantling of an existing cooling tower for
which it made a down payment of $15,000. Between 24 January 2005 and 5 May
2005, the plaintiff ordered materials from ESAB Asia Pacific Pte Ltd totalling
$124,564.83.

6 On 31 March 2005, Chow wrote to the plaintiff to say he had cancelled the PO
(see [4] above) (“the cancellation letter”) due to “unsatisfactory work
progress” and that he had appointed other contractors to take over the NH
Glass project. It was the plaintiff’s case that the cancellation letter was
not prepared by Chow but by Justin who then brought it to Chow and procured
Chow’s signature on the document. On the same day, Justin wrote to Chow to
confirm the third defendant would take over the NH Glass project for $225,000.
On the same day too, Justin resigned from the plaintiff’s employment. Justin’s
last day of work with the plaintiff was 30 April 2005 but he remained a
director and shareholder of the plaintiff until July 2005 (according to
Justin) while the plaintiff contended that he was a director until 27
September 2007.

7 It was also the plaintiff’s case that notwithstanding the cancellation
letter, the plaintiff continued to purchase materials (with the approval of
Justin and Bob) for and its employees continued to work on, the NH Glass
project even after 31 March 2005.

8 The plaintiff alleged that the third defendant issued invoices to and
received payments from Chow even before 31 March 2005\. In particular, the
third defendant issued an invoice no. 238801/05 for $20,000 on 11 March 2005
to Chow who made payment to the plaintiff which payment was received by
Justin. The plaintiff claimed that it then paid Justin $20,000 on 28 March
2005 supposedly to reimburse Justin for paying the said sum on its behalf.
Thus, the plaintiff alleged, Justin received double payment. On 17 March 2005,
the third defendant issued invoice no. 238802/05 to Chow for 30% progress
payment amounting to $90,000. Chow paid Justin who received it not for the
plaintiff but on the third defendant’s behalf for the third defendant’s
invoice no. 238802/05.

9 On 13 April 2005, Justin and Chow attended a meeting with representatives of
NH Glass. At the meeting, Justin signed minutes on behalf of the plaintiff,
which minutes included an agreement that the plaintiff and Chow would follow a
schedule of works agreed that day, failing which NH Glass could impose penalty
charges.

10 The plaintiff further alleged that the third defendant was incorporated (on
23 February 2005) while its two shareholders cum directors Justin and Theresa
were still working for the plaintiff and while Justin was still a director and
shareholder of the plaintiff. Together with Richard and Bob, Justin had joined
the plaintiff in January 2004 while Theresa and Peter joined in November 2004.
(Bob ceased to be a director of the plaintiff in December 2006).

11 The plaintiff alleged that although the third defendant’s registered
address was at No. 10, Admiralty Street #03-74, North Link Building, Singapore
757695, it conducted its business at the plaintiff’s premises at No. 4 Soon
Lee Road, Singapore 628071 (“the plaintiff’s premises”). The third defendant
only shifted out from the plaintiff’s premises on 28 November 2005.

12 The plaintiff further alleged that Justin, Theresa, Richard, Peter and Bob
conducted their business since 28 July 2004using the computer systems and/or
work stations of the plaintiff and had communicated with the third defendant
and the seventh defendant in relation to the NH Glass project and/or with
third parties and potential customers and suppliers in order to cause harm,
loss and damage to the plaintiff. Further, the plaintiff claimed, the same
five defendants used the plaintiff’s computer facilities to promote and siphon
off the plaintiff’s business to the third defendant.

13 The plaintiff claimed that after the departure of Justin, Theresa, Richard,
Peter and Bob from the plaintiff’s employment, it discovered that the five
defendants had removed the hard disks from the computer systems and rendered
the computers inoperable. Lim lodged a police report over the incident on 9
December 2005.

14 The plaintiff/Lim suspected the five defendants were involved in a
conspiracy with Chow or had acted in breach of their fiduciary duties and
obligations in order to promote the business of the third defendant.

15 To gather evidence of the misdeeds of the defendants, the plaintiff engaged
the services of a company called I-Analysis Pte Ltd (“I-Analysis”) to conduct
a digital forensic investigation of the plaintiff’s computer hard disks in
November 2006. I-Analysis rendered a report after its investigations and its
director Darren Cerasi (“Cerasi”) testified for the plaintiff. I-Analysis was
also tasked by the plaintiff to verify the authenticity of two letters dated
26 April 2005 (“the April letter”) and 16 May 2005 (“the May letter”) which
Bob as its director, had written on behalf of the plaintiff to Justin. In the
April letter[note: 1], Bob had purportedly requested Justin to stay on with
the plaintiff until he completed its existing projects. In the May
letter[note: 2], Bob had said:

Further to our request for your extension of stay, we would like to clearly
specify that we have no objection to allow you to carry out your businesses at
our premises during the periods of extension of stay with us

Cerasi considered the two letters “questionable in the content” and pointed to
unusual features in the same. I shall return to his comment when I consider
Cerasi’s testimony later.

16 Not surprisingly, the former employees and/or directors and/or shareholders
of the plaintiff had a different version from Lim of the events that
transpired before they left the plaintiff’s employment.

17 Justin, the first defendant was the only witness for his and the case of
the third defendant. His testimony was also adopted by the second to sixth
defendants. Consequently, I turn now to look at his testimony. In his AEIC,
Justin pointed out that he was a minority shareholder holding only 10 shares
in the plaintiff. Prior to joining the plaintiff, Justin (with Bob and Peter)
was a shareholder/director of Sum Yue Instrumentation Engineering Pte Ltd (“SY
Instrumentation”) between 1999 and 2004. SY Instrumentation undertook projects
that were similar to those of the plaintiff. SY Instrumentation was wound up
in 2006. SY Instrumentation’s projects were transferred to the plaintiff in
January 2004\. Projects from Sum Yue Engineering Pte Ltd (“SY Engineering”) a
company owned by Bob and Peter, were transferred to SYEI some time in February
2004.

18 Bob and Lim invited Justin to join the plaintiff in 2003. Justin was in
charge of the plaintiff’s mechanical projects which included customers such as
SIS 88 Pte Ltd (“SIS”) and Chow. Justin was assisted by Richard in these
projects. These customers were his customers even before Justin joined the
plaintiff.

19 In March 2004, Justin was tasked to take over the administration of the
plaintiff and SYEI. The request was minuted at a meeting held on 27 March 2004
and announced by Bob. In June 2004, Justin was asked to merge the
administration of the two entities. Towards that end, Justin called a general
meeting on 13 August 2004 that was attended _inter alia_ by Lim, Ronald Lee
Lim Sim (‘Ronald”), Bob, Peter and Theresa; Justin presented a flowchart with
his proposal to merge the administrative operations of the two companies.
Theresa was tasked with recording the minutes of meetings and did so for these
and other meetings. However, Lim refused to accept the accuracy of the minutes
as recorded by her which he did not sign.

20 Although customers were invoiced and paid for the projects taken over from
SY Instrumentation and SY Engineering, Justin and the other defendants working
for the plaintiff were told by Angie Ang (“Angie”), an employee of SYEI, that
SYEI and the plaintiff were purportedly making losses on those projects. At
the meeting on 13 August 2004, Justin had asked Angie for the accounts and
financial statement of SYEI and the plaintiff to enable him do the merger and
to verify if indeed they were making losses on the projects inherited from SY
Instrumentation and SY Engineering but she refused. He also wanted to verify
what he discovered in the course of running the plaintiff – the plaintiff
handled projects and paid for materials and labour on behalf of SYEI but it
was SYEI that invoiced customers and collected payments from them. When Justin
raised his objections to Lim on this practice, his objections were overruled
as Lim was the majority shareholder of both the plaintiff and SYEI. Lim felt
it was unnecessary for the plaintiff to invoice SYEI as it would incur more
goods and services tax.

21 Ultimately, Justin’s proposal to merge the administrative operations of the
plaintiff and SYEI was rejected by Lim and Ronald at a meeting held on 21
September 2004. Ronald said the proposal was not workable as the staff of the
two companies could not work together due to disagreements. From then on until
December 2004, Justin’s relationship with Lim steadily deteriorated,
exacerbated by Justin’s request for and Lim’s refusal to provide, the accounts
of SYEI and the plaintiff. Lim began withholding payments to the plaintiff’s
suppliers and contractors for on-going projects under Justin’s charge by
refusing to sign cheques for payments approved by Justin.

22 It would be appropriate at this juncture to describe the role of Ronald in
this dispute. It was the defendants’ case (but denied by Lim and Ronald) that
Ronald was a majority shareholder in the plaintiff despite the fact that his
name did not appear as such in the shareholders’ register of the company.

23 In his AEIC, Justin deposed that Ronald took part in management decisions
of the plaintiff and would attend most if not all, meetings of the board of
directors, shareholders and management. Important correspondence would also be
copied to him. Justin deposed that Ronald was (and still is) the general
manager of Singapore Epson Industrial Pte Ltd (“Epson”) for about 20 years up
to 2004, during which period he awarded projects to SYEI. He pointed out that
Ronald was at the plaintiff’s premises everyday and even kept two dogs there.
Indeed, Ronald even had a ‘karaoke’ room at the plaintiff’s premises besides a
kennel for his dogs. I note that Lim himself testified that the plaintiff
purchased its premises from Epson (in June 2002 for $700,000) after being
approached by Ronald. Ronald who was a witness (PW3) for the plaintiff _inter
alia_ denied he was involved in the plaintiff and that he attended any
meetings of the plaintiff as recorded in minutes taken by Theresa. I will
refer to Ronald’s testimony later.

24 At a meeting held on 7 January 2005 attended by Justin, Richard, Bob, Peter
and Theresa, Bob informed the attendees that Lim wanted Justin to cease
getting business for the plaintiff and that Justin should set up his own
company if he wanted to continue doing business.

25 This cessation of business was subsequently confirmed by Lim to Justin who
was told that he should stop work on projects under Justin’s charge including
the NH Glass project. Justin conveyed Lim’s message to Bob, Peter and Richard
at a meeting held on 28 January 2005. According to Justin, this prompted his
resignation on 31 March 2005. Although his last day with the plaintiff was on
30 April 2005, Bob and Peter requested Justin to remain with the plaintiff
until Justin had completed all the on-going projects under his charge. Justin
agreed on condition that he could rent a space at the plaintiff’s premises to
carry on his own business to which Bob and Peter agreed. This resulted in the
April and May letters (see above at [15]) from Bob which authenticity as
stated earlier, was questioned by the plaintiff’s expert I-Analysis.

26 There then followed another round of meetings (again denied by Lim) between
3 and 27 June 2005 at which (according to the defendants) the following
matters were raised (and recorded in minutes prepared by Theresa save for the
minutes of a meeting on 3 June 2005 which the defendants claimed were recorded
by Angie):

(a) Lim furnished information on the plaintiff’s outstanding loans, overdrafts
with banks and its overheads;

(b) Lim and Ronald said that since the plaintiff had incurred too many
liabilities, it would cease business with effect from 30 June 2005;

(c) the plaintiff’s building would be sold;

(d) the termination dates (with payment of salaries) for the plaintiff’s
employees Richard, Ah San and Zaw Tun would be 30 June, 31 August and 31
August 2005 respectively;

(e) Lim said that if Justin or Peter decided to continue doing the same
business as the plaintiff, they should incorporate new companies to do so on
condition that the new companies’ registered address was not at the
plaintiff’s premises;

(f) meanwhile, Justin and Peter could rent space from the plaintiff within its
building for their new companies;

(g) Justin proposed a buy-over of the plaintiff’s existing welding sets at
prices to be agreed with Lim; and

(h) Justin indicated he would move out from the plaintiff’s premises by mid-
July 2005.

27 Justin then received a note dated 4 July 2005 from Lim requesting him to
make arrangements to redirect all correspondence of the third defendant away
from the plaintiff’s premises. On the same day, Theresa received a separate
letter from Lim requesting that the suppliers bill the third defendant with
effect from 1 July 2005. Angie also requested for Theresa to transfer
telephone and facsimile lines and servers from the plaintiff’s to the third
defendant’s name. Lim asked for Peter’s proposal on renting space for the
third defendant at the plaintiff’s premises and he inquired whether the third
defendant would want to acquire the plaintiff’s two lorries. Finally, Lim
requested that termination letters be issued to the plaintiff’s staff to take
effect on 30 June 2005.

28 Peter responded to Lim’s inquiries by a memorandum dated 5 July 2005 to say
that the third defendant would purchase one of the plaintiff’s lorries and
that the company was agreeable to rent space from the plaintiff at $4,000 per
month. Peter requested an invoice for $3,750 from the plaintiff for rent for
the previous month. The third defendant eventually did not pay any rent to the
plaintiff as the plaintiff did not render any invoice. Another reason for the
third defendant’s non-payment of rent to the plaintiff was the fact that the
third defendant had rendered invoices approximating $42,277.20 to the
plaintiff for work done for projects of SYEI between October 2005 and January
2006 which Lim refused to acknowledge.

29 There were on-going discussions between Lim and the defendants on how to
deal with the sending of invoices to and the collection of payments from,
customers. One issue revolved around the payment by Chow to the plaintiff of
the deposit of $75,000 for the NH Glass project. Justin, Peter and Bob decided
that the plaintiff would continue with and complete the fabrication work for
the NH Glass project up to the down payment stage. Justin pointed out that a
portion of the $124,564.83 allegedly spent by the plaintiff on materials and
subcontractors for the NH Glass project was used for another project _viz_ the
SIS project. He deposed that Richard and he had no choice but to use for the
SIS project, materials initially acquired for the NH Glass project as Lim
refused to pay the plaintiff’s suppliers and contractors causing difficulties
for the third defendant and resulting in complaints from both NH Glass and
SIS.

30 Without any prior warning, the defendants then received Lim’s letter dated
18 July 2005[note: 3] requiring them to leave the plaintiff’s premises
immediately or else face action for trespass. The defendants were required to
hand all the plaintiff’s documents to Angie and were reminded not to remove
any documents from the plaintiff’s premises.

31 On the following day, the plaintiff’s workshop was secured by additional
locks and chains. Save for Bob, the other defendants were denied entry. Justin
and Bob wrote to Lim immediately to explain that such action would cause harm
to the plaintiff and seriously disrupt its on-going projects. They requested
that the plaintiff’s operations be allowed to continue until end July 2005 if
its projects could not be completed by 30 June 2005. Their request was ignored
by Lim who did not reply to their letter.

32 However, shortly thereafter, Lim allowed Peter, Bob and Theresa to return
to the plaintiff’s premises to assist in the on-going projects until some time
in November 2005. As part of the winding-down of the plaintiff’s operations,
two projects _viz_ Temptech Pte Ltd and Powder Coating Engineering Pte Ltd
were transferred to Peter on or about 28 July 2005.

33 Although the third defendant was incorporated on 23 February 2005, Justin
said it only commenced operations on 1 April 2005. Initially, the third
defendant’s registered address was at No. 6 Bloxhome Drive Singapore 559702,
before being changed to No. 10, Admiralty Street #03-74, North Link Building,
Singapore 757695. Contrary to the plaintiff’s case and to Lim’s accusations,
Justin contended that the third defendant conducted its business openly and
with the full knowledge of the plaintiff/Lim. This was pursuant to the
understanding that Justin, Bob and Peter had reached with Lim and Ronald.

34 In support of his assertion. Justin pointed out that between 1 April and 18
July 2005, the third defendant sent out correspondence, invoices, quotations
and delivery orders as well as received such documents from third parties at
the plaintiff’s premises. It also met its customers at the plaintiff’s
premises. Justin pointed out that save for a few, the third defendant’s
customers were different from the plaintiff’s. The common customers were
Justin’s even before he joined the plaintiff. In fact, the plaintiff had only
one customer (Epson) when Justin joined the plaintiff. Its customers in 2004
and 2005 were either Justin’s or Bob’s and Peter’s customers from SY
Engineering.

35 As for the NH Glass project, Justin explained that because of Lim’s
obstructive behaviour in withholding payments for projects under his charge,
Justin experienced great difficulties with his customers including Chow, from
whom the plaintiff received a warning letter on 1 April 2005[note: 4]. Chow
had also threatened to sue the plaintiff for delay in the NH Glass project and
to impose a penalty of 10% of the contract value or $30,000 for each day of
delay. Justin managed to persuade Chow to withhold legal action by his offer
to have the third defendant take over the project. This resulted in the
issuance of the cancellation letter (see above at [6]) and the third
defendant’s agreement to take over the project on the same day (31 March
2005). Otherwise the plaintiff would have faced a huge claim for damages.

36 Justin accused the plaintiff of bad faith. He referred to the plaintiff’s
financial report for 2007 which stated that the plaintiff’s premises were sold
for $1.8m. However, he and the other defendants did not know what Lim had done
with the sale proceeds. Justin pointed out that the plaintiff’s premises were
its main asset against which the defendants would have recourse to for their
costs. He revealed that the plaintiff failed to pay the salaries of its
employees for June 2005 when their services were terminated. Although Lim had
requested Peter to advance the sum on the plaintiff’s behalf, promising to
reimburse Peter from collections made by the plaintiff, Lim did not honour his
word. Peter in turn borrowed money from the third defendant to make payment.
The third defendant paid approximately $46,000 to the plaintiff’s employees.

37 Justin further noted from the plaintiff’s financial statements for 2007
that the company consistently made losses for the years 2004, 2005 and 2006.
It was only in 2007 that the company turned in a profit. It was clear from the
said accounts that the plaintiff disposed of all its property, plant and
equipment before commencing this action in January 2008. Justin believed this
was done by Lim intentionally in order to deprive the defendants of their
costs should the plaintiff fail in its action. (This fear has been allayed by
an order for security for costs in favour of the six defendants [see [47
below]).

38 At the end of 2006, Lim removed Bob as a director of both the plaintiff and
SYEI, despite Bob’s objections. Lim then appointed his wife Wong Jit Yan
(“Lim’s wife”) and his son Lim Daw Seng (“Lim’s son”) as directors of both
companies. Lim further changed the cheque signatories of the plaintiff so that
he alone could sign cheques for amounts in excess of $20,000 while Lim’s wife
and Lim’s son could sign cheques for lesser sums.

39 Justin denied the plaintiff’s allegation that the six defendants had
removed the hard disks from the plaintiff’s computer systems. He deposed that
neither he nor Richard had access to the plaintiff’s premises after 18 July
2005 so as to be able to tamper with the computers. As the plaintiff’s
premises were fitted with close circuit surveillance cameras, any attempts to
remove the hard disks by any of the defendants would have been detected in any
case. There was also no reason for any of the defendants to remove the hard
disks as they had used the computers to create the invoices and other
documents of the third defendant, which was done with the plaintiff’s consent.
In any case, not all the computers belonged to the plaintiff - some belonged
to and had been transferred to the plaintiff from SY Instrumentation and SY
Engineering.

40 The last piece of evidence for the six defendants’ case came from Bob. In
his AEIC, Bob deposed that in September 2006, Ronald approached him and
inquired if Bob wanted to sell his shares in SYEI to Lim. In view of the
differences between Lim, Justin and Bob, Ronald advised that it would be
better for the parties to part ways. Bob was agreeable to Ronald’s suggestion.

41 On 3 October 2006, Lim’s solicitors wrote to Bob’s solicitors enclosing a
draft sale and purchase agreement (“the draft agreement”). However, the draft
agreement contained in cl 7 a provision that upon completion of the sale of
Bob’s shares in SYEI, Bob would not have any claims against Lim and/or SYEI
and /or the plaintiff. Bob did not agree to cl 7. Thereafter, negotiations
between Bob and Lim through their respective solicitors broke down. To-date,
Bob remains a shareholder of SYEI. The plaintiff subsequently commenced this
suit on 7 January 2008.

The pleadings

42 I turn now to the pleadings. The statement of claim was prolix to the
extreme numbering 84 pages as the plaintiff set out (unnecessarily) almost
verbatim, the report of I-Analysis. I will not repeat the plaintiff’s various
heads of claim as they have been set out in [1] and [2] above.

43 As for the defence, the first to sixth defendants filed a joint defence
while Chow filed his own separate defence as the seventh defendant. In their
joint defence, the six defendants essentially denied they had breached their
fiduciary duties as directors and/or their employment contracts and that they
had engaged in a conspiracy to harm the plaintiff and/or to siphon off its
business. The defendants contended that the third defendant only commenced
operations on 1 April 2005 notwithstanding its incorporation two months
earlier. They denied that the third defendant operated at the plaintiff’s
premises without the latter’s knowledge and consent. They asserted that the
third defendant conducted its business openly and with the plaintiff’s
knowledge at the plaintiff’s premises between 1 April 2005 and 18 July 2005.

44 The defendants alleged that the plaintiff failed to pay their salaries for
the month of June 2005 and that Peter had paid the employees their salaries on
the plaintiff’s behalf. (This complaint was not pursued at the trial). The
defendants admitted that Chow only dealt with Justin and Richard for the NH
Glass project but denied that they had conspired with Chow to cause harm
and/or loss to the plaintiff. The defendants pleaded that the third defendant
was incorporated to take over the plaintiff’s projects because Lim wanted to
close down the plaintiff’s operations and for that reason, the third defendant
took over the NH Glass project.

45 In his defence, Chow disclaimed knowledge of the plaintiff’s capital
structure and shareholdings and averred that he only dealt with Justin as a
director of the plaintiff, as Justin was in charge of the plaintiff’s
electrical engineering works. Chow asserted that he dealt with Richard, Peter
and Bob as employees of the plaintiff. Chow stated he was unaware that Justin
ceased employment with the plaintiff on 30 June 2005 or that Justin was a
shareholder of the third defendant.

46 Chow denied he had acted in concert with the six defendants to defraud and
harm the plaintiff as alleged in the statement of claim. Chow averred that
although he paid the plaintiff`$75,000 on 4 January 2005, progress was slow on
the NH Glass project. Justin informed him in February 2005 that the plaintiff
was unable to complete the NH Glass project on time whereas the third
defendant could do so under Justin’s supervision. Justin requested that Chow
terminate the plaintiff’s contract and award the same to the third defendant.
Out of anxiety that the NH Glass project would be delayed, Chow averred that
he agreed to Justin’s request and issued the cancellation letter (which Justin
prepared) to the plaintiff. He trusted Justin totally. Chow stated he paid all
invoices issued to him by the third defendant.

47 I should point out that by an order of court dated 9 March 2009, the
plaintiff was ordered to provide security for costs of $60,000 to the six
defendants. By another order of this court on 22 September 2009 (after the
first part hearing in July 2009), the plaintiff was ordered to provide further
security of $40,000 for the costs of the defendants, making a total of
$100,000.

The evidence

The plaintiff’s case

48 Besides Lim (PW1), Cerasi (PW2) and Ronald (PW3), the plaintiff’s other
four witnesses were Lim’s wife (PW4), Lim’s son (PW7) as well as the
plaintiff’s auditor Sashi Kala Devi (“Devi”) (PW5) and one of its labour
supply subcontractors Joseph Lim Swee King (PW6). Each defendant testified for
his/her own case and in Justin’s case, he testified for the third defendant as
well. As for Chow, he appeared in person as his previous solicitors had
discharged themselves from acting for him before the trial. Chow revealed to
the court that he lacked the funds to pay for legal representation.

49 Lim was the key witness for the plaintiff. His AEIC was lengthy, his
exhibits voluminous and his cross-examination extended to almost three days.
His testimony was heavily criticised in the defendants’ closing submissions as
being neither credible nor truthful nor consistent with documents that were
before the court.

50 The other witness of the plaintiff who came in for equally strong criticism
by the defendants was Cerasi who was accused of disregarding his duties as an
independent expert under Order 40A of the Rules of Court (Cap 322, R 5, 2006
Rev Ed (“the Rules”). I shall consider the criticism against Cerasi when I
look at his testimony later. Meanwhile, I turn my attention to Lim’s evidence.

51 Having reviewed his testimony, I am of the view that the defendants’
criticism of Lim (PW1) was not unwarranted. He repeatedly claimed he could not
recall events (until he was admonished by the court), he prevaricated and
often contradicted himself in the course of cross-examination. Despite his
assertion that Ronald was neither a shareholder nor involved in the plaintiff
in any way, Lim could not satisfactorily explain why Ronald went to the extent
of filing an affidavit on the plaintiff’s behalf (on 4 February 2009 in
exhibit D2) to oppose the defendants’ application for security for costs. In
fact, Lim claimed that he did not even ask Ronald to file the affidavit nor
did he instruct the plaintiff’s solicitors to do so. It was only after
considerable pressing by the court that Lim admitted he had informed Ronald of
the contents of Justin’s affidavit filed in support of the application. His
explanation as to how Ronald was so well informed on the affairs of the
plaintiff as to be able to oppose the application was absurd – Lim claimed
that Ronald frequently visited the plaintiff’s premises to play with the dogs
and have meals there with the defendants who asked Ronald for his ideas.
Ronald thereby became familiar with the company’s financial affairs (see p 22
of the defendants’ submissions). Ronald’s explanation for his involvement in
the application was that he was pulled in by Lim because he was a good friend
of Lim. I should point out that this “good friend” of Lim’s went so far
(according to the defendants’ case) as to propose at the management meeting
held on 27 June 2005, that the plaintiff should cease operations with effect
from 30 June 2005 because it was heavily in debt.

52 Lim maintained his denial that Ronald attended any management meetings of
the plaintiff. He took the position that the minutes of such meetings prepared
by the second defendant reflecting Ronald and himself (named as John Lim) as
attendees were fabricated. These were for meetings that took place between 27
March 2004 and 27 June 2005. Ronald was recorded as having attended five out
of eight meetings in question. The defendants pointed out that Lim could not
offer any reason why the defendants would include Ronald in the meetings if
indeed he (as well as Lim) was not present. Ronald’s surmise that the
defendants bore a grudge against him because he did not want to give them his
project[note: 5] was only a guess as Ronald himself admitted.

53 The defendants pointed out that Lim’s claim that he was unaware of and did
not attend the management meeting on 27 June 2005[note: 6] was even less
credible because he referred to the same in his letter dated 29 June
2005[note: 7] terminating the employment of a staff member Zulkarnain Bin Said
where he said:

It is most unfortunate that we have to inform you that decisions have been
made to close the Engineering department during the management meeting with
effect from 30th JUNE 2005. The reasons due to slow down in business and the
company have to trim down its overhead.

We hereby, wish you best of luck for all your future ventures and hope that
you could acquire a suitable job within the shortest period of time.

Lim’s subsequent letters of termination addressed to the first to fifth
defendants (but not the third defendant) all dated 18 July 2005[note: 8] also
referred to 30 June 2005 as the termination date. The defendants submitted
that the words “during the management meeting” in para 1 of the above letter
could only have referred to the meeting held on 27 June 2005, as both the
minutes and the aforesaid letters referred to the same date _viz_ 30 June 2005
as being the last date of operations for the plaintiff’s engineering
department.

54 In their reply dated 18 July 2005[note: 9] to Lim’s termination notice,
Justin and Bob had pointed out the disruption to the plaintiff’s ongoing
projects and its exposure to liability if the plaintiff ceased operations on
30 June 2005. They reminded Lim that “at the Board Meeting on 27 June 2005,
the Board of Directors had decided that the Company’s operations were to
continue until the end of July 2005 in order for the on-going projects to be
completed”. Despite the reference to the management meeting on 27 June 2005 in
his own letters as well as in Justin’s and Bob’s letters, Lim maintained his
ignorance of the meeting. Neither did he question Justin or Bob on their
reference to the board meeting of 27 June 2005 in their reply to him.

55 Lim also claimed he did not know of the existence of the third defendant
until he engaged the services of I-Analysis. This denial was also challenged
by the defendants who pointed to Lim’s note dated 4 July 2005 (see above at
[27])[note: 10] to Justin (copied to Bob and Peter) where he said:

Please make the necessary arrangements for any future letters concerning your
company NOT to be sent to No. 4 Soon Lee Road (S) 628071.

Please redirect all your letters with immediate effect.

Confronted with the above document in cross-examination, Lim claimed[note: 11]
that the word “company” referred to SY Instrumentation and not to the third
defendant. When he was reminded by counsel for the defendants that in his own
AEIC (at para 10), Lim had deposed that SY Instrumentation was a failed
business of Justin’s, Lim’s (unconvincing) explanation was that he had
received letters and correspondence addressed to SY Instrumentation which,
when requested by counsel, he was unable to produce claiming he had handed
them to Justin. Pressed further by the court, Lim changed tack and said Justin
could well have registered the third company without operating it, despite the
clear words that Lim used in the note.

56 Lim however did agree that he refused to allow Justin to have sight of the
management accounts of either the plaintiff or SYEI because “they were not yet
prepared”.[note: 12] It is noteworthy that according to the defendants, Justin
had asked for the accounts at the management meeting on 13 August 2004 (which
Lim and Ronald denied attending). During cross-examination[note: 13], Lim had
three versions of when he was told of Justin’s request for accounts. First, he
said he knew it was at the meeting held on 13 August 2004 because Justin told
him about the meeting although he did not attend. Later, he said that he
learnt of the meeting subsequently from his staff Angie. His third version was
that Angie told him of Justin’s request for the accounts but without
mentioning any meeting.

57 The defendant submitted that the court should draw an adverse inference
against the plaintiff for not calling Angie to testify not only on this aspect
of the testimony, but also on the minutes of the meeting dated 3 June 2005
which set[note: 14] Theresa testified was not recorded by her[note: 15] but
was given to her by Angie. Theresa’s version of the minutes of the meeting was
also exhibited by the defendants. The significance of the minutes dated 3 June
2005 (be it Angie’s or Theresa’s version) was that it recorded Justin’s
request to rent space from the plaintiff. Lim had admitted there was such a
discussion but he claimed it took place at a coffee-shop and not at the
plaintiff’s premises. Leaving aside the venue of the discussion which is
inconsequential, Lim’s own evidence meant that the plaintiff was aware that
Justin was setting up a company to carry out mechanical engineering projects.
I should point out that Lim initially claimed that Angie had left the
plaintiff’s employment but retracted his testimony when counsel for the
defendants confronted him with the plaintiff’s letter dated 14 July 2005
wherein Justin, Theresa, Peter and Bob were directed to hand over all the
plaintiff’s documents to Angie.[note: 16]

58 Lim explained that he did not accept the April and May letters (see above
at [15]) (which he described as “suspicious” and “unauthentic’ in para 47 of
his AEIC) because Bob did not have his authorisation to issue those letters
although he agreed that Justin’s last day of employment was 30 June 2005. In
this regard, the defendants pointed out that Lim contradicted his own AEIC as
Lim had there (in para 46) deposed that Justin’s last day with the plaintiff
was 30 April 2005 and he had not agreed to an extension until 30 June 2005.

59 It would not be necessary to refer to other aspects of Lim’s testimony as
the extracts that were referred to above already cast grave doubts on his
credibility as a whole. I turn instead to the defendants’ case as well as the
case of Chow who, as will become evident later, was unwittingly sued merely
for awarding the NH Glass project to the plaintiff prior to issuing the
cancellation letter.

The defendants’ case

60 Richard corroborated Justin’s evidence that Bob had announced at a meeting
on 7 January 2004 that Lim wanted Justin to stop all jobs of the plaintiff
concerning the NH Glass project and that Justin should set up his own company.
Their testimony that Lim stopped paying the plaintiff’s suppliers and
contractors and this caused delay in the progress of the NH Glass project was
supported by Chow, who said the delay prompted him to issue the warning letter
on 1 April 2005 (see above at [35]). Because of Lim’s obstructive conduct,
Justin requested for the issuance of the cancellation letter with Chow’s
concurrence and arranged for the third defendant to continue work on the NH
Glass project which was eventually completed in October 2005.

61 In claiming the balance $225,000 for the NH Glass project, the defendants
submitted that the plaintiff was in effect claiming for 75% of the work which
it could not and did not do, due to its financial constraints and Lim’s
conduct.

62 The defendants pointed out that the third defendant not only assumed
liability for the job when it took over the NH Glass project but it also
assumed the obligation to pay liquidated damages for delays at 10% per diem of
the contract price, under its agreement dated 2 April 2005 with the seventh
defendant.

63 As for the plaintiff’s claim for purchase of materials totalling
$124,564.83 (referred to at [5] above), Justin explained that not all the
materials were used in the NH Glass project. Some were used in the SIS
project. However, as Richard who was in charge of the SIS project had handed
over all the plaintiff’s documents for the project, the defendants could not
say which proportion of the materials went into the two projects. Pointedly,
neither did the plaintiff produce any documents to support this claim.

64 In relation to the plaintiff’s claim for $20,000 which it alleged was
wrongly paid to the third defendant by the seventh defendant, the defendants
contended that this claim was baseless. The sum had nothing to do with the NH
Glass project as it was reimbursement by the plaintiff to Justin for payment
made to SLS, a subcontractor of the plaintiff, for the SIS project. SLS had
supplied $40,000 worth of labour to the plaintiff for the SIS project. The
evidence showed that the plaintiff made partial payment of $20,000 for the
labour supplied by a cheque in favour of SLS numbered 138896[note: 17] drawn
on United Overseas Bank.

65 It was Justin’s testimony[note: 18] that he borrowed the balance $20,000
due to SLS from Chow which sum the plaintiff reimbursed him on 28 March 2005.
It was also Justin’s evidence[note: 19] that the third defendant issued an
invoice dated 11 March 2005 for $20,000 to the seventh defendant at Chow’s
request and it was backdated. Justin’s evidence was corroborated by
Chow.[note: 20] Extrinsic evidence supporting Justin’s testimony was to be
found in a payment voucher of the plaintiff dated 28 March 2005 and the
plaintiff’s note to SLS dated 9 March 2005[note: 21] which SLS countersigned
as acknowledgment of payment of $20,000. In the plaintiff’s note, the word
“GLASS” denoting NH Glass had been cancelled and replaced with the word
“SUGAR” denoting SIS, while the handwritten number 10481 thereon was that of
the SIS project. Lim agreed with the defendants’ counsel that the corrections
were made by Richard. I should point out that the payment voucher contained
the reference number 10521 which was the job number for the NH Glass project.
Further, when cross-examined, Lim admitted that when SLS sued the plaintiff,
the latter proved it had paid $20,000 to SLS by tendering the payment voucher
as evidence. Consequently, the plaintiff implicitly accepted the defendants’
position on the payment voucher.

66 The defendants accused Lim of bad faith – Lim was well aware of the true
position and yet he chose to fabricate this frivolous claim. The defendants
pointed out that Lim relied on the third defendant’s invoice to the seventh
defendant dated 11 March 2005[note: 22] as well as the plaintiff’s payment
voucher dated 28 March 2005 but deliberately failed to disclose the
plaintiff’s note to SLS dated 9 March 2005 until the trial.

67 I shall deal with the last item of the plaintiff’s claim ($90,000) that was
allegedly received by the third defendant from Chow on 2 April 2005 vide OCBC
cheque no. 655735 when I consider the testimony of Chow (see below at [75]).

68 The final issue in the defendants’ case related to the controversial
minutes that Theresa prepared but which Lim and Ronald both disavowed. Theresa
performed administrative functions in the plaintiff’s organisation and her
duty _inter alia_ was to assist Justin, Bob and Peter with recording of
minutes of meetings, preparation of quotations and delivery orders. Like the
other individual defendants, Theresa’s employment was terminated by the
plaintiff on 30 June 2006. Although she had deposed in her AEIC that the
plaintiff failed to pay her salary for June 2006 as well as one month’s salary
in lieu of notice, Theresa informed the court that she was no longer pursuing
those claims.

69 Theresa testified that she had prepared all the minutes (save one) which
recorded the attendance of Lim and Ronald. These were for the meetings in (a),
(b),(c),(f), (g) and (h) below. Theresa also prepared the minutes of other
meetings. However, she did not attend the meeting in (e) but prepared the
minutes based on what Justin, who attended, reported to her. Theresa also
received from Angie a copy of the minutes the latter had prepared of the same
meeting:

(a) On 24 March 2004, Bob announced that Justin would run the plaintiff’s
administration department with immediate effect.

(b) On 13 August 2004[note: 23] Justin requested for the plaintiff’s accounts
and for the balance sheet to be produced at the end of each month; Angie said
the accounts department faced a heavy workload then. (This appeared to be the
excuse why Justin did not receive the accounts and balance sheet
subsequently).

(c) On 21 September 2004[note: 24] Ronald suggested that due to differences
between the staff, it was decided (presumably by him and Lim) that the
plaintiff and SYEI should be managed separately.

(d) On 7 January 2005[note: 25], Bob reported that Lim wanted him to inform
Justin that the latter should stop getting new orders from the plaintiff and
that Justin should set up his own company. Justin reported that no funds were
coming from the finance department to pay the plaintiff’s workers, contractors
and suppliers.

(e) On 28 January 2005[note: 26], Justin reported that Lim had expressed his
intention to stop all jobs relating to the NH Glass project. As the plaintiff
had collected a deposit, Justin felt the plaintiff had no choice but to
complete the fabrication works to cover the deposit. He suggested that the
seventh defendant take over the balance job.

(f) On 3 June 2005[note: 27], it was reported that Justin had tendered his
resignation on 31 March 2005 and his last day would be 30 April 2005. Bob
reported he would retain Justin and extend his stay until 30 June 2005 to
complete projects. Staff of Justin and Richard would have their services
terminated once the projects they worked on were completed. Justin would pay
rent for the plaintiff’s premises and would let the plaintiff know what rental
he would pay and the period of lease. Justin was not allowed to register his
company’s address at the plaintiff’s premises. His company’s business
dealings, his workers and subcontractors were not related in any way with the
plaintiff.

(g) On 22 June 2005[note: 28], Lim reported on the loans and overdraft owed by
the plaintiff to its bankers and said that the company had other creditors. He
and Ronald suggested selling the plaintiff’s premises. Lim suggested that
Justin rent a place elsewhere as the plaintiff’s premises may be sold off.

(h) On 27 June 2005[note: 29] Ronald reported that the plaintiff’s debts were
too heavy and it would cease operations on 30 June 2005. He proposed that the
plaintiff’s premises be sold to settle the bank’s loan. Lim and Ronald agreed
that Peter could continue doing the same business provided that a new company
was set up and it had no connection with the plaintiff. Lim and Ronald further
agreed that Peter could rent the plaintiff’s premises until the building was
sold.

70 In cross-examination, Theresa clarified that she attended shareholders’
meetings but never prepared the minutes. She further clarified that the
minutes of shareholders’ meetings were not recorded by her but by the company
secretary of the plaintiff; she prepared minutes of informal meetings or
directors’ meetings. Theresa maintained that the minutes she had recorded were
a true and accurate reflection of what took place at meetings that she
attended. Counsel for the plaintiff did not dispute that Therasa prepared the
minutes. Indeed, in the plaintiff’s closing submissions (at para 86),
Theresa’s minutes were relied on for the submission that they did not support
the defendants’ case. I believe Theresa’s minutes fairly represented what
transpired at meetings, notwithstanding the shortcomings in her grammar and
language. As for the minutes of the meeting held on 3 June 2005, the only
person who could disprove Theresa’s evidence that Angie prepared and handed
her a copy of the minutes would be the latter. However, the plaintiff chose
not to call Angie to testify, and did not offer any explanation that would
preclude the court from drawing an adverse inference by her absence.

71 It would not be necessary to refer to the testimony of the other defendants
as Richard, Peter and Bob essentially repeated and corroborated in parts, what
Justin alleged in his AEIC; they were not material witnesses. The additional
piece of evidence from Bob’s AEIC has already been set out earlier at [40].

The seventh defendant’s case

72 As stated earlier [48], Chow decided to act in person on 5 July 2008 which
was just eight days before this trial commenced. His previous solicitors had
not filed his AEIC before their discharge from acting for him. For the same
reason, Chow did not file any closing submissions. In the interests of
justice, Chow was allowed to give oral testimony and his examination-in-chief
was led by the court.

73 Chow (DW6) testified that he had never communicated with Lim for the NH
Glass project; he only dealt with Justin exclusively from the outset. Chow
added that his only interest was to finish the NH Glass project within the
three months’ deadline. Eventually, the project was completed in four months,
after an extension of one month was given by his employer. Chow said he
transferred the project to the third defendant at Justin’s request because he
was told by Justin (whom he trusted) that technical problems had occurred in
the plaintiff which would delay the project. Chow signed the cancellation
letter dated 31 March 2005 to cancel the purchase order (see above at [4])
which Justin accepted on the plaintiff’s behalf on 1 April 2005. Chow then
immediately accepted the third defendant’s offer letter dated 31 March 2005
(signed by Justin) to take over the NH Glass project as he had no other
alternative contractor; he was also under pressure from his employer coupled
with the threat of being liable for a penalty amounting to 10% of his
contract’s value of $400,000 if he did not complete the work in time.

74 According to Chow, it made little difference to him that the third
defendant took over the NH Glass project as Justin continued to supervise the
project. Even the third defendant’s address (at No. 4 Soon Lee Road) was the
same as the plaintiff’s. Chow thought the third defendant was a subsidiary of
the plaintiff. He pointed out that had he conspired with Justin as the
plaintiff alleged, he would have deducted his share of the alleged secret
profit before he paid the third defendant the balance 75% of the contract
value. Chow added that he would never betray the plaintiff or Lim. He agreed
with counsel for the defendants that as at 31 March 2005, the plaintiff had
completed around 25% of the NH Glass project equivalent to $75,000 in value.

75 As for the $90,000 claim of the plaintiff, Chow agreed that the third
defendant had rendered invoice numbered 238802/05 in that sum to the seventh
defendant on 17 March 2005[note: 30] as 30% of the progress payment for the NH
Glass project. Chow confirmed Justin’s earlier testimony[note: 31] that the
sum was actually a loan Chow had extended to the third defendant at Justin’s
request on or about 2 April 2005. This was corroborated by the seventh
defendant’s payment voucher.[note: 32] Chow agreed that the third defendant’s
said invoice had been backdated to 31 March 2005. The $90,000 payment was also
reflected in the third defendant’s invoice numbered 238808/05 dated 23 April
2005[note: 33] to the seventh defendant which contained the following
particulars:

Description |  Qty. |  Unit Price |  Amount  
---|---|---|---  
To supply and install Air Ducting For NH Techno Glass Factory Project |  1 |  S$225,000.00 |  S$225,000.00  
Less 1st progressive payment |  1 |  S$20,000.00 |  S$20,000.00  
Less 2nd progressive payment |  1 |  S$90,000.00 |  S$90,000.00  
|  |  Sub Total |  S$115,000.00  
|  |  Add 5% GST |   
|  |  |  S$115,000.00  
  
  

Chow concluded his testimony with his request to the court that the
plaintiff’s claim against him should be dismissed as he had nothing to do with
the dispute between the plaintiff and the defendants.

The expert testimony

76 As observed earlier (at [50]) the plaintiff’s expert’s testimony came in
for heavy criticism from the defendants in their closing submissions. I turn
my attention now to Cerasi’s evidence.

77 Cerasi (PW2), a digital computer forensic practitioner deposed in his AEIC
that he was tasked with investigating the activities of the defendants to
ascertain if they had committed any wrongdoings detrimental to the interests
of the plaintiff, even though he agreed with counsel for the defendants[note:
34] that such issues were not within his area of expertise. Notwithstanding
his admission in court, Cerasi’s report was replete with findings of
wrongdoings on the part of the six defendants, essentially adopting Lim’s/the
plaintiff’s allegations, thereby overstepping the boundaries of his
mandate/duties as set out under O 40A r 2 of the Rules; it states:

(1) It is the duty of an expert to assist the Court on the matters within his
expertise.

(2) This duty overrides any obligation to the person from whom he has received
instructions or by whom he is paid.

78 An example of Cerasi’s shortcoming was highlighted by the defendants.
Cerasi claimed (at paras 9, 10, 11 and 12 of his AEIC) that he was told that
the defendants had contacted the plaintiff’s customers (such as Hitachi Zosen)
to say that the third defendant was a subsidiary of the plaintiff and to
incorrectly inform customers like Temptech Pte Ltd) that the plaintiff’s
engineering department had closed and was operating as the third defendant.
Cerasi stated he was told that the defendants then transferred ownership of
the plaintiff’s account with its internet service provider as well as its
telephone and fax lines to the third defendant. Further, Cerasi said he was
also told that the defendants accepted the termination of the NH Glass project
and sent the third defendant’s quotations for the same project but used
materials purchased by the plaintiff for the same project. Such information
could only have been furnished by Lim. Cerasi accepted the allegations at face
value and failed to verify whether they were true.

79 Based on what Lim told him, Cerasi in his findings then set out all the
allegedly wrongful activities/wrongdoings of each and every individual
defendant as well as of other former employees of the plaintiff. For added
measure, he went on (in para 17 of his AEIC) to depose that these individuals
diverted business away from their employer to a new entity _viz_ the third
defendant to the detriment of the plaintiff. He then concluded that the
defendants had conspired to divert the NH Glass project to the third defendant
to the plaintiff’s detriment. He further echoed Lim’s suspicions that the
April and May letters signed by Bob were questionable.

80 Cerasi’s AEIC showed he obviously lacked impartiality and that his findings
went against the grain of O 40A r 2(2) of the Rules. Consequently, I reject
his testimony in toto.

The findings

81 The only issue for determination by this court is, did the defendants
(other than the third defendant) breach their fiduciary duties as directors
and/or their duties as employees of the plaintiff when Justin agreed with Chow
to terminate the PO and offered to take over the NH Glass project on the third
defendant’s behalf?

82 I had previously (at [51]) reviewed Lim’s testimony and concluded therefrom
that the defendants’ criticisms that he was an unreliable as well as an
untruthful witness were justified, in the light of Lim’s shifts in position,
the numerous inconsistencies in his oral testimony and his repeated
prevarications. Indeed, I disbelieve Lim’s testimony in its entirety.

83 Ronald fared no better than Lim as a witness. I am not persuaded he spoke
the truth when he claimed he had no interest in the plaintiff or in its
business. Ronald could not offer any plausible explanation why his being a
good friend of Lim but an outsider of the company warranted his regular
attendance at management and other meetings of the plaintiff and almost daily
visits to the plaintiff’s premises. I am satisfied from Theresa’s testimony
that she had accurately recorded the minutes of those meetings that showed
Lim’s and Ronald’s attendance, despite their denials (which I reject). I need
only to highlight three meetings, those held on 21 September 2004, 22 June
2005 and 27 June 2005. Why would an outsider like Ronald actively participate
at these meetings to say (on 21 September 2004) that the plaintiff and SYEI
should be managed separately and announce (at the June 2005 meetings) that the
plaintiff’s premises should be sold because the company’s debts were too
heavy?

84 I find that the defendants’ suspicions that Ronald was/is a major
shareholder of the plaintiff were not unfounded. In all likelihood, Ronald’s
shares in the plaintiff were/are held on trust for him by Lim who by all
accounts was beholden to Ronald. It was Ronald who was instrumental in
introducing Epson’s property to the plaintiff to purchase. That would explain
why Ronald would not want to register himself as a shareholder and appear in
the records of the Accounting and Regulatory Authority (“ACRA”). As an
employee of Epson, even if he did not have an employment or a service contract
(which is unlikely), he would still be in breach of his implied fidelity
duties by having other business interests, particularly if such interests
conflicted with his duties and responsibilities to Epson. First, Ronald had
introduced Epson’s property to the plaintiff to purchase at $700,000. Then,
the plaintiff sold the property for $1.8m. If he was/is a major shareholder of
the plaintiff as Justin and the other defendants alleged and which I suspect
is very likely, Ronald would obtain a substantial share of the profits.

85 I entertain no doubts on the veracity of the defendants’ testimony and that
of Justin in particular; their version of events was corroborated by Chow,
whom I found to be honest, forthright and a refreshing change from Lim and
Ronald.

86 Chow’s testimony (see above at [65] and [74]) in effect demolished the
plaintiff’s claims for $20,000 and $90,000 as they were loans that Chow
extended to Justin to help Justin pay subcontractors.

87 Before I address the plaintiff’s claims for $225,000 and $225,720 that were
paid to the third defendant for the NH Glass project, I need first to deal
with Lim’s professed claim that he was unaware of the existence of the third
defendant until he engaged the services of I-Analysis. Earlier (at [55]), I
had alluded to Lim’s note dated 4 June 2005 that strongly suggested that since
he was not only aware of the third defendant existence but also that it
operated at the plaintiff’s premises until the latter moved out, Lim’s
explanation that he meant SY Instrumentation when he referred to the “company”
is an untruth. My view is reinforced by his note[note: 35] dated 4 July 2005
to Theresa, copied to Bob and Peter that stated:

Further to our discussion, please take note of the following:-

1) Kindly make the necessary arrangement to inform your suppliers to bill
under your company with immediate effect from **01 July 2005**.

2) Regarding the two lorries **YJ6711T** and **YJ6127E** please inform us if
your company is interested in buying.

3) Kindly arrange to give termination letter to the staff as at **30/6/2005**
with immediate effect. Please let us a duplicate copy of the termination
letter.

4) Regarding rental of premises by Mr Peter Lim, please let us know your
rental charges.

5) Regarding Mr Justin Foo’s rental, what is the outcome of the payment?
Please let us know immediately.

88 In response to Lim’s note, Peter had sent Lim a memorandum on 5 July
2005[note: 36] where he wrote:

1 Decision has been made to purchase only YJ6711T

2 Confirmed renting of existing office, Spray Booth/machine workshop and
ground floor workshop at S$4000.00

3 Mr Justin Foo confirmed rental of workshop for the last one and a half month
with electricity until 15th of July at a total sum of S$3750. Please bill him
accordingly.

89 I make two observations on the above documents. First, Lim’s note and
Peter’s memorandum corroborated the minutes taken by Theresa of the two
meetings in June 2005 (see [69(g) and (h)]) which recorded that Lim and Ronald
intended to cease the plaintiff’s operations as of 30 June 2005. Otherwise,
why would the plaintiff terminate the services of all its staff and dispose of
its vehicles one of which (YJ6711T) was purchased by Peter? Evidence of
Peter’s purchase of the said vehicle for $20,000 is to be found in the
plaintiff’s tax invoice SYH1244 dated 28 September 2005.[note: 37] It is
damning evidence of Lim’s character that he did not disclose his note, Peter’s
memorandum or the tax invoice. Those documents either emanated from the
plaintiff or were in its possession. But it was the defendants who produced
them.

90 It is crystal clear from para 1 of Lim’s note that he must have known that
the defendants had a company that would take over the plaintiff’s projects.
Lim’s note also talked about Peter’s and Justin’s intention to rent space from
the plaintiff. Such conduct on the part of the duo is not consistent with the
plaintiff’s allegation that Justin and Theresa (the other director of the
third defendant) incorporated the third defendant and carried out its
operations surreptitiously at the plaintiff’s premises.

91 I should add that the plaintiff had novated its contract with SIS to
Automation Control Engineering Pte Ltd on 14 September 2005 and transferred
two projects to Peter on 28 July 2005 (see above at [32]). Such acts were
consistent with the defendants’ contention that Lim and Ronald wanted to close
down the plaintiff’s operation.

92 Contrary to the plaintiff’s closing submissions, I do not find that any of
the six defendants had breached their fiduciary duties (in the case of Justin
and Bob) and/or fidelity duties as employees (in the case of Theresa, Richard
and Peter) to the plaintiff. Neither do I accept that Peter, despite not being
a director of the plaintiff, behaved as and was accepted as one and should
similarly be held to owe fiduciary duties to the plaintiff, which he breached.
Further, I do not accept that the third or seventh defendants had participated
in any conspiracy with the other five defendants to cause harm to the
plaintiff or that the third or seventh defendants had dishonestly assisted in
any breach of fiduciary duties owed by the other defendants to the plaintiff.

93 The plaintiff’s submissions completely ignored the damning evidence
extracted from Lim in cross-examination and which was corroborated either by
his own correspondence or correspondence to him, and/or minutes of meetings
that clearly showed that:

(a) Lim (and Ronald) intended to close down the plaintiff’s operations;

(b) Lim indicated to them that Justin and/or Peter could/should start their
own company/companies to carry on the business of the plaintiff;

(c) Justin and/or Peter could rent space at the plaintiff’s premises for their
new company/companies at rents to be agreed, provided the new
company/companies had a different registered address from the plaintiff’s;

(d) Peter indicated to Lim that the third defendant would move out from the
plaintiff’s premises after one and a half months’ occupation;

(e) letters, correspondence and invoices of or to the third defendant were
received at/sent out from the plaintiff’s premises.

94 In its closing submissions, the plaintiff (at para 89) pointed out that the
minutes of the meeting held on 7 January 2005 stated that Lim wanted Justin to
stop getting new orders and to set up a new company, not that Justin was
permitted to set up a new company to take over the NH Glass project. Further,
the minutes of the meeting on 28 January 2005 showed that Justin himself
reported that the seventh defendant, not the third defendant, was to take over
the balance of the NH Glass project. Finally at the meeting on 3 June 2005,
nothing was said specifically about the NH Glass project. On the contrary, it
was reported that Justin was to continue all of his uncompleted projects (see
above at [69(e)]. The plaintiff therefore argued that there was no evidence to
suggest that the plaintiff consented to the third defendant’s taking over of
the NH Glass project.

95 The above submissions completely disregarded the factual matrix of the case
– as early as January 2005 (presumably after the PO dated 4 January 2005 was
issued). Lim (according to Bob) wanted Justin to stop getting new orders. The
NH Glass project was already in delay by March 2005 and by Lim’s own evidence,
he expected Justin to leave the plaintiff’s services by 30 April 2005 since he
had not authorised Bob to extend Justin’s employment until 30 June 2005. Who
then was to take over the NH Glass project after 30 April 2005 if not Justin’s
new company, the third defendant? The NH Glass project had always been under
the charge of Justin with Richard’s assistance.

96 I would add that the plaintiff’s contention that the defendants’ pleadings
had admitted to having breached their duties as employees of the plaintiff is
incorrect (see paras 32 and 172 of its submissions). By para 18 of their
common defence, the defendants admitted to paras 2 and 4 of the statement of
claim in relation to their fiduciary duties as directors and their duties as
employees respectively of the plaintiff, not that they had breached those
duties. It was the plaintiff’s fault in pleading in one and the same sentence
(in para 4 of the statement of claim) that the defendants owed duties as
employees of the plaintiff which they had breached, that caused the defendants
to make the inadvertent error of admitting to their duties as employees and to
the breach thereof.

97 I turn next to the plaintiff’s claim for $225,720. This comprised of
$20,000 and $90,000 allegedly received by Justin on the plaintiff’s behalf,
$115,000 allegedly received by the third defendant on the plaintiff’s behalf
and $720 invoiced by the third defendant to Chow on 15 April 2005 for glass
supplied to the NH Glass project which invoice was signed by Justin. Justin’s
evidence (corroborated by Chow) was that he had to borrow money from Chow
($110,000) to pay the plaintiff’s suppliers and subcontractors because of
Lim’s refusal to sign cheques to make payment. It is noteworthy that Lim
himself testified[note: 38] that he stopped payments to the plaintiff’s
workers, subcontractors and suppliers. At the meeting on 27 June 2005 (see
above at [69(h)]), Ronald had announced that the plaintiff was heavily in
debt. It was also in evidence that the plaintiff had been operating at a loss
for the years 2003 to 2005. Lim’s conduct had caused delay to the NH Glass
project. The plaintiff was at risk not only of having its services terminated
but also of having to pay damages for its delay in completing the project.
Justin who was in charge of the project took the pragmatic approach – he
persuaded Chow to terminate the plaintiff’s contract because Lim did not want
to continue with it and it was in delay; Justin took over the project
immediately in the name of the third defendant, assuming the plaintiff’s
liability, in order to complete the same, which was done in October 2005, well
after the plaintiff had ceased operations.

98 On the evidence, the transfer of the NH Glass to the third defendant was
known to and/or authorised by or acquiesced to by Lim. Yet he had the gall to
turn around and sue Justin, the third defendant and the other defendants for
conspiracy and to claim the balance 75% value of the NH Glass project
totalling $225,000 ($300,000 x 75%). To allow the plaintiff to recover
$225,000 and/or $225,720 for work it did not and could not carry out on the NH
Glass project would be to unjustly enrich the plaintiff at the third
defendant’s expense.

99 I disbelieve Lim’s claim that the plaintiff had expended $124,564.83 in
purchasing materials for the NH Glass project. Rather, I accept Richard’s
evidence that not all the materials were used in the NH Glass project as part
thereof went into the SIS project. Richard also testified that he was unable
to ascertain the proportion of materials used in the two projects because he
had handed all the documents over to the plaintiff. As the plaintiff failed to
produce documents to substantiate its claim that all the materials went into
the NH Glass project, I am dismissing it without more.

100 I would add that Lim’s allegation that the five individual defendants
removed the hard disks from the computer systems in the plaintiff’s office is
a complete fabrication.

Conclusion

101 In the light of the evidence adduced in court, I have no hesitation in
finding that the plaintiff’s various heads of claim are completely
unmeritorious. I agree with the defendants that the plaintiff’s action was
instituted in bad faith undoubtedly by Lim and/or Ronald with the motive of
denying the plaintiff’s other shareholders _viz_ Justin and Bob (through his
shareholding in SYEI which is the third shareholder of the plaintiff) of any
share in the sale proceeds of the plaintiff’s premises. To-date, in breach of
his director’s duties, Lim has failed to account for the sale proceeds. There
was no conspiracy between the defendants to cause harm to the plaintiff as
alleged or at all.

102 For added measure, Lim and/or Ronald added Chow as the seventh defendant
to this suit when Chow was an innocent party whose only fault was to award the
NH Glass project to the plaintiff and subsequently to the third defendant,
because he knew that Justin was capable of doing the work required.

103 Consequently, the plaintiff’s action is dismissed with costs to all seven
defendants to be taxed on a standard basis unless otherwise agreed.

* * *

[note: 1]AB276

[note: 2]AB293

[note: 3]AB361

[note: 4]AB 232

[note: 5]N/E 276-277

[note: 6]See minutes at DB26

[note: 7]at AB320

[note: 8]See AB361-364

[note: 9]AB1160

[note: 10]AB347

[note: 11]N/E 96

[note: 12]N/E 44

[note: 13]N/E 39-40

[note: 14]DB24A

[note: 15]her version is at DB23

[note: 16]N/E 55

[note: 17]exhibit P3

[note: 18]N/E 358

[note: 19]N/E 401

[note: 20]N/E782

[note: 21]see exhibit P5

[note: 22]AB138

[note: 23]DB18

[note: 24]DB20

[note: 25]DB21

[note: 26]DB22

[note: 27]DB24A

[note: 28]DB25

[note: 29]DB26

[note: 30]AB164

[note: 31]N/E 402

[note: 32]AB237

[note: 33]AB274

[note: 34]N/E 210

[note: 35]DB4

[note: 36]DB3

[note: 37]see exhibit LDL-8 p 45 in Peter’s AEIC

[note: 38]N/E45

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 29 Jun 2010 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

