Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Tam Chee Chong and another _v_ DBS Bank Ltd  
[2010] SGHC 331

Case Number| :| Originating Summons No 707 of 2009  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 18 November 2010  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Andrew Ang J  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Sarjit Singh Gill SC, Pradeep Pillai and Zhang Xiaowei
(Shook Lin & Bok LLP) for the plaintiffs; Ashok Kumar, Kevin Kwek and Linda
Esther Foo (Stamford Law Corporation) for the defendant.  
Parties| :|  Tam Chee Chong and another — DBS Bank Ltd  
  
18 November 2010| Judgment reserved.  
---|---  
  
Andrew Ang J:

Introduction

1 This case concerns an action by Tam Chee Chong and Keoy Soo Earn (“the
plaintiffs”) to set aside a charge given by Jurong Hi-Tech Industries Pte Ltd
(under judicial management) (“JHTI”) over certain shares to DBS Bank Ltd (“the
defendant”) on the grounds that the charge constituted an unfair preference
under s 227T of the Companies Act (Cap 50, 2006 Rev Ed) (“the Companies Act”).

2 JHTI is a wholly-owned subsidiary of Jurong Technologies Industrial
Corporation Ltd (under judicial management) (“JTIC”), the latter of which is
an investment holding company. JHTI and JTIC (“the Companies”) were placed
under judicial management by orders of court on 20 February 2009. The
plaintiffs were appointed as judicial managers of the Companies and it is in
that capacity that they bring this action.

The background

3 Sometime in the last quarter of 2006, the defendant approached JTIC with an
offer of banking facilities. Yeo Pek Heng (“Yeo”), a director of JTIC and
JHTI, informed the defendant that the facilities from the other banks, such as
ABN AMRO Bank NV (“ABN AMRO”), Bank of Tokyo-Mitsubishi UFJ (“BTMU”), Malayan
Banking Berhad (“Maybank”), Oversea-Chinese Banking Corporation Ltd (“OCBC”),
Rabobank International Singapore Branch (“Rabobank”), RHB Bank Berhad (“RHB”)
and United Overseas Bank Ltd (“UOB”) were all unsecured but that each of the
banks had been given a negative pledge and a _pari passu_ undertaking. The
defendant was willing to lend on a similar basis.

4 By a letter of offer dated 27 December 2006, the defendant granted banking
facilities to the Companies, jointly and severally. The banking facilities
were revised and supplemented with additional banking facilities over the next
few years. Each of the defendant’s letters of offer provided that the
facilities granted to the Companies were unsecured and contained the
additional negative pledge and _pari passu_ clauses similar to those on which
facilities were granted to the Companies by the other banks.

5 When Ms Lin Li Fang, then already a director of both JTIC and JHTI, took
over as chairperson of the JTIC group of companies (“the Group”) in March
2008, she was concerned about the high debt level of the Group and considered
it a priority to “monetise” the assets of the Group and to pay down the loans
outstanding to the banks.

6 Thereafter, Dr Chung Siang Joon (“Dr Chung”), executive director of finance
of JTIC, and Yeo gave similar presentations to the defendant and each of the
other banks (_ie_ , ABN AMRO, KBC and KBC Bank NV (“KBC”), Maybank, Rabobank,
RHB, Sumitomo Mitsui Banking Corporation (“SMBC”), OCBC and UOB) separately,
where they stated that some of the Companies’ assets would be sold to pay down
the loans from the banks. Those assets included the Electronic Manufacturing
Services business, shares in MAP Technology Holdings Ltd (“MAP Shares”) as
well as shares in Min Aik Technology Co Ltd (“Min Aik Shares”).

7 The defendant’s willingness to provide funding to the Companies when so
requested can be seen from several episodes. In May 2008, JTIC was interested
in acquiring a 100% stake in Priver Electric (BVI) Co Ltd (“Priver”) – a
company incorporated in the British Virgin Islands. Dr Chung, Yeo and Lin
approached the defendant for a short term loan of S$5m for the acquisition
(“the 1st Ad Hoc Short Term Loan”). The defendant agreed and disbursed the
loan pursuant to the drawdown notice issued by the Companies dated 2 July
2008.

8 Another noteworthy instance to illustrate how the defendant was more helpful
to the Companies than the other banks occurred in July 2008. ABN AMRO Bank had
wanted to reduce the amount of the standby letter of credit (“SBLC”) facility
it had granted to JHTI’s wholly owned subsidiary in Brazil – JHT Industrial
Jaguariuna Ltda. The Companies approached Rabobank, UOB and the defendant to
take over the SBLC facility but only the defendant agreed to do so. The
defendant granted the Companies an SBLC facility of US$1.5m on 14 July 2008
which was subsequently increased to US$2m on 15 September 2008.

9 Yet another example of the defendant’s assisting to the Companies is as
follows. At JTIC’s annual general meeting on 30 April 2008, JTIC announced a
dividend payment of $0.01 per share. The dividend was to be paid by end
September 2008, but JTIC did not have the funds to pay it. Dr Chung, Yeo and
Ms Lin approached the defendant for another short term loan of S$10m. The
defendant approved a loan of S$7.5m (“the 2nd Ad Hoc Short Term Loan” and
collectively with the 1st Ad Hoc Short Term Loan, the “Ad Hoc Short Term
Loans”), of which S$6m was disbursed on 26 September 2008 and a further S$0.5m
on 29 September 2008 pursuant to drawdown notices issued by the Companies.

10 By 14 January 2009, the Companies owed the defendant, its largest creditor,
approximately S$30m and US$44m.

11 In June 2008, ABN AMRO requested that the Companies provide an undertaking
to physically deposit the approximately 18 million shares in MAP Technology
Holdings Ltd (“MAP”) that the Companies owned with ABN AMRO by 1 July 2008 in
consideration for ABN AMRO not recalling the facilities and proposing new
repayment terms. The Companies agreed and a letter of undertaking dated 30
June 2008 was furnished by JTIC to ABN AMRO. The Companies also physically
deposited the non-tradeable share certificate representing approximately 18
million shares in MAP with ABN AMRO. Incidentally, the shares in question were
subject to a sale moratorium until 28 July 2008.

12 On 1 July 2008, Dr Chung informed the defendant that JTIC held 18.8 million
shares in MAP which were subject to the sale moratorium as described above. Dr
Chung also stated that the shares might be sold to repay the 1st Ad Hoc Short
Term Loan. This was somewhat inaccurate as there were in fact 18,661,620
shares, and they were held in the name of JHTI not JTIC.

13 Upon the expiry of the moratorium period, ABN AMRO returned the share
certificate to JHTI so that the shares could be converted to scripless shares.
JHTI also obtained additional shares in MAP from the sale by JTIC of two
related companies to MAP.

14 In August and September 2008, ABN AMRO requested that the scripless shares
in MAP be transferred to its nominees account, apparently without change of
beneficial ownership, but Dr Chung refused the request as he was aware of the
negative pledge and _pari passu_ clause given by the Companies to the banks.
This was despite ABN AMRO threatening to accelerate repayment by making a
formal demand.

15 On or about 17 September 2008, the defendant gave JTIC an introduction to
DBS Nominees so that JHTI could appoint DBS Nominees as custodian for the
shares in MAP. The custody account was duly opened.

16 From September to November 2008, JHTI found it difficult to pay amounts due
on the loans it had taken out. The defendant and other banks that had extended
loans to JHTI were pressing the Companies for payment of overdue amounts.
However, JHTI was unable to make payment of the outstanding amounts in full.
JHTI told its bank creditors, including the defendant, that it would repay the
facilities using the proceeds from the sale of the shares in MAP, the sale of
the shares in Min Aik Technology Co Ltd and the sale (“the GEM Deal”) of the
Electronic Manufacturing Services business to the Global Emerging Markets
Group. During this period, trade creditors were also demanding payment of
invoices from JHTI.

17 JHTI did make some payments to the banks, however. All the banks, including
the defendant, had received some payments from JHTI from September to November
2008. The defendant had received US$300,000 and US$600,000 on 24 October 2008
and 31 October 2008. However, these payments were made in the ordinary course
of business from trade receivables or by drawing on credit lines and not from
the disposal of assets.

18 The defendant’s requests for payment in September 2008 were merely in
relation to the Companies’ overdue trade bills. After the 2nd Ad Hoc Short
Term Loan was disbursed on 26 September 2008, the defendant requested
repayment of the 1st Ad Hoc Short Term Loan.

19 The 1st Ad Hoc Short Term Loan was originally due on 1 August 2008. Of this
amount, S$2.5m was repaid in August and September 2008 with the balance rolled
over. Despite the 1st Ad Hoc Short Term Loan not being fully repaid, the 2nd
Ad Hoc Short Term Loan was nonetheless disbursed. When the Companies failed to
repay the 2nd Ad Hoc Short Term Loan upon its maturity on 10 October 2008,
this loan too was rolled over.

20 Even though the defendant was requesting the Companies to make payment of
their overdue trade bills and the balance of the Ad Hoc Short Term Loans
during this period, the relationship between the defendant and the Companies
remained cordial. Ms Lin said she did not feel pressured by the defendant’s
requests, especially since the other banks were also asking the Companies for
repayment. Moreover, the defendant did not make any formal demand for payment
until 14 January 2009, as discussed below.

21 On 10 October 2008, the defendant offered to assist the Companies by
providing a US$8.5m account receivables facility to the Companies. The
defendant issued a letter of offer for this facility on 4 November 2008 but
the Companies did not accept it. Unbeknown to the defendant, accounts
receivable financing had already been arranged with Rabobank.

22 Ms Khua Soh Teng Pansy (“Ms Khua”), a vice-president of the defendant’s
Institutional Banking Group, sent an e-mail to the Companies on 17 October
2008 seeking their settlement instructions “ _immediately_ ” in respect of
several overdue trade bills.

23 Further to instructions given by Ms Tan Ee Lee (“Ms Tan”), the defendant’s
managing director of the Institutional Banking Group, Ms Khua impressed upon
Ms Lin during a meeting on 17 October 2008 at the defendant’s offices that the
Companies’ failure to meet their repayment obligations constituted an event of
default which entitled the defendant to recall the banking facilities.

24 Ms Khua followed up with an e-mail to the Companies dated 20 October 2008
(the Monday after the meeting on Friday 17 October 2008) reiterating that
there was an _event of default_ under the banking facilities and that _the
defendant reserved all the rights against the Companies_. It will be observed,
however, that the defendant stopped short of threatening to call default.

25 On 29 October 2008, Ms Khua sent an e-mail which set the date 14 November
2008 for the repayment of the amounts outstanding under the Ad Hoc Short Term
Loans. Ms Khua also noted that repayment was supposed to be from proceeds of
sale of the MAP Shares.

26 By this time, _ie_ , 29 October 2008, S$2.5m was due under the 1st Ad Hoc
Short Term Loan, S$6.5m was due under the 2nd Ad Hoc Short Term loan and,
approximately, US$4.2m and S$700,000 were due under the main banking
facilities. Ms Khua and Terry Law (“Law”), who was then a deputy manager in
the Institutional Banking Group of the defendant, had voiced their displeasure
over the Companies’ conduct and were pressing for repayment of all
outstandings. In view of the outstanding amount due from the Companies, Ms Tan
noted that this was “extremely worrying” and instructed Ms Khua to “push [the
Companies] hard for all overdues and excesses to be settled”. Internally, Law
was also being pressured by Ms Tan to push the Companies to make repayment. In
Law’s words:

I guess the build-up [to taking the Charge on 13 November 2008] of this case
is also crucial that we [_ie_ , Ms Khua and Law] had to do something to
actually get back to _my boss, who was breathing down my neck all the time_ ,
at that point of time, so ... we were already chasing for payments, ...
[emphasis added]

27 The defendant subsequently extended the 14 November 2008 repayment date by
two weeks. According to the defendant, it had only agreed to extend the
repayment of the Ad Hoc Short Term Loans by two weeks because JHTI had
extended the charge in question (discussed below at [31]) to the defendant.
However, the defendant did not inform JHTI of the extension. The defendant
also continued to press JHTI for repayment during the extension period. From
14 November 2008 onwards, Yeo (not knowing that internal approval had been
obtained by the defendant for a two-week extension) made several requests for
the defendant to extend the repayment deadline of the Ad Hoc Short Term Loans;
each time, the deadline was extended by one or a few days. The defendant
continued to grant rollovers of the Ad Hoc Short Term Loans even after the
two-week extension period had expired. The defendant continued to rollover the
Ad Hoc Short Term Loans until it was ready to recall the facilities and issued
a letter of demand on 14 January 2009. As for the Companies’ longer term loans
with the defendant, the deadline for payment had already been extended in the
months of May to August 2008 to much later dates in the months of November to
February 2009.

28 Besides the defendant, other banks such as ABN AMRO, Rabobank and SMBC were
also granting rollovers to the Companies whilst simultaneously demanding
repayment.

29 Sometime in November 2008, Richard Lee of Rabobank asked Ms Lin to place
the shares in MAP in an “escrow account” with Rabobank. Ms Lin told him that
this could not be done.

30 Some banks eventually began to demand payment of all amounts outstanding.
On 7 November 2008, KBC served a letter of demand on the Companies calling
default and declaring that all amounts due under the banking facilities were
immediately due and payable. On 13 November 2008, Rabobank issued a letter to
the Companies which, _inter alia_ , requested that the Companies make payment
of any and all sums currently due and outstanding.

31 It is against this background that the charge in question was granted. On
13 November 2008, Ms Lin received a call from Ms Khua, to go to the
defendant’s office. There, she was informed that the defendant wanted a charge
over the MAP shares owned by JHTI, Ms Lin agreed and signed the Security
Memorandum granting the defendant a charge (“the Charge”) over the MAP Shares
and arranged for the common seal of JHTI to be affixed thereafter in the
presence of Dr Chung and Yeo. Particulars of the charge were lodged for
registration with the Accounting and Corporate Regulatory Authority on 10
December 2008.

32 It bears pointing out that at the time the Charge was granted no new loans
were extended to the Companies. Nor were new loans extended by the defendant
after the grant of the Charge. Regarding the taking of the Charge, it is
interesting to note from an entry in a draft of a memorandum dated 17 November
2008 prepared within the defendant (between Ms Khua and Law each of whom
pointed to the other as being the author of the said entry) that the defendant
was taking the Charge “for whatever it [was] worth” and would then seek legal
advice on the defendant’s rights.

33 Subsequently, the Companies received letters of demand from ABN AMRO, BTMU,
Maybank, Rabobank and OCBC. The defendant too eventually sent a letter of
demand on 14 January 2009 to the Companies, demanding immediate repayment of
amounts outstanding. As mentioned above, the Companies were placed under
judicial management on 20 February 2009. I do not make much of the fact that
it was upon the application of the defendant that the judicial managers were
appointed. The writing was already on the wall. If they had not done so,
another of the creditors would have applied either for JHTI to be wound up or
for judicial managers to be appointed.

34 The plaintiffs thereafter commenced this action, seeking to set aside the
Charge on the ground that the Charge constituted an unfair preference under s
227T of the Companies Act.

The relevant legal principles

35 The relevant legal principles are as follows. Section 227T(1) of the
Companies Act provides that a charge on property made by a company shall, in
the event of the company being placed under judicial management, be void
against the judicial manager, if the charge is such that had it been made by a
natural person, it would in the event of his becoming bankrupt be void as
against the Official Assignee under ss 98, 99 or 103 of the Bankruptcy Act
(Cap 20, 2000 Rev Ed) (“the BA”) read with ss 100, 101 and 102 thereof.
Section 227T(2) of the Companies Act provides:

For the purposes of subsection (1), the date that corresponds with the date of
the application for a bankruptcy order in the case of a natural person and the
date on which a person is adjudged bankrupt is the date on which an
application for a judicial management order is made.

36 Of the several provisions of the BA made applicable through s 227T of the
Companies Act, the provision that is of most relevance to the present
proceedings is s 99, which deals with unfair preference. Section 99(1) reads:

Subject to this section and sections 100 and 102, where an individual is
adjudged bankrupt and he has, at the relevant time (as defined in section
100), given an unfair preference to any person, the Official Assignee may
apply to the court for an order under this section.

Section 99(3) states that an individual gives an unfair preference to a person
when:

(a) that person is one of the individual’s creditors or a surety or guarantor
for any of his debts or other liabilities; and

(b) the individual does anything or suffers anything to be done which (in
either case) has the effect of putting that person into a position which, in
the event of the individual’s bankruptcy, will be better than the position he
would have been in if that thing had not been done.

A finding that there was an unfair preference shall not be made unless the
individual who gave the preference was influenced in deciding to give it by a
desire to produce in relation to that person the effect mentioned in s
99(3)(b): s 99(4) of the BA.

37 As for the period of time during which unfair preferences are caught by ss
99 of the BA, s 100(1) of the BA (read with s 227T(1) of the Companies Act)
provides that the time at which an individual gives an unfair preference shall
be a relevant time if the preference is given within the period of six months
ending on the date of the application for the judicial management order.
Section 100(2) of the BA provides that the time period referred to above shall
not be a relevant time period unless the individual:

(a) is insolvent at that time; or

(b) becomes insolvent in consequence of the transaction or preference.

38 The aforementioned provisions can be summarised as follows. In order for
the granting of the Charge to be impugned as being an unfair preference, it
must be shown that:

(a) the defendant was a creditor of JHTI;

(b) the granting of the Charge put the defendant in a better position than it
would otherwise have been in in the event of JHTI’s insolvency;

(c) in granting the Charge, JHTI was influenced by a desire to prefer the
defendant, _ie_ , to put the defendant in a better position than it would
otherwise been in in the event of JHTI’s insolvency;

(d) The Charge was granted to the defendant within a period of six months
prior to the date of the application for the judicial management order; and

(e) JHTI was either insolvent at the time the Charge was granted or became
insolvent as a result of the granting of the Charge.

The parties did not dispute that the criteria in (a), (b) and (d) above were
satisfied. Therefore, the key issues at trial concerned (c) and (e). I shall
address these in turn.

Was JHTI influenced by a desire to prefer the defendant?

39 Section 99 – the provision in the BA dealing with unfair preferences – was
enacted in 1995 and is similar to s 239 of the Insolvency Act 1986 of the
United Kingdom, which introduced several changes to the law of the United
Kingdom: Kan Ting Chiu J in _Re Libra Industries Pte Ltd (in compulsory
liquidation)_ [1999] 3 SLR(R) 205 (“ _Re Libra_ ”), at [36]. Millett J
discussed, in great detail, the changes brought about by the new law in the
English decision _Re MC Bacon Ltd_ [1990] BCLC 324 (“ _Re Bacon_ ”), which was
cited with approval in _Re Libra_ , at [36]–[38], and _Amrae Benchuan Trading
Pte Ltd (in liquidation) v Tan Te Teck Gregory_ [2006] 4 SLR(R) 969) at
[45]–[51]. The provision we are concerned with here is s 99(4) of the BA,
wherein the requirement for the requisite desire to have influenced the
granting of the charge can be found. In speaking of the English equivalent to
s 99(4) of the BA, Millett J stated, at 335, that:

... It is no longer necessary to establish a _dominant_ intention to prefer.
It is sufficient that the decision was _influenced_ by the requisite desire.
That is the first change. The second is that it is no longer sufficient to
establish an _intention_ to prefer. There must be a _desire_ to produce the
effect mentioned in the subsection. [emphasis in original]

40 Millett J then continued to elaborate on the difference between “intention”
and “desire” at 335:

... Intention is objective, desire is subjective. A man can choose the lesser
of two evils without desiring either.

And at 336:

... Under the new regime a transaction will not be set aside as a voidable
preference unless the company positively wished to improve the creditor’s
position in the event of its own insolvent liquidation.

However, foreseeing the difficulty involved in proving desire, Millett J
insightfully added, at 336, that:

There is, of course, no need for there to be direct evidence of the requisite
desire. Its existence may be inferred from the circumstances of the case just
as the dominant intention could be inferred under the old law. But the mere
presence of the requisite desire will not be sufficient by itself. It must
have influenced the decision to enter into the transaction. ...

That does not mean that the requisite desire must have been the factor that
“tipped the scales”; that would, in the considered opinion of Millett J, be
too high a standard. Rather, the requirement is “satisfied if it was one of
the factors which operated on the minds of those who made the decision”: _Re
Bacon_ , at 336.

41 _Re Bacon_ was followed in the English decision of _Re Fairway Magazines
Ltd_ [1993] BCLC 643. That case concerned the question whether a debenture
granted by a company was a voidable preference. Mummery J stated, at 649,
that:

… it does not follow that, because there was a desire to grant the debenture
or to make the payment, there was a desire to prefer the creditor in the event
of insolvency. If the company is influenced by ‘proper commercial
considerations’ and not by a ‘positive wish to improve the creditor’s position
in the event of its insolvent liquidation’, then the debenture will be valid.
If a desire to prefer is present, however, it is sufficient that it influences
the decision. It does not have to be the sole or decisive influence on the
decision.

42 Therefore, if a company is influenced by “proper commercial considerations”
and not a desire to improve the creditor’s position, the security interest
granted will not be regarded as a voidable preference. However, it is crucial
to note that this is only the case where there is no “positive wish” to
improve the creditor’s position; if such a desire to prefer is present and
influences the decision, even if it did not “tip the scales” or dictate the
decision, that suffices for the purposes of s 99 of the BA.

43 Turning then to the facts at hand, there is more than ample evidence that
in granting the Charge, JHTI desired putting the defendant in a better
position than it would otherwise have been in and that this desire influenced
the granting of the Charge. Ms Lin stated in her first affidavit, filed on 22
June 2009, that she was willing to sign the Security Memorandum to grant the
Charge as the defendant had helped the Companies by granting the Companies
short term loans when no other bank was willing to do so, and the defendant
had been very supportive of the Companies. She further stated in her second
affidavit, filed on 27 August 2009, that the “fact that DBS wanted to provide
financing to the Companies even in November 2008 made me feel that DBS was
very supportive of the Companies, and this support contributed to my decision
to give the Charge to DBS”.

44 Ms Lin also testified, on re-examination, that JHTI had granted the Charge
to the defendant as the defendant was supportive in extending facilities to
JHTI when other banks were unwilling to:

Q:My learned friend referred you to the paragraph in your affidavit, and he
put it to you that therefore, when you say in paragraph 2.6.1 that ‘DBS was
supportive of the companies’ and that is why you gave the charge, that is a
false statement.

A:I do not agree.

Q:He says that. Can you explain to the court what you meant by supportive?

A:Okay.

Q:They used the word ‘supportive’ in the affidavit.

A:‘Supportive’ means during the -- July, there was a 5 million I needed for
the M&A to acquire Priver, so they give it to us, the 5 million drawdown, and
then there is another in September, we supposed to have the dividend paid,
it’s 6 million, I think they also have drawn down.

And then they also helped us on the SBLC, which was 1.5, later they upgrade to
US$2 million SBLC, where, I think -- which bank doesn’t want to continue. So
DBS help us where other banks doesn’t want to continue.

45 It was difficult at time to understand Ms Lin’s testimony owing to her
command of the English language. She also suffered from memory lapses at
several junctures. Nevertheless, I was satisfied that her testimony was
credible and reliable with respect to the underlying reason for the granting
of the Charge: namely, that the defendant had been very supportive of the
Companies in the past.

46 Ms Lin’s reason for granting the Charge was supported by others at the
Companies. Dr Chung and Yeo stated in their affidavits that they supported Ms
Lin’s decision to grant the Charge to the defendant as they felt that the
defendant had been very supportive of the Companies in the past in granting
them short term loans when no other bank was willing to do so.

47 This is supported too by the circumstantial evidence. JHTI had told its
bank creditors that it would be raising funds through the sale of various
assets. However, JHTI eventually chose to grant the Charge to the defendant
only. The other banks exerted as much, if not more, pressure on the Companies
(above at [30]), yet the Charge was granted to the defendant. Indeed, Ms Khua
admitted that the pressure exerted by KBC was greater than that exerted by the
defendant as KBC had issued a formal letter of demand. Prior to 13 November
2008, there was no indication that the defendant had approved the recall of
facilities to JHTI. Furthermore, no new facilities were granted or disbursed
to the Companies as a result of the granting of the Charge. Although the
defendant alleged that the Charge was granted by JHTI in exchange for a two-
week extension for payment, this was not conveyed to the Companies. In any
event, it is questionable that a two-week extension would have constituted a
proper commercial consideration, given JHTI’s dire situation (discussed
further below at [52]). There were, therefore, no valid commercial reasons for
JHTI to grant the Charge to the defendant. Thus, there was clearly a desire to
prefer the defendant that influenced the granting of the Charge.

48 The case of _Re Sweetmart Garment Works Ltd (in liquidation)_ [2008] 2
HKLRD 92 (“ _Re Sweetmart_ ”) referred to by counsel for the plaintiffs, Mr
Sarjit Singh Gill SC, is pertinent. A decision of the Hong Kong Court of First
Instance, it concerned an application by the liquidators of a company to set
aside a mortgage granted by the company over a pleasure craft owned by it to a
creditor bank (“the Bank”) as an unfair preference within the meaning of s 50
of the Bankruptcy Ordinance. Section 50 of the Bankruptcy Ordinance is _in
pari materia_ with s 99 of the BA. The Bank had sent various e-mails chasing
the company to settle its outstanding facilities – but these were in vain. The
Bank then threatened that the consequences of failure to make payment would be
“serious”. One of its correspondence included a threat to issue a letter of
demand on the company. This was compared to the action taken by several other
creditor banks, who had all served formal letters of demand on the company.

49 The court in _Re Sweetmart_ held (at [29]) that the steps taken by the
other banks were “more concrete, more serious, and instituted much more
promptly” than those threatened by the Bank. Furthermore, the court held (at
[30]) that given the company’s disastrous financial position, it could not
have thought that it would be able to carry on business for any decent length
of time so as to benefit from maintaining its relationship with the Bank.

50 Similarly, in the case at hand, the pressure exerted by the defendant pales
in comparison with that exerted by the other banks that had already sent the
Companies formal letters of demand (above at [30]). As for the defendant’s
attempts to justify the grant of the Charge as being based on commercial
reasons, the reasoning in _Re Sweetmart_ is apropos: given JHTI’s overall
indebtedness and the letters of demand that had been served on JHTI up to that
point, JHTI could not possibly have envisaged carrying on its business for any
decent length of time even if it had managed to avoid having the defendant
issue a letter of demand.

51 Counsel for the defendant, Mr Ashok Kumar, made several arguments. First,
he argued that the Charge was granted in order to avert the defendant
recalling its facilities and allow the Companies to pursue and close the GEM
Deal. (Ms Lin had testified that this deal, had it closed, would have possibly
brought in US$160m for the Companies.) The GEM Deal would have been scuttled
if the defendant had issued a letter of demand; thus, the Company was
influenced by proper commercial considerations in granting the Charge.
Furthermore, KBC, one of the two creditors that had served a letter of demand
prior to the granting of the Charge, had agreed to a standstill arrangement
with the Companies and not to do anything until the GEM Deal had carried
through. It emerged at trial that the letter of demand from the other
creditor, Rabobank, was never received by the Companies.

52 However, this contention was untenable. Realistically, it could not have
been a proper commercial consideration to grant the Charge with a view to
averting a declaration of default by the defendant when the Companies were
heavily indebted to many other banks at the same time. JHTI could not possibly
have expected them to wait patiently while the GEM Deal was pursued, and
especially not after letters of demand had already been issued – much less
after finding out about the Charge.

53 On cross-examination, Ms Khua agreed with counsel for the plaintiffs that
if the other banks had found out about the Charge, the GEM Deal could not
close. It may have been the case that KBC was willing to hold off until the
closing of the GEM Deal; but that did not mean that the other creditors,
Rabobank included, would have been willing to do so as well. Moreover, once
the other creditors discovered that the defendant had been given the Charge,
they would have applied either to wind up the company or to place it under
judicial management so as to preserve their right to impugn the preference. In
fact, it was only after the defendant had lodged the Charge for registration
on 10 December 2008 that the other banks, namely, ABN AMRO, BTMU, Maybank and
OCBC sent the Companies letters of demand. This is not surprising, as the
banks would have found out about the Charge upon its registration. I therefore
did not agree with defendant’s counsel that there were proper commercial
considerations influencing the decision to grant the Charge.

54 It was also contended that there was pressure exerted on the Companies and
that a clear threat was conveyed to them. Counsel for the defendant referred
the court to _Lin Securities Pte v Royal Trust Bank (Asia) Ltd_ [1994] 3
SLR(R) 899 (“ _Lin Securities_ ”). There, a stockbroking firm (“LSP”) had made
arrangements with Royal Trust Bank (Asia) Ltd (“RTB”) and 20 other banks to
obtain credit facilities secured by the hypothecation of shares in its
possession. Following a dramatic decline in the stock market, LSP became
insolvent. The banks started to demand delivery of the shares charged to them
but LSP, for the most part, managed to resist the demands. LSP gave in to
pressure from RTB, however, and entered into an arrangement with RTB whereby
the shares charged to RTB were to be handed to it to be kept in its custody
each afternoon when trading closed and returned the following morning to allow
the company to carry on its business. On one occasion, when LSP tried to re-
take delivery of the shares in RTB’s custody, RTB refused to return the shares
to LSP. LSP went into liquidation. The liquidator challenged the transaction
as a fraudulent preference under s 329 of the 1994 Revised Edition of the
Companies Act. That challenge failed both before the High Court and the Court
of Appeal. The latter held that in entering into the arrangement with RTB, LSP
had not acted with a view to preferring RTB over all other creditors. Instead,
LSP was merely bowing to RTB’s business like, but effective, pressure or
threat.

55 Mr Ashok Kumar submitted that the case above illustrates that pressure can
be exerted in more ways than one. In that case, a “clear message of a threat
had been effectively conveyed to [LSP] in a businesslike manner without
uttering any harsh language in the form of a threat or demand”: _Lin
Securities_ at [28]. However, the executive director of RTB had stated that
LSP was aware that if he did not agree to the “request”, RTB would immediately
terminate the facility and call for the payment of the amount owing. This was
far from the situation in the case at hand where, in the face of other banks
having taken more concrete steps to stress the seriousness of their demands,
JHTI nevertheless chose to prefer the defendant over them. The case,
therefore, is of little assistance to the present proceedings.

56 Thus, in conclusion, I was satisfied that JHTI was influenced by a desire
to prefer the defendant.

Was JHTI insolvent at the time the Charge was granted or did JHTI become
insolvent as a result of the granting of the Charge?

57 Section 100(4) of the BA states that a person shall be “insolvent” for the
purposes of s 100(2) if:

(a)he is unable to pay his debts as they fall due; or

(b)the value of his assets is less than the amount of his liabilities, taking
into account his contingent and prospective liabilities.

The first test above may be described as the “liquidity test”, while the
second may be described as the “balance sheet test”: _Leun Wah Electric Co
(Pte) Ltd (in liquidation) v Sigma Cable Co (Pte) Ltd_ [2006] 3 SLR(R) 227 (“
_Leun Wah_ ”) at [8]. It is trite law that the two subsections of s 100(4) are
to be read disjunctively: _Velstra Pte Ltd (in compulsory winding up) v Azero
Investments SA_ [2004] SGHC 251 at [89]. I shall apply each of these tests to
the facts at hand in turn.

The liquidity test

58 In _Leun Wah_ , the court found (at [8]) that the company was insolvent as
it was “pressed for payments at the material time from many quarters and had
not been able to pay”. There is sufficient evidence here that from as early as
February 2008, creditors had been pressing JHTI for payment. Though most of
the demands were in the form of e-mail correspondence rather than letters of
demand, I am of the view that there is no need for such demands to be made
only by way of letter for the purposes of this test.

59 In that respect, I wholeheartedly agree with the proposition put forth by
Professor Ian F Fletcher in _The Law of Insolvency_ (Sweet & Maxwell, 3rd Ed,
2002) (“ _The Law of Insolvency_ ”) which was referred to by counsel for the
plaintiffs. At para 20-017, Prof Fletcher states (in the context of discussing
s 123(1)(e) of the English Insolvency Act 1986, which deals with the proof of
a company’s inability to pay its debts as they fall due) that:

As proof of the debtor company’s state of illiquidity, it will suffice to
exhibit to the court some evidence- conveniently, often, in the form of
correspondence – showing an unequivocal request for payment made by the
creditor, and an absence of any bona fide dispute as to indebtedness on the
part of the debtor.

Here there was much in the way of correspondence from creditors, unequivocally
requesting payment, and an absence of any _bona fide_ dispute as to
indebtedness on the part of JHTI.

60 Furthermore, the cash balance of JHTI with its banks as at 13 November 2008
was in the negative. No evidence was provided by the defendant as to what
specific assets of JHTI could have readily been sold in order for the proceeds
to be taken into account for the purposes of the liquidity test; nor was
evidence adduced as to the amount of such proceeds that ought to be taken into
account.

61 The situation at hand may be best summarised thus: JHTI was unable to
service its debts as and when they fell due, resulting in several creditors
issuing letters of demand at the time the Charge was granted. I am therefore
firmly of the view that JHTI was insolvent when it granted the Charge.

The balance sheet test

62 In view of the fact that the test in s 100(4) of the BA is disjunctive
rather than conjunctive and that JHTI has failed the liquidity test, it is
unnecessary to go into the balance sheet test. I shall nevertheless do so for
the sake of completeness.

63 JHTI’s balance sheets as at 30 September 2008 and 31 December 2008
indicated that JHTI was balance sheet solvent. However, the plaintiffs had,
while investigating the financial affairs of the Companies, come across
dubious accounting entries in the accounts of the Companies. The evidence of
the plaintiffs was that had the errors in those accounting entries been taken
into account at the time the balance sheets were prepared, it would have been
evident that JHTI was balance sheet _insolvent_ at the time the Charge was
executed. When those accounting issues were brought to the attention of JHTI’s
accounting staff, they proceeded to make adjustments to the accounts with the
approval of the directors. The major adjustments were made to the accounts
receivable, related party balances, stock and inventory.

64 In _Leun Wah_ ([57]  _supra_), the court accepted the auditor’s
recommendation that adjustments be made to the balance sheet of the company;
this resulted in the company being insolvent on the balance sheet test.

65 Counsel for the defendant contended that the directors’ view as to the
solvency of the company at the time the balance sheets were prepared should
not be displaced by the court on the basis of subsequent adjustments. This
contention is untenable. The balance sheet test, applying s 100(4) of the BA,
is simply whether the value of JHTI’s assets as at the balance sheet date was
less than the amount of its liabilities, taking into account its contingent
and prospective liabilities. The test is an objective one and not subject to
the vagaries of the directors’ subjective views at that time, much less their
erroneous views as demonstrated by their acceptance of the aforesaid
adjustments.

66 Counsel for the defendant also submitted that whether JHTI was solvent or
not had to be seen in the light of all the circumstances of the case; in
particular, the solvency assessment had to take into account what was known or
ought to have been known at the relevant time without the intrusion of
hindsight. Counsel for the defendant relied upon the Australian case of _Lewis
(as liquidator of Doran Constructions Pty Ltd (in liq) v Doran & others_
[2005] NSWCA 243 (“ _Doran_ ”) where Giles JA in the Court of Appeal of the
Supreme Court of New South Wales held at [103]:

... Solvency or insolvency is a state on which directors and others act in
current conduct, for example if the issue is trading while insolvent. Section
95A speaks of objective ability to pay debts as and when they become due and
payable, but ability must be determined in the circumstances as they were
known or ought to have been known at the relevant time, without intrusion of
hindsight. There must of course be ‘consideration ... given to the immediate
future’ (_Bank of Australasia v Hall_ [1907] HCA 78; (1907) 4 CLR 1514 at 1528
per Griffith CJ), and how far into the future will depend on the circumstances
including the nature of the company’s business and, if it is known, of the
future liabilities. **_Unexpected_** later discovery of a liability, or later
quantification of a liability at an unexpected level, may be excluded from
consideration **_if the liability was properly unknown or seen in lesser
amount at the relevant time_**. ... [emphasis added in bold italics]

I do not disagree with the statement and would draw attention to the
qualifications built into the statement. In particular, later discovery of a
liability or later quantification of a liability at an unexpected level may be
taken into account if it was not “ _unexpected_ ” or if it was not “
_properly_ unknown or seen in lesser amount at the relevant time”.

67 Giles JA’s reference in _Doran_ to an assessment made “without the
intrusion of hindsight” was adopted and elaborated upon by Owen J in _The Bell
Group Ltd (in liq) v Westpac Banking Corporation (No 9)_ [2008] WASC 239. At
[1115] Owen J held that:

... when determining the company’s ability to pay, it must be done according
to the circumstances or state of affairs which were known or ‘** _knowable_**
’ at the time. [emphasis added]

The learned judge went on to say at [1116] that:

... **_a court can take into account facts available in hindsight_** (that is,
after the determinative date of solvency) **_if the facts help determine which
version of conflicting accounts as to the state of affairs is the more
likely_**. ... [emphasis added]

Owen J then concluded at [1117] that:

... the court can apply its knowledge of post-event facts to determine whether
the proffered expectations of the parties (the commercial realities with
regard to cash flow) were or were not realistic.

68 The foregoing statements in the two Australian cases were _apropos_ the
liquidity test rather than the balance sheet test. Nevertheless, the views
expressed in regard to the applicability or otherwise of subsequent facts are,
in my opinion, equally applicable to the balance sheet test of solvency.
However, as I stated earlier, they do not assist the defendant. It is clear
from the evidence of the first plaintiff that the impugned entries in the
balance sheets were unrealistically optimistic. When they were brought to the
attention of the directors, they agreed to the adjustments without any
demurrer. In my view, that showed that the earlier figures were not realistic
and the adjustments were not “unexpected”. This can hardly be described as a
case where hindsight was allowed to intrude. I am therefore of the view that
JHTI was also insolvent on the balance sheet test.

Conclusion

69 In conclusion, the granting of the Charge by JHTI to the defendant was an
unfair preference within the meaning of s 99 of the BA.

70 Section 99(2) of the BA provides that the court shall, on an application
under s 99, “make such order as it thinks fit for restoring the position to
what it would have been if that individual had not given that unfair
preference”.

71 Subsequent to the granting of the Charge, the MAP Shares were disposed of
in two separate batches:

(a) in the first batch, S$570,439.49 was received as net sale proceeds; and

(b) in the second batch, approximately S$9.68m was received as net sale
proceeds.

Since I have found the grant of the Charge to be an unfair preference under s
99 of the BA, I hold that the defendant shall pay JHTI the total net sale
proceeds received from the disposal of the MAP Shares.

72 Costs to the plaintiffs shall be taxed unless agreed.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 18 Nov 2010 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

