Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Yong Vui Kong _v_ Public Prosecutor and another matter  
[2010] SGCA 20

Case Number| :| Criminal Appeal No 13 of 2008; Criminal Motion No 7 of 2010  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 14 May 2010  
Tribunal/Court| :| Court of Appeal  
Coram| :|  Chan Sek Keong CJ; Andrew Phang Boon Leong JA; V K Rajah JA  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  M Ravi (L F Violet Netto) for the appellant; Walter Woon
SC, Jaswant Singh, Davinia Aziz and Chua Ying-Hong (Attorney-General's
Chambers) for the respondent.  
Parties| :|  Yong Vui Kong — Public Prosecutor  
  
[LawNet Editorial Note: This was an appeal from the decision of the High Court
in [2009] SGHC 4.]

14 May 2010| Judgment reserved.  
---|---  
  
Chan Sek Keong CJ (delivering the judgment of the court):

Introduction

1 The appellant, Yong Vui Kong (“the Appellant”), was convicted of trafficking
in 47.27g of diamorphine, a controlled drug, and sentenced to death (see
_Public Prosecutor v Yong Vui Kong_ [2009] SGHC 4). He appealed against the
conviction and the sentence, but later withdrew that appeal. Four days before
the sentence was to be carried out, he filed Criminal Motion No 41 of 2009
(“CM 41/2009”) seeking leave to pursue his appeal. This court granted him
leave to do so (see _Yong Vui Kong v Public Prosecutor_ [2009] SGCA 64). In
the present proceedings, the Appellant’s counsel, Mr M Ravi (“Mr Ravi”), has
confirmed that the Appellant is appealing against only his sentence, and not
his conviction.

The issues raised in this appeal

2 The general issue in this appeal is whether the _mandatory_ death penalty
(“the MDP”) is permitted by the Constitution of the Republic of Singapore
(1985 Rev Ed, 1999 Reprint). The specific issue is whether the MDP imposed
under certain provisions of the Misuse of Drugs Act (Cap 185, 2001 Rev Ed), in
particular, is permitted by the Constitution of the Republic of Singapore.

3 In this judgment, the cases to be considered and the legal points to be
discussed relate to different revised editions of both the Constitution of the
Republic of Singapore and the Misuse of Drugs Act. For simplicity, we shall
hereafter refer to the particular revised edition of the statute that is
relevant to the case or legal point being discussed as “the Singapore
Constitution” (_vis-à-vis_ the Constitution of the Republic of Singapore) and
“the MDA” (_vis-à-vis_ the Misuse of Drugs Act).

4 The Appellant is challenging the constitutional validity of s 33 read with
the Second Schedule to the MDA (collectively referred to hereafter as “the MDP
provisions in the MDA”), under which he was sentenced to suffer the MDP. This
challenge against the MDP for drug-related offences is not new. It was made in
1980 before the Privy Council in _Ong Ah Chuan v Public Prosecutor_ [1981] AC
648 (“ _Ong Ah Chuan_ ”) and in 2004 before this court in _Nguyen Tuong Van v
Public Prosecutor_ [2005] 1 SLR(R) 103 (“ _Nguyen_ ”). In both cases, it was
contended that the MDP prescribed by the MDA for the offence in question
(_viz_ , trafficking in controlled drugs in _Ong Ah Chuan_ and importation of
controlled drugs in _Nguyen_) was unconstitutional because it infringed Arts
9(1) and 12(1) of the Singapore Constitution. In both cases, the
constitutional challenge to the MDP was dismissed.

5 Notwithstanding the decisions in _Ong Ah Chuan_ and _Nguyen_ , both of which
affirm the constitutionality of the MDP provisions in the MDA, we gave leave
to the Appellant in CM 41/2009 to pursue the present appeal and argue both the
general issue and the specific issue delineated at [2] above because Mr Ravi
said that he had new arguments based on new materials to show that both _Ong
Ah Chuan_ and _Nguyen_ were wrongly decided at the relevant time, and that,
today, this court should depart from those decisions and declare the MDP
unconstitutional in view of Art 9(1) and/or Art 12(1) of the Singapore
Constitution.

6 We should point out at this juncture that the issue of whether the death
penalty _per se_ (_ie_ , the death penalty as a form of punishment for an
offence) is unconstitutional does not arise in this appeal since the Appellant
(as Mr Ravi has emphasised) is only challenging the constitutional validity of
the MDP. It is not surprising that the Appellant has adopted this stance
because Art 9(1) expressly allows a person to be deprived of his life “in
accordance with law”; _ie_ , it expressly sanctions the death penalty. This
precludes the Appellant from challenging the constitutionality of the death
penalty _per se_ (see in this regard the observations of the Privy Council in
_Ong Ah Chuan_ at 672 as quoted at [20] below). The Appellant has thus chosen
to argue that:

(a) as the MDP is an inhuman punishment, any legislation that prescribes the
MDP as the punishment for an offence (referred to hereafter as “MDP
legislation” generically) violates the right to life set out in Art 9(1) and,
therefore, is not “law” for the purposes of this provision;

(b) MDP legislation is also not “law” for the purposes of Art 9(1) because the
term “law” therein includes customary international law (“CIL”), which
prohibits the MDP as an inhuman punishment; and

(c) the differentia employed in the MDA for determining when the MDP is to be
imposed is arbitrary, thus making the MDP provisions in the MDA inconsistent
with the right under Art 12(1) of equal protection of the law.

7 The Appellant’s challenge to the MDP based on Art 9(1) (“the Article 9(1)
challenge”) is targeted at the mandatory nature of the MDP. It rests on the
premise that, because MDP legislation does not give the court any discretion
to decide (in view of the circumstances of the case at hand) whether or not to
impose the death penalty, such legislation “treats all persons convicted of a
designated offense not as uniquely individual human beings, but as members of
a faceless, undifferentiated mass to be subjected to the blind infliction of
the penalty of death” (_per_ Stewart J in _Woodson et al v North Carolina_ 428
US 280 (1976) (“ _Woodson_ ”) at 304). From this perspective, MDP legislation
is regarded as being inhuman and, thus, antithetical to the right to life set
out in Art 9(1). The Article 9(1) challenge, if successful, will affect the
constitutionality of not only the MDP provisions in the MDA, but also all
other MDP legislation, such as:

(a) s 302 of the Penal Code (Cap 224, 2008 Rev Ed) (“the Singapore Penal
Code”) _vis-à-vis_ the offence of murder;

(b) s 4 of the Arms Offences Act (Cap 14, 2008 Rev Ed) _vis-à-vis_ the offence
of using or attempting to use arms;

(c) s 4A of the Arms Offences Act _vis-à-vis_ the offence of using or
attempting to use arms to commit or to attempt to commit an offence listed in
the Schedule to the Act; and

(d) s 58(1) of the Internal Security Act (Cap 143, 1985 Rev Ed) _vis-à-vis_
the offence of having or carrying, without lawful excuse and without lawful
authority, any firearm, ammunition or explosive in a security area (as defined
in s 2 of that Act).

8 In contrast, the Appellant’s challenge to the MDP based on Art 12(1) (“the
Article 12(1) challenge”), if successful, will affect only the MDP provisions
in the MDA. In other words, the Appellant’s argument on Art 12(1) is specific
to the MDP provisions in the MDA and does not impinge on the constitutional
validity of other MDP legislation. The Appellant’s submission in this regard
is that the MDP provisions in the MDA, in making the quantity of controlled
drugs trafficked the sole determinant of when the MDP is to be imposed, draw
arbitrary distinctions between offenders who traffic in different amounts of
controlled drugs. (In the case of trafficking in diamorphine specifically, the
MDP provisions in the MDA state that the MDP applies so long as more than 15g
of diamorphine is trafficked. For convenience, we shall hereafter refer to
this criterion as “the 15g differentia”.)

9 Although the Article 9(1) challenge and the Article 12(1) challenge are
different in so far as they pertain to two different constitutional
provisions, they are at the same time related in that the Appellant does not
need to rely on the Article 12(1) challenge if he succeeds on the Article 9(1)
challenge. In other words, if the MDP provisions in the MDA violate Art 9(1)
because, in making the death penalty _mandatory_ , they lay down an inhuman
punishment, they would be unconstitutional regardless of whether or not they
also, contrary to Art 12(1), draw arbitrary distinctions between offenders who
traffic in different amounts of controlled drugs. For this reason, we shall
address the Article 9(1) challenge first before the Article 12(1) challenge.

The Article 9(1) challenge: Whether the MDP is consistent with the right to
life in Article 9(1)

10 To understand the parties’ arguments on Art 9(1) of the Singapore
Constitution, it is necessary to appreciate the legal context of those
arguments. We shall set out this legal context first, followed by the parties’
arguments and then our decision on the Article 9(1) challenge.

The legal context of the Article 9(1) challenge

11 Article 9(1) of the Singapore Constitution provides as follows:

No person shall be deprived of his life or personal liberty save in accordance
with law.

The expression “law” is defined in Art 2(1) as follows:

“law” includes written law and any legislation of the United Kingdom or other
enactment or instrument whatsoever which is in operation in Singapore and the
common law in so far as it is in operation in Singapore and any custom or
usage having the force of law in Singapore …

In this regard, the expression “written law” means (see likewise Art 2(1)):

… this Constitution and all Acts and Ordinances and subsidiary legislation for
the time being in force in Singapore.

12 _Prima facie_ , the MDA, being legislation in force in Singapore, is
“written law” and is thus “law” as defined in Art 2(1); the same applies to
other MDP legislation currently in force in Singapore. The meaning of the term
“law” was considered by the Privy Council in _Ong Ah Chuan_ and by this court
in _Nguyen_. Before we turn to examine these two decisions, we note in passing
that, although Art 2(1) defines the expression “law” to include “custom or
usage” (_per_ Art 2(1)), Mr Ravi has not argued that these words are intended
to include CIL. If such an argument had been made, we would have rejected it
because, in our view, the phrase “custom or usage” in Art 2(1) refers to local
customs and usages which (in the words of this provision) “[have] the force of
law in Singapore”, that is to say, local customs and usages which are already
part of our domestic law.

The decision in Ong Ah Chuan

13 In _Ong Ah Chuan_ , the appellants were convicted of the offence of drug
trafficking and sentenced to death. They appealed against their convictions
on, _inter alia_ , the ground that the rebuttable presumption of trafficking
which arose under the MDA upon proof of possession of controlled drugs
exceeding the stipulated quantity was a violation of due process of law and
was therefore not “in accordance with law” for the purposes of Art 9(1).

14 The Prosecution in that case argued that, since the expression “law” was
defined in Art 2(1) to include written law and since “written law” included
all Acts of Parliament, the requirements of Art 9(1) were satisfied so long as
the deprivation of life or personal liberty complained of was carried out in
accordance with provisions contained in “any Act passed by the Parliament of
Singapore, _however arbitrary or contrary to fundamental rules of natural
justice_ the provisions of such Act [might] be” [emphasis added] (see _Ong Ah
Chuan_ at 670). The Privy Council rejected this argument (which was
characterised as “extreme” in the later Privy Council decision of _Haw Tua Tau
and others v Public Prosecutor_ [1981–1982] SLR(R) 133 at [7]) for the
following reasons (see _Ong Ah Chuan_ at 670–671):

In a Constitution founded on the Westminster model and particularly in that
part of it that purports to assure to all individual citizens the continued
enjoyment of fundamental liberties or rights, _references to “law” in such
contexts as “in accordance with law,” “equality before the law,” “protection
of the law” and the like, in their Lordships’ view, refer to a system of law
which incorporates those fundamental rules of natural justice that had formed
part and parcel of the common law of England that was in operation in
Singapore at the commencement of the [Singapore] Constitution_. It would have
been taken for granted by the makers of the [Singapore] Constitution that the
“law” to which citizens could have recourse for the protection of fundamental
liberties assured to them by the [Singapore] Constitution would be a system of
law that did not flout those fundamental rules. If it were otherwise it would
be [a] misuse of language to speak of law as something which affords
“protection” for the individual in the enjoyment of his fundamental liberties,
and the purported entrenchment (by article 5) of articles 9(1) and 12(1) would
be little better than a mockery. [emphasis added]

15 Having set out its interpretation of the expression “law”, the Privy
Council in _Ong Ah Chuan_ tested the provisions of the MDA against that
interpretation to determine their constitutional validity, and held that they
did not breach the fundamental rules of natural justice. Hence, the Privy
Council rejected the appellants’ constitutional challenge to the statutory
presumption of trafficking in the MDA.

16 We should point out that, at the hearing before the Privy Council, the
Board (_per_ Lord Diplock) specifically asked counsel for the Prosecution
whether he was contending that, so long as a statute was an Act of Parliament,
it would be justified by Art 9(1), however unfair, absurd or oppressive it
might be (see _Ong Ah Chuan_ at 659). When counsel answered that the
Prosecution was not advancing that argument and that it was unnecessary for
him to rely on that argument since the Prosecution considered its case against
each appellant to be plain on its facts, Lord Diplock replied (likewise at
659):

Their Lordships cannot accept that because they will have to deal with the
point. They are not disposed to find that article 9(1) justifies all
legislation whatever its nature.

However, beyond what was actually decided in _Ong Ah Chuan_ itself, it is not
clear what the Privy Council had in mind _vis-à-vis_ the kind of legislation
that would not qualify as “law” for the purposes of Art 9(1). Perhaps, the
Privy Council had in mind colourable legislation which purported to enact a
“law” as generally understood (_ie_ , a legislative rule of general
application), but which in effect was a legislative judgment, that is to say,
legislation directed at securing the conviction of particular known
individuals (see _Don John Francis Douglas Liyanage and others v The Queen_
[1967] 1 AC 259 at 291), or legislation of so absurd or arbitrary a nature
that it could not possibly have been contemplated by our constitutional
framers as being “law” when they crafted the constitutional provisions
protecting fundamental liberties (_ie_ , the provisions now set out in Pt IV
of the Singapore Constitution).

17 In this connection, it is useful to put in context the following statement
by Yong Pung How CJ (delivering the judgment of this court) in _Jabar bin
Kadermastan v Public Prosecutor_ [1995] 1 SLR(R) 326 (“ _Jabar_ ”) at [52]:

Any law which provides for the deprivation of a person’s life or personal
liberty … is valid and binding so long as it is validly passed by Parliament.
_The court is not concerned with whether it is also fair, just and reasonable
as well_. [emphasis added]

18 Upon a first reading, Yong CJ’s statement may appear to contradict the
Privy Council’s interpretation of the expression “law” in _Ong Ah Chuan_ at
670–671 (see the extract quoted at [14] above). In our view, however, there is
in fact no such contradiction. Yong CJ’s statement was made in the context of
a case where the appellant argued, in reliance on _Earl Pratt and another v
Attorney-General for Jamaica and another_ [1994] 2 AC 1 (“ _Pratt_ ”), that
Art 9(1) of the Singapore Constitution was applicable to render the execution
of the death sentence imposed on him unconstitutional as he had been
incarcerated on death row for more than five years since his conviction. In
_Pratt_ , the Privy Council held that a prolonged delay in the execution of a
death sentence constituted inhuman punishment and contravened s 17(1) of the
Constitution of Jamaica, which stated that no person should be subjected to
“torture or to inhuman or degrading punishment or other treatment”. This
ruling was rejected in _Jabar_ by this court, which preferred the decision in
_Willie Lee Richmond v Samuel A Lewis_ 948 F 2d 1473 (1990). In that case, the
US Court of Appeals, Ninth Circuit, held that the carrying out of a death
sentence after the offender had spent 16 years on death row did not constitute
cruel and unusual punishment in contravention of the Eighth and the Fourteenth
Amendments to the US Constitution where the delay was occasioned by the
offender initiating unmeritorious legal proceedings.

19 The issue raised in _Jabar_ concerned the constitutionality of _carrying
out the MDP_ , given the period of time which had lapsed since the appellant’s
conviction, and not the constitutionality of the MDP _per se_. That was why
this court held that the question of whether the relevant MDP legislation
(which, on the facts of _Jabar_ , was s 302 of the Penal Code (Cap 224, 1985
Rev Ed)) was fair, just and reasonable was not relevant. Yong CJ’s statement
should be read in this context, and not as a definitive interpretation of the
term “law” in Art 9(1); otherwise, that statement would be inconsistent with
the approach taken in _Nguyen_ , where this court (Yong CJ presiding) affirmed
(at [82]) the Privy Council’s interpretation of “law” in _Ong Ah Chuan_.

20 Returning to the facts of _Ong Ah Chuan_ , the appellants, apart from
challenging the constitutionality of the statutory presumption of trafficking
(see [13] above), also disputed the constitutionality of the MDP. The Privy
Council made the following observations about the death penalty in general (at
672):

It was not suggested on behalf of the [appellants] that capital punishment is
unconstitutional per se. Such an argument is foreclosed by the recognition in
article 9(1) of the [Singapore] Constitution that a person may be deprived of
life “in accordance with law.”

21 With regard to the MDP specifically, the Privy Council commented (at
672–673):

As their Lordships understood the argument presented to them on behalf of the
[appellants], it was that the mandatory nature of the sentence, in the case of
an offence so broadly drawn as that of trafficking created by section 3 of the
[MDA], rendered it arbitrary since it debarred the court in punishing
offenders from discriminating between them according to their individual
blameworthiness. This, it was contended, was arbitrary and not “in accordance
with law” as their Lordships have construed that phrase in article 9(1);
alternatively it offends against the principle of equality before the law
entrenched in the [Singapore] Constitution by article 12(1), since it compels
the court to condemn to the highest penalty of death an addict who has
gratuitously supplied an addict friend with 15 grammes of heroin from his own
private store, and to inflict a lesser punishment upon a professional dealer
caught selling for distribution to many addicts a total of 14.99 grammes.

_Their Lordships would emphasise that in their judicial capacity they are in
no way concerned with arguments for or against capital punishment or its
efficacy as a deterrent to so evil and profitable a crime as trafficking in
addictive drugs. Whether there should be capital punishment in Singapore and,
if so, for what offences, are questions for the legislature of Singapore
which, in the case of drugs offences, it has answered by section 29 and
Schedule 2 of the [MDA]. A primary object of imposing a death sentence for
offences that society regards with particular abhorrence is that it should act
as a deterrent; particularly where the offence is one that is committed for
profit by an offender who is prepared to take a calculated risk. There is
nothing unusual in a capital sentence being mandatory. Indeed its efficacy as
a deterrent may be to some extent diminished if it is not_. At common law all
capital sentences were mandatory; under the Penal Code of Singapore [_ie_ ,
the Penal Code (Cap 103, 1970 Rev Ed)] the capital sentence for murder and for
offences against the President’s person still is. If it were valid the
argument for the [appellants] would apply to every law which imposed a
mandatory fixed or minimum penalty even where it was not capital – an extreme
position which counsel was anxious to disclaim.

[emphasis added]

The decision in Nguyen

22 Moving on to _Nguyen_ , the appellant in that case was convicted of
importing 396.2g of diamorphine into Singapore without authorisation, an
offence under s 7 of the MDA, and was, pursuant to the MDP provisions in the
MDA, sentenced to suffer the MDP. He appealed against both his conviction and
his sentence, contending that those provisions were unconstitutional because
they violated Arts 9(1), 12(1) and 93 of the Singapore Constitution (these
Articles concern, respectively, the right to life, the right to equal
protection of the law and the judicial power of Singapore).

23 For present purposes, we shall examine only the appellant’s argument based
on Art 9(1) and this court’s decision on that argument. The appellant’s
argument was that: (a) the MDP was arbitrary because it precluded proportional
and individualised sentencing, which form of sentencing was protected by the
prohibition against cruel and inhuman treatment or punishment; and (b) even if
the MDP were not arbitrary, execution by hanging amounted to cruel and inhuman
punishment. In making this argument, the appellant took the position that the
expression “law” in Art 9(1) incorporated CIL, specifically, the CIL
prohibition against cruel, inhuman, degrading or unusual treatment or
punishment. (In this regard, we shall hereafter refer to such treatment or
punishment as “inhuman punishment” generically since Mr Ravi has, in his
arguments, emphasised the prohibition against _inhuman_ treatment or
punishment in particular; it should, however, be noted that the terms “cruel”,
“inhuman”, “degrading” and “unusual” do not share the exact same meaning.)

24 The way in which the appellant in _Nguyen_ framed his argument on Art 9(1)
was probably influenced by post-_Ong Ah Chuan_ Privy Council decisions on the
constitutional validity of the MDP under the Constitutions of other
Commonwealth States, principally the Caribbean States. Counsel for the
appellant cited those cases in an attempt to persuade this court that either
_Ong Ah Chuan_ had been wrongly decided at the material time or,
alternatively, the Privy Council would have decided the case differently in
2004. The decisions which counsel referred to were:

(a) _Reyes v The Queen_ [2002] 2 AC 235 (“ _Reyes_ ”), an appeal from a
decision of the Court of Appeal of Belize;

(b) _Boyce and another v The Queen_ [2005] 1 AC 400 (“ _Boyce_ ”), an appeal
from a decision of the Court of Appeal of Barbados;

(c) _Matthew v State of Trinidad and Tobago_ [2005] 1 AC 433 (“ _Matthew_ ”),
an appeal from a decision of the Court of Appeal of Trinidad and Tobago; and

(d) _Watson v The Queen (Attorney General for Jamaica intervening)_ [2005] 1
AC 472 (“ _Watson_ ”), an appeal from a decision of the Court of Appeal of
Jamaica.

25 In considering whether the MDP provided for under the MDA was arbitrary,
this court affirmed in _Nguyen_ (at [82]) as established law the Privy
Council’s decision in _Ong Ah Chuan_ at 670–671 (quoted at [14] above) on the
meaning of the phrase “in accordance with law” in Art 9(1). The court noted
that the Privy Council had ruled in both _Watson_ and _Reyes_ that “the [MDP]
in respect of certain classes of murder was … unconstitutional as a violation
of the prohibition against cruel or inhuman treatment or punishment” (see
_Nguyen_ at [83]), and opined (likewise at [83]) that the Privy Council would
have ruled in the same way in _Matthew_ and _Boyce_ “but for certain ‘saving
provisions’ in the relevant national Constitutions which preserved pre-
existing national laws”.

26 In _Reyes_ , the Privy Council held that the MDP was unconstitutional under
s 7 of the Constitution of Belize (Laws of Belize, c 4) (“the Belize
Constitution”), which specifically prohibited, _inter alia_ , inhuman
punishment. The Privy Council (_per_ Lord Bingham of Cornhill) observed thus
(at [43]):

To deny the offender the opportunity, before sentence is passed, to seek to
persuade the court that in all the circumstances to condemn him to death would
be disproportionate and inappropriate is to treat him as no human being should
be treated and thus to deny his basic humanity, the core of the right which
section 7 [of the Belize Constitution] exists to protect.

27 In _Nguyen_ , this court held (at [84]) that the Privy Council’s reasoning
in _Reyes_ as to why the MDP was unconstitutional was not applicable to
Singapore because neither the Singapore Constitution nor any other Singapore
statute contained an equivalent of s 7 of the Belize Constitution. The court
also pointed out (at [85] of _Nguyen_) that _Reyes_ was decided “in the light
of the various international norms that had been ‘accepted by Belize as
consistent with the fundamental standards of humanity’”, such as those
encapsulated in the Universal Declaration of Human Rights (10 December 1948),
GA Res 217A (III), UN Doc A/810 (“the UDHR”) and the International Covenant on
Civil and Political Rights (19 December 1966), 999 UNTS 171.

28 With regard to _Watson_ , this court distinguished it in _Nguyen_ (at [86])
on the same grounds as those outlined in the preceding paragraph. At the same
time, this court acknowledged (likewise at [86]) the following comments by
Lord Hope of Craighead, who delivered the judgment of the majority in _Watson_
(at [29]–[30]):

Their Lordships consider that the mandatory death penalty which is imposed
under section 3 of the Act [_ie_ , the Offences against the Person Act 1864
(Laws of Jamaica, c 268), as amended by the Offences against the Person
(Amendment) Act 1992 (No 14)] is open to the same constitutional objections as
those that were identified in _Reyes v The Queen_. It is no longer acceptable,
nor is it any longer possible to say, as Lord Diplock did on behalf of the
Board in _Ong Ah Chuan v Public Prosecutor_ [1981] AC 648, 674, that there is
nothing unusual in a death sentence being mandatory. As Lord Bingham pointed
out in _Reyes_ ’ _s_ case [2002] 2 AC 235, 244, para 17, the mandatory penalty
of death on conviction of murder long predated any international arrangements
for the protection of human rights. The decision in that case was made at a
time when international jurisprudence on human rights was rudimentary …

The march of international jurisprudence on this issue [_viz_ , the
constitutionality of the MDP] began with the Universal Declaration of Human
Rights which was adopted by a resolution of the General Assembly of the United
Nations on 10 December 1948 (Cmd 7662). It came to be recognised that among
the fundamental rights which must be protected are the right to life and the
right not to be subjected to cruel, inhuman or degrading treatment or
punishment: see articles 3 and 5 of the Universal Declaration; articles I and
XXVI of the American Declaration of the Rights and Duties of Man which was
adopted by the Ninth International Conference of American States on 2 May
1948; articles 2 and 3 of the European Convention for the Protection of Human
Rights and Fundamental Freedoms (1953) (Cmd 8969); articles 6(1) and 7 of the
International [Covenant] on Civil and Political Rights which was adopted by a
resolution of the General Assembly of the United Nations on 16 December 1966
and [which] entered into force on 23 March 1976 (1977) (Cmnd 6702); and
articles 4.1 and 5.2 of the American Convention on Human Rights which was
signed on 22 November 1969 and [which] came into force on 18 July 1978. So the
practice was adopted, as many of the former British colonies achieved
independence, of setting out in their Constitutions a series of fundamental
rights and freedoms which were to be protected under the Constitution. The
history of these developments is fully set out in _Reyes_ [2002] 2 AC 235. It
is as relevant to the position under the Constitution of Jamaica as it was in
that case to Belize. There is a common heritage. In _Minister of Home Affairs
v Fisher_ [1980] AC 319, 328 Lord Wilberforce referred to the influence of the
European Convention in the drafting of the constitutional instruments during
the post-colonial period, including the Constitutions of most Caribbean
territories. That influence is clearly seen in Chapter III of the Constitution
of Jamaica.

29 Ultimately, in _Nguyen_ , this court upheld the constitutionality of the
MDP in view of two factors, namely: (a) the difference between the wording of
the applicable constitutional provisions in _Reyes_ and _Watson_ and that of
the relevant provisions of the Singapore Constitution; and (b) the difference
between the constitutional history of the States from which those two Privy
Council appeals arose (namely, Belize where _Reyes_ was concerned, and Jamaica
where _Watson_ was concerned) and the constitutional history of Singapore. In
so ruling, this court effectively distinguished _Reyes_ , _Watson_ and other
like cases on the ground that Art 9(1) of the Singapore Constitution did not
contain any words prohibiting inhuman punishment.

30 To complete this account of the decision in _Nguyen_ , we should add that
the basis on which this court distinguished _Reyes_ and _Watson_ was _in pari
materia_ with the basis on which the Privy Council in _Bowe and another v The
Queen_ [2006] 1 WLR 1623 (“ _Bowe_ ”), an appeal from the Commonwealth of the
Bahamas (“the Bahamas”), distinguished _Ong Ah Chuan_ , namely, the Bahamian
Constitution expressly prohibited inhuman punishment whereas the Singapore
Constitution contained no such express prohibition. In _Bowe_ , the Privy
Council observed thus (at [41]):

_Ong Ah Chuan_ … concerned mandatory death sentences in Singapore for
possession of more than 15 grammes of heroin. The constitutionality of that
sentence was challenged, and in giving the judgment of the Board rejecting the
challenge Lord Diplock made observations … approbatory of the mandatory death
sentence for murder, while suggesting … that the moral blameworthiness of
those convicted of murder might vary more widely than in the case of drug
traffickers. He pointed to the prerogative of mercy as a means of mitigating
the rigidity of the law. _But the [Singapore] Constitution … contained no
provision comparable with section 3 of the 1963 and 1969 Constitutions [of the
Bahamas], or the eighth amendment to the US Constitution, or article 3 of the
European Convention[, all of which prohibit subjecting a person to torture or
inhuman punishment]_. The decision … is not authority on the compatibility of
a mandatory death sentence with a constitution containing such a provision,
particularly where (contrary to the situation said by counsel to prevail in
the case of drug traffickers in Singapore …) the sentence is frequently
commuted. [emphasis added]

31 With regard to the argument by the appellant in _Nguyen_ that death by
hanging was inhuman punishment and that the prohibition against such
punishment was incorporated in the expression “law” in Art 9(1) of the
Singapore Constitution, this court said (at [91]–[92]) that while it was
widely accepted that the prohibition against inhuman punishment amounted to a
rule of CIL, there was insufficient evidence of state practice to demonstrate
that the content of this CIL prohibition was such as to prohibit hanging as a
mode of execution. This court also noted that there was no CIL prohibition
against the death penalty _per se_.

32 The above summary of what was decided in _Ong Ah Chuan_ and _Nguyen_ forms
the legal backdrop to the form and structure of the arguments advanced by Mr
Ravi in this appeal. We shall now consider the Article 9(1) challenge proper.

The two limbs of the Article 9(1) challenge

33 As indicated at [6] above, there are two limbs to the Article 9(1)
challenge, namely:

(a) MDP legislation is not “law” for the purposes of Art 9(1) as it prescribes
the MDP, which is an inhuman punishment, as the punishment for an offence; and

(b) the MDP is prohibited under CIL, which is included in the expression “law”
in Art 9(1), and, accordingly, the MDP is prohibited by Art 9(1).

For convenience, we shall hereafter refer to the first limb as “the ‘inhuman
punishment’ limb” and the second limb as “the ‘contrary to CIL’ limb”.

The parties’ arguments on the “inhuman punishment” limb

The Appellant’s submissions

34 With regard to the “inhuman punishment” limb of the Article 9(1) challenge,
Mr Ravi contends that the MDP is an inhuman punishment because it has been
held to be so in a long string of Privy Council cases decided post-_Ong Ah
Chuan_ and/or post-_Nguyen_ , as well as in cases emanating from the US
Supreme Court, the Supreme Court of India, the Supreme Court of Uganda and the
High Court of Malawi. The cases cited by Mr Ravi in this regard (collectively,
“the Appellant’s Art 9(1) cases”) and the constitutional provisions on which
the respective decisions in these cases were based are as follows:

(a) _Reyes_ , which concerned the stipulation in s 7 of the Belize
Constitution that “[n]o person shall be subjected to torture or to inhuman or
degrading punishment or other treatment”;

(b) _Fox v The Queen_ [2002] 2 AC 284, which concerned the stipulation in s 7
of the Constitution of Saint Christopher and Nevis that “[a] person shall not
be subjected to torture or to inhuman or degrading punishment or other like
treatment”;

(c) _Regina v Hughes_ [2002] 2 AC 259 (“ _Hughes_ ”), which concerned the
stipulation in s 5 of the Constitution of Saint Lucia that “[n]o person shall
be subjected to torture or to inhuman or degrading punishment or other
treatment”;

(d) _Boyce_ , which concerned the stipulation in s 15(1) of the Constitution
of Barbados that “[n]o person shall be subjected to torture or to inhuman or
degrading punishment or other treatment”;

(e) _Watson_ , which concerned the stipulation in s 17(1) of the Constitution
of Jamaica that “[n]o person shall be subjected to torture or to inhuman or
degrading punishment or other treatment”;

(f) _Matthew_ , which concerned the stipulation in s 5(2)(b) of the
Constitution of Trinidad and Tobago that the Parliament could not “impose or
authorise the imposition of cruel and unusual treatment or punishment”;

(g) _Bowe_ , which concerned the stipulation in s 3 of the 1963 and the 1969
Constitutions of the Bahamas (and, subsequently, s 17 of the 1973 Constitution
of the Bahamas) that “[n]o person shall be subjected to torture or to inhuman
or degrading treatment or punishment”;

(h) _Bernard Coard and others v The Attorney General_ [2007] UKPC 7, which
concerned the stipulation in s 5(1) of the Constitution of Grenada that “[n]o
person shall be subjected to torture or to inhuman or degrading punishment or
other treatment”;

(i) _Woodson_ , which concerned the scope of the Eighth Amendment to the US
Constitution prohibiting excessive bail, excessive fines and cruel and unusual
punishment;

(j) _Attorney General v Susan Kigula & 417 others_ Constitutional Appeal No 3
of 2006 (21 January 2009), which concerned the stipulation in Art 24 of the
Constitution of Uganda that “[n]o person shall be subjected to any form of
torture or cruel, inhuman or degrading treatment or punishment”;

(k) _Francis Kafantayeni and others v Attorney General_ Constitutional Case No
12 of 2005 (27 April 2007), which concerned the stipulation in s 19(3) of the
Constitution of Malawi that no person should be subjected to torture of any
kind or to cruel, inhuman or degrading treatment or punishment; and

(l) _Mithu v State of Punjab_ AIR 1983 SC 473 (“ _Mithu_ ”), which concerned
the Indian equivalent of Arts 9(1) and 12(1) of the Singapore Constitution
(namely, Arts 21 and 14 respectively of the Constitution of India (“the Indian
Constitution”)).

It may be noted that many of the above cases were decided prior to _Nguyen_ ,
and were considered and distinguished by this court in _Nguyen_. To this
extent, Mr Ravi is traversing old ground.

35 Mr Ravi’s argument before this court is that the Appellant’s Art 9(1) cases
cast doubt on the correctness of the decisions in _Ong Ah Chuan_ and _Nguyen_
, and support the view that the MDP dehumanises the offender by debarring the
trial judge from considering, during the sentencing process, any and all
mitigating circumstances as to why the offender should not suffer death. In
this respect, three of the Appellant’s Art 9(1) cases should be noted in
particular.

36 The first is the Privy Council case of _Reyes_. In that case, the appellant
was convicted of two counts of murder for shooting his neighbour and his
neighbour’s wife in a dispute over the neighbour’s attempt to build a fence
2ft from the back of the appellant’s house. Under s 102(3)(b) of the Criminal
Code of Belize (Laws of Belize, c 84) (“the Belize Criminal Code”), murder by
shooting was classified as a “class A” murder, and, under s 102(1) of the same
statute, it attracted the MDP. The appellant appealed against his sentence,
contending that s 102 of the Belize Criminal Code was contrary to s 7 of the
Belize Constitution. The Privy Council, in allowing the appeal, made the
following observations (at [43]):

For [the] purposes of this appeal the Board need not consider the
constitutionality of any mandatory penalty other than death, nor the
constitutionality of a mandatory death penalty imposed for any murder other
than by shooting. In the absence of adversarial argument it is undesirable to
decide more than is necessary to resolve this appeal. The Board is however
satisfied that the provision requiring sentence of death to be passed on the
defendant on his conviction of murder by shooting subjected him to inhuman or
degrading punishment or other treatment incompatible with his right under
section 7 of the [Belize] Constitution in that it required sentence of death
to be passed and precluded any judicial consideration of the humanity of
condemning him to death. The use of firearms by dangerous and aggressive
criminals is an undoubted social evil and, so long as the death penalty is
retained, there may well be murders by shooting which justify the ultimate
penalty. But there will also be murders of quite a different character (for
instance, murders arising from sudden quarrels within a family, or between
neighbours, involving the use of a firearm legitimately owned for no criminal
or aggressive purpose) in which the death penalty would be plainly excessive
and disproportionate. In a crime of this kind there may well be matters
relating both to the offence and the offender which ought properly to be
considered before sentence is passed. _To deny the offender the opportunity,
before sentence is passed, to seek to persuade the court that in all the
circumstances to condemn him to death would be disproportionate and
inappropriate is to treat him as no human being should be treated and thus to
deny his basic humanity, the core of the right which section 7 exists to
protect_. [emphasis added]

37 The second case which we wish to highlight is _Woodson_ , where the US
Supreme Court (by a majority of 5:4) struck down MDP legislation as
unconstitutional in view of the prohibition against (_inter alia_) “cruel and
unusual punishments” set out in the Eighth Amendment to the US Constitution.
Stewart J, who delivered the judgment of the majority, said in a passage at
303–305 (which was later cited with approval by Lord Bingham at [34] of
_Reyes_):

[D]eath is a punishment different from all other sanctions in kind rather than
degree. … _A process that accords no significance to relevant facets of the
character and record of the individual offender or the circumstances of the
particular offense excludes from consideration in fixing the ultimate
punishment of death the possibility of compassionate or mitigating factors
stemming from the diverse frailties of humankind. It treats all persons
convicted of a designated offense not as uniquely individual human beings, but
as members of a faceless, undifferentiated mass to be subjected to the blind
infliction of the penalty of death_.

This Court has previously recognized that “[f]or the determination of
sentences, justice generally requires consideration of more than the
particular acts by which the crime was committed and that there be taken into
account the circumstances of the offense together with the character and
propensities of the offender.” _Pennsylvania ex rel Sullivan_ v. _Ashe_ , 302
U.S. 51, 55 (1937). Consideration of both the offender and the offense in
order to arrive at a just and appropriate sentence has been viewed as a
progressive and humanizing development. … While the prevailing practice of
individualizing sentencing determinations generally reflects simply
enlightened policy rather than a constitutional imperative, we believe that in
capital cases the fundamental respect for humanity underlying the Eighth
Amendment … requires consideration of the character and record of the
individual offender and the circumstances of the particular offense as a
constitutionally indispensable part of the process of inflicting the penalty
of death.

This conclusion rests squarely on the predicate that the penalty of death is
qualitatively different from a sentence of imprisonment, however long. Death,
in its finality, differs more from life imprisonment than a 100-year prison
term differs from one of only a year or two. Because of that qualitative
difference, there is a corresponding difference in the need for reliability in
the determination that death is the appropriate punishment in a specific case.

[emphasis added]

38 It should be noted that, although Stewart J highlighted in the above
passage the qualitative difference between the death sentence and a sentence
of imprisonment (because of the finality of death) and the “corresponding
difference in the need for reliability in the determination that death [would
be] the appropriate punishment in a specific case” (see _Woodson_ at 305), he
did not say that the possibility of error in making this determination
rendered the MDP dehumanising. Instead, he held that it was the exclusion of
judicial discretion – specifically, the exclusion of “the character and record
of the individual offender and the circumstances of the particular offense”
(see _Woodson_ at 304) from the court’s consideration – which made the MDP
dehumanising. Stewart J also added that if every offender convicted of murder
were punished with death, the law would be treating all such offenders as “a
faceless, undifferentiated mass” (see _Woodson_ at 304) and would be
dehumanising them; from that perspective, the MDP was an inhuman punishment.

39 The third of the Appellant’s Art 9(1) cases which we wish to draw attention
to is _Mithu_. Several extracts of the Indian Supreme Court’s judgment in that
case were cited in a passage at [36] of _Reyes_. That passage (“the composite
passage from _Mithu_ ”) comprises certain observations made by Y V Chandrachud
CJ (at [12] and [16]) and Chinnappa Reddy J (at [25]) on s 303 of the Penal
Code 1860 (Act 45 of 1860) (India) (“the Indian Penal Code”), which imposes
the MDP on a person who commits murder while under a sentence of life
imprisonment. The passage reads as follows:

12\. … [A] provision of law which deprives the Court of the use of its wise
and beneficent discretion in a matter of life and death, without regard to the
circumstances in which the offence was committed and, therefore, without
regard to the gravity of the offence, cannot but be regarded as harsh, unjust
and unfair. ...

…

16\. Thus, there is no justification for prescribing a mandatory sentence of
death for the offence of murder committed inside or outside the prison by a
person who is under the sentence of life imprisonment. A standardized
mandatory sentence, and that too in the form of a sentence of death, fails to
take into account the facts and circumstances of each particular case. It is
those facts and circumstances which constitute a safe guideline for
determining the question of sentence in each individual case. …

…

25\. … Section 303 [of the Indian Penal Code] excludes judicial discretion.
The scales of justice are removed from the hands of the Judge so soon as he
pronounces the accused guilty of the offence. So final, so irrevocable and so
irrestitutable is the sentence of death that no law which provides for it
without involvement of the judicial mind can be said to be fair, just and
reasonable. Such a law must necessarily be stigmatised as arbitrary and
oppressive. Section 303 is such a law and it must go the way of all bad laws.
…

Mr Ravi has referred to [12] of _Mithu_ in his submissions, but not to [16]
and [25] of that judgment.

40 In addition to the Appellant’s Art 9(1) cases, Mr Ravi has also relied on
the opinions of two experts on international human rights law to contend that
the MDP is an inhuman punishment. The first of these experts is Ms Asma Jilani
Jahangir (“Ms Jahangir”), Special Rapporteur of the UN Commission on Human
Rights on extrajudicial, summary or arbitrary executions (from August 1998 to
July 2004), who, in her report to the UN General Assembly, expressed the view
that “the death penalty should _under no circumstances_ be mandatory,
regardless of the charges involved” [emphasis added] (see _Interim Report of
the Special Rapporteur of the Commission on Human Rights on Extrajudicial,
Summary or Arbitrary Executions_ , UN Doc A/55/288 (11 August 2000) at para
34). The second of the abovesaid experts is Mr Philip Alston (“Mr Alston”),
the current Special Rapporteur of the UN Commission on Human Rights on
extrajudicial, summary or arbitrary executions. In a critique of the decision
in _Nguyen_ (see “Expert on arbitrary executions calls on Singapore Government
not to carry out mandatory death sentence” (15 November 2005)), Mr Alston
expressed the view that, in _Nguyen_ , this court failed to examine _Boyce_ ,
where the dissenting members of the Privy Council (_viz_ , Lord Bingham, Lord
Nicholls of Birkenhead, Lord Steyn and Lord Walker of Gestingthorpe) accepted
the submission (at [81]) that:

No international human rights tribunal anywhere in the world has ever found a
mandatory death penalty regime compatible with international human rights
norms …

41 Mr Ravi argues that in view of the post-_Ong Ah Chuan_ and/or post-_Nguyen_
decisions from other Commonwealth jurisdictions condemning the MDP as an
inhuman punishment, coupled with the opinions of Ms Jahangir and Mr Alston as
mentioned in the preceding paragraph, this court should declare that Art 9(1)
of the Singapore Constitution prohibits the MDP.

The Prosecution’s response

42 In response to Mr Ravi’s submission that the MDP is an inhuman punishment
and that MDP legislation is therefore not “law” for the purposes of Art 9(1),
the then Attorney-General, Prof Walter Woon SC (“the AG”), who appeared in his
capacity as the Public Prosecutor, has pointed out that the Privy Council in
_Ong Ah Chuan_ and this court in _Nguyen_ decided otherwise. The AG submits
that the position laid down in _Ong Ah Chuan_ and _Nguyen_ holds good, and
that the Privy Council’s decisions in post-_Ong Ah Chuan_ and/or post-_Nguyen_
cases should not be followed because the Privy Council does not dictate human
rights standards for the rest of humanity.

The parties’ arguments on the “contrary to CIL” limb

The Appellant’s submissions

43 Turning now to the “contrary to CIL” limb of the Article 9(1) challenge, Mr
Ravi’s submission is that CIL is part of the expression “law” in Art 9(1). It
should be noted that Mr Ravi has not cited any authority for this proposition,
although, with regard to the contention that there is a CIL rule prohibiting
the MDP as an inhuman punishment, he has pointed to the fact that there are a
diminishing number of States which still retain the MDP for drug-related
offences. According to Mr Ravi, at last count, only 14 States still retain the
MDP for such offences (_cf_ the figure given by the AG as to the number of
States which still retain the MDP for drug-related _and other_ serious
offences (see [45] below)). This, Mr Ravi asserts, demonstrates the existence
of a CIL prohibition against the MDP as an inhuman punishment. In our view, Mr
Ravi’s argument is not devoid of merit, but it does not explain why the
expression “law” in Art 9(1) should be interpreted to include CIL, in
particular, the CIL rule prohibiting inhuman punishment.

The Prosecution’s response

44 In response to the Appellant’s argument that the word “law” in Art 9(1)
includes CIL, the AG has submitted that there are two possible interpretations
of this word: the first is that it refers only to statutes and the common law
as applied in Singapore; the second is that it also includes CIL in addition
to statutes and the common law as applied locally. When asked to clarify his
position as to which was the preferred interpretation, the AG said that, in
principle, the expression “law” should be interpreted to include CIL. We do
not think that the AG, by this reply, was conceding that the expression “law”
in Art 9(1) includes CIL in the sense that “law” has been defined to include
CIL, with the consequence that, once it is shown that there is a rule of CIL
prohibiting the MDP as an inhuman punishment, that CIL rule automatically
becomes part of “law” for the purposes of Art 9(1). Indeed, the constitutional
definition of “law” in Art 2(1) is quite different (see [11] above). Besides,
such a concession would be contrary to the decision in _Nguyen_ , where this
court held at [94], citing (_inter alia_) the Privy Council case of _Chung Chi
Cheung v The King_ [1939] AC 160 (“ _Chung Chi Cheung_ ”), that in the event
of a conflict between a rule of CIL and a domestic statute, the latter would
prevail. From his other submissions, it seems clear enough to us that what the
AG meant when he said that the expression “law” should be interpreted to
include CIL was that this expression would include a CIL rule which had
already been recognised and applied by a domestic court as part of Singapore
law.

45 The AG disagrees with Mr Ravi’s contention that the MDP violates the CIL
prohibition against inhuman punishment. In this regard, the AG has submitted
that the post-_Ong Ah Chuan_ and/or post-_Nguyen_ Privy Council decisions
cited by Mr Ravi (“the Privy Council cases relating to Art 9(1)”) merely
reflect a change in the Privy Council’s attitude towards the MDP and, like the
rest of the Appellant’s Art 9(1) cases, do not reflect an international
consensus that the MDP is prohibited as a rule of CIL. The AG has also pointed
out that since there are 31 States which continue to impose the MDP for drug-
related and other serious offences, the widespread state practice and the
_opinio juris sive necessitatis_ (“ _opinio juris_ ”) necessary to establish
the prohibition of that penalty as a rule of CIL are lacking.

Our decision on the Article 9(1) challenge

The “inhuman punishment” limb

46 We shall first consider the “inhuman punishment” limb of the Article 9(1)
challenge, which rests on the premise that the expression “law” in Art 9(1)
should be interpreted as excluding MDP legislation because such legislation
lays down an inhuman punishment (_viz_ , the MDP). Article 9(1), which we set
out earlier at [11] above and which we reproduce again below for ease of
reference, provides as follows:

No person shall be deprived of his life or personal liberty save in accordance
with law.

47 In view of the wording of Art 9(1), the key issue in the Article 9(1)
challenge is whether the MDP deprives a person of his life “in accordance with
law”. This, in turn, raises the question of what the word “law” as used in Art
9(1) means (in this regard, see [13]–[19] above, where we set out our local
jurisprudence on the meaning of “law” in Art 9(1)). Mr Ravi accepts (in
keeping with the case law which he has referred to) that any law (_ie_ , any
common law rule or any legislation properly enacted by the Legislature) that
provides for the death penalty as a form of punishment is, _prima facie_ ,
“law” for the purposes of Art 9(1). Hence, he accepts – correctly – that the
death penalty _per se_ does not violate Art 9(1) (in this regard, see also [6]
above). What he argues (in reliance on the Appellant’s Art 9(1) cases as
defined at [34] above) is, instead, that _MDP_ legislation violates Art 9(1)
because such legislation prescribes an inhuman punishment (_ie_ , the MDP) for
an offence. As alluded to at [7] above, Mr Ravi’s contention is that it is the
taking away of judicial discretion as to whether or not to impose the death
penalty which makes the MDP an inhuman punishment as each offender is then
treated in the same way as any other offender convicted of the same offence,
regardless of the circumstances in which he committed the offence and, thus,
regardless of his personal culpability.

48 Significantly, all of the Appellant’s Art 9(1) cases concern the offence of
murder, unlike the offence in issue in this appeal, which is the offence of
drug trafficking. Hence, the rationale underlying those cases has no direct
application to the present appeal. In this regard, it is pertinent to note the
following comments made by Lord Diplock in _Ong Ah Chuan_ at 674 (these
comments, although made in relation to Art 12(1), are also relevant to the
present discussion on Art 9(1)):

Wherever a criminal law provides for a mandatory sentence for an offence there
is a possibility that there may be considerable variation in moral
blameworthiness, despite the similarity in legal guilt of offenders upon whom
the same mandatory sentence must be passed. In the case of murder, a crime
that is often committed in the heat of passion, the likelihood of this is very
real; _it is perhaps more theoretical than real in the case of large scale
trafficking in drugs, a crime [for] which the motive is cold calculated
greed_. [emphasis added]

49 With regard to the offence of drug trafficking, what is an appropriate
threshold of culpability for imposing the MDP is, in our view, really a matter
of policy, and it is for Parliament to decide, having regard to public
interest requirements, how the scale of punishment ought to be calibrated.
This is _par excellence_ a policy issue for the Legislature and/or the
Executive, and not a judicial issue for the Judiciary. The MDA does not
recognise any gradations in culpability in drug trafficking offences except in
terms of the amount of controlled drugs trafficked. In this regard, it is a
matter of common sense that the larger the amount trafficked, the greater the
likelihood of harm done to society. Accordingly, even if the Appellant’s Art
9(1) cases bear out the conclusion that the MDP is an inhuman punishment when
it is prescribed as the punishment for murder, it does not necessarily follow
that the MDP, when prescribed as the punishment for drug trafficking, is
likewise an inhuman punishment. In any event, whatever might be the merits of
the argument (based on the Appellant’s Art 9(1) cases) that the MDP imposed
for the offence of murder is an inhuman punishment and is thus
unconstitutional, this argument has been foreclosed by constitutional
developments in Singapore (see [61]–[72] below).

50 It should also be noted that the Appellant’s Art 9(1) cases (leaving aside
_Mithu_) were decided in a different _textual_ context. All of those cases
(save for _Mithu_) involved Constitutions which _expressly_ prohibited inhuman
punishment. The key issue in those cases was thus interpretative in nature,
_ie_ : in relation to the constitutional prohibition against inhuman
punishment, was the MDP an inhuman punishment? The decisions in the
Appellant’s Art 9(1) cases (apart from _Mithu_) are therefore technically
decisions on the question of what kind of punishment would constitute inhuman
punishment and, strictly speaking, are _not_ relevant to the meaning of the
expression “law” in Art 9(1) of the Singapore Constitution. Hence, these cases
are not direct authority on the question of whether the MDP provisions in the
MDA constitute “law” for the purposes of Art 9(1).

51 That the Appellant’s Art 9(1) cases (other than _Mithu_) concern
interpretative issues can be seen from the following comments by Lord Bingham
in _Reyes_ :

25 In a modern liberal democracy it is ordinarily the task of the
democratically elected legislature to decide what conduct should be treated as
criminal, so as to attract penal consequences, and to decide what kind and
measure of punishment such conduct should attract or be liable to attract. The
prevention of crime, often very serious crime, is a matter of acute concern in
many countries around the world, and prescribing the bounds of punishment is
an important task of those elected to represent the people. _The ordinary task
of the courts is to give full and fair effect to the penal laws which the
legislature has enacted. This is sometimes described as deference shown by the
courts to the will of the democratically-elected legislature. But it is
perhaps more aptly described as the basic constitutional duty of the courts
which, in relation to enacted law, is to interpret and apply it_.

26 _When (as here) an enacted law is said to be incompatible with a right
protected by a Constitution, the court’s duty remains one of interpretation_.
If there is an issue (as here there is not) about the meaning of the enacted
law, the court must first resolve that issue. Having done so it must interpret
the Constitution to decide whether the enacted law is incompatible or not. …
As in the case of any other instrument, the court must begin its task of
constitutional interpretation by carefully considering the language used in
the Constitution. But it does not treat the language of the Constitution as if
it were found in a will or a deed or a charterparty. A generous and purposive
interpretation is to be given to constitutional provisions protecting human
rights. _The court has no licence to read its own predilections and moral
values into the Constitution, but it is required to consider the substance of
the fundamental right at issue and ensure contemporary protection of that
right in the light of evolving standards of decency that mark the progress of
a maturing society …_

[emphasis added]

52 In this appeal, Mr Ravi is arguing that, as a matter of interpretation, Art
9(1) of the Singapore Constitution should be read as incorporating some form
of prohibition against inhuman punishment similar to the prohibition expressed
in the various Constitutions at issue in the Appellant’s Art 9(1) cases (apart
from _Mithu_). In other words, what Mr Ravi is seeking to argue is that the
expression “law” in Art 9(1) _excludes_ a law that provides for an inhuman
punishment. We must emphasise that Mr Ravi is not arguing that Art 9(1)
_expressly_ prohibits inhuman punishment. He cannot make that argument on the
face of Art 9(1) without asking the court to (in effect) legislate those words
into Art 9(1). What he is arguing, instead, is that Art 9(1) should be
interpreted generously to prohibit a law that prescribes an inhuman punishment
because human values have changed and legal norms should also change to
reflect such changed human values. Mr Ravi’s argument, really, is that the
world has changed and so have the civilised norms of humanity, with the result
that the MDP is no longer acceptable, and, thus, this court should depart from
_Ong Ah Chuan_ and _Nguyen_.

53 Indeed, Mr Ravi has argued that the world had already changed by the time
_Ong Ah Chuan_ was decided in 1980, with the MDP being widely recognised by
then as an inhuman punishment which was not “in accordance with law” for the
purposes of Art 9(1), but the Privy Council in _Ong Ah Chuan_ failed to
recognise or understand this. In this connection, Mr Ravi has referred to
_Bowe_ , where the Privy Council held that the Bahamian courts had made a
similar mistake in failing to recognise, prior to the coming into force of the
1973 Constitution of the Bahamas, the incompatibility of the MDP with the
constitutional prohibition against (_inter alia_) inhuman punishment (this
prohibition was first set out in s 3 of the 1963 Constitution of the Bahamas;
it was subsequently reproduced as, respectively, s 3 of the 1969 Constitution
of the Bahamas and s 17 of the 1973 Constitution of the Bahamas). Lord Bingham
said (at [42]):

It is … clear that it took some time for the legal effect of entrenched human
rights guarantees to be appreciated, not because the meaning of the rights
changed but because the jurisprudence on human rights and constitutional
adjudication was unfamiliar and, by some courts, resisted. The task of the
court today is not to conduct a factual inquiry into the likely outcome had
the present challenge been presented on the eve of the 1973 Constitution [when
the 1969 Constitution of the Bahamas was still in force]. That would be an
inappropriate exercise for any court to adopt, perhaps turning on
personalities and judicial propensities. The task is to ascertain what the
law, correctly understood, was at the relevant time, unaffected by later legal
developments, since that is plainly the law which should have been declared
had the challenge been presented then. As it is, all the building blocks of a
correct constitutional exposition were in place well before 1973. It matters
little what lawyers and judges might have thought in their own minds: in the
context of a codified Constitution, what matters is what the Constitution says
and what it has been interpreted to mean. In 1973 there was no good authority
contrary to the appellants’ argument [_viz_ , that the MDP was an inhuman
punishment and thus contravened the constitutional prohibition against such
punishment], and much to support it. In the final resort, the most important
consideration is that those who are entitled to the protection of human rights
guarantees should enjoy that protection. The appellants should not be denied
such protection because, a quarter century before they were condemned to
death, the law was not fully understood.

54 We do not accept Mr Ravi’s criticism of _Ong Ah Chuan_. There may be good
reasons why Lord Bingham held in _Bowe_ that the Bahamian courts had made the
mistake outlined in the preceding paragraph (we should add that his Lordship’s
holding was based on the constitutional development of the Bahamas from
colonial times until the Bahamas became an independent State in 1973 (see
[13]–[21] of _Bowe_)). But, where the Singapore Constitution is concerned, Mr
Ravi’s criticism of _Ong Ah Chuan_ borders on the fanciful as it suggests
_incorrectly_ that: (a) Lord Diplock did not understand the nature of the MDP
and thus failed to recognise it as an inhuman punishment (when his Lordship
had specifically said (at 673 of _Ong Ah Chuan_) that there was nothing
unusual about a capital sentence being mandatory and that the efficacy of a
capital sentence as a deterrent might to some extent be diminished if it were
not mandatory); and (b) our courts (in post-_Ong Ah Chuan_ decisions) did not
understand the term “law” as interpreted by the Privy Council in _Ong Ah
Chuan_.

55 Mr Ravi has made much of the Privy Council cases relating to Art 9(1) (as
defined at [45] above) in attempting to buttress his case that Art 9(1) should
be read as prohibiting inhuman punishment, including the MDP. His argument
implies that even though there is no express prohibition against inhuman
punishment in the Singapore Constitution, it does not follow that Art 9(1),
which sets out the right to life, cannot be interpreted as prohibiting such
punishment. In this regard, Mr Ravi points to _Reyes_ , where the Privy
Council stated that, given its decision that the MDP provided for under s
102(1) of the Belize Criminal Code _vis-à-vis_ the offence of “class A” murder
violated s 7 of the Belize Constitution, it was unnecessary to analyse the
compatibility of that provision with ss 3 and 4 of the Belize Constitution
(apropos the right to life), but “[that] should not … be taken as a rejection
of the defendant’s arguments based on those sections” (at [48]). Another case
which Mr Ravi has relied on is _Matthew_ , where the Privy Council, although
focusing its analysis on the issue of whether the MDP was cruel and unusual
punishment and, thus, inconsistent with the prohibition against such
punishment in s 5(2)(b) of the Constitution of Trinidad and Tobago, also
stated (in addition to finding that the MDP was inconsistent with that
constitutional provision) that the MDP was inconsistent with s 4(a) of the
Constitution of Trinidad and Tobago (which sets out “the right of the
individual to life, liberty, security of the person and enjoyment of property
and the right not to be deprived thereof except by _due process of law_ ”
[emphasis added]).

56 Mr Ravi has further submitted that international human rights norms are
relevant in interpreting the Singapore Constitution as our courts, to the
extent that is permitted by the language of the Singapore Constitution, will
be slow to interpret constitutional provisions as being inconsistent with
Singapore’s international legal obligations. In this regard, Mr Ravi argues
that, even though the Singapore Constitution does not expressly prohibit
inhuman punishment, this court should, following the path made on Caribbean
soil by the Privy Council in cases such as _Reyes_ and _Matthew_ , likewise
read the moral bases of human rights – which include the right to be protected
from inhuman punishment – into the expression “law” in Art 9(1). This right
(_ie_ , the right to be protected from inhuman punishment), Mr Ravi
emphasises, is recognised in, _inter alia_ , Art 5 of the UDHR, which provides
that “[n]o one shall be subjected to torture or to cruel, inhuman or degrading
treatment or punishment”, and Art 3 of the European Convention on Human Rights
(4 November 1950), 213 UNTS 221 (“the ECHR”), which provides that “[n]o one
shall be subjected to torture or to inhuman or degrading treatment or
punishment”.

57 In his book _The Idea of Justice_ (Allen Lane, 2009), Prof Amartya Sen
(“Prof Sen”) points out (at p 359):

The framers of the [UDHR] in 1948 clearly hoped that the articulated
recognition of human rights would serve as a kind of a template for new laws
that would be enacted to legalize those human rights across the world. The
focus was on fresh legislation, and not just on more humane interpretation of
existing legal protections.

58 In this regard, Prof Sen agrees (at p 363) with Herbert Hart’s view that
moral rights (which would include human rights) should be seen as “ _parents
of law_ ” [emphasis in original] – _ie_ , as motivators of specific
legislation – rather than as “child[ren] of law” (see, likewise, p 363), which
was Jeremy Bentham’s view. This observation has resonance in the following
comments by Lord Bingham in _Reyes_ at [27]–[28] (although it should be noted
that his Lordship’s comments were made for a different purpose):

27 In considering what norms have been accepted by Belize as consistent with
the fundamental standards of humanity, it is relevant to take into account the
international instruments incorporating such norms to which Belize has
subscribed … By becoming a member of the Organisation of American States
Belize proclaimed its adherence to rights which, although not listed in the
Charter of the Organisation, are expressed in the Declaration [_ie_ , the
American Declaration of the Rights and Duties of Man adopted in 1948 at the
Ninth International Conference of American States]. With some differences of
wording, all these instruments prohibit “cruel, inhuman or degrading treatment
or punishment”, words equivalent in meaning to those used in this Constitution
[_ie_ , the Belize Constitution]. As more fully discussed below, the
requirement of humanity has been read as incorporating the precept that
consideration of the culpability of the offender and of any potentially
mitigating circumstances of the offence and the individual offender should be
regarded as a sine qua non of the humane imposition of capital punishment.

28 In interpreting the Constitution of Belize it is also relevant to recall
that for 28 years preceding independence the country was covered by the
[ECHR], the provisions of which were in large measure incorporated into Part
II of the [Belize] Constitution … [But this] does not mean that in
interpreting the Constitution of Belize effect need be given to treaties not
incorporated into the domestic law of Belize or non-binding recommendations or
opinions made or given by foreign courts or human rights bodies. _It is open
to the people of any country to lay down the rules by which they wish their
state to be governed_ and they are not bound to give effect in their
Constitution to norms and standards accepted elsewhere, perhaps in very
different societies.

[emphasis added]

59 We agree that domestic law, including the Singapore Constitution, should,
as far as possible, be interpreted consistently with Singapore’s international
legal obligations. There are, however, inherent limits on the extent to which
our courts may refer to international human rights norms for this purpose. For
instance, reference to international human rights norms would not be
appropriate where the express wording of the Singapore Constitution is not
amenable to the incorporation of the international norms in question, or where
Singapore’s constitutional history is such as to militate against the
incorporation of those international norms (in this regard, see further
[61]–[72] below). In such circumstances, in order for our courts to give full
effect to international human rights norms, it would be necessary for
Parliament to first enact new laws (as the drafters of the UDHR hoped States
would do) or even amend the Singapore Constitution to expressly provide for
rights which have not already been incorporated therein. Both of these
measures are, as Lord Bingham observed in _Reyes_ at [28] (reproduced in the
preceding paragraph), well within the prerogative of a sovereign State. In
short, the point which we seek to make is this: where our courts have reached
the limits on the extent to which they may properly have regard to
international human rights norms in interpreting the Singapore Constitution,
it would not be appropriate for them to legislate new rights into the
Singapore Constitution under the guise of interpreting existing constitutional
provisions.

60 Where the Singapore Constitution is concerned, we are of the view that it
is not possible to incorporate a prohibition against inhuman punishment
through the interpretation of existing constitutional provisions (in this
case, Art 9(1)) for two reasons.

61 First, unlike the Constitutions of the Caribbean States, the Singapore
Constitution does not contain any express prohibition against inhuman
punishment. Our constitutional history is quite different from that of the
Caribbean States. Belize and the other Caribbean States modelled their
Constitutions after the ECHR, whereas the Singapore Constitution –
specifically, Pt IV thereof on fundamental liberties – was derived (albeit
with significant modifications) from Pt II of the 1957 Constitution of the
Federation of Malaya (“the 1957 Malayan Constitution”), which formed the basis
of what we shall hereafter refer to as “the 1963 Malaysian Constitution”
(_viz_ , the Constitution of Malaysia that came into effect when Malaysia
(comprising the Federation of Malaya, Singapore, Sabah and Sarawak) was formed
on 16 September 1963). It is a little known legal fact that the ECHR was made
applicable to Singapore and the Federation of Malaya in 1953 just as it was
made applicable to Belize and several other British colonies by virtue of the
UK’s declaration under Art 63 of the ECHR (see Karel Vasak, “The European
Convention of Human Rights Beyond the Frontiers of Europe” (1963) 12 ICLQ 1206
at p 1210). The ECHR ceased to apply in the respective British colonies upon
their independence (in the case of Singapore, the ECHR ceased to apply when we
became a constituent State of Malaysia in 1963), but Belize and many other
former British colonies (especially those in the Caribbean) modelled their
Constitutions after the ECHR. As a result, the Constitutions of these
countries included a prohibition against inhuman punishment. This was not the
case for either Malaysia or Singapore.

62 When the 1957 Malayan Constitution was drafted (pursuant to advice from the
Federation of Malaya Constitutional Commission chaired by Lord Reid (“the Reid
Commission”)), no reference was made to a prohibition against inhuman
punishment in any provision of the draft Constitution; _ie_ , the Reid
Commission did not recommend the incorporation of such a prohibition. Given
that the Reid Commission’s report (_viz_ , _Report of the Federation of Malaya
Constitutional Commission 1957_ (11 February 1957)) was published in 1957 when
the prohibition against inhuman punishment already existed in the ECHR (which
applied to the Federation of Malaya prior to its independence), the omission
of a similar prohibition from the 1957 Malayan Constitution was clearly not
due to ignorance or oversight on the part of the Reid Commission. The
prohibition against inhuman punishment was likewise omitted from the 1963
Malaysian Constitution.

63 When Singapore separated from Malaysia and became an independent sovereign
republic on 9 August 1965, we inherited a state Constitution (_ie_ , the
Constitution of the State of Singapore set out in Schedule 3 to the Sabah,
Sarawak and Singapore (State Constitutions) Order in Council 1963 (GN No S1 of
1963)) and many provisions of the 1963 Malaysian Constitution, including
(_inter alia_) the provisions on fundamental liberties that are now Arts 9–16
in Pt IV of the Singapore Constitution. As a result of the aforesaid
developments in our constitutional history, the Singapore Constitution, unlike
many other Commonwealth Constitutions, is not modelled after the ECHR and does
not contain an express prohibition against inhuman punishment. This weakens Mr
Ravi’s contention that the Singapore Constitution should be read as
incorporating an implied prohibition to this effect.

64 The second and more important reason why it is not possible to interpret
the Singapore Constitution as incorporating a prohibition against inhuman
punishment is that a proposal to add an _express_ constitutional provision to
this effect was made to the Government in 1966 by the constitutional
commission chaired by Wee Chong Jin CJ (“the Wee Commission”), but that
proposal was ultimately rejected by the Government. The Wee Commission was
appointed to look into (among other things) the protection of minority rights
in Singapore after we became an independent sovereign republic. To this end,
the Wee Commission studied the constitutional texts of some 40 different
British colonies and dominions and newly independent nations as well as non-
Commonwealth Constitutions (see _Evolution of a Revolution: Forty years of the
Singapore Constitution_ (Li-ann Thio & Kevin Y L Tan eds) (Routledge
Cavendish, 2009) at pp 11–12), and, in its written report (_viz_ , _Report of
the Constitutional Commission 1966_ (27 August 1966) (“the 1966 Report”)),
went out of its way to recommend, _inter alia_ , the inclusion of a
constitutional provision prohibiting torture or inhuman punishment.

65 The Wee Commission gave the following reasons for its recommendation (see
the 1966 Report at para 40):

In looking at other written Constitutions[,] we find a _fundamental human
right_ which is acknowledged and protected in all of them but which is not
written into the Constitution of Malaysia [_ie_ , the 1963 Malaysian
Constitution, certain provisions of which continued in force in Singapore
after 9 August 1965 by virtue of the Republic of Singapore Independence Act
1965 (Act 9 of 1965)]. This is the right of every individual not to be
subjected to torture or inhuman treatment. We think it is beneficial if this
right is written into the Constitution of Singapore as a fundamental right and
accordingly we recommend a new Article as follows —

“13.—(1)  _No person shall be subjected to torture or to inhuman or degrading
punishment or other treatment_.

(2) Nothing contained in or done under the authority of any law shall be held
to be inconsistent with or in contravention of this Article to the extent that
the law in question authorises the infliction of any punishment or the
administration of any treatment that was lawful immediately before the coming
into force of this Article.”

[emphasis added]

For convenience, we shall hereafter refer to the new Article proposed by the
Wee Commission as “the proposed Art 13”, and to the two subsections of this
proposed Article as, respectively, “the proposed Art 13(1)” and “the proposed
Art 13(2)”.

66 Three things may be noted about the proposed Art 13. The first is that the
proposed Art 13(1) is effectively word for word the same as both Art 3 of the
ECHR and s 7 of the Belize Constitution (which was the subject matter of the
decision in _Reyes_). The second is that the proposed Art 13(1) and the
proposed Art 13(2) are _in pari materia_ with: (a) ss 15(1) and 15(2)
respectively of the Constitution of Barbados (which provisions were commented
on by the Privy Council in _Boyce_ at, _inter alia_ , [28]); and (b) ss 17(1)
and 17(2) respectively of the Constitution of Jamaica (which Constitution was
construed in _Pratt_ , a decision rejected by this court in _Jabar_ (see [18]
above)). Third, the proposed Art 13(2), which is essentially a savings clause
to preserve the validity of _punishments_ existing before the coming into
force of the proposed Art 13 (regardless of whether or not such punishments
are inhuman), is also substantially the same as para 10 of Schedule 2 to the
Saint Lucia Constitution Order 1978 (SI 1978/1901) (“the Saint Lucia savings
clause”).

67 The Saint Lucia savings clause reads as follows:

Nothing contained in or done under the authority of any law shall be held to
be inconsistent with or in contravention of section 5 of the Constitution [of
Saint Lucia] to the extent that the law in question authorises the infliction
of any description of punishment that was lawful in Saint Lucia immediately
before 1 March 1967 (being the date on which Saint Lucia became an associated
state).

68 In _Hughes_ , the Privy Council held that the above clause was inadequate
to save the MDP imposed for murder under s 178 of the Criminal Code of Saint
Lucia as revised in 1992 (“Saint Lucia’s Criminal Code”) from
unconstitutionality (in terms of violating the constitutional prohibition
against inhuman punishment set out in s 5 of the Constitution of Saint Lucia).
The Privy Council, relying on the word “authorises” (which is also used in the
proposed Art 13(2)), stated (at [47] of _Hughes_):

[T]here is a world of difference between a law that _requires_ a judge to
impose the death penalty in all cases of murder and a law that merely
_authorises_ him to do so. More particularly, it is because the law requires,
rather than merely authorises, the judge to impose the death sentence that
there is no room for mitigation and no room for the consideration of the
individual circumstances of the defendant or of the murder. [emphasis added]

Proceeding on this basis, the Privy Council held that s 178 of Saint Lucia’s
Criminal Code fell outside the scope of the Saint Lucia savings clause “to the
extent that it … require[d] the infliction of the death penalty in all cases
of murder” (at [48]). In other words, the Saint Lucia savings clause saved
only the discretionary death penalty, but not the MDP.

69 Since the proposed Art 13 is not part of the Singapore Constitution, the
Privy Council’s decision in _Hughes_ , which turned on the interpretation of
the word “authorises” in the Saint Lucia savings clause, is not relevant in
the present appeal. Nevertheless, we wish to add that, whatever the
legislative intent of the Saint Lucia savings clause was, we find it difficult
to believe that when the Wee Commission raised the proposed Art 13(2) for the
Government’s consideration, it intended to exclude from the protection of this
provision all punishments “required” by law, such as the MDP for murder,
mandatory caning for other offences as well as the various mandatory minimum
punishments prescribed under the then existing criminal statutes (for example,
the Vandalism Act 1966 (Act 38 of 1966), which came into force on 16 September
1966). It seems to us that the converse was more likely, _ie_ , the Wee
Commission intended the proposed Art 13(2) to prevent the raising of any
argument that any pre-existing lawful punishment of whatever nature would be
in violation of the proposed Art 13 (1) upon the proposed Art 13 taking
effect.

70 In this regard, we note that the word “requires” was not used in the
proposed Art 13(2). The word used was, instead, “authorises”. It is an
established principle of interpretation that the meaning of a word is derived
from the context in which that word is used. The purpose of a savings clause
in the nature of the proposed Art 13(2) is clearly to save from possible
unconstitutionality all existing punishments that were lawful prior to the
coming into effect of a new constitutional right (such as that set out in the
proposed Art 13(1)). If the word “authorises” in such a savings clause is
indeed intended to exclude existing punishments that are “required” to be
imposed (_ie_ , mandatory punishments such as the MDP), it would be far easier
to simply abrogate all those punishments so as to conform to the new
constitutional right in question, instead of leaving the constitutional
validity of those punishments in doubt until a court decides, long after the
event, which of the “required” punishments are saved and which are not. It
seems to us rather surprising that a punishment which the court is “required”
to impose for a particular offence (_eg_ , the MDP) can be construed as
falling outside the ambit of “authorised” punishments. This is because, if the
court is “required” to inflict a particular punishment, it is _a fortiori_
authorised to inflict that punishment.

71 Returning to the Wee Commission’s recommendations as set out in the 1966
Report, the Government accepted many of those recommendations in their
entirety. There were other recommendations which the Government agreed to in
principle, but not with regard to the details; and there were yet other
recommendations which the Government found to be unacceptable. In respect of
the proposed Art 13, the Government accepted _in principle_ that no individual
should be subjected to torture, but it omitted any reference to protection
from inhuman punishment (see _Singapore Parliamentary Debates, Official
Report_ (21 December 1966) vol 25 at cols 1052–1053) (Mr E W Barker, Minister
for Law and National Development)). Ultimately, the Government did not include
the proposed Art 13 in the amendments to the Singapore Constitution, and the
Constitution (Amendment) Act 1969 (Act 19 of 1969), which was passed to give
effect to provisions of the 1966 Report that the Government accepted, provided
for only the establishment of what is now the Presidential Council for
Minority Rights to, _inter alia_ , serve as “an additional check on … matters
which might affect the minorities” (see the 1966 Report at para 16).

72 The Government’s rejection of the proposed Art 13 was unambiguous, whatever
the reasons for such rejection were. This development, in our view, forecloses
Mr Ravi’s argument that it is open to this court to interpret Art 9(1) of the
Singapore Constitution as incorporating a prohibition against inhuman
punishment. We may reasonably assume that the Wee Commission recommended the
inclusion of the proposed Art 13 in the Singapore Constitution because Art
9(1) did not deal with the same subject matter as that of the proposed Art
13(1) (_viz_ , prohibition of inhuman punishment); otherwise, Art 9(1) would
have been redundant. The Government’s rejection of the proposed Art 13(1) –
the content of which forms the basis of the ruling in the Privy Council cases
relating to Art 9(1) that the MDP is an inhuman punishment – makes it
impossible for the Appellant to now challenge the constitutionality of the MDP
by relying on these Privy Council cases. It is not legitimate for this court
to read into Art 9(1) a constitutional right which was decisively rejected by
the Government in 1969, especially given the historical context in which that
right was rejected. We therefore conclude that Mr Ravi’s proposed
interpretation of Art 9(1) as incorporating a prohibition against inhuman
punishment is an interpretation which our courts are barred from adopting.

73 In this connection, we wish to highlight Lord Bingham’s observation in
_Reyes_ at [28] (quoted at [58] above) that States are not bound to give
effect in their Constitutions to norms and standards accepted elsewhere,
perhaps in very different societies. It is also pertinent to refer to the
judgment of Lord Nicholls in _Matthew_ , where his Lordship said:

73 … If the requisite legislative support for a change in the Constitution is
forthcoming, a deliberate departure from fundamental human rights may be made,
profoundly regrettable although this may be. That is the prerogative of the
legislature.

74 If departure from fundamental human rights is desired, that is the way it
should be done. The Constitution should be amended explicitly. …

74 In our view, the reasoning of Lord Nicholls in the above quotation is
equally apt to apply to the Government’s decision in 1969 to reject the
proposed Art 13, with the result that the right to freedom from inhuman
punishment was not elevated to a constitutional right. There is, in substance,
no difference between _repealing_ an existing constitutional provision
prohibiting inhuman punishment and _deliberately deciding not to enact_ such a
constitutional provision in the first place. On this ground alone, there is no
legitimate basis for this court to now expand, via an interpretative exercise,
the scope of Art 9(1) so as to include a prohibition against inhuman
punishment.

75 This conclusion does not mean that, because the proposed Art 13 included a
prohibition against torture, an Act of Parliament that permits torture can
form part of “law” for the purposes of Art 9(1). Currently, no domestic
legislation permits torture. In any case, torture is not the issue before us.
All that is necessary is for us to reiterate the Privy Council’s position in
_Ong Ah Chuan_ (at 659 (quoted at [16] above)) that Art 9(1) does not justify
all legislation, whatever its nature. It also bears mention that the
Government has expressed the view that torture is wrong (see _Singapore
Parliamentary Debates, Official Report_ (29 July 1987) vol 49 at cols
1491–1492 (Prof S Jayakumar, Minister for Home Affairs)). This explicit
recognition by the Government that torture is wrong in the local context
stands in sharp contrast to the absence of any statement on its part (in the
context of our national policy on combating drug trafficking in Singapore)
that the MDP is an inhuman punishment. In addition, torture, in so far as it
causes harm to the body with criminal intent, is already criminalised under ch
XVI of the Singapore Penal Code, which sets out the types of offences
affecting the human body.

76 We shall now consider the Appellant’s reliance on _Mithu_ to support the
contention that Art 9(1) of the Singapore Constitution should be read as
incorporating a prohibition against inhuman punishment. Mr Ravi has submitted
that, in _Mithu_ , the Supreme Court of India ruled that the MDP was
unconstitutional as it violated Arts 14 and 21 of the Indian Constitution
(_viz_ , the Indian equivalent of, respectively, Arts 12(1) and 9(1) of the
Singapore Constitution).

77 Articles 14 and 21 of the Indian Constitution read as follows:

**14**. The State shall not deny to any person equality before the law or the
equal protection of the laws within the territory of India.

…

**21**. No person shall be deprived of his life or personal liberty except
_according to procedure established by law_.

[emphasis added]

The issue in _Mithu_ was whether s 303 of the Indian Penal Code (which, as
mentioned at [39] above, lays down the MDP for the offence of murder committed
by a person whilst under a sentence of life imprisonment) infringed these two
Articles of the Indian Constitution. The Supreme Court of India held that s
303 infringed Art 14 as there was no rational justification for making a
distinction between the punishment imposed on a person who committed murder
whilst under a sentence of life imprisonment and the punishment imposed on a
person who committed murder under other circumstances.

78 With regard to Art 21, the Indian Supreme Court held that the phrase
“procedure established by law” meant “according to fair, just and reasonable
procedure established by valid law” (see _Mithu_ at [6]). On this basis, the
Supreme Court held, further, that:

(a) it was harsh, unjust and unfair to condemn a murderer to death without
taking into account the circumstances in which he committed the murder (at
[12]); and

(b) a provision which precluded the court from exercising judicial discretion
as to whether or not the MDP should be imposed was arbitrary and oppressive
(at [25]).

In short, what the Indian Supreme Court objected to in _Mithu_ was the fact
that, under s 303 of the Indian Penal Code (at [25]):

The scales of justice are removed from the hands of the Judge so soon as he
pronounces the accused guilty of the offence [and] … the sentence of death …
[is] provide[d] for … without involvement of the judicial mind …

79 In our view, there are three reasons why, contrary to what Mr Ravi
advocated, we cannot apply the reasoning in _Mithu_ to interpret Art 9(1) of
the Singapore Constitution as prohibiting inhuman punishment generally and the
MDP in particular. The first reason is that the test for the constitutional
validity of laws under Art 9(1) of the Singapore Constitution is different
from the test under Art 21 of the Indian Constitution. _Mithu_ was not a case
about inhuman punishment (_cf_ the decisions in the rest of the Appellant’s
Art 9(1) cases), although Chandrachud CJ did say in his judgment (at [6]) that
“[a] savage sentence [was] anathema to the civilized jurisprudence of Article
21” (in this regard, the learned Chief Justice gave the example of cutting off
the offender’s hands as a punishment for theft). The issue before the court
was not whether the MDP was inhuman, but whether s 303 of the Indian Penal
Code was procedurally “fair, just and reasonable” (at [6]) when it “deprive[d]
the Court of the use of its wise and beneficent discretion in a matter of life
and death” (at [12]). What we now have to consider is whether this test of
fair, just and reasonable procedure employed by the Indian Supreme Court (“the
‘fair, just and reasonable procedure’ test”) for the purposes of determining
the constitutional validity of laws under Art 21 of the Indian Constitution is
applicable in our local context to Art 9(1) of the Singapore Constitution.

80 As stated earlier (at [11] and [46] above), Art 9(1) of the Singapore
Constitution provides as follows:

No person shall be deprived of his life or personal liberty save _in
accordance with law_. [emphasis added]

Although the expression “law” may include substantive law as well as
procedural law, it does not follow that any procedural law must be “fair, just
and reasonable” (see _Mithu_ at [6]) before it can constitute “law” for the
purposes of Art 9(1). Article 9(1) contains no such qualification; nor can
such a qualification be implied from its context or its wording. It must also
be noted that the Privy Council in _Ong Ah Chuan_ did not adopt the “fair,
just and reasonable procedure” test as the criterion for determining the
constitutional validity of laws under Art 9(1) (because that would have been
too vague a test of constitutionality). Such a test hinges on the court’s view
of the reasonableness of the law in question, and requires the court to
intrude into the legislative sphere of Parliament as well as engage in policy
making. Thus, in _Ong Ah Chuan_ , the Privy Council only required, for the
purposes of Art 9(1), that any law depriving a person of his life or personal
liberty must be consistent with “fundamental principles of natural justice”
(at 670).

81 Our second reason for rejecting Mr Ravi’s submissions on _Mithu_ is that
the Indian Supreme Court in that case paid no regard to the overall context of
Art 21 of the Indian Constitution, which applies not only to deprivation of
life, but also deprivation of personal liberty. The court declared the MDP as
provided for under s 303 of the Indian Penal Code to be inconsistent with Art
21 without reference to the context of that Article, which (as just mentioned)
also allows for derogation from the right to personal liberty. If the
objection to the MDP is the absence of judicial discretion to calibrate the
sentence according to the circumstances of the case, then all mandatory
sentences (and, indeed, all fixed minimum and maximum sentences prescribed by
the Legislature) will contravene Art 21. It may be that this is the law in
India. But, it is not the law in Singapore. In _Ong Ah Chuan_ , this was an
extreme position which the appellants’ counsel refrained from taking (see _Ong
Ah Chuan_ at 673 (as reproduced at [21] above)). Mr Ravi has also not taken
this position before this court.

82 It may well be that the Indian Supreme Court in _Mithu_ considered that the
death penalty was qualitatively different from other punishments (a view also
expressed by Stewart J in _Woodson_ at 305 (quoted at [37] above)), and, thus,
a _different_ standard must be adhered to in terms of the _procedure_ for
imposing the death penalty. With respect, we do not think this reasoning is
applicable to Art 9(1) of the Singapore Constitution. While we agree that it
is beyond doubt that the death penalty is qualitatively different from other
lesser punishments, the relevant question in this appeal is whether
Parliament’s power to legislate for the imposition of the death penalty as the
_mandatory_ punishment for a serious offence is circumscribed because of this
qualitative difference. In our view, the plain wording of Art 9(1) does not
support the conclusion that Parliament cannot make the death penalty
mandatory. We do not think that we can give to Art 9(1) of the Singapore
Constitution the same expansive interpretation as that which the Indian
Supreme Court has given to Art 21 of the Indian Constitution.

83 Our third reason for not applying the reasoning in _Mithu_ to Art 9(1) of
the Singapore Constitution is that the Indian Supreme Court has given Art 21
of the Indian Constitution pride of place in India’s constitutional framework.
The expansive interpretation of Art 21 was established progressively in three
cases, namely, _Smt Maneka Gandhi v Union of India and another_ AIR 1978 SC
597, _Sunil Batra v Delhi Administration and others_ AIR 1978 SC 1675 and
_Bachan Singh v State of Punjab_ AIR 1980 SC 898. The decision in _Mithu_ is
entirely understandable, having regard to the economic, social and political
conditions prevailing in India and the pro-active approach of the Indian
Supreme Court in matters relating to the social and economic conditions of the
people of India. In this regard, since its decision in _Mithu_ , the Indian
Supreme Court has expanded the scope of Art 21 even further to include
numerous rights relating to life, such as the right to education, the right to
health and medical care and the right to freedom from noise pollution (see
generally _Shorter Constitution of India_ (A R Lakshmanan _et al_ eds)
(LexisNexis Butterworths Wadhwa Nagpur, 14th Ed, 2009) at vol 1, pp 364–414).

84 In our view, it is not possible for this court to interpret Art 9(1) of the
Singapore Constitution in the same way that the Indian Supreme Court has
interpreted Art 21 of the Indian Constitution. Although the right to life is
the most basic of human rights, Art 9(1) of the Singapore Constitution
expressly allows a person’s life to be taken away in accordance with law. The
MDP is provided by law. With regard to the offence of murder, the MDP has been
the punishment prescribed by our penal legislation since 14 March 1883, when
what is now s 302 of the Singapore Penal Code was enacted via s 1 of the Penal
Code Amendment Ordinance 1883 (Ordinance 2 of 1883) (“the Penal Code Amendment
Ordinance”). The MDP was not abolished by the UK government during the period
when the ECHR applied in Singapore (see [61] above), and it survived under the
1963 Malaysian Constitution as well as the Singapore Constitution. The
constitutional validity of the MDP was affirmed by the Privy Council in 1980
in _Ong Ah Chuan_ and also by this court in 2004 in _Nguyen_. Since the latter
decision, there has been no change in the legal matrix (including CIL (see
[87]–[99] below)) that requires this court to give a different interpretation
to the expression “law” in Art 9(1) and declare that MDP legislation is not
“law” for the purposes of this provision. The development in human rights
jurisprudence as manifested in the Privy Council cases relating to Art 9(1) is
not relevant to the interpretation of Art 9(1) as those cases all concern the
meaning of express constitutional prohibitions against inhuman punishment.

85 For the foregoing reasons, we reject Mr Ravi’s submissions on _Mithu_ and,
in turn, the Appellant’s argument on the “inhuman punishment” limb of the
Article 9(1) challenge.

86 We would add that, in so far as this limb of the Article 9(1) challenge
rests on the argument that the objectionable element in MDP legislation is the
absence of judicial discretion in imposing the punishment prescribed by law
(from the viewpoint that MDP legislation requires the courts to impose the MDP
in an arbitrary, absurd or mindless manner on different offenders regardless
of the different circumstances of each offender’s case), it raises an issue
which is, in essence, no different from the question of whether MDP
legislation is consistent with the right under Art 12(1) of the Singapore
Constitution, _ie_ , the right to equal protection of the law. In other words,
Mr Ravi’s objection to the MDP provisions in the MDA on the ground that these
provisions are arbitrary and thus inconsistent with Art 12(1) overlaps with
the objection based on Art 9(1) (_viz_ , that Art 9(1) does not sanction an
arbitrary law that takes away an individual’s life). In the context of Art
9(1), the argument is that the MDP provisions in the MDA impose the MDP on
convicted drug traffickers in so arbitrary and absurd a manner that these
provisions cannot constitute “law”. In the context of Art 12(1), the argument
is that the MDP provisions in the MDA, which make the 15g differentia the only
criterion, to the exclusion of all other considerations, for determining
whether or not the MDP is to be imposed for trafficking in diamorphine, are
arbitrary and thus do not accord to convicted drug traffickers equal
protection of the law. We shall address this point below (at [111]–[119]) when
we consider the Article 12(1) challenge.

The “contrary to CIL” limb

87 We now turn to the “contrary to CIL” limb of the Article 9(1) challenge,
which is based on the proposition that CIL prohibits the MDP as an inhuman
punishment and, because CIL is “law” for the purposes of Art 9(1) of the
Singapore Constitution, the MDP is unconstitutional. This limb of the Article
9(1) challenge is quite different from the “inhuman punishment” limb, which
centres on interpreting the expression “law” in Art 9(1) to exclude any law
providing for inhuman punishment. On his part, the AG expressed his agreement
that the expression “law” should be given a liberal, rather than a
restrictive, interpretation to include CIL (see [44] above). However, as we
pointed out earlier (likewise at [44] above), we do not think that the AG
meant to agree that so long as it can be shown to the satisfaction of the
court that a particular rule has become part of CIL, that rule automatically
becomes “law” for the purposes of Art 9(1) in the sense that it becomes part
of Singapore law by operation of either the common law or Art 9(1) itself. Be
that as it may, even if the AG did agree with Mr Ravi’s proposition that “law”
in Art 9(1) includes CIL, this court is free to reject this submission. As a
general principle, the court is not obliged to accept as the law what the
parties agree should be the law, even in a case such as the present, where one
of the parties concerned is the AG acting in his capacity as the Public
Prosecutor. Thus, in the present case, we can – and, indeed, must – still
consider whether the interpretation advanced by Mr Ravi (_viz_ , that CIL is
part of “law” for the purposes of Art 9(1)) is an interpretation which is
legally correct.

88 Let us first consider the effect of the proposition that the expression
“law” in Art 9(1) includes CIL. If this proposition were accepted, it would
mean that any rule of CIL would be cloaked with constitutional status and
would override any existing MDP legislation, such as s 302 of the Singapore
Penal Code, which, as mentioned at [84] above, can be traced back to 1883 (see
s 1 of the Penal Code Amendment Ordinance).

89 Ordinarily, in common law jurisdictions, CIL is incorporated into domestic
law by the courts as part of the common law in so far as it is not
inconsistent with domestic rules which have been enacted by statutes or
finally declared by the courts. (A rule of CIL may, of course, also be
incorporated by statute, but, in that situation, the rule in question will
become part of domestic legislation and will be enforced as such; _ie_ , it
will no longer be treated as a rule of CIL.) The classic exposition of the
principle delineating when a CIL rule becomes part of domestic common law is
set out in the Privy Council case of _Chung Chi Cheung_ (cited by this court
in _Nguyen_ at [94]), where Lord Atkin explained (at 167–168):

[S]o far, at any rate, as the Courts of this country are concerned,
international law has no validity save in so far as its principles are
accepted and adopted by our own domestic law. There is no external power that
imposes its rules upon our own code of substantive law or procedure. The
Courts acknowledge the existence of a body of rules which nations accept
amongst themselves. On any judicial issue they seek to ascertain what the
relevant rule is, and, having found it, they will treat it as incorporated
into the domestic law, so far as it is not inconsistent with rules enacted by
statutes or finally declared by their tribunals.

Other authorities which illustrate this principle include _Collco Dealings Ltd
v Inland Revenue Commissioners_ [1962] AC 1 (likewise referred to in _Nguyen_
at [94]); Ian Brownlie, _Principles of Public International Law_ (Oxford
University Press, 7th Ed, 2008) at p 44; _Oppenheim’s International Law,
Volume 1: Peace_ (Robert Jennings & Arthur Watts eds) (Longman, 9th Ed, 1992)
at p 56; and Peter Malanczuk, _Akehurst’s Modern Introduction to International
Law_ (Routledge, 7th Rev Ed, 1997) at p 69.

90 The principle enunciated by Lord Atkin in _Chung Chi Cheung_ entails that,
at common law, a CIL rule must first be accepted and adopted as part of our
domestic law before it is valid in Singapore – _ie_ , a Singapore court would
need to determine that the CIL rule in question is consistent with “rules
enacted by statutes or finally declared by [our] tribunals” (_per_ Lord Atkin
in _Chung Chi Cheung_ at 168) and either declare that rule to be part of
Singapore law or apply it as part of our law. Without such a declaration or
such application, the CIL rule in question would merely be floating in the
air. Once that CIL rule has been incorporated by our courts into our domestic
law, it becomes part of the common law. The common law is, however,
subordinate to statute law. Hence, ordinarily, CIL which is received via the
common law is subordinate to statute law. If we accept Mr Ravi’s submission
that the expression “law” in Art 9(1) includes CIL, the hierarchy of legal
rules would be reversed: any rule of CIL that is received via the common law
would be cloaked with constitutional status and would nullify any statute or
any binding judicial precedent which is inconsistent with it.

91 In our view, a rule of CIL is not self-executing in the sense that it
cannot become part of domestic law until and unless it has been applied as or
definitively declared to be part of domestic law by a domestic court. The
expression “law” is defined in Art 2(1) to include the common law only “in so
far as it is in operation in Singapore”. It must therefore follow that until a
Singapore court has applied the CIL rule prohibiting the MDP as an inhuman
punishment (if such a rule exists) or has declared that rule as having legal
effect locally, that rule will not be in operation in Singapore. In the
present case, given the existence of the MDP in several of our statutes, our
courts cannot treat the alleged CIL rule prohibiting inhuman punishment as
having been incorporated into Singapore law, and, therefore, this alleged CIL
rule would not be “law” for the purposes of Art 9(1). We might add that (as
noted at [44] above), in _Nguyen_ , this court held (at [94]) that in the
event of any conflict between a rule of CIL and a domestic statute, the latter
would prevail.

92 There is an even stronger reason why, even if we accept that “law” in Art
9(1) includes CIL, the specific CIL rule prohibiting the MDP as an inhuman
punishment (assuming there is such a rule) cannot be regarded as part of “law”
for the purposes of this provision. As mentioned earlier (at [64]–[65] and
[71] above), the Wee Commission had in 1966 recommended adding a prohibition
against inhuman punishment (in the form of the proposed Art 13) to the
Singapore Constitution, but that recommendation was rejected by the
Government. Given that the Government deliberated on but consciously rejected
this suggestion of incorporating into the Singapore Constitution an express
prohibition against _inhuman punishment generally_ , a CIL rule prohibiting
such punishment – let alone a CIL rule prohibiting _the MDP specifically_ as
an inhuman punishment – cannot now be treated as “law” for the purposes of Art
9(1). In other words, given the historical development of the Singapore
Constitution, it is not possible for us to accept Mr Ravi’s submission on the
meaning of the expression “law” in Art 9(1) without acting as legislators in
the guise of interpreters of the Singapore Constitution.

93 In any event, there is one other crucial threshold which Mr Ravi must cross
before he can make out a case that “law” in Art 9(1) includes the CIL
prohibition against the MDP (assuming this prohibition does indeed exist),
namely, he must show that the content of the CIL rule prohibiting inhuman
punishment is such as to prohibit the MDP specifically. To this question, we
now turn.

94 In attempting to show that the prohibition against the MDP has become part
and parcel of the CIL rule prohibiting inhuman punishment, Mr Ravi has relied
on the following evidence:

(a) first, the fact that only 14 countries in the world (_ie_ , approximately
7% of the countries in the world) still retain the MDP for drug-related
offences;

(b) second, the plethora of decisions (including the Privy Council cases
relating to Art 9(1)) which hold the MDP to be an inhuman punishment; and

(c) third, the opinions of Ms Jahangir and Mr Alston on the status of the MDP
(see [40] above).

By way of rebuttal, the AG has pointed out that there are in fact 31 States
which still retain the MDP for drug-related and other serious offences (see
[45] above).

95 In an extensive survey of the status of the death penalty worldwide, Roger
Hood and Carolyn Hoyle, the learned authors of _The Death Penalty: A Worldwide
Perspective_ (Oxford University Press, 4th Ed, 2008) (“ _The Death Penalty_
”), make the following observations on the MDP in relation to drug-related
offences specifically (at pp 137–138):

Many countries in Asia, the Middle East, and North Africa, and in a few other
parts of the world, have responded to international concern about the growth
of illicit trafficking in ‘dangerous’ drugs by introducing the death penalty
for both importation and ‘possession for sale’ of certain amounts of such
drugs, or by making the death penalty mandatory for such offences where it was
previously optional. According to a survey in 1979, the death penalty could be
imposed for drug trafficking in 10 countries. Just six years later, in 1985, a
United Nations survey revealed that such offences could, in certain
circumstances, be punished by death in 22 countries. By the end of 2006 the
number was at least 31. …

… A number of these countries have made the death penalty mandatory,
especially for recidivist drug offenders and trading on a large scale. Others,
such as Iran (1969), Thailand (1979), Singapore (1975 and 1989), and Malaysia
(1983) have made capital punishment mandatory for possession of even
relatively small amounts. …

The learned authors then continue as follows (at pp 279–280):

The death penalty is still mandatory for some crimes in less than a third (31)
of the 95 retentionist and abolitionist _de facto_ countries that at present
(December 2007) retain the death penalty on their statute books, even if no
persons have been, or are very rarely, executed for them. Whilst it is usually
only mandatory for ‘capital murder’, it is still the only sentence available
for armed robbery in several African countries, including Kenya (ADF
[abolitionist _de facto_]), Nigeria, Tanzania (ADF), and Zambia. Further, 12
of the 26 countries which introduced the death penalty for producing, or
trading in, illicit drugs have made it mandatory on conviction of possessing
quantities over certain prescribed (and sometimes relatively modest) amounts.
This is the case in Brunei Darussalam (ADF), Egypt, Guyana (ADF), India, Iran,
Jordan, Malaysia, Qatar, Saudi Arabia, Singapore, Thailand and the United Arab
Emirates …

96 Of the States referred to in the two passages quoted above, the practice in
India is inconclusive. Despite the Supreme Court of India’s decision in
_Mithu_ (discussed at [76]–[85] above) that s 303 of the Indian Penal Code was
unconstitutional, subsequent to that decision, the Indian legislature passed
the Narcotics Drugs and Psychotropic Substances Act 1985 (Act 61 of 1985)
(India) and the Scheduled Castes and the Scheduled Tribes (Prevention of
Atrocities) Act 1989 (Act 33 of 1989) (India), both of which provide for the
MDP. Also, some of the other States referred to in the above extracts from
_The Death Penalty_ are abolitionist _de facto_ , which means that they retain
the MDP on their statute books, but in practice do not carry out that penalty.
Leaving aside those States and India, this still leaves a significant number
of States which impose, both in law and in practice, the MDP for drug-related
and other serious offences. As a result, although the majority of States in
the international community do not impose the MDP for drug trafficking, this
does not make the prohibition against the MDP a rule of CIL. Observance of a
particular rule by a majority of States is not equivalent to extensive and
virtually uniform practice by all States (see further [98] below). The latter,
together with _opinio juris_ , is what is needed for the rule in question to
become a rule of CIL.

97 As for the Privy Council cases relating to Art 9(1) and the expert opinions
of Ms Jahangir and Mr Alston, they are relevant, but they are not in
themselves sources of CIL. Instead, they are a _subsidiary_ means for
determining the existence or otherwise of rules of CIL. This well-established
proposition is encapsulated in Art 38(1)(d) of the Statute of the
International Court of Justice (26 June 1945), 33 UNTS 993 (“the ICJ
Statute”), which provides that:

1\. The Court, whose function is to decide in accordance with international
law such disputes as are submitted to it, shall apply:

a. international conventions, whether general or particular, establishing
rules expressly recognized by the contesting states;

b. international custom, as evidence of a general practice accepted as law;

c. the general principles of law recognized by civilized nations;

d. subject to the provisions of Article 59, judicial decisions and the
teachings of the most highly qualified publicists of the various nations, as
_subsidiary means_ for the determination of rules of law.

[emphasis added]

98 Hence, although “judicial decisions and the teachings of the most highly
qualified publicists of the various nations” (_per_ Art 38(1)(d) of the ICJ
Statute) are relevant in determining the existence of rules of CIL, they are
relevant only as a subsidiary means for such determination (see generally
Andreas Zimmermann, Christian Tomuschat & Karin Oellers-Frahm, _The Statute of
the International Court of Justice: A Commentary_ (Oxford University Press,
2006) at paras 298–324). In the final analysis, as the International Court of
Justice observed in _Case Concerning the Continental Shelf (Libyan Arab
Jamahiriya v Malta)_ [1985] ICJ 13 at [27], the substance of CIL “is to be
looked for primarily in the actual practice and _opinio juris_ of States”. To
establish a rule of CIL, the state practice accompanying the _opinio juris_ of
States must be “both extensive and virtually uniform” (see the seminal
decision of the International Court of Justice on CIL in _North Sea
Continental Shelf Cases (Federal Republic of Germany v Denmark; Federal
Republic of Germany v Netherlands)_ [1969] ICJ 3 at [74]; see also _Case
Concerning Right of Passage over Indian Territory (Portugal v India)_ [1960]
ICJ 6 at 40 and _Asylum Case (Columbia v Peru)_ [1950] ICJ 266 at 276–277). As
we stated above (at [96]), there is a lack of extensive and virtually uniform
state practice to support Mr Ravi’s contention that CIL prohibits the MDP as
an inhuman punishment.

99 For these reasons, we are unable to accept Mr Ravi’s contention that the
content of the CIL rule prohibiting inhuman punishment is such as to prohibit
the MDP. In our view, there does not presently exist a rule of CIL prohibiting
the MDP as an inhuman punishment. Accordingly, we also reject Mr Ravi’s
arguments on the “contrary to CIL” limb of the Article 9(1) challenge. The
Article 9(1) challenge therefore fails.

The Article 12(1) challenge: Whether the MDP provisions in the MDA are
consistent with the right to equal protection in Article 12(1)

The Appellant’s arguments

100 Turning now to the Article 12(1) challenge, this is a challenge to the
constitutional validity of the MDP provisions in the MDA on the ground that
these provisions, in using the 15g differentia (as defined at [8] above) to
determine when the MDP is to be imposed, cause arbitrary distinctions to be
drawn between offenders who traffic in different amounts of controlled drugs
and thus violate Art 12(1) of the Singapore Constitution.

101 Article 12(1) reads as follows:

**Equal protection**

**12**.—(1) All persons are equal before the law and entitled to the equal
protection of the law.

In _Ong Ah Chuan_ , the Privy Council commented on this provision (at 673–674)
as follows:

What article 12(1) of the [Singapore] Constitution assures to the individual
is the right to equal treatment with other individuals in similar
circumstances. It prohibits laws which require that some individuals within a
single class should be treated by way of punishment more harshly than others;
it does not forbid discrimination in punitive treatment between one class of
individuals and another class in relation to which there is some difference in
the circumstances of the offence that has been committed.

… The questions whether [a] dissimilarity in circumstances justifies any
differentiation in the punishments imposed upon individuals who fall within
one class and those who fall within the other, and, if so, what are the
appropriate punishments for each class, are questions of social policy. Under
the [Singapore] Constitution, which is based on the separation of powers,
these are questions which it is the function of the legislature to decide, not
that of the judiciary. _Provided that the factor which the legislature adopts
as constituting the dissimilarity in circumstances is not purely arbitrary but
bears a reasonable relation to the social object of the law, there is no
inconsistency with article 12(1) of the [Singapore] Constitution_.

[emphasis added]

102 In relation to the specific drug trafficking offence which the Appellant
was charged with (_ie_ , the offence of trafficking in diamorphine), Mr Ravi
has advanced six arguments as to why the 15g differentia bears no reasonable
connection to the object of the MDA and is arbitrary.

103 Mr Ravi’s first argument is that the application of the 15g differentia
entails that the death penalty is mandatory for trafficking where the offender
traffics in just slightly more than 15g of diamorphine (_eg_ , 15.01g), but is
unavailable altogether where the offender traffics in just under 15g of
diamorphine (_eg_ , 14.99g). This distinction, so Mr Ravi submits, is
illogical, and, even if there is a quantitative and incremental increase in
guilt or social mischief associated with trafficking in an additional 0.02g of
diamorphine (taking the example just outlined), it is inappropriate for our
sentencing regime to respond to this by a qualitative and non-incremental
increase in the penalty prescribed for the offence.

104 The second argument advanced by Mr Ravi is that the death penalty is also
unavailable altogether where an offender has multiple convictions for
trafficking in less than 15g of diamorphine. In other words, if the offender
is convicted of two counts of trafficking in 14.99g of diamorphine, the death
penalty is unavailable even though the offender has demonstrated a more
conscious assumption of risk and greater imperviousness to deterrence than a
one-time offender who traffics in just slightly more than 15g of diamorphine
(and, as a result, faces the MDP).

105 Mr Ravi’s third argument is that the MDP, which precludes the court from
considering, for sentencing purposes, the circumstances in which the offence
came to be committed, denies the Prosecution and the public the benefit of
having information on the type of offenders who are more likely to re-offend.
This impedes the Legislature’s determination of whether the MDP is necessary
or whether it is in fact superfluous.

106 The fourth argument put forth by Mr Ravi is that the sentencing regime
under the MDA is too rigid because it denies the court the opportunity to
consider any major factual differences between different cases of drug
trafficking.

107 Mr Ravi’s fifth argument is that the sentencing regime, although
predicated on considerations of general deterrence, does not allow the court
to take into account whether the offender in question voluntarily assumed the
risk of trafficking in controlled drugs. It is contended that, since whether
or not the 15g differentia is satisfied depends on the amount of pure
diamorphine contained in the substance trafficked, it is unlikely that a drug
courier would ever know whether the substance which he traffics contains the
requisite amount of pure diamorphine needed to satisfy the 15g differentia and
thus attract the MDP.

108 The sixth and final argument by Mr Ravi is that the sentencing regime
fails to differentiate between an offender who traffics in just slightly more
than 15g of diamorphine and one who traffics in multiple times that quantity
since both offenders will, if convicted, be sentenced to death.

The Prosecution’s response

109 In response to Mr Ravi’s arguments, the AG has referred to _Nguyen_ ,
where this court set out (at [70]) the two-step “reasonable classification”
test for determining the validity under Art 12(1) of a differentiating factor
prescribed by the Legislature for distinguishing between different classes of
offenders for sentencing purposes, _viz_ :

A “differentiating measure” such as the 15g differentia is valid if[:]

(a) the classification is founded on an _intelligible_ differentia; and

(b) the differentia bears a _rational relation_ to the _object_ sought to be
achieved by the law in question.

[emphasis in original]

In this connection, the AG has submitted that the 15g differentia is an
intelligible differentia which bears a rational relation to the social object
sought to be achieved by the MDA (which is to deter large-scale drug
traffickers from plying their trade in or through Singapore).

110 We shall now consider these arguments in turn.

Our analysis of the Appellant’s arguments

111 With regard to Mr Ravi’s first argument as set out at [103] above, we
agree that the difference between the punishment for trafficking in just
slightly more than 15g of diamorphine and that for trafficking in just
slightly under 15g of this drug is stark. This, however, does not mean that
the 15g differentia is therefore arbitrary. The test for whether this
differentia violates Art 12(1) is, as the AG has rightly pointed out, the two-
step “reasonable classification” test outlined at [70] of _Nguyen_.
Specifically, what we are concerned with in this appeal is the “rational
relation” limb of this test (referred to hereafter as “the ‘rational relation’
test” for short), _viz_ : is there a _rational_ relation between the 15g
differentia (which is based on the quantity of diamorphine trafficked) and the
social object of the MDA? (This test is, for all intents and purposes, the
same as the “reasonable relation” test enunciated by Lord Diplock in _Ong Ah
Chuan_ at 673–674 (reproduced at [101] above).) Mr Ravi contends that, in
applying this test, the court cannot take the view that so long as the 15g
differentia goes _some_ distance towards advancing the social object of the
MDA, a rational relation will be found. If that were the case, Mr Ravi
submits, even purely arbitrary differentiating factors could survive the
“rational relation” test. For instance, it would be permissible to use the
length of the offender’s hair as the criterion for determining when the MDP is
applicable because imposing the death penalty on all drug traffickers with
short hair would go _some_ distance towards eradicating the illicit drug
trade. We agree with Mr Ravi on this point. The test is one of _rational_
relation precisely to exclude the use of purely arbitrary differentiating
factors. To take Mr Ravi’s example, the length of the drug trafficker’s hair
clearly does not bear any rational relation to the social object of the MDA.

112 Where the MDA is concerned, it cannot be said that the 15g differentia is
purely arbitrary. In _Ong Ah Chuan_ , the Privy Council said (at 674) in
relation to the question of whether the 15g differentia bore a “reasonable
relation” (at 674) to the social object of the MDA:

The social object of the [MDA] is to prevent the growth of drug addiction in
Singapore by stamping out the illicit drug trade and, in particular, the trade
in those most dangerously addictive drugs, heroin and morphine. The social
evil caused by trafficking which the [MDA] seeks to prevent is broadly
proportional to the quantity of addictive drugs brought on to [_sic_] the
illicit market. There is nothing unreasonable in the legislature’s holding the
view that an illicit dealer on the wholesale scale who operates near the apex
of the distributive pyramid requires a stronger deterrent to his transactions
and deserves more condign punishment than do dealers on a smaller scale who
operate nearer the base of the pyramid. It is for the legislature to determine
in the light of the information that is available to it about the structure of
the illicit drug trade in Singapore, and the way in which it is carried on,
where the appropriate quantitative boundary lies between these two classes of
dealers.

We agree with this observation. We would also add that the quantity of
addictive drugs trafficked is not only broadly proportionate to the quantity
of addictive drugs brought onto the illicit market, but also broadly
proportionate to the scale of operations of the drug dealer and, hence,
broadly proportionate to the harm likely to be posed to society by the
offender’s crime. For these reasons, we find that the 15g differentia bears a
rational relation to the social object of the MDA.

113 Our finding that there is a rational relation between the 15g differentia
and the social object of the MDA should not, however, be taken to mean that
this differentia is the best and that there is no other better differentia
which would further the social object of the MDA. In this regard, we
appreciate the points made in Mr Ravi’s second, third and fourth arguments at
[104]–[106] above, all of which suggest possible reasons for expanding the
differentia to take into account something more than just the quantity of
controlled drugs trafficked. We should also point out that although a
differentia which takes into account something more than merely the quantity
of controlled drugs trafficked may be a better differentia than the 15g
differentia, what is a better differentia is a matter on which reasonable
people may well disagree. This question is, in truth, a question of social
policy, and, as the Privy Council stated in _Ong Ah Chuan_ at 673 (quoted at
[101] above), it lies within the province of the Legislature, not the
Judiciary. Our judiciary has to respect the constitutional role of our
legislature as delineated in the Singapore Constitution (under Art 38), and
this is why our courts will only act to ensure that the differentia employed
in the MDA for determining when the MDP is to be imposed bears a rational
relation to the social object of that statute. As mentioned in the preceding
paragraph, we find that the 15g differentia does satisfy this test.

114 With regard to the fifth argument canvassed by Mr Ravi at [107] above, we
do not agree that a drug courier who does not know the amount of pure
diamorphine contained in the substance which he traffics is one who has not
voluntarily assumed the risk of trafficking. There is no need for a drug
courier to know the precise amount of pure diamorphine contained in the
substance which he traffics in order to know that his act causes harm to
society and is illegal, and that he will be punished if he is caught and
convicted.

115 With regard to Mr Ravi’s sixth argument at [108] above, we do not think it
can be taken seriously. If this argument were accepted, it would apply even if
the 15g differentia is changed such that a far greater amount of diamorphine
must be trafficked before the MDP becomes applicable. For instance, if the MDP
were to be imposed only if the amount of diamorphine trafficked exceeds 100kg,
Mr Ravi would still be able to argue that the sentencing regime fails to
differentiate between an offender who traffics in just slightly more than
100kg of diamorphine and one who traffics in multiple times that quantity. The
reason why a more severe sentence is not imposed for a more egregious
violation of our drug trafficking laws (in terms of trafficking in a larger
quantity of controlled drugs) is that the death penalty is the ultimate
punishment and there exists no punishment which is more severe. Parliament has
set 15g of diamorphine as the threshold for imposing the MDP where the offence
of trafficking in this drug is concerned; _ie_ , it has decided that
trafficking in any quantity of diamorphine more than 15g is sufficiently
serious to warrant the imposition of the MDP. Hence, even though trafficking
in even larger quantities of diamorphine (as compared to, say, just 15.01g of
diamorphine) would be a more egregious violation of the law, there is no more
severe punishment which may be imposed.

116 Before we conclude our analysis of the Article 12(1) challenge, we should
briefly mention another argument made by Mr Ravi which has some bearing
(albeit only tangentially) on the question of whether the MDP provisions in
the MDA are consistent with Art 12(1) of the Singapore Constitution. This
argument is that the MDP has in fact only a limited deterrent effect on drug
couriers. To buttress this argument, Mr Ravi filed Criminal Motion No 7 of
2010 (“CM 7/2010”) seeking leave for the Appellant to adduce an affidavit by
Prof Jeffrey Fagan dated 3 March 2010 (“Prof Fagan’s affidavit”), which states
that the deterrent effect of the MDP for drug trafficking has not been
established and that the utility of this penalty as a deterrence is limited
where drug couriers are concerned. Mr Ravi sought to rely on this affidavit to
argue that the imposition of the MDP on all offenders who traffic in more than
15g of diamorphine is of limited deterrent effect. In this regard, the AG has
produced statistics (compiled by the UN Office on Drugs and Crime for the year
2008) to show that Singapore has one of the lowest drug addiction rates
internationally, which suggests that the MDP does have a deterrent effect on
drug trafficking here.

117 It is not within the purview of this court to determine the efficacy or
otherwise of the MDP as a deterrent _vis-à-vis_ the offence of drug
trafficking. In _Ong Ah Chuan_ , the Privy Council addressed this very point
when it said (at 672–673):

Their Lordships would emphasise that in their judicial capacity they are in no
way concerned with arguments for or against capital punishment or its efficacy
as a deterrent to so evil and profitable a crime as trafficking in addictive
drugs.

118 We would add that, although there is room for arguing that there is
insufficient evidence that the MDP deters serious offences like murder, it can
equally be said that there is insufficient evidence that the MDP does not have
such a deterrent effect. Surveys and statistical studies on this issue in one
country can never be conclusive where another country is concerned. The issue
of whether the MDP has a deterrent effect is a question of policy and falls
within the purview of Parliament rather than that of the courts. Therefore,
Prof Fagan’s affidavit is of little practical relevance in this appeal.
Accordingly, CM 7/2010 is unnecessary and we make no order on it.

119 Given our ruling that the 15g differentia bears a rational relation to the
social object of the MDA, this differentia is not arbitrary and, thus, not
inconsistent with Art 12(1). In this regard, we note that the Privy Council in
_Ong Ah Chuan_ likewise found that a “reasonable relation” (at 674) existed
between the 15g differentia and the social object of the MDA; we have no
reason to disagree with its finding. For these reasons, the Article 12(1)
challenge also fails.

Conclusion

120 To summarise, our ruling on the issues raised in this appeal is as
follows:

(a) Art 9(1) of the Singapore Constitution cannot be interpreted as impliedly
including a prohibition against inhuman punishment because of our
constitutional history (in particular, because of the Government’s conscious
decision not to incorporate such a prohibition into the Singapore Constitution
notwithstanding the recommendation of the Wee Commission);

(b) in view of our ruling in the preceding sub-paragraph, it is unnecessary
for us to decide whether the MDP is an inhuman punishment;

(c) the expression “law” in Art 9(1) does not include CIL which has yet to be
incorporated into domestic law;

(d) even if the word “law” in Art 9(1) includes CIL which has yet to be
incorporated into domestic law, we are not persuaded that the CIL rule
prohibiting inhuman punishment includes a prohibition against the MDP
specifically;

(e) in view of our findings at sub-paras (a) and (d) above, the MDP is not
contrary to the right to life set out in Art 9(1); and

(f) the 15g differentia in the MDP provisions in the MDA does not draw
arbitrary distinctions between offenders who traffic in different amounts of
drugs and thus does not violate the right under Art 12(1) of equal protection
of the law.

121 It follows that the MDP is not unconstitutional as it does not contravene
either Art 9(1) or Art 12(1). In view of this conclusion, it is unnecessary
for us to consider Mr Ravi’s submission as to the effect which the President’s
power to grant clemency under Art 22P of the Singapore Constitution has on the
constitutionality of the MDP.

122 Finally, we would reiterate that, in the light of our constitutional
history since Singapore became an independent sovereign republic on 9 August
1965, there is no room for the argument that MDP legislation is
unconstitutional because it is not “law” for the purposes of Art 9(1). In our
view, whether or not our existing MDP legislation should have been enacted
and/or whether such legislation should be modified or repealed are policy
issues that are for Parliament to determine in the exercise of its legislative
powers under the Singapore Constitution. It is for Parliament, and not the
courts, to decide on the appropriateness or suitability of the MDP as a form
of punishment for serious criminal offences. In view of the decisive rejection
of a constitutional prohibition against inhuman punishment in the evolution of
the Singapore Constitution (see [61]–[72] above), any changes in CIL and any
foreign constitutional or judicial developments in relation to the MDP as an
inhuman punishment will have no effect on the scope of Art 9(1). If any change
in relation to the MDP (or the death penalty generally) is to be effected,
that has to be done by Parliament and not by the courts under the guise of
constitutional interpretation.

123 In the result, we dismiss the present appeal.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 14 May 2010 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

