Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Tjong Very Sumito and others _v_ Chan Sing En and others  
[2010] SGHC 344

Case Number| :| Suit No 89 of 2010 (Registrar's Appeal No 234 of 2010 and
Summons No 2961 of 2010)  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 22 November 2010  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Andrew Ang J  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Shannon Ong (Gabriel Law Corporation) for the plaintiffs;
Nicholas Narayanan (Nicholas & Tan LLP) for the first defendant; Margaret Ling
Weiwei and Aaron Lee (Allen & Gledhill LLP) for the fifth and sixth
defendants.  
Parties| :|  Tjong Very Sumito and others — Chan Sing En and others  
  
22 November 2010| Judgment reserved.  
---|---  
  
Andrew Ang J:

Introduction

1 These were applications for security for costs against the plaintiffs.
Having failed before the assistant registrar (“the AR”), the first defendant
filed Registrar’s Appeal No 234 of 2010 (“RA 234/2010”) appealing against the
AR’s decision not to award security for costs. The fifth and sixth defendants
also applied under Summons No 2961 of 2010 (“Sum 2961/2010”) for security for
costs against the plaintiffs. Both RA 234/2010 and Sum 2961/2010 were fixed to
be heard together before me.

2 After hearing submissions from all the relevant parties on 29 September
2010, I gave a brief oral judgment on 12 October 2010 awarding security for
costs against the plaintiffs, thus allowing the appeal in RA 234/2010 and the
application in Sum 2961/2010.

3 On 15 October 2010, counsel for the plaintiffs wrote in requesting for
further arguments. This was followed by a letter dated 18 October 2010 from
counsel for the fifth and sixth defendants and another letter in reply the
following day from counsel for the plaintiffs, who also sought clarification
of my orders made on 12 October 2010\. I heard parties’ further arguments on
26 October 2010. Despite the strenuous arguments of counsel for the
plaintiffs, I was not persuaded to alter my earlier decision granting security
for costs against the plaintiffs.

4 As these proceedings concerned the interesting issue of whether a plaintiff
can be ordinarily resident both within and out of the jurisdiction for the
purpose of ordering security for costs against him (and if so, whether such
security should be ordered) and in order to provide the clarification sought
by the plaintiffs, I now render in writing the grounds for my judgment.

Background facts

5 The plaintiffs commenced Suit No 89 of 2010 (“the Suit”) against the first
to ninth defendants in February 2010\. The tenth defendant Magnus Energy Group
Ltd (“MEGL”) and the eleventh defendant Antig Investments Pte Ltd (“Antig”)
were added by way of an amendment to the statement of claim on 26 August 2010.
Antig is a wholly-owned subsidiary of MEGL. The Suit related to a shares sale
and purchase agreement dated 23 November 2004 (“the 1st S&PA”) and two other
share sale agreements dated 12 July 2007 (“the 2nd S&PA”).

6 Under the 1st S&PA between the plaintiffs and Antig, the plaintiffs agreed
to sell in aggregate 72% of the shares in an Indonesian company PT Deefu
Chemical Indonesia (“PT Deefu”) to Antig for US$18m (“the Sale Price”), which
was to be paid by Antig in the form of cash and shares in MEGL. The 1st S&PA
was subsequently varied by four supplemental agreements and a letter dated 31
May 2006 from Antig to the plaintiffs. The net effect of these variations to
the payment terms of the 1st S&PA was that, of the Sale Price, US$6m was to be
paid in cash to the first plaintiff and the remaining US$12m was to be paid to
the second and fourth defendants in cash as well as shares in MEGL.

7 Under the 2nd S&PA, the following transactions were effected:

(a) The first plaintiff sold his 5% interest in another Indonesian company PT
Batubaraselares Sapta (the remaining 95% of which is owned by PT Deefu) to the
seventh defendant for US$336,000; and

(b) The first plaintiff sold his remaining 28% interest in PT Deefu to the
eighth defendant for US$1.68m.

8 To date, pursuant to the 1st S&PA as modified, the plaintiffs have received
directly the sum of approximately US$5.5m while the second and fourth
defendants have received US$12m in total. The plaintiffs’ claims in the Suit
are made on the grounds of, _inter alia_ :

(a) Fraudulent misrepresentation (as against the first and fifth defendants
and MEGL) in that the former two defendants (acting as agents for MEGL) had
fraudulently misrepresented to the first plaintiff that the Sale Price would
be paid to the plaintiffs. In this regard, the first plaintiff alleged that he
was not well-versed in English and that his understanding of the terms of the
1st S&PA was based on what the fifth defendant had told him;

(b) Unlawful means conspiracy in respect of the 1st S&PA as against the first
to sixth defendants and/or MEGL for conspiring to cause the plaintiffs to
enter into the 1st S&PA on the basis that the Sale Price would be paid to the
first plaintiff; and

(c) Resulting trust and/or constructive trust and/or moneys had and received
against the various defendants for moneys that they had wrongfully received in
relation to the 1st and 2nd S&PAs.

The AR’s decision

9 On 27 May 2010, the AR dismissed the first defendant’s application in
Summons No 1720 of 2010 (“Sum 1720/2010”) for security for costs, being of the
view that the first plaintiff is ordinarily resident in Singapore. While he
also held that the second and third plaintiffs are nominal plaintiffs, he was
minded to apply the principle elucidated in _Singapore Civil Procedure_ (Sweet
& Maxwell Asia, 2007) (“ _White Book_ ”) at para 23/3/10 that no order for
security for costs will be made if there is a co-plaintiff resident within the
jurisdiction. The first defendant filed RA 234/2010 against this decision.

The applications for security for costs

10 Security for costs may be ordered against a plaintiff under O 23 r 1 of the
Rules of Court (Cap 322, R5, 2006 Rev Ed) which provides as follows:

**Security for costs of action, etc. (O. 23, r. 1)**

**1**. —(1) Where, on the application of a defendant to an action or other
proceeding in the Court, it appears to the Court —

(a)that the plaintiff is ordinarily resident out of the jurisdiction;

(b)that the plaintiff (not being a plaintiff who is suing in a representative
capacity) is a nominal plaintiff who is suing for the benefit of some other
person and that there is reason to believe that he will be unable to pay the
costs of the defendant if ordered to do so;

...

then, if, having regard to all the circumstances of the case, the Court thinks
it just to do so, it may order the plaintiff to give such security for the
defendant’s costs of the action or other proceeding as it thinks just.

The court’s jurisdiction to order security for costs against a plaintiff is
founded on at least one of the four factual conditions listed in O 23 r
1(1)(_a_)–(_d_). Once one of those conditions is satisfied, the court may
exercise its discretionary power to order the plaintiff to give security for
the defendant’s costs if it thinks it just to do so having regard to all the
circumstances of the case. In this regard, factors commonly taken into account
include whether the plaintiff’s claim is _bona fide_ , whether it has a
reasonably good prospect of success, as well as whether the application for
security was being used oppressively with a view to stifling a genuine claim
(see, _eg_ , _Sir Lindsay Parkinson & Co Ltd v Triplan Ltd_ [1973] QB 609
_per_ Lord Denning MR at 626-627, cited with approval in _Creative Elegance
(M) Sdn Bhd v Puay Kim Seng_ [1999] 1 SLR(R) 112 at [14]).

Ordinarily resident out of jurisdiction

Natural and ordinary meaning

11 The words “ordinarily resident” should be given their natural and ordinary
meaning; the expression is not a term of art with any technical or special
meaning. Thus, in _Regina v Barnet London Borough Council, Ex parte Nilish
Shah_ [1983] 2 AC 309 (“ _Shah_ ”), the House of Lords held that (at 343):

... ‘ordinarily resident’ refers to a man’s abode in a particular place or
country which he has adopted voluntarily and for settled purposes as part of
the regular order of his life for the time being, whether of short or of long
duration.

It is the state of mind of the “propositus” that is paramount in determining
ordinary residence. Not only should the place of residence be adopted
voluntarily (as opposed to enforced presence in a particular jurisdiction by
reason of kidnapping or imprisonment _etc_), there should also be a degree of
settled purpose. In this regard, in his Lordship’s judgment in _Shah_ , Lord
Scarman observed that (at 344):

... The purpose may be one; or there may be several. It may be specific or
general. All that the law requires is that there is a settled purpose. This is
not to say that the ‘propositus’ intends to stay where he is indefinitely;
indeed his purpose, while settled, may be for a limited period. Education,
business or profession, employment, health, family, or merely love of the
place spring to mind as common reasons for a choice of regular abode. And
there may well be many others. All that is necessary is that the purpose of
living where one does has a sufficient degree of continuity to be properly
described as settled.

12 In arriving at its conclusions, the House of Lords in _Shah_ relied to some
extent on two tax cases reported in 1928 which sought to elucidate the natural
and ordinary meaning of the words “ordinary residence”, namely, _Levene v
Commissioners of Inland Revenue_ [1928] AC 217 and _Commissioners of Inland
Revenue v Lysaght_ [1928] AC 234. _Shah_ itself was a judicial review case
concerning educational grants to students “ordinarily resident” in the United
Kingdom. While these authorities did not concern applications for security for
costs, I concur with Lindsay J’s view in _In re Little Olympian Each Ways Ltd_
[1995] 1 WLR 560 (“ _Little Olympian_ ”) at 566 that “so far as concerns
individuals the test applied in tax cases have without any awkwardness or
consciousness of injustice been adopted for other more general purposes” and
“one need not be especially shy in this area about adopting the conclusion of
tax cases to cases outside tax”.

Ordinarily resident in more than one jurisdiction

13 In his written submissions for the purposes of the 29 September 2010
hearing, counsel for the plaintiffs, Mr Shannon Ong, submitted (at para
16(ii)) that “[i]n fact a person can be ordinarily resident in more than one
place”, citing Kerr LJ’s judgment in _Parkinson v Myer Wolff and Manley (a
firm)_ (23 April 1985, Court of Appeal, unreported). However, in his further
arguments, Mr Ong contended that if a person is ordinarily resident within
jurisdiction, that same person cannot be ordinarily resident in another
jurisdiction. In support of that latter proposition, Mr Ong cited the
Singapore High Court decision in _Wishing Star Ltd v Jurong Town Corp_ [2004]
1 SLR(R) 1 (“ _Wishing Star (HC)_ ”) where Choo Han Teck J expressed the
following view (at [3]):

A branch is but a part of the company. When reference is made to the term
‘ordinarily resident’, it applies to the company and not to its branches. The
question arises as to whether a company can be ordinarily resident in a
jurisdiction where its branches are located. **_Generally speaking, it would
do violence to the language to hold that anyone, whether a corporate body or
an individual person, may be said to be ordinarily resident in more than one
place at a time. A person or a company may always set up more than one
residence in as many jurisdiction as they can afford – but a house is not a
home_**. ... [emphasis added]

Mr Ong also invited me to find further authority for that proposition in
_Little Olympian_ in Lindsay J’s observations that (at 565–566):

... The addition of the adverb ‘ordinarily’ does add something of importance
to the word ‘resident.’ It connotes a degree of continuity being required, a
reference to the way in which things are usually or habitually ordered: see
_Reg. v. Barnet London Borough Council, Ex parte Nilish Shah_ [1983] 2 A.C.
309, 341. **_Whilst the added word might not have a corresponding effect in
the case of an individual_** , as I see it it is more difficult for a
corporation to be ordinarily resident in more than one place than it would be
for it merely to be resident in more than one place. **_Moreover, the context
of Ord. 23, r. 1(1)(_****a**** _) is, at lowest, consistent with the
propositus having only one ordinary residence. If that is not so one gets to
the position, surely uncontemplated, that whereas a man ordinarily resident
here could not have an order made against him by reason of his impecuniosity,
if he also were to be ordinarily resident out of the jurisdiction then there
would be jurisdiction to make an order against him_**. Both the word
"ordinarily" and the framework of Order 23 should incline me to a meaning for
‘ordinarily resident’ in this case such that, _other than in exceptional
circumstances_ , I should be able to envisage only one such residence.
[emphasis added in bold italics]

14 Despite Mr Ong’s strenuous arguments to the contrary, to my mind, these
judicial observations, so far as they relate to an _individual_ plaintiff, are
_obiter dicta_. Neither of these cases stands as irref3utable authority for
the proposition recommended by Mr Ong that no individual plaintiff could be
both ordinarily resident out of and within the jurisdiction. As pointed out by
counsel for the fifth and sixth defendants, Ms Margaret Ling, the facts of
both _Wishing Star (HC)_ and _Little Olympian_ did not concern individual
plaintiffs, but plaintiff corporations. When the decision in _Wishing Star
(HC)_ refusing security for costs was upheld by the Court of Appeal in _Jurong
Town Corp v Wishing Star Ltd_ [2004] 2 SLR(R) 427 (“ _Wishing Star (CA)_ ”),
the appellate court did not find it at all necessary to deal with the issue of
dual ordinary residences, accepting instead as a fact that the plaintiff in
that case, a company incorporated in Hong Kong but with a registered office in
Singapore, was ordinarily resident out of jurisdiction. Indeed, the force of
Choo J’s observations in _Wishing Star (HC)_ at [3] (quoted at [13] above) is
diminished somewhat by his views at [4] that:

... It is, of course, possible that a company comprising of, say three main
shareholders and directors, may have three equally dominant centres of
management if each of the three operate in like-manner and extent in different
jurisdictions. **_In such cases, the company may be said to be ordinarily
resident in each of the three jurisdictions for the purposes of an application
for security for costs_**. ... [emphasis added]

15 While at first glance Lindsay J seemed to have laid down the rule in
_Little Olympian_ ([12]  _supra_) that under O 23 there can only be _one_
ordinary residence, I pause to observe that the learned judge had not closed
the door completely to the conceptual possibility that an individual plaintiff
can have more than just one ordinary residence for the purposes of an order
under O 23. First, in noting that the addition of the adverb “ordinarily” adds
something of importance to the word “resident”, connoting a degree of
continuity and habit, Lindsay J opined in passing that “in the case of an
individual” the added adverb might _not_ have the effect that it would be more
difficult to be ordinarily resident in more than one place, than to be merely
resident in more than one place. Second, the learned judge conceded that there
could be “exceptional circumstances” in which an individual plaintiff was
ordinarily resident in more than one jurisdiction.

16 In contrast, in a case involving an individual plaintiff, _Leyvand v
Barasch and others_ (2000) The Times 23 March (Transcript) (“ _Leyvand_ ”),
Lightman J held (at [5]) that:

The fact that the Claimant is ordinarily resident out of the jurisdiction
confers on the Court jurisdiction to order him to provide security. **_It is
well established that a claimant may have two ordinary residences, one within
the jurisdiction and one outside. The fact that a claimant who is ordinarily
resident outside the jurisdiction is also ordinarily resident within the
jurisdiction does not preclude the Court from ordering security_**. For Order
23 confers jurisdiction to order security in the case of a claimant
‘ordinarily resident out of the jurisdiction’ and not in the case of a
claimant ‘not ordinarily resident within the jurisdiction’. ... [emphasis
added]

In _Leyvand_ , the claimant was an Israeli national who had his principal home
in Israel; Lightman J held that he was ordinarily resident in Israel. The
claimant in that case also had several real property assets in England: a
home, an investment property and leases of offices he had used. While Lightman
J held that the claimant had a substantial connection with England (being
“plainly resident” there), the learned judge also held that it was unnecessary
to decide whether he was _also ordinarily resident_ in England; if it were
necessary to do so, the learned judge would have held that the claimant was
_also_ ordinarily resident in England (see _Leyvand_ at [8]). Overall, having
regard to the claimant’s long residence (“whether or not ordinary residence”)
and substantial assets in and his long connection with England, Lightman J
held (at [8]) that it would not be just to require him to provide security for
costs.

17 In an Australian case also dealing with an individual plaintiff, _Logue v
Hansen Technologies Ltd_ [2003] FCA 81 (“ _Logue_ ”) at [24], Weinberg J
accepted Lightman J’s suggestion in _Leyvand_ that it may also be possible for
a person to have two ordinary residences, one within the jurisdiction and one
outside; in such a case the court has power to order security for costs. In
_Logue_ , ordering security for costs against the plaintiff, Weinberg J held
that on balance the plaintiff had not formed a “settled purpose” to remain in
Australia and was thus not ordinarily resident in Australia: were it not for
the litigation in that case, the plaintiff would probably have gone to some
other place where the prospects of employment for someone with his background
would be significantly greater, even though he had ostensibly strong family
connections in Australia.

18 In another more recent Australian case, _Corbett v Nguyen and others_
[2008] NSWSC 1265 (“ _Corbett_ ”), White J expressed the view (at [11]) that
“[a] person may be resident and ordinarily resident in more than one place at
a time”, and there is jurisdiction to order security for costs against a
plaintiff who is ordinarily resident _in_ Australia even though such
jurisdiction to do so is on the basis that the person is _also_ ordinarily
resident _outside_ Australia. While White J held (at [21]) that the plaintiff
in _Corbett_ was held to be ordinarily resident in Vietnam, he was equally of
the opinion (at [22]) that it “does not follow that the plaintiff has ceased
to be resident, or ordinarily resident, in New South Wales”.

19 On balance, therefore, I am of the view that the Court is _not_ precluded
from finding that, for the purposes of ordering security for costs under O 23,
an individual plaintiff is ordinarily resident out of, as well as within, the
jurisdiction. Provided that the court finds that an individual plaintiff is
ordinarily resident out of the jurisdiction, it is seised of jurisdiction to
exercise its discretion to order security for costs against such a plaintiff,
even though the plaintiff may also be ordinarily resident within the
jurisdiction. Such an interpretation of O 23 would preserve the court’s
discretion to order security if it is just in all the circumstances to do so.

20 In _Wishing Star (CA_ ([14]  _supra_), the Court of Appeal preferred to
reserve to the courts a wide discretion, holding that (at [14]):

It is settled law that it is not an inflexible or rigid rule that a plaintiff
resident abroad should provide security for costs. The court has a **_complete
discretion_** in the matter: see _Keary Developments Ltd v Tarmac Construction
Ltd_ [1995] 3 All ER 534. It seems to us that under r 1(1)(_a_), _once the
pre-condition, namely, being_** _‘ordinarily resident out of the
jurisdiction’, is satisfied, the court will consider all the circumstances to
determine whether it is just that security should be ordered_**. There is no
presumption in favour of, or against, a grant. **_The ultimate decision is in
the discretion of the court, after balancing the competing factors_**. No
objective criteria can ever be laid down as to the weight any particular
factor should be accorded. It would depend on the fact situation. Where the
court is of the view that the circumstances are evenly balanced it would
ordinarily be just to order security against a foreign plaintiff. [emphasis
added in bold italics]

21 On the present facts, the objective evidence indicates that the plaintiffs
are ordinarily resident in Indonesia as they appear to have adopted Indonesia
voluntarily as a place of residence with a substantial degree of settled
purpose, _ie_ , for residential and business purposes. First, they own
immovable property in Indonesia, consistently providing their Indonesian
addresses in various documents pertaining to the Suit, including (a) the Deed
of Incorporation of PT Deefu dated 12 December 2000, and (b) the 1st S&PA and
the supplemental agreements thereto, dated between 2004 and 2006. The first
plaintiff averred in an affidavit dated 28 April 2010 (at para 8) that the
first defendant had procured the insertion of his Indonesian address in these
documents and Mr Ong submitted that the first plaintiff could not read those
documents as the latter is not well versed in English. Despite his averments
to the contrary, I had doubts that as an experienced businessman he would have
failed to at least have the documents explained to him, or that he would have
failed to recognise that his Indonesian address was used on those documents.
In any event, these explanations could not account for the use of his
Indonesian address in other documents. For instance, both the first and third
plaintiffs provided their Indonesian addresses when they registered themselves
as directors of Venus International Productions Pte Ltd (“Venus Productions”),
a company incorporated in Singapore. It bears noting that under sub-ss 173(2)
and (6) of the Companies Act (Cap 50, 2006 Rev Ed) (“Companies Act”), a person
is required to provide his “usual residential address” when he is registered
as a director of a company. Moreover, in the writ of summons in Suit No 348 of
2008 against Antig (“the Antig Suit”) (filed on 20 May 2008), and affidavits
filed in relation thereto in July and August 2008, the plaintiffs also used
their Indonesian addresses. These addresses are registered against their
Indonesian identification documents. The first plaintiff also stated (in an
affidavit dated 19 August 2010 at para 11) that he had provided an Indonesian
address in the aforementioned documents as a “means of identification and for
contact purposes”. If he did not hold himself out as being ordinarily resident
in Indonesia, there would scarcely have been any need to provide an Indonesian
address for “contact purposes” in these relatively recent documents,
particularly in the light of his averments in the same affidavit that he can
be found at a Singapore address, _viz_ , 19 Cairnhill Circle, #17-05 The Light
Cairnhill (“The Light”) (at para 7), and that he had set up a home in
Singapore since 1995 (at para 6(i)).

22 Second, it is common ground that the first plaintiff has various businesses
in Indonesia.

23 Third, by way of contrast, it is undisputed that none of the plaintiffs
owns real property in Singapore, whereas the first plaintiff’s wife and one of
his daughters own a property at 8 Cairnhill Circle, #06-12 Cairnhill Crest, in
Singapore (see first plaintiff’s affidavit dated 28 April 2010 at para 7(v)).

24 Therefore, in my view, the pre-condition for the exercise of my discretion
to order security for costs against the plaintiffs under O 23 r 1(1)(_a_) has
been satisfied.

25 However, it does not follow that the first plaintiff could not also be
found to be ordinarily resident in Singapore. While it was not strictly
necessary for me to make any finding on whether the first plaintiff is also
ordinarily resident in Singapore, having applied my mind to the objective
evidence raised by Mr Ong as to the first plaintiff’s substantial connections
to Singapore, I came to the conclusion that he is also ordinarily resident in
Singapore. First, it is clear that he has strong family ties here. His wife
and three of his children are Singapore Permanent Residents, while one of his
children is a Singapore citizen.

26 Second, I also accepted the first plaintiff’s evidence that he has spent a
considerable amount of time here in Singapore since 2007. In 2007 and 2008, he
was in Singapore for a total of at least 250 days and 133 days respectively.
On 29 July 2008, he obtained an employment pass from the Ministry of Manpower
and was granted a multiple-journey visa. As such, it is not apparent from his
passport how many days he was in Singapore from that time, although he stated
(at para 6(iii) of his 19 August 2010 affidavit) that he was in Singapore for
at least more than half a year in each of the years 2008 and 2009. When he is
in Singapore, he lives with his family at their rented premises at The Light
(see [21] above). This should be contrasted with the facts in _Logue_ ([17]
_supra_); the fact that while in Australia the applicant lived with his mother
and step-father rather than with his partner (from whom he was estranged) and
children diminished the weight normally accorded to the fact that he has a
partner and children in Australia (see _Logue_ at [36]).

27 Third, he has business interests here in Singapore, being the director
and/or shareholder of two companies incorporated here, namely, Venus
Productions (see [21] above) and Master Lube Singapore Pte Ltd (“Master
Lube”).

Rationale for ordering security for costs against foreign-resident plaintiff

28 Mr Ong further submitted in further arguments that even if a plaintiff can
be held to be ordinarily resident both within and out of jurisdiction for the
purposes of an order for security for costs against him, the rationale behind
ordering such security indicates that in such a case no order for security
should be made. He pointed to Quain J’s dicta in _Raeburn v Andrews_ (1874) LR
9 QB 118 (“ _Raeburn v_ Andrews”) at 121 that:

The reason that a plaintiff resident abroad was compelled to give security for
costs was because he was not in reach of our law to have process served on
him, in the event of the defendant obtaining a judgment.

However, I note that immediately after stating that reason, Quain J held (at
121) that “[t]hat reason having now _ceased_ , the old rule is abolished”.
Both Blackburn and Archibald JJ (at 120 and 121 respectively) agreed that that
reason for ordering security for costs against a plaintiff resident abroad (in
so far as Scotland was concerned) had ceased as a result of the enactment of
the Judgments Extension Act 1868 which made judgments of the superior courts
of England, Scotland and Ireland mutually registrable and enforceable on the
production of a certificate of the court where the judgment was obtained. In
_Wilson Vehicle Distributions Ltd v The Colt Car Co Ltd_ [1984] BCLC 93,
Bingham J observed (at 94) that prior to that enactment:

... Security was ordered because of the **_difficulty and delay of enforcing
orders for costs in foreign jurisdictions_** and for this purpose England,
Ireland and Scotland were independent jurisdictions and accordingly foreign to
each other. [emphasis added].

29 Mr Ong also referred me to Millett J’s observations in _DSQ Property Co Ltd
v Lotus Cars Ltd_ [1987] 1 WLR 127 (“ _DSQ Property_ ”) at 131:

In my view the true ratio of _Raeburn v. Andrews_ proceeds upon the
straightforward principle that irrelevant circumstances should be ignored, and
that plaintiffs in similar circumstances should be similarly treated. Where
the plaintiff is an individual, with or without means, his residence in
Scotland or Northern Ireland is irrelevant. **_He is resident within the reach
of our process, and security should not be ordered against him any more than
it would be ordered against an individual plaintiff resident in England. In my
view that is still the law_**. [emphasis added]

30 It is important to set Millett J’s words in context. The learned judge was
dealing with an application for security for costs against an insolvent
plaintiff company incorporated in Northern Ireland. As the relevant companies
legislation (_in pari materia_ with s 388(1) of our Companies Act permitting
applications for security for costs against plaintiff companies) applied only
within Great Britain (thus excluding Northern Ireland from its reach), the
defendants there had to apply for security for costs under the Rules of the
Supreme Court (“RSC”) Ord 23 r 1(1) (identical to our O 23 r 1(1)). There was
no doubt in _DSQ Property_ that the plaintiff company was incorporated in
Northern Ireland, _ie_ , outside England and Wales, outside the jurisdiction
for the purposes of an RSC Ord 23 application. The question was whether the
holding in _Raeburn v Andrews_ ([28]  _supra_) that as a result of the
Judgments Extension Act 1868 an individual plaintiff resident in Scotland was
not required to provide security for costs applied to the facts in _DSQ
Property_ to preclude an order for security for costs against the plaintiff
there. In Millett J’s judgment _Raeburn v Andrews_ had no such effect; it had
no application to a plaintiff which was an insolvent company with limited
liability (see _DSQ Property_ at 131).

31 To my mind, Millett J’s observations (quoted in [29] above) do not apply to
the present facts. First, _DSQ Property_ in fact concerned an insolvent
company incorporated in Northern Ireland, not an individual plaintiff. Thus,
the learned judge’s comments with regard to an individual plaintiff are
strictly _obiter_. Whatever his views were as regards the “true ratio” of
_Raeburn v Andrews_ , he was equally of the view that that case did not apply
to the facts before him. Second, it is also clear that his comments did not
pertain to the factual scenario of an individual plaintiff being ordinarily
resident in more than one jurisdiction. In that passage quoted at [29] above,
Millett J was comparing one plaintiff resident in Scotland or Northern Ireland
with another plaintiff resident in England; both were resident within the
jurisdiction and equally within the reach of the English courts. He had
clearly not applied his mind to the possibility of an individual plaintiff
being ordinarily resident both within and out of the jurisdiction; and he
would have had little reason to so apply his mind since there was no dispute
that the plaintiff he was concerned with in that case was obviously only
resident in one jurisdiction.

32 Furthermore, Millett J was not prepared to hold that the rule laid down in
_Raeburn v Andrews_ has “survived as an inflexible rule of practice after the
introduction of the present Rules of the Supreme Court in 1964”; rather, he
was of the view that in fact, RSC Ord 23 which was introduced under statutory
authority had “ _significantly changed_ the previous practice”, conferring on
the Court a “ _general discretion_ to order security in the prescribed cases
‘if, having regard to all the circumstances of the case, the court thinks it
just to do so’” [emphasis added] (see _DSQ Property_ at 132–133). Therefore,
security is no longer ordered against a foreign resident as a matter of
course. This proposition was declared to be “settled law” by the Court of
Appeal in _Wishing Star (CA)_ at [14] (see [20] above).

33 If the court has _no_ discretion to order security against a plaintiff
resident within the jurisdiction on the basis that he was amenable to the
process of the court, then surely on that reasoning _every_ plaintiff who is
resident _out of_ the jurisdiction should be made to provide security since
such a plaintiff would _not_ be amenable to the process of the court. Yet, it
is settled law that no such inflexible rule is applied rigidly to every
plaintiff ordinarily resident abroad. In my view, amenability to the process
of the court in Singapore should not be the “be all and end all” of the
decision whether or not to order security for costs.

34 In _Ooi Ching Ling Shirley v Just Gems Inc_ [2002] 2 SLR(R) 738, the Court
of Appeal stated the rationale for ordering security for costs against a
plaintiff ordinarily resident abroad in the following terms (at [27]):

... The whole point of ordering a foreign plaintiff or appellant to furnish
security is to ensure that a fund would be available within the jurisdiction
of this court against which the successful defendant or respondent could
enforce the judgment for costs: see _Porzelack KG v Porzelack (UK) Ltd_ [1987]
1 WLR 420 at 422. Without such further security there is a real risk that JGI
[_ie_ , the respondent] could be left with a costs order which would be
unenforceable or only enforceable with great difficulty and expense, plus
delay.

The rationale stated in this manner does not, in my view, preclude a plaintiff
who has been found to be ordinarily resident out of the jurisdiction from
being ordered to furnish security, simply because he has also been found to be
ordinarily resident within the jurisdiction. The fact of his ordinary
residence within the jurisdiction does not say anything about the ease of
enforcement of a costs order against him, particularly where he has also been
found to be ordinarily resident abroad. In the case of an individual plaintiff
ordinarily resident _only_ within the jurisdiction, I agree that the court
would have no jurisdiction under O 23 to order security for costs against him;
the defendant would have to take him as he is. Additionally, where the
plaintiff is a natural person, public policy leans much more towards
encouraging access to the courts (see _Ong Jane Rebecca v
Pricewaterhousecoopers_ [2009] 2 SLR(R) 796 (“ _Ong Jane Rebecca_ ”) at [30]).
However, even if the plaintiff is ordinarily resident within the jurisdiction,
where he is also ordinarily resident _out of_ the jurisdiction, there is still
the attendant risk that the defendant may be left with a costs order which
would be “unenforceable or only enforceable with great difficulty and expense,
plus delay”, for example, if he has no substantial assets in Singapore and
retreats to the other ordinary residence outside the jurisdiction. Therefore,
in a case where a plaintiff has dual ordinary residences, the court should
retain its unfettered discretion to consider whether, in _all_ the
circumstances of the case including of course the fact that the plaintiff is
also ordinarily resident within the jurisdiction, it is _just_ to order
security for costs against the plaintiff. In this regard, I echo Lightman J’s
words in _Leyvand_ ([16]  _supra_) (at [6]): “the simple and single criterion
for ordering security is what is just in the circumstances of the particular
case”.

35 Having found that the plaintiffs are ordinarily resident out of the
jurisdiction and dealt with the purported impediments to the exercise of my
discretion under O 23 r 1(1), I turn now to considering whether it is just in
all the circumstances of the case to order security for costs against the
plaintiffs. At this juncture I note that there is no need for me to make any
finding under O 23 r 1(1)(_b_) on whether the second and third plaintiffs are
nominal plaintiffs who will be unable to pay the costs of the defendants if
ordered to do so as I may exercise my discretion under r 1(1)(_a_).

Just in all the circumstances to order security for costs

36 In _Wishing Star (CA)_ ([14]  _supra_), the Court of Appeal held (at [14])
that where the circumstances are “evenly balanced” it would “ordinarily be
just” to order security against a foreign plaintiff, citing with approval the
following comments by Browne-Wilkinson VC in _Porzelack KG v Porzelack (UK)
Ltd_ [1987] 1 WLR 420 (“ _Porzelack_ ”) at 423:

Under R.S.C., Ord 23, r 1(1)(_a_) it seems to be that I have an entirely
general discretion either to award or refuse security, having regard to all
the circumstances of the case. However, it is clear on the authorities that,
if other matters are equal, it is normally just to exercise that discretion by
ordering security against a non-resident plaintiff. The question is what, in
all the circumstances of the case, is the just answer.

Assets in Singapore

37 This general position should be balanced against Lightman J’s perspicacious
observations in _Leyvand_ that (at [5]):

... the connection of the claimant with this country is of course relevant to
the exercise of discretion, and **_the closer the connection, the greater the
relevance_**. If the claimant has an established home and is resident here,
security may **_rarely_****be required;****_if the claimant has an established
home and is ordinarily resident here an order for security may even more
rarely be ordered_**. [emphasis added]

As I have noted at [25] to [27] above, the first plaintiff has close
connections with Singapore. He has an established home here at The Light where
he lives with his family whenever he is here. He also owns shares in two
companies incorporated in Singapore, _viz_ , Venus Productions and Master
Lube, and is also a director of Venus Productions.

38 However, he does not own any substantial property of a fixed and permanent
nature. Security will not usually be required from a person permanently
residing out of the jurisdiction if he has substantial property, whether real
or personal, within it, but the property should be of a fixed and permanent
nature, which can certainly be available for costs (see _White Book_ at para
23/3/11). It is beyond dispute that the first plaintiff does not own any fixed
property in Singapore. While his wife and daughter own property here, they are
not parties to this action and it is not their assets against which the
defendants are able to enforce any costs order in their favour. Moreover,
doubts have been raised as to the value of the shares that the first plaintiff
owns in Venus Productions and Master Lube.

39 I note also that the second and third plaintiffs have not provided a shred
of evidence as to their assets in Singapore. Therefore, it does not appear
that the plaintiffs own any assets of substance in Singapore against which
costs orders in the defendants’ favour can be enforced.

Relative strengths of parties’ cases

40 Apart from the existence of fixed and permanent assets within the
jurisdiction, other pertinent factors to consider include whether the
plaintiff’s claim is _bona fide_ , has a reasonably good prospect of success,
and whether the application for security was being used oppressively with a
view to stifling a genuine claim (see [10] above).

41 The assessment of the plaintiff’s likelihood of success should not entail a
detailed examination of the merits of the plaintiff’s case. In _Porzelack_
([36]  _supra_), in response to parties’ seeking to investigate in
considerable detail the likelihood or otherwise of success in the action,
Browne-Wilkinson VC expressed the view (at 423) that:

I do not think that is a right course to adopt on an application for security
for costs. The decision is necessarily made at an interlocutory stage on
inadequate material and without any hearing of the evidence. A detailed
examination of the possibilities of success or failure merely blows the case
up into a large interlocutory hearing involving great expenditure of both
money and time.

I agree.

42 At first blush that one principal ground of the plaintiffs’ claim is _non
est factum_ does not inspire confidence that the first plaintiff will succeed.
It would be reasonable for one to entertain doubts as to a seasoned
businessman’s claim that he had signed several sale and purchase agreements
for shares without ascertaining the true consequences and effect of those
agreements. The plaintiffs had commenced the Antig Suit (see [21] above) in
May 2008 against Antig to restrain Antig from effecting payment of US$3.7m
(which, under the 1st S&PA was due for payment in June 2008) to any party
other than the plaintiffs. I note that even though the court proceedings in
the Antig Suit were ultimately stayed in favour of arbitration by the Court of
Appeal on 2 February 2009, the plaintiffs did not commence any arbitration
proceedings against Antig. If the plaintiffs had a strong case against Antig,
I would have expected them to proceed to arbitration post haste. Instead, the
plaintiffs filed the present Suit on 8 February 2010, slightly more than a
year after the Court of Appeal had stayed the Antig Suit in favour of
arbitration, claiming that, _inter alia_ , that sum of US$3.7m – part of the
US$12m that had been wrongfully paid out to the second and fourth defendants –
had been received by the second defendant in November 2007.

43 However, the defence that the plaintiffs owed the second and fourth
defendants money for which reason part of the sale proceeds of the 1st S&PA
were directed to be paid to them is equally implausible. To date, the
defendants have not produced credible documentary evidence supporting their
claims of such debts owed to them by the plaintiffs.

44 On the same day that the plaintiffs filed the present Suit, they obtained
an _ex parte Mareva_ injunction against the first to ninth defendants. On 17
March 2010, Steven Chong JC set aside the _Mareva_ injunction primarily on the
basis of the delay on the plaintiffs’ part in applying for the injunction: see
Chong JC’s oral judgment in Suit No 89 of 2010 (Summonses Nos 852, 869, 888
and 923 of 2010) dated 17 March 2010. He was also of the view that the
shareholders’ circular adduced by the second and fourth defendants to explain
the payment of part of the purchase price to them was (at [11]):

... intended to create at least a misleading if not a false impression that
the 2nd and 4th Defendants were entitled to receive part of the purchase price
under the [1st S&PA] because the Plaintiffs were indebted to them. This is one
of the troubling features in this case.

Before Chong JC, counsel for the first defendant accepted that the statement
in the shareholders’ circular was incorrect. Chong JC’s concerns as to the
merits of the defendants’ case were reinforced by the fact that the fifth
defendant had produced a Credit Agreement ostensibly to support the existence
of the debt owed by the plaintiffs, which agreement in his opinion raised more
doubts about the purported debt than supported it. Thus, even though Chong JC
was satisfied that the plaintiffs had a good arguable case when he granted the
_Mareva_ injunction, he noted in his 17 March 2010 oral judgment (at [17])
that there were “troubling features on both sides of the dispute” and numerous
issues in both the plaintiffs’ claim and the defence in the Suit that remained
unresolved.

45 I agree with Chong JC’s view that there were doubts as to both the
plaintiffs’ claim and the defence. In such a situation where the circumstances
are so evenly balanced, the plaintiffs’ lack of substantial assets in
Singapore would ordinarily make it just to order security for costs against
them, provided that such an order would not oppressively stifle their claim.

Oppressiveness of application for security for costs

46 Before the court refuses to order security on the ground that it would
unfairly stifle any claim, it has to be satisfied that the plaintiff concerned
does not have the ability to provide the security (see _Ong Jane Rebecca_
([34]  _supra_) at [33]). The onus is on the plaintiff to show that he does
not have the ability to provide security, and that this inability would
unfairly stifle his claim. While it was submitted on the plaintiffs’ behalf
that asking for security for costs was just an attempt to stifle their claim,
they have not given any credible evidence to back that bare assertion. Indeed,
at the hearing of further arguments, Mr Ong conceded that while his clients
had the ability to provide the security ordered here in favour of the first,
fifth and sixth defendants, his concern was that if all the other defendants
applied similarly for security for costs, the total amount of security to be
provided in such event would result in their claim being stifled. I take on
board that likelihood. Should it transpire that the other defendants similarly
apply for security for costs against the plaintiffs, I direct that their
applications be fixed before me. Each application should be considered
separately, and the likelihood of stifling of the plaintiffs’ claims should be
assessed separately in each application.

Conclusion

47 Overall, I find that it is just in all the circumstances of the case that
the plaintiffs should provide some security. Moreover, I note that the amount
of security awarded is in the complete discretion of the court, which will fix
such sum as it thinks just, having regard to all the circumstances of the case
(see,  _eg_ , _Sumio Sakata v Fuminori Paul Naruse_ [2004] SGHC 102 at [7]).
While counsel for the fifth and sixth defendants have given indications of the
amount of work that has been done to date in respect of the Suit, they have
not provided indications of the costs incurred by their clients for the work
done thus far.

48 Therefore, I order as follows:

(a) In relation to Sum 2961/2010, the application is allowed. The plaintiffs’
claims against the fifth and sixth defendants in the Suit are stayed without
further order until the plaintiffs provide security for the costs of the fifth
and sixth defendants in the Suit, for up to and including the date ordered by
the Court for the plaintiffs and defendants to file their Lists of Documents
in this Suit, by paying into court, or providing a banker’s guarantee in
favour of the fifth and sixth defendants (to the reasonable satisfaction of
the fifth and sixth defendants) in the amount of $40,000, such security to be
provided within seven days from the date of this judgment; and

(b) In relation to RA 234/2010, the appeal is allowed. The plaintiffs’ claims
against the first defendant are stayed until the plaintiffs provide security
for the costs of the first defendant in the Suit, for up to and including the
date ordered by the court for the plaintiffs and defendants to file their
Lists of Documents in this Suit, by paying into court, or providing a banker’s
guarantee in favour of the first defendant (to the reasonable satisfaction of
the first defendant) in the amount of $35,000, such security to be provided
within seven days from the date of this judgment.

49 At the hearing on 12 October 2010, costs were fixed at $3,750 in favour of
the fifth and sixth defendants, and at $1,800 in favour of the first
defendant. The costs orders shall remain unchanged.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 22 Nov 2010 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

