Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  RBS Coutts Bank Ltd _v_ Brunner Hans-Peter  
[2010] SGHC 342

Case Number| :| Suit No 560 of 2010 (Summons No 4012 of 2010)  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 19 November 2010  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Eunice Chua AR  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Gopinath Pillai and Tan Kian Hong Aloysius (Eldan Law
LLP) for the plaintiff; Adrian Wong and Yam Wern-Jhien (Rajah & Tann LLP) for
the defendant.  
Parties| :|  RBS Coutts Bank Ltd — Brunner Hans-Peter  
  
19 November 2010|  
---|---  
  
Eunice Chua AR:

1 The defendant applied for a temporary stay of proceedings pending the
resolution of an ongoing action in the Zurich Labour Court (“the Zurich
action”) between the same parties. The application was based on the existence
of a multiplicity of proceedings, without reference to _forum non conveniens_
principles. After going through the evidence and hearing the submissions of
both parties, I granted the temporary stay. The plaintiff has appealed against
my decision.

Factual background

2 The plaintiff is the international private banking arm of the Royal Bank of
Scotland Group (“the RBS Group”) and was incorporated in Switzerland. The
defendant is a Swiss national and was employed by the plaintiff on 1 June 1997
as General Manager of its Singapore branch and Chief Operating Officer, Asia
region by a letter of appointment dated 18 April 2007. In 2000, by a letter of
appointment dated 29 December 2000, which superseded the terms contained in
the earlier letter and provided for Swiss law as the governing law, the
defendant returned to Zurich and assumed the position of Chief Executive
Officer. Subsequently, with effect from 1 September 2006, the defendant was
seconded to the Singapore branch of the plaintiff as Chief Executive Officer,
Coutts International, in accordance with the terms of an International
Assignment Contract (“the IAC”) dated 24 August 2006. The IAC provided that
the terms and conditions of the defendant’s employment and secondment were
those of the “existing home country contract of employment together with those
terms and conditions set out in [the IAC]”.

3 In 2008, as a result of the financial crisis, the RBS Group implemented a
plan (“the Deferral Plan”) in which its employees’ bonuses would be paid out
by way of RBS bonds to be issued in three separate instalments (“the Deferred
Award”). In May 2009, the defendant received a letter from the Group Director,
Human Resources of the RBS Group certifying that he had been granted an
initial Deferred Award of $427,077.00 and stipulating how this amount would be
paid out. The first portion of the defendant’s Deferred Award was to vest on
18 June 2010, the second on 18 June 2011 and the third and last portion on 18
June 2012. The letter also provided that if the defendant was to leave before
part or all of his Deferred Award vested, any outstanding instalments would
normally be forfeited and he would receive nothing. However, if he left for
“specific ‘good leaver’ reasons (e.g. redundancy, retirement, ill-health,
injury, disability, or disposal of a business)” any outstanding instalments
would vest in line with the normal timetable, subject to any “clawback” that
may subsequently be applied.

4 Alongside the Deferral Plan, the RBS Group gave some of its employees the
option of applying for a cash advance against the value of their Deferred
Award. The defendant took up this opportunity and entered into a loan
agreement (“the loan agreement”) with the plaintiff on 24 July 2009 whereby he
was advanced a sum of $171,022.00. The loan agreement provided that the
duration of the loan was the period beginning the day the loan was drawn down
and ending no later than 30 days after 18 June 2012. As to repayment, the loan
agreement stated, _inter alia_ , that:

In the event that the Deferred Award lapses under the terms on which the
Deferred Award is granted, the Borrower will be notified by the Lender that
this has happened and the whole Loan and accrued interest thereon will become
due and will require to be paid within 30 days from the date of the Lender’s
notice from the Borrower’s own resources.

5 As part of the “loan terms and conditions” comprising the last three pages
of the loan agreement, clause 1.15 stipulated that the agreement would be
governed by Singapore law and that “[t]he courts of Singapore have exclusive
jurisdiction to settle any dispute arising out of or in connection with [the
loan agreement] (including a dispute the existence, validity or termination of
[the loan agreement])”.

6 It was not disputed that the defendant’s employment with the plaintiff was
terminated on 28 February 2010, before any part of his Deferred Award had
vested. The lawfulness of the termination and its effect on the Deferred Award
was, however, in dispute and on 7 April 2010, the defendant commenced the
Zurich action against the plaintiff claiming that the plaintiff had wrongfully
or abusively terminated the defendant’s employment under Swiss law. Oral
arguments took place on 17 June 2010 in the Zurich Labour Court during which
both parties were represented by solicitors.

7 There, the defendant took the position that the plaintiff’s John Baines had
all along wanted to replace the defendant with John Baines’ close friend and
had created a situation in which the defendant could be dismissed and his
Deferred Award and other bonus payments forfeited. The defendant therefore
sought the payment of compensatory damages for his wrongful dismissal.
Additionally, the defendant claimed the payment of outstanding bonuses and
benefits due him (the Deferred Award included) on the basis that he had
effectively been rendered redundant and ought therefore to be regarded as a
“good leaver”. The reliefs sought by the defendant in the Zurich action
totalled CHF 1,197,972.00 (approximately $1,590,335.14).

8 In contrast, the plaintiff took the position that because the defendant had
refused to return to Zurich when he had been asked to, his termination was
justified. Consequently, the defendant’s Deferred Award and other bonus
payments were forfeited.

9 The next hearing in the Zurich action has been scheduled for 30 November
2010. Although the plaintiff’s Swiss lawyers viewed the Zurich action as only
being in its preliminary stages, the defendant’s Swiss lawyers explained on
affidavit that this upcoming hearing was to explore the possibility of an
amicable settlement between the parties, failing which judgment on the
defendant’s claims would be delivered.

10 Meanwhile, on 29 July 2010, the plaintiff commenced the present action
against the defendant to recover the $171,022.00 plus interest it advanced to
the defendant under the loan agreement.

Issues

11 The two main issues in the present application were: (1) whether the
parallel Zurich action resulted in a multiplicity of proceedings; and (2) if
so, whether the court should exercise its discretion to grant a temporary stay
given the circumstances of the case, including the existence of the exclusive
jurisdiction clause in the loan agreement.

Decision

12 As a preliminary matter, I note that in its written submissions, counsel
for the plaintiff argued that _forum non conveniens_ principles ought to be
applicable in the present stay application. However, it did not (and
reasonably so) pursue this point in oral submissions.

13 As recognised by the Court of Appeal in _Chan Chin Cheung v Chan Fatt
Cheung_ [2010] 1 SLR 1192 (“ _Chan Chin Cheung_ ”) at [47], the granting of a
limited stay order pending conclusion of foreign proceedings did not require
the application of _forum non conveniens_ principles because “[u]nder s 18 of
the Supreme Court of Judicature Act [(Cap. 322, 2007 Rev Ed)] and para 9 of
the First Schedule thereto, or alternatively under the inherent jurisdiction
of the court, the court has the full discretion, for sufficient reasons, to
stay any proceedings before it until whatever appropriate conditions are met.”

14 For ease of reference, s 18 of the Supreme Court of Judicature Act read
with para 9 of the First Schedule provides that the High Court has the power
“to dismiss or stay proceedings ... where by reason of multiplicity of
proceedings in any court or courts ... the proceedings ought not to be
continued”.

Whether there was a multiplicity of proceedings

15 On the issue of whether there was a multiplicity of proceedings, counsel
for the plaintiff characterised the loan agreement as an independent and
stand-alone contract – the only relevance of the Singapore proceedings to the
Zurich action was that it raised a potential set off to the claims made by the
defendant there. Consequently, there was no risk that different courts may
come to differing conclusions on the same issues.

16 Counsel for the defendant, however, argued that the issue of whether or not
the plaintiff was entitled to payment under the loan agreement (the subject of
the present action) was inextricably intertwined with the Zurich action which
concerned, in substantial part, the issue of whether or not the defendant was
entitled to his bonus payments.

17 I agreed with counsel for the defendant. According to the terms of the loan
agreement set out in [4] above, whether or not the loan had become due
depended on whether or not the Deferred Award had lapsed. This was in turn
governed by the terms of the Deferral Plan and required the Singapore court to
determine whether or not the defendant was a “good leaver”. This same issue
was already before the Swiss courts in the Zurich action.

18 There was therefore a substantial risk that the Singapore courts and the
Swiss courts could reach differing conclusions on the issue of the plaintiff’s
entitlement to the Deferred Award.

Whether the court should exercise its discretion to grant a temporary stay

19 The more contentious issue was whether the court should exercise its
discretion to grant a temporary stay.

20 Referring to _Multi-Code Electronics Industries (M) Bhd v Toh Chun Toh
Gordon_ [2009] 1 SLR(R) 1000 (“ _Multi-Code_ ”), which was a case where the
same plaintiff was suing the same defendant in multiple jurisdictions, counsel
for the plaintiff argued that the threshold for granting a stay would be
higher in the present case where the plaintiff was not the plaintiff in the
Zurich action.

21 Additionally, on the authority of _Golden Shore Transportation Pte Ltd v
UCO Bank_ [2004] 1 SLR(R) 6 (“ _Golden Shore_ ”), counsel for the plaintiff
argued that a court should exercise its discretion to assist a party in
breaching his contractual commitment to an exclusive jurisdiction clause only
where there were exceptional circumstances amounting to strong cause, such as
where there was a clearly more appropriate forum and permitting reliance on
the exclusive jurisdiction clause may unfairly prejudice one party. These
exceptional circumstances were, according to the plaintiff, non-existent in
the present proceedings.

22 I did not find the reliance on _Multi-Code_ ([20] above) persuasive. There
(at [33]-[34]), Chan Seng Onn J had distinguished between three different
situations involving a multiplicity of proceedings: (1) where the same
plaintiff “A” sues the same defendant “B” in two jurisdictions on
substantially the same causes of action (_ie_ a _lis alibi pendens_); (b)
where the plaintiff “A” sues the defendant “B” in Singapore but “A” is the
defendant in a suit brought by “B” in a foreign jurisdiction; and (c) where
“A” is the defendant in Singapore but is the plaintiff in the suit in the
foreign jurisdiction, and “B” is the plaintiff in Singapore but the defendant
in the foreign suit. In Chan J’s view, the legal principles applicable to
situation (a) would be quite different from those applicable to situations (b)
and (c). Once the defendants established that the case fell within situation
(a) the courts would rarely permit, except in very unusual circumstances, the
plaintiff to proceed in two different jurisdictions. However, in all
likelihood because he was faced with situation (a), Chan J did not elaborate
further on the applicable legal principles in situations (b) and (c). Further,
what Chan J had before him was an application for a _permanent_ stay rather
than a _temporary_ one.

23 As apparent from _Chan Chin Cheung_ ([13] above), an application for a
temporary or limited stay ought to be treated differently from a permanent
stay. The facts of _Chan Chin Cheung_ were that the plaintiff had commenced a
series of related Malaysian suits (“the Malaysian suits”) against the
defendants over the administration of an estate. However, during the progress
of the Malaysian suits, the plaintiff made certain statements about the
plaintiff and his conduct of the Malaysian suits. The plaintiff then commenced
a defamation action in Singapore against the defendants. The defendants
applied for a permanent stay of the defamation action in Singapore. The
Assistant Registrar hearing the application refused to grant the stay.
However, on appeal, the High Court reversed the Assistant Registrar’s decision
and granted a limited stay (pending the outcome of the Malaysian suits)
instead.

24 The Court of Appeal endorsed the High Court’s decision as a sensible and
practical one (at [46]), _inter alia_ , because it would: (1) minimise the
risk of conflicting judgments by enabling the Singapore courts to have the
benefit of the findings of the Malaysian court; (2) in doing so promote
international comity; and (3) ensure that the work done in relation to the
Singapore action would not go to waste. Although these statements were made in
the context of its consideration of _forum non conveniens_ principles, the
Court of Appeal commented (at [47]) that a limited stay based on s 18 of the
Supreme Court of Judicature Act and para 9 of the First Schedule, or the
inherent jurisdiction of the court, was amply justified.

25 For a more detailed discussion of the principles relating to when a court
should exercise its discretion to grant a limited stay on the basis of
multiplicity of proceedings, I found the Australian decisions cited to me by
counsel for the defendant very helpful.

26 In _Sterling Pharmaceuticals Pty Ltd v Boots & Co (Aust) Pty Ltd_ (1992) 34
FCR 287 (“ _Sterling Pharmaceuticals_ ”) at [15], Lockhart J held that as a
court of superior record, the Federal Court of Australia had a general power
to control its proceedings, which extended to the power to order a temporary
stay pending the conclusion of proceedings in another court. The relevant
factors to be taken into account in considering such an application were set
out at [16] as follows:

• Which proceeding was commenced first.

• Whether the termination of one proceeding is likely to have a material
effect on the other.

• The public interest.

• The undesirability of two courts competing to see which of them determines
common facts first.

• Consideration of circumstances relating to witnesses.

• Whether work done on pleadings, particulars, discovery, interrogatories and
preparation might be wasted.

• The undesirability of substantial waste of time and effort if it becomes a
common practice to bring actions in two courts involving substantially the
same issues.

• How far advanced the proceedings are in each court.

• The law should strive against permitting multiplicity of proceedings in
relation to similar issues.

• Generally balancing the advantages and disadvantages to each party.

In that case, the applicant sought a temporary stay of an action in Australia
pending the resolution of a similar action in New Zealand. The Australian
action was based on a complaint that a statement on the packaging of a drug
called Neurofen, that “Neurofen ... is as well tolerated as Paracetamol”, was
false and misleading in breach of ss 52 and 53 of the Australian Trade
Practices Act 1974. The New Zealand action related to the same statement but
the complaint was based on contravention of ss 9, 10 and 13 of New Zealand’s
Fair Trading Act 1986. Although the court found that the issues in both
proceedings were not precisely the same, there was substantial identity
between them, and in order to avoid duplication in the preparation and conduct
of both proceedings, which would likely be especially burdensome to both
parties and their expert witnesses, the court held that it was in the
interests of justice to order an interim stay of the Australian proceedings,
which had been commenced about one year after the New Zealand proceedings.

27 _Sterling Pharmaceuticals_ was cited approvingly by the High Court of
Australia in _Henry v Henry_ (1996) 185 CLR 571 at 590 and in _CSR Ltd v Signa
Insurance Australia Ltd_ (1997) 189 CLR 345 at 390-398. More recently, in
_Bella Products Pty Ltd v Creative Designs International Ltd_ [2009] FCA 868
(“ _Bella Products_ ”), the Federal Court of Australia applied the approach in
_Sterling Pharmaceuticals_ and posited two propositions that summarised the
principles stated in that case: first, that for obvious reasons it is
undesirable that two courts should determine the same dispute; and second,
practical considerations based on common sense and fairness should dictate
which action should proceed first.

28 In my view, the considerations taken into account by the Australian courts
are consistent with the stance taken by the Court of Appeal in _Chan Chin
Cheung_ , _ie_ , the predominant considerations in applications for a
temporary stay of proceedings on the basis of a multiplicity of proceedings
would be practical ones relating to international comity, case management and
fairness to the parties.

29 On the facts of this case, I took into account that it was undesirable to
have both the Singapore and Swiss courts determine the same issue of whether
or not the defendant was entitled to the Deferred Award, that the Zurich
action had been commenced before the Singapore proceedings and that the Zurich
action was at a more advanced stage, with arguments having already been
exchanged. In the present action, the defendants had entered an appearance but
had not filed their defence. Permitting the Zurich action to proceed before
the Singapore action would minimise the risk of conflicting outcomes, and
promote international comity. Further, it would be burdensome and oppressive
to the parties and their witnesses for both proceedings to progress
concurrently as it is likely that there would be a substantial amount of
overlap in the facts and issues traversed. This is particularly so in respect
of the defendant who was an individual with limited resources.

30 As for the exclusive jurisdiction clause in favour of Singapore contained
in the loan agreement, in my judgment, this was a neutral factor in the
analysis of whether or not a temporary stay ought to be granted. The granting
of a temporary stay would not amount to the court assisting in a breach of a
contractual arrangement, per _Golden Shore_ at [21] above, which concerned a
_permanent_ stay. After the resolution of the Zurich action, the plaintiff
could still continue with the present action in Singapore to determine its
rights under the loan agreement.

Conclusion

31 For the foregoing reasons, I granted the defendant’s application for a stay
pending the final determination of the Zurich action with costs to be paid by
the plaintiff to the defendant fixed at $2500, excluding reasonable
disbursements.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 19 Nov 2010 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

