Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Super Continental Pte Ltd _v_ Essential Engineering & Construction Pte Ltd  
[2010] SGHC 365

Case Number| :| Suit No 458 of 2008  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 21 December 2010  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Judith Prakash J  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Hee Theng Fong, Seet Siok Lin Noelle and Lin Ying Clare
(KhattarWong) for the plaintiff; Foo Yeung Chern Mervyn and Esther Yee (Lee &
Lee) for the defendant.  
Parties| :|  Super Continental Pte Ltd — Essential Engineering & Construction
Pte Ltd  
  
21 December 2010| Judgment reserved.  
---|---  
  
Judith Prakash J:

Introduction

1 This action arises out of a contract for the supply and installation of
machinery intended to produce ultra high temperature (“UHT”) treated liquid
products. The purchaser, the plaintiff in this action, is Super Continental
Pte Ltd, a subsidiary of a well known beverage manufacturing company. The
defendant, the supplier of the machinery, is Essential Engineering &
Construction Pte Ltd, a company which has been in the business of
manufacturing, supplying and repairing machinery for processing food products
since 1987.

2 In December 2004, the plaintiff and defendant entered into a contract under
which the defendant was to supply, deliver, install and commission at the
plaintiff’s premises the following machinery:

(a)

one Automatic UHT Plant (“UHT plant”) complete and based on certain
specifications set out in the defendant’s quotation dated 5 November 2004
(“the November quotation”);

(b)

one insulated, vertical and cylindrical buffer tank;

(c)

one Homogenizer in aseptic execution;

(d)

one Aseptic Tank with controls and accessories;

(e)

one control system for the Aseptic Tank’s pre-sterilisation and production
function; and

(f)

one Aseptic-Form-Fill-Seal Machine (“AFFS machine”).

The specifications provided that the UHT plant would be able to work at a
capacity of 500 litres per hour to produce fresh milk, non-dairy creamer
(“NDC”), liquid coffee, liquid sugar and liquid “3-in-1” coffee (collectively,
“the products”) in portion cups of 23 grammes per cup. The AFFS machine was to
have an output of 18,000 cups per hour. The products were intended for human
consumption.

3 The UHT plant was delivered on 28 July 2005 and the AFFS machine was
delivered on 25 November 2005. Upon delivery, they were installed in the
plaintiff’s premises but the plaintiff complained that it had constant
problems with the system from August 2005 up to September 2007\. Various
rectification works were undertaken but the plaintiff was not satisfied and
alleged that the machines, in particular, the UHT plant, were not fit for the
purpose for which they had been supplied. On 11 April 2008, the plaintiff
informed the defendant that because of the defendant’s fundamental breach of
the contract, it was not bound by the same. This action for rescission and/or
damages was started shortly thereafter.

The claim

4 The first cause of action in the Statement of Claim (Amendment No 4)
(“Statement of Claim”) is for breach of contract. The plaintiff’s position is
that the contract was not merely for the supply of parts but was a turnkey
contract for the design, supply, installation of a system (“the System”) which
comprised, _inter alia_ , the UHT plant and the AFFS machine working inter-
dependently to produce the products for sale in the course of the plaintiff’s
business.

5 The contract itself, however, contains no language indicating it is a
turnkey contract. The plaintiff’s stand is that the nature of the contract was
determined by the defendant’s representations. The plaintiff pleaded that Mr
KK Lee (“KK Lee”), the managing director of the defendant, represented that
the defendant was able to design and assemble a UHT plant for the plaintiff
and to set up the entire system for the production of UHT treated milk in
portion cups for sale to consumers, and that he had the relevant expertise in
turnkey projects in this field. In setting up the System, the defendant would
advise the plaintiff on the appropriate machinery, supply such appropriate
machinery, install the same and provide the plaintiff with the necessary
formulae, packaging material and requisite training. The plaintiff relied on
the defendant’s expertise and experience when it accepted the November
quotation by its letter of award dated 17 December 2004 (“Letter of Award”).
By virtue of the November quotation, the Letter of Award, the drawing
submitted by the defendant and the plaintiff’s purchase order dated 20
December 2004, the parties entered into an agreement for a turnkey project in
respect of the System.

6 Secondly, the plaintiff alleged that the defendant was in breach of some of
the following express terms of the contract:

(a)

the description of the various components of the UHT plant;

(b)

the requirement that the AFFS machine would have the capacity to produce
18,000 portion cups of 23g each per hour;

(c)

the performance guarantee “based on milk with throughput of 500L/Hr for the
UHT plant”; and

(d)

the System was to be installed over a period of two working weeks and one UHT
plant engineer was to check and commission the System over a period of ten
days, including the training of operators.

7 Thirdly, the plaintiff alleged that the following terms, implied by law in
the contract, had not been complied with:

(a)

that the System shall be reasonably fit for the following common purposes:

(i)

to safely sterilise the liquid in the UHT plant and make it suitable for the
aseptic packing and production of the finished product; and

(ii)

to consistently produce finished products of satisfactory quality at the rate
stated in the contract.

(b)

that the System shall be reasonably fit for the purpose of:

(i)

producing 18,000 cups of the finished product per hour of satisfactory quality
in a safe and efficient manner, and for a reasonable period of time; and

(ii)

commercial use in the course of the plaintiff’s business.

(c)

that the System and its components shall be of satisfactory quality;

(d)

that the System and its components shall be of reasonable durability;

(e)

that the System and its components shall function in a safe and efficient
manner;

(f)

the capacity and performance of the System and its components shall comply
with the specifications in the contract; and

(g)

the System and the operation thereof shall comply with local laws and
regulations.

8 The Statement of Claim set out in detail the manner in which the defendant
had allegedly breached these three components of the contract and the damages
that the plaintiff had allegedly sustained by reason thereof. At this stage, I
need not repeat or examine these allegations.

9 Although para 17 of the Statement of Claim asserted that the defendant owed
the plaintiff a duty in contract and in tort to use reasonable care, skill,
competence and due diligence in designing, supplying and installing the
System, the closing submissions did not emphasise any breach of any tortious
duty that had been pleaded. The case therefore falls to be decided purely in a
contractual context.

10 In reply, the defendant denied that KK Lee had made representations to the
plaintiff that the defendant was able to set up an entire system for the
production of UHT-treated milk in portion cups. Further, he had never
represented that the defendant would advise, recommend, supply or install the
machinery for the System or that the defendant would provide the plaintiff
with the formulae, packaging material and requisite training. As far as the
defendant was concerned, its responsibility was simply to supply the UHT plant
and AFFS machine. The contract was not a turnkey project for the entire system
but only a contract for the supply of machines. The defendant also denied the
various allegations of breach of contract and defects in the machines
supplied. The defendant asserted that any defects observed were due to the
failure, refusal or neglect of the plaintiff’s staff to maintain and operate
the System properly or to the fact that the cooling tower supplied by the
plaintiff was unable to provide an adequate cooling function. The defendant
also put in a counterclaim for amounts due under the contract which it averred
the plaintiff had not paid.

11 From the pleadings and the closing submissions, the following broad issues
arise:

(a)

what was the nature of the contract between the plaintiff and the defendant
and what documents make up this contract;

(b)

what terms, if any, are to be implied into the contract;

(c)

were there any shortcomings in the System, and if so, did the same arise from
the breach of any express or implied term of the contract; and

(d)

if the plaintiff is able to establish breach, what remedies would be available
to the plaintiff?

The nature of the contract

12 The contract was concluded after a substantial period of negotiation
between the parties. The plaintiff had first become interested in producing
UHT dairy creamer in portion cups in 2001. At that time, its executive
director, Mr Charles Li (“Charles Li”), had discussions on the issue with KK
Lee in the course of which they visited a factory in Hong Kong to see how a
UHT dairy production system with an AFFS machine worked. Negotiations
commenced seriously in July 2004 and from then up to November 2004, the
defendant rendered a number of quotations to the plaintiff. The price and the
specifications changed somewhat over the months and eventually it was the
eighth quotation that was accepted. This was the November quotation and it ran
to some 20 pages which contained the descriptions and specifications of the
various components of the UHT plant and AFFS machine that were to be supplied,
and also basic terms and conditions regarding matters like delivery, warranty,
commissioning and acceptance.

13 The plaintiff’s acceptance of the November quotation was expressed in the
Letter of Award and it is worth quoting most of this document. It reads:

This serves to inform you that M/s Essential Engineering & Construction Pte
Ltd has been awarded the contract for:

i) The supply of the full set of UHT plant and form-fill-seal machine for the
production of portion cup at 18,000 cups/hr based on 23g/cup, come with
auxiliary equipment;

ii) The installation and commissioning of the complete set of UHT and form-
fill-seal machine at 18,000 cups/hr based on 23g/cup, come with auxiliary
equipment;

iii) The provision of the necessary training for the staff on the good
housekeeping and Good Manufacturing Practice (GMP) for the aseptic production
of the portion cup.

In addition, please note that you are to ensure the performance of the
machineries meet the stated specifications by providing a sample milk
formulation during the commissioning trial and acceptance test as dictated in
Section III of the quotation (ref: ES/0379/KKL/04/vk). Also, you are to
provide a list of at least 3 suppliers each for the raw materials (i.e. milk)
and packaging materials for the production of portion cup after acknowledging
the contract. All the certificates of compliance and/or sterility from the
relevant authorities would need to be furnished for our record purpose as
stated in the quotation. Furthermore, any requirements for the building
structure would need to be made known to us to facilitate the building work on
our side.

_The entire scope of the contract would be according to the quotation
submitted on 5 th November 2004_ (Ref: ES/0379/KKL/04/vk) for the following
sum:

1) UHT plant come with auxiliary equipment S$242,000.00

2) Aseptic form-fill-seal machine (18,000 cups/hr) Euro $632,783.00

3) Installation and commissioning S$10,125.00 (excluding prevailing GST)

Lastly, the dates of delivery for the machineries to our site at Super
Continental are as such:

1) 5 months for the UHT plant and Aseptic Tank (Latest by end of May 2005)

2) 6 months for the Aseptic Form Fill Seal machine (Latest by middle of June
2005)

Upon acknowledging this contract, M/s Essential Engineering & Construction Pte
Ltd has agreed to uphold the various job scopes, terms and conditions
pertaining to the contract.

[emphasis added]

14 It would be observed that the plaintiff had been careful to specify the
main particulars of the contract it was awarding to the defendant under sub-
paras i), ii) and iii) of the first paragraph of the Letter of Award.
Additionally, the plaintiff had detailed other matters which were important to
it and had emphasised that the scope of the contract would be according to the
November quotation. Nowhere in the Letter of Award did the plaintiff mention
the phrase “turnkey project” or indicate that it was relying on the defendant
to take care of everything apart from the raw materials and utilities.

15 The plaintiff, however, contended that it had entered into the contract
based on the defendant’s representations that it had the necessary expertise
in UHT treatment systems. Charles Li stated in court that the plaintiff’s only
concerns during negotiations with the defendant were price and capacity of the
System (_ie_ the production rate) and that he eventually chose the defendant
rather than other suppliers because the defendant could give the plaintiff
“the formula and ... ensure the shelf-life of the product. That was why after
comparison I decided to use [the defendant] because ... he was able to give me
a turnkey project”.

16 The plaintiff also emphasised that KK Lee had admitted in court that the
defendant was not merely a trading agent who sold the UHT plant to the
plaintiff but that the defendant had designed the flow sheet and layout plants
showing the arrangement of the System within the plaintiff’s factory. Also, KK
Lee had been the person who had derived the flow rate of 500 litres per hour
to satisfy the plaintiff’s requirement of 18,000 portion cups per hour. The
defendant’s evidence was that the UHT plant and AFFS machine were supplied as
a set. The defendant had obtained the components of the UHT plant from various
manufacturers and had assembled them. KK Lee had admitted that it had been the
defendant’s obligation to prepare a drawing of the layout of the UHT plant and
to put the UHT plant and AFFS machine together.

17 The plaintiff submitted that the defendant’s obligations under the contract
covered all aspects of production. KK Lee had agreed in court that it was the
defendant’s obligation to ensure satisfactory performance of the UHT plant.
The defendant had also agreed to supply the formulae for dairy creamer and was
responsible for the sterility of the intended products and a guaranteed shelf-
life of six months. Furthermore, as the plaintiff had had no prior experience
in UHT treatment systems at the time of contracting with the defendant and had
relied entirely on the defendant, it was probable that the plaintiff had
entered into a contract on a turnkey basis for an integrated system rather
than just a contract for parts.

18 It is not quite clear to me exactly what the plaintiff hopes to achieve
from a finding that the contract was for a “turnkey project”. The express
terms of the contract as contained in the November quotation and the Letter of
Award are quite detailed and these are supplemented by terms implied by law as
I will discuss below. The defendant’s obligations as expressed and implied are
fairly extensive and I am not sure how much further it takes the plaintiff to
be able to establish that there was a turnkey project. The plaintiff did not
define either “turnkey project” or “turnkey contract” and, as far as I am
aware, no legal definitions of those terms exist. As one of the defendant’s
witnesses testified, the word “turnkey” is open to subjective interpretation
and even when parties agree on a turnkey project, the scope of the
contractor’s contractual obligations would still depend on the terms of the
contract.

19 In the Statement of Claim, the plaintiff alleged that the defendant was
responsible for the failure of the System to produce NDC because the defendant
was not only responsible for supplying and installing the UHT plant and AFFS
machine, but it was also responsible for the effectiveness of the System as a
whole. In contrast, the defendant’s position was that under the contract, the
defendant’s only responsibility was to supply, deliver and install individual
component parts of the System. Both parties have taken extreme positions. On
the one hand, there is nothing in the contract which implies that the
defendant is guaranteeing that, whatever the plaintiff may do or put into the
System, the resulting product will be satisfactory to the plaintiff. Such an
interpretation would be contrary to the express provision of the November
quotation to the effect that the defendant does not guarantee the physical
properties of the products such as taste and colour. The plaintiff’s witnesses
admitted that the formulation of the NDC, the preparation of the raw materials
and the proper supply of utilities were all factors that could affect the
quality of the NDC produced. The defendant was not responsible for the
formulation of the NDC which was the plaintiff’s trade secret and, whilst the
defendant agreed to recommend certain suppliers and give a recommendation for
the formulation of dairy creamer, the plaintiff did not always follow the
defendant’s recommendation and the defendant could not force the plaintiff to
do so.

20 On the other hand, I agree with the plaintiff that the defendant had
undertaken an obligation to supply a system rather than simply components. The
defendant denied designing the System and averred that a drawing that it
supplied to the plaintiff was not the design of the System but was only
intended to illustrate generally how the UHT plant and AFFS machine would have
to fit in with the other key component of the System. This stand, however, was
contradicted by testimony given by KK Lee and his project manager, Ms Maznah
Ismawi (as summarised in [16] above). The defendant’s responsibility for
supplying a system was clear from the context of the contract, the specific
obligations undertaken by the defendant as set out in the contract and the
evidence, including KK Lee’s admissions in court. Therefore, generally, the
defendant’s responsibility extended to ensuring that the System worked in that
the components supplied by the defendant were suitable in design and
manufacture to perform together to produce the products in the manner intended
by the contract. Exactly how the System was intended to perform is something
that must be established from the express terms of the contract as
supplemented by the implied terms.

21 At this stage, I should also say that the express terms of the contract are
in my judgment contained in the November quotation and the Letter of Award
only. The plaintiff contended that two other documents, a drawing and its own
purchase order, also formed part of the contract. The purchase order was only
issued after the Letter of Award accepted the November quotation without
reference to the terms of the purchase order. Therefore, it cannot be included
as a contractual document. As for the drawing, this was something that the
defendant supplied to the plaintiff during the negotiations as an indication
of the layout of the System but it was not referred to in either the November
quotation or the Letter of Award and therefore there is no reason to include
it as a contractual document.

What terms are implied into the contract?

22 In its closing submissions, the plaintiff contended that various provisions
of the Sale of Goods Act (Cap 393, 1999 Rev Ed) (“SOGA”) applied to the
contract so as to impose legal obligations of fitness for purpose and quality
on the defendant. The defendant’s response was that the plaintiff could not
rely on s 14(2) and s 14(3) of SOGA because it had not pleaded such reliance.
Instead, the plaintiff had pleaded that it was relying on the terms and
conditions implied by the Supply of Goods and Services Act 1982 (c 29)(UK), an
English statute. The defendant pointed out that only Part I of this statute
applied in Singapore, having been enacted as the Supply of Goods Act (Cap 394,
1999 Rev Ed) (“Supply Act”), and that even this part was inapplicable since it
does not govern contracts under which a seller transfers property in goods to
a buyer for a monetary consideration. The contract between the plaintiff and
the defendant was clearly a contract by which the defendant transferred
property in equipment and machinery to the plaintiff for a monetary
consideration. Therefore, the defendant argued, no terms could be implied into
the contract by virtue of either SOGA or the Supply Act.

23 I agree with the defendant’s contentions in relation to the inapplicability
of the Supply Act. The position in regard to SOGA is, however, different. I
consider that the plaintiff is entitled to rely on that statute although it
did not quote it specifically in the Statement of Claim. It is not necessary
for a plaintiff to specifically cite the legal provisions on which he relies
as long as he pleads sufficient facts to indicate to the defendant the case
that he is making so as to enable the defendant to put forward his defence to
that case. In a situation where a plaintiff is relying on obligations imposed
by law, it would be a matter of good pleading for him to cite the relevant
legal provisions in his Statement of Claim. Failure to do so would not,
however, be fatal provided that the pleading sufficiently indicates the nature
of his case.

24 In this case, in para 14 of the Statement of Claim, the plaintiff set out
certain terms which it said must be implied into the contract as a matter of
law or fact to give the contract business efficacy. I have reproduced these at
[7] above. The plaintiff also pleaded in para 6 of the Statement of Claim that
the defendant knew or ought to have known that the purpose of producing the
products using the System was for the plaintiff to sell the same to retailers
in the course of the plaintiff’s business.

25 Section 14(2) of SOGA provides that where a seller sells goods in the
course of a business, there is an implied condition that the goods supplied
under the contract are of satisfactory quality. According to s 14(2A), goods
are of a satisfactory quality if they meet the standard that a reasonable
person would regard as satisfactory, taking into account any description of
the goods, the price and all other relevant circumstances. By s 14(2B), the
quality of goods includes aspects like fitness for all purposes for which
goods of the kind in question are commonly supplied, safety, freedom from
minor defects and durability. Further, under s 14(3), where the seller sells
goods in the course of a business and the buyer makes known to the seller any
particular purpose for which the goods are being bought, there is an implied
condition that the goods supplied under that contract are reasonably fit for
that purpose. In my judgment, the language used in paras 6 and 14 of the
Statement of Claim sufficiently tracked the language of parts of s14 of SOGA
as to make it clear to the defendant that although SOGA was not expressly
mentioned some of the obligations it imposed were being relied on by the
plaintiff. Although the plaintiff also sought in its closing submissions to
rely on s 13(1) of SOGA relating to a sale by description, there was no
language in the Statement of Claim that indicated such reliance or in what way
the goods did not comply with their description. Accordingly, since the
plaintiff did not afford the defendant the opportunity to make a defence to a
claim that the contract was a contract for the sale of goods by description
and the goods did not comply with the description, I will not consider any
such claim in this judgment.

26 I have set out in [7] above the various terms which the plaintiff sought to
have implied into the contract, and I will now decide whether these are terms
permitted or contemplated by s 14 of SOGA. Some of the terms that the
plaintiff sought to imply were actually provided as express terms of the
contract and there is no need to imply terms that overlap with the express
terms. These included the terms that the System would produce 18,000 cups of
the products per hour and that the capacity and performance of the System
shall comply with the specifications in the contract. There is no express term
stating that the System and its operation shall comply with local laws and
regulations but I do not need to consider that as an implied term for two
reasons. The first is that there is no allegation that such term if it existed
was breached. Secondly, nothing in the SOGA implies such a term.

27 The plaintiff submitted that the common or usual purpose of the System was
to treat raw products using UHT treatment and to have such products
aseptically packed into portion cups with the objective of extending the
shelf-life of the treated products without the need for refrigeration. Apart
from its fitness for the common purpose, the System also had to be fit for the
“particular purpose” which was known to the defendant at the time of the sale
(see s 14(3) of SOGA). In this connection, the plaintiff submitted, the
particular purpose of the UHT plant and AFFS machine was to produce the
products with a shelf-life of six months for dairy creamer and NDC, at the
rate of 18,000 cups per hour for commercial sale. The products had to be fit
for consumption throughout their intended shelf-life.

28 As the plaintiff emphasised, the defendant by its defence accepted that the
contract contained the following implied terms:

(a)

that the UHT plant and AFFS machine had to be reasonably fit for the common
purpose of safely sterilising the liquid in the UHT plant and making it
suitable for the aseptic packing and production of the products; and

(b)

that the UHT plant and AFFS machine had to be reasonably fit for the
plaintiff’s particular purposes as set out in [7(b) to (g)] above.

Where the defendant disagreed with the plaintiff was in relation to the
assertion that the implied terms referred to the System as a whole. As far as
the defendant was concerned, it was only willing to accept contractual
obligations in respect of the specified machines. Thus, the defendant had no
difficulty with the nature of the terms which the plaintiff sought to have
implied into the contract. Its only quarrel was regarding the extent of the
application of those terms.

29 Having held that the defendant’s obligations under the contract were in
respect of the supply of a system for a particular purpose rather than a
provision of individual machines (see [20] above), I agree with the plaintiff
that any terms to be implied must relate to the System as a whole and not only
to the UHT plant and AFFS machine individually. Therefore, as I see it, the
terms that were implied into the contract were the following:

(a)

That the System was of satisfactory quality in that:

(1)

It was fit for its common purpose of safely sterilising liquid in the UHT
plant and rendering the same suitable for aseptic packing and production of
the products; and

(2)

It was fit for the purpose of consistently producing products of satisfactory
quality at the rate stated in the contract.

(b)

That the System was reasonably fit for the plaintiff’s purpose which was to
produce 18,000 cups of the products (of a satisfactory quality) per hour in a
safe and efficient manner and that the System would be capable of being used
for the purpose of the plaintiff’s business of retailing the products
commercially.

(c)

That the System and its components would be of satisfactory quality and
reasonable durability and function in a safe and efficient manner.

30 Apart from the physical functioning of the System after it was delivered,
there was a great deal of contention regarding whether the System was capable
of producing a satisfactory product. In this connection, the defendant pointed
out that the implied condition regarding satisfactory quality under s 14(2) of
SOGA does not, by virtue of s 14(2C)(a), extend to any matter making the
quality of goods unsatisfactory which is specifically drawn to the buyer’s
attention before the contract is made. Counsel emphasised that in August 2004,
the defendant had informed the plaintiff that although there was a one year
shelf-life for the product, the stability of the product and its quality might
change over the period. In the November quotation, the defendant also stated
it would not be responsible for the physical properties of the NDC.
Accordingly, in so far as problems with the physical properties of the NDC
formed the plaintiff’s basis for alleging that the UHT plant and the AFFS
machine were not of satisfactory quality, the defendant argued that the
plaintiff could not rely on s 14(2). The defendant also argued that the
plaintiff did not rely on the defendant’s skill or judgment for the
formulation of the NDC or for preparing the raw materials for the NDC. The
defendant had only provided the machinery and it was not correct for the
plaintiff to contend that it had relied on the defendant for the suitability
of the ingredients, the manner in which there had been prepared or the
suitability of the end product. These are matters that I will consider further
in the course of considering the evidence on the alleged breaches of contract.

Alleged breaches and alleged defects

31 The plaintiff complained that it experienced constant problems with the
System from August 2005 to September 2007.

32 Its first complaint was that both the UHT plant and the AFFS machine were
delivered late. The UHT plant was delivered around 28 July 2005 when it should
have been delivered by the end of May. Similarly, the AFFS machine came in
November 2005 when, contractually, it was due in mid June 2005. The defendant
did not accept that the delay was its fault but asserted that it arose from
the delay on the plaintiff’s part to be ready to receive the machines. There
is, however, no need for me to go into these allegations because, as the
defendant also pointed out, the plaintiff did not show how it had suffered
loss or damage as a result of the delay in delivery.

33 The major complaint was that the plaintiff was unable to operate the System
on a full time basis from August 2005 to September 2007 because of numerous
problems that continually plagued the UHT plant and the AFFS machine. The
plaintiff set out a list of the defects in Schedule B of the Statement of
Claim (“Schedule B”). This list ran to some four pages of defects which the
plaintiff had detected and informed the defendant about during the period in
question. To give an example of these defects, between 26 August 2005 and 29
August 2005, the plaintiff informed the defendant that it had experienced
certain electrical faults in the System; on 16 November 2005, the plaintiff
informed the defendant that there were unusual noises when it operated the
aseptic homogeniser; on 27 June 2006, the plaintiff informed the defendant of
leaks from the rotating shaft of Product Pump 2, and on 15 August 2007, the
plaintiff repeatedly informed the defendant about cooling problems in the
System. It can be seen that the complaints varied from minor operational and
mechanical matters, to serious seeming defects. The plaintiff in its closing
submissions did not deal with all the defects set out in Schedule B but
highlighted only some of them. The defendant sought to answer the highlighted
defects, though it did also assert that the other defects were operational
matters that were ironed out in the course of the period in question. I, too,
will focus in this judgment on the major allegations as I am satisfied that
most of the more minor complaints were sorted out over the period in question.

34 The plaintiff asserted that whenever the System underwent testing by the
defendant, different parts of the UHT plant and AFFS machine would break down
or mal-function necessitating repairs. In July 2007, the plaintiff attempted
to produce NDC for commercial sale during a trial run (“July trial run”) that
operated on a full-time basis _ie_ one shift a day, five days a week. The
result of the July trial run confirmed that the UHT plant and AFFS machine
were unable to produce NDC in portion cups that could be sold commercially.
The defendant did not resolve the problems that arose during the July trial
run and thereafter the plaintiff stopped attempts at production. In the
plaintiff’s opinion, it did not derive any benefit from the System throughout
the two years that it attempted to operate it. There was a total failure of
consideration and the implied terms had been breached as the System was not of
satisfactory quality due to the frequent breakdowns and lack of durability.
Not only was the System unfit for the particular purpose for which the
plaintiff required it, but it was also unfit for the common purposes of such a
system.

35 To a large extent the plaintiff, in seeking to justify its complaints about
the System, relied on observations and evidence arising out of the July trial
run. It did not place as much reliance on problems in the System observed
before then. The defendant, however, sought to show that the System functioned
properly after installation and that the plaintiff’s complaints could not be
ascribed to matters for which the defendant was responsible. Before I deal
with the plaintiff’s main complaints, I should assess the strength of the
defendant’s assertions.

Was the UHT plant successfully commissioned in January 2006?

36 The portions of the contract relating to commissioning and acceptance are
set out in Sections II and III of the November quotation. The relevant
paragraphs of Section II are:

(b) During the commissioning period, the plant will be operated by client
operation under the supervision of the commissioning engineer.

(d) Commissioning will be considered completed when the product is processed
and packed.

37 The relevant paragraphs of Section III are:

_Acceptance Test_

The plant will be operated in accordance to the instruction of the
commissioning engineer where the operator will be operating.

...

Three (3) batches of product will be processed. ... Samples will be taken ...
during the filling operation. ... A minimum of 5% of the total production run
should be collected during each of the trial run.

The sample should be incubated for Seven (7) days at 30ºC - 35ºC before
examination. The sample should be tested for spoilage by smell and taste. At
the same time, sample should be taken from the packages to do the micro
biological examination by colony count. ...

If the result of these test [_sic_] show there are fewer than one per thousand
(0.1) spoiled packages which cannot be attributed to faulty packaging, during
the filling of the trial run, the plant shall be considered satisfactory. ...

38 The defendant asserted that the UHT plant was successfully commissioned in
January 2006 when three trial runs with product were carried out in co-
operation with the plaintiff and a representative of the supplier of the AFFS
machine. The trial runs were done on 20, 23 and 26 January 2006 with the
intention of producing three batches of product and taking samples of the same
for testing. Samples were in fact taken from the first two batches and handed
to the plaintiff to send the same for micro-biological testing as shown from
an e-mail sent by the defendant to the plaintiff on 24 January 2006. The
defendant also declared its intention to take similar samples from the third
batch. The plaintiff had not shown that no such samples were taken from the
third batch.

39 KK Lee had testified that these samples taken in January 2006 passed all
the tests for smell, taste and sterility. It was notable that the plaintiff
had not produced any evidence showing that the samples had failed the tests.
There were no test results showing that more than 0.1 percent of the product
had spoiled and therefore the UHT plant had to be considered satisfactory. The
defendant emphasised that the plaintiff had not produced evidence to
substantiate any allegation that in January 2006, the UHT plant was
unsatisfactory. Further, on 6 March 2006, Tay Chiew Teck (“Mr Tay”), the
plaintiff’s research and development manager, had signed the defendant’s Final
Acceptance Testing/Equipment form (“Acceptance form”) for the UHT plant. This
form clearly stated that:

(a) the defendant had completed and tested the UHT plant from 12 January 2006
to 26 January 2006;

(b) the defendant had imparted operation methods to the plaintiff’s designated
officer, Mr Tay; and

(c) the warranty would take effect from 6 March 2006 with a duration of 12
months for mechanical parts and six months for electrical parts, but excluding
damage caused by wear and tear, misuse and abuse.

40 The plaintiff, on the other hand, argued that the commissioning of the UHT
plant had not been successfully completed because:

(a) the condition in the contract that, during the commissioning period, the
UHT plant was to be operated by the plaintiff’s operators under the
supervision of the commissioning engineer had not been complied with;

(b) Mr Tay had testified that he had signed the Acceptance form solely to
acknowledge receipt of the instruction manual for the UHT plant;

(c) the criteria for the commissioning, trial and acceptance test set out in
Section (III) of the November quotation were not reflected in the Acceptance
form;

(d) the plaintiff’s personnel were not trained to operate the System in
January 2006;

(e) the micro-biological test was only conducted in August 2006; and

(f) there was no acceptance of the UHT plant because it was fraught with
defects from the time it was installed until the plaintiff stopped attempting
production in September 2007.

41 Dealing with the last point raised by the plaintiff, the fact that the
plaintiff may have experienced many difficulties after Mr Tay signed the
Acceptance form does not mean that the UHT plant was not successfully
commissioned. It may have had defects which only manifested themselves during
continuing operations after the commissioning. Therefore, a successful
commissioning would not by itself mean that the plaintiff’s complaints had no
substance.

42 I am satisfied on the evidence that on a balance of probabilities, the UHT
plant was commissioned in January 2006 or if not then, then by 6 March 2006
when Mr Tay signed the Acceptance form. During re-examination, Mr Tay sought
to explain why his signing of the Acceptance form should not be treated as an
admission that the UHT plant had been successfully commissioned. I do not
accept his explanations. First, he said that the three batches of product were
not run and the samples were not taken. This was contrary to the defendant’s
e-mail showing that at least two samples had been taken and the third would be
taken on completion of the third run. Further, Mr Tay could have refused to
sign the Acceptance form for this reason or could have noted the failure on
the form. As for the fact that there were no test results showing that the
product met the required standards, the contemporaneous documentary evidence
indicated that it was the plaintiff who had to send the product for testing.
Since the plaintiff did not produce the test results, I infer that the tests
results were satisfactory. There was also KK Lee’s unchallenged evidence that
the product looked, smelled and tasted good.

43 The evidence showed that contrary to the plaintiff’s allegation that there
could not have been a commissioning/acceptance trial in January 2006 because
the plaintiff’s operators were only employed in February 2006, there were at
least two persons in the plaintiff’s employ in January 2006 who were trained
by the defendant to operate the machines. These were Mr Tay and a Burmese
employee, Zaw Myo. The defendant also asserted that there was another employee
of the plaintiff who was trained to operate the machines. Mr Zaw testified
that both he and Mr Tay had operated the UHT plant in January 2006. They were
supervised by Mr Huang Zhiliang who was employed as a project engineer by the
defendant. He had been sent to Italy with Mr Tay for training by the
manufacturers of the AFFS machine. Mr Huang’s unchallenged testimony was that
from 3 January 2006 to 26 January 2006 he had supervised the commissioning
trial of the UHT plant and that it had been operated by the plaintiff’s
personnel during this time.

44 In the Acceptance form, Mr Tay specifically agreed that the defendant had
imparted the operation methods to him as the plaintiff’s designated person. Mr
Tay is a food science graduate from Cornell University and thus fully capable
of reading and understanding the contents of the Acceptance form. It is
apparent from the wording of this form that it does not refer only to the
receipt of instruction manuals but to the completion and testing of the UHT
plant and buffer tank and aseptic tank. The form acknowledges that the same
had been formally handed over by the defendant to Mr Tay, the plaintiff’s
representative. Mr Tay confirmed that he read the form carefully. He must
therefore have understood the nature of the form. I cannot accept his evidence
that he did not understand its significance. He signed the Acceptance form
without reservation or qualification though he admitted in court that he could
have qualified the form had he wished to.

45 It is also relevant that Schedule B does not contain particulars of any
alleged defects noted between January 2006 and March 2006\. No evidence has
been produced by the plaintiff of any serious complaints made in respect of
the UHT plant during this period. Mr Zaw’s affidavit mentions complaints made
in September 2005 (before the commissioning and acceptance tests were carried
out) but does not specifically describe problems that were noticed with the
UHT plant during the two months from January to March 2006. In all I am
satisfied that the commissioning of the UHT plant took place at the latest on
6 March 2006 when the Acceptance form was signed.

Problems with the System from August 2005 to September 2007

46 The plaintiff complained that it was unable to operate the System on a
full-time basis from August 2005 to September 2007 because of numerous
problems that continually plagued the UHT plant and AFFS machine. In view of
my finding that the UHT plant was commissioned and accepted in March 2006, the
period to be considered must start in April 2006 and not in August 2005.

47 The plaintiff stressed that it continually encountered problems with one of
the pumps which it referred to as Product Pump 2\. It complained:

(a) on 19 May 2006, the shaft of Product Pump 2 broke and the next day, the
defendant took the pump back for repairs. The plaintiff’s operations were at a
standstill for the next few days until repairs were effected;

(b) on 27 June 2006, the rotating shaft of Product Pump 2 leaked and this leak
was still evident in July 2006 when the defendant tested the System. The
defendant had to take the pump back for repairs again and in so doing,
disrupted operations once more;

(c) on 21 December 2006, the plaintiff discovered that the rotor in Product
Pump 2 was damaged;

(d) on 24 January 2007, the defendant affixed a safety valve onto Product Pump
2 and subsequently the plaintiff observed that the safety valve leaked
constantly and the System was unable to attain the contracted flow rate of 500
litres per hour;

(e) on 30 March 2007, the shaft complement of Product Pump 2 broke; and

(f) on 13 June 2007, the defendant replaced Product Pump 2 with a new pump
(referred to as Product Pump 3).

48 The defendant did not consider the problems with Product Pump 2 to be as
serious as the plaintiff claimed. Product Pump 2 was covered under a 12-month
warranty which commenced on 6 March 2006 and during the duration of the
warranty period, the defendant took reasonable steps to repair Product Pump 2.
However, the defendant was aware that its efforts to repair Product Pump 2 had
not been entirely successful and had replaced it with Product Pump 3 free of
charge even after the warranty period expired.

49 The defendant would like me to consider the problems with Product Pump 2 as
teething problems which were satisfactorily dealt with. However, since the
defendant saw fit to replace Product Pump 2 free of charge even after the
warranty period had expired, it would seem that the defendant had acknowledged
that that Product Pump 2 was not a satisfactory component of the System. The
difficulties with Product Pump 2 illustrated some problems that the plaintiff
had in operating the System during the first year after commissioning of the
UHT plant. Given that that pump was replaced, the plaintiff could not rely on
those difficulties to justify its wholesale repudiation of the System. In its
submissions therefore, it concentrated on problems observed during the July
trial run which took place after Product Pump 3 had been installed and also
highlighted its concerns about the suitability of Product Pump 3.

Gelation of dairy creamer and NDC

50 It was common ground that the products of the System were to have a shelf-
life of at least six months. The plaintiff’s complaint was that the products
produced during the July trial run did not meet this requirement. It should be
noted that although the plaintiff complained about the condition of two types
of products, the only product that was processed in the System during the July
trial run was NDC. Dairy creamer had been processed previously but was not
produced during the July trial run. Further, the name NDC is somewhat
misleading in that the ingredients of NDC as produced by the plaintiff include
milk proteins.

51 The plaintiff emphasised the evidence showing that its systematic shelf-
life tests showed that NDC in properly sealed portion cups showed signs of
spoilage as early as the second week after production. Tests were carried out
by mixing the NDC with coffee on 14 August 2007, 18 September 2007 and 2
October 2007. On the first test date, a little bit of fine free fat was seen
in the coffee, on the second test date, fine free fat and a few white flakes
were seen in the coffee and on the third date (some nine weeks after
production), the NDC had gelled. KK Lee agreed in court that he had no reason
to doubt the truth of the shelf-life test reports. The plaintiff complained
that it was unable to sell any of the NDC produced during the July trial run
because the same had gelled. This result defeated the purpose of the System.
The question that arises is as to the cause of this gelation.

52 The plaintiff’s position is that the NDC and the dairy creamer produced by
the System gelled because of the extremely long holding time of the UHT plant.
The way that the UHT plant operates is that first the liquid to be processed
is heated in the Tubular Heat Exchanger to a sterilisation temperature of
140ºC. It then flows from a valve called valve VII through a connecting tube
into an insulated tube called the Holding Tube. The purpose of the insulation
is to maintain the temperature of the liquid in the Holding Tube at a stable
level. From the Holding Tube, the liquid flows through another connecting tube
into a component called the Sterile Cooler where it should be cooled to about
30ºC to 35ºC. The duration of the time that the liquid spends at about
sterilisation temperature (_ie_ 140ºC) is called the Holding Time.

53 The plaintiff emphasised that the specification in the November quotation
was “Holding Time: 5 sec” but asserted that the _de facto_ holding time was
much longer. The insulated Holding Tube supplied is 6.3 metres long and at a
flow rate of 500 litres per hour the heated liquid would remain in the Holding
Tube for 17 seconds. This length of time in itself exceeds the intended
holding time of five seconds specified in the contract by 12 seconds. The
plaintiff, however, contended that it was insufficient to go on the basis of
the length of the Holding Tube itself and that the total length of what the
plaintiff called “the _de facto_ holding tube” had to be considered. This
total length is 9.48 metres and is made up of the length of the Holding Tube
added to the lengths of:

(a)

the tube connecting valve VII to the Holding Tube; and

(b)

the tube connecting the Holding Tube to the Sterile Cooler.

It takes approximately 28.3 seconds for the product to pass through “the _de
facto_ holding tube”. The plaintiff argued that the longer period of time had
to be used because the liquid is held almost consistently at the sterilisation
temperature from the time it passes through valve V11 until it gets to the
sterile cooler. The plaintiff noted that its expert Mr Allan Jensen (“Mr
Jensen”) had stated that the temperature of the liquid from the time it left
valve V11 till it reached the end of the insulated Holding Tube was at least
140ºC and that the drop in the temperature of the liquid as it travelled
through the connection tube from the insulated Holding Tube to the Sterile
Cooler would be insignificant (about 0.5ºC). The plaintiff contended that it
was the excessive holding time that the product was subjected to that caused
the gelation.

54 The defendant disputed the plaintiff’s position on two counts. First, it
contended that the holding time was only 17 seconds. It noted that Mr Jensen’s
initial calculations in his first report (“First Report”) placed the length of
the Holding Tube at 6.3 metres and it was only in his supplementary report
(“Supplementary Report”) that he changed his position. In the Supplementary
Report, Mr Jensen stated that due to the way the pipe work was connected
within the UHT plant, the length of the tubes connecting the insulated Holding
Tube to the Tubular Heat Exchanger and to the Sterile Cooler had to be
factored in as well, making the length of the holding time 28.3 seconds. The
defendant submitted that this explanation should not be believed because Mr
Jensen had claimed to have prior experience in measuring holding tubes and to
have come across holding tubes with connecting tubes. It was therefore highly
improbable that, with this knowledge and experience, if the connecting tubes
formed part of the Holding Tube, he would have omitted to include the same in
his calculations in the first place. Further, he had agreed that once the
product passed the temperature sensor at the end of insulated Holding Tube,
its temperature would start to drop. The defendant also relied on the evidence
of Mr Ho Lai-Ki Tony (“Mr Ho”), another of its experts, who had seen the
sensor and who had stated that the correct holding time should be 17 seconds.
Mr Ho explained that for a tube to be designated as a Holding Tube, one must
have some degree of control over the temperature of the product in it.
Accordingly, when the product is in another length of tube where there is no
control over the temperature fluctuation, that length is not considered part
of the Holding Tube. Therefore, the defendant said the NDC was not held at
140ºC for the entire 28.3 seconds but was kept at this temperature for not
more than 17 seconds.

55 Having considered the arguments and the evidence, I agree with the
plaintiff that the essential point to be determined is not so much whether the
Holding Tube is 6.3 metres long as contended by the defendant or 9.48 metres
long as contended by the plaintiff, but, considering the design of the UHT
plant, how long the product which had been heated to 140ºC remained at or
about that temperature before it was cooled. Technically, the defendant must
be correct and the Holding Tube itself is only 6.3 metres long and the product
remains there for only 17 seconds. There is, however, sufficient evidence to
satisfy me that the design of the UHT plant is such that once the product had
been heated to 140ºC in the Tubular Heat Exchanger it remained at or close to
that level for 28.3 seconds whilst it travelled from the Tubular Heat
Exchanger to the Sterile Cooler.

56 The defendant also argued that I should not interpret the contract as
requiring a holding time of exactly five seconds. It relied on KK Lee’s
evidence that this provision actually referred to a _minimum_ holding time and
on the fact that the defendant had all along admitted that the holding time
exceeded five seconds. This was because under the contract documents, the UHT
plant was supposed to be able to handle other products in addition to NDC.
Each product would have its own minimum holding time before it could be
properly sterilised. In this connection, Mr Ho who is a project consultant for
dairy processes and training and who has had experience designing and handling
numerous UHT plants and aseptic fillers, had testified that five seconds is
insufficient to properly sterilise liquid sugar and 3-in-1 coffee mix. His
evidence was that a holding time of about 15 to 16 seconds was required for
these products. The defendant submitted that it would be inconsistent with
this requirement for me to interpret the relevant term of the contract as an
agreement by the defendant to provide an exact holding time of five seconds
when such a specification would impair the overall function of the UHT plant.

57 The November quotation contained the following relevant specifications of
the UHT plant:

Product |  : |  \- Non Dairy creamer  
---|---|---  
|  |  \- Liquid Coffee  
|  |  \- Fresh Milk  
|  |  \- Liquid Sugar  
|  |  \- Liquid 3-in-1 Coffee (NDC, Coffee, Sugar)  
Infeed Temp |  : |  60ºC  
Sterilization Temp |  : |  140ºC  
Holding Time |  : |  5 sec  
  
  

It was the defendant’s document and its phraseology was entirely up to the
defendant. There was nothing to stop the defendant from specifying that the
holding time would be “minimum 5 seconds” if it had chosen to word the
quotation in that way. The defendant did not do so and it did not do so for a
good technical reason. This is that the length of the holding time determines
the length of the Holding Tube. If the defendant had specified a minimum
holding time, the manufacturers of the Holding Tube would not have been able
to determine its length. Secondly, if the defendant had wanted to ensure that
the Holding Tube was long enough to sterilise liquid 3-in-1 coffee and liquid
sugar for the requisite 15 to 16 seconds, it would have specified that the
holding time was 16 seconds. Specifying five seconds as the minimum holding
time would mean that a Holding Tube which was long enough to hold the product
for ten seconds would meet the specification but would still be inadequate to
sterilise liquid 3-in-l coffee and liquid sugar. I do not accept the
defendant’s argument that the holding time was meant to be a minimum of five
seconds as such a specification would be technically impossible and also not
achieve what the defendant asserted it wanted to achieve.

58 It is therefore my finding that the defendant was in breach of contract
when it provided a UHT plant with a Holding Tube which held the liquid being
treated for 17 seconds. It was in further breach of contract because the UHT
plant in fact held the product at or close to the sterilisation temperature
for a total period of 28.3 seconds instead of for five seconds. The next
question is whether this breach caused the products to gel prematurely as
contended by the plaintiff.

59 The defendant disagreed that the long holding time was the most probable
cause of the gelation observed in the products from the July trial run. In
this connection, it relied on evidence given by Gregory Peter Mergen (“Mr
Mergen”). Mr Mergen is the president of a company which designs and supplies
dairy and food machinery. He has a degree in food science and 30 years of
personal experience in the design and operations of all types of dairy
processing systems.

60 In preparing his expert report, Mr Mergen referred to a text called _Dairy
Chemistry & Physics_ by Pieter Walstra & Robert Jenness, published in 1984 (“
_DCP_ ”). _DCP_ contains a discussion of the gelation of sterilized
concentrated milk products and considers that gelation is typically a problem
in UHT products. It also states that when milk is held at temperatures above
the boiling point, it eventually coagulates, the higher the temperature the
sooner. The component of milk that undergoes heat coagulation is a protein
called casein.

61 In his report, Mr Mergen noted that the ingredients of the plaintiff’s NDC
were water, vegetable oil, milk protein, stabilizers, emulsifiers, natural
milk flavour and beta carotene. A product test indicated that these
ingredients resulted in 26% - 28% fat content, 33% - 35% total solids and 2% -
3% milk protein. Mr Mergen assumed the milk protein here to be sodium
caseinate. He stated that it is common knowledge within the food industry
that, under various conditions, proteins will coagulate. In this case,
however, Mr Mergen concluded that the higher than usual fat content (usual fat
content being in the region of 3% - 18%) and use of fats that will turn solid
easily were considerable factors to explain the product gelation. Secondly, he
postulated that the formulation contained an inadequate proportion of
stabilisers and this could also have been a cause of gelation. Another
contributing factor was that in the UHT process here, insufficient time was
allowed for hydration of the casein or sodium caseinate. He concluded that
ingredients and formulation procedures and not the mechanical systems were to
blame for the defects in the product.

62 The plaintiff’s expert witness on this point was Professor Zhang Guonong
(“Prof Zhang”), an associate professor in the School of Food Science and
Technology at Jiangnan University, China. His evidence was that generally the
temperature/time combinations used for sterilisation of milk are: 85ºC/15
seconds, 120ºC/15 seconds and 137ºC/4 seconds. He had not previously come
across a milk sterilisation temperature/time combination of 140ºC/28 seconds.
He was of the opinion that it was because product in the UHT plant was kept at
140ºC for 28 seconds that the product gelled. He gave the following reasons
for his opinion:

(a) when a casein solution is heated to more than 140ºC, it starts to
coagulate or solidify; and

(b) the heat stability of whey protein is lower than that of casein and it may
be completely denatured if it is heated at a temperature exceeding 90ºC for a
long time and therefore heating at 140ºC for 28 seconds could be one reason
for coagulation.

The relevant paragraph of Prof Zhang’s report (see p 2) stated:

When the casein solution is being heated at 100ºC for 30 minutes, there would
not be any changes to its physical form. When the casein solution is being
heated at 120ºC for more than 30 minutes, there would be some form of
electrophoresis changes. The peaks of a- and ß-casein tend to be flat and
partial hydrolyzation and dephosphorylation occurs. When the casein solution
is being heated to more than 140ºC, it starts to coagulate or solidify. (The
Technology of modern Dairy and Dairy Products, Editor: Zeng Shouying, p 47-48,
China Agriculture Press, 2003)

63 The plaintiff pointed out that Mr Ho did not challenge Prof Zhang’s
evidence that casein would start to coagulate when heated to more than 140ºC
because he admitted that he did not have the relevant knowledge to do so.
Further, during cross-examination, Mr Mergen accepted this piece of Prof
Zhang’s evidence as being correct. He was not able to say definitely that the
casein would not coagulate if kept at a temperature of 140ºC for 28 seconds.
Mr Mergen suggested that casein being only one of the components of NDC, other
components may stop or slow the coagulation. On questioning he elaborated that
of these ingredients, water would not slow down the coagulation of milk solids
but the qualities of the frozen cream added would affect the coagulation. The
witness was not able to say, however, whether such frozen cream would
accelerate or decelerate the coagulation process. He maintained that
stabilisers were added to slow down or stop the coagulation of milk solids but
said that he did not know whether they would have this effect when the product
was heated to a 140ºC for 28 seconds. Thereafter, he confirmed that he was
unable to say whether, under these conditions, any of the other components of
the NDC would slow down or stop coagulation of the milk solids in the NDC.
During cross-examination, Mr Mergen did not accept that this was the main
reason why the NDC produced by the UHT plant coagulated. The furthest he was
willing to go was to say that it may be one of the reasons for that result but
he had no evidence to say that definitively that it was the only reason. He
was, however, willing to agree that at a temperature of 140ºC, casein would
coagulate and the higher the temperature rose above 100ºC, the sooner
coagulation would take place.

64 The text cited by Mr Mergen, _DCP_ , states emphatically at p 248 under
section 13.5 “When milk is held at temperatures above the boiling point it
eventually coagulates, the higher the temperature the sooner”. The following
extract from this text is also useful:

**13.5.1. Phenomena Involved**

It is the casein that undergoes heat coagulation. The cause is not heat
denaturation as suffered by globular proteins. Casein is not denaturable, ...
The casein micelles aggregate, and this is not merely a flocculation caused by
a lack of colloidal stability of the micelles at the prevailing temperature,
because the aggregates do not redisperse after cooling again. The composition
of the milk serum is changed considerably because of the heating ...

65 The defendant referred to an extract from the _Dairy Processing Handbook_
exhibited and relied on by Mr Allan Jensen, the plaintiff’s dairy engineering
expert, which stated that “the major protein in milk, casein, is not affected
by heat treatment” and other materials referred to by Mr Ho that stated that
casein was relatively unaffected by UHT treatment. These references were to
discredit Prof Zhang’s attribution of the gelation to “denaturation” of
casein. It seems probable that Prof Zhang was wrong in stating that gelation
occurred because the casein was denatured by the high temperature it was
exposed to but that does not mean that the process of gelation in the NDC did
not result from it being kept at 140ºC for an extended period. The _Dairy
Processing Handbook_ states that UHT treatment of proteins and milk causes
marginal changes only in their nutritional value. Nutritional value is
something separate from gelation.

66 The same text notes in a section entitled “Production of long life milk”
that when long life milk is produced by UHT treatment “the product [is] heated
at 135ºC - 150ºC for 4 \- 15 seconds followed by aseptic packaging”. That is
some indication that a holding time of longer than 15 seconds is not
recommended. This inference is also supported by the evidence of Mr Ho. Mr Ho
stated in his report that the recommended holding time for dairy products
using the UHT plant could range from around 8.56 to 17 seconds. He conceded
under cross-examination, however, that he did not know whether dairy creamer
would coagulate if held at 140ºC for 17 seconds because he had never come
across a UHT plant with this specification. His experience was that when dairy
creamer was sterilised at 140ºC, the holding time would be 10 seconds. He also
said that based on his experience the most common time/temperature combination
for non-dairy creamer would be a temperature range of between 137ºC and 142ºC
and a holding time range of between 4 and 20 seconds. Subsequently, when asked
whether he had experience of UHT treatment in the production of non-dairy
creamer, Mr Ho said that he had not. He further confirmed that he was not in a
position to make a recommendation of a holding time of 17 seconds for non-
dairy creamer. The defendant’s other expert, Mr Mergen, said that in relation
to dairy creamer he was not qualified to say what temperature and what holding
time would cause the defects complained of by the plaintiff. When asked
specifically whether he could tell the court, from his experience, if non-
dairy creamer would coagulate if heated to 140ºC and held at that temperature
for 28 seconds, his response was that he did not know because he had not had
the opportunity to run this process and also his research did not specifically
cover anything relating to coagulation of a non-dairy creamer.

67 The plaintiff submitted that the sum total of the defendant’s evidence was
that its experts were unable to tell with any degree of certainty what
acceptable holding times for the plaintiff’s dairy creamer and NDC would be.
The defendant on the other hand submitted that, on a balance, the plaintiff’s
experts could not show any significant degradation of the NDC if it was held
at 140ºC for 28 seconds.

68 The alternative explanation given by the defendant was that the gelation
was probably caused by the ingredients and/or mixing process used by the
plaintiff in preparing the NDC. It noted that the plaintiff’s formula used
substantially more fat than the formulae of other manufacturers and pointed to
evidence that the role of phosphates as stabilisers in food products was to
prevent coalescence of fat droplets and thus reduce the chances of gelation.
Both Mr Mergen and Mr Jensen had agreed that the amount of stabiliser used by
the plaintiff was on the low side of the recommended amount and the defendant
theorised that the effect of there being less phosphate in the mix may have
been aggravated due to the high fat content. As for the mixing process, Mr
Mergen’s inspection at the plaintiff’s premises revealed that the likwifier (a
machine for blending powders into liquids) used by the plaintiff was an
inferior model and there was also no de-aerator system. Mr Mergen’s opinion
was that this would almost certainly lead to improper homogenisation because
air would be incorporated into the NDC. The defendant therefore submitted that
both the product formula and the mixing process were not perfect and the
plaintiff’s questions to its witnesses had been based on the assumption that a
perfect formula perfectly mixed had been found to coagulate after being heated
to 140ºC for 28 seconds. The defendant submitted that the plaintiff had to
produce evidence that its product formula and mixing process were “perfect” as
alleged, and if it was unable to do so, an inference should be drawn that
these areas were unfavourable to the plaintiff.

69 It appears to me that the defendant’s objections about the imperfection of
the product and the process do not assist it. Mr Mergen conceded in court
that, on the assumption that the product was perfect, the most likely cause of
gelation was the holding time of 28 seconds at the temperature of 140ºC. If
even a perfect product would gel under those conditions, then the defendant
cannot be in a better position to dispute the cause of gelation on the basis
that the product was imperfect because of its ingredients or mixing process.
As regards the amount of stabiliser, whilst Mr Mergen suggested at one point
that there was insufficient stabiliser in the plaintiff’s products, he then
agreed that the amount of stabiliser was in the range of that required
although on the low side of the recommended amount. He also stated that his
calculation leading to the conclusion that the stabiliser was insufficient was
a rough calculation based on inadequate information. The defendant also took a
contradictory stand in its cross-examination of Mr Tay when it was put to the
latter that it was the addition of stabiliser to the product (rather than the
addition of an inadequate amount of stabiliser) that caused the gelation. Mr
Mergen was not emphatic in his suggestions regarding the inadequacy of
stabilisers and, overall, I find the defendant’s evidence inconclusive as to
whether the proportion of stabilisers in the NDC caused or contributed to the
gelation.

70 As noted above in [68], Mr Mergen gave various other possible reasons why
the NDC could have gelled. These related mainly to the formulation of the
product. Although I accept that such matters may theoretically contribute to
gelation, I think that the significance of these theories must fade in the
light of Mr Mergen’s admission that even if a perfect product would have
gelled if it had been subjected to the conditions that the plaintiff’s NDC was
subjected to.

71 In the final analysis, on a consideration of all the evidence, I find that
on a balance of probabilities, the holding time of 28 seconds at 140ºC was the
cause of the early gelling of the NDC (within nine weeks of production)
produced during the July trial run. I also find that if the plaintiff had used
dairy creamer or fresh milk, in all probability there would have been a
similar result since these products would have contained an equal amount of
milk protein if not more than the NDC did.

Is operation of the UHT plant unsafe?

72 After the defendant replaced Product Pump 2 with Product Pump 3, the
plaintiff installed a pressure gauge at the outlet of Product Pump 3. The
gauge recorded an operating pressure of 17 to 18 bars immediately after the
UHT plant was started and that this pressure thereafter increased to 22 bars.
The plaintiff noted that in the defence, the defendant had admitted that the
UHT plant had to be operated at a high operating pressure in order to achieve
the required flow rate of 500 litres per hour. It was Mr Ho’s evidence that
the operating pressure of the UHT plant had to be at least 18 bars to achieve
this rate.

73 The plaintiff submitted that the high operating pressure of the UHT plant
coupled with the high temperature of the liquid in it (55ºC before entering
the Tubular Heat Exchanger and 140ºC from that component to the Sterile
Cooler) created a real risk to persons within the vicinity of the plant. This
made the System unstable, hazardous, unsafe and/or unsuitable for normal
operations.

Product Pump 3

74 The plaintiff was concerned about the safe operation of Product Pump 3. It
noted that the operating pressure of this pump is about 22 bars. The plaintiff
referred to an instructions manual in respect of a type of pump known as
“Helicoidal Pump Kiber KS” which states that the maximum operating pressure of
this type of pump is 10 bars.

75 The defendant’s position was that Product Pump 3 was a one-off, custom made
pump. The defendant referred to an e-mail that apparently was from the
manufacturers of the pump (“Inoxpa”) recommending that it be run without any
pressure by-pass apparatus and stating that it was of a completely different
design from Product Pump 2. The defendant said that the manual that the
plaintiff referred to was a general manual for all of Inoxpa’s standard Kiber
KS/KST/KSF Helicoidal Pumps and did not apply to Product Pump 3 because Inoxpa
had assured the defendant that this pump could be run at 22 bars without a
pressure by-pass apparatus. The defendant also relied on a document from
Inoxpa stating that Product Pump 3 is a customised design especially made to
the order of the defendant and would be able to operate safely at a pressure
of 22 bars. The defendant argued that the plaintiff had not adduced any
evidence to show that Product Pump 3 had broken down or would break down. Mr
Tay had admitted that during the July trial run Product Pump 3 had not broken
down or leaked. He also admitted that he was speculating that the pump might
break down or leak if it was run for more than one and half months. While Mr
Zaw had maintained that Product Pump 3 had leaked and he had reported this
leak to his manager, neither Mr Tay nor the defendant seems to have been
notified of the leak so it could not have been a serious matter. Mr Jensen had
also admitted that he did not see Product Pump 3 break down and therefore,
probably, it could sustain 22 bars. He agreed he had not given the court any
evidence that the pump would break under that pressure. Mr Jensen maintained,
however, that the inner tubes of the pump had become deformed because of the
level of pressure.

76 The defendant also emphasised the evidence of Mr Mergen that Product Pump 3
is a progressive cavity pump and that the pressure rating of such pumps falls
within a standard fixed range. He affirmed that 22 bars would be within that
range. Mr Jensen had agreed that he had no knowledge pertaining to the design
and specifications of such pumps and that he did not do any comparison between
Product Pump 3 and such pumps.

77 In my opinion, the evidence regarding the capability of Product Pump 3 is
inconclusive. On the one hand, the catalogue for the standard Helicoidal pump
shows an operating pressure of 10 bars with a by-pass valve. On the other
hand, in the absence of any contradictory evidence, I accept the defendant’s
evidence that Product Pump 3 was custom-made because of the problems that
Product Pump 2 had encountered during the operation of the UHT plant. Thus,
the specifications in the catalogue most likely do not apply to Product Pump
3. However, I cannot place any weight on the e-mail from Inoxpa as to the
capability of Product Pump 3 since this was hearsay and no one from Inoxpa was
called to testify as to the actual capability of Product Pump 3. I am left
with the evidence of Mr Mergen on the capability of pumps of the type of
Product Pump 3 and the further evidence that during the July trial run when
Product Pump 3 was run every day for a month it did not break down and
functioned much better that Product Pump 2 had. The plaintiff has the onus of
showing that Product Pump 3 is unsafe and, in my judgment, it has not
discharged this onus. According to the evidence, since its installation,
Product Pump 3 has not broken down or leaked even though it was used
continuously during the July trial run. Product Pump 2, which was of a
different model (and probably not designed to withstand the same pressures as
Product Pump 3), in comparison broke down twice before the UHT plant was
commissioned and handed over, twice during the warranty period and one further
time after the warranty period had expired. It therefore gave signs of
inadequacy very early on. Such signs were not present when Product Pump 3 was
operated. In all the circumstances, I cannot infer that, on a balance of
probabilities, Product Pump 3 is unsafe.

Joints and valves

78 Three witnesses for the plaintiff testified that the joints of the UHT
plant in the vicinity of the Tubular Heat Exchanger leaked when the System
operated during the July trial run. Mr Jensen’s opinion was that such leakage
was an early warning sign that the weakest links in the pipe work (_ie_ the
joints) were unable to withstand the high operating pressure. He also
testified that the inner tubes of the Sterile Cooler had bent due to the high
pressure.

79 The defendant responded by doubting the veracity of this evidence. It
pointed out that Mr Tay had admitted that the plaintiff had no documentary
evidence of any leaks relating to the Tubular Heat Exchanger. This admission
contradicted the allegations of Mr Zaw and Mr Ji De Qiang (another of the
plaintiff’s employees) who both operated the UHT plant, that they had
submitted reports of the alleged leaks to their supervisor. I agree that the
omission of any written record of the leaks and the failure of the plaintiff
to make a contemporaneous complaint about the same to the defendant are
indications that either no leakage occurred or, if it did, the leaks were
minor matters easily attended to by the plaintiff’s operators.

The difficulties with the Tubular Heat Exchanger

80 The plaintiff’s position was that the operating pressures of between 18 and
22 bars within the UHT plant were very high. Mr Jensen testified that these
high operating pressures were due to resistance within the tubes of the
Tubular Heat Exchanger which had resulted from the following defects in that
component:

(a) small inner diameters of some of the tubes;

(b) the Tubular Heat Exchanger tubes having only one inner tube;

(c) improper welding of the Tubular Heat Exchanger tubes and clamp unions;

(d) non-alignment of the Tubular Heat Exchanger tubes; and/or

(e) gaskets of the wrong size being used. Some gaskets did not conform to the
shape of the inner tube openings whilst others were misaligned. This had the
effect of reducing the size of the inner tube openings.

The plaintiff contended that any fault, blockage or resistance within the
tubes rendered the UHT plant susceptible to damage, leaks and even explosions.

81 First, regarding the narrow inner tube and single tube design ((a) and (b)
in [80] above), the plaintiff cited Mr Ho’s evidence to the effect that the
“tube size is dependent on the manufacturer’s design and would have been
calculated in accordance with the requirements of the customer”. The plaintiff
alleged it was incumbent on the defendant to choose a proper tube size and
design for the plaintiff. According to Mr Jensen, using inner tubes with an
internal diameter of 10mm, as in this case, would be unacceptable where there
are many bends in the tubes and impediments to flow. Further, Mr Ho had
testified that in the context of the present case, a multi-tube design would
have been better than a single tube design.

82 In response, the defendant stressed evidence from Mr Ho and Mr Mergen that
using inner tubes of a larger size in a UHT plant with a capacity of 500
litres per hour would create problems. According to Mr Mergen, the machine was
designed with a 10mm tube because the flow rate was 500 litres per hour. He
testified that if the diameter of the inner tube was increased from 10mm to
23mm, then he would not be able to guarantee its performance. He said that it
was necessary, as the product was flowing through the tube, that the velocity
of the product matched the tube size so that the heat exchange would be
continuous and correct. If the tube was too large for the velocity, there
would be gaps in the product and it would roll around and hit hot surfaces
“and ultimately burn on will occur at these high temperatures”. That was why
the engineers had managed the tube size based on the flow rate and velocity.

83 As far as the multi-tube design was concerned (see [81] above), the
defendant stressed that the manufacturer, Feldmeier, could have supplied a
Tubular Heat Exchanger with a multi-tube design but this would have cost the
plaintiff significantly more.

84 Turning to the next “defect”, the plaintiff stated that the inner tubes of
the UHT plant had to be properly aligned so as not to reduce the size of the
openings (see (d) in [80] above). The smaller the opening, the greater would
be the flow resistance. In this case, Mr Jensen had testified that he had
observed one side of a U-tube to have an opening that was larger than the
other side. The plaintiff referred to photographs of the U-tube to illustrate
the evidence and observed that even though a clamp may be used to force the
openings of the U-tube to align with the connecting pipes, the inner tubes
will never be completely aligned. Mr Jensen’s opinion was that the inner tubes
would be constricted due to the slight misalignment resulting in greater flow
resistance, causing higher pressure inside the tubes as the product flows
through the tubes.

85 Mr Ho and Mr Mergen did not consider misalignment to be such a serious
problem. They asserted that it was normal for the tubes to warp slightly over
time due to heat expansion. They also said that proper alignment could be
achieved by attaching the clamp unions. Further, the defendant emphasised, Mr
Jensen had conceded that he had assumed that the components of the UHT plant
were rated to handle a pressure of no more than 9 bars. He admitted that there
was no evidence to show that any of the inner tubes or components of the UHT
plant would break at a pressure of 22 bars though he emphasised that they had
been deformed by that pressure. Mr Ho and Mr Mergen’s evidence was that the
pressure rating for standard half inch (10mm) tubes and clamp unions used in
the manufacture of tubular heat exchangers are rated well above the alleged
operating pressure of 22 bars which the System experienced.

86 The plaintiff did not accept the suggested cure for warping. It pointed out
that clamp unions would distort the gaskets and this was one of the reasons
cited by Mr Jensen for the deformed gaskets seen in the plant. In any event,
the defendant had to supply a UHT plant of reasonable durability and it was
not fulfilling that obligation by supplying a plant with components that
warped easily during normal operations.

87 The plaintiff also criticised the gaskets. It alleged that gaskets with
openings that were too small were used, the shapes of some gaskets failed to
conform to the inner openings of the Tubular Heat Exchanger tubes and some
gaskets were not aligned with the openings of those tubes (see (e) in [80]
above). The plaintiff submitted that the gaskets were distorted because pipes
with openings of different sizes were forced together with the use of clamps.

88 Mr Jensen had supported his evidence on the deformed gaskets by referring
to a number of photographs. These photographs were taken between October 2008
and December 2008. The defendant emphasised that that was nearly three years
after the plant had been delivered to the plaintiff and after it was subject
to wear and tear, particularly after the July trial run. Further, the
plaintiff had purchased its own gaskets for use as spare parts from various
suppliers including the defendant. Mr Tay had admitted that the defendant
would not have known what gaskets the plaintiff had bought and whether they
were suitable. He also admitted that the defendant would have no control over
how the gaskets were inserted and whether this had been done properly. Mr
Jensen agreed that if gaskets of wrong size were used, it could result in
deformation and deterioration of the type seen by him. He also agreed that he
had assumed that the deformed gaskets shown in the photographs were gaskets
that had been installed in the UHT plant at the time when it was supplied. The
defendant stressed Mr Mergen’s evidence that during his inspection of the UHT
plant, he had observed that one section of inner tube had two different types
of gasket. The defendant said this showed that the plaintiff had replaced the
gaskets initially supplied by the defendant with different ones and the
plaintiff had not shown that there were problems with the original gaskets
other than ordinary wear and tear.

89 Turning to the allegation of improper welding (see (c) in [80] above), Mr
Jensen had stated the following in his First Report at p 16:

Looking at the outside weldings of the pipes and the clamp unions, improper
weldings are a possibility, especially with the inner 10 mm tubes. Any minor
deviation on the weldings will decrease the opening and thus increase the
pressure dramatically.

Mr Jensen arranged for the inner tubes to be x-rayed and the plaintiff
submitted that the results of this x-ray showed that many of the tubes had
failed the acceptance test due to concavity which must have resulted from
improper welding. It should be noted that the actual test report shows that
x-rays of 17 locations on the UHT tubes were taken and out of these 17
locations, four were found to be concave whilst three others were rejected for
different reasons. Also, Mr Jensen admitted during cross-examination that the
radiographic test report did not show whether the internal diameter of the
inner tubes had been decreased and if so by how much. The defendant submitted
that it was unclear from that report whether the welds referred to were on the
inner or outer tube and argued that the report was of no assistance. It
preferred that I rely on the evidence of its witnesses which was to the effect
that minor imperfections in welding would not create as serious a problem as
alleged by Mr Jensen. Mr Ho considered that it was common to have minor
imperfections in welding. His view was that the high resistance was due to the
fact that the length of the Tubular Heat Exchanger was reduced and that it was
of a single tube design. He did not ascribe any responsibility to welding
imperfections.

Conclusion on allegations of unsafe operation

90 The plaintiff has not been able, in my view, to establish that the
operating pressure experienced in the UHT plant has had a serious deleterious
effect on the operation and components of the System. All machinery has to be
properly operated and kept in good working condition. Some machinery may
require more effort in this regard than other equipment but that in itself
does not make the equipment unfit for its purpose. The plaintiff has the
obligation to maintain the System and must ensure that it takes proper steps
in this regard such as by replacing worn out items with the correct parts. The
plaintiff has not shown any break down or impairment in the function of the
Tubular Heat Exchanger which can be ascribed to the operating pressure
experienced by the System. Further, there is no reason for me to give more
weight to the views of Mr Jensen than to the views of Mr Ho and Mr Mergen in
relation to the operation of the machinery. Accordingly, on a balance of
probabilities, it has not been established that the pressure conditions
experienced rendered the System liable to leaks, damage and explosions.

Whether the CIP system in the UHT plant is ineffective

91 The CIP (cleaning in place) system is an essential component of the UHT
plant. This is because deposits start to form when milk is heated above 60ºC
and such deposits stick tightly to the inner surfaces of the tubes. The
purpose of the CIP system is to remove such deposits so that they do not
contaminate the liquid flowing through the tubes. Apart from affecting the
quality of the product, such sedimentation will reduce the size of the inner
tubes and this will lead to an increase in the operating pressure of the UHT
plant. Thus, after each production run, it is essential that the tubes of the
UHT plant be cleaned and disinfected.

92 The plaintiff’s case is that it first realised that the CIP system was not
effective during the July trial run. Before then production had been carried
out on a sporadic basis only. During the July trial run production was carried
out on a daily basis five times a week and Mr Tay, Mr Ji and Mr Zaw noticed
white spots in the feed tank when the UHT plant was flushed with water before
the start of production each day. These white spots were solidified remnants
of non-dairy creamer which had remained in the inner tubes despite CIP having
been carried out after production had ended the previous day. The plaintiff
submitted that the ineffective CIP was due to:

(a)

varying sizes of the pipes in the UHT plant; and/or

(b)

a low CIP flow rate of 410 litres per hour.

93 The defendant cast doubt on the existence of the white spots. It noted that
the plaintiff’s witnesses had admitted that there were no photographs of such
white spots, nor were the same recorded in writing anywhere, not even in the
plaintiff’s production records, or communicated to the defendant. The white
spots were not collected and sent for testing to determine what exactly they
were. Further, there was no mention of the white spots in Schedule B, the
plaintiff’s master list of complaints.

94 The plaintiff’s contention was that in any case the CIP flow rate was
inadequate to effect a proper cleaning of the pipe system. In this regard, it
relied on Mr Jensen’s evidence that during CIP cleaning the velocity in the
pipe should be higher than the product velocity. Mr Jensen noted that in this
case the stainless steel tube immediately connected to the product feed pump
started with an internal diameter of three inches. It was gradually reduced in
stages down to a diameter of 10mm and then increased again up to an internal
diameter of 23mm in the Holding Tube. After the Holding Tube, the internal
diameter of the pipe is 10mm followed by an increase to 23mm for the pipe
connected to the aseptic tank. As stated in Mr Jensen’s First Report at p 25,
to clean the various pipe sizes properly, the following CIP volumes would be
required:

(a) 3 inch pipe : 20,000 – 25,000 l/hr

(b) 2 inch pipe : 10,000 – 12,000 l/hr

(c) 1½ inch pipe : 6,000 – 8,000 l/hr

(d) 1 inch pipe : 2,000 – 3,000 l/hr

(e) ½ inch pipe : 800 – 1,000 l/hr

Mr Jensen noted that a multistage centrifugal pump had been installed for CIP
cleaning of the UHT plant. This pump runs in an alternating programme with the
product feed pump during the CIP circle. He noted that the measured pressure
with the CIP pump activated was between 15 and 16 bars and had a CIP flow
return rate of 410 litres per hour back to the balance tank. As the smallest
pipe size in the UHT plant (in this case 10mm) will be the limiting factor for
the liquid flowing through all the other pipe sizes, Mr Jensen thought it was
obvious that, with a volume of 410 litres per hour, proper cleaning of the
pipe system could not take place. He also opined that while the flow rate in
the 10mm pipe would be at the border level, the flow rate in all the other
pipe sizes is a far cry from acceptable levels. To use five different pipe
sizes within the same pipe system disregards all standards for proper
engineering.

95 The plaintiff noted that the defendant had claimed that its Commissioning
Reports showed that the CIP pump generated a flow rate of 700 to 750 litres
per hour during the commissioning trial held in August 2006\. The plaintiff
said that was irrelevant because the defendant was unable to show that in July
2007 the CIP pump could still generate a sufficient flow rate. As regards Mr
Ho’s evidence that the CIP pump had generated a flow rate of 700 litres per
hour when he tested the UHT plant in December 2008, cross-examination had
shown that Mr Ho did not know whether the CIP pump or the product pump had
been used during the test. Mr Jensen, however, had testified that when he
tested the UHT plant in February 2009, the CIP flow rate was 410 litres per
hour. In any event, Mr Ho had admitted that even a flow rate of 700 litres per
hour was inadequate.

96 The defendant submitted that the specifications of the CIP pump clearly
showed that it can achieve a flow rate of 5,800 litres per hour and it had
been demonstrated in August 2006 that the pump was capable of delivering a
flow rate of 410 litres per hours, the entries there showing rates between 710
and 720 litres per hour. The defendant also submitted that the flow rate of
410 litres per hour relied on by Mr Jensen had been recorded off the control
panel of the UHT plant. That flow rate was the flow rate of the homogeniser
that was affixed with a variable speed controller that can be adjusted to
achieve the required flow rate.

97 Whilst the defendant was able to show that in August 2006 the CIP pump had
delivered a flow greater than 410 litres per hour, it did not put forward any
evidence which indicated that the pump could produce a flow of 800 litres per
hour. Mr Jensen’s evidence, which was not challenged by the defence, was that
for a 10mm pipe, a flow rate of at least 800 litres per hour was required to
clean the same. The defence did not challenge the other evidence of greater
flow rates required for bigger pipes.

98 Although there was no documentary evidence of the existence of the white
spots which the plaintiff’s witnesses had observed in July 2008, I am inclined
to accept the oral evidence on this point. It is consistent with the fact that
the flow rate through the CIP pump even when Mr Ho tested it in February 2009
was below the level required to clean a 10mm pipe. Accordingly, I find that
the plaintiff has established that the CIP system was inadequate. I note that
the microbiological tests carried out on the products produced during the July
trial run did not show any evidence of spoilage but the System was only
operated for a month and the chances of spoilage would increase with longer
operation.

Alleged problems with temperature of the liquid entering the aseptic tank

99 The next problem complained of by the plaintiff relates to the temperature
of the product after it has undergone UHT treatment in the Tubular Heat
Exchanger. After leaving the Tubular Heat Exchanger, the product flows through
the Sterile Cooler for cooling prior to being discharged into the aseptic
tank. From the aseptic tank it is routed to the AFFS machine for packing into
portion cups. According to the contract, the temperature of the product as it
leaves the Sterile Cooler (referred to by the parties as “the dosing
temperature”) should be between 30ºC to 35ºC.

100 The plaintiff complained that this specification was not met and that in
fact the dosing temperature during the July trial run was found to range
between 55ºC and 60ºC, _ie_ some 20ºC to 30ºC higher than it should have been.
The defendant disputed this and adduced the three Commissioning Reports
produced in August 2006 to show that as of that date, the NDC was successfully
cooled to the required dosing temperature. These reports indicated that the
UHT plant was operated by Mr Ji and that the readings were verified by both
parties. The reports for 1 August 2006 and 3 August 2006 showed that the
temperature of the NDC as it entered the Sterile Cooler was about 52ºC whilst
the temperature of the products in the aseptic tank was 32ºC on 1 August and
32.7ºC on 3 August. The defendant also asked me to draw an adverse inference
from the fact that only three production records for July 2007 were produced
when the plaintiff, having carried out continuous production that month,
should have had many more records. I am not inclined to draw any such adverse
inference. If the defendant was not satisfied with what was disclosed by the
three production records produced, it could have compelled discovery of all
the July 2007 production records.

101 Whilst in August 2006, the dosing temperatures fell within the correct
range, by July 2007 the position had changed. The excessive temperatures were
recorded on three different days in July (_viz_ 4 July, 5 July and 13 July
2007). I accept the accuracy of the plaintiff’s records as establishing that
the Sterile Cooler failed to reduce the dosing temperature to the levels
required by the contract. It is worth noting that Mr Ho recorded a product
temperature of 60ºC at the outlet of the Sterile Cooler in December 2008.

102 The next point to consider is why the Sterile Cooler did not function as
required. The Sterile Cooler is made up of inner tubes with an internal
diameter of 10mm which are located within one inch pipes filled with water.
The water comes from a cooling tower and is pumped through the pipes in order
to cool the product. As the product flows through the inner tubes some of its
heat would be transferred to the water. The plaintiff’s case is that the
ineffectiveness of the Sterile Cooler is due to the small heat transfer area
of the inner tubes whereas the defendant says that it is due to the plaintiff
having provided an inadequate supply of cooling water.

103 I deal first with the supply of cooling water. Under the contract, it was
the plaintiff’s obligation to supply cooling water for the UHT plant at the
rate of 3,500 litres per hour and at a temperature of 28ºC. Mr Tay testified
that the plaintiff had installed a cooling tower with a capacity that was
higher than 3,500 litres per hour in order to cater to the needs of the UHT
plant as well as to other needs of the plaintiff. In fact the plaintiff had
two cooling towers and each cooling tower had the capacity to supply up to 150
cubic metres (_ie_ 150,000 litres) of cooling water per hour.

104 Mr Ho in his report stated that during his testing of the UHT plant, he
recorded the flow rate of the cooling water supply and found it to be around
1,940 litres per hour which was considerably less than the required flow rate
of 3,500 litres per hour. He highlighted that the cooling water supply travels
to two coolers, the Sterile Cooler and the Divert Cooler. He found that when
the valves to the Divert Cooler were closed, the flow rate to the Sterile
Cooler was only 1,570 litres per hour. He also observed the cooling tower
being used to service machinery other than the UHT plant and commented that
the flow rate to the UHT plant would fluctuate depending on how many machines
were in use at the same time.

105 Mr Jensen’s evidence was somewhat different. In his first report dated 20
April 2009, he stated that during product cooling, the rate of the cooling
tower water flow was measured to be approximately 2,000 litres per hour. Due
to the narrow internal diameters of the pipes, the tube transfer surface area
is only 0.22m², which is insufficient to transfer the heat down to the
required level and even if the volume of the cooling tower was increased by
two or five fold (which was not possible in a one-inch pipe), the increase in
volume would not be able to rectify the cooling problem. This was accepted by
Mr Mergen who agreed in cross-examination that if the System was wrongly
designed, then the amount of water used would not matter. In his supplementary
report, Mr Jensen said that he had conducted a study of the cooling tower
facilities and that these did have the capacity to supply the cooling water
requirement of “3500L/HR at 1.2BAR at 28ºC (max period)” specified in page 16
of the November quotation even when only one cooling tower was in operation.
He then concluded as follows at p 5 of his Supplementary Report:

Insufficient cooling is either due to insufficient circulation of cooling
water from the cooling tower or because the surface area for cooling is
insufficient. As the cooling water from the cooling tower is sufficient, the
cooling surface area is too small, meaning not enough tubes or because some of
the tubes has [_sic_] collapsed as can be seen from the X-rays.

106 The defendant’s attempt to ascribe all the responsibility for the
inadequate cooling to an inadequate supply of cooling water is a rather
belated one. When the plaintiff complained in September 2007 of the excessive
temperatures in the Sterile Cooler, the defendant replied on 14 September 2007
advising that cooling water should be supplied to the Sterile Cooler at the
rate of 5,000 litres per hour. Subsequently, in an e-mail dated 2 November
2007, the defendant changed its advice and stated that 15 RTons (approximately
9,100 litres per hour at 28ºC) of cooling water were required mainly for the
Sterile Cooler and the Divert Cooler.

107 Turning to the plaintiff’s position, its contention was that the
inadequate heat transfer area was a result of the narrow internal diameter of
the inner tubes and this was exacerbated by the bent inner tubes in the pipes
which greatly reduced the space for the flow of the cooling water. The
defendant’s response was that this contention could not stand as a matter of
logic. The theory that insufficient surface area for heat transfer was the
cause of the inadequate cooling was flawed. The UHT plant was delivered with a
sterile cooler whose inner tubes had a certain surface area. This surface area
remained constant throughout and could not have changed between 2006 and 2008
since no modification was effected to the same. If insufficient surface area
was indeed the cause, one would have expected the dosing temperature to have
been constantly above the required dosing temperature range and more or less
about the same temperature each time. Instead the evidence showed a
significant fluctuation in the dosing temperature from time to time. Under
cross-examination Mr Jensen had conceded that this was probably correct and
that he had only considered the issue from his perspective which was that the
total heat transfer area of the inner tubes would be reduced if they are bent.
As Mr Mergen had explained, however, even bending the inner tubes would not
reduce the surface area, instead it would remain the same and therefore the
heat exchange would remain the same whether the inner tubes were bent or not.

108 Having considered the evidence, I think it was established that the
plaintiff’s cooling water facility was able to deliver cooling water at the
rate of at least 3,500 litres per hour. The capacity of both cooling water
towers was much greater than this. Mr Jensen carried out a detailed study of
the facility and he found that the required cooling water flow rate could be
met. During cross-examination Mr Jensen maintained that there was one cooling
tower purely dedicated to the UHT plant and the chiller that formed part of
the UHT plant. The other cooling tower was used to supplement the dedicated
tower and also for other machines. Mr Jensen asserted that even if there were
different machines placing a load on the cooling towers at different times,
this would not cause fluctuation of the flow rate of the cooling water to the
dedicated chiller for the UHT plant. He ran various tests to try to figure out
whether there was enough cooling water for the UHT plant and for other
purposes. He was satisfied from these tests that that was indeed the case. His
tests showed that when the UHT plant was on, the flow rate from two cooling
towers was 4,462.81 litres per hour and 2,780 litres per hour from one cooling
tower. His tests also showed that when the UHT plant was not on, the flow rate
from one cooling tower alone was more than 3,500 litres per hour. It was only
when the pipes were connected to the System that the flow rate dropped and Mr
Jensen opined that this was because the internal diameter of the pipe from the
cooling tower was 1.25 inches whereas the internal diameter of the pipe in the
UHT plant which the cooling water entered was only one inch.

109 Having considered the evidence as a whole, I have come to the conclusion
that the high dosing temperatures experienced in July 2007 were more likely
due to problems in the design of the tubes of the Sterile Cooler than to an
inadequate supply of cooling water by the plaintiff. I accept the evidence
that the plaintiff’s water cooling facility was more than adequate to meet the
needs of the UHT plant. However, how the cooling load was distributed within
the UHT plant was determined by the design of the UHT plant. The rate at which
the cooling water travelled probably slowed down once it entered the System
due to the smaller internal dimensions of the pipes in the System. As the
plaintiff submitted, whether or not the UHT plant was able to receive a
particular flow rate of cooling tower water was not within the plaintiff’s
control. Accordingly, I find that the inadequate cooling experienced in July
2007 was not the fault of the plaintiff.

110 Further, the defendant’s reaction to the plaintiff’s complaint was
telling: the defendant recommended an increased flow rate. An increased flow
rate would only be needed if there was a possibility of the area of the heat
transfer surface being inadequate. Although it is correct that the surface
area of the inner tubes of the Sterile Cooler could not have changed after the
UHT plant was delivered, I do not think that the fact that the two dosing
temperatures noted in August 2006 were in the required range, was a positive
indicator that the area of the heat transfer surface was adequate. They did
not indicate, either, how the dimension of the pipes affected the cooling
water flowing into the System. In any case, these two temperatures were not
accepted by the plaintiff as being typical. There was also evidence in the
form of e-mails from the plaintiff that in July 2006, the temperature of the
product in the aseptic tank (_ie_ after cooling) was around 40ºC to 45ºC and
that on 16 August 2006, that temperature was around 55ºC. So even at the
beginning, problems with the dosing temperature were noted.

111 Accordingly, I find the defendant in breach of contract for failing to
supply a sterile cooler that could cool the product to the required dosing
temperature.

Would the high dosing temperatures have an adverse effect?

112 The plaintiff contended that high dosing temperature would impede the
effective operation of the AFFS machine. The function of the AFFS machine is
to fill empty portion cups with the product coming from the aseptic tank and
to seal the top of those cups with aluminium foil. The plaintiff contended
that if the temperature of the product leaving the Sterile Cooler is far
higher than the dosing temperature, it would impair the sealing function of
the AFFS machine and would result in the portion cups being improperly sealed.

113 During the July trial run, the plaintiff observed that there was a
difference in the performance of the AFFS machine depending on whether the
temperature of the product during filling was 33ºC or 41ºC. At the higher
temperature, the AFFS machine was unable to seal all the portion cups properly
and leaks from improperly sealed portion cups resulted in entire cartons of
the product being unfit for sale. The plaintiff pointed out that a dosing
temperature that was lower than the range specified in the November quotation
had in fact been recommended by the manufacturer of the AFFS machine (“TMCI”).
An e-mail from TMCI on 8 August 2007 stated:

For product pastorized and sterilized the best temperature is between 12-20ºC
but also 25 or 30ºC is not bad lowest is better!

114 The plaintiff submitted that the excessively high dosing temperature
caused the portion cups to be filled with a lot of foam from the filler of the
AFFS machine and this foam prevented the aluminium foil seals from sealing the
portion cups properly. The foaming problem was noted as early as mid December
2006 by TMCI who had discussed the problem with the plaintiff and recommended
that the temperature of the product be kept between 10ºC and 20ºC.

115 In order to remedy the high dosing temperatures found during the July
trial run, the plaintiff allowed a certain quantity of treated product to
accumulate within the aseptic tank and left it to cool there. During this
time, no additional product was treated and the product in the aseptic tank
was channelled into the AFFS machine only when it reached the correct dosing
temperature of between 30ºC and 35ºC. The plaintiff observed that the AFFS
machine performed better when filling was done at the lower temperatures. The
adoption of this method meant, however, that production had to stop
temporarily and packing of the product could only take place when it had
cooled off sufficiently within the aseptic tank. The plaintiff considered this
to be inefficient and definitely not what the plaintiff and the defendant had
intended since it meant that the contracted production rate of 18,000 cups per
hour could not be achieved.

116 The defendant responded that the allegation that some of the portion cups
had leaked in July 2007 because of the high dosing temperatures had not been
properly proved. The plaintiff had not produced any photographs of the alleged
leaks. The plaintiff’s employee, Zhang Zi Long, who was the operator of the
AFFS machine, had admitted that the plaintiff had no records of the alleged
leaks. Further, the plaintiff had not complained in writing to the defendant
about these leaks. Mr Tay had confirmed during cross-examination that no
written complaints had been sent out. The plaintiff failed to provide any
technical reports showing the frequency with which leaks occurred or the
percentage of portion cups that allegedly had leaked even when TMCI
specifically asked for such reports. Mr Tay had admitted that during the July
trial run, the plaintiff’s employees would have been taking new boxes of NDC
to the warehouse for storage everyday and would have been able to smell any
NDC that had leaked or gone bad due to exposure. Despite this, the plaintiff
continued uninterrupted production five days a week for at least one month.
The defendant submitted that if the leaks were as serious as the plaintiff
alleged, the plaintiff would have stopped production immediately and brought
the matter up with the defendant which it had not done.

117 The documents show that for some time prior to July 2007, the plaintiff
had complained both to the defendant and to TMCI about the leakage problem
encountered when the portion cups were being filled. An e-mail dated 24 May
2007 stated that the frequency of this problem varied. The range was between
once every 15 to 20 sets of portion cups (one set contained 12 cups) to once
every four to six sets. At such a rate, there would be one or two cups in a
carton leaking and that would cause the whole carton to be ruined. In this
e-mail Mr Tay wrote that most of the cups that were produced from the test
runs and which leaked had been thrown away and the plaintiff had not computed
the exact percentage of leaking cups. He said that if he had full technical
reports for all the runs, the documentation would be very thick. Although the
plaintiff made frequent complaints about this problem, for some reason, it
never gathered the technical data that TMCI and the defendant asked for. I am,
however, satisfied from Mr Tay’s evidence and from the written record that
this problem was serious enough to be of concern to the plaintiff and to cause
it to change the production method during the July trial run by allowing the
product to cool in the aseptic tank to the required dosing temperate before
putting it through the AFFS machine. There was no other reason proferred why
the plaintiff would interrupt the production process and slow the rate of
production in this way. I therefore find that the high dosing temperature had
an adverse effect on the sealing of the portion cups and that in order to
avert this effect, the plaintiff had to slow down production and
consequentially, the contractual rate of 18,000 cups per hour could not be
achieved.

Other complaints about the AFFS machine

118 The plaintiff complained that the foil covering the portion cups was
sometimes misaligned. This was despite the existence of a photocell sensor in
the AFFS machine that was supposed to automatically adjust the foil so as to
ensure proper alignment with the opening of the portion cup. The amount of
product pumped by the AFFS machine into the portion cups was also not uniform.
Empty portion cups would come in trays of 12 for filling by the AFFS machine.
The product would be pumped from nozzles into the empty portion cups. However,
as the nozzle dripped in between pumps, drops of the product would fall onto
the edges of the portion cups and, in some instances, overflow onto the tray.
The sealing function of the AFFS machine was impaired by the droplets and the
overflow. These problems were recorded by the plaintiff from the time the AFFS
machine was installed in its factory in November 2005 until the end of 2007.

119 The defendant submitted that the plaintiff had no basis to complain about
the AFFS machine because it had accepted that the machine was in proper
working order. On 26 January 2006, there was a meeting between the
representatives of the plaintiff, the defendant and TMCI. During the meeting,
Charles Li pointed out four areas in which the AFFS machine was
unsatisfactory. During cross-examination, Mr Tay was shown a copy of the
minutes of the meeting and he agreed that all four of the outstanding issues
which had been mentioned by Charles Li in January 2006 were looked into during
a further test that took place in June 2006. Immediately after that test, the
plaintiff issued a letter dated 8 June 2006 to TMCI. The first paragraph of
this letter states:

We can accept the performance of the machine. However, there might be other
unforeseen problems that may arise in future.

Mr Tay was asked whether he agreed that the mention of “unforeseen problems
which may arise in the future” meant that all the foreseen problems at that
point in time would already have been resolved. Mr Tay’s answer was a rather
cagey “Most of the problems have been resolved, Your Honour”.

120 The defendant also pointed out that a further test was conducted from 25
June 2007 to 4 July 2007 at the end of which the plaintiff signed a form
confirming that the AFFS machine had been “tested satisfactorily” albeit
subject to “the outstanding issues” referred to in an appendix. Under cross-
examination, Charles Li admitted that these “outstanding issues” actually
related to the provision of spare seals and the signing of the contract with
TMCI and not to any defects in the AFFS machine. Mr Tay agreed in court that
after the further tests were carried out on the AFFS machine in June and July
2007, the plaintiff had agreed that the machine was working well. It was also
pointed out by the defendant that in November 2007, the plaintiff had
indicated to the defendant that it had started the processing of the final
five percent payment due in respect of the AFFS machine. This amounted to some
Euro 31,639.15.

121 Having considered the evidence, it appears to me that apart from the
foaming problem which was the result of the high temperature of the product
when it left Sterile Cooler, there were no serious problems experienced with
the operation of the AFFS machine in July 2007. By that time, the defendant
and TMCI had, between them, managed to iron out with the plaintiff’s technical
personnel the various problems that had previously been encountered with the
operation of the AFFS machine. The fact that the plaintiff told the defendant
that it was starting to process the payment of the outstanding five percent of
the machine’s price (in the event payment was not made) was an indication that
the plaintiff had no further basis on which to withhold this sum. Whilst there
may have been some complaints about the machine in July and thereafter, these
cannot have been serious matters but were more likely to have been day-to-day
operational issues that could be dealt with accordingly. It was also telling
that at the beginning of the trial, the plaintiff was prepared to retain the
AFFS machine for use in a new UHT system whilst it insisted that the present
UHT plant itself had to be totally scrapped.

Other problems complained of by the plaintiff

122 The plaintiff raised several other matters which it considered to be
problems affecting the product. The first of these was the allegation that the
product deteriorated due to excessively high velocity when it was travelling
through the inner tubes inside the pipes of the UHT plant. Mr Jensen’s
testimony was that the velocity of milk-based products within the inner tubes
should not exceed 1.8m/s. The plaintiff calculated that the velocity of the
product within an inner tube which had an internal diameter of 10mm would be
1.77m/s if the inner tube did not have bends or obstacles like gaskets. If
such circumstances existed, velocity would increase. In his calculations, Mr
Jensen applied an internal diameter of 8mm to account for bends in the pipes
and other factors which would add to flow resistance and came up with a
velocity of 2.76m/s which would exceed the acceptable velocity.

123 There was, however, no proof that the velocity of the milk through the
inner tubes actually exceeded the recommended velocity and if so, by how much.
Mr Jensen’s calculations were theoretical. Further, there was no evidence that
the product was spoilt by reason of an excessively high velocity. The only
damage to the product which the plaintiff proved was the early gelation and
the plaintiff itself never linked early gelation with high velocity.

124 The other alleged problem was that deformity and the deterioration of the
gaskets had resulted in contamination of the liquid. The plaintiff noticed
that the gaskets deteriorated very quickly even though the System was only in
operation sporadically except in July 2007. There was therefore a possibility
that bits of rubber material from the flaking gaskets might contaminate the
product. However, there was no evidence that bits of rubber material had
actually contaminated the product. This was speculation on the plaintiff’s
part. Additionally, the plaintiff’s photographs of damaged gaskets were taken
between October and December 2008, nearly three years after the UHT plant had
been delivered to the plaintiff. The gaskets would have been subject to wear
and tear and in any case there is no evidence that the gaskets photographed
were supplied by the defendant. The plaintiff had purchased its own gaskets
for use as spare parts and the defendant had no control over how the gaskets
were inserted and whether this was done properly. Accordingly, I do not find
any substance in this complaint.

Summary of findings

125 I have found that the UHT plant is defective in that:

(a) it holds the product at a temperature of 140ºC for 28 seconds and this
causes an acceleration of the process of gelation so that the product does not
have a shelf-life of six months as required under the contract;

(b) the CIP system is inadequate; and

(c) the Sterile Cooler does not work effectively to reduce the temperature of
the product to the contractually specified dosing temperature and therefore
efficient sealing of the portion cups is inhibited.

126 The defects that I have found mean that the UHT plant does not
consistently produce finished products of satisfactory quality at the rate
stated in the contract. It cannot produce 18,000 portion cups per hour and it
cannot produce products that consistently have the shelf-life of six months
which is necessary for the plaintiff’s commercial purposes. There is also a
danger of spoilage caused by the inadequate CIP system. I am satisfied that
the defendant was in breach of both express and implied terms of the contract
as a result of these defects and that the UHT plant was not of satisfactory
quality.

127 As regards the AFFS machine, I have found that the plaintiff has not
proved its case. It has not been established that the machine is defective.

Remedies

128 The plaintiff contended that it was entitled to rescind the contract
because the defendant had:

(a) failed to provide substantially the whole of the benefit that the
plaintiff expected to get from the contract; and/or

(b) breached the conditions implied by SOGA.

The plaintiff therefore claimed that it was entitled to a refund of all
amounts paid for the UHT plant and AFFS machine.

129 In addition, the plaintiff claimed damages as follows:

(a) loss of profit amounting to US$1,159,526;

(b) wasted costs amounting to $823,649.26, Euros 168,827.95 and US$51,323; and

(c) the difference in price between the cost of the existing UHT plant and
AFFS machine and the cost of replacements.

Rejection and refund

130 As regards the rejection of the machines, I do not think that the
plaintiff is entitled to reject both machines. Initially, the plaintiff was
willing to keep the AFFS machine and wanted only to replace the UHT plant. It
was only in the course of proceedings that the plaintiff changed its mind. In
any case, I have found that there are no defects in the AFFS machine and that
there was no overarching contract such that the plaintiff would be entitled to
reject all machinery supplied because one independent machine did not function
properly. The AFFS machine, in my judgment, met the contractual specifications
and, since it is a separate machine which has been accepted by the plaintiff
and can be run in conjunction with any new UHT machine acquired by the
plaintiff, I hold that the plaintiff is not entitled to reject it. The
plaintiff must therefore pay the full price for this machine and the unpaid
balance due to the defendant should be set off against any damages which the
defendant is liable to pay the plaintiff.

131 The defendant argued that it was unreasonable for the plaintiff to reject
the whole UHT plant when the crux of its complaint relates to the length of
the holding tube. Mr Mergen’s opinion was that the holding tube could be
replaced easily and the plaintiff had not challenged that. The defendant
therefore submitted that the plaintiff would only be entitled to the cost of
replacing the holding tube. I do not accept this argument. It is clear from my
findings that it was not only the holding tube itself that was defective but
also the connecting tubes leading to and from it. There were also problems
with the Sterile Cooler and the CIP system. Thus, remedying the defects is not
as simple as the defendant has suggested.

132 The defendant did not argue that the plaintiff had lost its right to
reject the UHT plant in the event that the defects could not be cured by the
replacement of the holding tube. _McGregor on Damages_ (Sweet & Maxwell, 18th
Ed, 2009) para 20-056 states:

If the buyer has lawfully rejected the goods the case becomes in effect one of
non-delivery and the measure of damages is therefore the same as that
applicable to non-delivery, with the one addition of recovery for expenses
which stem from the receipt of the defective goods.

Under s 51(2) of SOGA, the measure of damages for non-delivery is the
estimated loss directly and naturally resulting, in the ordinary course of
events, from the seller’s breach of contract. In this case, it is evident that
one of the items of loss arising from the defendant’s breach of contract is
that the plaintiff has paid the purchase price of the UHT plant and has
received no value for that price since the machine is defective. The plaintiff
is entitled to be refunded all sums paid for the UHT plant and the defendant
upon payment shall be entitled to remove the plant from the plaintiff’s
premises. I note in passing that no argument was made that damages should be
measured in accordance with s 51(3) of SOGA. This must have been because there
was no evidence of an available market for the UHT plant and therefore the
section could not be applied.

Loss of profits

133 The next claim made by the plaintiff was for loss of profit. In this
connection, the following extract from _Benjamin Sale of Goods_ (London Sweet
& Maxwell, 6th Ed, 2002) is relevant:

**17–066** **Warranty as to profit-earning capacity**. Where the goods sold
were a profit-earning machine, which the seller undertook would perform in a
specified manner or at a specified rate, the buyer may claim (subject to his
“duty” to take reasonable steps to mitigate his loss) his loss of profits
caused by the failure of the machine to perform as warranted. Thus where the
seller warranted that a clay-pulverising machine had a certain productive
capacity, but the machine failed to achieve this, the Court of Appeal held
that the buyer was entitled to recover his net loss of profits during the
normal commercial life of the machine. The plant having been supplied in
contemplation by both parties that it should be used by the plaintiff in the
commercial production of pulverised clay, the case is one in which the
plaintiff can claim as damages for the breach of warranty the loss of the
profit he can show that he would have made if the plant had been as warranted
...

But any claim for loss of profits must be considered in the light of the rules
of mitigation: for a period after delivery it may be reasonable for the buyer
to use the machine to see if it meets the warranty, but as soon as a
reasonable buyer would have replaced the defective machine with one which
functioned properly or efficiently, the buyer should not be entitled to claim
for any further loss of profits. Only if no suitable replacement can
reasonably be found should the buyer’s claim for loss of profits extend over
the full period of the original machine’s expected life.

134 The plaintiff is claiming loss of profits for five years totalling
US$1,159,526 taking into account the fact that a new UHT plant and AFFS
machine may take one to two years to be capable of producing at full capacity
of three shifts per day. This amount is based on the expected profits which
the plaintiff would have obtained from the sale of the UHT creamer in portion
cups to either Singapore Airport Terminal Services (“SATS”) or Changi
International Airport Services (“CIAS”) for Singapore Airlines (“SIA”) and
Star Cruises. Alternatively, the plaintiff submitted that an order be made for
damages representing the plaintiff’s loss of a chance to make a profit based
on the _Chaplin v Hicks_ [1911] 2 KB 786.

135 As a matter of principle, I find that the plaintiff is entitled to make a
claim for loss of profits on the basis that the defendant knew that the
plaintiff was purchasing the System for the purpose of producing the products
for sale. The defendant also warranted that the System would be able to
produce the product at a certain rate and that it would be suitable for sale
for a certain period. The question of whether the plaintiff has in fact lost
profits as a result of the defendant’s breach, and if so how much, is a
question of fact to be proved by the plaintiff. There is also the requirement
of mitigation which would relate to the period for which the plaintiff is
entitled to recover damages. The question is thus, when should the plaintiff
have taken steps to replace the UHT plant?

136 The plaintiff’s case is that profits would have been derived from the sale
of the product to SATS and CIAS for SIA, Star Cruises, hotels, restaurants and
institutes which required liquid creamers. The plaintiff stated that its
biggest customer would be SATS and CIAS for the supply of liquid creamer to
SIA since the quantity of liquid creamer imported by SIA from overseas
annually exceeds the plaintiff’s expected maximum annual production capacity
of 72 million cups. The plaintiff, however, did not have any contract to
supply SIA with liquid creamer. It submitted, however, that its parent
company, Super Coffeemix Manufacturing Ltd (“SCM”), would have secured such a
supply contract from SIA because:

(a) “Super” is an established brand in the food and beverage industry in
Singapore and South East Asia and has significant goodwill;

(b) SCM had been supplying powdered non-dairy creamer produced by the
plaintiff to SilkAir (Singapore) Pte Ltd through SATS and CIAS and thus would
be in a better position than others to obtain a contract for the supply of
liquid creamer to SIA when the opportunity to do so arose; and

(c) there are no manufacturers of UHT liquid creamer in portion cups in South
East Asia and the plaintiff would have been the only manufacturer of the same
in the region if the UHT system had functioned properly. SIA which currently
imports liquid creamer from abroad would be likely to purchase liquid creamer
from a local manufacturer if one was available as this would be cheaper.

137 The plaintiff submitted that it was not necessary for it to prove with
certainty that it would have been awarded the SIA contract for supply of
liquid creamer before an award of loss of profit could be made as long as the
circumstances showed that the chance of the plaintiff making profits was not
speculative. In the case of _Robertson Quay Investment Pte Ltd v Steen
Consultants Pte Ltd and another_ [2008] 2 SLR(R) 623 (“ _Robertson Quay_ ”), a
case which dealt with the proof of damage, the Court of Appeal held that
“court had to adopt a flexible approach with regard to the proof of damage.
Different occasions may call for different evidence with regard to certainty
of proof, depending on the circumstances of the case and the nature of the
damages claimed”.

138 At this juncture I should note that whilst the Court of Appeal in
_Robertson Quay_ had stated that the law did not demand that a plaintiff prove
with complete certainty the exact amount of damage that he had suffered, it
still required sufficient proof of the loss claimed to be adduced. At [31] the
Court of Appeal indicated that:

a plaintiff cannot simply make a claim for damages without placing before the
court sufficient evidence of the loss it has suffered even if it is otherwise
entitled in principle to recover damages. On the other hand, where the
plaintiff has attempted its level best to prove its loss _and_ the evidence is
cogent, the court should allow it to recover the damages claimed.

[emphasis in original]

139 The defendant submitted that the plaintiff had not been able to show a
real and substantial chance of being able to supply its liquid creamer to the
various parties mentioned. First, the prospective customers that the plaintiff
had named already had existing suppliers. The chance of the plaintiff being
able to supply its product to those customers would depend on how the price
and quality of its product compared with those of the existing suppliers. The
plaintiff had not adduced any evidence to show that its product was equal to
or superior to those products or that it was cheaper. Its allegation that
there were no other manufacturers of UHT liquid creamer in portion cups in
South East Asia had not been substantiated. The plaintiff had not shown that
its chance of ousting any of the existing suppliers was more than speculative.

140 The defendant further submitted that the chance of the plaintiff being
able to sell its product to SIA was speculative because there was no evidence
to suggest that SIA would be interested in purchasing NDC from any supplier
other than its existing ones. The plaintiff had conceded that if SIA intended
to look for new suppliers it would have invited prospective contractors to
provide tender proposals. Whilst Charles Li had alleged in court that he had
met a senior manager from SIA to discuss an invitation to tender, he had not
stated this in his affidavit. Further, no evidence of any tender invitation
had been produced although tender invitations are document intensive
exercises.

141 Apart from selling to SIA, the defendant submitted that the plaintiff
could not show a real chance of making a profit from selling its NDC because:

(a) the plaintiff’s profit forecast was premised on the assumption that it
could sell all the portion cups it produced within a period of five years to
SCM at US$9 per carton. Whilst the plaintiff had alleged that it had an
agreement for such sales to SCM, its witness, Mr Alex Khor, who had prepared
the forecast, had admitted that SCM was the plaintiff’s marketing agent and
did not purchase NDC from the plaintiff. The plaintiff had to bear the cost of
disposing of whatever product it could not sell. The premise of the
plaintiff’s forecast could not be substantiated;

(b) the plaintiff alleged that because there was one customer who bought NDC
at $16 per carton, US$9 was a reasonable projection but this single example
did not establish that the plaintiff’s price was competitive. There was no
evidence that US$9 per carton would be competitive _vis-a-vis_ existing
suppliers;

(c) the plaintiff’s estimate of sales volume was not based on any empirical
evidence whatsoever. The plaintiff had not produced any estimates of sales to
SIA arising out of Charles Li’s alleged meeting with SIA but purported to
justify its forecast by multiplying a speculative estimate of outgoing air
traffic from the airport against the speculative estimate of the number of
passengers per flight;

(d) whilst the plaintiff had referred to “feasibility studies” showing an
existing market for the product, Alex Khor had admitted that he was not aware
of the outcome of these studies. Therefore the forecast must have been based
on speculation rather than on results of studies;

(e) the plaintiff had not carried out a marketing campaign for its NDC and as
a brand new product, proper marketing would be crucial to the volume of sales;

(f) the plaintiff had no records of the number of cartons that SCM had sold or
given away as free samples and according to Alex Khor, over a period of four
months only one customer had bought the plaintiff’s NDC. The demand for the
plaintiff’s NDC had not been established; and

(g) the plaintiff failed to take into account in its forecast the fact that
its NDC production line could not run continuously for up to 16 hours per day
as assumed. Mr Tay had admitted that during continuous production, production
at the UHT plant was faster than production at the AFFS machine and therefore
the UHT plant had to be stopped until the AFFS machine could finish.

142 The plaintiff responded to the above criticisms of its lack of evidence of
profit earning ability by saying that it merely had to show a real or
substantial chance to obtain a profit in order for the court to award damages
for loss of profits. In this connection, I think the plaintiff has mixed up
two different bases of claim. A plaintiff can make a claim for actual loss of
profits if he can show that on a balance of probabilities, he would, apart
from the defendant’s breach, have earned such profits. Alternatively, he can
make a claim for the loss of a chance to make a profit. The cases that the
plaintiff cited to substantiate its contention that it only needed to show a
real or substantial chance to obtain a profit were _Asia Hotel Investments Ltd
v Starwood Asia Pacific Management Pte Ltd and another_ [2005] 1 SLR(R) 661
and _Straits Engineering Contracting Pte Ltd v Merteks Pte Ltd_ [1996] 1 SLR
227. In both these cases, damages were awarded to the plaintiff to compensate
the plaintiff for the fact that the defendant’s breach of the contract caused
the plaintiff to lose the chance to make a profit. Damages were not awarded
for actual foreseeable loss of profits.

143 In the present case, the defendant’s criticisms of the plaintiff’s
evidence on its forecast loss of profits are cogent. The plaintiff was not
able to prove that it would have made the sums it forecasted if it had been
able to operate the System as contemplated by the contract. The plaintiff was
entering a new field of enterprise and there was insufficient evidence that in
the first few years of operation, it would have been able to sell most if not
all of the products at the prices that it used in its calculation of profits.
The plaintiff did not have even a letter of interest from SIA indicating a
desire to try and perhaps use the plaintiff’s product, let alone a full-
fledged contract. The plaintiff has not been able to convince me that it would
have been able to sell all or any of its output to SIA or other established
users of liquid creamer. The plaintiff’s marketing efforts as disclosed to the
court seemed inadequate to support the plaintiff’s contentions. I therefore
hold that the plaintiff has not established that it would have earned the
profits forecasted by Mr Khor. The plaintiff’s claim for actual loss of
profits is speculative and cannot be admitted.

144 On the other hand, it is clear from the evidence that the plaintiff had
embarked on the production of liquid creamer in portion cups in a serious
manner and was committed to making an effort to break into the local and
regional markets for this product. The plaintiff invested time and money not
only in acquiring the UHT plant and the AFFS machine, but also in modifying
its premises and in hiring and training its staff. The plaintiff also lined up
a distributor and was making marketing efforts. There is also an existing
market for the product in the region although the plaintiff would have to
compete in the market with existing suppliers. The defendant’s breach of
contract means that the plaintiff was deprived (through the inability of the
System to operate as it should have) of the chance of making a profit from the
products. I am satisfied on the evidence that the chance which was lost was a
real and substantial chance and not a speculative one. The plaintiff is
therefore entitled to recover damages for loss of this chance.

145 The next issue is how to quantify those damages. In this connection, I
must take into account the period during which the plaintiff lost the chance
to make profits. The plaintiff contended that this period was a five year
period bearing in mind the time spent setting up and testing the System and
obtaining a new system and bringing that up to full capacity. I do not agree.
The plaintiff knew that the UHT plant was defective and could not meet its
purpose at the latest by September 2007. It should then have mitigated its
damages by acquiring a new UHT plant. It did not do so and did not offer any
reasonable explanation why it remained inactive. The UHT plant was delivered
on 28 July 2005 and the AFFS machine was delivered on 25 November 2005\. The
AFFS machine was accepted as working satisfactorily in March 2006. By that
time, the UHT plant should also have been able to function at full capacity. I
would therefore calculate that the period during which the chance to obtain
profits was lost started in April 2006. The defendant needed seven months to
deliver the UHT plant after the letter of award was issued. Therefore, if the
plaintiff had ordered a new UHT plant in September 2007, it would have been
delivered by about March 2008 and should have been installed and commissioned
within another three to four months. I therefore consider that the period
during which the chance to make profit was lost ran from April 2006 to July
2008 – a period of about two and a quarter years.

146 Mr Khor’s evidence was that he had calculated that for the first year of
production, the plaintiff would have made a profit of US$38,526, for the
second year of production, the profit would have been US$212,414 and for the
third year and subsequent years, it would have been US$302,862. Taking the
average of those figures, I get US$231,905.20 per year for five years.
Therefore, the figure for two and a quarter years would be US$521,786.70. This
is the average profit that would have been earned if there was full production
and good marketing techniques and the plaintiff had been able to draw business
away from already established suppliers at the price the plaintiff said in
court it would be quoting for the product. Bearing in mind the vagaries of the
market and the difficulties of launching a new product and breaking into an
established market, I award the plaintiff 30% of that figure _ie_ US$156,536
as damages for loss of the chance of making profits for two and a quarter
years of production.

Wasted costs

147 The plaintiff also claimed the following costs which it said had been
wasted because the defendant supplied a defective UHT plant:

(i) |  Costs of purchase of a second compressor for the AFFS machine |  |  $50,000  
---|---|---|---  
(ii) |  Cost of building alterations made to the plaintiff’s factory |  |  $459,950  
|  \- for the UHT plant |  $316,360 |   
|  \- for the AFFS machine |  $143,590 |   
(iii) |  Cost of electrical installation in the plaintiff’s factory |  |  $31,538.65  
|  \- for the UHT plant |  $17,438.65 |   
|  \- for the AFFS machine |  $14,100 |   
(iv) |  Cost of furniture and fittings |  |  $700  
(v) |  Cost of raw materials |  |  US$51,323  
(vi) |  Cost of packing materials incurred by the plaintiff during the period June 2005 to September 2007 |  |  Euro138,599.36 and $6,826  
(vii) |  Freight charges incurred by the plaintiff for raw materials and packing materials |  |  Euro 300 and $3,251.93  
(viii) |  Costs of personnel (i.e. 1 Manager, 1 technician and 8 operators) from February 2006 to September 2007 |  |  $230,260.50  
(ix) |  Costs of repair and maintenance |  |  $41,122.18 and Euro29,928.59  
|  \- for the UHT plant |  $34,694.66 |   
|  \- for the AFFS machine  |  $6,427.52 and Euro29,928.59 |   
|  **Total** |  |  **$823,649.26** **Euro168,827.95** **US$51,323**  
  
  

148 It is clear from _McGregor on Damages_ (see [132] above) that the
plaintiff can make a claim to recover expenses that had been wasted by reason
of the defendant’s breach of contract. I will consider each item claimed by
the plaintiff to determine whether in fact these expenses were wasted:

(i) _Cost of second compressor_

I have not allowed the plaintiff to reject the AFFS machine. Accordingly, the
cost of the second compressor is not wasted. The second compressor can still
be used for the machine. Additionally, Charles Li had admitted in court that
the first compressor had been purchased for the plaintiff’s other needs and
not specifically for the AFFS machine. The plaintiff had originally thought
that it could use its existing compressor with the AFFS machine but after
arrival of the machine, it found that the capacity of the existing compressor
was inadequate and this led it to buy the second compressor. As the second
compressor would have had to be bought in any case and is still useable, I do
not allow this claim.

(ii) _Cost of building alterations made to the plaintiff’s factory_

Since the plaintiff has not been allowed to reject the AFFS machine, the sum
of $143,590 spent in altering its building to accommodate this machine has not
been wasted and cannot be recovered. As regards the building alterations
costing $316,360 to accommodate the UHT plant, the plaintiff has not shown
that all these alterations will have to be redone if the UHT plant is removed
and the new machine is put in its place. I am not satisfied that these costs
were entirely wasted and I do not have any evidence to help me distinguish
between the work that has to be redone and the work that can be used for a new
machine. This claim is not allowed.

(iii) _Cost of electrical installations_

I allow the plaintiff to recover the sum of $17,438.65 which was spent on
electrical installations for the UHT plant which has been rejected. The amount
claimed in respect of installations for the AFFS machine is rejected for
reasons given earlier.

(iv) _Cost of furniture and fittings_

This is a small item. According to Mr Tay, these items were mainly items of
furniture like steel tables. These are reusable. I am not satisfied on the
evidence that these items were wasted. The claim is not allowed.

(v) _Cost of raw materials_

The amount claimed consists of US$38,973 for raw materials for dairy creamer
and US$12,349.64 for raw materials for NDC. The defendant submitted that the
amount claimed for the dairy creamer materials could not be recovered because
they had been purchased in December 2005 and these items reached their expiry
date in June 2006. The defendant argued that it was unreasonable for the
plaintiff to buy so much in December 2005 when the commissioning tests for the
System had not been done. I do not accept the defendant’s argument. The
plaintiff was entitled to buy materials early on the basis that commissioning
would be completed within the next two to three months and I accept Charles
Li’s evidence that the quantity of materials ordered was the minimum allowed
by the supplier. All raw materials were wasted because the UHT plant could not
perform. I allow this claim.

(vi) _Cost of packing materials_

The defendant challenged the claim on the basis that the evidence was
inadequate as to how much material was required, how much was used, when it
was used, when it would have expired and why the plaintiff made no effort to
sell the unused and unexpired materials. Further, the plaintiff caused its own
loss by purchasing too much packaging material. Although Charles Li had
testified that the quantities of aluminium foil and the plastic sheeting
ordered were the minimum quantities required by the respective suppliers, he
conceded that he could have bought less aluminium foil at a higher price. On
the other hand, the plaintiff asserted that it was reasonable for it to buy
larger quantities in anticipation of its continuing operation of the System.
Moreover, it would be difficult to sell off the excess packing materials as
the aluminium foil and plastic sheets were tailored specifically for the use
of the AFFS machine. I am not satisfied that the plaintiff has proved this
claim. The AFFS machine was of acceptable quality and the plaintiff could have
operated it with another UHT machine and then used the existing packaging
material. Mr Khor agreed in court that the plaintiff had placed an order for
144 reels of plastic sheeting in April 2007 when it still had 107 reels which
would not expire until May 2008. I am not satisfied that all the packaging
material could not have been used by July 2008 (being the date by which a new
UHT machine could have been installed).

(vii) _Freight charges_

The defendant submitted that the amounts of Euro 300 and $3,251.93 being the
sums claimed included the sums of Euro 300 and $1,433.23 which were incurred
to ship the raw materials for the commissioning tests and that Mr Tay had
conceded that the defendant was not liable for those amounts. I disallow these
latter amounts accordingly. The balance of the freight charges is $1,818.70. I
have disallowed the claim for packaging materials and as these freight charges
relate to packaging materials, they must also be disallowed. Therefore no part
of this claim is allowed.

(viii) _Costs of personnel_

The plaintiff claimed the labour costs of one manager, one technician and
eight operators for the period from February 2006 to September 2007 amounting
in total to$230,260.50. The defendant submitted that the plaintiff could not
show that these expenses would not have been incurred except for the contract
because Mr Tay, Mr Zaw and two others each filed an affidavit of evidence-in-
chief on behalf of the plaintiff in the action and were presented as its
representatives with the most knowledge and experience concerning the UHT
plant and the AFFS machine. They remained employed by the plaintiff and this
contradicted Charles Li’s allegation that the plaintiff would not have
employed them if not to operate the UHT system. Further, Charles Li had
conceded that the employment contracts of the ten persons did not stipulate
that they were only employed to operate these machines and that their job
scope included work that was unrelated to operating the UHT system and that
they did in fact do such unrelated work.

The plaintiff’s response was that the four employees who testified had as
their main job scope the operation of the UHT system. If they had not been so
employed, they would not have been so familiar with the problems encountered
during operation and would not have been able to file the relevant affidavits.
The other six employees had been operators employed under two-year contracts
and when the UHT system could not be operated the plaintiff had no choice but
to transfer the operators to other positions until the expiry of their
contracts.

According to the affidavits, Mr Tay was employed by the plaintiff as a manager
in July 2002, Mr Zaw was employed in January 2003, Mr Ji was employed in
February 2006 and Mr Zhang was also employed in February 2006. It appears to
me that Mr Tay and Mr Zaw were employed for purposes other than the operation
of the UHT plant and, whilst they were utilised in operating that plant during
the period concerned, they would also have had other duties. The evidence does
not establish sufficiently that their main duties related to the UHT plant.
The other employees (including the six contract workers), however, appear to
have been dedicated to the UHT plant and they would not have been hired
otherwise. I therefore allow the salaries of these eight employees which total
$119,899.70 for the period in question.

(ix) _Costs of repair and maintenance_

The plaintiff claimed the sum of $41,112.18 and Euro 29,928.59 being the costs
of repairing and maintaining the UHT plant during the period between February
2006 and September 2007. The defendant pointed out that Charles Li had agreed
during cross-examination that the sum claimed included the costs of items that
were not necessary for repairing the UHT plant or AFFS machine. Also, the
plaintiff had erroneously recorded unused items as used items and Alex Khor
had admitted that the plaintiff had included unused items in its claim. He
also conceded that he did not know whether these items would have a resale
market though the metal parts would definitely have a scrap value. The
plaintiff on the other hand argued that it was reasonable to stock pile spare
parts in anticipation of need. On balance, I hold that the plaintiff has not
proved that this expenditure was necessarily and reasonably incurred. I
disallow this claim.

Replacement cost of UHT plant

149 The plaintiff’s last claim was for the additional cost it would incur to
purchase a replacement UHT plant. It submitted that the cost of designing,
purchasing the components of and installing a new UHT plant would be
approximately US$515,000. The original UHT plant cost US$175,362. The
plaintiff therefore estimated that the extra amount it would have to pay for a
new plant would be about US$339,638. In addition, it would incur further costs
in commissioning the new system.

150 The defendant objected to this head of claim on the basis that it was a
duplication. The plaintiff had not only wanted a refund of the price of the
UHT plant and a cost of its installation fees but also wanted damages for loss
of profit and the costs of replacing the UHT plant. The defendant argued that
such an award would place the plaintiff in a better position than if the
contract had been performed.

151 I agree that the plaintiff is not entitled to this alleged head of loss.
The plaintiff has rejected the UHT plant provided by the defendant because the
design is defective. Any replacement UHT plant is likely to have significant
differences and this would have a cost impact. The evidence of the experts was
that different designs of holding tubes and inner tubing would carry different
price tags. The plaintiff kept bargaining with the defendant on the price of
the equipment supplied and now that it has found that the cheaper equipment
does not suit it, it cannot ask the defendant to pay the cost of more
expensive equipment. Once the plaintiff has received the refund of the price
of the original UHT plant, it will be back in its original position and it can
then decide what sort of replacement equipment it wants to buy and how much it
is prepared to pay for it. The goods supplied in this case are not generic but
specific and distinctive and therefore it is not possible to assess damages on
the basis of price differences between the date of supply and the date of
replacement. In any case, the plaintiff has taken no steps to replace the
equipment as yet and the defendant should not be held responsible for price
increases that may have resulted from such delay. I therefore disallow this
claim.

Conclusion

152 The plaintiff has succeeded on its claim. The defendant has succeeded on
its counterclaim. I award the plaintiff judgment on the following:

(a) refund of all sums paid for the UHT plant;

(b) US$156,536 as damages for loss of a chance;

(c) $17,438.65 being the cost of electrical installation;

(d) US$38,973 for dairy creamer and US$12,349.64 for raw materials for NDC;
and

(e) $119,899.70 being cost of personnel.

The plaintiff is also entitled to the costs of this action and interest at the
court rate on the sums ordered as from the date of the writ. As against the
amounts which the defendant must pay, it shall be entitled to set off the sum
of Euro 33,221.10 and interest thereon at the court rate from the date of the
writ.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 21 Dec 2010 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

