Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  MFM Restaurants Pte Ltd and another _v_ Fish & Co Restaurants Pte Ltd and
another appeal  
[2010] SGCA 36

Case Number| :| Civil Appeals Nos 169 and 171 of 2009  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 18 October 2010  
Tribunal/Court| :| Court of Appeal  
Coram| :|  Chao Hick Tin JA; Andrew Phang Boon Leong JA; V K Rajah JA  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Lau Kok Keng and Wendy Low Wei Ling (Rajah & Tann LLP)
for the appellants; Tony Yeo Soo Mong and Rozalynne Asmali (Drew & Napier LLC)
for the respondent.  
Parties| :|  MFM Restaurants Pte Ltd and another — Fish & Co Restaurants Pte
Ltd  
  
[LawNet Editorial Note: The decision from which this appeal arose is reported
at [2010] 1 SLR 1104.]

18 October 2010| Judgment reserved.  
---|---  
  
Andrew Phang Boon Leong JA (delivering the judgment of the court):

Introduction

1 The assessment of damages is almost always of the first importance to
plaintiffs (including the plaintiff in the present proceedings). This is only
natural given that a plaintiff who has been legally wronged would surely want
to know how the wrong (or wrongs) is (or are) to be redressed (often, as is
the case here, in monetary terms). It has also commonly been said – quite
correctly, in our view – that the assessment of damages is not a mechanistic
process. To be sure, there are legal rules and principles which guide the
court. However, their _application_ is often not an easy process. As we shall
see, this is in fact precisely the situation in the present proceedings. There
have been clear – and continuing – breaches on the part of the defendants (who
are the appellants in both the appeals before us (“the Appellants”)). However,
the Appellants have sought – most vigorously, in fact \- to convince us that,
notwithstanding their blatant breaches of contract (and see below at
[13]–[17]), the plaintiff’s (who is the respondent in both appeals (“the
Respondent”)) loss is unconnected with such breaches. Indeed, much of the
argument before this court was spent on the issue of causation – or, rather,
the absence of causation, in so far as the Appellants are concerned.

2 The Appellants also had a fallback argument: if, indeed, their breaches had
caused loss to the Respondent, the Respondent (so the argument ran) was
nevertheless the main author of its loss. In essence, the thrust of the
Appellants’ argument is that the Respondent was already suffering from a
decline in sales in any event and, hence, is not entitled to seek substantial
monetary compensation (in the form of damages) from the Appellants. The
Appellants say that the Respondent can (at best) claim only a relatively small
amount of damages.

3 There is yet another – albeit more subsidiary – issue. However, even this
issue sees the Appellants attempting to argue that damages should be denied to
the Respondent. This relates to loss or damage that was allegedly caused to
the Respondent _after_ the breaches of contract, _viz_ , the _post-_ breach
situation. In particular, the Appellants have sought to argue that the loss in
_this_ particular situation is _too remote_. Although, as just mentioned, this
is not one of the main issues in the present appeal, it certainly raises the
spectre of a recent House of Lords decision, at least part of which differs
(quite radically) in legal orientation from a decision of this court. As the
_legal principles_ involved are of the first importance for future cases, and
the legal conundrum emanates from the highest appellate court in England, we
must deal with it in the present appeals – not least because if, in
particular, one of the legal propositions made in the House of Lords decision
is correct, then the law which has stood for a century and a half (and which
has been endorsed by this court) will change (and rather radically at that).

4 The result of all this is a curious compendium of both difficult issues of
application as well as a difficult issue of law. In short, both particulars
and universals have raised rather thorny questions that we must resolve. What
began as a deceptively simple set of legal proceedings has metamorphosed into
a rather complex mixture of factual and legal conundrums impacting on the
issue of justice and fairness not only for the parties to the present appeals
but also (in relation to the legal rules and principles centring on remoteness
of damage) for future litigants as well.

5 It is best, in the circumstances, to begin from the beginning – in
particular, with the basic factual matrix which constitutes the backdrop
against which the various legal issues have arisen.

The factual background

General

6 The present appeals are against the decision made by the High Court Judge
(“the Judge”) with regard to the assessment of damages in _Fish & Co
Restaurants Pte Ltd v MFM Restaurants Pte Ltd and another_ [2010] 1 SLR 1104
(“the Judgment”).

7 The Respondent is Fish & Co Restaurants Pte Ltd, the owner of a chain of
seafood restaurants called “Fish & Co”. The original assessment hearing had,
in fact, taken place before an Assistant Registrar (“the AR”), whose decision
was appealed against by the Respondent and cross-appealed by the Appellants.
As we shall see, the Judge allowed the Respondent’s appeal and dismissed the
cross-appeal by the Appellants. The first appellant is MFM Restaurants Pte Ltd
(“the First Appellant”), the owner of another chain of seafood restaurants
called “The Manhattan Fish Market” (“MFM”) and the second appellant is Dickson
Low (“Dickson”), a former employee of the Respondent.

8 As part of his employment contract with the Respondent, Dickson agreed that
all confidential information derived during his employment would not be
wilfully divulged to outside parties and competitors, and that he would not
help to set up restaurants other than for the Respondent during his employment
or two years after resigning from the company. Sometime after resigning from
the Respondent (around 21 August 2001), Dickson was involved in and helped to
set up the First Appellant’s business. The first MFM restaurant was opened in
Malaysia in 2002 and subsequently more restaurants were opened in Malaysia.
Following these events, on 30 March 2004, the Respondent brought proceedings
against Dickson for breaching the non-competition obligations in the contract
of employment by using and divulging confidential information. The Respondent
alleged that Dickson copied Fish & Co’s concepts for use in the MFM
restaurants. Dickson denied the allegations. However, during the course of the
trial, the parties settled and recorded a settlement deed on 27 April 2005
(“the Settlement Deed”). The First Appellant and its Malaysian counterparts
were also added as parties to the Settlement Deed, although they were not
parties to the suit. The Respondent claimed that it required the First
Appellant’s inclusion to ensure that both Dickson and the First Appellant were
prevented from employing Fish & Co’s concepts. This was especially important
as it was found out during the course of trial that the First Appellant was
planning to open the first MFM restaurant in Singapore. The relevant sub-
clauses in the Settlement Deed for our purposes read as follows:[note: 1]

**3** **Obligations**

The Parties hereby undertake to fulfill the following obligations:

(i) [The Appellants] undertake not to use, in the Manhattan Fish Market
Restaurants around the world, within a period of four (4) months from the date
of this Deed, serving pans identical and/or similar to those serving pans used
in Fish & Co Restaurants.

(ii) [The Appellants] undertake not to use any slogans and/or jingles
identical to or confusingly similar to that used by [the Respondent] …

(iii) ...

(iv) [The Appellants] undertake not to use the words and/or phrases more
particularly described in Schedule 3 …

(v) [The Appellants] undertake, within a period of three (3) months from this
Deed, to use a completely different garlic lemon butter sauce, sauce used in
the dish known as “Garlic Lemon Mussels” … (collectively known as “the MFM
Sauces”) … from the Garlic Lemon Butter Sauce and Lemon Butter Sauces used in
Fish & Co Restaurants (“the O.B. Sauces”).

...

The four obligations will be referred to herein as “the Pans undertaking”,
“the Slogans undertaking”, “the Phrases undertaking” and “the Sauces
undertaking”, respectively. The Respondent claimed that the four undertakings
were crucial as they reflected the essence of the Fish & Co concept. The
Slogans and Phrases undertakings were to take effect from 27 April 2005, while
the Sauces undertaking was to take effect from 27 July 2005, with the Pans
undertaking taking effect from 27 August 2005.

9 Subsequently, on 20 May 2005, the First Appellant began operations at Plaza
Singapura, which was just 0.28 km away from the Respondent’s Fish & Co Glass
House outlet situated at Penang Road. The Respondent alleged that despite the
undertakings in the Settlement Deed, the Appellants had almost immediately
breached cl 3 of the Settlement Deed by:

(a) using the slogan “ _One bite and you’re hooked_ ” on its menus (this was
one out of the 31 slogans/jingles which the Appellants agreed to refrain from
using);

(b) using the phrases “ _Garlic Lemon Butter_ ”, “ _Lemon Butter_ ” and “
_Creamy Garlic Lemon_ ” on its website;

(c) failing to use completely different sauces; and

(d) using serving pans which were similar to the serving pans used by Fish &
Co. The Respondent alleged that the black pans used by MFM were similar to the
pans used by Fish & Co.

10 On 20 September 2005, the Respondent brought proceedings against the
Appellants for the above breaches. The Respondent claimed an injunction as
well as damages pursuant to the alleged breaches of the Settlement Deed. The
claim was (as mentioned) premised on the breaches of the Settlement Deed, and
not for passing off or breach of confidentiality.

11 Around 8 November 2005, MFM discontinued the use of the disputed slogan and
phrases.

12 On the first day of trial, _viz_ , 27 November 2006, the Appellants agreed
to enter into a consent judgment, with damages to be assessed (“the Consent
Judgment”). The Appellants also agreed to the terms of an injunction. The
relevant portions of the Consent Judgment read as follows:[note: 2]

1\. By consent, an injunction restraining [the Appellants] … from doing any of
the following acts:-

(a) In relation to Clause 3(i) of the Deed, from using in the Manhattan Fish
Market Restaurants serving pans identical and/or similar to those serving pans
used in the Fish & Co Restaurants with effect from 1 January 2007.

(b) In relation to Clause 3(ii) of the Deed, forthwith from using any slogans
and/or jingles which are identical to or confusingly similar to that used by
[the Respondent] …

(c) In relation to Clause 3(iv) of the Deed, forthwith from using any of the
words and/or phrases more particularly described in **Annex B** …

2\. By consent, in relation to Clause 3(v) of the Deed, an injunction, with
effect from 11 January 2007, restraining the [the Appellants] … from using …
“the MFM Sauces” …

3\. [The Appellants] have 45 days from the date of this Judgment (i.e. up to
Wednesday 10 January 2007) to effect the change in the MFM Sauces under Clause
3(v) of the Deed.

4\. By consent, damages to be assessed … The costs of the assessment are also
reserved to the Registrar with liberty for [the Respondent] to rely on Clause
12 of the Deed to ask for costs on an indemnity basis for the assessment.

...

[emphasis in bold in original]

As may be observed, the terms of the injunction were based on the undertakings
in the Settlement Deed, and as prayed for by the Respondent in its statement
of claim. Pursuant to the Consent Judgment, MFM stopped using the pans on 28
December 2006. There were some disputes as to whether the Appellants had
complied with the Sauces undertaking by January 2007. However, for the
purposes of this suit and the assessment of damages, the Respondent has not
claimed damages for any breaches which allegedly occurred after January 2007.

The Appellants’ conduct

13 Before we proceed further, we would like to note the Appellants’ conduct
throughout the breach period. We agree with the Judge’s view that the breaches
were “deliberate” and constituted “flagrant contravention of the [Appellants’]
undertakings with a view to their own financial gain or reward” (see the
Judgment at [37]).

14 The Respondent alleged that despite the fact that it had sent numerous
reminders to the Appellants to remind them of their legal obligations pursuant
to the Settlement Deed, the Appellants did not act on the matter. This left it
with little choice but to commence legal proceedings against the Appellants on
20 September 2005. Before us, the Appellants took pains to emphasise that the
breaches of the undertakings were not deliberate. The Appellants contended
that, having been notified by the Respondent through its solicitor’s letter
dated 5 July 2005 of the breaches of the Slogans and Phrases undertakings, the
Appellants promptly responded and stopped the breaches by the first week of
November 2005. We question, however, if it was necessary to take four months
for this to be done.

15 Even if we accept that the Appellants acted promptly with regard to the
Slogans and Phrases undertakings, the breaches of the Sauces and Pans
undertakings presented quite a different situation. In particular, we find
that there was a deliberate attempt by the Appellants to disregard the
Settlement Deed. The Appellants contended that, to comply with the Sauces
undertaking, MFM varied its sauce, for example, by using margarine instead of
butter, and by using freshly squeezed bottled lemon instead of lemon
concentrate, as well as by varying the quantities of the various ingredients.
The Appellants further contended that the reason for the delay in compliance
with the relevant terms of the Settlement Deed was due to the parties’
inability to agree on who to appoint as a neutral third party taste expert.
The Respondent claimed that, as a neutral third party could not be agreed
upon, this option was no longer pursued upon the commencement of the suit. It
is noted that, pursuant to cl 3(xiii) of the Settlement Deed, parties were at
liberty to commence legal proceedings in the event that the identity of the
neutral third party was not agreed upon. The Respondent also stated that joint
attempts to appoint a court expert after the suit commenced likewise failed.
In our view, the inability to jointly appoint a neutral third party (and
subsequently a court expert) which both parties could agree upon is hardly a
satisfactory reason for breaching the Sauces undertaking given that the
Appellants could, if they were minded to do so, have easily lengthened the
process by not agreeing to any of the experts proposed by the Respondent.

16 In so far as the Pans undertaking was concerned, the Appellants explained
that the Respondent’s Fish & Co outlets in Singapore have ceased to use black
pans and had changed to stainless steel pans. Therefore, the Appellants were
under the impression that it would be able to retain the use of black pans in
its restaurants. In fact, even in their submissions before this court, the
Appellants sought to assert that, despite entering into the Consent Judgment,
they were not admitting to liability for breaching the Pans undertaking, which
we found to be odd given that they had agreed for damages to be assessed and
did not refute their liabilities for breaching the other three undertakings.
In any case, we find the Appellants’ explanations to be unconvincing. The
issue of the pans had already been raised in the earlier proceedings taken out
by the Respondent against Dickson for the alleged breach of his employment
contract. Part of the reason for the grace period factored into the Settlement
Deed was precisely to accord the Appellants adequate time to comply with the
agreement. Further, we find that it was not sufficient that the Appellants
used different coloured pans, given that what was more significant (and,
indeed, that was what the undertakings in the Settlement Deed were targeted
at) was the concept of serving food out of a pan. Indeed, it was not necessary
for the Appellants to use identical serving pans before they could be in
breach of cl 3(i) of the Settlement Deed, so long as the pans themselves were
similar.

17 Further, we note that the Appellants waited till the _first day of trial_
before consenting to judgment (and admitting liability). Considering the
totality of the evidence, we find that the Appellants had deliberately ignored
their undertakings in the Settlement Deed with the intention of profiteering
from the breaches. The Appellants also sought to downplay the significance of
the undertakings by contending that they were minor, and did not impact on the
minds of the consumers. However, if this was so, we question the Appellants’
decision to contest the suit so vigorously only to concede liability on the
first day of trial.

The assessment of damages before the AR

Introduction

18 Before the AR, the Respondent claimed damages for two time periods. The
first was the period between August 2005 and January 2007 (“the Breach
Period”), _ie_ , when the breaches occurred. The second was the period
thereafter (“the Post-Breach Period”), _ie_ , when the breaches had ceased but
its effects continued to result in losses to the Respondent. However, as noted
above, the Slogans and Phrases undertakings were complied with by the first
week of November 2005 (_ie_ , before January 2007). In the circumstances,
therefore, the terms “the Breach Period” and “the Post-Breach Period” are not,
strictly speaking, accurate. However, given the way in which the arguments
were made as well as for convenience of exposition, we will make reference to
these two time periods.

The issue of causation

19 The Respondent alleged that, as a result of the non-compliances with the
Settlement Deed, there was no differentiation between MFM and Fish & Co
restaurants, resulting in misrepresentation and confusion in the market.
Therefore, Fish & Co’s sales were affected by the Appellants’ breaches.
Further, as a result of the non-compliances, MFM had gained an accelerated
entry into the market and could therefore gain market share quickly by
stealing Fish & Co’s market share and sales, thereby diluting the Respondent’s
goodwill in the Fish & Co concept. Essentially, the Respondent relied on
empirical evidence that its profits had been reduced since the inception of
MFM to demonstrate that the Appellants’ breaches had caused its losses. The
Respondent further relied on the English decision of _Draper v Trist and
Tristbestos Brake Linings, Ld_ (1939) 56 RPC 429, a case involving passing-
off, to argue that the innocent party need not adduce evidence of confusion in
order to recover substantial damages.

20 The Appellants argued that consenting to judgment did not amount to an
admission that any damages were payable upon an assessment, and that,
therefore, the burden of proof remained on the Respondent to prove its losses.
The Appellants alleged that the Respondent had not discharged its burden of
proof. First, the Respondent’s Fish & Co restaurants were already making
losses before the Breach Period. Second, the Respondent had not adduced
evidence, through (for example) a market survey to demonstrate the alleged
effects of the Appellants’ breaches. Third, the losses suffered by the
Respondent subsequent to the Breach Period (_ie_ , during the Post-Breach
Period) were too remote.

The methodologies employed to estimate the Respondent’s loss of profits

21 Each party also appointed its own expert witness to calculate the damages
owed by the Appellants to the Respondent. The expert witness for the
Respondent, Mr Tony Samuel (“Mr Samuel”), proposed two measures of
calculations, which he termed as Methods A and B, respectively. Before
describing the basis of both calculations, it must be noted that Mr Samuel’s
quantification of damages was premised on the assumption that the Respondent
did in fact suffer losses during the Breach and Post-Breach Periods as a
result of the Appellants’ breaches of the Settlement Deed. Mr Samuel’s
calculations cannot therefore be employed to determine the causation issue,
although, to the extent that a trend of loss in profits can be observed, that
would be part of the empirical evidence and therefore add credence to the
allegation that the Respondent’s profits were affected by the Appellants’
breaches. For convenience of exposition, the explanation below of Methods A
and B will assume that all of the Respondent’s lost profits may be attributed
to the Appellants’ breaches. The actual extent of the Respondent’s loss of
profits attributable to the Appellants’ breaches will be discussed further
later.

(1) Method A

22 Method A involved a comparison of the sales figures for Fish & Co
restaurants affected by the Appellants’ actions with the sales figures of Fish
& Co restaurants which were _not_ affected by the same actions. Method A
assumed that, but for the Appellants’ actions, the relative performance of
both sets of restaurants would have been consistent during the pre-breach
period from February 2004 to August 2005 (“the Pre-Breach Period”), as well as
the Breach and Post-Breach Periods. First, Mr Samuel assumed that four of the
Respondent’s city-based Fish & Co outlets, _viz_ , the outlets at Glass House,
Bugis Junction, Centrepoint Shopping Centre (“Centrepoint”) and Suntec City
Mall (“the Affected Restaurants”) were affected by the Appellants’ actions and
that four of its suburban outlets, _viz_ , Novena Square, Jurong Point
Shopping Centre, Tampines Mall and Parkway Parade (“the Unaffected
Restaurants”) were not affected. A fifth city outlet at Wheelock Place was not
included in the calculations as it only commenced business during the Breach
Period. The distances of the Affected Restaurants and Wheelock Place from the
First Appellant’s MFM restaurant at Plaza Singapura are as follows:[note: 3]

Outlet |  Distance from Plaza Singapura (kilometres)  
---|---  
Glass House |  0.28  
Centrepoint |  0.62  
Bugis Junction |  1.16  
Suntec City Mall |  1.67  
Wheelock Place |  1.69  
  
  

23 Mr Samuel then compared the average monthly sales of the Affected
Restaurants with the average monthly sales of the Unaffected Restaurants for a
period before, and a period after, the MFM restaurant opened. Based on this
data, he found that, during the Pre-Breach Period, the sales of the Affected
Restaurant exceeded the sales of the Unaffected Restaurants by an average
percentage difference of 14.9 per cent. He undertook the same exercise for the
Breach Period and derived an average percentage of 3.8 per cent. Based on the
assumptions made, Mr Samuel concluded that, but for the Appellants’ actions,
the average sales of the Affected Restaurants would have continued to exceed
the average sales of the Unaffected Restaurants by 14.9 per cent. He then
deducted an estimate of the additional costs and expenses that Fish & Co would
have had to incur to earn the additional revenue in order to determine lost
profits.

24 Employing this methodology, Mr Samuel found that Fish & Co’s loss of
profits during the Breach Period amounted to $553,100.12. As for the
quantification of _post_ -breach losses, Method A was utilised by multiplying
an estimated average loss per month by half the number of months it was
assumed that MFM would have benefitted. The reason half the number of months
were used in this last mentioned regard was to factor in a tapering decrease
in influence of the breaches, _ie_ , that the further removed from the time
the breaches occurred, the less their influence on Fish & Co’s sales.

(2) Method B

25 Method B assumed that part of the revenue earned by MFM was a result of the
Appellants’ breaches and sought to calculate Fish & Co’s loss of profits by
multiplying the revenue earned by MFM as a result of the breaches by the
profit margin that Fish & Co would have made on that revenue. Mr Samuel first
calculated the variable profit margin of Fish & Co, that is, the proportion of
its revenue which Fish & Co earns as profits (taking into account the cost of
food and other variable expenses). He then made another assumption that a
certain proportion of the revenue earned by MFM was attributable to the
breaches. However, he was unable to determine the exact proportion of MFM’s
revenue that was attributable to the breaches, and thus he assumed and
utilised a range of 10–50 per cent. The profit margin was then applied to this
range of percentages (of MFM’s revenue attributable to the breaches) to derive
a range of loss of profits for Fish & Co.

26 Employing this methodology, Mr Samuel found that the variable profit margin
was 52.38 per cent, excluding rent adjustments. In other words, if, as found
by Mr Samuel, MFM’s actual sales during the Breach Period amounted to
$3,007,500, this would have translated to $697,400 of lost profits for Fish &
Co (with rent adjustments), assuming that 50 per cent of MFM’s revenue was
attributable to the breaches and that all the revenue earned by MFM would have
been earned by Fish & Co.[note: 4] In so far as the Post-Breach Period was
concerned, this was again calculated by multiplying an estimated average loss
per month by half the effective number of months it was assumed that MFM would
benefit, and Fish & Co would (correspondingly) suffer from the breaches.

(3) Mr Sajjad Ahmad Akhtar’s report

27 The Appellants’ expert report was presented by Mr Sajjad Ahmad Akhtar (“Mr
Akhtar”). He compared the sales for the month for each of the Respondent’s
Fish & Co outlets with the corresponding sales for the month in the previous
year. He opined that, if the Appellants’ breaches had affected Fish & Co’s
sales, a pattern showing a steady growth trend in sales during the Pre-Breach
Period, a decline during the Breach Period, followed by a rise after the
Breach Period would have been seen. As this was not present, Mr Akhtar
concluded that the breaches had no significant financial impact on Fish & Co’s
sales performance.

(4) The AR’s decision on methodology

28 With respect to the issue of causation, the AR found, firstly, that the
type of damages sought by the Respondent were not too remote, and were in the
reasonable contemplation of the parties as constituting the result of the
breaches at the time the Settlement Deed was entered into. Secondly, he found
that the only outlet affected by the Appellants’ breaches was the Glass House
outlet. This was based on the Respondent’s witnesses’ own evidence that
cannibalisation was minimal as each outlet occupied a different market segment
and that such factors were considered before the decision was taken to open a
new outlet. Thus, the First Appellant’s MFM outlet at Plaza Singapura would
only have affected the Respondent’s Fish & Co outlet within the same market
segment, _viz_ , the Glass House outlet.

29 In so far as the question of quantification of damages was concerned, the
AR also found that it would be more appropriate to adopt _Method A_ as it
centred on the losses to Fish & Co, as opposed to _Method B_ which centred on
the profits of MFM. Secondly, taking a commonsense approach, and emphasising,
in particular, the significance of Fish & Co’s “Seafood in a Pan” concept but
taking into account MFM as genuine competition independent of the breaches,
the AR held that it would be just to attribute 60 per cent of the losses
caused to the Respondent by the breaches of the Appellants. Thirdly, the
Respondent would also be entitled to damages based on a period of 12 months
after the breaches had stopped as 12 months was a reasonable time for the
public to realise that the breaches had ceased and that MFM restaurants were
distinct from Fish & Co restaurants.

30 In the circumstances, the AR ordered that Method A be utilised, _albeit
using new parameters_ (this will be referred to as _Method C_ in this
judgment). In other words, Method C employed the methodology in Method A, but
changed its assumptions. Under Method C, Glass House would be the only outlet
affected, and its sales were to be compared with the other three city-based
outlets, _viz_ , the outlets at Bugis Junction, Centrepoint and Suntec City
Mall, which were unaffected by the breaches (“the New Unaffected
Restaurants”).

(5) Method C

31 Mr Samuel was of the view that Method C was unsafe. This was because,
whereas in his earlier calculations (under Method A), the performance of the
(original four) Unaffected Restaurants was fairly consistent, with the new
parameters, the performance of one outlet (Centrepoint) was clearly not
aligned with that of the (other) New Unaffected Restaurants. He was therefore
of the view that the Centrepoint outlet appeared to be affected by events
which did not affect the other two outlets and, therefore, its inclusion in
the equation would distort the calculation of loss, unless it could be
determined whether the unexplained event or events were equally relevant to
Glass House. He also observed that the decline in the performances of the
Suntec City Mall and Bugis Junction outlets in the five months up to January
2007 needed to be explained, as they contributed substantially to the overall
average results of the restaurants during the Breach Period. Therefore, he was
of the view that it would be unsafe to use Method C.

32 Based on Mr Akhtar’s calculations, in eight of the 18 months during the
Breach Period, Glass House in fact derived more revenue than the revenue it
estimated that it would obtain had there been no breach. Offsetting the gains
from the losses, Mr Akhtar was of the opinion that, on the basis that 60 per
cent of Fish & Co’s loss of revenue was attributable to MFM, the Respondent
should be awarded $14,060.

33 Mr Samuel, on the other hand, was of the view that Mr Akhtar’s calculations
demonstrated precisely why Method C was unsafe, since it would be illogical
that in eight of the 18 months, Glass House performed better than it was
predicted to have performed without MFM’s presence, given the finding that the
Appellants’ breaches had caused loss to Fish & Co.

The AR’s final decision

34 The AR relied on Mr Akhtar’s calculations in arriving at his final decision
in respect of the application of Method C to the fact situation before him.
However, he was of the view that it was not necessary to set off the gains
made from the losses, as, under contract law, the plaintiff was entitled to
damages arising from a breach but need not pay over its profits. Therefore,
the AR awarded a total sum of $72,688 to the Respondent. The AR further
awarded costs on an indemnity basis based on the agreement between the parties
under the Settlement Deed. As the Respondent reasonably supposed that damages
awarded would be within the High Court’s jurisdiction, the AR awarded such
costs based on the High Court scale.

The appeals against the AR’s decision

35 The Appellants appealed against the whole of the AR’s decision. Just as
they had earlier contended before the AR, the Appellants argued that there was
no evidence of loss suffered by the Respondent as a result of their breaches.
They further submitted that the Respondent (and the AR) wrongly applied
passing-off arguments to the present claim, which was based, instead, on a
breach of contract.

36 The Respondent cross-appealed on the ground that the damages awarded by the
AR were too low. It contended that the AR should have applied Method A with
the original parameters unchanged; that the proportion of the Respondent’s
loss of profits attributable to the Appellants’ breaches should be at least 80
per cent (as opposed to 60 per cent); and that the Post-Breach Period should
be increased to between 18 and 24 months (as opposed to 12 months as held by
the AR).

The Judge’s decision

37 The Judge agreed that passing-off principles should not be employed in a
breach of contract case. Nevertheless, on the issue of causation, the Judge
held that actual loss as a result of the Appellants’ breaches could properly
be inferred from the evidence. First, the undertakings in the Settlement Deed
were closely related to the business operations of Fish & Co, and, hence, the
loss of business was the best evidence of loss. Secondly, the breaches
continued for 18 months despite the Respondent’s demands that the Appellants
desist. Thirdly, MFM’s performance as a new entrant in the market was
exceedingly good. Fourthly, there had been no cannibalisation of Fish & Co’s
profits by the opening of its outlets in close proximity to each other.
Fifthly, Glass House was the only affected outlet. Sixthly, MFM’s arrival had
a negative impact on the Glass House outlet. During the Breach Period, Fish &
Co’s average monthly sales were 6.6 per cent below those during the prior 18
month period. Further, Glass House’s sales statistics were significantly
underperforming in relation to the industry average, based on the Department
of Statistics Catering Trade Index. Seventhly, losses during the Breach and
Post-Breach Periods were reasonably contemplated to be the likely consequences
of the breaches.

38 On the issue of quantum, the Judge agreed with Mr Samuel that Method C
distorted the methodology of Method A. Therefore, she chose to base her
quantification of damages on _Method B_. She found that the most crucial and
relevant information were the sales figures. She agreed that it would be
unsafe to award Fish & Co’s loss of profits based on all of MFM’s sales during
the Breach Period, but that it would be logical to infer that if the
Appellants had not committed the breaches, Fish & Co’s sales would at least be
in line with industry’s trend (which was 12 per cent based on the monthly
sales percentage year on year change at current prices during that period
according to the Department of Statistics Press Releases (see below at [44])).
In fact, Glass House’s monthly sales percentage during the Breach Period was
-4 per cent. Therefore, there was a 16 per cent gap between Glass House’s
sales and the industry average and, for Glass House’s sales to be in line with
that industry, its sales would have to be increased by 16 per cent. In the
circumstances, she awarded damages based on 16 per cent of MFM’s sales during
the Breach Period. As for the Post-Breach Period loss of profits, the Judge
held that it was within the reasonable contemplation of the parties that the
effect of the Appellants’ breaches would continue after the breaches had
stopped. However, the Judge reduced the Post-Breach Period from 12 to 6
months.

39 Based on the above reasoning, the Judge awarded a total of $269,000 damages
to the Respondent. The Appellants appealed against the Judge’s decision in
both the Registrar’s Appeals.

The parties’ arguments in the present appeals

General

40 We now come to the present appeals. The Appellants appealed on the ground
that the Judge erred in establishing causation by inferences from the relevant
evidence. First, they contended that the fact that Fish & Co was already
making losses before the Breach Period shows that its alleged losses during
the Breach Period were not caused by MFM. For this proposition, the Appellants
highlighted the fact that, although the restaurant trade had improved by 4.6
per cent in 2004 relative to 2003, Glass House’s performance was worse by 5.76
per cent (see [44] below for the 2008 statistics published by the Department
of Statistics for the restaurant industry in Singapore (“the 2008
Statistics”)). Therefore, Fish & Co had already been underperforming in
relation to the industry average before the breaches, and, in fact, performed
better during the Breach Period when its percentage of sales improved from
-5.76 per cent to -4 per cent. Secondly, they contended that the fact that
losses continued to be experienced by Fish & Co after the breaches had ceased
indicated the lack of causation, since there had to be causes other than the
Appellants’ breaches that were generating those losses. Thirdly, they
contended that the Respondent had not proven its losses during the Breach
Period. In particular, there was no independent survey or witnesses called by
the Respondent to prove its claim for damages. Therefore, they contended that
the Respondent had not discharged its burden of proof.

41 The Respondent, on the other hand, contended that assessment of damages is
not an exact science and that the courts adopt a common sense approach.
Therefore, there was no need for market surveys and the Judge had correctly
inferred that Fish & Co had suffered losses due to the Appellants’ breaches
based on the factors which she had set out. In so far as the allegation that
Fish & Co was already making losses before the Breach Period was concerned,
the Respondent contended that the Appellants had misread the statistics, and
that, in fact, Fish & Co’s management accounts showed that Glass House was
reducing its losses during the Pre-Breach Period by 2.69 per cent annually.
Thus, if this upward trend continued, Glass House would have performed with
almost no losses by January 2006. However, this was derailed with the opening
of MFM in May 2005.

42 In the alternative, the Appellants contended that the Judge had erred in
her quantification of damages. The Appellants argued that the AR was correct
to use the revised Method A (_ie_ , Method C); that Method B was akin to an
account of profits; and that even if Method B was correct, the Judge failed to
take into account the fact that, prior to the Breach Period, Fish & Co was
already performing below the industry average.

43 In response to the (alternative) arguments made by the Appellants in the
preceding paragraph, the Respondent contended that the Judge had correctly
rejected Method C on the basis that the new parameters distorted the
calculations; that the Judge correctly applied the percentage of 16 per cent
to Method B, which was a loss-based approach and not an account of profits;
and that the 2008 Statistics ought not to be admitted into evidence, and, in
any event, had been misapplied by the Appellants.

The 2008 Statistics

44 In so far as the background to the 2008 Statistics was concerned, the
Department of Statistics Press Releases for the months from October 2004 to
January 2007 were admitted into evidence before the AR during the assessment
of damages hearing. These Monthly Press Releases provided information on the
monthly average sales performance of the restaurant industry in Singapore,
relative to those during the same month in the year before.

45 Another trade index was published in August 2008, _ie_ , the 2008
Statistics, during the course of the appeals before the High Court which took
place over a number of hearings between 15 July 2008 and 18 February 2009.
This recorded the performance of the restaurant industry in Singapore based on
average sales. For the period prior to August 2007, the percentages were
calculated based on changes in annual sales. On 24 February 2009, the
Appellants sought to admit this as evidence. The Appellants attempted to rely
on it to demonstrate that for the year 2004 relative to 2003 (_ie_ , before
the breaches), although the restaurant trade had improved by 4.6 per cent, the
performance of Glass House was worse (by -5.76 per cent). The Appellants
contended that the reason for the late submission of the 2008 Statistics was
because the Respondent’s counsel had informed the Judge (during the hearing on
19 February 2009) that such statistics were not available. What actually
transpired, however, is unclear as it was not recorded in the relevant notes
of evidence.

46 The Respondent contended that grave prejudice would be caused to it if the
evidence was allowed to be adduced at that late stage. It argued that, as a
consequence of the late submission, it did not have the opportunity to respond
to it during the trial itself. Further, the Appellants did not file a summons
and apply for leave to adduce fresh evidence. Even if they did, the Respondent
would have argued that the Appellants had failed to prove that the evidence
could not have been obtained with reasonable diligence. The Respondent
contended that the onus fell on the Appellants to check if the 2008 Statistics
were available if they had wanted to rely on it.

47 The Judge found that, in order to have an acceptable and meaningful
comparison to demonstrate a real decline during the Pre-Breach Period, regard
must be given to comparing like periods. However, the Judge felt that this was
not possible because Fish & Co’s sales performances were measured in 18 month
tranches whereas the 2008 Statistics were based on calendar years. The Judge
also took on board the Respondent’s objections to the late submission of fresh
evidence. She thus disregarded the 2008 Statistics.

48 We find that the industry averages provided limited assistance to either
party, given the wide disparity in the types of restaurants which were
accounted for in these trade statistics. We therefore find that it is not
necessary to rely on either the 2008 Statistics or the Monthly Press Releases.

The issue of causation

49 The difficulty we faced in the present proceedings was establishing the
extent to which the Appellants’ breaches caused loss to the Respondent, given
the many factors, for example, legitimate competition from Fish & Co’s rivals
such as MFM, cannibalisation of sales by other Fish & Co outlets (although
this particular factor is somewhat negated by the finding that Glass House
served a different market segment from the other Fish & Co outlets), and the
quality of food and service – all of which could have affected Fish & Co’s
sales apart from the Appellants’ breaches. Further, we agree with the
Appellants that, for the purposes of establishing a link between the breaches
and the damage, the Appellants’ conduct, the fact that loss of profits was a
reasonably foreseeable consequence of the breaches, as well as the fact that
MFM made financial gains were not relevant. As noted earlier, we also did not
find it safe to rely on industry-wide statistics.

50 Nevertheless, we accept that MFM’s entrance in the market (which was aided
by the Appellants’ breaches) would have caused _some_ loss to Fish & Co. We
disagree with the Appellants’ submissions regarding the significance of Fish &
Co’s performance during the Pre-Breach Period on the ground that, even if Fish
& Co’s performance during the Pre-Breach Period was not optimal, this did not
mean that it could not have done better during the Breach Period but for the
Appellants’ failure to observe the terms of the Settlement Deed.

51 Further, given the close proximity between Glass House and the MFM outlet
in Plaza Singapura, as well as the similarities between MFM and Fish & Co, it
was reasonable that the business attracted by MFM was partly drawn from Fish &
Co’s potential clientele. Indeed, before us, counsel for the Appellants
accepted that some loss was caused to Fish & Co as a result of the opening of
MFM. Although he qualified his opinion by stating that the loss of sales by
Fish & Co had nothing to do with the breaches of the Settlement Deed, we find
it difficult to distinguish strictly between the Appellants’ breaches of the
Settlement Deed and MFM’s entrance in the market as a legitimate competitor,
given the fact that the former aided the latter. If the Appellants did not
think that it stood to gain from the breaches, it would not have infringed the
terms of the Settlement Deed in the first place. Clearly, the inference to be
made is that the breaches resulted in a financial benefit to the Appellants.
Although the fact that the Appellants made financial gains was irrelevant to
establishing the issue of causation, in the context of the present
proceedings, where there are two similar rivals in the same market, we find
that the financial gains made by one could reasonably be translated as losses
to the other. In the circumstances therefore, we find that the Respondent had
discharged its burden of proving that the breaches of the Settlement Deed
resulted in its losses. The more pertinent legal issue, in our view, is the
quantum of damages that ought to be awarded to the Respondent – an issue to
which our attention now turns.

The issue of quantification

Some preliminary observations

52 It should be noted that the present appeals centre on the issue of damages
to be awarded in a purely contractual context. No arguments were made in
relation to the award of punitive damages or the award of damages pursuant to
the principles laid down in the seminal House of Lords decision in _Attorney-
General v Blake (Jonathan Cape Ltd Third Party)_ [2001] 1 AC 268 (“ _Blake_
”). This is perhaps understandable in light of the fact that both these areas
of the law of damages are still – to put it mildly – in a state of flux.

53 The first, in particular, is especially controversial. Although there is an
arguable case, in principle, for the award of punitive damages in contract law
(see, for example, Ralph Cunnington, “Should punitive damages be part of the
judicial arsenal in contract cases?” (2006) 26 Legal Studies 369 (“
_Cunnington_ ”) and Pey-Woan Lee, “Contract Damages, Corrective Justice and
Punishment” (2007) 70 MLR 887; though _cf_ Solène Rowan, “Reflections on the
Introduction of Punitive Damages for Breach of Contract” (2010) 30 OJLS 495),
the case law is itself inconclusive (see, for example, Andrew Phang and Pey-
Woan Lee, “Restitutionary and Exemplary Damages Revisited” (2003) 19 JCL 1 at
pp 21–31 and _Cunnington_ at pp 389-393). This is not surprising in view of
the radical as well as draconian nature of punitive damages themselves. The
position in Singapore is, not surprisingly, still an open one. In the
Singapore High Court decision of _CHS CPO GmbH (in bankruptcy) and another v
Vikas Goel and others_ [2005] 3 SLR(R) 202, it was observed thus (at
[65]–[66]):

65 ... Indeed, the rather limited circumstances under which exemplary damages
will be granted under English (and, presumably, Singapore) law appears to be
in a state of transition, even flux (compare, for example, the House of Lords
decisions of _Rookes v Barnard_ [1964] AC 1129 and _Cassell & Co Ltd v Broome_
[1972] AC 1027 on the one hand with both the House of Lords decision of
_Kuddus v Chief Constable of Leicestershire Constabulary_ [2002] 2 AC 122 and
the New Zealand Privy Council decision of _A v Bottrill_ [2003] 1 AC 449 on
the other; further reference may be made to the English Law Commission's
_Report on Aggravated, Exemplary and Restitutionary Damages_ (Law Com No 247,
1997)).

66 There is the yet further issue as to whether or not exemplary damages could
be awarded for cynical breaches of contract (see generally, for example, the
Canadian Supreme Court decision of _Whiten v Pilot Insurance Company_ (2002)
209 DLR (4th) 257). All these issues raise important questions of great import
but fall outside the purview of the present decision.

54 The second is less controversial, but no less problematic. Indeed, _Blake_
itself generated – not surprisingly, perhaps – a learned body of legal
literature of a magnitude that has been witnessed only occasionally (in this
regard, the account by Prof Graham Virgo in his book, _The Principles of the
Law of Restitution_ (Oxford University Press, 2nd Ed, 2006) (“ _Virgo_ ”), ch
17 furnishes an exceptionally clear and succinct overview of both the relevant
case law as well as legal literature). Put very simply, the principles set out
in _Blake_ permit the court to award damages to the plaintiff (in a situation
relating to the breach of a contract) on the basis of the gains or profits
made by the defendant even though the plaintiff could not otherwise be awarded
any damages based on traditional contractual principles (for example, because
there has been no difference in value of the contractual subject matter and,
hence, no justification for the award of expectation loss). Such damages
would, however, be awarded only in _exceptional_ cases. This category of
damages has sometimes been termed as “restitutionary damages”, although the
House in _Blake_ preferred to classify such an award on the basis of an
account of profits.

55 Apart from the various conceptual as well as (as referred to at the end of
the preceding paragraph) terminological difficulties, there are (concurrent)
practical difficulties as well in so far as the award of damages under the
principles set out in _Blake_ are concerned. In _Blake_ , for example, in the
leading judgment of Lord Nicholls of Birkenhead, the statement of principle
(at 284–285) does not really furnish concrete guidance as to when the power to
award such damages will arise. That the award of such damages is (as already
noted in the preceding paragraph) exceptional still leaves the (very
practical) issue as to _the criteria_ which will enable the court to ascertain
whether or not a given fact situation is indeed exceptional. Case law
developments since _Blake_ (see, for example the English Court of Appeal
decision of _Experience Hendrix LLC v PPX Enterprises Inc and another_ [2003]
1 All ER (Comm) 830 (noted in Pey-Woan Lee, “Responses to A Breach of
Contract” [2003] LMCLQ 301 (“ _Lee_ ”); Martin Graham, “Restitutionary
Damages: The Anvil Struck” (2004) 120 LQR 26 (“ _Graham_ ”); and David
Campbell and Philip Wylie, “Ain’t No Telling (Which Circumstances are
Exceptional)” (2003) 62 CLJ 605 (“ _Campbell and Wylie_ ”)) have also
suggested a _possible alternative_ approach that is premised not on a
restitutionary basis as such but, rather, on a compensatory one (centring on
the much discussed decision by Brightman J in the English High Court decision
of _Wrotham Park Estate Co Ltd v Parkside Homes Ltd and Others_ [1974] 1 WLR
798 (“ _Wrotham Park_ ”) (see also Robert J Sharpe and S M Waddams, “Damages
for lost opportunity to bargain” (1982) 2 OJLS 290); reference may also be
made to the recent Privy Council decision (on appeal from the Court of Appeal
of Jersey) of _Pell Frischmann Engineering Limited v Bow Valley Iran Limited_
[2010] BLR 73 (especially at [46]–[54])). However, it would appear that the
precise contours of this particular head of compensatory loss (as well as its
relationship with the established head of expectation loss) have yet to be
worked out fully (see, for example, _Virgo_ (at pp 490–492) as well as _Lee_ ;
_Graham_ ; and _Campbell and Wylie_). It might well be a difference of degree
rather than kind, at least in so far as the former consists in an attempt to
quantify compensatory damages by reference to the defendant’s gain (see _Lee_
(at pp 302–303) and, by the same author, “A New Model of Contractual
Compensation” [2006] LMCLQ 452 at p 453; _cf_ also Samuel Stoljar,
“Restitutionary Relief for Breach of Contract” (1989) 2 JCL 1 at pp 3–4). To
the extent, of course, that both heads are coincident, the head of damages
will, in substance, be based on orthodox principles of the common law of
contract (which centre on expectation loss).

56 It was probably the case that, in view of the flux demonstrably present in
the alternative approaches briefly summarised above, these approaches were not
(as already alluded to above at [52]) canvassed by the parties to the present
appeals. In the circumstances, we therefore turn, now, to consider the
arguments which were in fact canvassed before this court, and which centre on
the specific issues relating to both the correct methodology to apply as well
as the actual application of that methodology to the facts of the present
appeals themselves. We pause to note – parenthetically, however – that the
head of compensatory loss mentioned towards the end of the preceding paragraph
(centring on _Wrotham Park_) does bear some affinity to the established head
of expectation loss under the law of contract inasmuch as both are
compensatory in nature. However, as also noted in the preceding paragraph, the
precise contours of the former are still in a state of flux. We also pause to
note that even if we proceed on the premise that the quantum of damages to be
awarded in the present proceedings is related to a breach of confidence, that
breach would, in our view, be founded in an action for breach of _contract_
(see also _Virgo_ (at p 526)). The traditional remedies would take one of two
forms, _viz_ , an account of profits or restitutionary damages (see generally
_Virgo_ (at pp 527–529)). That having been said, it has also been observed
that “[s]ometimes compensatory damages may be awarded for breach of the
equitable duty of confidence” (see _Virgo_ (at p 527)). Indeed, the parties
proceeded very much – in substance at least – along these (compensatory)
lines. This would therefore be an appropriate juncture to turn to the various
methodologies concerned (in the context of the award of damages under orthodox
principles of the common law of contract). However, before proceeding to do
so, we pause to consider briefly a simple – yet fundamental – principle.

The law on certainty of damages

57 It will be apparent that the principal difficulty which we are faced with
in the present appeals is the difficulty of quantifying the Respondent’s
losses as a result of the Appellants’ breaches. This is because of the
numerous factors which could potentially affect the reasons for MFM’s success,
or the reasons for Fish & Co’s decline in sales. Given the difficulties in
ascertaining with certainty the extent of the Respondent’s losses, this court
can, as we observe below, only do the best that we can (based on the relevant
evidence before us). In this regard, the following observations in the
decision of this court in _Robertson Quay Investment Pte Ltd v Steen
Consultants Pte Ltd and another_ [2008] 2 SLR(R) 623 (“ _Robertson Quay_ ”)
(at [27]–[28] and [30]–[31]) are instructive:

27 ... [I]t is fundamental and trite that a plaintiff claiming damages must
prove his damage. ... The process of proving damage is an intensely factual
one. ... In the circumstances, it is impossible to lay down any _general_
rules or principles as to what constitutes adequate proof of damage since the
_particular_ factual circumstances can take, literally, a myriad of forms.

28 The law, however, does not demand that the plaintiff prove with complete
certainty the exact amount of damage that he has suffered. Thus, the learned
author of _McGregor on Damages_ continues as follows (at para 8-002):

[W]here it is clear that some substantial loss has been incurred, the fact
that an assessment is difficult because of the nature of the damage is no
reason for awarding no damages or merely nominal damages. As Vaughan Williams
L.J. put it in _Chaplin v Hicks_ [[1911] 2 KB 786], the leading case on the
issue of certainty: “The fact that damages cannot be assessed with certainty
does not relieve the wrongdoer of the necessity of paying damages.” _Indeed if
absolute certainty were required as to the precise amount of loss that the
claimant had suffered, no damages would be recovered at all in the great
number of cases. This is particularly true since so much of damages claimed
are in respect of prospective, and therefore necessarily contingent, loss_.
[emphasis added]

…

30 Accordingly, a court has to adopt a flexible approach with regard to the
proof of damage. Different occasions may call for different evidence with
regard to certainty of proof, depending on the circumstances of the case and
the nature of the damages claimed. … The correct approach that a court should
adopt is perhaps best summarised by Devlin J in the English High Court
decision of _Biggin & Co Ld v Permanite, Ld_ [1951] 1 KB 422 (“ _Biggin_ ”),
where he held (at 438) that:

[W]here precise evidence is obtainable, the court naturally expects to have
it. Where it is not, the court must do the best it can.

…

31 To summarise, a plaintiff cannot simply make a claim for damages without
placing before the court sufficient evidence of the loss it has suffered even
if it is otherwise entitled in principle to recover damages. On the other
hand, where the plaintiff has attempted its level best to prove its loss _and_
the evidence is cogent, the court should allow it to recover the damages
claimed. …

[emphasis in original]

58 With these principles in mind, we will now proceed to assess the
appropriate quantum of damages awardable to the Respondent as a result of the
Appellants’ breaches.

Our decision

59 Since the finding that Glass House was the only affected Fish & Co outlet
was not disputed by the Respondent in the present proceedings, we will not be
revisiting that issue; neither will we be revisiting the issue as to whether
Method A ought to be utilised as it is clearly inapplicable to the situation
that results from this particular finding.

60 We also agree with the Judge that Method C (which, it will be recalled, was
a modified version of Method A) ought not to be utilised. In this regard, we
accept the Respondent’s expert evidence that the parameters as set out by the
AR give rise to illogical results. In particular, the projected revenue of
Glass House was below its actual revenue in eight out of the 18 months, which
is inconsistent with the finding that the breaches of the Settlement Deed
caused losses to the Respondent. This suggests that the New Unaffected
Restaurants are affected by external factors and therefore cannot be relied
upon to project the estimated profits of the Glass House outlet. Therefore,
based on the figures derived from Method C, we would not know how Glass House
would have performed if the Appellants had not breached the Settlement Deed.

61 In so far as Method B is concerned, we agree with the Respondent that
Method B did not entail a claim for an account of profits. Method B starts
with the premise that, had MFM not breached the Settlement Deed, part of MFM’s
profits would have gone to Fish & Co. Method B translates MFM’s sales into
what Fish & Co would have earned, taking into account its profits and cost
structure. Hence, an application of Method B does not purport to transfer
MFM’s profits to Fish & Co, but, instead, utilises MFM’s sales to estimate
Fish & Co’s loss of profits. This is essentially still a loss-based approach,
and does not relate to an account of profits.

62 Turning to consider Method B itself, unlike Methods A and C, Method B does
not involve predicting the Glass House outlet’s sales based on the performance
of other Fish & Co outlets, thereby eliminating the problem of external
factors affecting the performance of the other Fish & Co outlets. On the other
hand, we acknowledge that Method B shares similar difficulties as Methods A
and C because it also involves an educated guess as to the impact of other
factors affecting the performance of both Fish & Co and MFM, for example, the
relative quality of food and services. Further, Method B does not consider to
what extent Fish & Co had the capacity to absorb MFM’s sales. Mr Samuel
himself was also unable to determine what proportion of MFM’s revenue was
attributable to the breaches and simply utilised a range of percentages to
calculate a range of loss of profits suffered by Fish & Co (see above at
[25]). Therefore, such factors must be taken into account if Method B is
employed in the context of the facts of the present appeals. That having been
said, and bearing in mind the fact that damages are not ascertained in an
abstract vacuum but must _necessarily_ involve considering many other factors
that ought _not_ to be taken into account for the purposes of the assessment
of damages but _are simultaneously_ present in the context of the entire
factual matrix before the court, _some_ educated guesses _have_ to be made –
_regardless_ of the precise methodology ultimately adopted by the court. To
state this is merely to acknowledge the very real fact that life is far more
complex than simple law school hypotheticals and even textbooks would have us
believe. However, that has never prevented the courts from awarding what, in
their view, were just and fair sums to plaintiffs if the legal rules and
principles justified them. Indeed, as we have acknowledged (realistically)
above (at [57]), the court will simply do the best that it can, having regard
to all the circumstances before it. This is therefore precisely what we will
attempt to do in the context of the present proceedings. However (and running
slightly ahead of the story), it will be demonstrated that Method B need _not_
be utilised in the context of the present proceedings for reasons which we
will now elaborate upon.

63 In our view, the logical starting-point is to examine the _basic premises_
upon which the Judge made her award. This is of the first importance simply
because a correct set of premises will, _ceteris paribus_ , lead to a just and
fair assessment of the damages to be awarded. The contrary (and, we would add,
undesirable) result would follow from an incorrect set of premises. Returning
to the facts of the present proceedings, it is clear, in our view, that the
Judge had regard to the following premises. In particular, she was acutely
aware of the fact that, of all the Fish & Co outlets, Glass House was the
worst in terms of business performance. However, the Judge was _equally_ aware
of the fact that _sweeping generalisations had to be eschewed_. To this end,
she examined closely the _particular_ facts surrounding Glass House’s
performance during the material periods (_viz_ , the Post-Breach Period and
(especially) the Breach Period). In this regard, the Appellants’ argument that
Glass House had been facing a situation of declining gross sales during the
latter period, whilst _literally_ correct, was, with respect, rather
misleading. What the Judge was concerned with were not the absolute figures as
such but, rather, the _general trend_ of these gross sales. Looked at in this
light, she must have been of the view (at least implicitly) that _Glass House
had reversed the general trend_ of declining gross sales prior to the Breach
Period. In particular, we note that the Respondent had submitted evidence of
such a reversal during the Pre-Breach Period. Instead, during the period
between February 2006 and January 2007 (which constituted much of the (actual)
Breach Period itself), Fish & Co had suffered further declines.

64 Having established that Fish & Co had arrested the general trend of
declining gross sales, the Judge then proceeded to hold that, in so far as the
quantum of positive gross sales which Fish & Co would have made (but for the
Appellants’ breaches) were concerned, it was “logical to infer that if the
[Appellants] had not committed the breach, [Fish & Co’s] sales would be, _at
least_ , in line with _the industry’s trend of 12 per cent during the [Breach
Period]_ ” [emphasis added] (see the Judgment at [56]). In the circumstances,
the Judge held thus (see _id_):

As the Glass House outlet’s monthly sales percentage year on year change at
current prices during the breach period is -4%, there is a 16% gap between the
former and the industry index. For [Fish & Co] to be in line with the
industry, Glass House outlet’s sales would have to increase by 16%. Using the
methodology of Method B, loss of profits calculation ought to be based on 16%
of MFM’s sales during the period. In my view, the approach adopted is a
rational basis for assessing los[t] profits for it will in some way alleviate
the speculative element in the exercise. To award a percentage of sales higher
than 16% of MFM’s sales would introduce the influence of factors other than
the breach that has a bearing on the loss of profits.

65 Although there is great attraction, at first blush, in the approach adopted
by the Judge (as briefly described above), we are of the view that there are,
with the greatest respect, difficulties with the premises upon which that
particular approach rested. This is not surprising for, as we shall see, the
available evidence on which to base an award of damages in the present
proceedings is far from satisfactory. Not surprisingly, therefore, the Judge
could only do the best she could. However, after reflecting carefully on the
entire evidence as viewed in its context, we are of the view that the
inclusion of the industry’s trend of 12 per cent by the Judge could not be
justified on the available evidence. In point of fact, on the Respondent’s own
evidence as well as statistics, whilst there was a reversal of the general
trend of declining gross sales for Glass House, there is no evidence – one way
or the other – that demonstrates (on a balance of probabilities) that Glass
House would in fact have achieved that level of monthly sales. As noted above,
it is axiomatic that any given award of damages must be based on the requisite
evidence (which satisfies, _inter alia_ , the elements of causation as well).

66 We are also of the view that, whilst it is conceptually possible to base an
award of (compensatory) damages in contract law on the profits that have been
made by the defendant, this should only be done in exceptional situations.
Ideally, though, such an award ought to be based on _the plaintiff’s own loss_
rather than (as the Judge did in adopting Method B) by _measuring_ it by
reference to _the defendant’s gains or profits_. The specific issue that
arises immediately from this is whether or not there exists sufficient
evidence for this court to ascertain – as best as it can – _the plaintiff’s
own loss_. Only in a situation where this was not possible should the court
then have recourse to an award of damages by reference to the defendant’s
gains or profits.

67 Looked at in this light, we are of the view, with respect, that the use of
Method B was _not_ necessary as there was, in our view, sufficient evidence
that would provide this court with an adequate (and reasoned) basis for
ascertaining _the plaintiff’s (ie, the Respondent’s) own loss_. Let us
elaborate.

68 Based on the Respondent’s own evidence, Glass House had reversed the
general trend of declining gross sales (having regard essentially to three
data points, _viz_ , the gross sales for the period between February 2003 and
January 2004, the period between February 2004 and January 2005, and the
period between February 2005 and January 2006[note: 5]), even prior to the
Breach Period. More importantly for the purposes of the present appeals, the
Respondent submitted that for the period _between February 2006 and January
2007, its predicted or projected percentage change in expected gross sales was
-0.38 per cent_.[note: 6] Whilst it is true that three data points are, from a
strict statistical perspective, inadequate for predicting a _precise_ trend,
given the relative dearth of information but accepting (as the Judge did) the
fact that there was an upward trend in so far as the actual gross sales by
Glass House were concerned (an increase of 2.69 percentage points in the
annual rate of change in gross sales[note: 7]), we are prepared to accept this
predicted or projected percentage change in expected gross sales (which is
nevertheless lower than what the Judge accepted (which included the industry’s
trend of 12 per cent)). We pause to emphasise, once again, that this court
will attempt the best it can, bearing in mind the fact that the assessment of
damages is not (in most instances) a precise scientific exercise (see above at
[57]). Turning, then, to the period between February 2006 and January 2007, we
note that this particular period covers, in fact, much of the Breach Period
(two thirds of it, to be precise). The _remaining_ period _not_ covered would
comprise the period _between August 2005 and January 2006_ (a total of _six
months_). Returning, however, to the period between February 2006 and January
2007, it is clear that – based on a predicted or projected percentage change
of -0.38 per cent – the _predicted or projected gross sales would have
totalled $2,803,911.82_ (this is based on applying the relevant predicted or
projected percentage change (of -0.38 per cent) to the actual gross sales
during the _preceding period (between February 2005 and January 2006), which
totalled $2,814,607.33_[note: 8]). Given the fact that the _actual_ gross
sales of Glass House for that same period were _$2,682,173.27_ ,[note: 9]
there is _a difference (in gross sales) of $121,738.55_ (_ie_ , $2,803,911.82
– $2,682,173.27). However, – and this is a _crucial_ question – _what
percentage_ of this difference would have represented _Glass House’s profits_?
In this particular regard, we note that although before us the Appellants
challenged the relevance of Method B, they did not challenge Mr Samuel’s
calculation that the variable profit margin was 52.38 per cent (see above at
[26]). In our view, it would not be inappropriate to apply this same profit
margin to arrive at _Glass House’s predicted or projected profits which were
lost as a result of the Appellants’ breaches_. Applying, therefore, a profit
margin of 52.38 per cent to the sum of $121,738.55, this would give a figure
of _$63,766.65 in so far as Glass House’s loss of profits were concerned
during this particular period_ (_viz_ , between February 2006 and January
2007) (_ie_ , $121,738. 55 × 52.38 per cent).

69 However, the period between February 2006 and January 2007 does _not_
represent the _entire_ Breach Period. What, then, about Glass House’s
predicted or projected loss of profits during the _remaining period (between
August 2005 and January 2006, a total of six months)_? It is not unreasonable,
in our view, to assume _the same rate of profits during this last mentioned
period as well_. In the circumstances, therefore, the predicted or projected
loss of profits between August 2005 and January 2006 (a total period of _six
months_) could be estimated to be _half_ of the predicted or projected loss of
profits for the period between February 2006 and January 2007 (a total period
of _twelve months_). This would give us a total of _$31,883.33_ (_ie_ ,
$63,766.65 ÷ 2).

70 _To summarise, during the Breach Period, the total loss of predicted or
expected profits experienced by Glass House would be $95,649.98_ (_ie_ ,
$63,766.65 + $31,883.33). This amount would, in our view, represent _the
amount of damages the Respondent would be entitled to in respect of the
breaches by the Appellants during the Breach Period_.

71 We turn now to consider the issue of the loss suffered by the Respondent
during the _Post_ -Breach Period in general and whether or not such loss was
too _remote_ in particular. If, in fact, the loss was not too remote, we would
then need to ascertain the requisite _quantum_ of damages to be awarded.

The issue of remoteness

The law on remoteness of damage

Introduction

72 The law relating to remoteness of damage in the law of contract was
hitherto unique inasmuch as it had – with a few refinements over the years –
remained as it was for approximately 150 years in both England as well as in
Singapore. Indeed, such a situation of relative stability is rarely to be
found, especially given the nature and development of the common law in
general and the law of contract in particular. The principles of remoteness of
damage, which find their seminal formulation in the statement of principle by
Alderson B in the celebrated English decision of _Hadley v Baxendale_ (1854) 9
Exch 341; 165 ER 145 (“ _Hadley_ ”) (at 354-355 and 151, respectively), were
(as just mentioned) refined (albeit without any radical changes) over the next
150 years (see generally the decision of this court in _Robertson Quay_ (at
[52]-[61]), which also confirmed the applicability of the principles in
_Hadley_ in so far as Singapore is concerned). For the purposes of this
judgment, all subsequent references to _Hadley_ (and, in particular, the two
limbs set out by Alderson B in that decision) will be taken to include all
later refinements as explained in _Robertson Quay_ (see generally _id_).

The Achilleas

73 However, a mere four months after the decision of this court in _Robertson
Quay_ was handed down, the House of Lords handed down its decision in
_Transfield Shipping Inc v Mercator Shipping Inc_ [2009] 1 AC 61 (“ _The
Achilleas_ ”). As we shall see, Lord Hoffmann introduced, in the latter case,
an apparently new legal criterion to the existing law, _viz_ , whether or not
the defendant concerned had _assumed responsibility_ for the loss which had
occurred as a result of its breach (and see the important essay (to the same
effect) by Adam Kramer, “An Agreement-Centred Approach to Remoteness and
Contract Damages” in _Comparative Remedies for Breach of Contract_ (Hart
Publishing, 2005) (Nili Cohen & Ewan McKendrick eds) ch 12 at p 249 (“
_Kramer_ ”); reference may also be made to the case note on _The Achilleas_ by
the same author, “The New Test of Remoteness in Contract” (2009) 125 LQR 408
which, not surprisingly perhaps, endorses the approach advocated by Lord
Hoffmann in _The Achilleas_).

74 This is the first occasion that this court has had to consider the approach
advocated by Lord Hoffmann in _The Achilleas_ , although there have been two
learned judgments in the Singapore High Court in _Chee Peng Kwan and Another v
Toh Swee Hwee Thomas and Others_ [2009] SGHC 141 (“ _Chee Peng Kwan_ ”) and
_Thode Gerd Walter v Mintwell Industry Pte Ltd and others_ [2010] SGHC 33 (“
_Thode Gerd Walter_ ”), which have, in fact, considered _The Achilleas_ , and
which we will have occasion to refer to at appropriate points later in this
judgment. Indeed, both these aforementioned judgments noted that this court
had not hitherto had the opportunity to consider the approach advocated by
Lord Hoffmann in _The Achilleas_ (see _Chee Peng Kwan_ (at [35]) and _Thode
Gerd Walter_ (at [71])), and it is therefore appropriate, in our view, to
consider this approach in the present proceedings to clarify what the legal
position is precisely in the Singapore context. Let us turn now to the facts
and holdings in _The Achilleas_ itself.

75 In _The Achilleas_ , the plaintiff shipowners (“the shipowners”) had
chartered their vessel to the defendant charterers (“the charterers”) at a
rate of US$16,750 per day. Redelivery of the vessel was scheduled for 2 May
2004. In April 2004, as the market hire rates had risen dramatically, the
shipowners fixed a follow-on time charter with another company (“C”) at a rate
of US$39,500 per day (with C having the right to cancel the charter if the
vessel was not made available by 8 May 2004). As it turned out, the
charterer’s final voyage was in fact delayed. By 5 May 2004, the shipowners
realised that their vessel would not be returned by 8 May 2004. Unfortunately,
the market hire rate at that particular point in time had fallen sharply. In
order to persuade C to extend the latest delivery date from 8 May 2004 to 11
May 2004, the shipowners had to agree to a reduced rate of hire of $31,500 per
day. Significantly, the charterers had not been put on notice of the existence
of the shipowners’ follow-on charter with C at any time prior to delivery of
the vessel.

76 The shipowners claimed damages for breach of contract from the charterers
for loss of the difference between the original rate agreed upon between the
shipowners and C (of US$39,500 per day) and the reduced rate (of US$31,500 per
day) _over the period of the follow-on time charter itself_ (which period
comprised 191 days). The total amount of damages claimed, therefore, amounted
to US$1,364,584.37.

77 In contrast, the charterers argued that the shipowners were entitled only
to the difference between the market rate and the charter rate for the period
during which the latter were deprived of the use of the vessel (which period
comprised 9 days). This amounted to only US$158,301.17.

78 The arbitrators held (by a majority) in favour of the shipowners, finding
that the loss fell within the first limb in _Hadley_. They arrived at this
decision _notwithstanding_ the fact that the understanding of _the shipping
industry or market_ did _not_ consider such loss (_ie_ , loss based on the
difference between the original and reduced rates as argued by the shipowners)
to be recoverable, with liability restricted (as the charterers had argued) to
the difference between the market rate and the charter rate for the overrun
period. The English Court of Appeal affirmed that decision. However, on
appeal, the House of Lords held, instead, in favour of the charterers and
allowed the appeal. Nonetheless, the _specific reasons_ given by the various
law lords differed. It is nevertheless clear that the most significant – and
radical – part of the decision lay (as already alluded to above) in the
judgment of Lord Hoffmann. The learned law lord was not content with the
traditional approach in _Hadley_. He added (relying on his views in the House
of Lords decision of _South Australia Asset Management Corporation v York
Montague Ltd_ [1997] AC 191 (“ _South Australia_ ”), which did not, however,
deal directly with the issue of remoteness of damage in contract as such) a
_new legal criterion_ based on the concept of _assumption of responsibility_
by the defendant. Put simply, if this additional criterion was not satisfied,
the loss concerned would be considered to be too remote and, hence, not
recoverable by the plaintiff. In Lord Hoffmann’s words (at [12]):

It seems to me logical to found liability for damages upon the intention of
the parties (_objectively ascertained_) because all contractual liability is
_voluntarily undertaken_. It must be in principle wrong to hold someone liable
for risks for which the people entering into such a contract in their
particular market, would not _reasonably_ be considered to have undertaken.
[emphasis added]

79 Earlier on in his judgment, though, Lord Hoffmann did frame the issue
facing him, as follows (at [9]):

The case therefore raises a fundamental point of principle in the law of
contractual damages: is the rule that a party may recover losses which were
foreseeable (“not unlikely”) **_an external rule of law, imposed upon the
parties to every contract in default of express provision to the contrary_** ,
**_or_** _is_** _it a prima facie assumption_** _about what the parties may be
taken to have intended_ , no doubt **_applicable_** _in the_** _great
majority_** of cases **_but capable of rebuttal_** _in cases in which the
context, surrounding circumstances or general understanding in the relevant
market shows that a party would_** _not reasonably_** _have been regarded
as_** _assuming responsibility_** _for such losses?_ [emphasis added in
italics and bold italics]

As we shall see below, the above framing of the issue is significant inasmuch
as it raises, _inter alia_ , the question as to what constitutes an external
rule of law (see below at [108]) and (perhaps more importantly) whether or
not, by phrasing his proposed legal proposition as only “a prima facie
assumption”, Lord Hoffmann may well have adopted a “soft version” of his
suggested principle which may turn out, in the final analysis, to be no
different (in substance, at least) from the traditional rules as embodied in
_Hadley_ – a point which we will consider below (at [101]).

80 One final point of note may be made with regard to Lord Hoffmann’s
judgment. The learned law lord drew an analogy (at [11] and [26]) between his
proposed principle of assumption of responsibility with _the implication of
terms_ (both of which, in his view, are centred on the _interpretation or
construction_ of the contract concerned). This is also an important point
which we will deal with in more detail below (at [97]–[100]).

81 The other judgments in _The Achilleas_ are also interesting because, as
alluded to above, they demonstrate a variety of other approaches.

82 Lord Hope of Craighead appears to have endorsed the approach advocated by
Lord Hoffmann; in his view (at [30]–[31]):

30 ... The critical question however is whether the parties must be assumed to
have contracted with each other on the basis that the charterers were
_assuming responsibility_ for the consequences of that event. ...

31 _Assumption of responsibility_ , which _forms the basis_ of the law of
remoteness of damage in contract, is determined by _more than_ what at the
time of the contract was reasonably foreseeable.

[emphasis added]

83 The learned law lord also observed thus (at [32]):

The fact that the loss was foreseeable – the kind of result that the parties
would have had in mind, as the majority arbitrators put it – is _not_ the
test. _Greater precision is needed than that_. The question is whether the
loss was a type of loss for which the party can _reasonably_ be assumed to
have _assumed responsibility_. [emphasis added]

84 _However_ , Lord Rodger of Earlsferry adopted a _quite different_ approach.
Put simply, the learned law lord endorsed and applied the _traditional_
principles as embodied in _Hadley_ (see especially at [47]–[48] and [52]), and
did “not [find] it necessary to explore the issues concerning [_South
Australia_] ... and assumption of responsibility, which ... Lord Hoffmann ...
has raised” (see at [63]). In the context of that case, the learned law lord
was of the view (at [53]) that “the extent of the relevant rise and fall in
the market within a short time was actually _unusual_ ” [emphasis added] and
that “[t]he owners’ loss stemmed from that _unusual occurrence_ ” [emphasis
added]. In the circumstances, the loss was, in his view, too remote to fall
within the _first limb_ of _Hadley_. However, Lord Rodger did point out (at
[59]) that, if there had been the requisite knowledge pursuant to the _second
limb_ of _Hadley_ , the result might well have been different:

[T]he position on damages might also be different, if, for example – when a
charterparty was entered into – the owners drew the charterers’ attention to
the existence of a forward charter of many months’ duration for which the
vessel had to be delivered on a particular date. The charterers would know
that a failure to redeliver the vessel in time to allow the owners to deliver
it under that charter would be liable to result in the loss of that fixture.
Then the _second rule or limb_ in _Hadley v Baxendale might well come into
play. But the point does not arise in this case_. [emphasis added]

Hindsight is, of course, “twenty-twenty vision”, bearing in mind the
requirement that the requisite knowledge under the second limb of _Hadley_
must be communicated _at or prior to the formation of the contract_ itself.
However, that means – on a _practical_ level – that, if the parties (in
particular, the plaintiff) desire such an eventuality to be covered, then they
ought to do so _via_ the _express terms_ of the contract itself (see also
below at [119]). We also note that commentators have expressed the view that
Lord Rodger’s approach, whilst taking into account the distinction that has
hitherto been drawn by the courts (indeed, in _The Achilleas_ itself) between
the type of loss and the extent of loss, ought to have arrived at the
_opposite_ result as what was not reasonably contemplated was the _extent_ of
the loss and _not_ (as Lord Rodger thought (at [60])) the _type_ of loss (see
below at [114]).

85 Lord Walker of Gestingthorpe referred to the principles laid down in
_Hadley_. However, it is not altogether clear whether the learned law lord
based his decision (to allow the appeal, as did the rest of the House) on
these principles _only or also_ on Lord Hoffmann’s principle of assumption of
responsibility. Indeed, Lord Walker concluded his judgment (with respect,
somewhat _ambiguously_) thus (at [87]):

For these reasons, _and for the further reasons given by my noble and learned
friends, Lord Hoffmann, Lord Hope of Craighead_ and Lord Rodger of Earlsferry,
whose opinions I have had the advantage of reading in draft, I would allow
this appeal. [emphasis added]

86 Finally, Baroness Hale of Richmond preferred to base her decision on the
(traditional) principles laid down in _Hadley_. Indeed, in her view (at [90]),
“[n]o one has suggested that it was at all unusual or unlikely for the owners
to commit their ship to a new fixture to begin as soon as possible after the
ship was free from the first” and that “[i]t was conceded before the
arbitrators that missing dates for a subsequent fixture was a “not unlikely”
result of late redelivery”; indeed, “[b]oth parties would have been well aware
of that at the time when the contract was made” and that “[t]hey would also
have been well aware that a new charter was likely to commit that particular
ship rather than to allow the ship-owner to go into the market and find a
substitute to fulfil his next commitment if his ship was late back”. Baroness
Hale then proceeded to observe thus (see _id_):

Above all, if the parties wish to exclude liability for consequential loss of
this kind then it will be very simple to insert such a clause into future
charterparties. ... To rule out a whole class of loss, simply because the
parties had not previously thought about it, risks as much uncertainty and
injustice as letting it in.

87 In light of the views expressed in the preceding paragraph, the decision by
Baroness Hale to allow the appeal as she did must have been taken with no
small measure of reluctance. What _is_ clear is that she thought (at [93])
that the approach advocated by Lord Hoffmann added “an interesting _but novel_
dimension to the way in which the question of remoteness of damage in contract
is to be answered, a dimension _which does not clearly emerge from the classic
authorities_ ” [emphasis added]. Baroness Hale was clearly not in favour of it
and premised her decision (like Lord Rodger) on the more traditional approach;
in her words, in so far as the principle of assumption of responsibility was
concerned, it depended on a wider range of factors and value judgments and
could thus introduce much room for argument in other contractual contexts (see
_id_):

In an examination, this might well make the difference between a
congratulatory and an ordinary first class answer to the question. But despite
the excellence of counsels’ arguments it was not explored before us, although
it is explored in academic textbooks and other writings, including those cited
by Lord Hoffmann in para 11 of his opinion. I note, however, that the most
recent of these, Professor Robertson’s article on “The basis of the remoteness
rule in contract” (2008) 28 Legal Studies 172 argues strongly to the contrary.
_I am not immediately attracted to the idea of introducing into the law of
contract the concept of the scope of duty which has perforce had to be
developed in the law of negligence_. The rule in _Hadley v Baxendale_ asks
what the parties must be taken to have had in their contemplation, rather than
what they actually had in their contemplation, but the criterion by which this
is judged is a factual one. _Questions of assumption of risk depend upon a
wider range of factors and value judgments_. This type of reasoning is, as
Lord Steyn put it in _Aneco Reinsurance Underwriting Ltd v Johnson & Higgins
Ltd_ [2002] 1 Lloyd’s Rep 157, 186, a “deus ex machina”. _Although its result
in this case may be to bring about certainty and clarity in this particular
market, such an imposed limit on liability could easily be at the expense of
justice in some future case. It could also introduce much room for argument in
other contractual contexts. Therefore, if this appeal is to be allowed, as to
which I continue to have doubts, I would prefer it to be allowed on the
narrower ground identified by Lord Rodger, leaving the wider ground to be
fully explored in another case and another context_. [emphasis added]

88 So much by way of a summary of the various judgments in _The Achilleas_
itself. We turn now to the very important issue as to whether or not the
approach advocated by Lord Hoffmann in that case ought to be adopted in the
_Singapore_ context.

The Achilleas considered (with special reference to Singapore)

89 With respect, we do _not_ think that the approach advocated by Lord
Hoffmann in _The Achilleas_ ought to be followed and that its appearance after
_Robertson Quay_ therefore has no effect on the latter decision. Put simply,
the two limbs set out in _Hadley_ (as elaborated upon and explained in
_Robertson Quay_ itself) continue to be the governing principles in relation
to the doctrine of remoteness of damage in contract law in the Singapore
context. There are a number of reasons for adopting this position which we now
proceed to elaborate upon.

(1) _The Achilleas_ – some difficulties

(a) Problems with the ratio decidendi of _The Achilleas_

90 First, and from the most basic perspective, the approach advocated by Lord
Hoffmann was – arguably, at least -_not_ adopted (either unanimously or by a
majority) by the House _and_ hence did not constitute the _ratio decidendi_ of
the case itself (and see Harvey McGregor QC, in his leading textbook,
_McGregor on Damages_ (Sweet & Maxwell, 18th Ed, 2009) (“ _McGregor_ ”) at
para 6-173, who also cites Lord Walker’s view in the (_subsequent_) Privy
Council decision (on appeal from the Court of Appeal of Bahamas) of _Sentinel
International Ltd v Cordes_ [2008] UKPC 60, where the learned law lord
observed (at [50]) that “a contractual claim for damages for loss of a bargain
is _not_ of course subject to the … principle [in _South Australia_]”
[emphasis added]). This last-mentioned point is significant because it is, on
one reading at least, unclear whether Lord Walker was, in _The Achilleas_ ,
adopting Lord Hoffmann’s approach or the more traditional approach as embodied
in the principles in _Hadley_ itself (see also above at [85] as well as _Thode
Gerd Walter_ (at [70])). That having been said, the precise effect of Lord
Walker’s (with respect) ambiguous statements in _The Achilleas_ on the precise
_ratio decidendi_ in that particular case remain controversial, with some
commentators being of the (contrary) view that, on balance, those statements
are in line with Lord Hoffmann’s approach (see, for example, Paul C K Wee,
“Contractual interpretation and remoteness” [2010] LMCLQ 150 (“ _Wee_ ”) at pp
156-157, which, in our view, is one of the more perceptive of the (not
surprisingly) many articles analysing _The Achilleas_). Indeed, the only clear
proposition that can be proffered in this particular regard is that there is
probably _no clear ratio decidendi_ as such that can be deduced from a perusal
of the written judgments handed down by the various law lords in _The
Achilleas_ (see also generally Greg Gordon, “ _Hadley v Baxendale_ Revisited:
_Transfield Shipping Inc v Mercator Shipping Inc_ ” (2009) 13 Edinburgh L Rev
125).

91 In a related vein, it is also worth pointing to the fact that there is some
(weighty) authority to the _contrary_ in an earlier (and leading) House of
Lords decision of _Koufos v C Czarnikow Ltd_ [1969] 1 AC 350 (“ _The Heron II_
”) (at 422, _per_ Lord Upjohn (a point also noted by AR Teo Guan Siew (“AR
Teo”) in _Chee Peng Kwan_ (at [36]) as well as by AR Peh Aik Hin (“AR Peh”) in
_Thode Gerd Walter_ (at [70]); reference may also be made to the observation
of Rix LJ at the Court of Appeal stage of _The Achilleas_ (see _Transfield
Shipping Inc v Mercator Shipping Inc (The “Achilleas”)_ [2007] 2 Lloyd’s Rep
555 at [115]) as well as M G Bridge, _The Sale of Goods_ (Oxford University
Press, 2nd Ed, 2009) (“ _Bridge_ ”) at p 762)). However, leaving aside for the
moment issues centring on what the precise _ratio decidendi_ in _The
Achilleas_ is (as well as the related issue as to the relevant prior
(especially House of Lords) authority to the contrary), let us consider the
approach advocated by Lord Hoffmann in _The Achilleas_ on its own terms. Even
here, there are, with the greatest of respect, a number of both theoretical as
well as practical difficulties with his suggested approach. Let us elaborate.

(B) Theoretical and conceptual difficulties

92 There are, first, very fundamental _theoretical or conceptual_ difficulties
with the approach advocated by Lord Hoffmann. As a learned author perceptively
observes (see _Wee_ at p 158):

The view preferred here is that the agreement-centred approach as accepted in
_The Achilleas_ is best understood not as an approach to remoteness, but as
embodying an approach to interpretation. Remoteness is traditionally regarded
as a doctrine which limits and cuts back _prima facie_ liability. However,
under the agreement-centred approach, _prima facie_ liability is never cut
back. If limits on the scope of contractual duties can be distilled through
the ordinary process of interpretation, as Lord Hoffmann contends ... , then
the claimant is always “to be placed in the same situation, with respect to
damages, as if the contract had been performed”, where the meaning of “the
contract” is properly construed. There are no limits on the fulfilment of the
claimant’s (properly construed) expectation interest. Consequently, under the
agreement-centred approach, there is no independent role for remoteness.

93 Put simply, the approach advocated by Lord Hoffmann is not only
conceptually distinct from – but also appears to exclude the operation of –
the very doctrine of remoteness of damage in contract law itself. In this
regard, the observation made in the preceding paragraph is a perceptive one,
although, as we will point out below (at [101]-[107]), it might in fact be
possible to achieve a _balance_ between both approaches inasmuch as the
concept of assumption of responsibility by the defendant (which is the basis
of Lord Hoffmann’s approach) might be considered as _having already been
embodied or incorporated within the existing doctrine of remoteness of damage
in contract law (which, of course, comprises, in essence, the two limbs in_
Hadley _)_.

(C) Uncertainty in application

94 The approach advocated by Lord Hoffmann is also, with respect, unconvincing
when viewed from a _practical_ perspective. As was perceptively (as well as
succinctly) observed in _McGregor_ (at para 6-171):

What Lord Hoffmann and Lord Hope propose is full of difficulty, uncertainty
and impracticality. How are we to tell what subjectively the contracting
parties were thinking about assumption of responsibility? When contracting,
assumption of responsibility was probably not in their minds at all, for it is
well known that parties entering a contract are thinking of its performance
rather than of its breach. Apart from this uncertainty there is the
impracticality of allowing defendants to raise the issue, as they will surely
do, in case after case as an extra argument, thereby taking up the time of the
courts unnecessarily and making the arriving at settlements more difficult.

95 Prof Andrew Robertson also points, pertinently in our view, to the fact
that “typically there is no factual basis for judging the intentions of the
parties” (see Andrew Robertson, “The basis of the remoteness rule in contract”
(2008) 28 Legal Studies 172 (“ _Robertson_ ”) at p 185; reference may also be
made to Edwin Peel, “Remoteness Revisited” (2009) 125 LQR 6 (“ _Peel_ ”) at p
11 and _Bridge_ at pp 761–762) – a point which was also emphasised (in a
judicial context) in _Chee Peng Kwan_ (at [36]). Indeed, in another perceptive
observation, Steve McAuley observed thus (see “Transfield Shipping Inc v
Mercator Shipping Inc” (2010) 38 ABLR 65 (“ _McAuley_ ”) at p 66):

While, in the _Transfield_ decision, Lords Hoffman[n] and Hope seemingly
applied the “assumed responsibility test” with relative ease in finding that
the charterers did not assume responsibility for the owners’ loss relating to
the new charter, the reasons given as to why the charterers did not assume
responsibility are _somewhat arbitrary_. In this regard, Lord Hoffman[n]
cites, first, the “unquantifiable” nature of the loss claimed and, secondly,
the capacity of the owners to decide whether or not to enter into a new
charter prior to the vessel being returned. Both reasons given by Lord
Hoffman[n] do _not_ involve a detailed examination of the parties’ assumed
responsibilities at the time of entering the contract, _but instead involve a
degree of arbitrariness on the part of the fact-finder in determining what
were the assumed responsibilities of the parties_.

This is not to say that the decision in _Transfield_ was the wrong decision.
What is being argued is that _the “assumed responsibility test” could be a
mechanism used by the courts to achieve what the courts consider a just
outcome, rather than requiring the courts to engage in an analysis of what
types of losses the parties actually assumed responsibility for_.

[emphasis added]

96 Indeed, in so far as Lord Hoffmann’s reason centring on the unquantifiable
nature of the loss claimed is concerned, a learned author pertinently observes
(see _Wee_ at p 165), “the courts have never before denied recovery for losses
on the basis that they are unquantifiable or unpredictable” and that “[o]n the
contrary, unpredictability or unquantifiability has repeatedly been no bar to
recovery whatsoever”. In point of fact, the very nature of the concept of
damages itself is premised on the fact that the monetary loss is, _ex
hypothesi_ , unliquidated to begin with.

97 Returning to the passage quoted from _McGregor_ (above at [94]), as that
particular passage pithily emphasises, the “assumption of responsibility”
(_ie_ , Lord Hoffmann’s phraseology in _The Achilleas_) is _not_ something
which the parties have, _ex hypothesi_ , had the opportunity to think about,
let alone discuss at the time they entered into the contract (see also _Thode
Gerd Walter_ (at [68])). Hence, Lord Hoffmann’s analogy (in _The Achilleas_)
to the doctrine of _the implied term_ (see above at [80]) is – looked at in
this particular light – not inapposite. However, it should be emphasised that
the doctrine of the implied term is itself one of _last resort_. As was aptly
and pithily observed by the late R E Megarry, an implied term is “so often the
last desperate resort of counsel in distress” (see R E Megarry, _Miscellany-
at-Law_ (Stevens & Sons Limited, 1955) at p 210; and cited by this court in
_Panwah Steel Pte Ltd v Koh Brothers Building & Civil Engineering Contractor
(Pte) Ltd_ [2006] 4 SLR(R) 571 at [8]). Herein, in fact, lies the difficulty
with the adoption of the approach advocated by Lord Hoffmann in _The
Achilleas_ : The formulation of legal rules and principles governing
remoteness of damage in contract law is (as we elaborate upon below at [107])
intended to furnish lawyers, courts and students alike with _general
guidance_. Put simply, these rules and principles are _not_ intended as mere
ad hoc, gap-filling measures.

98 It is interesting to note, at this juncture, that the broad underlying
thread of _interpretation_ which Lord Hoffmann utilises in advocating his
approach centring on assumption of responsibility by the defendant (a point
perceptively made by _Wee_ (above at [92])) has _also_ been utilised by the
learned law lord in the area of implied terms as well (in particular, to terms
implied _in fact_) – hence, the analogy drawn by Lord Hoffmann between both
these aforementioned areas. However, and with the greatest of respect, the
uncertainty generated in the latter area would, in our view, apply equally to
the former area. In the recent Privy Council decision (on appeal from the
Court of Appeal of Belize) of _Attorney General of Belize and others v Belize
Telecom Limited and another_ [2009] 1 WLR 1988, for example, Lord Hoffmann,
delivering the judgment of the Board, adopted an extremely broad approach
towards the implication of terms in fact, effectively _effacing_ the
distinction between the time-honoured “business efficacy” and “officious
bystander” tests (for a general account of these two tests (as well as their
possible relationship), see the Singapore High Court decision of _Forefront
Medical Technology (Pte) Ltd v Modern-Pak Private Ltd_ [2006] 1 SLR(R) 927 at
[29]-[40]). This results, however, in a lack of concrete rules (and consequent
normative guidance) as well as uncertainty in the practical sphere (a point
which is also emphasised by _Wee_ at pp 162-166; reference may also be made to
Elizabeth Macdonald, “Casting Aside ‘Officious Bystanders’ and ‘Business
Efficacy’?” (2009) 26 JCL 97). One should not, in fact, be surprised at such a
result as the lack of guidance as well as uncertainty is likely to be the
result when the _umbrella_ concept of _interpretation_ , which is pitched at a
_necessarily high level of abstraction_ , is utilised (in substance, if not
form) as the legal basis for _different and disparate areas of law_ (_cf_ also
the collected essays in Brian Coote, _Contract as Assumption – Essays on a
Theme_ (Hart Publishing, 2010) (Rick Bigwood ed); in so far as _The Achilleas_
itself is concerned, see the very recent comment by Brian Coote, “Contract as
Assumption and Remoteness of Damage” (2010) 26 JCL 211 (“ _Coote_ ”)). The
lack of guidance stems from the absence of a sufficiently specific set of
_concrete_ rules and principles whilst the resultant uncertainty is the
natural consequence when legal rules and principles lacking specific and
concrete guidance are sought to be applied to the various sets of facts (which
are themselves necessarily myriad in nature) (in this regard, see also
generally this court’s observations in _Mühlbauer AG v Manufacturing
Integration Technology Ltd_ [2010] 2 SLR 724 (“ _Mühlbauer_ ”) (at [40]-[43])
about the danger of over-generalisation and over-abstraction in making legal
arguments). Put simply, whilst it is desirable from a conceptual perspective
to have umbrella doctrines that make for _theoretical_ “neatness”, there is a
limit to which one can have “one-size-fits-all” _doctrines_ that will not
ultimately become legal procrustean beds (see also _Wee_ at pp 166 and
175-176). Indeed, the necessity for _specific_ rules and principles has always
been the hallmark of the development of the common law. Such specificity has,
in fact, been (perhaps paradoxically) one of the key strengths of the common
law itself, which is why Prof S F C Milsom perceptively observed that the
common law system developed in a strikingly systematic fashion,
notwithstanding the apparent absence of a clear blueprint as such (see
generally S F C Milsom, “Reason in the Development of the Common Law” (1965)
81 LQR 496; see also _Mühlbauer_ (at [42]) where it is observed that there is
an _interactive_ process between the _universal_ and the _particular_ or the
_general_ and the _specific_ in law and decision-making).

99 Whilst on the topic of implied terms, there is some commentary on _The
Achilleas_ which suggests that the approach advocated by Lord Hoffmann in that
decision is actually based, instead, on the concept of terms implied _in law_
rather than terms implied in fact (see, for example, John Halladay,
“Remoteness of Contractual Damages” (2009) 21 Denning LJ 173 at p 178). This
does not, however, appear to be the tenor of Lord Hoffmann’s judgment in _The
Achilleas_ (which appears, instead, to adopt the analogy of terms implied in
_fact_ (see _Peel_ at p 11)). However, even assuming that it is, this would
merely serve to underscore the weakness in the analogy itself. In particular,
as this court has pointed out in _Jet Holding Ltd and others v Cooper Cameron
(Singapore) Pte Ltd and another and other appeals_ [2006] 3 SLR(R) 769 (at
[90]-[91]):

90 The category of “terms implied in law” is not without its disadvantages. A
certain measure of uncertainty will always be an integral part of the judicial
process and, hence, of the law itself. This is inevitable because of the very
nature of life itself, which is – often to a very large extent –
unpredictable. Such unpredictability and consequent uncertainty is of course a
double-edged sword. It engenders both the wonder and awe as well as the
dangers and pitfalls in life. Given this reality, however, one of the key
functions of the courts is not to add unnecessarily to the uncertainty that
already exists. Looked at in this light, the category of “terms implied in
law” does tend to generate some uncertainty – not least because of the
broadness of the criteria utilised to imply such terms, which are grounded (in
the final analysis) on reasons of public policy.

91 However, the category of “terms implied in law” has now been firmly woven
into the tapestry of our local contract law. It also aids, on occasion at
least, in achieving a just and fair result. Most importantly, perhaps, it has
formed both the theoretical as well as practical basis for _statutory_ implied
terms, such as those found in the UK Sale of Goods Act 1979 (c 54) (applicable
in Singapore _via_ the application of English Law Act (Cap 7A, 1994 Rev Ed)
and reprinted as Cap 393, 1999 Rev Ed).

[emphasis in original]

100 As the issue of implied terms is only indirectly before us, we do not wish
to make any further observations, save to note that (in addition to the
difficulties arising from utilising an analogy with terms implied in fact as
noted above) treating the analogy utilised by Lord Hoffmann in _The Achilleas_
as one referring to terms implied in law (as opposed to terms implied in fact)
does not meet the problems of a lack of guidance as well as the generation of
uncertainty and may, on one view at least, in fact exacerbate them.

(2) The merits of the existing approach in _Hadley_

(A) Existing approach already embodies and encompasses the concept of
assumption of responsibility

101 More importantly, even if we accept Lord Hoffmann’s premise that the focus
ought to be on the agreement between the parties, any solution (_as in the
case of implied terms_) will _necessarily_ be one that is _imposed by the
court_ (albeit based on the objective evidence). Looked at in _this_ light, it
is our view that, _even if_ (again) we accept Lord Hoffmann’s approach in _The
Achilleas_ , _both the limbs_ in _Hadley_ would _necessarily embody and
encompass the necessary criteria for ascertaining (on an objective basis)
whether or not there had been an assumption of responsibility or an implied
undertaking on the part of the defendant_ (a similar point was also
perceptively made by a learned author in his commentary on _Robertson Quay_
(see Goh Yihan, “ _Robertson Quay Investment Pte Ltd v Steen Consultants Pte
Ltd_ ” (2009) 9 OUCLJ 101 (“ _Goh_ ”) at p 107), though the author did not
appear to go so far as to suggest that Lord Hoffmann’s assumption of
responsibility could be _subsumed_ under the two limbs in _Hadley_)_. If so,
then, with the greatest of respect, Lord Hoffmann has not really added
anything new to the existing law, which continues to operate based on the
legal rules and principles laid down in the seminal decision of_ Hadley. Let
us elaborate upon as well as explain the proposition just made by considering
_both_ of the limbs in _Hadley seriatim_. However, before proceeding to do so,
it is interesting to note that at least one commentator has characterised a
part of Lord Hoffmann’s judgment in _The Achilleas_ (see above at [79]) as
adopting what he terms “a “soft” version” of the agreement-centred approach”
(see _Wee_ at p 168). We agree with him, however, that (see _Wee_ at pp
168-169):

... [t]he soft version of the agreement-centred approach is ... _identical in
substance and theory_ to the traditional approach to remoteness [in _Hadley_],
though dressed up in different terminology: where the contract would be
understood by a reasonable person in all the circumstances not to contain any
terms, express or implied, limiting recovery for breach, recoverable losses
are those which are foreseeable as a not unlikely consequence of breach.
[emphasis added]

(B) The first limb of _Hadley_ and the concept of assumption of responsibility

102 Turning, then, to the _first limb_ in _Hadley_ , this court had described
it (_together with_ the _second limb_) in _Robertson Quay_ , as follows (at
[55] and [59]–[60]):

55 Turning to the _Singapore_ context, there is no doubt that the rule in
_Hadley_ , as restated by Asquith LJ in Victoria Laundry (as set out in the
preceding paragraph), represents the law in relation to remoteness of damage
in contract. In the Singapore High Court decision of _CHS CPO GmbH v Vikas
Goel_ [2005] 3 SLR(R) 202 (_“CHS CPO GmbH”_), for example, a summary of the
law in this particular area was furnished, as follows (at [81]–[83] and [85]):

**_It is established law that remoteness of damage under contract law
comprises two limbs_** \- first, damage flowing “naturally” from the breach of
contract and, secondly, “unusual” damage which (by its very definition) does
not flow naturally from the breach of contract but, rather, is due to special
circumstances. **_These two limbs are in fact to be found in the seminal
decision of the (English) Court of Exchequer in_**** _Hadley_**** _... as
helpfully elaborated upon in the English Court of Appeal decision of Victoria
Laundry ._**.. Indeed, in the latter decision, Asquith LJ (who delivered the
judgment of the court) perceptively and helpfully distinguished between two
kinds of knowledge that must be brought home to the defendant in order that
the damage might not be considered to be too remote.

The first is _imputed_ knowledge. Knowledge is imputed when it is the kind or
type of knowledge that everyone, as reasonable people, must be taken to know.
Everyone must, as reasonable people, be taken to know of damage which flows
“naturally” from a breach of contract. In other words, this category of
(imputed) knowledge is linked to the _first_ limb referred to in [81] above.
What is of vital legal significance is that in so far as such “natural” or
“ordinary” damage is concerned, there is no need for the plaintiff to prove
actual knowledge on the part of the defendant: the defendant (in this
particular case, the plaintiffs) must be _taken to know_ (under the concept of
imputed knowledge) that such damage would _ordinarily_ ensue as a result of
the breach of contract concerned.

The second type of knowledge is _actual_ knowledge. Not surprisingly, this
particular category of knowledge relates to the _second limb_ referred to in
[81] above. It concerns “special” or “non-natural” damage that results from a
breach of contract. A relatively more stringent criterion of knowledge is here
required in order that the damage will not be found to be too remote in law.
Put simply, the defendant must have had _actual_ knowledge of the special
circumstances which are outside the usual course of things. These
circumstances must be such that, in the event of a breach of contract
occurring, loss or damage going _beyond_ what would ordinarily result under
the first limb (referred to in [81], above, and which, _ex hypothesi_ , [is]
within the usual course of things) would ensue. In fairness to the defendant,
in order for him or her to be fixed with liability for such “special” or “non-
natural” damage, he or she must have had actual knowledge of the
aforementioned special circumstances. In order for such _actual_ knowledge to
be brought home, as it were, to the defendant, an objective test is utilised.
...

...

That the abovementioned principles are part of Singapore law can be seen, for
example, from a local decision decided as far back as 1880: see _Yeo Leng Tow
& Co v Rautenberg, Schmidt & Co_ (1880) 1 Ky 491. There are of course more
recent decisions, including the Singapore Court of Appeal decisions of _Hong
Fok Realty Pte Ltd v Bima Investment Pte Ltd_ [1992] 2 SLR(R) 834 and _City
Securities Pte Ltd v Associated Management Services Pte Ltd_ [1996] 1 SLR(R)
410.

[emphasis added in bold italics]

The above statement of principle was, in fact, endorsed by this court in _Jet
Holding Ltd v Cooper Cameron (Singapore) Pte Ltd_ [2006] 3 SLR(R) 769, where
it was held (at [106]) that “the Singapore High Court decision of _CHS CPO
GmbH .._. reaffirms the fact that the principles established in _Hadley_ ...
continue to be the law in the Singapore context.”

…

59 We wish to add here that the criterion of “reasonable contemplation”
applies to both limbs of the rule in _Hadley_ , although a difference exists
between its application with respect to each of the two limbs. For the first
limb of Hadley, the horizon of contemplation is confined to loss which arises
naturally in the usual course of things and which is therefore presumed to
have been within the contemplation of the parties. For the second limb of the
rule in _Hadley_ (“the second limb of _Hadley_ ”), by reason of the special
knowledge possessed by the party who breaches the contract (“the contract-
breaker”), the horizon of contemplation is extended to loss that does not
arise in the usual course of things (see _The Heron II_ at 415-416). We pause
to observe, parenthetically, at this juncture, that there might, on occasion
at least, be some haziness between these two limbs - a point which, however,
does not arise for analysis or decision in the present appeal (for a
discussion of this particular point, see the recent House of Lords decision of
_Sempra Metals Ltd v Inland Revenue Commissioners_ [2007] 3 WLR 354 (_“Sempra
Metals”_) at [215] (per Lord Mance) as well as the (also) House of Lords
decision of _Jackson v Royal Bank of Scotland plc_ [2005] 1 WLR 377
(_“Jackson”_) at [46]-[49] (_per_ Lord Walker of Gestingthorpe)). In relation
to this point, there have also been some cases that have commented that the
rule in _Hadley_ should be treated as a composite whole and viewed as stating
a single principle (see, for instance, per Christopher Clarke J in _The
Achilleas_ [2007] 1 Lloyd’s Rep 19 at [49] (whose decision was affirmed, but
without any apparent discussion of this particular issue, by the English Court
of Appeal (see [2007] 2 Lloyd’s Rep 555)), as well as per Robert Goff J in
_The Pegase_ [1981] 1 Lloyd’s Rep 175 at 182). These cases, however, recognise
that the application of the rule in _Hadley depends_ on the _degree of
knowledge_ held by the contract-breaker at the time of the contract (see _The
Achilleas_ at [51] and _The Pegase_ at 182). In the circumstances, it is
clear, in our view, that these cases are not suggesting, in any way, anything
that is different, in _substance_ , from our interpretation of the rule in
_Hadley_ (as set out at [55] above). On a separate note, there is also the
possible ramification of distinguishing between the type and the extent of
loss arising from a breach of contract (see, in this regard, the perceptive
case note by Demetrios H Hadjihambis, “Remoteness of Damage in Contract”
(1978) 41 MLR 483 at 484-485, commenting on one of several issues raised by
the somewhat controversial English Court of Appeal decision of _H Parsons
(Livestock) Ltd v Uttley Ingham & Co Ltd_ [1978] QB 791, where Lord Denning MR
also sought to apply the tortious rules on remoteness to a contractual claim
for physical injury or damage (see also the Ontario Court of Appeal decision
of _Kienzle v Stringer_ (1981) 130 DLR (3d) 272 at 276 (per Zuber JA) as well
as the English Court of Appeal decision of _Brown v KMR Services Ltd_ [1995] 4
All ER 598)).

60 What is significant, however, is that the rule in _Hadley_ continues to be
endorsed (in, inter alia, _Sempra Metals_ as well as _Jackson_) as good law.
We also wish to state that we do not see the point in embarking on an exegesis
of the precise degree of probability required to satisfy the threshold of
“reasonable contemplation” as to do so would be to engage in the “semantic
hairsplitting” referred to in _Tang Kin Hwa_ (([57] supra) at [44]). Indeed,
the assessment of damages is “not an exact science” to begin with (per Lord
Upjohn in The Heron II at 425). We agree with Sellers LJ’s comments in the
English Court of Appeal decision of _C Czarnikow v Koufos_ [1966] 2 QB 695
(which was the immediate precursor to _The Heron II_) at 722 that:

The phrases and words of _Hadley v. Baxendale_ have been hallowed by long
[use] and gain little advantage from the paraphrases or substitutes. The ideas
and factors conveyed by the words are clear enough.

[emphasis in original]

103 It is therefore clear – and this _also_ appears to be the view taken
pursuant to the integrated approach (which is discussed below (at
[121]–[125])) – that the _first limb_ in _Hadley necessarily embodies an
implied undertaking or assumption of responsibility_ on the part of the
defendant (albeit on an _imputed_ basis). This _imputation_ is _justified_ on
the ground that, in so far as _natural or ordinary_ loss is concerned, any
reasonable person in the shoes of the defendant should (with the (_imputed_)
knowledge that such loss would ensue) be _taken to have assumed responsibility
for such loss should it breach the contract concerned_. Hence, even if we
adopt Lord Hoffmann’s approach in _The Achilleas_ , the reasoning just
referred to would provide the court with _an objective basis_ for finding that
the defendant had (in the absence of an express undertaking to the contrary)
_assumed responsibility_ for the (_natural or ordinary_) loss which has
occurred. _Put simply, even if we accept Lord Hoffmann’s approach, it is, in
fact, already an intrinsic part of the first limb in_ Hadley.

(C) The second limb of _Hadley_ and the concept of assumption of
responsibility

104 Turning now to the _second limb_ in _Hadley_ , this court had, in fact,
described it in _Robertson Quay_ in the passages already quoted above (at
[102]).

105 It is clear that it will be the case that Lord Hoffmann’s approach in _The
Achilleas_ will be an _additional_ element with respect to the _second limb_
in _Hadley only if_ the _actual_ knowledge of the defendant under this
particular limb of _Hadley_ is thought to be _insufficient_ from a legal point
of view – in so far as the establishment of an implied obligation or an
assumption of responsibility on the part of the defendant is concerned. There
is, in fact, some (older) authority (stretching back _almost five decades_) to
the effect that the _second_ limb in _Hadley is_ based on _an implied
undertaking_ on the part of the defendant to the plaintiff that it would bear
the (enhanced) loss. This is to be found in the judgment of Diplock LJ in the
English Court of Appeal decision of _Robophone Facilities Ltd v Blank_ [1966]
1 WLR 1428 (“ _Robophone Facilities_ ”) at 1448. However, the learned judge
did observe that the defendant’s “actual knowledge of the special
circumstances is relevant as _one_ of the factors from which [its] undertaking
can be implied” [emphasis in original] (_id_). Diplock LJ then proceeded to
observe thus (_id_):

The second factor is also necessary, _viz_., that he should have acquired this
knowledge from the plaintiff, or at least that [it] should know that the
plaintiff knew that [it] was possessed of it at the time the contract was
entered into and so could reasonably foresee at that time that an enhanced
loss was liable to result from a breach. Where both these factors are present,
the defendant’s conduct in entering into the contract without disclaiming
liability for the enhanced loss which he can foresee _gives rise to the
implication that he undertakes to bear it. But such an undertaking need not be
left to implication; it can be express_. If the contract contained an express
undertaking by the defendant to be responsible for all actual loss to the
plaintiff occasioned by the defendant’s breach, whatever that loss might turn
out to be, it would not affect the defendant’s liability for the loss actually
sustained by the plaintiff that the defendant did not know of the special
circumstances which were likely to cause any enhancement of the plaintiff’s
loss. [emphasis added]

106 The key issue that arises at this juncture, in our view, centres on the
_role_ of the _actual_ knowledge of the defendant. Is it, as the _second limb_
in _Hadley_ assumes, _sufficient – in and of itself – to be the basis for an
implied obligation on the part of the defendant that it would assume
responsibility for the (extraordinary) loss flowing from its breach? Or_ is
_actual_ knowledge merely _a factor (and no more)_ in ascertaining whether or
not there was such an obligation (a point which is implicit in Lord Hoffmann’s
approach in _The Achilleas_ (especially given his classification of his
approach as a “prima facie assumption” which is rebuttable if the context and
surrounding circumstances so justify (see [79] above) but which is brought
clearly to the fore by Diplock LJ in _Robophone Facilities_)? Notwithstanding
the legendary abilities of both Lord Hoffmann and Lord Diplock (as he later
became) in general and their considerable scholarship in the law of contract
in particular (see, for example, Brice Dickson, “The Contribution of Lord
Diplock to the General Law of Contract” (1989) 9 OJLS 441), it is our view,
with the greatest of respect, that the _former_ proposition reflects the
correct state of the law. Let us elaborate. Before proceeding to do so,
however, we note that Prof Coote (despite his (not surprising) endorsement of
the concept of assumption of responsibility (see also above at [98]))
perceptively points out that Lord Diplock, whilst also adopting a similar
approach to that in _Robophone Facilities_ at the English Court of Appeal
stage of the _Heron II_ (see _C Czarnikow Ltd v Koufos_ [1966] 2 QB 695 at
727–728), might well have _modified his views_ in the (subsequent) House of
Lords decision of _Photo Production Ltd v Securicor Transport Ltd_ [1980] AC
827 (at 848–849) (see _Coote_ at p 219).

107 It will be recalled that the obligation or assumption of responsibility
with regard to the _loss_ flowing as a result of a _breach of contract_ is (in
the absence of a relevant _express_ term) _necessarily_ an _implied_ one (see
also above at [97]). This proposition would, of course, apply to _both limbs_
in _Hadley_ and is, in fact, also a premise underlying Lord Hoffmann’s
approach in _The Achilleas_ as well (although it is significant to note that
Lord Hope appeared, also in _The Achilleas_ (at [36]), to suggest
_otherwise_). If so, then it is _the court_ which _imputes_ such an obligation
on the defendant, albeit on an _objective_ basis. Looked at in this light, it
is our view that _the criterion of knowledge furnishes a sufficiently
objective basis on which to premise the existence (or otherwise) of an implied
obligation or assumption of responsibility on the defendant_. To leave the
situation open to other factors would lead to unnecessary speculation as well
as uncertainty. At this particular juncture, it is helpful to note that,
_unlike_ a situation relating to a term implied _in fact_ (which, it will be
recalled, was an analogy which was utilised by Lord Hoffmann in _The
Achilleas_), the court is _not_ concerned with embarking on a _gap-filling_
exercise. Put simply, the rules relating to remoteness of damage in contract
law are (contrary to Lord Hoffmann’s view) _universal and external rules of
law_ applicable to _all_ situations where a breach of contract has occurred
(what Kramer refers to as involving “the default rule theory” (see _Kramer_ at
p 251); though _cf_ the characterisation by Prof Robertson who refers to the
remoteness rule as a “gap-filling device” (see _Robertson_ at pp 172 and 196),
although the difference in view might be one of degree rather than kind,
depending on the extent to which parties _expressly_ allocate risks for the
loss resulting from a breach of contract). This is only just and fair to _all_
parties to _all_ contracts. Indeed, as AR Teo points out in _Chee Peng Kwan_
(at [40]), “the law on remoteness can be said to be concerned not merely with
protecting the contractual bargain _but also with the wider policy
consideration_ of placing suitable limitations on contractual liabilities”
[emphasis added]. Whilst all this is true, we pause to observe that the
necessity of relying upon universal and external rules of law is one that
cannot, _in the nature of things_ , be avoided in any event since (as
explained below at [111]), we are dealing with a situation where the parties,
_ex hypothesi_ , never had the issue of the breach of the contract (and the
ensuing loss) in mind and, if they had, ought to have provided expressly for
them. Indeed, and in this last-mentioned regard, AR Peh also points out, in
_Thode Gerd Walter_ (at [69]; and see also [68]), that this is, in fact, _yet
another policy_ consideration that must also be taken into account:

From a policy perspective, it may be questionable why the courts should
provide additional protection to defendants in _all_ cases by imposing a
higher threshold in insisting that a defendant should only be liable for
losses that he could be said to have reasonable assumed responsibility ... As
noted by Lord Reid in _The Heron II_ ... (at 385-386) and Andrew Phang JA in
_Robertson Quay_ (at [71] and [75]-[76]), parties in a contract case, unlike
those in tort, have the opportunity to direct each others’ attention to the
unusual risks and either can take extra precautions to safeguard his position.
[emphasis in original]

(D) The principles in _Hadley_ and their consistency with both logic and the
idea of agreement

108 We would also reiterate the following observations made by this court in
_Robertson Quay_ (at [77]–[83]), which elaborate on why the principles laid
down in _Hadley_ not only constitute a set of universal and external rules of
law (which are undergirded by sound logic) but are also consistent with the
very essence of the law of contract itself (which gives effect to the idea of
the contract as an _agreement_):

77 In this appeal, we are concerned with a claim for an _unliquidated_ amount
of monetary loss. This is the pith and marrow of the concept of _damages_. In
such a situation, given that the contracting parties have not fixed in advance
in the contract itself the type as well as the amount of monetary loss
recoverable (_contra_ cases involving liquidated damages clauses), the courts
have to formulate rules as to, inter alia, what is recoverable and what is too
remote to be recoverable.

78 Two important principles feature in this process. First, the courts have to
formulate _general rules and principles premised on justice and fairness_
which would _apply universally to all contracting parties_ (such rules and
principles are commonly referred to as “default rules”). In this regard, a
_crucial factor_ to bear in mind is the fact that the parties concerned, as
_contracting parties_ , would have _had an opportunity to communicate with
each other in advance_ (see also _The Heron II_ at 386 _per_ Lord Reid
(reproduced above at [71])). This factor is significant because, although the
contracting parties may not have decided to fix in advance the type as well as
the quantum of monetary loss recoverable should a breach of contract occur,
the fact remains (as just mentioned) _that they had an opportunity to
communicate with each other in advance_ on, _inter alia_ , this particular
issue. Second, whatever general rules and principles the court formulates
_must not have the result of rewriting the contract for the parties_ , as
_that_ contract constitutes the original bargain entered into by the parties
and ought (from the perspective of _sanctity of contract_) to be honoured as
far as is possible. All this sets the legal backdrop against which we ought to
view the two limbs of the rule in _Hadley_ and, as importantly, furnishes us
with the rationale as to why these two limbs are not arbitrary formulations,
but are, rather, considered statements of law which take into account
precisely the legal backdrop as well as the concomitant considerations
delineated in this paragraph.

79 It is important to reiterate, by way of _summary_ , the points made in the
preceding paragraph: _The task of the courts, in the context of remoteness of
damage in contract, is to formulate rules and principles that would apply
universally to all contracting parties in situations where the contracting
parties have not expressly provided, in advance, for what is to happen in the
event of a breach of their respective contracts. In doing so, the courts will
bear in mind the fact that the contracting parties did have the opportunity to
communicate with each other in advance_. _The courts must, however, also be
careful to ensure that the rules and principles formulated do not result in a
rewriting of the contract in question, which, being the original bargain
entered into by the contracting parties, should be honoured so as to ensure
that there is sanctity of contract._

80 Bearing these important considerations in mind, it is now clear why the two
limbs set out in _Hadley_ are _consistent with_ the points set out in the
preceding two paragraphs.

81 To elaborate, damage which falls under the _first limb_ of _Hadley_ (which
may be termed _“ordinary” damage_ (see _CHS CPO GmbH_ ([55] _supra_) at [82])
ought to be _well within_ the reasonable contemplation of all of the
_contracting parties_ concerned. Since everyone (including the contracting
parties) must, _as reasonable people_ , be taken to know of damage which flows
“naturally” (_ibid_) from a breach of contract, the first limb of _Hadley_
does _no_ violence to the original bargain between the contracting parties
who, _ex hypothesi_ , have not expressly provided for what is to happen in the
event of a breach of their contract. _However_ , _if_ the contracting parties
had thought about this issue, they _would, in all likelihood, have agreed_
that the contract-breaker should be liable in damages for all such
_“ordinary”_ damage. It is therefore neither unjust nor unfair to _impute_
knowledge of such damage to them (see above at [55]). Indeed, to argue
otherwise would be unjust and absurd as the logical conclusion of such an
argument would be that the contract-breaker would not be liable for any loss
at all.

82 Damage which falls under the _second limb_ of _Hadley_ (_ie_ ,
_“extraordinary” or “non-natural” damage_ (_CHS CPO GmbH_ at [83])) is _not_ ,
by its _very nature_ , within the reasonable contemplation of the contracting
parties. In the circumstances, it would be both _unjust and unfair_ to
_impute_ to them knowledge that such damage or loss would arise upon a breach
of contract. _However_ , _if_ the contracting parties, _having had the
opportunity to communicate with each other in advance_ , had _actual_ (as
opposed to imputed) knowledge of _the special circumstances_ which resulted in
the “extraordinary” or “non-natural” damage, then it is _neither_ unjust _nor_
unfair to hold the contract-breaker liable in damages for such damage. If,
_armed with_ such _actual_ knowledge, the contracting parties do not make
express provision in their contract for what is to happen in the event of a
breach of that contract resulting in “extraordinary” or “non-natural” damage,
_then they must be taken to have agreed that should such damage occur, the
contract-breaker would be liable for such damage_. As Lord Hope of Craighead
put it in _Jackson_ ([59] _supra_) at [26]:

Where knowledge of special circumstances is relied on, the assumption is that
the defendant [_ie_ , the contract-breaker] undertook to bear any special loss
which was referable to those special circumstances. It is assumed too that he
had the opportunity to seek to limit his liability under the contract for
ordinary losses in the event that he was in breach of it.

83 It will be seen, therefore, that the two limbs of the rule in _Hadley_ are
wholly consistent with - and, in fact, give effect to - the concept of
contract as an _agreement_. And, in doing so, they _simultaneously
distinguish_ the rules and principles on remoteness in contract from those in
tort. Above all, as we have seen, they are just and fair, and constitute the
best legal regime available, given the fact that the contracting parties have
not, _ex hypothesi_ , expressly provided for what is to happen should a breach
of their contract occur. It is also important to note, at this juncture, that
in the absence of such express contractual provision, the only alternative the
courts have is to formulate _universal_ rules and principles; the other
alternative - that of doing nothing - is clearly untenable and wholly
impractical. This is, therefore, yet another - and _fundamental_ \- reason why
the rules and principles enunciated in _Hadley_ ought to continue as the
applicable law governing remoteness of damage in the law of contract in
Singapore.

[emphasis in original]

109 In the circumstances, therefore, the universal and external rules of law
(as embodied in _both_ limbs in _Hadley_) are, in substance, the _best
possible reflection_ of what the parties _would have agreed to had they
thought about a situation in which the contract was breached_. To _that
(practical)_ extent, the “intentions of the parties” _are_ , in fact, being
given effect to (_cf_ also _per_ AR Peh in _Thode Gerd Walter_ (at [67]),
where it is observed, _inter alia_ , that “it would not be wrong to say that
at the heart of both approaches [_viz_ , the traditional approach and the
approach advocated by Lord Hoffmann in _The Achilleas_] is still the ultimate
desire to provide for the recoverability of damages for breach of contract in
a way that gives the _best_ effect to the concept of a contract as an
_agreement_ ” [emphasis in original]).

(E) _Hadley_ avoids the problems in _The Achilleas_

110 The approach we have suggested also harks back to the theoretical
difficulties referred to above (at [92]–[93]), where it had been pointed out
that, although the approach from interpretation (embodied in the approach
advocated by Lord Hoffmann in _The Achilleas_) appeared to furnish an
ostensible external rule of guidance, it was clearly distinct from the
doctrine of remoteness of damage and, instead, generated (in substance) much
_uncertainty_ (as we have explained above). Neither can the approach from
interpretation be justified on the basis of an analogy with terms implied _in
law_ (a point which we have also dealt with above (at [99]–[100])). Whilst it
might be argued that the principles of remoteness of damage embodied in the
two limbs in _Hadley_ might also give rise to different results (depending on
the precise facts before the court), this is _inevitable_ as every (even)
universal and external rule of law must be _applied_ to the _facts_ at hand.
However, what ought to be _avoided_ , in our view, are approaches (such as
that advocated by Lord Hoffmann in _The Achilleas_) which engender _excessive
and unnecessary_ uncertainty.

(f) _Hadley_ provides the necessary framework

111 Indeed, at this juncture, we would note that it is _not_ , generally
speaking, possible to _avoid_ laying down a universal and external rule of
law. _Any_ approach is _necessarily_ a _claim_ to _universal_ applicability.
Looked at in this light, _even_ the approach advocated by Lord Hoffmann in
_The Achilleas_ is, notwithstanding its focus on the actual intentions of the
parties themselves, _necessarily itself_ a universal and external rule of law
– albeit one (which we have explained above) that engenders excessive and
unnecessary uncertainty.

112 If the rules relating to remoteness of damage in contract law are (as we
have just explained) universal and external rules of law applicable to all
situations and which (_prima facie_ at least) ensure justice and fairness for
all parties to all contracts, then, in the spirit of justice and fairness, the
_existing distinction_ drawn between _imputed_ knowledge (under the _first
limb_ in _Hadley_) and _actual_ knowledge (under the _second limb_ in
_Hadley_) suffices, in our view, to provide the court with a sufficiently
nuanced approach towards dealing (in a _practical_ manner) with whether or not
the defendant concerned has assumed responsibility with respect to _natural or
ordinary loss_ and _extraordinary loss_ , respectively. In particular, where
the defendant is sought to be held liable for _extraordinary loss_ , then
merely _imputing_ knowledge on it is unfair. _However_ , if the defendant
_did_ possess _actual_ knowledge, then it is fair, in our view, that it be
taken to have assumed the responsibility for that (extraordinary) loss.

113 As a matter of practical import, it might be observed, at this juncture,
that, in so far as extraordinary loss under the _second_ limb in _Hadley_ is
concerned, _much_ will depend on the _precise facts_ of the case before the
court. This furnishes _sufficient flexibility_ , in our view, to deal with
difficult situations in so far as the _characterisation_ of the _actual
knowledge_ which the defendant ought to possess is concerned. However, it
bears noting that the concept of characterisation is not an unbridled licence
to lawyers or the courts to do as they please. Indeed, the very factual matrix
itself – coupled with logic and commonsense – serve as natural constraints on
all concerned. In any event, contrary to the rather fanciful theories of
radical theorists, this is not what, in fact, takes place in practice. Indeed,
the _interaction_ of law and fact (which necessarily takes place as the law
cannot operate in an abstract vacuum) is not only a hallmark of the common law
system but the flexibility contained therein is also one of the considerable
strengths of that system as well. Such interaction also ensures that the
_qualitative as well as contextual contents_ of the circumstances which the
defendant must have actual knowledge of ensures a more nuanced approach that
avoids the possible injustice that might result (_cf_ , though, a learned
author’s apprehension that this court’s “equation of special knowledge with
liability in respect of the second limb [in _Hadley_] might be over-inclusive
in some instances, rendering defendants liable in circumstances of mere
knowledge” (see _Goh_ at p 108)). On one view at least, such flexibility is,
simultaneously, a demonstration of how justice and fairness are achieved in a
practical (and, by its very nature, imperfect) context. However, all this is
not to state that different courts cannot come to the opposite conclusions
based on the same facts (bearing in mind that there are also other factors
that have to be considered, including the precise degree of probability
required pursuant to the principles laid down in _Hadley_ (as to which, see
_Robertson Quay_ (at [57])). The fact situation in _The Achilleas_ itself
furnishes an excellent illustration in this regard. As we will show shortly
(see [115] below), it might have been _possible_ to argue that the loss
claimed by the (plaintiff) shipowners in _The Achilleas_ fell within the
_second limb_ of _Hadley_ and that, in the circumstances, the charterers did
_not_ have _actual_ knowledge of the relevant circumstances.

(3) Alternative analyses of _The Achilleas_ based on the principles in
_Hadley_

114 As we have seen, in _The Achilleas_ , the House of Lords unanimously held
in favour of the (defendant) charterers (albeit on somewhat different grounds
in so far as the individual law lords were concerned). At this juncture, we
would observe that a further _alternative_ analysis based on the principles in
_Hadley_ could _also possibly_ be applied to the facts of _The Achilleas_ – to
achieve the _same_ result that was arrived at by the House itself. In
particular, it is possible that in light of the evidence from _the shipping
industry_ (at least as it existed at that particular point in time) to the
effect that the _type of loss_ suffered by the shipowners in _The Achilleas_
was not recoverable (the (_then_) _established_ understanding being that
shipowners were entitled to only the difference between the market rate and
the charter rate for the overrun period), the shipowners’ loss in _The
Achilleas_ was not natural or ordinary loss which fell within the first limb
of _Hadley_ (_cf_ also the approach by Lord Rodger (see above at [84]) and
Baroness Hale (see above at [87]) in _The Achilleas_ who both decided the case
based on the first limb in _Hadley_ , albeit for different reasons). And, as
already explained above, the concept of assumption of responsibility would be
an _integral part of_ the _first limb_ in _Hadley_. However, this is a mere
_hypothetical_ analysis (bearing in mind the fact that the House did _not_
accept the evidence just mentioned in arriving at its decision, as well as the
fact that it was conceded right from the start by the charterers in _The
Achilleas_ that missing dates for a subsequent fixture was a not unlikely
result of late redelivery (see _The Achilleas_ at [53] and [90])).

115 It might have also been possible to argue (as we alluded to briefly above
(at [113])) that applying the principles laid down in _Hadley_ , the loss
claimed by the shipowners fell within the _second limb_ of _Hadley_ and that,
in the circumstances, the charterers did _not_ have _actual_ knowledge of the
relevant circumstances. This would have entailed the _same_ result as that
which was arrived at by the House of Lords, albeit _without_ having to utilise
the additional criterion (advocated by Lord Hoffmann) centring on the
assumption of responsibility by the defendant (_cf_ also _Bridge_ (at p 762)).
Indeed, consistent with the analysis proffered above, an assumption of
responsibility would already have been an integral part of not only the first
limb in _Hadley_ but also the second limb as well. However, this is, again,
_only_ a _hypothetical_ example (or, rather, analysis) as the same issues
which arose in _The Achilleas_ have not, to the best of our knowledge, arisen
for decision before the Singapore courts (or at least before this court).
When, however, a situation akin to _The Achilleas_ comes before the Singapore
courts, what is clear is that the principles in _Hadley_ will have to be fully
argued before this court as they apply to the fact situation itself. We pause
– parenthetically – to note that some commentators would in fact _disagree_
with the argument (just considered) to the effect that the loss claimed in
_The Achilleas_ falls within the _second limb_ of _Hadley_ , arguing that the
_type_ of loss was reasonably contemplated under the _first_ limb in _Hadley_
although the _extent_ was not (_cf_ also our alternative analysis based on the
_first_ limb in _Hadley_ in the preceding paragraph), distinguishing _The
Achilleas_ from the fact situation as well as the holding (with respect to the
issue of extraordinary loss pursuant to the _second limb_ of _Hadley_) in the
English Court of Appeal decision of _Victoria Laundry (Windsor) Ld v Newman
Industries Ld_ [1949] 2 KB 528 (“ _Victoria Laundry_ ”) (see, for example,
_Peel_ at p 8; Janet O’Sullivan, “Damages for Lost Profits for Late
Redelivery: How Remote is Too Remote?” [2009] CLJ 34 (“ _O’Sullivan_ ”) at p
37; Gary Richard Coveney, “Damages for Late Delivery Under Time Charters:
Certainty at Last?” (2009) 23 Austl & NZ Mar LJ 205 (“ _Coveney_ ”) at pp
208-209; and _Halladay_ at p 177 (see also above at [84])). However, as
already observed in the preceding paragraph, we think it is possible to find
that the _type_ of loss was not contemplated by the parties based on the first
limb in _Hadley_. Even on the facts of _The Achilleas_ , it is clear that at
least two law lords (_viz_ , Lord Rodger and Baroness Hale) arrived at that
particular conclusion.

116 Notwithstanding that our alternative analysis here on _The Achilleas_
based on the principles in _Hadley_ is a mere _hypothetical_ analysis, it does
demonstrate that _the principles in_ Hadley _may well be sufficient to achieve
justice in the case at hand without the need for a further (and artificial)
construct of an assumption of responsibility. And_ , as we have also argued
above, the element of assumption of responsibility would, looked at in this
light, _also be embodied or subsumed within the two limbs in_ Hadley _in any
event_. This view also derives some support from the many views expressed to
the effect that the _same_ result is quite likely to result _regardless_ of
which approach is used (see, for example, _Thode Gerd Walter_ (at [67]) as
well as _Peel_ (at p 12)). We should perhaps also note in passing here that it
would always be open to parties, placed in a similar situation such as that in
_The Achilleas_ , to exclude liability for consequential loss of this kind by
inserting a suitable clause in their contract (as also pointed out by Baroness
Hale in _The Achilleas_ (see above at [86])).

117 It is also significant, in our view, that the approach advocated by Lord
Hoffmann in _The Achilleas_ has been subject to much criticism in the academic
literature. This is, in itself, not necessarily conclusive by any means.
However, the _extent_ of the criticism is unusual. More importantly, the
_content_ of many of the various criticisms is, in many instances, very
persuasive. Indeed, we have already referred to a number of the more
significant criticisms during the course of our analysis in the preceding
paragraphs of this judgment and will therefore not rehearse them again
(reference may also be made, in this regard, to _Chitty on Contracts_ (H G
Beale gen ed) (Sweet & Maxwell, 30th Ed, 2008) vol 1 at para 26-100G). Suffice
it to state that few decisions – particularly of the highest appellate court
in England – have been subject to so much criticism in both leading textbooks
as well as articles and comments in a variety of international journals. In
addition to the specific criticisms already canvassed above, it has also been
argued that the actual decision in _The Achilleas_ is due, rather, to “wider
policy considerations” which ought to be “openly explored” in “future
decisions” (see _O’Sullivan_ at p 37; reference may also be made to _Coveney_
at p 209). In point of fact, however, we have in fact demonstrated above (at
[107]) that the _traditional_ rules of remoteness (as embodied in _Hadley_)
have _already_ taken into account the key _policy_ considerations.

(4) An extreme hypothetical example explained

118 Before turning to English case law decided _after_ the decision in _The
Achilleas_ was handed down, it might be appropriate to consider briefly an
oft-cited hypothetical example which has been utilised to demonstrate the
utility as well as persuasiveness of Lord Hoffmann’s approach in _The
Achilleas_ (see, for example, _Kramer_ at pp 269–270). This is the example of
a taxi driver who, before he or she accepts the fare, is informed by the
passenger about a crucial meeting to which that passenger must get to on time.
If the taxi driver fails, in breach of contract, to get the passenger to that
meeting in a timely manner and, as a result, the passenger suffers an enormous
business loss, is the taxi driver liable for that loss? Advocates of Lord
Hoffmann’s approach would suggest not because the taxi driver had not assumed
responsibility for such loss. Although this suggestion is attractive at first
blush, having regard to the various weaknesses inherent in that particular
approach, we would suggest that the _same_ result could be arrived at by
utilising the traditional principles embodied in _Hadley_. A learned author
put it well when he reasoned as follows (see _Peel_ at p 10):

The language of “accepting risk” is not entirely apt since it can convey the
idea that liability for the losses which flow from one party’s breach is
simply a question of discerning the intention of the parties, but that is a
view that has hitherto been rejected (see, e.g. _The Heron II_ at 422, per
Lord Upjohn). _It is preferable to say of examples such as the taxi driver ...
that it is not “reasonable” to impose liability (_ The Heron II _at 422), or
that it is not “proper” to do so (_ The Heron II _at 385, per Lord Reid), for,
contrary to Lord Hoffmann, it is respectfully submitted that the rule of
remoteness is an external rule of law_. It is not, however, a completely
inflexible rule. Without suggesting that the circumstances in which it might
be appropriate to depart from the test of reasonable contemplation of the type
of loss are closed ... , _one explanation for the likely result in the
hypothetical [example] considered above is that the defendant was given no
reasonable opportunity to limit his liability_. [emphasis added]

The above reasoning is consistent with many of the points we have canvassed
above (including the presence of prior (and contrary) views from the House of
Lords as well as the fact that the two limbs in _Hadley_ constitute external
and independent rules of law). We would add that, in an extreme situation such
as the present hypothetical, much would depend on the precise facts in
question. This would also include, for example, how the alleged special
circumstances were communicated by the customer to the taxi driver and what
precisely was in fact communicated. All this would, of course, have to be
assessed on an objective basis. One would imagine that, in an extreme
situation such as this, there would have to be a clear and unequivocal
communication. It would probably have taken the following form:

I have to arrive at the airport on time for my flight and, if I miss my
flight, I will lose a business deal worth $200,000. If so, I will truly hold
you responsible for this loss.

119 Extreme hypothetical situations such as the one just mentioned are useful
in law schools as they deliver the general legal propositions sought to be
conveyed to the students concerned in no uncertain terms. However, what
happens in the real world is quite different. Even allowing for the fact that
truth is sometimes stranger than fiction, one can hardly imagine the taxi
driver accepting responsibility on the terms set out in the preceding
paragraph. Even if he or she did, this would have – in the nature of things –
to be in the form of _an express assumption of responsibility which forms part
of the contract between the parties in any event_. In other words, in an
extreme hypothetical situation, because the communication of the special
circumstances would have to be so clear and unequivocal, it would follow that
any assumption of responsibility would have to be equally clear and
unequivocal and that it would then _simultaneously_ constitute an _express
term_ of the contract itself. _The resultant situation would be no different
from the position that Lord Hoffmann is arguing in favour of_. It is, of
course, _theoretically possible_ for there to be an assumption of
responsibility without that assumption forming part of the _express_ terms of
the contract as such. In our view, however, this would be quite unrealistic as
regard must (as just mentioned) be had to the entire _context_ of the
situation itself. Indeed, even from a _legal_ standpoint, it would be
difficult to imagine that a court would find an _implied_ obligation that the
taxi driver had undertaken to assume responsibility for the _full_ extent of
the loss. Even if this were so, we would imagine that there would _also_ be an
_implied term_ to the effect that, absent a deliberate act on the part of the
taxi driver to ensure that the passenger did not arrive at the airport on
time, the former would be excused from liability. Hence, for example, a delay
that was due to a traffic jam would excuse the taxi driver from liability.

120 However, assume for the moment that the taxi driver _did_ undertake
liability in an _express_ manner. As already explained above, this would _not_
detract from (and is, on the contrary, entirely consistent with) the
proposition (made above) to the effect that any assumption of responsibility
on the part of the defendant would hinge on his or her knowledge of the
special circumstances pursuant to the _second limb_ in _Hadley_ and that that
assumption of responsibility would have _already been embodied or incorporated
within_ that particular limb itself. In any event, this situation would (as we
have already noted) be consistent with Lord Hoffmann’s approach as well. We
also pointed out in the preceding paragraph that it might also be argued that
there was an _implied term_ that the taxi driver would be excused for delays
that were not the result of a deliberate act intended to ensure that the
passenger in fact lost his business opportunity. If there was such a
deliberate act, – and it would be bizarre in the extreme – the imposition of
liability on the taxi driver might in fact be justified from both legal as
well as extralegal points of view. However, as we have mentioned, such extreme
hypothetical situations are likely to be rare and that, even if they do occur,
the common law of contract itself contains the necessary doctrines to avoid an
unjust and unfair result.

Subsequent developments

(1) Subsequent English case law and the attempt at integration

121 However, English case law following _The Achilleas_ has sought to
_integrate_ the two limbs in _Hadley_ with the approach advocated by Lord
Hoffmann in _The Achilleas_ itself. It is obvious – perhaps for one or more of
the reasons set out above – that the English courts were uncomfortable with
endorsing, unconditionally, the approach advocated by Lord Hoffmann,
especially since _Hadley_ had stood as the established law for 150 years (see,
for example, the English High Court decisions of _ASM Shipping Ltd of India v
TTMI Ltd of England (The “Amer Energy”)_ [2009] 1 Lloyd’s Rep 293 at [19] and
_Classic Maritime Inc v Lion Diversified Holdings Berhad and Another_ [2010] 1
Lloyd’s Rep 59 at [71]). The approach from integration (hereafter “the
integrated approach”) is a rather ingenious one. An early hint at such an
approach may be found in the judgment of Toulson LJ (with whom Richards and
Mummery LJJ agreed) in the English Court of Appeal decision of _Supershield
Ltd v Siemens Building Technologies FE Ltd_ [2010] 1 Lloyd’s Rep 349, where
the learned judge observed thus (at [43]):

_Hadley v Baxendale_ remains a standard rule but it has been rationalised on
the basis that it reflects the expectation to be imputed to the parties in the
ordinary case, ie that a contract breaker should ordinarily be liable to the
other party for damage resulting from his breach if, but only if, at the time
of making the contract a reasonable person in his shoes would have had damage
of that kind in mind as not unlikely to result from a breach. However, _South
Australia_ and _Transfield Shipping_ are authority that there may be cases
where the court, on examining the contract and the commercial background,
decides that the standard approach would not reflect the expectation or
intention reasonably to be imputed to the parties. In those two instances the
effect was exclusionary; the contract breaker was held not to be liable for
loss which resulted from its breach although some loss of the kind was not
unlikely. But logically the same principle may have an inclusionary effect.
If, on the proper analysis of the contract against its commercial background,
the loss was within the scope of the duty, it cannot be regarded as too
remote, even if it would not have occurred in ordinary circumstances.

122 However, the clearest statement of the integrated approach is perhaps best
exemplified in the judgment of Hamblen J in the recent English High Court
decision of _Sylvia Shipping Co Ltd v Progress Bulk Carriers Ltd (The
“Sylvia”)_ [2010] 2 Lloyd’s Rep 81 (“ _Sylvia Shipping_ ”), who referred (at
[40]) to the effect of _The Achilleas_ as resulting “in _an amalgam_ of the
orthodox and the broader approach” [emphasis added]. The “orthodox approach”,
in the learned judge’s view (at [27]), “reflects the generally accepted
remoteness test based on [_Hadley_] and subsequent cases (what Lord Hoffmann
described [in _The Achilleas_] as “the ordinary foreseeabilty rule”)”. The
“broader approach”, on the other hand is, in the view of Hamblen J, embodied
in that proffered by Lord Hoffmann in _The Achilleas_ , and which is described
(at [30]) as follows:

Lord Hoffmann, whilst recognising that the orthodox approach will be
applicable in the “great majority of cases”, nevertheless considered that it
may not be sufficient in cases “in which the context, surrounding
circumstances or general understanding in the relevant market shows that a
party would not reasonably have been regarded as assuming responsibility for
such losses” (para 9 [of _The Achilleas_]).

123 At this juncture, it is apposite to set out Hamblen J’s statement of the
integrated approach in full (in order to capture both the relevant statement
of principle as well as its context), as follows (at [40]–[51]):

40\. In my judgment, the decision in _The Achilleas_ results in an amalgam of
the orthodox and the broader approach. The orthodox approach remains the
general test of remoteness applicable in the great majority of cases. However,
there may be “unusual” cases, such as _The Achilleas_ itself, in which the
context, surrounding circumstances or general understanding in the relevant
market make it necessary specifically to consider whether there has been an
assumption of responsibility. This is most likely to be in those relatively
rare cases where the application of the general test leads or may lead to an
unquantifiable, unpredictable, uncontrollable or disproportionate liability or
where there is clear evidence that such a liability would be contrary to
market understanding and expectations.

41\. In the great majority of cases it will not be necessary specifically to
address the issue of assumption of responsibility. Usually the fact that the
type of loss arises in the ordinary course of things or out of special known
circumstances will carry with it the necessary assumption of responsibility.

42\. This is consistent with the judgment of Lord Hoffmann in which he makes
it clear that the orthodox approach is the “ _prima facie_ ” rule which will
apply in the “great majority of cases” (para 9 [of _The Achilleas_]) and that
“cases of departure from the ordinary foreseeability rule based on individual
circumstances will be unusual” (para 11 [of _The Achilleas_]).

43\. It is also consistent with the judgment of Lord Hope in which he
recognised that where the loss claimed reflects what happens in ordinary
circumstances (ie is within the first limb of the so-called rule in _Hadley v
Baxendale_) then an assumption of responsibility can be presumed: “That is why
the damages that are recoverable for breach of contract are limited to what
happens in ordinary circumstances—in the great multitude of cases, as Alderson
B put it in _Hadley v Baxendale_ —where an assumption of responsibility can be
presumed” (para 36 [of _The Achilleas_]).

44\. It is also consistent with subsequent authorities which have considered
the effect of _The Achilleas_.

45\. In _ASM Shipping Ltd of India v TTMI Ltd of England (The Amer Energy)_
[2009] 1 Lloyd's Rep 293, page 295, paras 17 – 19 Flaux J summarised the
effect of _The Achilleas_ as follows:

“17. ... First, I do not consider that the House of Lords (at least the
majority of their Lordships) were intending to lay down some completely new
test as to recoverability of damages in contract and remoteness different from
the so-called rule in _Hadley v Baxendale_ (1854) 9 Exch 341 as refined in
subsequent cases, above all the decision of the House of Lords itself in _C
Czarnikow Ltd v Koufos (The Heron II)_ [1967] 2 Lloyd's Rep 457; [1969] 1 AC
350. See Lord Hope at paras 31 to 34, Lord Rodger at paras 47 to 52, Lord
Walker at paras 66 to 78 and Baroness Hale at paras 89 to 93…

18\. … Lord Hoffmann acknowledges in paras 9 and 11 of his opinion that
departure from the normal principles of foreseeability would be unusual.
Although he refers to shipping as a market where limitations on the extent of
liability arising out of general expectations in that market might be more
common, I do not consider that he was intending to say that in all shipping
cases (as opposed to the type of time charter case then under consideration)
the rule in _Hadley v Baxendale_ as subsequently refined, will no longer
apply. If he was saying that, it was not a view shared by the majority and it
would be heterodox to say the least.”

46\. In _Classic Maritime v Lion Diversified Holdings Berhad_ [2010] 1 Lloyd's
Rep 59 Cooke J stated (at page 71) that he would be “highly surprised” if _The
Achilleas_ established a new test for the recoverability of damages for breach
of contract, and noted that Flaux J had been “wholly unpersuaded” that they
had done so.

47\. Most importantly, in _Supershield Ltd v Siemens Building Technologies FE
Ltd_ [2010] 1 Lloyd's Rep349, the Court of Appeal summarised the position as
follows:

43\. _Hadley v Baxendale_ remains a standard rule but it has been rationalised
on the basis that it reflects the expectation to be imputed to the parties in
the ordinary case, ie that a contract breaker should ordinarily be liable to
the other party for damage resulting from his breach if, but only if, at the
time of making the contract a reasonable person in his shoes would have had
damage of that kind in mind as not unlikely to result from a breach. However,
_South Australia_ and _Transfield Shipping_ are authority that there may be
cases where the court, on examining the contract and the commercial
background, decides that the standard approach would not reflect the
expectation or intention reasonably to be imputed to the parties.

48\. The orthodox approach therefore remains the “standard rule” and it is
only in relatively unusual cases, such as _The Achilleas_ itself, where a
consideration of assumption of responsibility may be required.

49\. In my judgment, it is important that it be made clear that there is no
new generally applicable legal test of remoteness in damages. It appears that
in a number of cases this is being argued and that decisions are being
challenged for failing to recognize or apply the assumption of responsibility
test. This results in confusion and uncertainty.

50\. In the vast majority of cases tribunals of fact can and should be able to
apply the well established remoteness test with which they are familiar and
which, in the vast majority of cases, works perfectly well.

51\. In this connection I note the conclusions of _Chitty_ at para 26-100G:

Contractual liability is of course based on express or implied agreement, and
it is argued that the reason a party who has broken the contract should be
held liable for losses that were not unusual, or which he had brought home to
him might occur, is that (unless it is agreed otherwise) he can be taken to
have agreed to compensate them. But it does not follow that liability for
likely losses should be limited by a vague criterion such as “assumption of
responsibility”. Rather it is submitted that it is better to have a simple
rule that the party in breach is be liable for all losses that are
sufficiently likely to occur in the usual case, or whose likelihood has been
brought home to him when the contract was made, unless he has validly excluded
or restricted his liability. It has been cogently argued that there are limits
to the extent that it is feasible to determine all issues by reference to an
assumption of responsibility. In relation to the extent of liability for
losses suffered by the innocent party as the result of a breach, there will
seldom be any “factual foundation for making a determination as to whether the
defendant implicitly assumed responsibility for the risk in question”. It is
thus to be hoped that the approach adopted by the majority in _The Achilleas_
will be applied by the courts only in exceptional circumstances, such as those
emphasised by Lord Hoffmann in that case.

124 As already mentioned, the integrated approach is an ingenious one in so
far as it attempts to reconcile the approach in _Hadley_ on the one hand and
the new approach advocated by Lord Hoffmann in _The Achilleas_ (centring on
the assumption of responsibility by the defendant) on the other. With the
greatest respect, however, the result, whilst attractive at first blush, is –
in _substance_ at least – less than satisfactory.

125 Put simply, the integrated approach is, at bottom, an acceptance and
endorsement of the approach advocated by Lord Hoffmann in _The Achilleas_. If
so, this approach ought not to be followed for the various reasons already set
out in detail above.

126 We pause to observe that one other possible method of “integration” (not
hitherto considered) is, first, to “preserve” the _first limb_ in _Hadley_ in
its _original form_ by _excluding_ the assumption of responsibility test
advocated by Lord Hoffmann (in so far as it is _presumed_ that where the loss
falls within the first limb in _Hadley_ , there would be an assumption of
responsibility, and, accordingly, there would be no need to apply the
assumption of responsibility test) and by applying it to _only_ the _second
limb_ in _Hadley_. In other words, _actual_ knowledge is a necessary but not
sufficient condition to satisfy what was hitherto the _second limb_ in
_Hadley_ ; _in addition_ , it must now be demonstrated that the defendant
concerned had _assumed responsibility_ for the (extraordinary) loss which has
occurred. _However_ , for the detailed reasons set out earlier in this
judgment (above at [101] and [104]–[107]), we are of the view that the _second
limb_ in _Hadley already incorporates or embodies_ the concept of assumption
of responsibility, _albeit in a more objective and limited fashion_ than that
advocated by Lord Hoffmann in _The Achilleas_.

127 We would observe further that the approach just mentioned is, in fact,
_consistent_ with the approach which we have adopted (which is to endorse the
principles laid down in _Hadley_) _to the extent that_ it views (as we have
seen) the _first limb_ in _Hadley_ as incorporating or embodying the concept
of assumption of responsibility. _However_ , it does not, with respect, take
the logic inherent in its application to the first limb in _Hadley_ to its
logical conclusion. If it had, then it is (as explained above at [107]) clear
that the _second limb_ in _Hadley_ ought _also_ to be treated as having
incorporated or embodied the concept of assumption of responsibility as well
and that there is therefore no need to introduce an additional criterion or
test of assumption of responsibility which would not only be otiose but would
also merely serve (as we have also sought to explain above) to introduce (in
effect) unnecessary subjectivity as well as uncertainty into a situation
which, _ex hypothesi_ , does not relate to the actual intentions of the
parties as such (except by way of an imputation by the court itself by way of
a _universal_ principle, which is contained within the _second limb_ in
_Hadley_ itself).

128 Further, the view that there ought not to be a sharp distinction drawn
between the two limbs in _Hadley_ (which is by no means a recent development
(see, for example, the House of Lords decision of _R and H Hall, Limited v W H
Pim (Junior) and Company, Limited_ (1928) 33 Com Cas 324 at 334, _per_ Lord
Shaw of Dunfermline (observing that the two limbs “need not be antithetically
treated: they may run into each other and, indeed, be one”); reference may
also be made to _Robertson Quay_ (and the decisions cited therein at [59]) as
well as the English Court of Appeal decision of _Kpohraror v Woolwich Building
Society_ [1996] 4 All ER 119 at 127-128 and the English High Court decision of
_Satef-Huttenes Albertus SpA v Paloma Tercera Shipping Co SA (The “Pegase”)_
[1981] 1 Lloyd’s Rep 175 at 182) actually serves – if we accept the argument
made above to the effect that the _first limb_ in _Hadley necessarily imputes_
an assumption of responsibility or an implied obligation on the part of the
defendant – to buttress the related argument to the effect that _the second
limb in Hadley ought not to be interpreted in a manner different from the
first limb of the same_.

(2) Some Australian authorities

129 It is, admittedly, relatively soon for _The Achilleas_ to have been
considered by courts across the Commonwealth. However, there have, to the best
of our knowledge, been (in addition to the English decisions discussed in the
preceding section of this judgment) a few Australian decisions which have
referred to _The Achilleas_ (albeit without shedding much light on the issues
canvassed above).

130 In the New South Wales Court of Appeal decision of _Russell v The Trustees
of the Roman Catholic Church for the Archdiocese of Sydney and Another_ (2008)
72 NSWLR 559 (“ _Russell_ ”), Basten JA (with whose reasons both Giles and
Campbell JAA agreed) referred to _both_ the traditional approach in _Hadley as
well as_ Lord Hoffmann’s reference to the concept of assumption of
responsibility in _The Achilleas_. However, there was no detailed analysis of
the relationship between both approaches.

131 The same court, in _Dome Resources NL and Another v Silver and Another_
(2008) 72 NSWLR 693, referred (at 711) only in passing to _The Achilleas –_
and in the context of the doctrine of consideration only.

132 In the (also) New South Wales Court of Appeal decision of _Evans &
Associates v European Bank Ltd_ (2009) 255 ALR 171 (“ _Evans & Associates_”),
Campbell JA referred (at [58], and as was the case in _Russell_ (see above at
[130])) to _both_ the traditional approach in _Hadley as well as_ the concept
of assumption of responsibility which (significantly, perhaps) the learned
judge states as having “recently been _reiterated_ in” _The Achilleas_. This
observation is, with respect, ambiguous and, if at all, appears to support the
proposition endorsed above to the effect that the traditional approach in
_Hadley already embodies as well as incorporates the concept of assumption of
responsibility in any event_. Further, as in _Russell_ , there was no detailed
analysis of the various issues raised as a result of _The Achilleas_ (in
particular, the approach advocated by Lord Hoffmann in that decision).

133 It should also be noted that Gyles AJA did also observe in _Evans &
Associates_ (at [125]) that “[t]he complications of changing circumstances in
relation to contractual damages are apparent from the recent decision of the
House of Lords in [_The Achilleas_]”. Again, however, this is, at best, a
neutral observation only.

(3) A short coda

134 A short coda is in order. In a very recent paper (which originated in a
lecture given to the Edinburgh Centre for Commercial Law on 12 May 2009), Lord
Hoffmann in fact revisited as well as explained further the decision in _The
Achilleas_ (see Lord Hoffmann, “The _Achilleas_ : Custom and Practice or
Foreseeability?” (2010) 14 Edin LR 47 (“ _Hoffmann_ ”)). The decision in _The
Achilleas_ in general and Lord Hoffmann’s views in particular ought, strictly
speaking, to be interpreted on their own terms. Nevertheless, this paper sheds
some interesting light on the decision itself. However, it does not, with the
greatest of respect, meet the difficulties raised above, particularly in
respect of Lord Hoffmann’s own approach centring on the concept of assumption
of responsibility by the defendant.

135 We do not propose to deal with the paper in any detail and, in any event,
this would not be the correct venue to do so. Hence, a very brief summary of
the main points and even briefer observations (which relate to points already
raised earlier in this judgment) will have to suffice for present purposes.

136 Lord Hoffmann’s principal objection to reliance on the principles laid
down in _Hadley_ (which he terms (in _Hoffmann_ at p 50) “the orthodox
approach”) have to do with what he observes “is the high degree of
indeterminacy which a pure foreseeability test creates” (_id_ at p 51; see
also at p 52). The learned author is also concerned about a related point (or
consequence) that “the cases show that [the concepts of kind of loss and
degree of probability under “the orthodox approach”] are open to very
considerable manipulation to achieve what the court considers to be a fair
result” (_id_ at p 52). Indeed, he refers to such “manipulation” as an
“intellectual sleight of hand” (_id_ at p 54). Lord Hoffmann is also of the
view (_id_ at p 52) that the fact situation in _The Achilleas_ did not allow
the reliance on _Victoria Laundry_ in order to achieve the same result, albeit
by reference to “the orthodox approach” (a point with which some commentators
agree). He also refers (_id_ at pp 53 and 56) to the hypothetical of the taxi
driver referred to above (at [118]).

137 In Lord Hoffmann’s view, the concept of assumption of responsibility
(which he advocated in _The Achilleas_) is more effective; in the learned
author’s words (_id_ at p 55):

The question is: what obligation to make compensation for breach of contract
would _a reasonable observer_ understand the contracting party to have
_undertaken_? [emphasis added]

138 We have already considered the treatment of _Victoria Laundry_ (above at
[115]) as well as the hypothetical of the taxi driver (above at [118]–[120]).
More importantly, perhaps, the critiques from indeterminacy as well as
manipulation levelled by the learned author against the traditional principles
embodied in _Hadley_ are, with the greatest of respect, misconceived. As
already noted above (at [110]), there will always be a measure of uncertainty
when any rule or principle of law (even an extremely established one) is
applied to the facts, simply because the possible fact situations are
innumerable. However, this is not, as we understand it, the kind of
indeterminacy referred to by Lord Hoffmann since such an understanding would
apply equally to the application of _every_ rule or principle of law
_(including the application of rules and principles based on the concept of
assumption of responsibility)_. If so, then it is respectfully suggested that
the traditional rules and principles of remoteness of damage which find their
origins in the two limbs in _Hadley_ are _no more_ indeterminate than those
based on the concept of assumption of responsibility. Indeed, as we have
sought to demonstrate above, the former are, in fact, more stable and
objective – in part because they are _external rules_ having _universal_
application. Indeed, as we have also sought to demonstrate, it is _the concept
of assumption of responsibility_ that engenders uncertainty. And, in so far as
the critique of manipulation is concerned, we would prefer – as we have
pointed out above (at [113]) – the _quite different term, “flexibility”_. We
hasten to add that the “flexibility” we are referring to is no euphemism; it
is a desirable quality in its own right which does not rely on any
manipulation or intellectual sleight of hand by the court to arrive at a pre-
determined result. As we have explained, the flexibility lies in how the facts
are characterised and how the law is applied to those facts. It is, in fact, a
truism to state that the law does not operate in an abstract vacuum, but to
individual fact situations (see also above at [113]). If, as a result, the
court arrives at a substantively fair result, that is, in fact, the ultimate
aim and purpose of the enterprise of the law itself (see also generally the
Singapore High Court decision of _United Overseas Bank Ltd v Ng Huat
Foundations Pte Ltd_ [2005] 2 SLR(R) 425 at [4]-[9]). However, the desire to
arrive at a substantively fair result does not mean that the rules and
principles of the law can be manipulated. As observed in a recent lecture
delivered at the University of Hong Kong (see Andrew Phang, “Doctrine and
Fairness in the Law of Contract” in _The Common Law Lecture Series 2008–2009_
(The University of Hong Kong, 2010) (Jessica Young and Rebecca Lee gen eds),
pp 17–100 at pp 18-24):

Put simply, the central thesis of the present lecture is this: The rules and
principles which constitute the _doctrine_ of the law are not ends in
themselves but are, rather, the means through which the courts arrive at
_substantively fair_ outcomes in the cases before them in _every_ area of the
law.

[It should be added] that neither is more important than the other. In other
words, the desire to arrive at a fair outcome does not mean that the courts
can manipulate legal doctrine in an arbitrary fashion. Indeed, part of [the]
task in the present lecture is to demonstrate – through illustrations from the
law of contract - that legal doctrine is a coherent body of rules and
principles which contain many common threads or linkages. Hence, any attempt
to manipulate them in order to arrive at a predetermined result would be both
artificial as well as unacceptable, and would instead lead to a loss of
legitimacy in the law in the eyes of both the legal profession as well as the
public alike. [It should also be mentioned], at this juncture, that academic
literature is also important in the analysis as well as formulation of legal
doctrine, especially with regard to the consideration of nascent and/or
controversial areas of the law. However, [one pauses] to mention
(parenthetically) that, whilst there is the need for the consideration as well
as citation of academic writings, there is also the need for such writings to
be _relevant_ inasmuch as, _inter alia_ , esoteric and/or highly abstract
discourse ought to be avoided. In other words, whilst academic writings must
always maintain their intellectual rigour, it must never be forgotten that
their _highest_ calling (and achievement) consists, in the final analysis, in
their contribution to the legal _profession_ as a whole.

On the other hand, legal doctrine is not an end itself. Its primary function
is to guide the court, in a reasoned fashion, to arrive at _a fair result_ in
the case before it. Here, too, academic literature has a potentially
significant (perhaps even pivotal) role to play. This is because, in some
quarters, there has \- particularly with the advent of postmodern legal
thought - been an increased (and, unfortunately, increasingly) skeptical view
taken of the law in general and legal objectivity in particular. Such an
approach is, on any view, both corrosive as well as destructive. Whilst one
cannot deny that the _application_ of objective rules and principles is a
_dynamic process_ which may therefore give rise (on occasion at least) to some
unpredictability as well as uncertainty (particularly in an imperfect world),
it is certainly the _very antithesis_ of the law to argue that the law is
wholly subjective and that (putting it crudely) “anything goes”. Indeed, as
[was] observed in the Singapore High Court decision of _Forefront Medical
Technology (Pte) Ltd v Modern-Pak Private Ltd_ :

[I]t is important to stress that notwithstanding many academic critiques to
the effect that commercial certainty and predictability are chimerical, it
cannot be gainsaid that the _perception_ of their importance is deeply
entrenched within the commercial legal landscape in general and in the
individual psyches of commercial parties (and even non-commercial parties, for
that matter) in particular. It may be worth observing that most of these
critiques stem from a radical view of the law. To put it bluntly, many of such
views stem from the premise that objectivity of the law is not merely elusive
but positively illusory. In particular, such a sceptical approach is based on
the idea that everything is subjective. This is, of course, the very
antithesis of the very enterprise of the law itself. Such an approach also
conveniently misses its own absolute cast. Unfortunately, though, it is an
absolute view that dispirits and disempowers. It is profoundly negative and
ought to be avoided at all costs.

Indeed, the view that the law is subjective (and, consequently, arbitrary)
would cause an irreparable loss in the _legitimacy_ of the law in the eyes of
_the public_. And, as just mentioned, it would also dispirit as well as
disempower lawyers, judges and students alike. And, from just a logical
perspective (as also pointed out in the judgment just mentioned), the very
view that all law is subjective is _itself_ an “absolute” proposition that
thus involves circularity and (more importantly) self-contradiction.

...

[S]implistic reductionism must, [it should be added], be assiduously avoided
by all concerned (including the courts) – if nothing else, because life is too
complex. [The preferred approach is] viewing doctrine and fairness as an
_interactive_ process, although the attainment of a fair result in each case
is the ultimate aim of the court.

[emphasis in original]

139 Indeed, as we have sought to demonstrate above, it is (on the _contrary_)
the concept of _assumption of responsibility_ which engenders excessive
uncertainty (see generally above at [94]-[100]) – not least because it is
premised on a very broad and vague concept of interpretation, when what is in
fact required are clear and specific rules and principles of law (which
criterion is fulfilled, in our view, by the traditional rules and principles
of law relating to remoteness of damage in contract law).

Conclusion

140 Consistent with the analysis set out above, we take this opportunity to
confirm the approach relating to remoteness of damage in the law of contract
as set out in the decision of this court in _Robertson Quay_ (which affirmed
the principles laid down in _Hadley_). We also take this opportunity to state
that the approach advocated by Lord Hoffmann in _The Achilleas_ is not the law
in Singapore, except to the extent that the learned law lord’s reliance on the
concept of assumption of responsibility by the defendant is already
incorporated or embodied in both limbs in _Hadley_ itself.

141 Let us turn now to apply the relevant legal principles to the facts of the
present proceedings – specifically, the damages to be awarded in the _post-_
breach context.

Our decision

142 The Appellants contended that the post-breach losses (if at all) suffered
by the Respondent were not recoverable at law. They contended that the issue
of recovery of post-breach losses was not just about remoteness (which the
Judge based her decision upon). Instead, they contended that the Respondent
was claiming for damages arising from alleged continuing effects of their
breaches and that there was no legal authority for such a claim.

143 In our view, the losses that the Respondent is claiming in this particular
context are nothing more than losses incurred based on the effect of the
Appellants’ breaches and it is quite illogical as well as unrealistic to
expect losses to cease immediately after the breaches had stopped. We
therefore agree with the Judge that the Appellants are liable for the post-
breach losses, and that she correctly took into account the trailing-off
effect when assessing damages to account for the fact that with the passage of
time, more and more consumers would become aware of the changes, and that the
after-effects of the breaches would (as a consequence) decrease accordingly.
As for the period of six months which the Judge decided as constituting the
duration for the Post-Breach Period, we are respectfully of the view (like the
AR) that (given the nature of the breaches themselves) a period of 12 months
would constitute a reasonable period of time given that it would take some
time for the consumer to become aware of the changes. However, like the Judge,
we are also of the view that the damages awardable for that particular period
should be halved in order to reflect the fact that there ought to be some
allowance made for a gradual decrease in the effect of the Appellants’
breaches.

144 We also note that the Judge applied the principles in the first limb of
_Hadley_ , with the result that the Respondent should receive damages as may
be fairly and reasonably be considered to arise naturally according to the
usual course of things as a result of the Appellants’ breaches of contract.

145 As already explained above, we are of the view that the applicable legal
principles are those which have their source in _Hadley_ (and which were
confirmed by this court in _Robertson Quay_). We also agree with the Judge
(for the reasons set out above at [37]) that, having regard to the nature of
the loss claimed by the Respondent during the Post-Breach Period, the damages
which would be awardable would fall within the _first limb_ in _Hadley_. It
now remains to ascertain the _quantum_ of damages to be awarded.

146 Adopting the same methodology as that applied in ascertaining the quantum
of damages which ought to be awarded to the Respondent during the Breach
Period (see above at [68]–[70]), we note, first, that the predicted or
projected percentage change in actual gross sales during the period between
February 2007 and January 2008 can be estimated to be 2.31 per cent (-0.38 per
cent + 2.69 per cent) – a figure which we find to be not unreasonable, having
regard to the overall circumstances (including Fish & Co’s projections during
_the Breach Period_ itself (see above at [41])) and which reflects (in this
_higher_ projected percentage change in actual gross sales compared to that
with respect to the Breach Period) the _continuation_ of the upward trend
noted above (at [68]). We also note that the predicted or projected gross
sales during the preceding period (_viz_ , between February 2006 and January
2007), as calculated above, was $2,803,911.82 (see above at [68]). In the
circumstances, therefore (and having regard to the predicted or projected
percentage change of 2.31 per cent), the _predicted or projected_ gross sales
during the period between February 2007 and January 2008 would be
$2,868,682.18. Having regard to the fact that the _actual_ gross sales was
$2,493,281.65,[note: 10] the difference between the predicted or projected
gross sales and the actual gross sales is $375,400.53 (_ie_ , $2,868,682.18 –
$2,493,281.65). Taking into account the profit margin of 52.38 per cent (see
above at [26] and [68]) _as well as_ the fact that the damages to be awarded
during the Post-Breach Period are for a duration of _12 months_ (which amount
should, in our view, be adjusted by half in order to take into account (as did
the Judge) the fact that there ought to be some allowance made for a gradual
decrease in the effect of the Appellants’ breaches (see above at [143])), the
amount of damages that ought to be awarded to the Respondent during this
particular period is _$98,317.40_ (_ie_ , $375,400.53 ÷ 2 × 52.38 per cent).

Conclusion

147 For the reasons set out above, we allow the appeal in part inasmuch as the
total amount of damages to be awarded to the Respondent is _$193,967.38_
(comprising $95,649.98 for damages to be awarded during the Breach Period (see
above at [70]) _and_ $98,317.40 for damages to be awarded during the Post-
Breach Period (see above at [146])).

148 In so far as the costs of the present appeals are concerned, each party is
to bear its own costs. As for the costs of the proceedings below, both the
costs orders before the AR as well as the Judge are to remain. The usual
consequential orders will apply.

* * *

[note: 1]Appellants’ Core Bundle (“ACB”) (Vol II) at pp 47–48.

[note: 2]Respondent’s Core Bundle at pp 3–5.

[note: 3]Record of Appeal (“RA”) (Vol III Part H) at p 2298.

[note: 4]See RA (Vol III Part E) at pp 1429, 1438–1440 and 1463.

[note: 5]See ACB (Vol II) at p 149 and the Respondent’s Case at para 275.

[note: 6]See the Respondent’s Case at para 278.

[note: 7]See the Respondent’s Case at paras 276–278.

[note: 8]See ACB (Vol II) at p 149 and the Respondent’s Case at para 275.

[note: 9]See ACB (Vol II) at p 149.

[note: 10]See ACB (Vol II) at p 149.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 18 Oct 2010 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

