Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Yang Dan _v_ Xian De Lai Shanghai Cuisine Pte Ltd  
[2010] SGHC 346

Case Number| :| District Court Suit No 4289 of 2009 (Registrar's Appeal No 98
of 2010)  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 25 November 2010  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Woo Bih Li J  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Harvindarjit Singh Bath (Hoh Law Corporation) for the
Plaintiff/Respondent; Ooi Oon Tat (Wong Alliance LLP) for the
Defendant/Appellant.  
Parties| :|  Yang Dan — Xian De Lai Shanghai Cuisine Pte Ltd  
  
25 November 2010| Judgment reserved.  
---|---  
  
Woo Bih Li J:

Background

1 The Workmen’s Compensation (Amendment) Act (Act 5 of 2008) (“Amendment Act”)
made amendments to the Workmen’s Compensation Act (Cap 354, 1998 Rev Ed)
(“WCA”). One of the amendments was to rename WCA as the “Work Injury
Compensation Act”. The amended and renamed Act, the Work Injury Compensation
Act (Cap 354, 2009 Rev Ed) (“WICA”), came into force on 1 April 2008 (see
Workmen’s Compensation (Amendment) Act (Commencement) Notification 2008 (S
164/2008)). Under s 41 Amendment Act, some provisions of WICA apply to
injuries occurring before the coming into force of WICA.

2 Under WICA, an employee may sue in court for damages under common law
(“General Law Claim”), even if the employee fails in his claim for
compensation under WICA, provided that certain conditions are satisfied. WCA
also has provisions dealing with the situation of a workman failing in his
claim for compensation under WCA and then making a General Law Claim. I will
refer to a claim for compensation under either WICA or WCA as a “Compensation
Claim”.

3 The case before me is governed by a mixture of WICA and WCA provisions. I
have to decide whether the respondent, Yang Dan, who received an assessment of
zero incapacity in his Compensation Claim is allowed to subsequently make a
General Law Claim on the facts before me.

Facts

4 The respondent was employed by the appellant, Xian De Lai Shanghai Cuisine
Pte Ltd, as a chef. On 13 December 2006, the respondent was injured in an
accident (“the Accident”) in the course of his employment as a chef. The
respondent was using a handheld rotary grinder to sharpen kitchen knives and a
saw. The grinding disc of the rotary grinder broke and a piece flew into the
respondent’s face, injuring him.

5 In December 2007, the respondent made a Compensation Claim. On 21 December
2007, Dr Ng Siew Weng (“Dr Ng”) of the Singapore General Hospital issued a
medical report entitled “Medical Report for Workmen’s Compensation (Initial
Assessment)” (“the Medical Report”). In that report, Dr Ng recommended that
“zero %” was to be awarded for permanent incapacity. The Medical Report stated
that the _Guide to the Assessment of Traumatic Injuries and Occupational
Diseases for Workmen’s Compensation_ , 5th Ed (“the Guide”) issued by the
Ministry of Manpower was to be used for the medical assessment. According to
the Guide, a medical assessment is only required for permanent incapacity and
not for temporary incapacity (see the Guide at 6).

6 On 17 January 2008, the Commissioner for Labour (“the Commissioner”) issued
a Notice of Assessment of Compensation which assessed that the respondent had
no permanent incapacity resulting from accident arising out of and in the
course of employment.

7 The respondent did not serve any notice of objection in the assessment. On
the other hand, it appears that the insurer of the appellant did so on the
basis that its policy did not cover the date of the Accident. The insurer’s
objection was unnecessary in the circumstances as the assessment was for no
permanent incapacity. In any event, presumably as a result of the insurer’s
objection, a pre-hearing conference was held on 6 May 2008. At that
conference, both the respondent and the appellant accepted that there would be
zero compensation.

8 On 7 May 2008, the Commissioner issued a Certificate of Order made under
WICA stating that by consent, the respondent’s permanent incapacity was
assessed to be zero percent for his Compensation Claim. The Certificate of
Order referred to reg 11 Work Injury Compensation Regulations (S 165/2008)
(“WICR”). WICR came into force on 1 April 2008 (see reg 1 WICR). Regulation 11
WICR provides, _inter alia_ , for the form to be used for an order made by the
Commissioner. I should add that s 25B(5) WICA allows the Commissioner to
record any settlement reached by the parties at a pre-hearing conference and
to make an order to give effect to the settlement. As I explain below, s 25B
WICA applies retrospectively to injuries occurring before 1 April 2008 (see s
41(2) Amendment Act).

9 Nineteen months later, on 7 December 2009, the respondent’s solicitors wrote
to the Commissioner requesting to withdraw the respondent’s claim for
compensation. The Commissioner replied on 24 December 2009 that the
respondent’s claim could not be withdrawn because an order had been made in
satisfaction of the Compensation Claim after a pre-hearing conference dated 6
May 2008.

10 On 9 December 2009, the respondent commenced this action against the
appellant in the District Court for damages, claiming that the appellant
breached its common law and statutory duties.

11 On 30 December 2009, the appellant applied to strike out the respondent’s
action under O 18, r 19 of the Rules of Court (Cap 322, R 5, 2006 Rev Ed) on
the ground that the respondent could not maintain this action in the light of
the Commissioner’s order dated 7 May 2008. A Deputy Registrar struck out the
respondent’s action on 20 April 2010. The respondent appealed. Leslie Chew DJ
(the “District Judge”) allowed the appeal on 3 June 2010 (see _Yang Dan v Xian
De Lai Shanghai Cuisine Pte Ltd_ [2010] SGDC 237 (“ _Yang Dan_ ”)).

The governing provisions of WCA and WICA

12 As stated above, the present case is governed by a mixture of WCA and WICA
provisions. I should identify the relevant provisions and describe them in
some detail before considering the District Judge’s decision.

The provisions of WICA which are applicable in the present case

13 Section 41 Amendment Act sets out transitional and savings provisions to
deal with the transition from WCA to WICA. Section 41 Amendment Act provides
as follows:

Transitional and savings provisions

41\. —(1) Subject to subsections (2) to (5) and any regulations made under
subsection (6), the provisions of the principal Act as amended by this Act
shall not apply with respect to claims for compensation, and any rights and
obligations, in respect of personal injury caused by accidents happening
before the date of commencement of this section, and the provisions of the
principal Act in force immediately before the commencement of this section
shall continue to apply with respect to those claims for compensation and
rights and obligations as if this Act had not been enacted.

(2) Sections 9, 11 (_a_) and (_b_), 15, 19, 21, 25, 26, 27, 28 (_a_), 30
(_b_), 32 and 35 of this Act shall apply with respect to claims for
compensation, and any rights and obligations, in respect of personal injury
caused by accidents happening before the respective dates of commencement of
those sections.

(3) Sections 13 (_b_), 23 (_a_), (_b_), (_c_), (_e_) and (_f_), 24 and 33 of
this Act shall apply with respect to claims for compensation, and any rights
and obligations, in respect of personal injury caused by accidents happening
before the respective dates of commencement of those sections except where a
claim for compensation in respect of the injury has been made before the
respective dates of commencement of those sections (referred to in this
subsection as an excepted claims); and the former provisions of the principal
Act in force immediately before the commencement of those sections shall
continue to apply to those excepted claims as if those sections had not been
enacted.

(4) Sections 23 (_d_), 28 (_b_) and 30 (_c_) of this Act shall apply with
respect to claims for compensation, and any rights and obligations, in respect
of personal injury caused by accidents happening before the respective dates
of commencement of those sections except where an order has been made before
the respective dates of commencement of those sections; and the former
provisions of the principal Act in force immediately before the commencement
of those sections shall continue to apply to all those claims and rights and
obligations as if those sections had not been enacted.

(5) Any subsidiary legislation made under the principal Act as in force before
the commencement of section 22 of this Act and in force immediately before
that commencement shall, so far as it is not inconsistent with the provisions
of the principal Act as amended, continue in force until it is revoked or
repealed by subsidiary legislation made under the principal Act as amended by
section 22 of this Act.

(6) For a period of 2 years after the date of commencement of this section,
the Minister may, by regulations published in the _Gazette_ , prescribe such
provisions of a savings or transitional nature consequent on the enactment of
this Act, as he may consider necessary or expedient.

Section 41 Amendment Act uses the words “this Act” to refer to the Amendment
Act and “principal Act” to refer to WCA.

14 Section 41(1) Amendment Act provides, in effect, a general rule that WICA
is _not_ to apply to claims for compensation, and any rights and obligations,
in respect of personal injury caused by accidents happening before 1 April
2008. The other subsections of the said s 41 provide for exceptions to this
general rule.

15 Under s 41(2) Amendment Act, certain sections of the Amendment Act are said
to apply to claims for compensation, and any rights and obligations, in
respect of personal injury caused by accidents happening _before_ 1 April
2008. From the said s 41(2), I note that the following sections of WICA, so
far as material to the present case, apply retrospectively:

(a) **Sections 25A to 25D WICA** : This is because s 41(2) Amendment Act
refers to s 25 Amendment Act. That section introduces ss 25A to 25D WICA.

(b) **Section 28(1) WICA** : This is because s 41(2) Amendment Act refers to s
28(a) Amendment Act. That section makes amendments to s 28(1) WCA.

16 The exceptions under s 41(3) Amendment Act are not applicable in the
present case because the respondent’s Compensation Claim was made before 1
April 2008.

17 The exceptions under s 41(4) Amendment Act are applicable because the
Commissioner made an order after 1 April 2008. The said s 41(4) refers to s
28(b) Amendment Act. That section introduces s 28(1A) WICA.

18 I have so far stated the material provisions of WICA that are applicable in
the present case. In the next section, I will describe the provisions of WCA
and WICA that are relevant to the present case.

The relevant provisions of WCA and WICA

19 Under s 24 WCA, the Commissioner has the power to assess and make an order
on the amount of compensation. Section 24(2) WCA provides for the Commissioner
to serve a notice stating the amount of compensation payable in accordance
with the assessment made by the Commissioner under s 24(1) WCA. Section 24(3)
WCA provides that if no objection is received by the Commissioner within two
weeks of service of the notice under s 24(2) WCA, then the employer and the
person claiming compensation are deemed to agree to the assessment and the
assessment of compensation shall have the effect of an order under s 25(2) WCA
(“Deemed Order”) but no appeal shall lie against such an order. Section 24(1)
to (4) WCA are either not relevant or not applicable to the present case. It
is useful to set out s 24(1) to (3) WCA in full:

24\. —(1) Subject to the provisions of this Act, the Commissioner shall have
power to assess and make an order on the amount of compensation payable to any
person on any application made by or on behalf of that person.

(2) The Commissioner shall cause to be served on the employer and the person
claiming compensation personally or by registered post a notice stating the
amount of the compensation payable in accordance with the assessment made by
the Commissioner under subsection (1).

(3) If no objection is received by the Commissioner within two weeks of the
service of the notice under subsection (2), the assessment of compensation
made by the Commissioner-

(a) shall be deemed to have been agreed upon by the employer and the person
claiming compensation; and

(b) shall have the effect of an order under section 25 (2) but no appeal shall
lie against such an order.

20 If written objection is made to the notice of assessment of compensation
within the stipulated deadline, then s 25(2) WCA provides that the
Commissioner shall as soon as practicable conduct a hearing of the case and
may hand down a decision accordingly and in pursuance of that decision, make
such order for the payment of compensation as he thinks just (“Post-hearing
Order”). It is useful to set out s 25 WCA in full:

25\. —(1) If any employer or person claiming compensation objects to the
notice of assessment of compensation issued by the Commissioner under section
24, he may, within 14 days of the service of the notice of assessment, give
notice of his objection in writing to the Commissioner stating precisely the
grounds of his objection.

(1A) The Commissioner may, in his discretion, allow an objection to be made
after the period specified in subsection (1).

(2) On receipt of the notice of objection referred to in subsection (1), the
Commissioner shall as soon as practicable conduct a hearing of the case and
may hand down a decision accordingly and in pursuance of that decision make
such order for the payment of compensation as he thinks just.

(3) The Commissioner may, before conducting any hearing under this section,
require a preliminary investigation to be made by such public officer as he
shall appoint in writing in that behalf into the circumstances of any workman
and for this purpose section 30 shall apply to that officer.

(4) Any public officer appointed under subsection (3) to make a preliminary
investigation shall, upon completing the investigation, forward to the
Commissioner the record of the investigation and that record shall form part
of the record of the Commissioner.

21 Under s 25A WICA, which is applicable in the present case, the Commissioner
may, _inter alia_ , make such order at any time after a Compensation Claim is
made. Under s 25B WICA, which is also applicable in the present case, the
Commissioner is given the power to direct the parties to attend a pre-hearing
conference. If the parties agree to a settlement of some or all matters for
hearing, the Commissioner may record the settlement and make an order to give
effect to the settlement (s 25B(5) WICA) . For present purposes, I will refer
to an order to give effect to a settlement of all matters for hearing as a
“Settlement Order”. Section 25D WICA is also applicable in the present case.
That section allows the Commissioner to conduct a hearing after a Compensation
Claim is made, hand down a decision and make an order for payment of
compensation at or after the hearing. This is a post-hearing order which is
similar to the Post-hearing Order under s 25(2) WCA.

22 Section 28(1) WICA, which is applicable in the present case, provides that
an order made or deemed to be made under, _inter alia_ , ss 24, 25A, 25B, 25C
or 25D must be enforced by a District Court in the same manner as a judgment
of that court.

23 It is important to appreciate the difference between an assessment and an
order in the scheme of the WCA and WICA provisions described above. The
Commissioner’s making of an assessment and his service of a notice of
assessment under ss 24(1) and (2) WCA are, in effect, the first stage of the
determination of a Compensation Claim (“the Assessment Stage”). After the
Assessment Stage, the workman or the employer has two weeks to object to the
Commissioner’s assessment. If either party objects within that period, the
Compensation Claim proceeds to a second stage. At this second stage (“the
Hearing Stage”), the Commissioner conducts a hearing, makes a decision and
makes a Post-hearing Order if there is no settlement of all matters before he
makes that decision. If after the Assessment Stage, there is no objection to
the Commissioner’s assessment within two weeks, the assessment becomes a
Deemed Order. Furthermore, under ss 25A and 25B WICA, at any time after a
Compensation Claim is made, the Commissioner may give such direction as he
thinks fit and may require parties to attend a pre-hearing conference. If the
parties agree to a settlement of all matters for hearing during a pre-hearing
conference, the Commissioner may record that settlement and make a Settlement
Order to give effect to the settlement under s 25B(5) WICA. All three types of
orders, _ie_ , a Deemed Order, a Settlement Order and a Post-hearing Order are
different from the Commissioner’s assessment.

24 Another provision that is important to this appeal is s 33 WCA. Section
33(2) WCA prohibits (“the Section 33 Prohibition”) a workman from maintaining
an action in court for any injury if he has applied to the Commissioner for
compensation under WCA (s 33(2)(a) WCA) or if he has recovered damages for the
injury in any court from any other person (s 33(2)(b) WCA). Section 33(3)
deals with the reverse situation of a workman who commences a General Law
Claim against his employer in court and fails in that claim but under
circumstances where the employer would have been liable to pay compensation
under WCA. In such a situation, s 33(3) WCA provides that if the workman
chooses, the court must assess compensation under WCA and deduct from that
amount all or part of the costs which in the court’s judgment were caused by
the workman maintaining a General Law Claim instead of a Compensation Claim.
The relevant provisions of s 33 read as follows:

(2) _No action for damages shall be maintainable in any court_ by a workman
against his employer in respect of any injury —

(a) _if he has applied_ to the Commissioner for compensation under the
provisions of this Act; or

(b) if he has recovered damages in respect of the injury in any court from any
other person.

(3) If an action is brought within the time specified in section 11 in any
court to recover damages independently of this Act for injury caused by any
accident and it is determined in the action or on appeal that the injury is
one for which the employer is not liable but that he would have been liable to
pay compensation under the provisions of this Act, the action shall be
dismissed; but the court shall, if the workman so chooses, proceed to assess
the compensation and may deduct therefrom all or any part of the costs which,
in its judgment, have been caused by the workman instituting the action
instead of proceeding under this Act.

[emphasis added]

25 It is also helpful to bear in mind that in _Ying Tai Plastic & Metal
Manufacturing (S) Pte Ltd v Zahrin bin Rabu_ [1983-1984] SLR(R) 212 (“ _Ying
Tai Plastic_ ”), a Court of Appeal decision that I will consider later, s
33(1) and s 33(2) WCA were both comprised in s 33(1) of the relevant
legislation then.

The decision below

26 The District Judge first held that the case was governed by WCA and not
WICA. This was an error. As I have noted above, the present case is governed
by a mixture of WCA and WICA provisions.

27 The District Judge considered the argument that the respondent could not
withdraw his application for compensation because his claim had been finally
assessed. However, the District Judge found that WCA did not expressly bar a
claimant from making a General Law Claim if he fails in his Compensation
Claim. The District Judge’s reasons were as follows:

(a) The District Judge noted that the respondent could not withdraw his
Compensation Claim, because it had been finally assessed. In the view of the
District Judge, it did not make sense to speak of _withdrawing_ a claim for
compensation when the claim had already been conclusively disposed of. The
District Judge considered that the views of the High Court in _Rahenah bte L
Mande v Baxter Healthcare Pte Ltd and Another_ [2002] SGHC 320 (“ _Rahenah_ ”)
and _Chua Ah Beng v Commissioner for Labour_ [2002] 2 SLR(R) 945 (“ _Chua Ah
Beng_ ”) supported his opinion that a Compensation Claim could not be
withdrawn after the Commissioner finally assessed it. However, the District
Judge considered that the real issue before him was whether the respondent
could _still_ maintain his General Law Claim having regard to the scheme under
WCA and on general principles. Accordingly, it did not matter that the
respondent could not withdraw his Compensation Claim, as such.

(b) Under s 25 WCA, an unsatisfied claimant has 14 days to make an objection
to the Commissioner’s assessment. The District Court in _Abdus Salam Hashem
Miah v Utraco Pte Ltd_ [2005] SGDC 231 (“ _Abdus Salam_ ”) took the view that
a claimant who fails to make an objection within 14 days would be abusing the
process of the court if he were to make a General Law Claim. The District
Judge disagreed with _Abdus Salam_. In his view, the object of WCA was
intended to make it easier for claimants to recover compensation and not to
make it difficult to do so.

(c) Under s 25 WCA, a claimant who fails to object to the Commissioner’s
assessment within 14 days loses the right to have a hearing before the
Commissioner. Section 25 does not provide that a further consequence of
failing to object within 14 days is that the claimant will be barred from
making a General Law Claim. In the District Judge’s view, it would be
incorrect to read s 25 WCA as imposing such a further consequence.

(d) It would not be correct to say that a claimant loses his right to make a
General Law Claim unless WCA, or some other law, expressly says so. The
District Judge did not find any provision in WCA (or under any other law)
which expressly precluded a workman from instituting a General Law Claim if he
should fail in his Compensation Claim. Neither would the availability of a
General Law Claim in the present circumstances militate against the spirit of
WCA.

(e) The District Judge opined that his reading of WCA does not prejudice
employers. In his view, employers will not be exposed to multiple proceedings
because the WCA regime is premised on no fault recovery. This is different
from the scheme of recovery under general law.

(f) The District Judge was persuaded by the views of the High Court in
_obiter_ in _Chua Ah Beng_ where the High Court remarked that a claimant who
fails in his Compensation Claim may make a General Law Claim.

(g) The District Judge rejected an argument made by the appellant’s counsel
that the respondent would be “getting 2 bites of the cherry” if he were
allowed to maintain his General Law Claim. The District Judge considered that
the respondent would, instead, be getting “separate bites of two different
cherries”.

The Issue

28 The issue on appeal is whether the respondent is entitled to pursue a
General Law Claim in the circumstances before me.

The case law

29 I should set out in some detail the previous case law on the interpretation
of s 33(2)(a) WCA.

Ying Tai Plastic

30 The Court of Appeal in _Ying Tai Plastic_ held that an application to the
Commissioner does not “ _ipso facto_ abrogate a workman’s common law right for
damages” (_Ying Tai Plastic_ at [26]). According to the Court of Appeal, a
workman has the right to withdraw his Compensation Claim and make a General
Law Claim (_Ying Tai Plastic_ at [27]). However, it is important to bear in
mind that in that case, no assessment for compensation had been made yet.

31 In the cases of Rahenah and Chua Ah Beng, it was also suggested (at [16]
and [18] in Rahenah and [38] in Chua Ah Beng) that the workman would have to
withdraw his Compensation Claim before proceeding with a General Law Claim.
The suggestions in those two cases appear to have been influenced by what the
Court of Appeal said in Ying Tai Plastic at [25]:

25 Under s 33(1)(a) the worker is debarred from bringing a common law action
for damages so long as there is an application by the workman before the
Commissioner for compensation. But this debarment in no way affects the cause
of action already vested in him. The Act does not prohibit the withdrawal of
the application for compensation. As soon as the application for compensation
is _withdrawn_ , the right to maintain an action revives and the workman can
then proceed with his action for damages in the court. The workman's right to
compensation under the Act lies dormant while he pursues his common law action
but should he lose the action he may choose to ask the court, under s 33(2),
to assess compensation under the Act.

[emphasis added]

However, in Pang Chen Suan v Commissioner for Labour [2008] 3 SLR(R) 648
(“Pang Chen Suan”), the Court of Appeal said at [34] that the point was not
decided in Ying Tai Plastic and suggested, obiter, at [33] that a workman may
suspend or stay his Compensation Claim and proceed with a General Law Claim or
vice versa. For brevity, any references to a withdrawal of a Compensation
Claim in this judgment should be taken as including a reference to the
alternative mechanism of suspending or staying a Compensation Claim.

32 I should also mention a point that was made in the High Court decision in
Ying Tai Plastic (see Zahrin bin Rabu v Ying Tai Plastic & Metal Manufacturing
(S) Pte Ltd [1981-1982] SLR(R) 511 (“Ying Tai Plastic (High Court)”)). At the
High Court, A P Rajah J observed that the Commissioner in the case before him
had not made an order for compensation. Rajah J further observed that if such
an order had been made, it could have been argued that the order merged with
other rights of action (at [22]):

22 In the instant case no order for compensation has been made by the
Commissioner. _Had there been such an order made one might then, perhaps, have
reasonably argued that the order operates to merge all other rights of action
in respect of the injury in it_ , more so in view of the provisions of s 28 of
the Act which enacts:

Where an order has been made by the Commissioner under section 25 it shall be
enforced by a District Court in the same manner as a judgment of that Court
and all necessary processes may be served by the Court on behalf of the
Commissioner:

Provided that no sale of immovable property shall for the purposes of such
enforcement be ordered except by the High Court.

[emphasis added]

33 I will return to Rajah J’s observation on merger later. At this point, it
is sufficient to note that Rajah J’s view seemed to have been that an order
made by the Commissioner under s 25 WCA would result in a merger of the
workman’s rights of action with the order. He did not seem to have addressed
the possibility of the workman’s rights of action merging with the
Commissioner’s assessment of compensation. As explained above, an assessment
of compensation is different from an order under s 25 WCA.

High Court cases

34 Coming back to the issue before me, three High Court cases are relevant.

35 The first is _Rahenah_. In that case, Judith Prakash J held that a workman
had to expressly notify the Commissioner that he is withdrawing his
Compensation Claim before pursuing a General Law Claim. _Rahenah_ concerned a
workman who made a General Law Claim while her Compensation Claim was still
pending. Of importance is the following statement at [18] of Prakash J’s
decision:

18 … Whilst I agreed with the District Judge that no formal mode of withdrawal
was prescribed by the legislation, and also the plaintiff had the right to
withdraw the claim at any time _before it had been finally assessed by the
Commissioner_ , I took the view that such withdrawal had to be expressly
notified to the Commissioner. …

[emphasis added]

36 This passage shows that Prakash J’s view was that a workman could only
withdraw his claim before the Commissioner _finally assessed_ the Compensation
Claim. The words “finally assessed” are ambiguous. Similar words were used by
the District Judge. They could refer literally to a mere assessment by the
Commissioner. That seemed to be the interpretation of counsel before me.
Alternatively, Prakash J could have been using the words loosely to mean the
stage where an _order_ is made or deemed to be made by the Commissioner. This
alternative interpretation is supported by Prakash J’s use of the word
“finally” in describing the Commissioner’s assessment.

37 The next case that should be considered is _Chua Ah Beng_. The decision in
_Chua Ah Beng_ was released just nine days after Prakash J gave her grounds of
decision in _Rahenah_.

38 _Chua Ah Beng_ concerned the interpretation of s 33(3) WCA, which is
described above. In that case, Tay Yong Kwang JC made _obiter_ remarks on s
33(2) WCA.

39 At [31] of his decision, Tay JC remarked as follows:

…(f) A workman may sue his employer in court if he withdraws his claim under
the WCA _before it has been determined_ (the _Ying Tai Plastic_ case); …

[emphasis added]

40 This suggests that Tay JC read _Ying Tai Plastic_ as providing that in
order for a workman to maintain a General Law Claim, he must withdraw his
claim _before_ the workman’s Compensation Claim has been determined. It is not
clear what Tay JC meant by the determination of a Compensation Claim. He could
have been referring to either an assessment or an order.

41 At [32]–[33] of his decision, Tay JC said as follows:

32 In my opinion, _it is not clear_ from the provisions of the WCA whether or
not a workman who has made a claim under the WCA _but fails in that claim_ may
then commence an action in court against his employer. …

33 On 19 October 1971, the Minister for Labour, in moving the second reading
of the Workmen’s Compensation (Amendment) Bill, stated in Parliament:

[T]he most important amendment to the Ordinance related to the quantum of
workmen’s compensation. I would like to stress that the Ordinance is an
essential piece of legislation which assures workers that, in the event of
accidents arising out of or in the course of employment, they or members of
their families would be compensated financially.

Bearing this in mind, I am more inclined to hold the view that a workman who
has applied for compensation under the WCA _but fails in his claim_ (whether
before the Commissioner for Labour or on appeal) _may then commence an action
against his employer_.

[emphasis added]

42 Here, Tay JC takes the view that a workman who “fails” in his Compensation
Claim may proceed with a General Law Claim. It is not clear what he meant by
failing in a Compensation Claim. Again, Tay JC could have been referring to a
workman who obtains a zero compensation assessment or, alternatively, a
workman who obtains a zero compensation _order_.

43 The third case of relevance was _Xu Jiang Lin v Tiong Seng Contractors Pte
Ltd_ DC Suit 3594/2004 (“ _Xu Jiang Lin_ ”). In _Xu Jiang Lin_ , the
Commissioner assessed the plaintiff workman’s compensation at $11,771.57.
After the Commissioner’s assessment, the plaintiff purported to withdraw his
Compensation Claim within the stipulated time frame under WCA to object to the
assessment. Aedit Abdullah DJ agreed that the plaintiff had withdrawn his
Compensation Claim but held that the withdrawal was ineffective because of his
failure to also object to the Commissioner’s assessment. Abdullah DJ concluded
that the plaintiff was barred from commencing a General Law Claim (see _Xu
Jiang Lin v Tiong Seng Contractors Pte Ltd_ [2005] SGDC 270 at [40]).

44 The plaintiff appealed against Abdullah DJ’s decision. Prakash J allowed
the appeal. Prakash J did not provide any written grounds of decision.
However, she decided that the workman’s withdrawal of his Compensation Claim
was effective even though the withdrawal was made _after_ the Commissioner’s
positive assessment and that the workman’s General Law Claim should be
reinstated.

45 It should be noted that if Prakash J’s use of the words “finally assessed”
in _Rahenah_ are read as referring to a withdrawal before an _assessment_ by
the Commissioner, her decision in _Xu Jiang Lin_ would be contrary to her view
in _Rahenah_.

District Court cases

46 Two District Court cases are also relevant. They reached opposing
conclusions.

47 The first is _Abdus Salam_. The facts in _Abdus Salam_ are similar to the
present case. The plaintiff workman made a Compensation Claim. The
Commissioner assessed that zero compensation was payable. The plaintiff did
not object to the notice of assessment within 14 days. The plaintiff then
purported to withdraw his Compensation Claim 10 months after the service of
the notice of assessment and commenced a General Law Claim. Mavis Chionh DJ
decided that the plaintiff could not withdraw his claim after the
Commissioner’s “final determination”. Chionh DJ declined to follow Tay JC’s
remarks in _Chua Ah Beng_ , considering his remarks to have been made in
_obiter_. The words “final determination” are also not clear. However, it
appears that Chionh DJ was referring to an order because she later relied on s
24(3) WCA as support for her holding. She seemed to have considered that the
Commissioner’s assessment had become a Deemed Order.

48 The second District Court case, _MD Sokon Uddin MD Nurul Bhuiyan v OES
Constructions Pte Ltd and W.G. Prestige Associates (Pte) Ltd_ DC Suit
4142/2006 (“ _MD Sokon_ ”), came to an opposite conclusion. In that case, the
workman gave a notice of objection to an assessment more than one year after
the assessment. Toh Han Li DJ decided that the plaintiff workman could
maintain a General Law Claim even after the Commissioner assessed that he had
zero percent permanent incapacity. Toh DJ did not provide written grounds of
decision. However, the following portion of Toh DJ’s notes of arguments
indicates his reasons:

In the present case, the assessment by the Commissioner for Labour is 0
permanent incapacity. _There can be no danger of double recovery which is what
the Act guard against_ [_sic_]. In my view, the facts come under the scenario
painted by Tay JC as a workman who has failed to get compensation under the
Act. He should then be allowed to claim in Court.

[emphasis added]

The House of Lords in Young v Bristol Aeroplane Company

49 In the course of making further arguments, the appellant’s counsel brought
to my attention the House of Lords decision in _Young v Bristol Aeroplane
Company_ [1946] AC 163 (“ _Young_ ”). In _Young_ , a workman maintained a
General Law Claim after having received payments under the Workmen’s
Compensation Act 1925 (c 84) (UK) (“UK WCA 1925”). The issue was whether the
workman’s bringing of a General Law Claim in those circumstances contravened s
29(1) UK WCA, given that the workman knew that he had an alternative right to
pursue a General Law Claim. Section 29(1) UK WCA 1925 reads as follows:

When the injury was caused by the personal negligence or wilful act of the
employer or of some person for whose act or default the employer is
responsible, nothing in this Act shall affect any civil liability of the
employer, but in that case the workman may, at his option, either claim
compensation under this Act or take proceedings independently of this Act; but
the employer shall not be liable to pay compensation for injury to a workman
by accident arising out of and in the course of the employment both
independently of and also under this Act, and shall not be liable to any
proceedings independently of this Act, except in case of such personal
negligence or wilful act as aforesaid.

This provision is different from s 33(2)(a) WCA.

50 All their Lordships agreed that the workman could not maintain a General
Law Claim if he continued to accept payments under UK WCA 1925 after knowing
of his alternative right to pursue a General Law Claim. _Young_ is not
directly relevant to the present appeal because their Lordships were concerned
with whether the workman’s acts amounted to an exercise of his option to claim
compensation under UK WCA 1925. Lord Macmillan, however, made some broader
observations that are relevant to the present appeal. His views are worth
reproducing at length (_Young_ at 179-181):

…In one case the Act permits a locus poenitentiæ. If the workman exercises his
option by bringing an action to recover damages independently of the Act and
fails in that action, he may move the court to assess and award him
compensation under the Act, if otherwise entitled to it, subject to deduction
of the costs caused to his employer by his unsuccessful action. _There is no
parallel provision in the case of an unsuccessful claim under the Act. The
inference is clear that the workman cannot try his luck first under the Act
and then if unsuccessful independently of the Act or vice versa, apart from
the single special concession which I have just mentioned_. It would be a
singular situation if the _employer could have no assurance that finality had
been reached_ in settling a claim either under or independently of the Act
unless he had taken steps to satisfy himself of the state of the workman's
mind and that the workman had made a fully informed "election" between the
alternative courses open to him. It would be grotesque to suggest that the
employer to whom a claim under the Act has been made must ask the workman if
he has considered the possibility of bringing an action against him for
personal negligence or wilful fault lest otherwise any settlement of the claim
under the Act might have no finality because there had been no "election" on
the part of the workman. The workman, like any other citizen, must be presumed
to know the rights which the statute has given him, and must be judged
according to what he does in the exercise of these rights and not according to
the extent of his knowledge of them. …

…

I begin with the easiest case, on which there appears to be general agreement.
If the workman's claim either under or outside the Act is contested and he
institutes proceedings which are carried through to their conclusion and
result in an award of compensation under the Act or in a judgment for damages
outside the Act, all are apparently now agreed that finality has been reached.
The workman cannot be heard to say that in proceeding in the one way or the
other he was unaware of his rights and had never truly exercised his option.
_But what if the workman fails in the proceedings which he has taken? Is he
entitled then to resort to the alternative proceedings which he might have
taken but did not take? The answer in my opinion is in the negative_. I quote
and adopt the words of Cozens-Hardy M.R. in _Cribb v. Kynoch, Ld. (No. 2)_(1):
"I think that the true meaning of the Act is that a workman cannot proceed to
trial under the Act and fail and then proceed by common law action, and, also
cannot proceed by common law action and having failed in that action then
proceed under the Act," subject of course to the special right accorded under
sub-s. 2 of s. 29. The workman by persisting to a conclusion in the
proceedings which he has taken has irrevocably committed himself. _He cannot
be heard to say that he has exercised his option only conditionally on
success_. This view was emphatically approved in Scotland by a court of seven
judges in the case of _Burton v. Chapel Coal Co., Ld_. (2). But in that case a
qualification was admitted, based on the Scottish decisions in _Blain v.
Greenock Foundry Co_. (3) and _M'Donald v. James Dunlop & Co., (1909), Ld_.
(4), and the English case of _Rouse v. Dixon_(5). If the reason of the
workman's failure to recover compensation in proceedings under the Act was
that his case did not fall within the Act, then, it was said, he was not
barred from proceeding outside the Act. The ground for this view, as stated by
Lord Low in _Burton's_ case(6), is that the enactments were "intended to meet
the case of a workman who has, in fact, an option between a claim under the
Act and a claim independently of the Act, and therefore have no application to
the case of a workman who does not fall within the purview of the Act, and has
no title to claim compensation under it." I do not accept this qualification.
In contested claims for compensation the employer's most frequent answer,
apart from questions of quantum, is that the claim does not fall within the
Act because the accident did not arise out of or in the course of the
employment. If the employer succeeds in this plea he is nevertheless, if the
qualification is well-founded, to be exposed to entirely new proceedings
outside the Act. This is, in my opinion, contrary to the true interpretation
of the Act. I agree with Scrutton L.J. that if the workman's case fails it
makes no "difference whether the applicant fails because he is not, or fails
although he is, a 'workman' or 'dependant' within the Act" (Bennett's
case(1)). If the workman takes proceedings under the Act and carries them to a
conclusion, then he has exhausted his rights, notwithstanding that the
conclusion may be that his case does not fall within the Act, for example,
because the accident did not arise out of or in the course of his employment.
He cannot be heard to say that he has exercised his option only conditionally
on his case being held to fall within the Act. The proceedings are under the
Act none the less that the result of the proceedings may be that the workman's
case is held not to come within it. "Proceedings carried to a determination
are conclusive evidence of a final election" (_per_ Bankes L.J. in _Bennett's_
case(2)).

[emphasis added]

51 As the quoted portion of Lord Macmillan’s speech reveals, his Lordship was
of the view that a workman is _not_ entitled to pursue a General Law Claim if
he fails in a prior Compensation Claim. It appears that the motivation for
this view is the need for finality.

52 It is important to note what Lord Macmillan meant by a failed claim under
UK WCA 1925. In the passages quoted above, Lord Macmillan approved the words
of Cozens-Hardy MR in _Cribb v Kynoch, Limited (No. 2)_ [1908] 2 KB 551 (at
555). In that decision, Cozens-Hardy MR referred to a workman who “proceed[s]
_to trial_ under the Act and fail[s]” (emphasis added). Cozens-Hardy MR must
have been referring to the mechanism under the Workmen’s Compensation Act 1897
(c 37) (UK) (“UK WCA 1897”) for the arbitration of any question on liability
to pay compensation under UK WCA 1897 (s 1(3), UK WCA 1897). A similar dispute
resolution mechanism is found in s 21 UK WCA 1925. That section provides for
arbitration by a county court judge or a representative committee of any
questions on liability under UK WCA 1925 if the parties were unable to reach
an agreement. Any agreement reached by the parties or any arbitration award by
the representative committee or the county court judge would be enforceable as
a county court judgment (s 23 UK WCA 1925). Both these mechanisms are similar
to the procedure under s 25 WCA in which the Commissioner conducts a hearing
if the workman objects to his notice of assessment. It is worth also noting
that s 28 WCA is the equivalent of section s 23 UK WCA 1925. The former
provides that an order by the Commissioner under s 25 is enforceable in the
same manner as a judgment of the District Court.

Section 33(2) – 33(2B) WICA

53 It is useful to refer to the equivalent of s 33(2) WCA in WICA. The
equivalent provisions are ss 33(2), 33(2A) and 33(2B) WICA. I should add that
those provisions do not apply retrospectively. The provisions are as follows:

(2) Subject to subsections (2A) and (2B), no action for damages shall be
maintainable in any court by an employee against his employer in respect of
any injury by accident arising out of and in the course of employment —

(_a_) if he has a claim for compensation for that injury under the provisions
of this Act and _does not withdraw his claim within a period of 28 days after
the service of the notice of assessment of compensation_ in respect of that
claim;

(_b_) if he and his employer have agreed or are deemed to have agreed to the
notice of assessment under section 24(2)(a) for that injury; or

(_c_) if he has recovered damages in respect of the injury in any court from
any other person.

(2A) Where —

(_a_) a claim for compensation under this Act is made for an employee’s injury
by accident arising out of and in the course of the employment;

(_b_) there is no objection by the employee to the notice of assessment of
compensation in respect of that claim;

(_c_) the compensation ordered by the Commissioner thereafter in respect of
that claim is of a lesser amount than that stated in that notice of assessment
of compensation in respect of that claim;

(_d_) within a period of 28 days after the making of the order, the employee
notifies the Commissioner and the employer in writing that he does not accept
the compensation so ordered, and has not received or retained any part of such
compensation earlier paid (if any) by the employer; and

(_e_) no appeal under section 29 is made against the order,

the employee may institute an action in any court against his employer for
damages in respect of that injury and any order made by the Commissioner in
respect of that injury shall be void.

(2B) Where —

(_a_) the Commissioner assesses or makes an order that no compensation shall
be payable for a claim for compensation for an employee’s injury by accident
arising out of and in the course of employment because —

(i) the injury did not arise out of and in the course of the employee’s
employment; or

(ii) the injured person is not an employee within the meaning of this Act; or

(_b_) an appeal to the High Court under section 29 from an order made by the
Commissioner has failed because of any reason mentioned in paragraph (a)(i) or
(ii),

the employee may institute an action in any court to recover damages
independently of this Act for injury caused by that accident.

[emphasis added]

54 I observe that WICA expressly allows an employee to withdraw his claim even
if he has received a positive assessment of compensation, but provides that
the employee is to withdraw his Compensation Claim within 28 days after the
Commissioner serves him the notice of assessment.

55 The reasons for the amendments that introduced the above provisions were
explained at the second reading of the Workmen’s Compensation (Amendment) Bill
(Bill 50 of 2007) (“the Bill”) by Mr Gan Kim Yong (the Minister of State for
Manpower) (_Singapore Parliamentary Debates, Official Report_ (22 January
2008) vol 84 at cols 265–266):

Preferred route of compensation

Under the present Act, workers can only claim for injuries from the common law
or the workmen’s compensation system. They cannot do so from both. This makes
sense because the WCA was indeed created to serve as an alternative and more
expeditious route to avoid protracted legal proceedings. However, some
claimants abuse the system by filing claims for both but withdrawing the WCA
claims _at the last minute_ to switch to a civil suit. This imposes
significant commitment of resources, as time and effort would have been
invested to investigate and prepare the case. _Involved parties such as
witnesses would also have committed their time to the adjudication process.
Employers will have to repeat part of the process in the courts_. Processing
time for each case becomes unnecessarily prolonged and as a result,
compensation is delayed. We will streamline the process, so that claimants
through the WCA can have speedy compensation. Nevertheless, even after our
amendments, we still allow adequate time for claimants to decide on either
route whether to claim damages or compensation for their injuries through WCA
or through the civil courts.

[emphasis added]

My Decision

The various possible interpretations

56 Having considered the case law, it appears to me that there are various
possible interpretations of the Section 33 Prohibition:

(a) An application _per se_ is sufficient to trigger the Section 33
Prohibition (“Interpretation 1”). This interpretation was rejected in _Ying
Tai Plastic_.

(b) As long as the workman withdraws his Compensation Claim before the
Commissioner _assesses_ his Compensation Claim, he may proceed with a General
Law Claim (“Interpretation 2”). This was Prakash J’s view in _Rahenah_ , if
one were to interpret “finally assessed” as a reference to the Commissioner’s
assessment.

(c) As long as the workman withdraws his Compensation Claim before an _order_
is made, he may proceed with a General Law Claim (“Interpretation 3”). Chionh
DJ in _Abdus Salam_ adopted this interpretation. This was also Prakash J’s
view in _Rahenah_ if one were to interpret “finally assessed” as a reference
to an order. This interpretation is also consistent with Prakash J’s decision
in _Xu Jiang Lin_. For convenience, an “order” under this para 56 and the rest
of this judgment refers to a Deemed Order, a Settlement Order and a Post-
hearing Order .

(d) The workman may withdraw his Compensation Claim even after an order has
been made if he fails in that claim (“Interpretation 4”). This is Tay JC’s
view in _Chua Ah Beng_ if his reference to a workman _failing_ in his
Compensation Claim is understood to mean a workman who obtains a zero
compensation _order_.

(e) The workman cannot withdraw his Compensation Claim after an order has been
made. However, the workman may _nevertheless_ proceed with a General Law Claim
(“Interpretation 5”). This was the District Judge’s view in the present case
(_Yang Dan_ at [18]). He took the view that a Compensation Claim could not be
withdrawn “as such” but that the workman could nevertheless maintain a General
Law Claim, having regard to the WCA scheme and general principles on the right
to maintain an action at common law (_Yang Dan_ at [26]).

The correct interpretation

57 In my view, the scheme of the WCA and WICA provisions applicable to the
present case shows that Interpretation 3 is the correct interpretation. My
reading of the applicable WCA and WICA provisions in the present case is as
follows:

(a) Under s 24(3) WCA, the Commissioner’s assessment becomes a Deemed Order if
there is no objection thereto within two weeks of the service of the notice of
assessment. Section 25(1) WCA refers to a period of 14 days to do so which is
the same as the two week period. Once there is a Deemed Order, it is then, in
my view, too late for the workman to withdraw his Compensation Claim. In this
regard, while the District Judge said that the consequence of a failure to
object within the relevant time frame is that the workman loses his right to a
hearing and cannot appeal (see _Yang Dan_ at [32]) it is important to bear in
mind that a further consequence of a failure to object within the relevant
time frame is that the assessment becomes a Deemed Order.

(b) If however there is an objection to the assessment within the relevant
time frame, the assessment does not become a Deemed Order. The workman’s right
to withdraw his Compensation Claim and proceed with a General Law Claim
continues for the time being even if he was not the one who had objected to
the assessment.

(c) If there is a pre-hearing conference and an agreement is reached to settle
all matters for hearing in that conference, the Commissioner may record a
Settlement Order. At that point, the workman will lose his right to withdraw
his Compensation Claim and proceed with a General Law Claim.

(d) If the workman does not agree to a settlement of all matters at the pre-
hearing conference, the workman’s right to withdraw continues for the time
being. However, after the Compensation Claim proceeds to a hearing and the
Commissioner makes a Post-hearing Order, it will be too late for the workman
to withdraw his Compensation Claim or to proceed with a General Law Claim.

58 The reason for my view that an order precludes withdrawal is that once an
order is made, the Compensation Claim _merges_ into the order. Once merger
takes place, it is impossible for the workman to withdraw the Compensation
Claim or to proceed with a General Law Claim. This was the view taken by Rajah
J in _Ying Tai Plastic (High Court)_ , though it should be added that he did
not say that merger _only_ takes place upon the Commissioner’s order.

59 Interpretation 3 is also supported by considerations of finality and double
jeopardy. The need for finality was mentioned in Lord Macmillan’s speech in
_Young_ at 179. In my view, final determination of the Compensation Claim
occurs once an order is made. No distinction should be drawn between the three
kinds of orders. A Deemed Order is just as preclusive as a Post-hearing Order
or, for that matter, a Settlement Order. The deeming provision in s 24(3) WCA
would be meaningless if one were to draw a distinction between a Deemed Order
on the one hand and a Post-hearing Order on the other hand. I should add that
it is also not possible to distinguish between a positive assessment and a
zero compensation assessment under s 24(3) WCA. The deeming provision does not
draw a distinction between positive and zero compensation assessments. It
might be thought that it is artificial to deem that a workman “agrees” to a
zero compensation assessment if he does not object within the relevant time
frame. However, that is the plain effect of the deeming provision.

60 As for double jeopardy, the District Judge alluded to this concern when he
discussed an argument raised by the appellant’s counsel that the respondent
would be getting “2 bites of the cherry” if he were to be allowed to sustain a
General Law Claim after withdrawing his Compensation Claim (see _Yang Dan_ at
[37]). In my view, the employer will indeed encounter double jeopardy if he
were made to defend a General Law Claim once an order has been made on the
General Law Claim. Although a Compensation Claim is, as the District Judge
observed, a “different cherry” from a General Law Claim, the employer faces
double jeopardy because he faces a _risk_ of having to pay something on two
occasions. The degree and nature of that risk may be different. But it is
clear that he faces that risk _twice_.

61 Interpretation 3 is also supported by an argument that counsel for the
appellant made based on s 33(3) WCA. He pointed out that s 33(3) WCA expressly
allows the court to assess compensation for the workman under WCA if he fails
in his General Law Claim. Counsel then pointed out that WCA does not in an
analogous way expressly allow a workman to maintain a General Law Claim if he
fails in his Compensation Claim. Counsel argued that the inference to be drawn
from the absence of such an express provision is that the workman should not
be entitled to sustain a General Law Claim if he fails in his Compensation
Claim. Lord Macmillan made a similar observation in _Young_ in the portions of
his speech quoted above at [50]. I reproduce the relevant portion again here
(_Young_ at 179):

…If the workman exercises his option by bringing an action to recover damages
independently of the Act and fails in that action, he may move the court to
assess and award him compensation under the Act, if otherwise entitled to it,
subject to deduction of the costs caused to his employer by his unsuccessful
action. There is no parallel provision in the case of an unsuccessful claim
under the Act. The inference is clear that the workman cannot try his luck
first under the Act and then if unsuccessful independently of the Act or vice
versa, apart from the single special concession which I have just mentioned. …

62 This argument has some merit. However, it is necessary to clarify when a
workman will be considered as having _failed_ in his Compensation Claim under
the combination of WCA and WICA provisions. My view is that a workman fails in
his Compensation Claim when there is an _order_ and it matters not whether it
is a zero compensation order or an order which is positive but falls short of
the amount which he has claimed.

My reasons for not adopting the other interpretations

63 I am precluded from adopting Interpretation 1 by _Ying Tai Plastic_. It is
clear from that decision that s 33(2)(a) WCA cannot be read literally as
precluding withdrawal just because a Compensation Claim has been made.

64 I do not consider Interpretation 2 to be correct because the Commissioner’s
assessment, by itself, is not a final determination of the workman’s
Compensation Claim until it becomes an order. The fact that it is not meant to
be final is apparent from the scheme of the WCA and WICA provisions applicable
in the present case. Either party still has some time after service of the
assessment to object to the assessment.

65 Interpretation 4 is not correct. Interpretation 4 was the interpretation
adopted in _Chua Ah Beng_. Tay JC’s reasons for his view in _Chua Ah Beng_
were two-fold (_Chua Ah Beng_ at [32]-[33]). First, he considered that it was
not clear from the WCA provisions whether a workman who fails in his
Compensation Claim may subsequently commence a General Law Claim (_Chua Ah
Beng_ at [32]). Second, Tay JC was persuaded by the speech of the Minister for
Labour at the second reading of the Workmen’s Compensation Amendment Bill
(Bill No 3 of 1971) where the Minister mentioned that the purpose of workmen’s
compensation was to “assure workers” of compensation if they are injured in
accidents arising out of or in the course of their employment (_Chua Ah Beng_
at [33]).

66 My view is that a workman must withdraw his Compensation Claim before
proceeding with a General Law Claim. If he is unable to withdraw his
Compensation Claim, he cannot proceed with a General Law Claim. He will not be
able to withdraw his Compensation Claim once an _order_ is made on his
Compensation Claim. As for the Minister’s reference to assuring workers of
compensation, my view is that while WCA was intended to facilitate the payment
of some compensation to an injured workman, it still does not guarantee
compensation. For example, a prerequisite to obtaining compensation under WCA
is that the workman must have suffered a “personal injury by accident arising
out of and in the course of his employment” (s 3(1) WCA).

67 Interpretation 5 is also not correct. Interpretation 5, in effect, gives
_no substance_ whatsoever to the Section 33 Prohibition because it allows a
General Law Claim to be made even when it is no longer possible to withdraw a
Compensation Claim. On Interpretation 5, the workman is free to pursue a
General Law Claim even in the face of an order, with the only restriction
being the limitation period for his General Law Claim under the Limitation Act
(Cap 163, 1996 Rev Ed). Quite apart from the Section 33 Prohibition, this
interpretation gives no weight to considerations of finality and double
jeopardy. Furthermore, this interpretation glosses over the point that the
Compensation Claim _merges_ into the order made on the Compensation Claim. It
is also not apt to say, as the District Judge has said in the present case
(_Yang Dan_ at [33]), that there is no express law prohibiting a workman from
maintaining a General Law Claim once he has failed in his Compensation Claim.
The scheme of the WCA and WICA provisions applicable in the present case, in
particular ss 24, 25 and 33 WCA, provides the basis for the prohibition.

Conclusion

68 The correct interpretation of s 33(2)(a) WCA is that a workman may proceed
with a General Law Claim even after the Commissioner has _assessed_ that zero
compensation is payable on his Compensation Claim provided that he first
withdraws his Compensation Claim. However, once an order has been made on the
Compensation Claim, it will be too late for the workman to withdraw his
Compensation Claim to pursue a General Law Claim.

69 It follows from this interpretation that the appeal should be allowed
because the respondent did not withdraw his Compensation Claim before the
order of 7 May 2008 was made.

70 I had initially decided to allow the appeal after hearing arguments on 11
August 2010. My decision at that point was motivated by my concerns with
finality and double jeopardy, as well as what seemed to me to be a conceptual
impossibility of withdrawing a Compensation Claim after it has been
_assessed_. The respondent then made an application for further arguments. In
view of the fact that workers’ rights were at issue, I decided to hear further
arguments. After further arguments and further consideration, I have reached
the conclusion that my initial decision was correct, albeit it is now my view
that it is possible to withdraw a Compensation Claim even after assessment,
provided that an order has not been made. I thank counsel for their
assistance.

71 In the circumstances, I affirm my earlier decision on 11 August 2010 to
allow the appeal. I will hear parties on costs.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 25 Nov 2010 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

