Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  _Re_ Lim Lye Hiang, _ex parte_ the Official Assignee  
[2010] SGHC 299

Case Number| :| Bankruptcy No 2066 of 1997 (Registrar's Appeal No 600001 of
2010)  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 11 October 2010  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Chan Seng Onn J  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Foo Soon Yien (Bernard & Rada Law Corporation) for the
appellant; Lim Yew Jin for the Official Assignee.  
Parties| :|  Re Lim Lye Hiang, ex parte the Official Assignee  
  
11 October 2010| Judgment reserved.  
---|---  
  
Chan Seng Onn J:

Introduction

1 This is an appeal against the decision of Assistant Registrar Leong Kwang
Ian (“assistant registrar”) ordering that a sum of money from the Central
Provident Fund (“CPF”) which was paid to the Official Assignee as the trustee
in bankruptcy of the appellant, Mdm Lim Lye Hiang (“LLH”), be divisible among
and payable to her creditors.

Background Facts

2 On 9 January 1998, a bankruptcy order was made against LLH. On 18 September
2008, the CPF Board sent a letter to LLH to inform her that she had been
nominated to receive the CPF monies and the Singtel discounted shares of her
late sister, Mdm Lim Lye Keow (“LLH’s nominated CPF monies”). Mdm Lim Lye Keow
had passed away on 14 March 2008. This letter was copied to the Official
Assignee, who has no record of having received this letter at that time. It is
unclear from the record when Mdm Lim Lye Keow made the nomination. Almost a
year later, on 26 June 2009, the CPF Board sent an email to the Official
Assignee’s officers, requesting for the Official Assignee’s instruction on the
transfer of LLH’s nominated CPF monies. The Official Assignee similarly has no
record of having received this email.

3 On 13 November 2009, LLH was discharged by an order of court made pursuant
to s 124 of the Bankruptcy Act (Cap 20, 2009 Rev Ed) (“Bankruptcy Act”). At
the time of the application for discharge, because the Official Assignee
remained unaware that LLH had become entitled to LLH’s nominated CPF monies,
it failed to alert the court to the same. However, due to the objection of a
creditor, for reasons which are not relevant to the present appeal, the
Official Assignee delayed the distribution of her assets to her creditors and
the sending of a notification to LLH of the fact that she had been discharged
by the court.

4 Thereafter, on 14 January 2010, the CPF Board again emailed the Official
Assignee referring to its previous letter dated 18 September 2008 and email
dated 26 June 2009, and requested for instructions to transfer LLH’s nominated
CPF monies to the Official Assignee. The monies amounting to $102,614.84,
which included money standing to Mdm Lim Lye Keow’s credit during her
lifetime, and the proceeds from the sale of her Singtel discounted shares,
were eventually transferred to the Official Assignee on 2 March 2010.

5 On 12 May 2010, the Official Assignee filed a summons seeking an order,
_inter alia_ , in the following terms:

1) That [LLH’s nominated CPF monies] be divisible among her creditors and
payable to them as dividends, on the basis that they are property which had
devolved on [LLH] on 14 March 2008 (which was the date of her sister’s death
and before [LLH]’s discharge from bankruptcy) notwithstanding that the CPF
monies were received by the Official Assignee after her discharge.

.....

At the hearing before the assistant registrar on 25 June 2010, the Official
Assignee contended and the assistant registrar accepted that, pursuant to s
15(5) of the Central Provident Fund Act (Cap 36, 2001 Rev Ed) (“CPF Act”), LLH
had become _entitled to withdraw_ LLH’s nominated CPF monies upon Mdm Lim Lye
Keow’s death on 14 March 2008, which was before LLH’s discharge. Having regard
to:

(i)

Section 78(1) of the Bankruptcy Act, which provides that all property that
devolves on the bankrupt before his discharge is divisible; and

(ii)

the definition of property in s 2 of the Bankruptcy Act, which includes
“money, goods, things in action, land and every description of property
wherever situated and also obligations and every description of interest,
whether present or future or vested or contingent, arising out of or
incidental to, property”,

the assistant registrar held that the right to withdraw LLH’s nominated CPF
monies constituted “property” which devolved on LLH before her discharge and
therefore vested in the Official Assignee and became divisible among her
creditors.

The legal significance of a bankrupt’s discharge on the vesting of assets in
the Official Assignee

6 By way of background, it is useful to first set out the relevant provisions
of the Bankruptcy Act. Section 75(a) of the Bankruptcy Act provides that the
bankruptcy of a person who has been adjudged bankrupt by a bankruptcy order
commences on the day on which the bankruptcy order is made. Section 75(b)
provides that bankruptcy terminates upon a bankrupt’s discharge. Sub-sections
76(1)(a) and (b) of the Bankruptcy Act are of particular relevance to the
present appeal, and they provide that:

**Effect of bankruptcy order**

**76**. —(1) On the making of a bankruptcy order —

(a) the property of the bankrupt shall —

(i) vest in the Official Assignee without any further conveyance, assignment
or transfer; and

(ii) become divisible among his creditors;

(b) the Official Assignee shall be constituted receiver of the bankrupt’s
property;

...

7 In s 2 of the Bankruptcy Act, “property” is defined non-exhaustively to
include things in action, and also every description of interest, whether
present or future or vested or contingent, arising out of or incidental to
property. Reading the definition of “property” in s 2 with s 76(1)(a) of the
Bankruptcy Act, anything which falls within the definition of “property” in s
2 belonging to a bankrupt on the date of the making of a bankruptcy order will
vest in the Official Assignee and become available for distribution among his
creditors.

8 Sub-sections 76(1)(a) and (b) should also be read together with s 78(1) of
the Bankruptcy Act, which describes the property which is divisible among a
bankrupt’s creditors, subject to certain exceptions listed in s 78(2) of the
Bankruptcy Act (which are irrelevant to the present appeal). Section 78 of the
Bankruptcy Act provides as follows:

**Description of bankrupt’s property divisible amongst creditors**

**78**. —(1) The property of the bankrupt divisible among his creditors
(referred to in this Act as the bankrupt’s estate) shall comprise —

(a) all such property as belongs to or is vested in the bankrupt at the
commencement of his bankruptcy _or is acquired by or devolves on him before
his discharge_ ; and

(b) the _capacity to exercise and to take proceedings for exercising all such
powers in or over or in respect of property_ as might have been exercised by
the bankrupt for his own benefit at the commencement of his bankruptcy or
_before his discharge_.

(2) Subsection (1) shall not apply to —

(a) property held by the bankrupt on trust for any other person;

(b) the tools, if any, of his trade;

(c) such clothing, bedding, furniture, household equipment and provisions as
are necessary for satisfying the basic domestic needs of the bankrupt and his
family; and

(d) property of the bankrupt which is excluded under any other written law.

[emphasis added]

The effect of ss 76(1)(a) and 78(1)(a) is that property which (a) belongs to
the bankrupt at the commencement of bankruptcy (which, according to s 75(a) of
the Bankruptcy Act, is the date of the bankruptcy order) and which vests in
the Official Assignee upon the court making a bankruptcy order as a result of
the operation of s 76(1)(a)(i); or (b) is acquired by or devolves upon the
bankrupt before his or her discharge will be divisible among the bankrupt’s
creditors. Section 78(1)(b) clarifies that things in action form part of the
property of the bankrupt which are divisible in bankruptcy among creditors.

9 Subject to certain exceptions (which are not applicable here), a discharge
from bankruptcy has the effect of releasing the bankrupt from all debts
provable in bankruptcy, but does not have the effect of rendering the Official
Assignee’s functions spent. Section 127(1) of the Bankruptcy Act provides
that:

**Effect of discharge**

**127**. —(1) Subject to this section and any condition imposed by the court
under section 124 or 126, where a bankrupt is discharged, the discharge shall
release him from all his debts provable in the bankruptcy but shall have no
effect —

(a) on the functions (so far as they remain to be carried out) of the Official
Assignee; or

(b) on the operation, for the purposes of the carrying out of those functions,
of the provisions of this Act.

Thus, even after the bankrupt’s discharge, the Official Assignee remains duty-
bound to continue to collect all the assets of the bankrupt which are
divisible among creditors (as set out in ss 76(1)(a) and 78(1)(a) and (b)) and
to distribute the proceeds from the realisation of such property to creditors
who have proved their debts. The law imposes a legal obligation on the
bankrupt to assist in the fulfilment of the Official Assignee’s functions even
after his discharge on pain of a fine or revocation of his discharge. The
discharged bankrupt’s obligation is provided for in s 128 of the Bankruptcy
Act, which provides that:

**Discharged bankrupt to give assistance**

**128**. —(1) A discharged bankrupt shall, _notwithstanding his discharge_ ,
give assistance as the Official Assignee requires in the _realisation and
distribution of such of his property as is vested in the Official Assignee_.

(2) If the discharged bankrupt fails to give assistance to the Official
Assignee under subsection (1) —

(a) he shall be guilty of an offence and shall be liable on conviction to a
fine not exceeding $10,000; and

(b) the court may, if it thinks fit, revoke his discharge, but without
prejudice to the validity of any sale, disposition or payment duly made, or
thing duly done subsequent to the discharge, but before its revocation.

[emphasis added]

The parties’ arguments

10 LLH’s main argument in this appeal is that LLH’s nominated CPF monies did
not devolve upon LLH immediately upon the death of Mdm Lim Lye Keow. Counsel
for LLH submits that in the absence of authorisation from the CPF Board for
the withdrawal of the monies prior to LLH’s discharge, LLH’s nominated CPF
monies were not payable to LLH, and therefore did not amount to property
within the meaning of s 78(1) of the Bankruptcy Act. Counsel for LLH contends
that since LLH’s nominated CPF monies only devolved upon LLH after the date of
her discharge, they did not vest in the Official Assignee and were not
divisible among LLH’s creditors. Alternatively, even if LLH had become
entitled to LLH’s nominated CPF monies prior to her discharge from bankruptcy,
counsel for LLH submits that s 24(4) of the CPF Act, which provides that a
bankrupt’s CPF contributions shall not be subject to his debts in bankruptcy,
applies to LLH’s nominated CPF monies. Therefore, LLH’s nominated CPF monies
did not pass to the Official Assignee. Finally, counsel for LLH submits that
since the Official Assignee had given LLH an unconditional discharge, the
Official Assignee had lost its right to claim that LLH’s nominated CPF monies
was divisible among creditors, being property which was acquired by or
devolved upon LLH during her bankruptcy.

11 In contrast, the Official Assignee essentially argues that the assistant
registrar’s decision was correct. The Official Assignee urges this court to
take the view that LLH’s entitlement to withdraw LLH’s nominated CPF monies
was a type of property which had accrued on 14 March 2008, the date on which
Mdm Lim Lye Keow passed away, and that the date on which the relevant monies
were paid out by the CPF Board to the Official Assignee was irrelevant to the
question of whether the monies had vested in the Official Assignee before
LLH’s discharge.

The issues raised

12 To my mind, the parties’ submissions are at cross purposes because their
submissions are not in relation to the same kind of property. It appears to me
that the arguments made by counsel for LLH assume that the Official Assignee
was _only_ claiming the right to distribute to creditors the _actual monies_
paid out to the Official Assignee on 2 March 2010, which was subsequent to her
discharge on 13 November 2009. However, that assumption seems mistaken given
that the thrust of the Official Assignee’s submission is that it is asserting
that as LLH’s trustee in bankruptcy, it had the right to exercise LLH’s
_entitlement to withdraw LLH’s nominated CPF monies_ , which LLH had acquired
during her bankruptcy on 14 March 2008, twenty months prior to the date of her
discharge.

13 As mentioned earlier, the definition of property in s 2 of the Bankruptcy
Act is framed widely, to include “money, goods, _things in action_ , land and
every description of property wherever situated and also obligations and
_every description of interest, whether present or future or vested or
contingent_ , arising out of or incidental to, property”. By virtue of s
78(1)(a) of the Bankruptcy Act, anything falling within the definition of
“property” in s 2 is divisible among creditors if it belongs to the bankrupt
at the commencement of bankruptcy or is acquired by or devolves upon the
bankrupt before her discharge (see above, at [8]). Thus, the first issue
arising in this appeal should be framed as: whether LLH’s entitlement to
withdraw LLH’s nominated CPF monies, which arose during the period of her
bankruptcy, was property divisible among creditors within the meaning of s
78(1), read with the definition of “property” in s 2 of the Bankruptcy Act.
The fact that LLH’s entitlement to withdraw was exercised by the Official
Assignee on LLH’s behalf after her discharge had no impact on the question of
whether such entitlement to withdraw amounted to property divisible among the
creditors. Nothing in the Bankruptcy Act provides that where the _proceeds_
from divisible property (within the meaning of s 78(1) of the Bankruptcy Act)
are realised _after_ a bankrupt’s discharge, such proceeds are no longer
divisible among the creditors even though the property in question may have
been acquired by or devolved upon the bankrupt _during_ the bankruptcy.

14 If the first issue is answered in the affirmative, _ie_ , that LLH’s
entitlement to withdraw LLH’s nominated CPF monies constituted property
divisible amongst creditors of the bankrupt for the purposes of s 78(1) of the
Bankruptcy Act, a second issue arises, _viz_ , whether s 24(4) of the CPF Act
prevents LLH’s entitlement to withdraw LLH’s nominated CPF monies from vesting
in the Official Assignee during LLH’s bankruptcy. Finally, this appeal raises
the issue of whether the Official Assignee’s decision to grant LLH an
unconditional discharge barred it from thereafter seeking to claim the
property in the form of LLH’s entitlement to withdraw LLH’s nominated CPF
monies, which was acquired by or had devolved upon LLH during her bankruptcy
and prior to her discharge.

Whether LLH’s entitlement to withdraw LLH’s nominated CPF monies constitutes
property within the meaning of s 78(1) of the Bankruptcy Act

15 It is necessary to examine the relevant sections in the CPF Act to
determine whether LLH’s entitlement to withdraw LLH’s nominated CPF monies had
the character of property for the purposes of s 78(1) of the Bankruptcy Act.
Section 25(1) of the CPF Act provides that:

**Moneys payable on death of member**

**25**. —(1) Any member of the Fund may by a memorandum executed in the manner
prescribed by the Board nominate a person or persons to receive in _his or
their own right_ such portions of the amount _payable on his death out of the
Fund_ under section 20(1) or of any shares designated under section 26(1) as
the memorandum shall indicate.

[emphasis added]

16 Section 15(5) of the CPF Act, which provides that after the death of a
member of the CPF, the nominee nominated in accordance with s 25(1) of the CPF
Act shall be entitled to withdraw from the balance standing to the credit of
that nominating member after deducting certain sums (which are not relevant to
the present appeal) (“nominated CPF monies”), reads as follows:

(5) Subject to section 25(3), after the death of a member of the Fund, a
person nominated by that member in accordance with section 25(1) _shall be
entitled to withdraw_ , from the balance _standing to the credit of that
member_ in the Fund after deducting —

(a) any sum withdrawn, or to be withdrawn, under section 16A;

(b) any sum credited, or to be credited, to the account of another person
under section 19(2) or 19A(2); and

(c) any sum transferred or paid, or to be transferred or paid, to another
person under section 27B,

such portion of that balance as is set out in the memorandum executed in
accordance with section 25(1).

[emphasis added]

A nomination made under s 25(1) of the CPF Act (previously s 26(1) of the
Central Provident Fund Act (Cap 36, 1991 Rev Ed)) becomes effective upon the
death of the nominating member, and s 15(5) thereafter comes into operation:
_The Central Provident Fund Board v Lau Eng Mui_ [1995] 2 SLR(R) 826 at [14].

17 The entitlement of the nominee to make a withdrawal upon the death of a
nominating member arises out of the testamentary effect of a nomination, _ie_
, a nomination is capable of passing property to the nominee upon the death of
the nominating member. In _How Yew Hock (Executor of the estate of Yee Sow
Thoo, deceased) v Lembaga Kumpulan Wang Simpanan Pekerja_ [1996] 2 MLJ 474,
the Malaysian Federal Court considered the issue of whether a nomination made
under the Malaysian equivalent of the CPF Act was a testamentary document
which had to satisfy the requirements of the Wills Act 1959 (Malaysia).While
the issue which arose in that case is different from the present, the Federal
Court cited with approval the following passage from Mellows, _The Law of
Succession_ (Butterworths, 4th ed, 1983) which helpfully elucidates the legal
nature of nominations:

A nomination is a direction to a person who holds funds on behalf of another
to pay those funds in the event of death to a nominated person. In many cases,
nominations operate by statute... However, there can also be non-statutory
nominations, particularly in connection with pension schemes. The rules of
many pension schemes provide, in essence, that if the employee dies during the
course of his employment the amount of contributions will be paid to a person
nominated by the employee in writing, and in the absence of any nomination, to
the employee’s personal representatives. Where a nomination is made, it does
not operate as a will. _While the document does affect the devolution of
property on death, the property passes directly from the fund to the nominee,
and at no time forms part of the estate_. The nomination operates by virtue of
the rules of the scheme and not as a will, and it does not, therefore, have to
satisfy the requirements of the Wills Act.

[emphasis added]

18 In _Re Barnes, Ashenden v Heathe_ [1940] Ch 267 at p 273, Farwell J stated
that a document executed to effect the nomination of a recipient of monies
deposited in a society registered under the Industrial and Provident Societies
Act, 1893 (c 39) (UK) has the characteristics of a testamentary document:

I say, ‘in its nature testamentary’, because it has all the characteristics of
a testamentary document, that is to say, it is a nomination which has no
effect at all until the death of the nominator who is left completely free
during his lifetime to deal with his share irrespective of it. The nominee
would have no right to complain of, nor could he take any steps to prevent,
the nominator dealing with his interest during his lifetime. The nomination
has no operation and is not intended to have any operation until the death of
the nominator. Whether or not it then operates depends upon whether or not the
nominator has during his lifetime either revoked it or used the money which he
purported to nominate for his own purposes, by withdrawing it from the society
or in some other way. The result, as I said, is that the nature of the
nomination in a case of this sort is clearly testamentary.

19 Clearly, a nomination made pursuant to s 25(1) the CPF Act operates
differently from a will. Unlike other property belonging to a testator during
his lifetime, nominated CPF monies do not form part of the deceased’s estate.
Rather, the nominee immediately acquires the right to withdraw the nominated
CPF monies: see s 25(1) of the CPF Act. If the monies had already been paid
out to another party before a nominee has withdrawn the monies, s 24(3A) comes
to the protection of the nominee by impressing upon the nominated CPF monies a
statutory trust in the nominee’s favour. Section 24(3A) provides that:

(3A) Subject to subsection (3B), sections 16A, 27N and 57C and any regulations
made under section 27Q or 57F, all moneys paid out of the Fund on the death of
any member of the Fund shall be deemed to be impressed with a trust in favour
of —

(a) the person or persons nominated under section 25 (1) by the deceased
member, if any; or

(b) the person or persons determined by the Public Trustee in accordance with
section 25 (2) to be entitled thereto,

but shall, without prejudice to the operation of the Estate Duty Act (Cap.
96), be deemed not to form part of the deceased member’s estate or to be
subject to his debts.

Given the testamentary nature of a CPF nomination and the effect of ss 15(5),
25(1) and 24(3A) of the CPF Act, nominated CPF monies become immediately
payable to the nominee upon the death of the nominating member.

20 I turn now to consider s 20(1) of the CPF Act, which counsel for LLH relies
heavily upon in support of the argument that the nominated CPF monies do not
devolve upon a nominee until the CPF Board’s authorisation has been given for
the withdrawal of those monies:

**Withdrawals**

**20**. —(1) Subject to section 25(3), upon an application for the withdrawal
of the sum of money _standing to the credit of a member of the Fund_ by a
person entitled thereto under section 15, the Board may _authorise the
payment_ to the applicant of such sum as the member is entitled to withdraw
from the Fund and any interest calculated in accordance with section 6 (4) and
(4B) up to the date of the authorisation or, if the applicant is a nominee
appointed in accordance with section 25 (1), such portion of the sum as he is
nominated to receive.

[emphasis added.]

In reliance on s 20(1), counsel for LLH submits that the Official Assignee’s
failure to make an application to the CPF Board for the withdrawal of the
nominated CPF monies before LLH’s discharge meant that the monies were _not
payable_ to LLH, and therefore was not property which devolved upon or was
acquired by LLH during her bankruptcy. This argument is unsustainable in the
light of the preceding discussion. As stated above (at [15]-[19]) a
nomination, having testamentary characteristics, operates upon the death of
the nominating member. Section 25(1) of the CPF Act provides that upon the
death of a nominating member, nominated CPF monies and designated shares
subject to the nomination become payable or transferable out of the CPF to the
nominee in his own right.

21 LLH’s entitlement to withdraw LLH’s nominated CPF monies in my view
constitutes property divisible among LLH’s creditors within the meaning of s
78(1)(a) read with s 2 of the Bankruptcy Act. An entitlement to withdraw
nominated CPF monies also falls within the definition of “property” in s 2 of
the Bankruptcy Act, which includes things in action, every description of
property and also obligations and every description of interest, whether
present or future or vested or contingent, arising out of or incidental to,
property. In my view, LLH’s entitlement to withdraw LLH’s nominated CPF monies
also readily falls within s 78(1)(b) of the Bankruptcy Act, because an
entitlement to withdraw the nominated CPF monies is a type of “ _capacity to
exercise and to take proceedings for exercising all such powers in or over or
in respect of property_ ” [emphasis added] (see above, at [8]).

22 Thus, the fact that the actual payment out of nominated CPF monies is
contingent upon the CPF Board’s authorisation of a nominee’s application for
withdrawal did not detract from its character as property divisible among
creditors in bankruptcy for the purposes of ss 78(1) of the Bankruptcy Act. In
the present appeal, since LLH’s nominated CPF monies became payable to LLH
upon Mdm Lim Lye Keow’s death on 14 March 2008, LLH’s entitlement to withdraw
the nominated CPF monies in this case devolved upon LLH on the same date. It
therefore fell within the ambit of ss 78(1)(a) and (b) of the Bankruptcy Act.

23 Also, I am of the view that s 20(1) merely lays down a procedural
requirement of a prior authorisation from the CPF Board before nominated CPF
monies may be withdrawn by persons who have become legally entitled to
withdraw from the CPF within the meaning of s 15 of the CPF Act. Section 20(1)
does not stipulate any substantive criteria which must be satisfied, failing
which an application for the withdrawal of monies which an applicant had
become entitled to withdraw within the meaning of s 15 of the CPF Act would be
rejected. A procedural requirement that prior authorisation be obtained cannot
alter the nature of a nominee’s entitlement to withdraw nominated CPF monies
as property divisible among creditors, by operation of ss 78(1)(a) and (b) of
the Bankruptcy Act.

24 If there were additional substantive criteria imposed by s 20(1) on the
nominee’s rights to withdraw nominated CPF monies from the CPF, one would
imagine that those criteria would apply with equal force to the transfer of
the Singtel discounted shares purchased with CPF monies to nominated
recipients. In the case of the Singtel discounted shares, s 26(2) of the CPF
Act envisages an outright transfer by the CPF Board to the nominated recipient
of the Singtel discounted shares purchased using the deceased’s CPF monies,
and if that is not feasible, ss 26(3) and (4) envisage that the shares are to
be sold and the proceeds therefrom transferred to the nominee, without
additional substantive conditions:

**Power of Board to distribute and dispose of certain shares on death of
member**

**26**. —(1) Upon the death of a member of the Fund who has executed a
memorandum under section 25(1), such shares or class of shares in any approved
corporation as the Minister may designate belonging to the member at the time
of his death which were purchased from moneys withdrawn under this Act shall,
notwithstanding any written or other law, vest in the Board and shall not form
part of the estate of the deceased member.

(2) The Board shall, as soon as practicable and subject to such terms and
conditions as the Board may impose, transfer the shares vested in the Board
under subsection (1) to the person or persons nominated by the deceased member
to receive in his or their own right such portions of the shares as indicated
in the memorandum executed under section 25(1) and the receipt of such person
or persons shall be a discharge to the Board in respect of the shares.

(3) Where the Board is for any reason not able to transfer any shares to a
person who is entitled to receive them under subsection (2), the Board shall
sell those shares in such manner and at such time as may be prescribed.

(4) Where the Board has sold any shares under subsection (3), the Board shall
as soon as practicable pay the proceeds of sale of the shares to the person
referred to in that subsection, and the receipt by such person of those
proceeds shall be a discharge to the Board in respect of the shares.

25 Also, in the light of what was discussed recently in _Singapore
Parliamentary Debates, Official Report_ (16 August 2010) vol 87 at col 0,
there are ample reasons for taking the view that Parliament had intended s
20(1) of the CPF Act to perform no more than a procedural function. Minister
for Manpower, Mr Gan Kim Yong stated at the second reading of the Central
Provident Fund (Amendment) Bill that:

Madam, we are also refining the disbursement of CPF assets of deceased
members. Currently, CPF savings have to be disbursed directly to the nominees
upon the death of a member. Some members have requested for their CPF savings
to be transferred directly to their nominees’ CPF accounts instead so as to
help provide for their healthcare and retirement needs. I think this is a
sensible request. Therefore, sections 15, 20 and 25 will be amended to offer
members this option. This option will become available from 1st January 2011
onwards.

Mr Gan stated that the CPF Board was generally reluctant to hold nominated CPF
monies, and aims to expeditiously pay out nominated CPF monies to nominees
upon the death of the nominating member (_ibid_):

Madam, the next area of change concerns unclaimed CPF monies. This includes
monies of deceased members which have not been claimed by the beneficiaries,
which the CPF Board is currently required to hold indefinitely. This is not
desirable as the assets should be disbursed to beneficiaries as far as
possible.

We are, therefore, amending sections 15 and 20 to allow the CPF Board to
automatically disburse a member’s CPF monies to his nominees, once it is
notified of his demise. CPF Board will no longer need to wait for nominees to
apply for the bequeathed monies before they can be disbursed. Nevertheless,
some CPF monies may continue to remain unclaimed for various reasons, for
example, nominees with incomplete or inaccurate details on record may not be
contactable. We will streamline how such CPF monies are managed.

...

In the last five years, the CPF Board has been able to locate and make payment
to nominees in 98% of all such cases. 2% of the cases remain outstanding,
despite the Board’s efforts to locate the nominees and disburse the monies.
These include cases when nominees either did not respond to CPF Board letters
or could not be located because insufficient or inaccurate information
provided by the member on the nomination form, or some nominees might have
relocated overseas.

Admittedly, these proposed changes have not yet been brought into effect.
However the above statements by Mr Gan suggest that CPF Board authorisations
are usually given as a matter of course to nominees entitled to withdraw
within the meaning of s 15(5), and that s 20(1) of the CPF Act does not impose
further substantive criteria before a nominee may withdraw nominated CPF
monies.

26 Whatever the underlying rationale for statutorily requiring an application
for CPF Board authorisation to be made, it seems abundantly clear that s 20(1)
only provides for the process by which withdrawals are requested by persons
qualified to do so pursuant to s 15 of the CPF Act. The Official Assignee’s
omission to make an application pursuant to s 20(1) of the CPF Act prior to
LLH’s discharge did not change the nature of LLH’s entitlement to withdraw
LLH’s nominated CPF monies, or prevent it from becoming property divisible
among a bankrupt’s creditors, since it had been acquired by or devolved upon
LLH before LLH’s discharge.

Whether the protection afforded by s 24(4) of the CPF Act to a bankrupt’s
contributions extends to nominated CPF monies

27 I turn now to address another argument relied upon by counsel for LLH in
the alternative, in support of the argument that LLH’s nominated CPF monies
shall not be subject to LLH’s debts on her bankruptcy, because under s 24(4)
of the CPF Act, “no contribution to the Fund or interest thereon” shall pass
to the Official Assignee on bankruptcy. Section 24(4) of CPF Act provides
that:

(4) Subject to sections 27N and 57C and any regulations made under section 27Q
or 57F, _no contribution to the Fund or interest thereon_ shall be subject to
_the debts of the member of the Fund_ , nor shall the contribution or interest
pass to the Official Assignee on the bankruptcy of the member.

[emphasis added]

Counsel for LLH argues that the phrase “standing to the credit of the member”
was used in other provisions such as ss 27(1), 21(1), 22(1) and 32(5) of the
CPF Act to distinguish monies standing to the credit of a particular member
from monies in the fund generally. Since s 24(4) does not include the words
“standing to the credit of a member”, counsel for LLH submits that it ought to
be interpreted to include the nominated CPF monies passing to a nominee upon
the death of nominating member.

28 However, in my view, this argument should also be rejected. Section 24(4)
is intended for the protection of CPF monies standing to the credit of _the
bankrupt_ , against his _own creditors_. Money standing to the credit of a
member is accumulated over time, through contributions to his or her credit.
Contributions by employers are mandated by s 7 of the CPF Act, as well as
contributions from the employee’s wage if the employee’s remuneration exceeds
$500 per month. Alternatively, they may be made voluntarily under s 13B of the
CPF Act. Section 12(2)(a) of the CPF Act states that every contribution paid
to the CPF for a member shall be credited to the member by the CPF Board:

**Contributions to be paid into Fund**

**12**. —(1) All sums recovered or collected on account of contributions to
the Fund under this Act shall be paid into or carried to the Fund in such
manner as may be prescribed.

(2) The Board shall cause to be credited to each member of the Fund —

(a) the amount of every contribution paid to the Fund for him;

(b) the interest payable to him under section 6(4); and

(c) any additional interest payable to him under section 6(4B).

Section 2(1) defines a “member” or “member of the fund” to mean:

... _any person to whose credit any amount is standing in the Fund_ , or for
whom any account in the Fund is maintained for any of the purposes of this
Act, and includes a person who contributes to the Fund voluntarily in
accordance with section 13B…

[emphasis added]

I am of the view that nominated CPF monies which have passed after the death
of a nominating member to a nominee do not fall within the meaning of the word
“contribution” which is the subject-matter of the protection conferred by s
24(4). The purpose of the “immunity” conferred by s 24(4) of the CPF Act is to
protect _the savings of a membe_ r for his retirement from his creditors: see
_Singapore Parliamentary Debates, Official Report_ (18 March 1986) vol 47 at
col 571, Mr Lee Yock Suan (Acting Minister for Labour). The nominated CPF
monies in this case are the CPF contributions by the deceased (and not by
LLH), which stood to the credit of the deceased, for the deceased’s
retirement. Since the deceased had passed away before those monies were
withdrawn by the deceased, the rationale underlying s 24(4) is inapplicable to
those monies. There is to my mind no reason why Parliament would have intended
the ambit of the protection provided by s 24(4) of the CPF Act to be extended
to nominated CPF monies, which are in substance no different from other
testamentary gifts which would become divisible among creditors of the nominee
in the event of the nominee’s bankruptcy. Thus, I am of the view that LLH’s
entitlement to withdraw LLH’s nominated CPF monies was property divisible
among LLH’s creditors, since it was property which was acquired by or devolved
upon LLH during her bankruptcy.

Whether LLH’s nominated CPF monies devolved upon LLH before she was discharged
from bankruptcy

29 Finally, counsel for LLH argues that the case of _Chong Chee Keong v
Official Assignee_ [2005] 3 SLR(R) 546 (“ _Chong Chee Keong_ ”), in which Choo
Han Teck J held that a dividend in bankruptcy which was paid to the bankrupt
after his discharge from bankruptcy was not divisible among the bankrupt’s
creditors, should be followed because it is on all fours with the present
case. In particular, counsel for LLH relies strongly on the following passage
in Choo J’s judgment (at [4]):

... the certificate of discharge is a statutory instrument that wipes the
slate clean for the bankrupt so that he might carry on with his life afresh,
free of past debts and liabilities. _The certificate of discharge is a
document that certifies and declares to the world at large that no more debt
is owed by the discharged bankrupt. Any residual rights must revert to the
discharged bankrupt_. That being the case, any money that comes subsequently
into the Official Assignee's hands must be turned over to the discharged
bankrupt unless the Official Assignee had expressly reserved that money as a
condition to the discharge. [emphasis added]

30 The above paragraph ought to be read in the light of the facts of _Chong
Chee Keong_. In that case, the plaintiff was the shareholder and managing
director of a company, which was wound up on 13 August 1999 and the Official
Receiver was appointed as liquidator. A few months later, on 10 December 1999,
the plaintiff was adjudicated bankrupt. On 21 April 2001, the Official
Assignee filed a proof of debt of $682,304.00 against the company in
liquidation on the plaintiff’s behalf. Subsequently, on 30 June 2003, the
plaintiff was discharged by a certificate of discharge issued by the Official
Assignee. Thereafter, on 5 July 2004, the Official Receiver declared a
dividend of 16.33% in the liquidation of the company. Thus, the plaintiff was
entitled to 16.33% of $682,304.00, which amounted to $111,420.24. The Official
Assignee argued before Choo J that the debt owing from the company to the
plaintiff had been the plaintiff’s property prior to the commencement of her
bankruptcy, and the monies therefore vested in the Official Assignee upon the
making of a bankruptcy order. The plaintiff argued that since an unconditional
discharge had been given to the plaintiff with the consent of creditors, the
Official Assignee could not lay claim to the money after the discharge.
Ultimately, Choo J held in favour of the plaintiff on the ground that the
money had not been due and payable to the Official Assignee until after the
discharge. Choo J appeared to have been particular influenced by the following
in coming to his conclusion (at [4]):

_Without that reservation [of right], the Official Assignee can retain the
money only if the certificate of discharge is set aside by the court_. But
that is a separate matter and requires an application to be made by the
Official Assignee, and I expect that in the course of such an application, the
circumstances in which the plaintiff's creditors had given their consent [to
the issuance of the certificate of discharge] among other issues (not
presently relevant) might be relevant. _Since the plaintiff is a discharged
bankrupt, the burden is not on him to explain the whys and wherefores of his
discharge - unless he had been expressly told or knew clearly that the money
now due to him has to be disbursed to past creditors_. That is not the case
here. _A person in the plaintiff's circumstances could have committed himself
financially after learning that money was due to him. That person would be put
in an impossible situation if the Official Assignee were entitled, as a
principle of law, to the money in such circumstances_.

[emphasis added]

31 I am of the view that _Chong Chee Keong_ was decided on the facts of that
particular case, and that each case turns on its own facts. In this regard, I
refer to the following passage in Ian Fletcher, _The Law of Insolvency_ (Sweet
& Maxwell, 4th ed, 2009) at para 8-001:

_In accordance with the general proposition that the bankruptcy law enables
the debtor to be freed from the claims of his creditors in return for giving
up substantially the whole of his assets_ , the proprietary effects of
adjudication, broadly speaking, are that the bankrupt will be divested of his
property which will automatically become vested in his trustee in bankruptcy
upon the latter’s appointment... _Moreover in the interest of ensuring that
full justice is done, the trustee’s right to claim the property of the
bankrupt is not limited only to such assets as may happen to belong to him or
her at the very moment of adjudication, but is capable of extension both
backwards and forwards from that moment in time_. Conversely, certain items of
the bankrupt’s property are excluded from the effects of adjudication and
remain his in law, whilst, under certain conditions, it is possible for the
trustee’s title to other assets to undergo curtailment. _Thus, the actual
extent to which property will become available for realisation and eventual
distribution to the creditors in the form of dividends is a matter which will
depend on the particular circumstances of each case_...

[emphasis added]

It is incumbent on this court to take into account the underlying rationale
for the rule that only a bankrupt’s property which had been acquired before
and during her bankruptcy fall to be divided among her creditors. Unlike
_Chong Chee Keong_ , the present case concerns monies which had become due and
payable to the bankrupt before she was discharged. Furthermore, the reasoning
in _Chong Chee Keong_ , _viz_ , that it was unfair to allow the Official
Assignee to assert its entitlement to the monies after it had granted an
unconditional discharge despite having full knowledge that a chose in action
worth $682,304.00 had vested in it during the plaintiff’s bankruptcy, is not
applicable to the present case. In the present case, the Official Assignee’s
failure to make the recovery of LLH’s nominated CPF monies and division among
creditors a condition for discharge stemmed from its ignorance (prior to the
discharge) that LLH’s nominated CPF monies due to the bankrupt existed and had
been vested in it. Apparently, the Official Assignee failed to receive the
letter dated 18 September 2008 and the email dated 26 June 2009 from the CPF
Board informing it of LLH’s nominated CPF monies. How that could have happened
is not clear to me.

32 I also note that counsel for LLH has overstated her case by citing _Chong
Chee Keong_ for the proposition that upon the grant of an unconditional
discharge, all the assets which have vested in the Official Assignee during
the bankruptcy would re-vest in the discharged bankrupt, for the following
reasons. There is nothing in the Bankruptcy Act to the effect that property
which has vested in the Official Assignee during the bankruptcy would re-vest
in the bankrupt upon a discharge. In fact, ss 127 and 128 of the Bankruptcy
Act contemplate a continuation of the role of the Official Assignee in
collecting assets which have vested in it upon the making of a bankruptcy
order and assets which have been acquired by or devolved upon the bankrupt
during her bankruptcy for distribution to creditors who have proved their
debts in the bankrupt’s bankruptcy (see above at [9]).

Conclusion

33 In the light of the foregoing, LLH’s appeal is dismissed. However, given
that this case would not have arisen but for the delay on the part of the
Official Assignee, I make no order as to costs.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 11 Oct 2010 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

