Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Jurong Technologies Industrial Corp Ltd (under judicial management) _v_
Coöperatieve Centrale Raiffeisen-Boerenleenbank BA (trading as Rabobank
International, Singapore Branch)  
[2010] SGHC 357

Case Number| :| Originating Summons No 733 of 2009  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 09 December 2010  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Andrew Ang J  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Sarjit Singh Gill SC, Pradeep Pillai and Zhang Xiaowei
(Shook Lin & Bok LLP) for the plaintiff; Gregory Vijayendran, Sheela Devi, Neo
Xiao Yan Charmaine (Rajah & Tann LLP) for the defendant.  
Parties| :|  Jurong Technologies Industrial Corp Ltd (under judicial
management) — Coöperatieve Centrale Raiffeisen-Boerenleenbank BA (trading as
Rabobank International, Singapore Branch)  
  
9 December 2010| Judgment reserved.  
---|---  
  
Andrew Ang J:

Introduction

1 In this action the plaintiff seeks to set aside and recover payments of
US$529,720.31 and US$2,245,429.06 (“the Payment”) made by the plaintiff to the
defendant on 22 December 2008 on the ground that the Payment constituted an
undue preference under s 227T of the Companies Act (Cap 50, 2006 Rev Ed)
(“Companies Act”).

2 The plaintiff is an investment holding company with a wholly-owned principal
operating subsidiary, Jurong Hi-Tech Industries Pte Ltd (“JHTI”). Most
business operations were conducted in the name of JHTI. The defendant granted
banking facilities to both JHTI and the plaintiff (collectively referred to as
“the Companies”) jointly and severally. The Companies were placed under
judicial management by orders of court dated 20 February 2009. Tam Chee Chong
(“Tam”) was one of the two persons appointed the joint and several judicial
managers of the Companies (“the Judicial Managers”).

Factual background

3 The facts that form the background to this action were largely undisputed
and can be briefly stated. The plaintiff procured banking facilities from
several banks, including ABN AMRO NV, Bank of Tokyo-Mitsubishi UFJ (“BTMU”),
DBS Bank Ltd (“DBS”), Malayan Banking Berhad (“Maybank”), Oversea-Chinese
Banking Corporation Ltd (“OCBC”), RHB Bank Berhad (“RHB”) and United Overseas
Bank Ltd (“UOB”). The plaintiff’s facilities with these banks were unsecured,
but each bank was given a negative pledge and a _pari passu_ undertaking. As
most of the business operations of the Companies were conducted in the name of
JHTI, other than BTMU, Maybank and RHB which had granted facilities solely to
the plaintiff, all the other banks granted facilities to the Companies jointly
and severally.

4 Sometime in September 2004, the defendant approached the plaintiff with an
offer of credit facilities. Yeo Peck Heng (“Yeo”), a director of the
Companies, told the defendant about the plaintiff’s unsecured facilities with
other banks as well as the negative pledge and _pari passu_ undertaking that
each of the banks had been given. By a letter dated 20 September 2004, the
defendant offered credit facilities to the plaintiff on a similar basis,
incorporating a negative pledge and a _pari passu_ clause. These original
credit facilities were subject to several addenda and revisions issued by the
defendant over the years, with the last revision letter issued jointly to the
Companies on 22 January 2008.

5 Sometime in early 2007, the defendant offered to provide account receivables
financing (“AR Financing”) to JHTI. The defendant and JHTI entered into a
Master Receivables Purchase Agreement dated 15 February 2007, which was
followed by an addendum dated 12 November 2007.

6 In March 2008, Ms Lin Li Fang (“Ms Lin”) took over as chairperson of the
plaintiff’s group of companies (“the Group”). She was concerned about the high
debt level of the Group and sought to monetise the assets of the Group to pay
down the outstanding bank loans. The directors of the plaintiff, including Ms
Lin and Yeo, gave similar presentations to the defendant and each of the other
banks separately. During the presentations, they stated that some of the
Companies’ assets would be sold to pay down the bank loans. These assets
included the Electronic Manufacturing Services (“EMS”) business, shares in MAP
Technology Holdings Ltd (“MAP Shares”) and shares in Min Aik Technology Co Ltd
(“Min Aik Shares”).

7 In July 2008, the plaintiff’s general manager, Ang Ah Bah (“Ang”) told Ms
Lin that Richard Lee Seow Hong (“Lee”), the relationship manager for the
Companies’ accounts with the defendant, had told him that the defendant no
longer wished to continue the AR Financing arrangement with JHTI. Although Ms
Lin was concerned that the defendant might terminate the AR Financing facility
and demand immediate repayment, in fact, no action was taken by the defendant.
A month later, in August 2008, Ang informed Ms Lin that Lee had told him that
the defendant wanted to concentrate on the agricultural sector and cease
financing the telecommunications and electronic sectors (which the Companies
were involved in). Again, the defendant did not take immediate action and
continued to provide financing, including against invoices presented by the
Companies.

8 Subsequently, at a dinner meeting on 22 September 2008, Lee informed Ms Lin
that the defendant wished to exit from the non-core markets (_ie_ , the
telecommunications and electronics sectors) and that it intended to end its
relationship with the Companies in an orderly fashion. Ms Lin then requested
that the defendant reduce or cancel the banking facilities gradually and allow
the Companies to pay according to the maturity dates of those facilities.

9 It bears noting that Ms Lin and Lee have had a long business relationship,
having known each other personally since the early 1980s when Lee was working
in Overseas Union Bank. After he moved to OCBC, he was tasked to handle the
plaintiff’s accounts as OCBC was aware of his good relationship with Ms Lin.
When he subsequently joined the defendant, he continued to act as the
relationship manager for the Companies’ accounts with the defendant. According
to Lee, during his tenure with OCBC, he would visit the plaintiff’s office
once a week. He intensified the frequency of visits to twice a week when he
joined the defendant in order to deepen the relationship, as the defendant was
a relatively new banker. He often spoke to Ms Lin during those visits and Ms
Lin felt obligated towards the defendant and him as she believed that they
were very “supportive” of the Companies.

10 Between September and November 2008, the plaintiff faced increasing
difficulties paying overdue loans and other facilities and these were left
largely unpaid. On 11 September 2008, the defendant requested that the
Companies reduce the amount of invoices sent for discounting to avoid
exceeding the AR Financing facility’s limit of US$20m. After the limit was
reached by the end of September 2008, no further invoices were sent to the
defendant for discounting. Besides the defendant, other banks such as ABN
AMRO, DBS, KBC, Maybank and UOB were pressing the Companies to repay their
overdue loans and other facilities, but the Companies were unable to make
payment in full, only making payments in the ordinary course of business from
trade receivables or by drawing on credit lines. The Companies then told their
bank creditors, including the defendant, that they would pay down their loans
and facilities using the proceeds from the sale of the MAP Shares, the Min Aik
Shares and the EMS business to the Global Emerging Markets Group (“GEM”).

11 At around the same time, the Companies’ trade creditors were also demanding
payment of invoices from the Companies.

12 The Companies first defaulted on their facilities with the defendant on 7
October 2008 when they failed to pay over receivables that would have been
paid by Motorola Electronics to JHTI on that date. Besides this, JHTI failed
to make payment on other amounts, including invoices under the AR Financing
facility and trade bills, which had fallen due for payment in early October
2008. When the Companies failed to settle trust receipts which were due on 16
October 2008, the defendant forced-debited JHTI’s current account, causing it
to be overdrawn.

13 Between October and December 2008, Lee sent e-mail chasers and made
telephone calls to the Companies’ directors requesting for payment. He also
met with the plaintiff’s representatives at the plaintiff’s premises to
discuss repayment of the amounts due to the defendant. According to the
defendant, Lee and Ms Lin had reached a verbal agreement on a schedule of
repayment that was recorded in a letter dated 13 November 2008 from the
defendant to the Companies (“the First Letter”). The defendant took the
position that the First Letter had purported to cancel the facilities extended
to the Companies and had included a formal demand for all amounts due and
owing under the various facilities extended to the Companies. Ms Lin’s
evidence, however, was that she was not aware of any verbal agreement with
Lee. She also did not recall having seen the First Letter, which the Judicial
Managers could not find among the books and records of the Companies.

14 During one of his telephone calls sometime in November 2008, Lee asked Ms
Lin whether the MAP Shares could be placed in an escrow account with the
defendant, but Ms Lin told him that this could not be done and that the loans
due to the defendant could be repaid instead from the sale proceeds of the Min
Aik Shares. Later that month, Lee told Ms Lin that the defendant wanted the
Min Aik Shares to be placed in an escrow account with the defendant to ensure
that the sale proceeds of those shares would be paid to the defendant.

15 On 17 November 2008, the defendant issued a letter to JHTI demanding
payment of the unpaid receivables under the AR Financing facility.

16 On 23 November 2008, Ms Lin signed and issued a letter under which the
plaintiff undertook to set up an escrow account with the defendant to hold the
Min Aik Shares and credit the sale proceeds of the Min Aik Shares directly to
the escrow account. Despite the contents of that letter, no escrow account was
opened with the defendant and the Min Aik Shares were not placed in any such
escrow account.

17 According to the defendant, on 25 November 2008, a meeting took place
between the Companies’ principal representatives (including Ms Lin), Lee, the
defendant’s general manager Goh Chong Theng (“Goh”) and the defendant’s chief
credit analyst Tan Wah Yam (“Tan”). At that meeting, Goh demanded that the
Companies take immediate action to prepare the appropriate documentation to
ensure that the proceeds from the sale of the Min Aik Shares be paid to the
defendant. While Ms Lin’s evidence in this regard was that she did not recall
this meeting on 25 November 2008, the plaintiff is prepared to accept that the
meeting did take place as nothing turns on this.

18 Around 25 November 2008, the plaintiff instructed Min Aik to source for a
buyer for the Min Aik Shares. On 27 November 2008, Min Aik informed Ms Lin
that the proceeds of sale would be paid to the defendant. In November and
December 2008, Lee sent numerous e-mails and made various telephone calls to
the Companies’ officers, asking them to sell the Min Aik Shares and remit the
proceeds to the defendant.

19 On 1 December 2008, the Companies appointed KordaMentha Pte Ltd
(“KordaMentha”) as financial advisors, primarily to assist the plaintiff with
the proposed sale transaction with Global Emerging Markets Group by managing
the key stakeholders during the sale period. Additionally, Tam’s evidence was
that the appointment of KordaMentha was meant to aid the plaintiff which was
in dire financial straits.

20 On 9 December 2008, KordaMentha called for a meeting of all the bank
creditors of the Companies, at which KordaMentha presented the total amounts
owing by the Companies to all their bank creditors. Subsequently, several
letters of demand were received. By the end of December 2008, the Companies
had received letters of demand from the following creditors:

(a) KBC (on 7 November 2008);

(b) Maybank (on 2 and 22 December 2008);

(c) ABN AMRO (on 18 December 2008);

(d) OCBC (on 26 December 2008); and

(e) BTMU (on 29 December 2008).

Apart from these bank creditors, the Companies also received letters of demand
from their trade creditors, some of which even commenced legal proceedings for
unpaid debts as early as 12 December 2008.

21 On 18 December 2008 and 7 January 2009, the plaintiff sold the Min Aik
Shares for a total of US$2,819,093.03, part of which, _ie_ , the Payment, was
remitted to the defendant on 22 December 2008 in two tranches. By way of a
letter dated 26 December 2008, the defendant informed the plaintiff that the
Payment had been set off against the moneys due and owing by the plaintiff.

The issues

22 Against that backdrop, the plaintiff seeks to recover the sale proceeds of
the Min Aik Shares from the defendant on the ground that the Payment
constituted an undue preference under s 227T of the Companies Act. Under that
section, a payment made by a company shall be void as against the judicial
manager if, being made by a natural person, it would have been void as against
the Official Assignee under s 99 (read with ss 100 – 102) of the Bankruptcy
Act (Cap 20, 2000 Rev Ed) (“Bankruptcy Act”) as an unfair preference in the
event that that natural person became bankrupt.

23 Under s 99(3) of the Bankruptcy Act, an unfair preference is given by an
individual to a person if:

(_a_) that person is one of the individual’s creditors or a surety or
guarantor for any of his debts or other liabilities; and

(_b_) the individual does anything or suffers anything to be done which (in
either case) has the effect of putting that person into a position which, in
the event of the individual’s bankruptcy, will be better than the position he
would have been in if that thing had not been done.

Crucially, s 99(4) provides that an order shall not be made under s 99 of the
Bankruptcy Act unless the individual who gave the preference was “influenced
in deciding to give it by a desire to produce in relation to that person the
effect mentioned” in s 99(3)(_b_).

24 The transaction that is being impugned as an unfair preference should have
occurred within the period of six months ending on the day of the making of
the bankruptcy application (or, in this case, the application for the judicial
management order) (see s 100(1)(c)(ii) of the Bankruptcy Act, read with s
227T(2) of the Companies Act). Under s 100(2) of the Bankruptcy Act, the six-
month period prior to the day of the application for the judicial management
order is not relevant for the purposes of avoiding the transaction as an
unfair preference under s 99 unless the company:

(_a_) is insolvent at that time; or

(_b_) becomes insolvent in consequence of the transaction or preference.

25 For the purposes of determining if a company was “insolvent” at the
relevant time, the following two tests are provided in s 100(4) of the
Bankruptcy Act:

(_a_) [it] is unable to pay [its] debts as they fall due [the ‘liquidity
test’]; or

(_b_) the value of [its] assets is less than the amount of [its] liabilities,
taking into account [its] contingent and prospective liabilities [the ‘balance
sheet test’].

26 In summary, the requirements to be satisfied before the Payment could be
avoided as against the Judicial Managers on the ground of unfair preference
can be gleaned from the provisions above to be the following:

(a) The Payment was made to the defendant within six months of the date of the
application for a judicial management order;

(b) The defendant is a creditor of the plaintiff;

(c) The Payment has the effect of putting the defendant in a position which in
the event of the plaintiff’s being placed under judicial management will be
better than the position the defendant would have been in if the payment was
not made;

(d) In deciding to make the Payment, the plaintiff was influenced by a desire
to produce in relation to the defendant the effect mentioned in (c) above; and

(e) The plaintiff was either insolvent at the time the Payment was made or
became insolvent as a result of making the Payment.

27 As it was common ground that the first three requirements were satisfied on
the facts, the issues that arise for my consideration are:

(a) Whether in deciding to make the Payment the plaintiff was influenced by a
desire to place the defendant in a better position in the event of the
former’s placement under judicial management than the latter would have been
in if the Payment had not been made; and

(b) Whether the plaintiff was insolvent at the time the Payment was made, or
had become insolvent as a result of the Payment.

Whether the plaintiff was influenced by a desire to prefer the defendant

28 The plaintiff’s case is that it was influenced in deciding to pay the
proceeds from the sale of the Min Aik Shares to the defendant by a desire to
produce the effect of putting the defendant into a position which in the event
of the plaintiff’s insolvency would be better than the position the defendant
would have been in if the Payment had not been made.

29 The defendant took the position that:

(a) the plaintiff did not possess the requisite state of mind envisaged under
the unfair preference regime as the plaintiff did not know that it was
actually or imminently insolvent at the material time; and

(b) the plaintiff had not proven that it had the requisite desire to improve
the defendant’s position in the event of its insolvency. Furthermore, even if
the plaintiff did possess the requisite state of mind as to its imminent or
actual insolvency, the defendant averred that the desire to prefer was not
operative on the plaintiff’s mind in making the decision to make the Payment;
rather, the Payment was made in response to the commercial pressure exerted by
the defendant on the plaintiff’s management for repayment of its facilities.

30 In the English decision of _Re MC Bacon Ltd_ [1990] BCLC 324 (“ _Re Bacon_
”), Millett J discussed in detail the changes brought afoot by the enactment
of the UK Insolvency Act 1986. In relation to the UK equivalent of our s 99(4)
of the Bankruptcy Act, Millett J observed (at 335) that:

It is no longer necessary to establish a _dominant_ intention to prefer. It is
sufficient that the decision was _influenced_ by the requisite desire. That is
the first change. The second is that it is no longer sufficient to establish
an _intention_ to prefer. There must be a _desire_ to produce the effect
mentioned in the subsection. [emphasis in original]

Since “desire” has been substituted as the relevant test, it is the subjective
desire of the company, _ie_ , it positively wished, to improve the creditor’s
position in the event of its imminent insolvency that is decisive (see _Re
Bacon_ at 335–336).

31 There is no need for direct evidence of the requisite desire as such desire
can be inferred from the circumstances of the case (see _Re Bacon_ at 336; see
also _Chee Yoh Chuang and another (as Liquidators of Progen Engineering Pte
Ltd (in liquidation) v Progen Holdings Ltd_ [2010] SGCA 31 at [40]). As the
test of “dominant intention to prefer” has been abolished, so long as the
desire to prefer was one of the factors which operated on the minds of those
who made the decision, the test under s 99(4) would be satisfied (see  _Re
Bacon_ at 336).

The plaintiff’s knowledge of its actual or imminent insolvency

32 The defendant submitted that in order for unfair preference to be made out,
it must be shown that the plaintiff must have known of its insolvency or
imminent insolvency when deciding to make the Payment. The defendant relied on
judicial support for this proposition in Singapore and in England. In  _Amrae
Benchuan Trading Pte Ltd (in liquidation) v Tan Te Teck Gregory_ [2006] 4
SLR(R) 969 (“ _Amrae Benchuan_ ”), Sundaresh Menon JC held that there was no
unfair preference in that case because, _inter alia_ , he did not see (at
[56]) “how [he] can find that [the shareholders and directors of the
plaintiff] (and the defendant for that matter) knew or expected that the
company would inevitably be wound up imminently”. Menon JC was there dealing
with an alleged unfair preference given to an associate. Under s 99(5) of the
Bankruptcy Act, any unfair preference given to an associate is _presumed_ to
have been influenced by the requisite desire, unless the contrary is shown on
a balance of probabilities. In _Amrae Benchuan_ , Menon JC was of the view (at
[56]) that the lack of knowledge or expectation on the part of the company’s
controllers that it would be wound up imminently, coupled with the fact that
the impugned transaction had occurred “a little less than two years before a
petition for the winding up of the plaintiff was in fact presented”, _pointed
away from the probability_ that those making the payment were doing so with
the relevant desire. In other words, lack of knowledge of the company’s
imminent winding up could be one factor to be considered in deciding whether
the statutory presumption has been rebutted. I find nothing in his judgment
that makes knowledge of the company’s imminent winding up a _requirement_ to
be satisfied in order for an unfair preference to be made out. If, however,
that was the intended effect of Menon JC’s judgment, I respectfully differ.

33 In an English case where the “burden of proof [had] shifted” as a result of
the statutory presumption, _Re Beacon Leisure Ltd_ [1992] BCLC 565 (“ _Re
Beacon Leisure_ ”), Mr R A K Wright QC (sitting as a deputy judge of the High
Court) found (at 568) that the necessary desire did not exist or ought not to
be inferred, primarily because he accepted the company directors’ denials that
they had such a desire. Andrew Chan Chee Yin, _Law and Practice of Corporate
Insolvency_ (LexisNexis, 2005) at para [1555]–[1600] cited _Re Beacon Leisure_
as authority for the proposition that “it is possible” to read s 99 of the
Bankruptcy Act as requiring the debtor to have some knowledge of its own
winding up because in that case, where the director concerned did not know
that liquidation was imminent, it was held that there was no desire to prefer
on the part of the insolvent company. To my mind, Wright QC in _Re Beacon
Leisure_ merely found that the statutory presumption had been rebutted by the
directors’ denials, backed by their lack of knowledge of the debtor company’s
imminent winding up, that they had the relevant desire. There was no necessity
for the learned deputy judge to make a positive finding that the directors
knew of their company’s imminent winding up because the requisite desire had
been presumed against them. To my mind, both _Re Beacon Leisure_ and _Amrae
Benchuan_ ([32]  _supra_) are examples of how the lack of knowledge of the
debtor company’s insolvent state of affairs is one of the factors that should
be considered in deciding whether the statutory presumption under s 99(5) has
been rebutted, but the converse proposition, that knowledge of the company’s
winding up is required before unfair preference is made out, has _not_ been
laid down as a rule by the courts.

34 Lee Eng Beng, “The Avoidance Provisions of the Bankruptcy Act 1995 and
their Application to Companies” [1995] SJLS 597, expressed the view (at p 616)
that a literal interpretation of s 99(4) of the Bankruptcy Act would suggest
that the deputy judge’s approach in _Re Beacon Leisure_ in assuming that there
was no desire to prefer on the part of an insolvent company if the director
concerned did not know that liquidation was imminent “is not entirely correct,
since the desire to prefer relates to the producing of the effect of a
preference and has nothing to do with knowledge of one’s own insolvency”. The
article further considered that (at p 616):

Admittedly, it is improbable that one would have a desire to prefer if he is
ignorant of his own impoverished condition. On the other hand, it is very
possible that a person will have a desire to prefer even if he is not
absolutely sure that he is insolvent; it is totally plausible that he may
entertain such a desire where he suspects or has reason to believe that his
own insolvency is a real possibility. To this extent, therefore, it would
appear that the approach in [_Re Beacon Leisure_] is too lenient.

I agree with these views.

35 It must also be borne in mind that under s 99(1), a transaction will only
be considered an unfair preference if it occurred “at the relevant time”. In
relation to a company, such relevant time could be as early as two years
before the making of the application for a judicial management order (where
the creditor is an associate of the debtor company) (see s 100(1)(_c_) of the
Bankruptcy Act read with s 227T of the Companies Act). To my mind, it would
not be realistic or practicable, and therefore unlikely to have been the
legislature’s intention, to require the judicial manager to show that the
controllers of the insolvent company knew at the relevant time (which could
even be two years before the application for a judicial management order is
even made) that the company was facing imminent liquidation.

36 Furthermore, in order for a transaction to be impugned as an unfair
preference, not only must it have occurred within the period of two years or
six months (under s 100(1)(_b_) and (_c_) of the Bankruptcy Act respectively)
ending on the day of the making of the application for a judicial management
order, but under s 100(2) of the Bankruptcy Act the company must also have
been insolvent at the time of the transaction, or became insolvent in
consequence of the transaction. Since, for the purposes of unfair preference,
a company’s insolvency is judged objectively under the liquidity test or the
balance sheet test (see s 100(4) of the Bankruptcy Act), at the time of the
impugned transaction, the controllers of the company may not know that its
winding up is an inevitable result. However, they may think that its winding
up is on the horizon, or a possible result, and decide to give a preference to
a creditor. In my judgment, to require the judicial manager to prove that the
company’s controllers must have known that the company was insolvent or
imminently insolvent at the material time before a transaction can be avoided
as an unfair preference would place too onerous a burden on the judicial
manager.

37 Indeed, the English Court of Appeal in _Katz & Ors v McNally & Ors_ [1999]
BCC 291 made it clear (at 296) that it is “not necessary to establish that the
directors of the company knew or believed that it was insolvent” in order to
prove unfair preference. It is sufficient that the directors were influenced
by the desire to put the creditor into a position “which in the event of the
company going into insolvent liquidation” would be a better position than if
no payment was made. In another English case, _Wills and another v Corfe
Joinery Ltd (in liq)_ [1998] 2 BCLC 75, Lloyd J held (at 79) that it is not
necessary, in order to show such desire, to demonstrate that the directors
knew that the company would go into insolvent liquidation, or when it would do
so. Lloyd J’s judgment was cited with approval by Kan Ting Chiu J in _Re Libra
Industries Pte Ltd (in compulsory liquidation)_ [1999] 3 SLR(R) 205 at [43].

38 This is not to say that the knowledge of the company’s imminent liquidation
on the part of its controllers is never relevant in making out unfair
preference. Indeed, such knowledge will often be instrumental in proving the
relevant desire. In _Re Living Images Ltd_ [1996] BCC 112, Laddie J held (at
128) that the “most likely explanation” for the repayment of moneys to a
particular creditor (a personal friend of the company’s chairman) was that the
directors “knew that there was a great risk that the company was on the point
of going into liquidation and, if it did so, [that creditor] would not be
paid”. In  _Re Agriplant Services Ltd_ [1997] BCC 842, Jonathan Parker J,
having found (at 851) that the director (who had personally guaranteed the
company’s indebtedness to a creditor) “knew that an insolvent liquidation was
imminent, and he was looking for ways of limiting his liabilities in that
event”, held that the requirements for making out unfair preference were
satisfied.

39 Thus, whereas none of the cases have stated explicitly that the company’s
management must have known that it was actually or imminently insolvent at the
material time, there are clear judicial pronouncements to the contrary, _ie_ ,
that there is no necessity to establish that the management knew or believed
that the company was insolvent, or even imminently so. It is one thing to say
that such knowledge or belief is relevant to proving the requisite desire; it
is quite another to say that the judicial manager _cannot_ prove a case of
unfair preference without establishing such knowledge or belief.

40 In any event, it is clear that on the present facts, the directors of the
plaintiff must have known that it was facing imminent liquidation by 22
December 2008, the date on which the Payment was made. By that time, it had
received letters of demand from KBC, Maybank and ABN AMRO, as well as numerous
trade creditors. In fact, some of those demands were made after the 9 December
2008 meeting that KordaMentha had convened with the plaintiff’s creditors to
disclose the total amounts owed to those creditors. Those demands were never
fully met by the plaintiff. Thus, it could not have escaped the directors’
attention that the plaintiff owed debts to several bank and trade creditors
that it could not repay, particularly since, even on the defendant’s evidence,
numerous email chasers were being sent and telephone calls were being made by
all the various creditors in a bid to procure repayment of their debts.

The plaintiff’s evidence as to its desire to prefer the defendant

41 It was Ms Lin’s clear evidence given on behalf of the plaintiff that she
had agreed to pay the proceeds of the sale of the Min Aik Shares to the
defendant as she had felt that the defendant had been supportive of the
Companies. Despite her initial concern that the defendant would terminate the
banking facilities extended to the plaintiff and demand immediate repayment,
the defendant had continued to finance the Companies and allowed for gradual
reduction of the facilities.

42 Ms Lin’s subjective view that the defendant had been supportive of the
Companies is also objectively borne out by the surrounding circumstances.
Despite the Companies’ defaults, the defendant continued to invite the
Companies to roll over the term loans and refrained from withdrawing the
facilities, even assuring the plaintiff that it would exit the relationship
gradually in an orderly and responsible fashion. According to Lee’s evidence
on cross-examination, the First Letter was either a “friendly” letter of
demand, or even “not a letter of demand”. Even if the defendant had indeed
intended it to be a letter of demand, doubts were raised as to whether the
plaintiff ever received it. Furthermore, when asked on cross-examination
whether the defendant’s conduct could reasonably be viewed as supportive, Lee
agreed that it could be so construed.

43 Not only was it clear that the defendant’s treatment of the plaintiff in
the midst of its financial difficulties was less threatening than the
treatment by most of its other bank creditors, it was also clear that the
plaintiff had treated the defendant more favourably. Even though the Companies
had informed all their creditors in various presentations that they would be
raising funds to repay or reduce their outstanding loans through the sale of
the EMS business, the MAP Shares and the Min Aik Shares, the plaintiff chose
to pay the proceeds from the sale of the Min Aik Shares to the defendant
alone. This is despite the fact that the other bank creditors were also
pressing for repayment from the Companies. In fact, the other bank creditors
had served formal letters of demand on the plaintiff, threatening to cancel
the facilities forthwith. Moreover, the knowledge that the payment of the sale
proceeds of the Min Aik Shares to the defendant would have caused the
plaintiff to be in breach of its obligations under the negative pledge and
_pari passu_ clauses in the facilities with the other bank creditors did not
deter the plaintiff from making the Payment.

44 All these indicate that the decision to make the Payment was influenced by
the plaintiff’s subjective desire to prefer the defendant in the event of the
former’s insolvency by putting the latter in a better position than it would
be in if the Payment was not made. The defendant maintained, however, that
whatever desire the plaintiff had to prefer the defendant was vitiated by the
pressure that it had placed on the plaintiff to repay.

The defendant’s pressure on the plaintiff

45 The defendant relied on the local case of _Leun Wah Electric Co (Pte) Ltd
(in liquidation) v Sigma Cable Co (Pte) Ltd_ [2006] 3 SLR(R) 227 (“ _Leun Wah_
”) as an example of a commentary by a local court on the value of legitimate
commercial _pressure_ in the context of unfair preference. _Leun Wah_ was
cited in _Walter Woon on Company Law_ (Sweet & Maxwell, Rev 3rd Ed, 2009) (“
_Walter Woon_ ”) at para 17.172 for the proposition that a transaction is not
“likely” to be an unfair preference “in situations where a company makes a
payment in response to commercial pressure”. I note, however, that in _Leun
Wah_ , Choo Han Teck J held (at [11]) that there was insufficient evidence to
form the conclusion that the plaintiff there had any desire to give an unfair
preference to the defendant when it agreed to assign a debt to the latter; the
plaintiff had seemed to believe that the assignment would “forestall drastic
action by the defendant, and thereby gain time for the plaintiff to collect
its own debts”. The primary reason for the insufficiency of evidence in that
case was that the principal person from the plaintiff in respect of the
impugned decision to assign the debt was not called to testify by either
party. Thus, Choo J found (at [12]) that without evidence from that principal
person, “the element of the plaintiff’s desire, the burden of which lay with
the plaintiff, was not proved”. With respect, _Leun Wah_ was not a case where
the desire to prefer a creditor was vitiated by commercial pressure exerted by
that creditor; there was simply no evidence to support a finding of any such
desire.

46 That is not to say that commercial pressure will never provide a good
defence to a claim of unfair preference. Since Lord Mansfield’s judgment in
_Thompson and Others, Assignees of Jane Wiseman v Freeman_ (1786) 99 ER 1026
where his Lordship held (at 1028) that:

A bankrupt when in contemplation of his bankruptcy cannot by his voluntary act
favour any one creditor; but if under fear of legal process he gives a
preference, it is evidence that he does not it voluntarily

it has been a principle of English law that preferential transactions entered
into because of pressure will not be set aside. In _Re Bacon_ , Millett J
found (at 337) that the debtor company’s decision to grant a debenture to its
bank creditor had been made as part of the directors’ decision to “continue
trading in a genuine belief that the company could be pulled round” and they
had “no choice but to accede to the bank’s request for a debenture”. In _Re
Ledingham-Smith (a bankrupt), ex parte the trustee of the bankrupt v Pannell
Kerr Forster (a firm)_ [1993] BCLC 635, Morritt J held (at 642) that “[i]t may
be that pressure does not displace desire in the way that it formerly
displaced a dominant intention to prefer but it can certainly affect the
question of desire”.

47 In Andrew R Keay, _McPherson’s Law of Company Liquidation_ (Sweet &
Maxwell, 2nd Ed, 2009) (“ _McPherson’s_ ”), it is explained (at para 11.035)
that:

The reason why pressure prevents a transfer from being a voidable preference
is that a preference predicates an act of free will and pressure negatives
free will. It has been held that as long as pressure is genuine and not
fraudulent then no transfer can be regarded as a preference. It could be said
that if there is pressure then the debtor company, in granting a preference,
could not have been influenced by a desire to benefit the creditor.

This makes it “advantageous for creditors to exert pressure on any of their
debtors whose financial state appears to be parlous” (see _McPherson’s_ at
para 11.035). _McPherson’s_ further cautioned that (at para 11.035):

This invites creditors to implement a ‘first in first served’ approach and to
exert as much pressure so that they are able to grab what they can before
liquidation eventuates, and if any payment is challenged they can point to
such pressure to justify the payment. ... _To permit individual creditors to
secure advantages by coercing the insolvent is totally antithetical to the
purposes behind the enactment of laws preventing preferences, namely to ensure
that there is a collective process involving a pari passu distribution of the
company’s assets_. [emphasis in original]

I agree with these observations in _McPherson’s_.

48 Therefore, in my view, there must be a limit to the defence of pressure
exerted by creditors. In _Insolvency_ vol 2 (Peter Totty and Gabriel Moss QC
ed) (Sweet & Maxwell, Looseleaf Ed, 1986, August 2008 release) at para H4–08,
it was suggested that the limit is provided by a reference to commercial
purpose. Thus, in circumstances where the directors of a debtor company bow to
creditor pressure in order to act in the commercial interests of the company
as a viable going concern, _ie_ , for “proper commercial considerations” (see
_Re Bacon_ ([30]  _supra_) at 336 and _Re Fairway Magazines Ltd_ , _Fairbairn
v Hartigan_ [1993] BCLC 643 at 649), the requisite desire will not be
established. Conversely, if there is no commercial benefit to the company at
all in paying any creditor, then the court should be extremely slow to find
that pressure from the creditor is a defence to the claim of unfair
preference.

49 The defendant pointed to the Singapore Court of Appeal decision in _Lin
Securities Pte v Royal Trust Bank (Asia) Ltd_ [1994] 3 SLR(R) 899 (“ _Lin
Securities_ ”) as an illustration of the type of commercial pressure exerted
by a bank creditor that would negative any desire to prefer on the part of the
debtor. It bears noting that _Lin Securities_ was decided under the previous
regime of unfair preference where a dominant intention to prefer must be
shown. The alleged unfair preference there was in the form of an arrangement
between a bank creditor and the debtor company under which shares charged to
the bank as security for credit facilities were handed to the bank to be kept
in its custody overnight after trading hours. The Court of Appeal took the
view (at [27]–[28]) that there was a threat conveyed to the debtor that if it
did not agree to the bank’s “request” for the arrangement, the bank would
terminate the credit facilities immediately and call for repayment of the
amounts owing. Crucially, the Court of Appeal found (at [29]) that the debtor
company did what it could “in the circumstances to avoid the knell of their
imminent collapse”; as such, the arrangement with the bank allowed the debtor
to carry on trading and “at the same time enabled [the debtor] to have the
benefit of the facility” from the bank. In the result, it was held that there
was no intention on the debtor’s part to prefer the bank creditor. In other
words, even though the bank in _Lin Securities_ had exerted pressure on the
debtor, the arrangement was entered into so that the company could continue as
a going concern, _ie_ , for proper commercial considerations; such an
arrangement did not constitute an unfair preference.

50 The approach taken by the Hong Kong Court of First Instance in _Re
Sweetmart Garment Works Ltd_ [2008] 2 HKLRD 92 (“ _Re Sweetmart_ ”) is
instructive in this regard. In that case, Barma J examined the contemporaneous
correspondence between the bank creditor and the debtor company in the months
leading up to the grant of the mortgage (_ie_ , the impugned transaction) as
well as the evidence of the steps taken by the other creditors of the company
around the time when the mortgage was granted. At [18], the learned judge
explained that:

The former will throw some light on the **_nature of the relationship_**
between the Bank and the Company, **_the degree of pressure_** that may have
been exerted by the Bank on the Company to improve its position, and the
**_advantages_** , if any, to the Company in granting the mortgage. The latter
will provide material against which the conduct of the Bank and the Company
can be compared, and will also throw light on the financial position of the
Company at the relevant time, a matter which, as I explain below, bears on
**_whether or not there was good reason for the Company to enter into the
mortgage in favour of the Bank_**. [emphasis added]

After comparing the conduct towards the debtor company on the part of the
other creditors and that of the bank to which the mortgage was granted, Barma
J concluded (at [29]) that the steps taken by the former creditors “were, it
is evident, more concrete, more serious, and instituted much more promptly,
than those threatened by the Bank”. Moreover, the loan granted by the bank
creditor against the security of the mortgage “did not involve fresh credit
being given” to the debtor company and it could not be said that the company
“benefited in any tangible way from the granting of the security, so as to
provide a good reason for the grant of the mortgage” (see [31]). As a result,
Barma J held that the debtor company had acted with the requisite desire to
prefer that particular bank creditor.

51 Reverting to the evidence in the present case, despite the defendant’s
attempts to show that it was exerting more pressure on the plaintiff as
compared to the other bank creditors, I am satisfied that the pressure
purportedly exerted by the defendant was not exceptional, particularly when
compared to the pressure exerted by the other bank creditors. As mentioned
above at [43], Lee testified that the First Letter was merely a “friendly
letter of demand”. Moreover, in his personal opinion, the First Letter was not
even a letter of demand. The defendant sent another letter dated 17 December
2008 (“the Second Letter”) to the plaintiff, stating that unless the plaintiff
made payment of sums due and owing to the defendant within five business days,
the defendant would not hesitate to pursue all its legal rights against the
plaintiff. The Second Letter should be considered in the light of the fact
that by 27 November 2008, the plaintiff had given instructions that proceeds
from the sale of the Min Aik Shares should be credited to the defendant.
Moreover, even though the Second Letter suggested that the defendant would not
rollover any of the term loans once they became due and revoked the
“alternative payment arrangements” stated in the First Letter, Lee testified
that the defendant did in fact allow rollover of the outstanding amounts under
the term loan even after the Second Letter.

52 Other than requests made in writing, the defendant also made phone calls
and visits to the plaintiff’s premises. According to Lee’s evidence on cross-
examination, he had always been a regular visitor to the plaintiff’s office,
even before he began his employment with the defendant. Indeed, at the
beginning of the relationship between the plaintiff and the defendant, prior
to the plaintiff’s defaults on the facilities granted by the defendant, Lee
visited the plaintiff’s premises twice a week.

53 The conduct of the defendant towards the plaintiff stood in stark contrast
with that of the other bank creditors:

(a) KBC issued a plain and unambiguous letter of demand to the plaintiff on 7
November 2008, demanding repayment of some $13m in three days, which demand
was acknowledged by Lee to constitute “more pressure” than the defendant’s
“friendly letter of demand”.

(b) RHB issued a letter on 4 November 2008 to the plaintiff, reducing the
facilities extended to the latter and stipulating that repayment should be
made in instalments by 28 November 2008 and 31 December 2008.

(c) Maybank served a letter of demand on the plaintiff on 2 December 2008
calling an event of default and demanding repayment of all outstanding monies
by 16 December 2008.

(d) ABN AMRO sent a letter dated 18 December 2008 to the Companies notifying
them of the occurrence of events of default and requiring them to pay the
outstanding monies within two business days.

In addition, the e-mails from the other bank creditors such as OCBC, Sumitomo
Mitsui Banking Corporation and UOB to the Companies as well as the call
reports of KBC and RHB indicate these creditors had made telephone calls to
and held meetings with the Companies. There is, however, no evidence that
representatives of these creditors had made visits to the Companies prior to
the latter’s defaults on the banking facilities granted by the creditors.

54 The objective evidence, coupled with Ms Lin’s unequivocal evidence that the
demands made by the defendant were not any more critical or pressing than
those made by the other bank creditors at that time, shows that the pressure
exerted by the defendant on the plaintiff was not significantly more
considerable than that exerted by the other bank creditors. Indeed, the
letters of demand served on the plaintiff before 22 December 2008 pressed for
more immediate repayment of outstanding moneys. Yet, those other creditors
were not paid. Instead, the proceeds from the sale of the Min Aik Shares were
paid to the defendant.

55 It is also clear that the Payment did not confer any commercial benefit on
the plaintiff. As the defendant did not grant or disburse any new facilities
to the Companies after 25 November 2008, the Payment was not made in exchange
for any continuing funding from the defendant so as to keep the plaintiff
operating as a going concern. Viewed in the light of the authorities discussed
above, the defendant’s stance that the fact that the defendant did not
terminate its facilities with the Companies was a good commercial reason for
the plaintiff to make the Payment seems distinctly disingenuous, all the more
so since the defendant had recognised internally in a credit memorandum dated
26 November 2008 that:

It should be noted that the taking of Min Aik shares (and subsequent cash
proceeds) even if not pledged may be deemed to be preferred payment if [the
plaintiff] enters into liquidation within 6 months. However, this would not
have compromised our position vis-à-vis now. As such, since [the plaintiff] is
willing to give us the Min Aik shares pending sale, it is proposed that **_we
take it for now and deal with the preferential payment issue if needed
subsequently_**. [emphasis added]

56 In my view, the defendant’s position that the Payment was a response to the
defendant’s demands and sustained pressure for payment, a way to placate one
of its biggest creditors and pre-empt it from taking legal action against the
plaintiff so as to prevent an escalation of the matter, is precisely the
result that the unfair preference regime should be aimed at avoiding. When a
company is facing imminent insolvency, all the creditors that have extended
banking facilities on a _pari passu_ basis should be held to that undertaking
and not compete to exert the greatest amount of pressure on the debtor company
to procure repayment in a bid to circumvent the statutory process of
distribution of the company’s assets. In my judgment, therefore, the pressure
exerted by the defendant on the plaintiff did not vitiate the plaintiff’s
desire to prefer the defendant, which desire had influenced the decision to
make the Payment.

Whether the plaintiff was insolvent

57 Section 100(4) of the Bankruptcy Act states that a person shall be
“insolvent” for the purposes of s 100(2) if:

(_a_) he is unable to pay his debts as they fall due; or

(_b_) the value of his assets is less than the amount of his liabilities,
taking into account his contingent and prospective liabilities.

The two limbs of s 100(4) are to be read disjunctively: _Velstra Pte Ltd (in
compulsory winding up) v Azero Investments SA_ [2004] SGHC 251 at [89]. So
long as one of the tests is satisfied on the facts, the plaintiff can be
considered to be insolvent for the purposes of avoiding the Payment as an
unfair preference under s 99.

The liquidity test

58 In _Leun Wah_ , Choo J found (at [8]) that the company was insolvent as it
was “pressed for payments at the material time from many quarters and had not
been able to pay”. There is sufficient evidence on the present facts that from
around September 2008 the plaintiff was unable to pay its debts as they fell
due. The demands made by the bank creditors in respect of bills, trust
receipts, long and short term loans were largely unmet by the plaintiff. No
new financing or loans were made available to the plaintiff in the meantime.
The fact that the plaintiff was unable to make payment of its debts and
overdue loans despite repeated demands from its various creditors indicates
clearly that it was cash-flow insolvent.

59 Apart from the correspondence between the plaintiff and its bank creditors,
another indication of the plaintiff’s cash-flow insolvency was the cash
balances of its bank accounts in November and December 2008. The bank
statements show that as at 25 November 2008, one of its 15 bank accounts was
in overdraft of S$1,499,870.64 while the remaining 14 had relatively low
balances of S$43,274.28 and US$32,976.58. As at 22 December 2008, three of the
accounts were in overdraft of S$1,519,949.68 and US$18,960.55 while the
remaining accounts had relatively low balances of S$53,539.55 and US$5,308.99.
These paltry cash balances could hardly have been sufficient to meet the bank
creditors’ demands for repayment of millions of dollars outstanding.

60 With regard to cash-flow insolvency, the defendant contended, _inter alia_
, that as there were no statutory demands made as at 25 November 2008 (when it
was agreed that the Payment would be made) and 22 December 2008 (the date of
the Payment), the plaintiff was not cash-flow insolvent at the material time.
This contention reveals the defendant’s mistaken conflation between the
winding up process and the judicial management process. Under s 254(1) of the
Companies Act, the court may order the winding up of a company if, _inter
alia_ , the company is “unable to pay its debts”. Under s 254(2), a company
shall be deemed to be unable to pay its debts if, _inter alia_ ,

(_a_) a creditor by assignment or otherwise to whom the company is indebted in
a sum exceeding $10,000 then due has served on the company by leaving at the
registered office a demand under his hand or under the hand of his agent
thereunto lawfully authorised requiring the company to pay the sum so due, and
the company has for 3 weeks thereafter neglected to pay the sum or to secure
or compound for it to the reasonable satisfaction of the creditor; ...

However, s 227C(_a_) of the Companies Act makes it clear that during the
period beginning with the making of an application for a judicial management
order and ending with the making of such an order, _no order shall be made for
the winding up of the company_. Indeed, s 227D(1)(_b_) of the Companies Act
states that on the making of a judicial management order, any application for
the winding up of the company shall be dismissed. Thus, the winding up of a
company is separate and distinct from the making of a judicial management
order in respect of the same. In any case, unlike s 254 of the Companies Act,
for the purposes of unfair preference the liquidity test under s 100(4)(_a_)
of the Bankruptcy Act measures the company’s insolvency in terms of its
inability to pay its debts _as they fall due_. In _Re Cheyne Finance plc_
[2008] 2 All ER 987 (“ _Re Cheyne_ ”), Briggs J held (at [56]) that the effect
of the addition of the words “as they fall due” in s 123(1)(_e_) of the UK
Insolvency Act 1986 (_in pari materia_ with s 100(4)(_a_) of the Bankruptcy
Act) was to:

... replace in the commercial solvency test now in s 123(1)(e), one futurity
requirement, namely to include contingent and prospective liabilities, with
another more flexible and fact sensitive requirement encapsulated in the new
phrase ‘as they fall due’.

On this view, I am entitled to consider the letters of demand served on the
plaintiff _after_ 22 December 2008 as evidence that the plaintiff was unable
to pay its debts as they fell due. These include the letters of demand from
OCBC and BTMU served on the plaintiff on 26 and 29 December 2008 respectively.

61 Looking at the evidence in its totality, I am firmly of the view that the
plaintiff was cash-flow insolvent when it made the Payment to the defendant.

The balance sheet test

62 In view of the fact that the test in s 100(4) of the Bankruptcy Act is
disjunctive rather than conjunctive and that the plaintiff has failed the
liquidity test, it is strictly not necessary for me to look into the balance
sheet test. For the sake of completeness I shall nevertheless do so.

63 On the face of the plaintiff’s balance sheets as at 30 September 2008 and
31 December 2008, the plaintiff appeared to be balance-sheet solvent. However,
the Judicial Managers were of the view that substantial write-downs should be
made to the plaintiff’s investments in subsidiaries and receivables from
related companies. This followed their investigation into the financial
affairs of the plaintiff where they came across dubious entries in the
accounts of the plaintiff. Adjustments to the balance sheet were accordingly
made with the approval of the plaintiff’s directors. With these adjustments,
it became evident that the plaintiff was balance-sheet _insolvent_ at the time
of the Payment.

64 The defendant contended that a retrospective view of the situation should
not be adopted to reach the conclusion that the plaintiff was balance-sheet
insolvent as that would allow _ex post facto_ analysis to substitute that
which the directors of the Companies honestly believed at the time and
represented to its creditors. The defendant took the position that the
Judicial Managers and the directors of the plaintiff should not have taken
into account events that transpired after 31 December 2008 in restating the
accounts of the plaintiff as at that date. This position is misconceived. In
the first place, the balance sheet test, applying s 100(4) of the Bankruptcy
Act, is simply whether the value of the plaintiff’s assets as at the balance
sheet date was less than the amount of its liabilities, taking into account
its contingent and prospective liabilities. The test is an objective one and
not subject to the vagaries of the directors’ subjective views at that time,
much less their erroneous views as demonstrated by their acceptance of the
adjustments recommended by the Judicial Managers.

65 The defendant relied on the Australian case of _Lewis (as liquidator of
Doran Constructions Pty Ltd (in liq) and Another v Doran and Others_ [2005] 54
ACSR 410 (“ _Doran_ ”) for the proposition that any solvency assessment must
take into account what was known or ought to have been known at the relevant
time. The New South Wales Court of Appeal held that the company was not
insolvent at the time the impugned transaction was entered into. In his
discussion on s 95A of the New South Wales Corporations Law, Giles JA (with
whom Hodgson and McColl JJA agreed), held that (at [103]):

... Section 95A speaks of objective ability to pay debts as and when they
become due and payable, but ability must be determined in the circumstances as
they were known or ought to have been known at the relevant time, without
intrusion of hindsight. There must of course be ‘consideration ... given to
the immediate future’ (_Bank of Australasia v Hall_ (1907) 4 CLR 1514 at 1528;
14 ALR 51 at 54–5 per Griffith CJ), and how far into the future will depend on
the circumstances including the nature of the company’s business and, if it is
known, of the future liabilities. ...

66 There are obvious barriers to the application of this passage quoted above
from Giles JA’s judgment in _Doran_ to the present facts. First, as adroitly
pointed out by Briggs J in _Re Cheyne_ ([60]  _supra_) at [41], “neither the
Australian courts nor legislature have developed a balance sheet test of the
type found in s 123(2)” of the UK Insolvency Act 1986 (equivalent to s
100(4)(_b_) of the Bankruptcy Act). The decision in _Doran_ thus has nothing
to do with the balance sheet test for insolvency; Giles JA was construing a
provision regarding “ability to pay debts _as and when they become due and
payable_ ” [emphasis added], _ie_ , the liquidity test for insolvency.

67 Second, the defendant had omitted Giles JA’s qualification immediately
following the passage quoted at [66] above, which I reproduce as follows:

**_Unexpected later_** discovery of a liability, or later quantification of a
liability at an unexpected level, may be excluded from consideration **_if the
liability was properly unknown or seen in lesser amount at the relevant
time_**. [emphasis added]

In other words, later discovery of a liability or later quantification of a
liability at an unexpected level _may_ be taken into account if it was _not_
unexpected or if it was _not_ properly unknown or seen in lesser amount at the
relevant time. In _The Bell Group Ltd (in liq) v Westpac Banking Corporation
(No 9)_ [2008] WASC 239 (“ _The Bell Group_ ”), Owen J adopted Giles JA’s
reference to an assessment made “without the intrusion of hindsight”, but
elaborated that (at [1115]) “when determining the company’s ability to pay, it
must be done according to the circumstances or state of affairs which were
known or ‘ _knowable_ ’ at the time” [emphasis added]. Furthermore, Owen J
also held (at [1116]) that:

... a court can take into account facts available in hindsight (that is, after
the determinative date of solvency) if the facts help determine which version
of conflicting accounts as to the state of affairs is the more likely. ...

68 Notwithstanding that the views expressed in the Australian authorities on
insolvency were _apropos_ the liquidity test rather than the balance sheet
test, even transposing the logic to the balance-sheet test, they do not assist
the defendant in showing that the plaintiff was not balance-sheet insolvent.
Many of the adjustments to the accounts proposed by the Judicial Managers were
based on facts which were “knowable” and thus should not be considered to be
“unexpected” so as to be omitted from the factual matrix considered in the
assessment of the plaintiff’s balance-sheet solvency. Indeed, based on the
post-event facts uncovered by the Judicial Managers, it is clear that the
“proffered expectations of the parties ... were not realistic” (_per_ Owen J
in _The Bell Group_ at [1117]), as evidenced by the directors’ agreement to
the adjustments without any demurrer. The Judicial Managers’ adjustments to
the accounts can hardly be described as an instance where hindsight was
allowed to intrude.

69 Therefore, I am of the view that the plaintiff was also insolvent on the
balance sheet test.

Conclusion

70 For the reasons above, I come to the conclusion that the Payment to the
defendant was an undue preference within the meaning of s 227T of the
Companies Act and is void as against the Judicial Managers. The defendant
shall pay the plaintiff the US$529,720.31 and US$2,245,429.06 that it received
under the Payment together with interest thereon (at the applicable fixed
deposit rate the defendant was paying its prime customers on or about 22
December 2009) for the period commencing from that date to the date of
judgment herein and thereafter at the rate of 5.33% per annum until payment.

71 Costs to the plaintiff shall be taxed unless agreed.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 09 Dec 2010 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

