Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Nanyang Law LLC _v_ Alphomega Research Group Ltd  
[2010] SGHC 133

Case Number| :| Suit No 540 of 2009 (Registrar's Appeal No 67 of 2010)  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 30 April 2010  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Andrew Ang J  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Philip Jeyaretnam SC and Ng Hui Min (Rodyk & Davidson
LLP) for the plaintiff/respondent; Adrian Tan and Robert Raj Joseph (Drew &
Napier LLC) for the defendant/appellant.  
Parties| :|  Nanyang Law LLC — Alphomega Research Group Ltd  
  
30 April 2010|  
---|---  
  
Andrew Ang J:

Introduction

1 This is an appeal by Alphomega Research Group (“Alphomega”) against the
decision of the learned assistant registrar (“AR”) who declined to set aside a
default judgment dated 7 July 2009 (“the Default Judgment”), which was granted
in favour of Nanyang Law LLC (“Nanyang”), as well as two orders of court with
respect to execution (“the Orders”) and a writ of seizure and sale (“the
WSS”). After much consideration, I decided to allow Alphomega’s appeal. I now
give my reasons for doing so.

Background

2 The facts in the present matter are clearly set out at [3] to [8] of the
AR’s judgment in _Alphomega Research Group Ltd v Nanyang Law LLC_ [2010] SGHC
45 (“the Judgment”). Essentially, Nanyang, a firm of advocates and solicitors,
had represented Alphomega in two suits involving Alphomega’s
directors/shareholders and Alphomega, _viz_ , Suit No 49 of 2008 (“Suit 49”)
and Suit No 856 of 2008. Both suits were consolidated, together with a third
suit, _viz_ , Suit No 855 of 2008 and heard before Tan Lee Meng J (“Tan
J”).[note: 1] Midway through the trial before Tan J on 9 February 2009,
Alphomega terminated the services of Nanyang and replaced Nanyang with
Sterling Law Corporation (“Sterling”) as its counsel. Subsequent to its
discharge, Nanyang sought to recover from Alphomega payment for work done up
to the termination. Several invoices were rendered to Alphomega. However,
payment was not made. Nanyang then proceeded to tax the solicitor-client costs
with the result that registrar’s certificates were issued for sums totalling
$332,229.40 payable by Alphomega to Nanyang. Nanyang then sought payment of
this sum from Alphomega. Once again, this was to no avail. Nanyang hence
commenced the present action against Alphomega to recover the total
outstanding amount in respect of the registrar’s certificates.

3 The writ of summons for the present suit (“the Writ”) was filed on 23 June
2009. It was purportedly served by a court clerk of Nanyang (“the Court
Clerk”) on Alphomega on 24 June 2009 at 6 Sungei Kadut Way, Singapore 728786,
the address of Alphomega’s principal place of business. As Alphomega did not
enter appearance in respect of the Writ, Nanyang obtained judgment in default
against Alphomega (_ie_ , the Default Judgment) for the sum of $332,229.40 on
3 July 2009. Thereafter, Nanyang proceeded with execution proceedings against
Alphomega. It obtained the Orders and the WSS and lodged a caveat in the
Registry of Land Titles in connection with the WSS.

4 On 26 November 2009, Alphomega filed an application to set aside the Default
Judgment (“the Application”). Two other summonses, _viz_ , Summons No 6297 of
2009 and Summons No 6440 of 2009, were filed to amend the Application. One of
the amendments to the Application was to include an additional ground for
setting aside the Default Judgment, namely, the merits of its defence against
Nanyang’s claim. After hearing the arguments of both parties, the AR dismissed
the Application and upheld the Default Judgment. Alphomega’s appeal against
the AR’s decision then came before me.

5 After careful consideration of the respective submissions of the parties, I
allowed Alphomega’s appeal on the basis that even though the Default Judgment
was regularly obtained, as the learned AR had rightly found, Alphomega had a
_prima facie_ defence and ought therefore to be allowed to defend itself
against Nanyang’s claim.

The law on the setting aside of default judgments

6 Under O 13 r 8 of the Rules of Court (Cap 322, R5, 2006 Rev Ed) (“Rules of
Court”), the court may, on such terms as it thinks just, set aside a judgment
entered in default of appearance. The law on the setting aside of default
judgments may be found in the seminal case of _Mercurine Pte Ltd v Canberra
Development Pte Ltd_ [2008] 4 SLR(R) 907 (“ _Mercurine_ ”), where the Court of
Appeal restated the principles governing this area of the law. The Court of
Appeal drew the usual distinction between default judgments which have been
obtained regularly and those obtained irregularly.

7 Where the default judgment sought to be set aside is regular, the Court of
Appeal said at [60] (and again at [95]) that “the question for the court is
whether the defendant can establish a _prima facie_ defence in the sense of
showing that there are triable or arguable issues”. However, the Court of
Appeal stressed at [65] that “the merits of the defence do not constitute the
sole consideration that a court takes into account in deciding whether to set
aside a regular default judgment”, indicating that it will also take other
considerations into account. At the end of the day, whether there is a defence
on the merits is to be balanced against other considerations, such as the
applicant’s explanation for the default and any delay, as well as against
prejudice to the other party.

8 Where the default judgment sought to be set aside is irregular, the Court of
Appeal’s guidance at [96] is instructive:

Where the default judgment sought to be set aside is an _irregular_ one,
setting aside as of right (_viz_ , the _ex debito justitiae_ rule) remains the
starting point, especially in cases where the irregularity consists of the
premature entry of a default judgment or a failure to give proper notice of
the proceedings to the defendant – _ie_ , in cases where there has been
egregious procedural injustice to the defendant. This starting point may,
however, be departed from where there are proper grounds for doing so. The
court has an unfettered discretion whether the _ex debito justitiae_ rule
should be followed, and, in exercising this discretion, it may take into
account, among other factors (see also [76] above):

(a) the blameworthiness of the respective parties (_eg_ , whether there has
been undue delay on the defendant’s part in making its setting-aside
application);

(b) whether the defendant has admitted liability under the default judgment;
and

(c) whether the defendant would be unduly prejudiced if the irregular default
judgment is allowed to stand.

In those instances where the court is of the view that there has been no
procedural injustice of such an egregious nature as to warrant setting aside
the irregular default judgment as of right, the court has to go on to consider
whether to nonetheless set aside the irregular default judgment on some other
basis apart from the _ex debito justitiae_ rule. To this end, it is crucial
for the court to take into account the merits of the defence. Should the court
find that the defendant is ‘bound to lose’ (_per_ Sir Staughton in _Faircharm_
([77] _supra_)) if the default judgment is set aside and the matter re-
litigated, the court should ordinarily uphold the default judgment, subject to
any variation which the court deems fit to make and/or any terms which it
deems fit to impose.

In other words, the plaintiff has first to persuade the court that the _ex
debito justitiae_ rule should not be applied. Having done so, it then has to
counter the defendant’s setting aside application by showing that the
defendant is “bound to lose”.

Whether the Default Judgment was regularly obtained

9 Based on the guidance provided in _Mercurine_ ([6]  _supra_), I had first to
decide whether the Default Judgment was regularly or irregularly obtained. In
this regard, I agreed with the AR that the Default Judgment was regularly
obtained. First, I was of the view that service of the Writ had indeed been
effected. The Court Clerk had described in detail how service was effected on
24 June 2009 in a statutory declaration. Alphomega’s argument (that Nanyang’s
assertion that service of the Writ had been acknowledged by one “Chris” ought
not to be believed because none of its employees bore the name of “Chris”) was
weak. I was also not convinced by Alphomega’s argument that Nanyang’s
chairman, Mr Ng Kim Tean (“Mr Ng”) who was also Alphomega’s company secretary,
had possession of Alphomega’s stamp and could have belatedly and improperly
affixed the same to the Writ. This was because I noted that Mr Ng had ceased
to be Alphomega’s company secretary in February 2009.

10 Second, not only had service of Writ been effected, I was also of the view
that there was proper service of the same. To my mind, service of the Writ at
Alphomega’s principal place of business was good service. In this regard, I
disagreed with the learned authors of _Walter Woon on Company Law_ (Sweet &
Maxwell, 3rd Ed, 2005) at para 10.2 and _Halsbury’s Laws of Singapore_ vol 6
(LexisNexis, 2006 Reissue) at para 70.298, who take the view that s 387 of the
Companies Act (Cap 50, 2006 Rev Ed) (“Companies Act”), which provides for
service at a company’s registered office, is prescriptive and not only
permissive. I based my decision, in part, on the AR’s comprehensive discussion
of service on companies at [19] to [39] of his Judgment. In addition to his
analysis of the law in Singapore, the United Kingdom and Australia, I have two
points to add. First, s 387 of the Companies Act which provides that “a
document _may_ be served on a company by leaving it at or sending it by
registered post to the registered office of the company” is in substance very
similar to s 1139(1) of the UK Companies Act 2006 which also provides that “a
document _may_ be served on a company registered under [the Companies Act
2006] by leaving it at, or sending it by post to, the company’s registered
office”. I noted, in particular, that the word “may” is used in both ss 387
and 1139(1).

11 Apart from the other authorities considered by the learned AR, the Court of
Appeal in England in _Singh v Atombrook_ [1989] 1 WLR 810 suggests (at
818–819) that there is no reason why “may” as used in s 725(1) of the
Companies Act 1985 (UK) (c 6) (the predecessor of s 1139(1) of the Companies
Act 2006) (UK) (c 46)) should be read as “must”. The earlier decision of
_Vignes v Stephen Smith & Co_ (1909) 53 SJ 716 (“ _Vignes_ ”), which stated
that “the only way in which a writ can be served on a company is by leaving it
at or sending it by post to the registered office”, as well as the decisions
of _Wood v Anderson Foundry Co_ (1888) 36 WR 918 (“ _Wood_ ”) and _Pearks,
Gunston & Tee Limited v Richardson_ [1902] 1 KB 91 (“ _Pearks, Gunston &
Tee_”), which Eve J relied upon in _Vignes_ , all did not explain why “may” in
s 62 of the Companies Act 1862 (c 89) (UK) (which is equivalent to s 387 of
our Companies Act) ought to be read as “must”. _Wood_ and _Pearks, Gunston &
Tee_ merely stated that service had to be effected in the manner provided by s
62 of the UK Companies Act 1862 and then concluded that because service was
not effected at the respective registered offices, s 62 was not complied with.
However, no cogent reason was offered as to why service under s 62 had to be
limited to service at the registered office despite the word “may” in s 62. My
view that s 387 of the Companies Act is merely permissive also finds support
in the Australian case of _Peters v Oscar Mayer Pty Ltd_ [1963] VR 390. In
that case, the Supreme Court of Victoria opined (at 395) that s 252 of the
Victorian Companies Act 1958, which states that “a document _may_ be served on
a company by leaving it at or sending it by post to the registered office”,
does not purport to “provide an exclusive mode of effecting service on a
company. It [merely] provides what will be sufficient leaving other methods
open of proving effective service”.

12 The second point I would like to make concerns s 48A of the Interpretation
Act (Cap 1, 2002 Rev Ed) (“Interpretation Act”) which provides:

48A.—(1) _Where a written law authorises or requires_ a document to be served
on a person, whether the expression ‘serve’, ‘give’ or ‘send’ or any other
expression is used, then, _unless the contrary intention appears_ , the
document may be served —

(_a_) …

(_b_) …

(_c_) in the case of a body corporate —

(i)by delivering it to the secretary or other like officer of the body
corporate; or

(ii)by leaving it at, or by sending it by pre-paid post to, the registered
office or a principal office of the body corporate in Singapore.

[emphasis added]

Since s 387 merely provides that service “may” be effected at the company’s
registered office, I was of the view that service on the company may be
effected in accordance with any of the methods stipulated in s 48A(_c_) of the
Interpretation Act. In my view, the clause “Where a written law authorises or
requires a document to be served on a person”, which appears at the beginning
of s 48A(1) of the Interpretation Act, refers principally to written law which
authorises or requires service of a document but which is silent on the manner
of service of the same. Section 48A therefore supplements such written law by
providing the methods whereby service may be effected.

13 Admittedly, on a plain reading of the prefatory words in s 48A, s 387 of
the Companies Act could also qualify as a written law which “authorises … a
document to be served”. But does s 387 “require” service in the manner
provided in s 387? On the view that I have already expressed, it does not. On
a plain reading, s 387 of the Companies Act is clearly permissive and not
prescriptive. Therefore, it cannot be said that any “contrary intention
appears” in s 387. Such a construction permits s 48A(1)(_c_) of the
Interpretation Act to have effect. In contrast, a reading that s 387 of the
Companies Act is prescriptive (so that a contrary intention appears) would
render s 48A(1)(_c_) otiose in so far as service on a company is concerned. It
would then be capable of applying only to bodies corporate other than
companies, _ie_ , to foreign corporations. I cannot imagine any principled
argument in favour of such construction. That this could not have been the
legislature’s intent is demonstrated by the provision in s 48A(1)(_c_) for
service on “the secretary ... of the body corporate”. Typically, a foreign
company would not have a secretary in Singapore. Moreover, if truly the
legislative intent was that s 48A(1)(_c_) was to apply only to foreign
corporations, it could easily have been drafted to make this clear.

Whether the defendant has a _prima facie_ defence

14 Second, having established that the Default Judgment was regularly
obtained, I then considered whether Alphomega had established a _prima facie_
defence and ought to be allowed to defend Nanyang’s claim.

15 Of the various defences Alphomega pleaded, I was of the view that, _prima
facie_ , Alphomega had a defence of set-off based on money had and received by
Nanyang. On that basis, I allowed the appeal.

16 Order 18 r 17 of the Rules of Court provides for the defence of set-off.
Since a set-off is a defence, the claims must, as a general rule, be between
the same parties and made in the same capacity. In addition, not all claims
can be the subject of a set-off. The law only recognises three forms of set-
off, _viz_ , legal set-off, abatement and equitable set-off (_Hua Khian
Ceramics Tiles Supplies Pte Ltd v Torie Construction Pte Ltd_ [1991] 2 SLR 901
(“ _Hua Khian Ceramics Tiles Supplies_ ”) at 887.

17 In the present matter, Alphomega argued that in a separate suit (see _Tan
Choon Yong v Goh Jon Keat_ [2009] 3 SLR(R) 840, moneys had been found, as a
matter of fact, to have been inappropriately paid out of its funds to Nanyang
for services Nanyang rendered to Alphomega’s directors in their personal
capacities. As a result, it was submitted that it was entitled to repayment of
that sum of money by way of set-off against moneys owing to Nanyang. I was of
the view that, _prima facie_ , Alphomega did have an arguable claim for money
had and received against Nanyang and ought to be given an opportunity to
establish its claim. I stressed, however, that it was not for me to adjudicate
on the merits of that claim. It sufficed to say that if Alphomega’s claim was
made out, Nanyang would owe Alphomega a liquidated debt and that this debt
would satisfy the requirements of a set-off.

18 A claim for money had and received seeks to return both parties to their
respective positions which they would have been in had the disputed moneys not
been paid out. In this respect, the sum which Alphomega sought on a claim for
money had and received would be fixed at the amount Nanyang received. It was
hence a liquidated sum. It would appear that Alphomega’s claim against Nanyang
was unrelated to Nanyang’s claim in the present suit. However, that is no
barrier to a defence of legal set-off, since it is irrelevant that a
defendant’s claim against the plaintiff is unrelated to the plaintiff’s claim
against the defendant, so long as the defendant’s claim is for a liquidated
sum (_Axel Johnson Petroleum AB v MG Mineral Group AG_ [1992] 1 WLR 270 at
272, 274 and 276; _Aectra Refining and Manufacturing Inc v Exmar NV (The New
Vanguard and The Pacifica)_ [1994] 1 WLR 1634 (“ _Aectra Refining_ ”) at 1643
and 1647; _Hua Khian Ceramics Tiles Supplies_ ([16]  _supra_) at 887; and
_OCWS Logistics Pte Ltd v Soon Meng Construction Pte Ltd_ [1998] 3 SLR(R) 888
(“ _OCWS Logistics_ ”) at [6] and [8]).

19 In the alternative, Alphomega could arguably have a defence of equitable
set-off. In my view, there was _prima facie_ a triable issue as to whether
Alphomega’s claim (based once again on money had and received) is so closely
connected with Nanyang’s claim that it would be manifestly unjust to allow
Nanyang to enforce payment without taking into account Alphomega’s claim (_Hua
Khian Ceramics Tiles Supplies_ at 889; _OCWS Logistics_ at [9]; _Pacific Rim
Investments Pte Ltd v Lam Seng Tiong_ [1995] 2 SLR(R) 643 at [35]; _Abdul
Salam Asanaru Pillai v Nomanbhoy & Sons Pte Ltd_ [2007] 2 SLR(R) 856 at [28].
Once again, it was not for me to adjudicate on the merits of such defence. I
noted, however, that there were arguable or triable issues in that respect.

20 Other than Alphomega’s defence of set-off based on a claim for moneys
inappropriately paid out of Alphomega’s funds to Nanyang for services Nanyang
rendered to Alphomega’s directors in their personal capacities, I was not
convinced that Alphomega had a _prima facie_ defence based on its other
submissions. Alphomega alleged that it had a defence against Nanyang’s claim
as Nanyang did not have the authority or mandate to act on behalf of
Alphomega. It also alleged that Nanyang was not entitled to claim for work
done as it had not acted in Alphomega’s best interest. In essence, both
defences concerned non-entitlement to payment for work done. I rejected both
arguments for two reasons. First, Nanyang’s claim against Alphomega was for
money payable by Alphomega to Nanyang as a result of the taxation of various
invoices Nanyang had issued to Alphomega for work done. It was akin to an
enforcement action whereby the rights of one party against the other (such
rights arising from the former’s liability to the other at law) was given
effect to, rather than an action determining whether one party was liable to
another to begin with. By agreeing to taxation of solicitor and client costs
(the learned AR found at [4] and [41] of the Judgment that Alphomega had in
fact agreed to such taxation), Alphomega had acknowledged Nanyang to be its
solicitors in Suits 49, 855 and 856. If it disputed Nanyang’s authority or
mandate to act on its behalf, Alphomega ought to have raised such objection at
the taxation hearing. However, this was not done. Hence, it was not open to
Alphomega to argue before me that Nanyang was not entitled to claim for work
done in the first place. Arguments to this effect appeared to be an
afterthought on Alphomega’s part.

21 Second, pursuant to O 59 r 33 of the Rules of Court, the registrar’s
certificates, unless set aside on review, ought to be taken as conclusive both
as to Alphomega’s liability towards Nanyang as well as to the quantum of that
liability (_Shook Lin & Bok v Yeo Kian Teck_ [1991] 2 SLR(R) 944, quoted in
_Commercial Bank of Kuwait SAK v Nair (Chase Manhattan Bank NA, garnishee)_
[1993] 3 SLR(R) 281 at [26]).

22 As for Alphomega’s claims that it has a right to claim against Nanyang for
damages it allegedly suffered as a result of first, Nanyang’s wrongful
actions; and second, Nanyang’s negligence, both claims are in effect
counterclaims against Alphomega for damages rather than defences against
Nanyang’s claim. However, a counterclaim is not synonymous with a defence.
Since the Default Judgment may only be set aside if Alphomega had a _prima
facie_ defence against Nanyang, rather than a counterclaim, Alphomega’s
arguments in this respect are untenable.

Effect of defence of set-off

23 The effect of Alphomega having, _prima facie_ , a right of set-off is that
it is entitled to have the Default Judgment set aside. This is based on the
law’s approach to set-offs and counterclaims raised in opposition to summary
judgment applications. It has been said in _Mercurine_ ([6]  _supra_) at [60]
that “it is … rather illogical to hold that the test for setting aside a
regular default judgment should be any stricter than that for obtaining leave
to defend in an O 14 application. In both instances, there has been no hearing
on the merits”.

24 The court’s approach to set-offs and counterclaims raised in opposition to
summary judgment applications can be found in _United Overseas Limited v Peter
Robinson Limited_ (Civil Division, 26 March 1991, unreported) where Bingham LJ
identified four classes of cases which the court would encounter when deciding
whether summary judgment ought to be granted:

The first class of case is that in which the defendant can show an arguable
set-off, whether equitable or otherwise. To the extent of such set-off the
defendant is entitled to unconditional leave to defend. It is for the judge to
decide whether such an arguable set-off is shown or not. If he decides that it
is, he has no further discretion as to the order he makes. …

The second class of case is where the defendant sets up a bona fide
counterclaim arising out of the same subject-matter as the action and
connected with the grounds of defence. In this class of case … the order
should not be for judgment on the claim, subject to a stay of execution
pending the trial of the counterclaim, but should be for unconditional leave
to defend even if the defendant admits the whole or part of the claim. …

The third class of case … is where the defendant has no defence to the
plaintiff's claim so that the plaintiff should not be put to the trouble and
expense of proving it, but the defendant sets up a plausible counterclaim for
an amount not less than the plaintiff's claim. In such a case the order should
not be for leave to defend, but should be for judgment for the plaintiff on
the claim and costs until the trial of the counterclaim. That passage in the
White Book is based on, and is indeed an almost literal quotation from, the
judgment of Lord Esher in _Sheppards & Co v Wilkinson and Jarvis_ (1889) 6 TLR
13, where judgment was entered for the plaintiff on the claim, but with a stay
of execution pending trial of the counterclaim.

The fourth class of case is where the counterclaim arises out of quite a
separate and distinct transaction or is wholly foreign to the claim or there
is no connection between the claim and the counterclaim. The proper order
should then be for judgment for the plaintiff with costs without a stay
pending the trial of the counterclaim. ...

These were adopted by Lai Siu Chiu J in _Hawley & Hazel Chemical Co (S) Pte
Ltd v Szu Ming Trading Pte Ltd_ [2008] SGHC 13 at [33].

25 Based on Bingham LJ’s classification, since I found that Alphomega has an
arguable defence of set-off, its claim against Nanyang falls within the first
class of Bingham LJ’s classification (which represents the classic set-off
situation), entitling it to have the Default Judgment set aside.
Alternatively, it could be said that Alphomega has a _bona fide_ counterclaim
which acts as a set-off against Nanyang’s claim and which can be placed in the
second class (also resulting in the Default Judgment being set aside).

Conclusion

26 In the result, I allowed Alphomega’s appeal and ordered, albeit with some
reluctance, that the Default Judgment be set aside. This was because Alphomega
should have realised from the hearing before the AR that several of its
assertions were not borne out by the facts. It suffices to mention three such
instances. First, Alphomega claimed that it had no notice of the proceedings
in this action until 17 November 2009 when it was served the Orders and WSS by
the court bailiff. However, Alphomega’s filing of a Notice of Appointment of
Solicitor on 13 November 2009, giving notice that Sterling had been appointed
as solicitors for Alphomega, suggested that Alphomega would have had notice of
the proceedings in this suit by that day.

27 Second, Alphomega would have been aware of demands made by Nanyang for
payment in letters sent in June 2009 by Nanyang to Sterling demanding payment
and seeking confirmation that Sterling had instructions to accept service. In
response to those letters, Sterling wrote to Nanyang (with copy to Alphomega)
to state that it had “no instructions to act”.

28 Finally, Alphomega asserted that Nanyang’s chairman, Mr Ng, was its company
secretary until 21 September 2009 but never notified Alphomega of any action
being commenced by Nanyang. In addition, it was contended that as Alphomega’s
company secretary, he could have easily affixed Alphomega’s stamp to the Writ,
thereby misrepresenting that service had been properly effected. However, the
assertion relating to Mr Ng’s position as Alphomega’s company secretary until
21 September 2009 was not true, since Alphomega had sent a letter to Mr Ng
earlier in February 2009, informing him that he had been removed from the
company secretary position, and Mr Ng had in return sent Alphomega a letter of
resignation from the position.

29 Accordingly, while the justice of the case required that Alphomega be
allowed an opportunity to be heard on its defence and it was in that spirit
which I allowed its appeal (though I would also mention at this point that
that on which Alphomega succeeded was covered in but four short paragraphs,
out of 114 paragraphs, of Alphomega’s written submissions), I was disinclined
to allow Alphomega its costs in the appeal. Under O 59 r 7 of the Rules of
Court, the court may refuse to allow a party to recover its costs if it
appears to it “that any thing has been done, or that any omission has been
made, unreasonably or improperly by or on behalf of any party” in the action.
Accordingly, I ordered that the costs order below was to remain and made no
order as to costs in the appeal.

* * *

[note: 1]Suits 855 and 856 were eventually withdrawn during the course of the
trial before Tan J. Tan J’s decision in Suit 49 can be found at _Tan Choon
Yong v Goh Jon Keat_ [2009] 3 SLR(R) 840.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 30 Apr 2010 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

