Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Ng Swee Hua _v_ Auston International Group Ltd and another  
[2010] SGHC 362

Case Number| :| Suit No 129 of 2007 (Registrar's Appeal No 309 of 2010)  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 15 December 2010  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Tay Yong Kwang J  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Francis Xavier, SC and Alina Chia (Rajah & Tann LLP) for
the plaintiff; N Sreenivasan and Valerie Ang (Straits Law Practice LLC) for
the defendants.  
Parties| :|  Ng Swee Hua — Auston International Group Ltd and another  
  
15 December 2010|  
---|---  
  
Tay Yong Kwang J:

Introduction

1 This was the defendants’ appeal against the assessment of damages conducted
by an Assistant Registrar (“AR”). I dismissed the appeal and ordered the
defendants to pay the plaintiff costs of the appeal to be taxed or agreed. The
defendants have now appealed to the Court of Appeal. This is their second
appeal to the Court of Appeal in this action.

Background to the assessment of damages

2 The first defendant is a Singapore listed company. The second defendant is
its wholly owned subsidiary. The plaintiff was a director of both defendants
between 2 May 2006 and 4 January 2007 and also the managing director of the
second defendant between 3 January 2006 and 13 September 2006.

3 By an investment agreement dated 15 December 2005 made between the plaintiff
and the defendants, it was agreed that in consideration of the plaintiff’s
existing loan of $200,000 to the defendants, the plaintiff would subscribe for
Convertible Bonds of an aggregate principal of $200,000. The bonds were
convertible into shares of the first or the second defendants or a combination
of both. The plaintiff also had the option of subscribing to an additional
$400,000 worth of bonds within six months from completion of the said
investment agreement. The investment agreement was varied by a supplemental
investment agreement dated 14 June 2006 (dated wrongly as 14 June 2005).

4 On 3 November 2006, the plaintiff issued the conversion notice to the
defendants indicating his intention to convert the loan into 5 million
ordinary shares of the first defendant at the agreed price of 4 cents per
share. The first defendant did not act on the conversion notice but instructed
its then solicitors to draft a shareholders’ circular to seek its
shareholders’ approval to issue the conversion shares on the basis that such
approval was necessary as the plaintiff was then a director of the company.
The draft circular was never finalized. On 4 January 2007, the plaintiff
resigned from his directorship in both companies. On 1 March 2007, he
commenced this action claiming specific performance for the issuance of the
conversion shares or, alternatively, damages.

5 The trial judge held that the defendants were in breach of the investment
agreement and that damages ought to be assessed on the basis of the loss of
chance to convert the Convertible Bonds into shares. She also held that the
Convertible Bonds had been issued on or about 19 December 2005 and that the
conditions precedent in clause 3.4 (added by the supplemental investment
agreement) had no application to the Convertible Bonds.

6 The defendants appealed to the Court of Appeal. The Court of Appeal
dismissed their appeal (see _Auston International Group Ltd and anor v Ng Swee
Hua_ [2009] 4 SLR(R) 628). The Court of Appeal held at [37] that the
defendants were in breach of their obligation in failing to issue and credit
the conversion shares into the securities account designated by the plaintiff
pursuant to the investment agreement. The Court of Appeal also directed at
[44] that damages be assessed before the registrar.

7 The Court of Appeal said the following in relation to the issue of damages
(with the plaintiff referred to as the respondent and the defendants referred
to as the appellants):

**_Damages_**

38 The remaining issue we have to decide is how damages should be assessed.
Having found that the Convertible Bonds were issued, the Judge decided the
issue of liability against the appellants and also that damages be assessed on
the basis of the loss of chance to convert the Convertible Bonds into the
Conversion Shares. We do not agree with this basis for assessment. The
doctrine of “loss of chance” was recently revisited by this court _in JSI
Shipping (S) Pte Ltd v Teofoongwonglcloong (a firm_) [2007] 4 SLR 460 at
[147]-[156], wherein the principles laid down in _Allied Maples Group Ltd v
Simmons & Simmons_ [1995] 1 WLR 1602 (“ _Allied Maples_ ”) were re-endorsed.
In essence, where the loss of chance caused by the defendant’s default is
dependent upon the action of an independent third party, a plaintiff might not
be required to show on a balance of probabilities that the chance would have
come to fruition. Damages would be assessed so long as the chance is a real or
substantial one, as opposed to a speculative one. On the other hand, if no
third party is involved, a plaintiff must prove what he would have done if
there had been no breach on a balance of probabilities. The distinction is
evident from the following extract from _McGregor on Damages_ (Sweet &
Maxwell, 17th Ed, 2003) (“ _McGregor_ ”), at paras 8-034 – 8-037:

In his judgment [in _Allied Maples_] Stuart-Smith LJ distinguished between
three types of situation or categories. In his first category fall cases in
which the defendant’s negligence consists in some positive act of misfeasance
and the question of causation is one of historical fact; this is of course the
situation to which Lord Reid averted in _Davies v Taylor_ and proof on the
balance of probabilities prevail here. In the second category fall cases in
which the defendant’s negligence consists of an omission where causation
depends not upon a question of historical fact but upon the answer to the
hypothetical question what would the claimant have done if there had been no
negligence; how the claimant would have reacted is again subject to proof on
the balance of probabilities. In the third category fall cases in which the
claimant’s loss depends upon the hypothetical action of a third party, whether
in addition to action by the claimant or independently of it; here the
claimant need only show that he had a substantial chance of the third party
acting in such a way as to benefit him.

…

From the above it can be seen that what is required to bring loss of a chance
into play is the hypothetical action of a third party.

…

… there is undoubtedly today an unfortunate tendency to argue loss of a chance
in situations where it can have no conceivable application. The temptation is
of course great; if total success cannot be achieved, aiming for a percentage
success is attractive.

39 In the present case, the respondent’s loss as a result of his being
deprived of his conversion was due to a breach of contract by the appellants:
it had nothing to do with the hypothetical action of a third party. This is an
ordinary case of breach of contract for failing to deliver shares. The
respondent did not lose any chance to acquire the Conversion Shares and
thereafter sell them at a higher price at a later date because he could have
gone into the market upon breach to purchase the equivalent 5m Auston shares.
His loss, if any, would be the difference between the total cost of purchasing
5m Auston shares in the market and $200,000. The issue the court will have to
decide is the relevant date on which the respondent should have gone into the
market to buy 5m Auston shares.

40 Before us, counsel for the respondent contended that the earliest possible
date to issue the Conversion Shares was 4 January 2007 and damages should be
assessed on that date. This contention is based on the appellants’ position
that shareholders’ approval to issue the Conversion Shares was required, and 4
January 2007 would, reasonably, be the earliest date to obtain such approval.
On the other hand, counsel for the appellants argued that damages should be
for failure to issue the Convertible Bonds and for assessment purposes, the
court should take the price of Auston shares on 22 December 2005, that being
the contemplated date for completion under the Investment Agreement.

41 We do not accept both arguments. The respondent’s contention that 4 January
2007 was the relevant date for assessment is premised on the belief that
shareholders’ approval was required, while the appellants’ contention of 22
December 2005 was premised on the Convertible Bonds not having been issued.
Both are wrong.

42 The general principles applicable in determining damages on the seller’s
failure to deliver securities are set out in _McGregor_ where the point is
made (at para 24-003) that “[t]he normal measure of damages is the market
price of the shares at the contractual time for delivery less the contract
price.” This would represent the amount that the buyer must obtain to put
himself in the position he would have been in had the contract been performed,
since to do so he must purchase equivalent shares in the market (_ibid_). It
is also observed that the cases that have been adjudicated upon “indicate an
application of [such] common principles while at the same time bringing out
small differences” (_McGregor_ at para 24-005). Thus, the date of breach may
be postponed if the seller had sought more time to issue the shares and the
buyer was willing to grant such indulgence, and the market price on the
postponed date will therefore be the relevant one (_ibid_ , citing _Wilson v
London and Globe Finance Corp_ (1897) 14 TLR 15). Whether these principles
apply depend on the facts of the cases on which they were based. With
reference to the present case, it will be necessary for the assessor to take
into account the system of share trading on a scripless basis in the SGX. This
means that the Conversion Shares, upon their issue, have to be transferred and
registered in the name of the Central Depository (Pte) Limited (“CDP”) to be
held by the CDP for the account of the respondent before they can be traded in
the SGX. Therefore the appropriate date for determining the measure of damages
should be the date on which the Conversion Shares become listed on the SGX for
trading.

43 What this date is depends on the facts. In the present case, there appears
to be some evidence on record indicating that the appellants had asked the
respondent for time to sort out the problem of getting shareholders’ approval,
which the respondent appeared to have agreed to, although it led to nothing.
Nevertheless, the period of indulgence given by the respondent may have to be
factored into determining the relevant date for the respondent to go into the
market to purchase the shares (see _McGregor_ at para 24-005).

The AR’s findings at the assessment of damages

8 On 28 July 2010, the AR ruled as follows:

Based on the unchallenged evidence of the plaintiff, the plaintiff had granted
the defendants an indulgence on 17 November 2010 [_sic_ \- _it should have
been 2006]_ to “draft various documents and to convene an [EGM] to obtain
shareholders’ and SGX’s approval for the issuance of the Shares, after which
[he] would receive the Shares” (AEIC of Ng Swee Hua at para 31). The
plaintiff’s evidence, in other words, was that he had granted an indulgence to
the defendants to do all things necessary to effect the transfer of the Shares
to him – this including obtaining shareholders’ approval. This was the
indulgence requested by the defendants, according to the plaintiff, and this
was the indulgence he granted. Subsequent correspondences in the evidence do
not establish that any other indulgence – this requiring, according to the
defendants in their written submissions at para 14, a clear request for an
indulgence by a seller – was present, or indicate that the afore-mentioned
indulgence was in any way affected or altered. In this connection, it may be
observed that the plaintiff, in a letter dated 5 January 2007, demanded the
Shares to be issued by 15 January 2007; but the significance of this need not
be considered, in light of the conclusion that I will come to later.

That said, the indulgence by the plaintiff was to end when all things
necessary to effect the transfer of the Shares to him – this including
obtaining shareholders’ approval – was done; this, it follows, was the
relevant period by which the Shares should have been issued to the plaintiff
and/or listed on the SGX. In determining the period of the indulgence, the
time taken for “conven[ing] an EGM to obtain shareholders’ and SGX’s approval
for the issuance of the Shares” should be included. The defendants argue that
the CA had indicated at [41] of its judgment that the determination of the
relevant period must not take into account the time required for shareholders’
approval. In my view, this was not expressly stated by the CA. In any event,
the CA’s main observations on the lack of necessity for shareholders’ approval
was for the key purpose of clarifying a point that “may have significance for
investors generally” (see the CA’s judgment at [31]), and therefore, this
court is not precluded from finding that the period of the indulgence must
take the time for obtaining shareholders’ approval into account. Moreover, the
CA’s observations at [41] of its judgment was in regard to a bare contention
by the plaintiff – which was unsurprisingly dismissed having regard to the
fact that the CA had just held that shareholders’ approval was not necessary –
and not one rendered after a deliberation on the full evidence on the
indulgence granted by the plaintiff. The full evidence on the indulgence
granted, it seems, was not placed before the CA (but it has now been placed
before this court), and there is nothing on the face of the CA’s judgment that
indicates that the CA had the benefit of the unchallenged evidence of the
plaintiff, _viz_ , that he had granted an indulgence to “draft various
documents and to convene an [EGM] to obtain shareholders’ and SGX’s approval
for the issuance of the Shares, after which [he] would receive the Shares”.

There was no evidence led of the scenario(s) in which the defendants might not
or would not have convened the EGM, steps had been taken to effect the
transfer of the Shares. There was also no evidence led that the defendants
would, somehow, in the course of taking steps to transfer the Shares, have
come to the realisation that shareholders’ approval was not actually needed to
do so. As counsel for the defendants submitted, the defendants’ “position had
never changed, in that [it was] always of the view that shareholders’ approval
was required at the material time” (see the defendants’ written submissions at
para 27). On the evidence, if the defendants had taken steps to effect the
transfer of the Shares, they would, on a balance of probabilities, have gone
the whole hog – including obtaining shareholders’ approval, unnecessary though
it may have been – and therefore there is no reason why the time taken for
shareholders’ approval should not be taken into account.

From the evidence of Ong, the plaintiff’s expert, (at para 15 of his report
that was attached to his AEIC and reaffirmed in his testimony), the typical
timeline for the entire process (including obtaining shareholders’ approval)
to be completed will typically be “about 10 to 11 weeks”. I find no reason to
reject the evidence of Ong, save for certain aspects, such as item (ii) at
para 15, for which he conceded during cross-examination that it could be done
within a week if the lawyers are “effective and efficient” and that the law
firm used by the defendants – Stamford Law – “is one of the top firms in
Singapore in this area [of law]”. The evidence of the defendants’ witness,
Wong, was not helpful; it could be added that the examples he gave had
surrounding factors and circumstances that differed from that in the present
case. That said, taking into account Ong’s concession, the estimated timeline
would be eight to nine weeks (as compared to the 10 to 11 weeks that Ong had
proposed). In my view, however, eight weeks would be a fairer and more
appropriate figure to accept; in this regard, I would add that the maximum
number of days that would have elapsed for the entire process – based on the
times set out under the “Time Required” column at para 15 of Ong’s report – is
59 days or eight weeks and three days. Eight weeks from 17 November 2006 would
be 12 January 2007.

The actual quantum of damages due to the plaintiff, in my view, is to be
calculated based on the volume weighted average price of the first defendant’s
shares on 12 January 2007. This would be $1,482,500. There will be no
deduction of $200,000 from this figure, as agreed upon by the parties. In my
view, the plaintiff is also entitled to pre-judgment interest at the rate of
5.33% per annum from the date of the last amendment of the Statement of Claim
(_i.e_., 13 February 2008) and post-judgment interest at the rate of 5.33% per
annum.

As for contractual interest on the sum of $200,000, I would like parties to
elaborate on their submissions now.

“Ong” referred to by the AR was Ong Hwee Li, chief executive officer of SAC
Capital Private Limited, a boutique corporate finance firm specialising in
equity fundraising and providing corporate finance advice. “Wong” was Keith
Wong Kuan Kit, the executive director of the first defendant. No expert
witness was called by the defendants at the assessment.

9 Counsel for the plaintiff then informed the AR that the plaintiff was
claiming interest of $6,197.26 from 15 December 2005 to 31 December 2006,
stating that interest was payable annually on 31 December. This figure
apparently included interest up to 12 January 2007 – see [22] below. Reliance
was placed on clause 4 of Schedule 1 to the investment agreement (see also
[15] below). There appeared to have been some confusion before the AR as to
the correct version of the said clause 4 and the hearing was stood down for
the parties to try to sort this out. After a while, counsel for the defendants
stated that if the agreement was as presented by the plaintiff, he would not
have any views on the matter. He needed some time to look at what the
discrepancy was and asked for leave to write to the AR after the assessment.
Counsel for the plaintiff then suggested that they proceed on the basis of the
plaintiff’s figure with liberty to the defendant to ask for further arguments
if necessary. Counsel for the defendants agreed and stated that if the
agreement was as the plaintiff said, he had no issue with the amount claimed.
The AR awarded $6,197.26 to the plaintiff as contractual interest and gave
leave to the defendants to ask for further arguments if necessary. He also
granted the plaintiff the costs of the assessment to be agreed or taxed.

The defendants’ arguments on appeal

10 The defendants submitted that the AR was wrong in taking into consideration
the timeframe for obtaining shareholders’ approval and in his award of
interest. The defendants did not dispute the AR’s finding that the plaintiff
granted an indulgence up to 17 November 2006. They contended, however, that
the Court of Appeal had made it clear that the time required for obtaining
shareholders’ approval need not be taken into account in determining the
“relevant date” (see [41] and [43] of the Court of Appeal’s judgment set out
above). While the Court of Appeal acknowledged that there was a period of
indulgence given by the plaintiff, this had to be taken in the light of the
Court of Appeal’s earlier statement that it did not accept the plaintiff’s
position that 4 January 2007 was the relevant date. The defendants therefore
argued that the relevant time to be determined at the assessment of damages
would be the actual number of days required for the issuance of the shares
without the need for shareholders’ approval.

11 The defendants provided three actual examples of the timeframe within which
the first defendant had obtained SGX’s approval for the issuance of shares
while the plaintiff’s expert did not provide any. Further, the plaintiff knew
that shareholders’ approval was not required and he had independent friendly
legal advice on this in October 2006 before he issued the conversion notice.
The plaintiff’s letters after 17 November 2006 also showed that he held the
view that shareholders’ approval was not needed and this culminated in his
resignation as a director of the first defendant on the basis that
shareholders’ approval would not be required if he were no longer a director.
The plaintiff had clearly wanted the shares to be issued to him without the
need for such approval.

12 The plaintiff’s expert’s evidence regarding the period of 10 to 11 weeks
from the issuance of the conversion notice (which would have brought the
relevant date to sometime between 24 and 26 January 2007) could not be
sustained under cross-examination. The present situation was a simple one of
conversion of an existing bond and was far more straightforward than the usual
placement of new shares. The plaintiff had sought to confuse matters by
introducing the issue of the timing required to draft the circular, the notice
period for the EGM and the actual holding of the EGM.

13 The defendants submitted that since shareholders’ approval was not needed,
it would have been a straightforward application (additional listing
application) to SGX and the approval in principle would usually be granted
within 7 to 14 days unless the SGX had some queries or decided to impose
conditions. Subsequent to such approval, the listed company would issue the
share certificates and dispatch them to the shareholder and the CDP, after
which a return of allotment would be duly filed with the Accounting and
Corporate Regulatory Authority. The shares would be available for trading
within less than 48 hours (one day to issue, another day to ensure crediting
to the CDP). The relevant date (from 17 November 2006) would therefore have
been 24 November 2006 (if SGX approved in 7 days) or 1 December 2006 (if SGX
approved in 14 days). The transacted prices of the first defendant’s shares on
the following dates were:

4 December 2006 (Monday) |  $0.070  
---|---  
5 December 2006 (Tuesday) |  $0.060  
6 December 2006 (Wednesday) |  $0.060.  
  
  

The plaintiff’s 5 million shares would have cost him $350,000, $300,000 and
$300,000 respectively on the above stated dates.

14 The defendants argued that using the basis set out by the Court of Appeal,
the relevant date on which the plaintiff should have gone into the market to
buy the 5 million shares should have been the lowest possible price during the
period 24 November 2006 to 30 November 2006. The average of the lowest prices
during this period was $0.062. Accordingly, the plaintiff’s loss was $310,000.

15 On the issue of contractual interest, the defendants referred to clause 4
of Schedule 1 of the investment agreement. Clause 4.1 provided that the
Convertible Bonds shall bear interest from the respective dates on which they
are issued and registered at the rate of 3% per annum, payable bi-annually on
30 June and 31 December of each year. Clause 4.2 provided that the Convertible
Bonds shall cease to bear interest upon conversion to shares and that all
interest accrued on such Convertible Bonds from the last interest payment date
would be forfeited upon conversion. The Court of Appeal stated at [28] of its
judgment that the first tranche of $200,000 worth of Convertible Bonds was
issued on or around 19 December 2005. Pursuant to clause 4.2, the plaintiff
should be entitled to contractual interest up to the date of conversion (which
should be 1 December 2006). However, as all interest accrued from the last
interest payment date would be forfeited upon conversion, the total interest
payable from 19 December 2005 to 30 June 2006 (193 days) on the amount of
$200,000 would be $3,150.50 (and not the $6,197.26 awarded by the AR).

16 In respect of pre-judgment interest under section 12 of the Civil Law Act
(Cap 43), the defendants submitted that such interest was discretionary and
relied on _Nirumalan v Kanapathi Pillay v Teo Eng Chuan_ [2003] 3 SLR 601 at
[46] for the proposition that the basis of an award of interest is that the
defendant has kept the plaintiff out of his money and has had the use of the
money himself. They argued that the plaintiff’s case shifted constantly with
amendments to the Statement of Claim being made just before and during trial,
changing the entire claim from general damages for breach of contract and
specific performance to a claim for loss of opportunity. As found by the Court
of Appeal, the plaintiff did not lose any chance to acquire the conversion
shares and thereafter sell them at a higher price at a later date. The
defendants had therefore not kept the plaintiff out of his money or had use of
it. In any event, the rate of interest ought to be the contractual 3% per
annum (and not the 5.33% as claimed by the plaintiff and awarded by the AR).

17 The defendants accepted that interest would be payable under O 42 r 12
(interest on judgment debts) of the Rules of Court (Cap 322, R5 - 2006 Ed) but
contended that such interest should be based on the amount assessed at this
appeal and that the rate of interest ought to be 3% per annum as contractually
provided as the trial judge had held that the plaintiff was entitled to
interest at the contractual rate (see [10] of the Court of Appeal’s judgment).

18 Accordingly, the defendants submitted that damages should be assessed at
$310,000, that contractual interest of $3,150.50 should be awarded and that
the pre-judgment and post-judgment interest rates on the judgment amount of
$310,000 ought to be 3% per annum.

The plaintiff’s submissions on appeal

19 The plaintiff submitted that if the defendants had not asked for time to
obtain shareholders’ approval, he could have received the conversion shares
within three and a half to four weeks from the issuance of the conversion
notice. Because of the defendants’ request on 17 November 2006 for time, he
agreed to wait until after the convening of an EGM and after SGX’s approval
before taking delivery of the conversion shares. The AR accepted that the
period of indulgence granted by the plaintiff was some eight to nine weeks
because the plaintiff’s expert had conceded that it was possible to draft and
submit the necessary documents to SGX within a week instead of the projected
three weeks stated in his report. The AR’s finding was said to be generous to
the defendants as the first defendant’s share price was on a rising trend from
12 January 2007 ($0.2965) to 19 January 2007 ($0.3831).

20 The terms on which the indulgence was granted were not challenged by the
defendants. Time was given to the defendants to draft various documents, to
convene an EGM and to obtain SGX’s approval. The defendants had always
maintained the position that shareholders’ approval was required for the
issuance of the conversion shares. Although the Court of Appeal at [41] of its
judgment rejected the plaintiff’s proposal of 4 January 2007 as the relevant
date, this did not meant that the time required to obtain shareholders’
approval was not to be taken into consideration. The Court of Appeal made that
clear at [43] when it envisaged that the time granted to obtain shareholders’
approval might have to be factored in at the assessment of damages.

21 The plaintiff’s expert in his report stated that it would be impossible to
determine the exact timing when the plaintiff would purchase the 5 million
shares in the market. He therefore opined that the volume-weighted average
price on the relevant day could be considered a reasonable estimate for the
purchase price of the 5 million shares and prepared a table on the price for
the first defendant’s shares for the period 1 January 2007 to 28 February
2007. The plaintiff argued that the AR was correct in accepting that the
volume-weighted average of the share price (which was $0.2965 on 12 January
2007) represented a fair valuation of the conversion shares. Courts in other
jurisdictions have used this method to value shares (see for example, _Russell
et al v K2 Energy Corp_ [2002] ABQB 118 at [49], a decision of the Alberta
Court of Queen’s Bench, Judicial District of Calgary).

22 The plaintiff maintained that he was entitled to contractual interest of
$6,197.26 on the Convertible Bonds under the said clause 4 (see [9] and [15]
above). The amount was calculated on the basis that the relevant date was 12
January 2007 (3% x $200,000 x 377 over 365).

23 In respect of pre-judgment interest, the plaintiff argued that interest
would be awarded on damages from the date of accrual of loss unless the
plaintiff brought proceedings after unwarranted delay. He submitted that
interest should run from 12 January 2007 (and not from 13 February 2008 as
ordered by the AR), the date when the conversion shares ought to have been
listed on the SGX, which was the date the loss occurred. The present action
was commenced slightly more than a month after the loss. There was therefore
no delay on the plaintiff’s part. Although the Statement of Claim was amended
in February 2008, that did not delay the trial. It was the defendants’ breach
of contract in not delivering the conversion shares which kept the plaintiff
out of his money and caused his loss. The plaintiff’s claim for loss of chance
did not alter this fact.

24 Where post-judgment interest was concerned, the plaintiff pointed out that
Supreme Court Practice Direction No. 1 of 2007 (“PD 1 of 2007”) prescribed the
default rate of interest on judgments as 5.33% per annum with effect from 1
April 2007. The parties did not agree to fix the judgment interest at 3%. The
defendants appeared to have confused the contractual interest on the
Convertible Bonds with judgment interest.

The decision of the court

25 In my view, the AR was correct in his decision to include the projected
period for obtaining shareholders’ approval in the equation when assessing
damages. This was clearly contemplated by the Court of Appeal at [43] of its
judgment when it considered the issue of damages. While shareholders’ approval
was not necessary as a matter of law (see [41] of that judgment), the parties
did proceed in the belief that it was required, as a matter of fact (again at
[43]). The evidence led by the plaintiff was cogent and the timeframe proposed
was reasonable. The plaintiff’s expert was candid enough to acknowledge that
things could move faster with “effective and efficient” legal advisors and the
AR has fairly taken the shorter timeframe in his computation of the relevant
date. The defendants’ insistence that shareholders’ approval was not required
and therefore should not be factored in ignored the reality that the
defendants had asked for indulgence of time for such approval to be obtained
and the plaintiff had acceded to their request even if there was, as found by
the Court of Appeal, a misunderstanding by one or both of the parties as to
the legal requirements for the share issue.

26 On the issue of contractual interest, I assumed that no interest was paid
by the defendants on 30 June 2006 although interest was supposed to be paid
bi-annually on 30 June and 31 December each year (see [15] above). This was
because of what had transpired as spelt out at [9] above and in the light of
the defendants’ submissions at [15] that the total interest payable from 19
December 2005 to 30 June 2006 (193 days) on the amount of $200,000 would be
$3,150.50 (and not the $6,197.26 awarded by the AR). The defendants’ arguments
at [15] were premised on their contention that 1 December 2006 was the
relevant date. As indicated earlier, I agreed with the AR that it ought to be
12 January 2007\. The defendants were therefore not correct in saying that
interest after 30 June 2006 had been forfeited. As provided in the said clause
4.2, interest after 31 December 2006 would be forfeited. However, the
plaintiff appeared to have included in his claim for interest the 12 days
after 31 December 2006 (see [22] above). If this is so, then to this extent,
the computation of $6,197.26 was incorrect and ought to be reduced by $197.26
for the period from 1 to 12 January 2007. If, however, the 12 days were for
the period between 19 and 31 December 2005 (for which period the defendants
appeared to concede at [15] above that interest had not been paid on 31
December 2005), then no deduction should be made from the plaintiff’s
computation. In any event, the defendants’ figure of $3,150.50 for 193 days
does not appear to be correct arithmetically.

27 As for the arguments pertaining to pre-judgment and post-judgment interest,
I agreed with the plaintiff that the defendants’ reliance on the 3% rate
provided in the investment agreement was misplaced. That was the rate payable
on the Convertible Bonds. After the breach of contract by the defendants, the
plaintiff’s claim was not for interest on those bonds but interest on the
damages that should be awarded to him and which represented his loss
occasioned by the said breach. The pre-judgment rate of interest under section
12 of the Civil Law Act is discretionary and, as highlighted in paragraph 5 of
PD 1 of 2007, “the Court retains the overriding discretion to depart from the
default rate of interest in individual cases” under the said section 12. The
AR chose the default rate of interest as he was entitled to. In relation to
post-judgment interest, no valid reason was given to fault the AR in his
decision to apply the default rate of 5.33%.

Conclusion

28 For these reasons, the defendants’ appeal was dismissed with the defendants
to bear the costs of the appeal which are to be taxed or agreed between the
parties.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 15 Dec 2010 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

