Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Daniel Vijay s/o Katherasan and others _v_ Public Prosecutor  
[2010] SGCA 33

Case Number| :| Criminal Appeal No 1 of 2008  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 03 September 2010  
Tribunal/Court| :| Court of Appeal  
Coram| :|  Chan Sek Keong CJ; V K Rajah JA; Choo Han Teck J  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  James Bahadur Masih (James Masih & Co) and Amarick Singh
Gill (Amarick Gill & Co) for the first appellant; Subhas Anandan and Sunil
Sudheesan (KhattarWong) for the second appellant; Mohamed Muzammil bin Mohamed
(Muzammil & Co) and Allagarsamy s/o Palaniyappan (Allagarsamy & Co) for the
third appellant; S Jennifer Marie, David Khoo, Ng Yong Kiat Francis and Ong
Luan Tze (Attorney-General's Chambers) for the respondent.  
Parties| :|  Daniel Vijay s/o Katherasan and others — Public Prosecutor  
  
[LawNet Editorial Note: This was an appeal from the decision of the High Court
in [2008] SGHC 120.]

3 September 2010| Judgment reserved.  
---|---  
  
Chan Sek Keong CJ (delivering the judgment of the court):

Introduction

1 This is an appeal by the first appellant, Daniel Vijay s/o Katherasan
(“Daniel”), and the second appellant, Christopher Samson s/o Anpalagan
(“Christopher”), against the decision of the trial judge (“the Judge”)
convicting them of murder in Criminal Case No 16 of 2007 (see _Public
Prosecutor v Daniel Vijay s/o Katherasan and others_ [2008] SGHC 120 (“the
GD”)). The third appellant, Nakamuthu Balakrishnan (alias Bala) (“Bala”),
originally appealed as well against his conviction for murder, but
subsequently decided not to proceed with his appeal (see [46]–[47] below). For
convenience, we shall hereafter refer to the three appellants collectively as
“the Appellants”.

2 This appeal requires us to consider the scope of s 34 of the Penal Code (Cap
224, 1985 Rev Ed) (“the 1985 Penal Code”). Section 34 of the 1985 Penal Code
has its roots in s 34 of the Penal Code (Ordinance 4 of 1871) (“the 1871 Penal
Code”), which was enacted in 1872 when Singapore was part of the Straits
Settlements. Since 1872, s 34 of the 1871 Penal Code has remained unchanged in
all the subsequent editions of the Penal Code up to the current edition (_ie_
, the 2008 revised edition). For convenience, the generic term “the Penal
Code” will hereafter be used to denote the particular version of the Penal
Code that is relevant to the case or legal point being discussed, regardless
of whether that version is the 1985 revised edition or some other edition, and
s 34 of the Penal Code (_ie_ , “the Penal Code” as just defined) will be
denoted by the generic term “s 34”.

3 It might be thought that since s 34 was enacted some 138 years ago, its
meaning would already have been settled through judicial interpretation. But,
this does not appear to be the case. In 1999, this court (which will also be
referred to interchangeably as “the CA”) said in _Shaiful Edham bin Adam and
another v Public Prosecutor_ [1999] 1 SLR(R) 442 (“ _Shaiful Edham_ ”) at [52]
that there were “two divergent lines of authority” on the scope of s 34, one
of which was wrong. However, this statement did not have the effect of
settling the law on s 34 as, in _Lee Chez Kee v Public Prosecutor_ [2008] 3
SLR(R) 447 (“ _Lee Chez Kee (CA)_ ”), this court restricted the operation of
the legal principle encapsulated in the accepted line of authority (see [42]
below).

4 Despite the decision in _Lee Chez Kee (CA)_ , s 34 remains a troubling
provision. In the present case, for instance, the Judge applied s 34 to
convict Daniel and Christopher on a joint charge of murder arising from Bala’s
criminal act of assaulting the deceased victim, Wan Cheon Kem (“Wan”), even
though:

(a) the Appellants had not planned (_ie_ , they had no common intention) to
kill Wan or cause his death, but had only the common intention to rob him of
the cargo of mobile phones which he was transporting (“the Cargo”) (see the GD
at [40] and [51]–[52]); and

(b) it was Bala alone who caused the death of Wan by intentionally inflicting
a series of blows on the latter’s head with a baseball bat (“the baseball
bat”), resulting in Wan sustaining injuries which were sufficient in the
ordinary course of nature to cause death and which did indeed cause his death
a few days after the assault.

In the light of these findings, the Judge held that he was compelled by law to
convict both Daniel and Christopher of murder as secondary offenders pursuant
to s 34 for the offence of murder arising from the criminal act committed by
Bala, the actual doer of that criminal act.

5 The Judge’s decision highlights the apparent harsh effect of the application
of s 34 in these circumstances. The outcome is particularly unjust when the
offence charged is that of murder. This expansive interpretation of s 34 stems
from certain statements on the scope of s 34 made by Wee Chong Jin CJ in the
judgment of the Court of Criminal Appeal (“the CCA”) in _Wong Mimi and another
v Public Prosecutor_ [1971–1973] SLR(R) 412 (“ _Mimi Wong (CCA)_ ”). It has
led to uncertainty in the way our courts have been applying s 34 in cases
where the offenders (_ie_ , the actual doer and the secondary offender(s))
have a common intention to commit a particular offence (or a criminal act
resulting in a particular offence) and, in the course of committing that
offence or that criminal act, another (more serious) offence (or another
criminal act resulting in a more serious offence) is committed (such cases are
commonly referred to as “twin crime” cases (see further [41] below)). In the
circumstances, we find it necessary to revisit _Mimi Wong (CCA)_ and the
relevant case law on s 34 in order to clarify this difficult area of the law.
We shall do this after we have considered the factual and legal issues raised
in this appeal.

Factual background

Participants

6 Daniel was, at the material time, a male aged 23 who was a full-time
national serviceman (“NSF”) with the Singapore Armed Forces (“the SAF”). He
was, at the material time, absent without official leave (“AWOL”) from the
SAF, and had been detained in the SAF Detention Barracks for being AWOL on
four previous occasions. He had also been a secret society member in the
past.[note: 1] Christopher was, at the material time, a male aged 23 who was
also a NSF with the SAF. He too was AWOL at the time of the offence.
Previously, he had been detained in the SAF Detention Barracks for being AWOL
on three occasions. Bala was, at the material time, a male aged 48 who had
previously worked as an odd-job labourer.[note: 2] He had spent time in prison
for being AWOL from the SAF and for various drug offences.[note: 3] Bala
played a key role in the execution and planning of the robbery. There was some
evidence that Bala had a dominant influence over Daniel and Christopher, and
was a father figure to them.[note: 4] (This relationship could explain why
Daniel and Christopher initially attempted to shield Bala from prosecution
(after the Appellants were arrested) by falsely claiming that Daniel had
beaten up Wan during the robbery and that Bala had not had anything to do with
the assault (see [19] below).)

7 Apart from the Appellants, there were two other persons who were involved in
the initial planning of the robbery, _viz_ , one Ragu a/l Ramajayam (“Ragu”)
and one Arsan s/o Krishnasamy Govindarajoo (alias Babu) (“Babu”). Babu, in
fact, played a major role in the planning of the robbery. Ragu was a driver
employed by Sterling Agencies Pte Ltd (“Sterling”), a freight-forwarding
company. His role was to provide information to Babu on when Sterling would be
transporting expensive cargo from Changi Airfreight Centre (“CAC”) to
consignees. Babu was a second-hand goods dealer. He was introduced to Ragu by
one Shanker, a mutual acquaintance who was not involved in the robbery. Wan,
the deceased victim, was, at the material time, working as a driver for
Sterling and was a colleague of Ragu. Babu admitted that he was the originator
of the idea that during the robbery, the driver of the targeted lorry should
be beaten up until he became unconscious so that he would not know what was
happening and would not be able to recognise the perpetrators (see sub-para
(c) of [16] below). Both Ragu and Babu were, however, charged with lesser
offences (see, respectively, [14] and [15] below).

Undisputed facts

8 Sometime in May 2006, Ragu and Babu hatched a plan to carry out a robbery of
expensive cargo to be transported by Sterling from CAC for delivery to
consignees. Babu recruited Bala to carry out the robbery. Bala then recruited
Daniel and Christopher to assist him in carrying out the robbery. Sometime
before the day of the robbery, Daniel took the baseball bat from a workshop at
Changi where he had his car serviced. Several days before the robbery, Babu
and Bala went to survey CAC. They were driven there by Christopher. On the
evening of 29 May 2006, Babu and the Appellants met at a coffee shop at Block
125 Lorong 1 Toa Payoh to have some drinks. In the course of the evening, the
robbery plan was discussed.

9 On 30 May 2006, at about 5.30am, Ragu contacted Babu and informed him that
Sterling would be delivering the Cargo, which consisted of ten pallets of
mobile phones (later found to contain 2,700 Sony Ericsson W700i mobile phones
valued at about US$823,500), that morning from CAC to a consignee by lorry.
Babu relayed the information to Bala, who was with Daniel and Christopher at
that time. The Appellants then proceeded to the vicinity of CAC in a rented
ten-foot lorry bearing the registration number GM9520E (“Lorry 9520”), taking
with them the baseball bat. They subsequently met up with Babu, who told them
that the lorry carrying the Cargo bore the registration number YM815B (“Lorry
815”).

10 At about 7.00am, the Appellants saw Lorry 815 being driven out of CAC (by
Wan). Bala directed Daniel to follow Lorry 815 in Lorry 9520, while Babu, who
was also at the scene, drove off separately in another lorry. Somewhere along
Changi Coast Road, Daniel drove in front of Lorry 815, causing Wan to stop it
by the side of the road. After Wan alighted from Lorry 815, he was assaulted
by Bala repeatedly on the head and other parts of the body with the baseball
bat, although he was not rendered unconscious. He was then carried into the
cabin of Lorry 815 and put on the floorboard in front of the passenger seat.

11 Daniel, together with Christopher, then drove Lorry 815 to Pasir Ris Car
Park A at Jalan Loyang Besar in the vicinity of Costa Sands Resort (“Car Park
A”). Bala followed in Lorry 9520. After arriving at Car Park A, Daniel and
Bala transferred two pallets of the Cargo (comprising 540 mobile phones) from
Lorry 815 to Lorry 9520. Bala then instructed Christopher to drive Lorry 9520
with the two pallets on board to Daniel’s rented apartment in Ang Mo Kio (“the
Ang Mo Kio Apartment”). Shortly after, Babu arrived at Car Park A to join
Daniel and Bala, who transferred the remaining eight pallets of the Cargo
(comprising 2,160 mobile phones) from Lorry 815 to Babu’s lorry. Babu then
left Car Park A with Daniel and Bala, while Lorry 815 (with Wan in it) was
left at the car park. Later, Daniel and Bala met up with Christopher, and they
transferred the two pallets of the Cargo from Lorry 9520 to the Ang Mo Kio
Apartment.

12 At about 8.52am that same day, a member of the public reported to Pasir Ris
Neighbourhood Police Centre that he had found a man covered in blood in a
lorry. The police went to investigate and found Wan sitting in the front
passenger seat of Lorry 815. Wan managed to alight from the lorry on his own
when the police opened the door of the passenger compartment. He was sent to
Changi General Hospital, where he underwent emergency surgery on his head. He
died without regaining consciousness on 5 June 2006, about five days after the
robbery. The autopsy performed by Dr Teo Eng Swee (“Dr Teo”), a consultant
forensic pathologist with the Centre for Forensic Medicine, Health Sciences
Authority, disclosed that at least 15 blows had been inflicted on Wan on the
head and other parts of his body.

13 Police investigations subsequently led to the arrest of Bala at about
6.50pm on 31 May 2006. Ragu and Babu were arrested separately on 1 June 2006.
Daniel and Christopher surrendered themselves to the police separately on the
morning of 5 June 2006.

Prosecution of Ragu

14 On 24 April 2007, Ragu was charged with one count of abetment (by
conspiracy) of robbery, punishable under s 109 read with s 392 of the Penal
Code.[note: 5] He pleaded guilty and was sentenced by the District Court to
six years’ imprisonment and 12 strokes of the cane. The sentence was reduced
to four years and six months’ imprisonment and six strokes of the cane on
appeal to the High Court.[note: 6]

Prosecution of Babu

15 After his arrest, Babu was charged with:[note: 7]

(a) one count of abetment (by conspiracy) of armed robbery with hurt,
punishable under s 109 read with ss 394 and 397 of the Penal Code;

(b) two counts of voluntarily assisting in the concealing and/or disposing of
stolen property in furtherance of a common intention, punishable under s 414
of the Penal Code read with s 34; and

(c) one count of abetment (by conspiracy) of voluntarily assisting in the
concealing of stolen property, punishable under s 109 read with s 414 of the
Penal Code.

He pleaded guilty to all the charges and was sentenced by the High Court to a
total of 16 years and six months’ imprisonment and 24 strokes of the
cane.[note: 8] He did not appeal against the sentence.

16 In the proceedings against Babu, the Prosecution tendered a consolidated
statement of facts[note: 9] (“the CSOF”), which Babu unreservedly admitted to.
The CSOF contained a number of statements by Babu on his role as well as the
respective roles of each of the Appellants in the robbery and the killing of
Wan. Amongst other things, the CSOF stated that:

(a) “[Babu’s] role was to execute the robbery”.[note: 10] Babu subsequently
recruited Bala to commit the robbery, and Bala in turn recruited Daniel and
Christopher to assist him.[note: 11]

(b) The Appellants “procured a baseball bat [_ie_ , the baseball bat as
defined at sub-para (b) of [4] above] from a car workshop at Changi Road,
where [Daniel] had sent his motor car for repairs, for use during the
robbery”.[note: 12]

(c) Babu told the Appellants that “during the robbery, they should beat up
[Wan] until he became unconscious”.[note: 13] This would ensure that Wan
“[would] not know what was happening and … would be unable to identify any of
them subsequently”.[note: 14]

17 The admissions by Babu in the CSOF incriminated Daniel and Christopher as
to their knowledge that in the course of the robbery, Wan would be beaten up
until he became unconscious. Babu, who was called as a prosecution witness,
refuted the truth of the CSOF when cross-examined and claimed that he had
admitted to the CSOF in order to escape the gallows.[note: 15] (Babu was not
questioned by the Prosecution during re-examination on his claim that he had
admitted to false facts in the CSOF.) In the GD, the Judge ruled that little
or no weight should be given to the CSOF against the Appellants (see the GD at
[31]).

Prosecution of the Appellants

The charge against the Appellants

18 After their arrest and/or surrender, the Appellants were jointly charged as
follows:[note: 16]

That you …

…

on 30 May 2006, between 7.09 a.m[.] and 8.52 a.m., along Changi Coast Road,
between lamp posts number 113 and [number] 115, Singapore, in furtherance of
the common intention of you all, did commit murder by causing the death of
[Wan], and you have thereby committed an offence punishable under section 302
read with section 34 of the Penal Code …

The Appellants’ statements to the police

19 Each of the Appellants gave a number of statements to the police. In his
statements, Bala tried to exculpate himself from the killing of Wan and to pin
the blame on Daniel and Christopher instead, alleging that they had beaten Wan
up with the baseball bat. In this regard, Daniel and Christopher had, in their
first statements to the police, stated that Daniel had beaten Wan up and that
Bala had played no part in the assault. In subsequent statements that were
recorded after they had been charged with the murder of Wan, and likewise at
the trial, both Daniel and Christopher repudiated what they had said in their
first statements. In one of his subsequent statements, Daniel explained that
he initially thought that he would face a charge of robbery and was thus
willing to make his initial admissions in order to shield Bala, who was more
than 20 years his senior, so that Bala would not be sent to prison.[note: 17]
However, when informed that he faced a charge for the offence of murder,
Daniel changed his story and decided to disclose his actual limited role in
the robbery.[note: 18] It was clear, on the evidence, that both Daniel and
Christopher were initially not aware that they could have committed the
offence of murder.

20 At the trial, the Prosecution sought to adduce all of the Appellants’
statements. The Appellants challenged the admissibility of some of the
statements on the ground that they were involuntary statements. The Judge
held, after a trial-within-a-trial, that all the statements had been
voluntarily made and admitted them in evidence. Subsequently, after entering
their respective defences, each of the Appellants retracted the incriminating
portions of his respective statements.

21 The material portions of the Appellants’ statements, as reproduced by the
Judge at [23]–[25] of the GD, are as follows:

**_Statements made by [Daniel]_**

23 … The material portions of [Daniel’s] written statements are reproduced
below:

**_Contemporaneous Statement – 6 June 2006_**

About one week before the robbery, I came home [at] about 5 – 6 am after
clubbing. At home, I saw Bala and Christopher watching TV in the hall. I asked
them why they were not sleeping. Bala told me he was waiting for Babu to call.
Bala also told me that Babu gave a “lobang” to take the truck from Cargo
Complex [_ie_ , CAC]. The truck got handphones. Bala asked me to drive the 24
footer containing the handphones and I agreed. I then lie down on the sofa
waiting for Babu’s call. At about 6am plus, Babu called the house. Bala
answered the phone and Babu said the truck carried laptop so we ‘don’t do that
day’.

After that, we have all been awake around the same timing, waiting at home for
Babu’s call.

About 2 days after I get to know about the ‘lobang’, on one afternoon, Bala,
Christopher and I were at a workshop in Changi to repair a rented lorry from
my uncle Chinnasamy Raman [_ie_ , Lorry 9520]. At the workshop, Bala took a
wooden stick [_ie_ , the baseball bat] and passed it to me. The wooden stick
was about the length of my leg. Bala told me to keep the stick in the lorry. I
then put the stick under the floor mat of the [p]assenger seat. After the
lorry was being repaired, the 3 of us went back home. On the way back to Toa
Payoh from the workshop, I asked Bala what the wooden stick was for, Bala said
it can be used for the ‘lobang’. I understood that the wooden stick will be
use to hit the driver of the 24 footer truck.

When I first knew about the ‘lobang’, I already knew we were going to hit the
driver of the 24 footer truck. Bala was the one telling me and Christopher
about the plan. This was on the same day I saw them in the living room after I
came back from clubbing.

**_Investigation Statement – 9 June 2006_**

8 On 30 May 2006 at about 5.00am to 5.30am, I came back home. I knocked on the
door and Bala opened the door. When I entered the flat, Christopher was
sleeping in the hall. I sat down in the hall and Bala told me to get ready to
leave. Bala woke Christopher up and told him to get ready. On that day, I was
wearing a pair of jeans. I just change my shirt. At about 5.45am, we left the
flat and got into the same lorry that we used to go to the workshop. Bala and
I sat behind the lorry. Christopher drove the lorry. Before we moved off, Bala
told Christopher to proceed to Cargo Complex. When we were along the PIE near
to Upper Serangoon Exit, I felt like vomiting because I was drinking too much
earlier. I slapped the driver side door several times and told Christopher to
stop the lorry. Christopher stopped the lorry at the side of the PIE. I got
down and sat in the front passenger seat with him. Bala sat behind.

9 We arrived at Cargo Complex at about 6.15am to 6.20am. Bala from behind told
Christopher to park the lorry at the parking lot near to the place where the
people change their pass to go into Cargo Complex. I think there were no cars
in the parking lots. I saw lorry drivers coming out from Cargo Complex, the
drivers would stop near to the pass office to change their passes before
leaving the complex.

10 After we parked the lorry, I got down from the lorry and walked over to the
driver side. I told Christopher that I will drive and told him to move over.
He move over to the passenger seat. I got into the driver seat. Shortly after
that, Bala came down from the lorry and sat at the front passenger seat.

11 About 10 minutes later at about 6.30am, Babu came in his lorry. I do not
know the number. It was a grey colour aluminium cover behind lorry and the
front was white colour. He parked his lorry beside near to the passenger side.
He wind down the window and told us that the truck number is “815” and said
that the company name was “Sterling”. At this point, a lorry passed by and the
driver pressed the horn and waved at Babu. Babu also waved his hand at the
driver. Babu told us that the truck will be like this.

13 A few minutes later, the truck he mentioned came out of cargo complex. Babu
said “this is the truck”. I saw the company name “Sterling” on the front of
the lorry. The lorry number was 815. I cannot remember the letters on the
licence plate. The lorry 815 came out and stopped at the traffic light.
Immediately, I drove the lorry following the lorry 815. I saw the lorry turn
right into the main road outside Cargo Complex travelling [in] the opposite
direction of Changi Village. I do not know where the road will lead to. I just
followed the lorry. I remembered along the way, Bala was talking to someone
over the handphone. I think he was talking to Babu. I heard Bala said we all
were following the lorry already.

15 The lorry driver was travelling slowly [at] about 50 to 60km per hour. I
followed him very closely, about one lorry length behind the said lorry 815.
We followed for quite a distance from Cargo Complex. We followed the lorry for
about 5 to 10 minutes when Bala told me to overtake the lorry and parked
infront [_sic_] of him. Immediately I swerve the lorry to the right and
overtake the lorry. After I passed the lorry, I cut into his path and stepped
on the brakes. The lorry I drove stopped. The other lorry 815 also stopped. We
stopped at the left side of the road. There were two lanes on the said road.

16 Bala immediately opened the passenger door and got down from the lorry.
Bala stood on the grass verge near to the road kerb. Christopher also got down
and went around the front of our lorry and stood behind near to the rear right
side of the lorry. I still sat in the driver seat looking at the side view
mirror to see whether there were any vehicles coming our way. From the right
side mirror, I could see the driver of lorry 815 came down and walked towards
Christopher. The driver was Chinese. I saw Christopher was pretending to check
our vehicle and the lorry for damages. I saw the driver bending down and
Christopher was also bending down. They were saying something which I do not
know and pointing at certain part of the vehicles. I then heard Bala calling
the driver to come over to him to change particulars. I think at this point,
by looking at the left mirror, I saw Bala standing on the left side of our
lorry somewhere in the middle. I saw him holding the same wooden stick which
we got from the workshop in his left hand. He was trying to hide the wooden
stick behind his left leg.

17 Through the mirror, I saw that when the driver walked to Bala, Bala
suddenly pulled the front part of the driver’s shirt and pulled him. When Bala
did this, the driver fell to the ground on the grass verge. I saw that when
the driver fell, he was facing the ground and used his hand to stop the fall.
The driver then turned around to get up. While he was sitting on the ground
about to get up, I saw Bala swing the wooden stick towards the driver. I could
not remember whether Bala swing the wooden stick from the left or right side
but he was holding the wooden stick with both his hands when he swing it at
the driver. The wooden stick hit the driver on the face. I do not know how
many times Bala hit the driver as I concentrated myself to look around to see
whether any car are passing by[.] About one or two minutes later, Bala shouted
at me to come down from the lorry. I came out of the lorry and walked over to
where Bala was with the driver. I saw that the driver was lying down on the
ground facing the sky. His legs were nearer to his lorry. I saw a lot of blood
on his face. The driver was mumbling something and moving his body from
slightly side to side. Bala told me and Christopher to carry the driver and
put him inside the cabin of the 24 footer. I carried his left leg using my
left hand because my right hand was injured. I cannot remember clearly but
Bala and Christopher were on either side of the driver. One of them was
carrying the driver by his hand and right leg while the other was carrying him
up by holding the driver’s left hand and back. We carried him up and put him
on the floor of the passenger seat of the 24 footer. I do not remember who had
opened the door first before we carried the driver. We then pushed him onto
the floor of the passenger seat head first and his knees were bent. I do not
remember who closed the passenger door. Christopher and I then went around to
the driver seat of the 24 footer. Christopher entered the lorry first and sat
on the centre part of the front cabin. I also got into the lorry and sat on
the driver seat. As I wanted to drive the lorry, I saw that the same wooden
stick was on the floor of the 24 footer near to my leg. I drove off the lorry.
Before I drove off, I saw Bala got into the driver side of our lorry. I had to
put the right signal and overtake the white lorry on the right and moved off.
As I was driving, the wooden stick was rolling on the floor[.] I picked it up
and put it standing beside me on my left. As I was driving, the driver wanted
to get up. I hit him lightly with my left hand on the head about 4 to 5 times,
on and off as he wanted to get up. After I hit him the last time[,] [h]e did
not try to get up anymore but he was moaning all the way. I drove the 24
footer to Pasir Ris Park near to Costa Sands. I went there because I knew
about this place as I had been there several times before at the Chalet
nearby.

[Note: There are no paragraphs 12 and 14]

**_Further Investigation Statement – 10 June 2006_**

18 I wish to say now that in the past Bala and I had asked “Babu” for
financial help. We were short of cash and needed money urgently. When we spoke
to him, he also told us that he was in a very bad position and needed money.
“Babu” then told us that he would try to find something for us to do so that
all of us can settle our money problem. I wish to clarify that I usually asked
Bala to lend me money whenever I had money problems. Bala would then call Babu
for help and this was usually the reply we get from Babu. I had also received
some money from Bala.

19 About one to two weeks before 23rd or 24th May 2006, Bala told me about
this “lobang”. Bala told me that we can beat up the driver of the lorry
carrying handphones from Cargo Complex and then robbed the goods. We did not
talk about this anymore.

20 A few days after 23rd or 24th May 2006, at about 9.00pm, Bala, Christopher
and I went to the coffeeshop at Blk 125 Lorong 1 Toa Payoh to have some
drinks. My friend Povaneswaran was also sitting with us. While we were there,
Bala called Babu and asked him to come and meet us at Blk 125 Toa Payoh
Coffeeshop to talk about what we are going to do.

21 About 30 minutes later, Babu came to the same coffeeshop and sat with us.
We continued drinking beers at the coffeeshop. Shortly after that,
Povaneswaran left.

22 Babu then told us how we would carry out the robbery. He told us that we
will have to follow the truck from Cargo Complex and stop the driver in
between somewhere. We must beat up the driver until he cannot wake [u]p and do
not know what is happening. After that we will take his truck. He wanted to
know from us, who among us can drive and who were going to do what in the
picture. After that Babu said that he will leave it to us on what we need to
do in the robbery. Bala replied to Babu to leave it to him on what to do. Bala
said that he will tell me and Christopher what to do. Babu told us that the
truck is a 24 footer canopy truck carrying handphones. He said that the truck
will carry full truckload of handphones and we can sell them for a lot of
money. He did not say the amount. Bala then pointed his finger [at] me and
told Babu that I will be the one driving the 24 footer lorry. Bala said that
he will be the one to whack the driver.

23 Later, Bala said that after the driver cannot wake up, all of us will carry
the driver into the 24 footer lorry. Bala said that he wants me to drive the
24 footer lorry and will get Christopher to assist me in the 24 footer in case
the driver woke up. Babu then suggested a place to drive the 24 footer to. It
was somewhere in Changi. Bala then tried to explain the location to me. I told
them that I do not know the place they were talking about. I said I will think
about a place to drive the 24 footer to and will tell them later.

24 After that, we continued drinking.

25 At about 11.00pm plus, Christopher and I left the coffeeshop leaving Bala
and Babu to continue drinking. Christopher dropped me off at my flat at Blk
179 Toa Payoh and left. I think he went back to join Bala and Babu. I got
changed and went to Boat Quay.

**_Further Investigation Statement – 17 June 2006_**

71 With regards to paragraph 19, I wish to clarify that this was the first
time that I got to know from Bala about the “lobang” or plan to rob the lorry
drivers carrying handphones. In the beginning, Bala told me about a plan to
just steal the truck carrying handphones when the driver stopped their truck
and alight from his lorry to walk to the Pass office to change his pass before
going out of Cargo complex. However, this plan was changed just before the
incident when Bala, Babu, Christopher and I met at the coffeeshop at Blk 125
Toa Payoh. It was during this meeting that Babu changed the plan and wanted us
to beat up the driver of the lorry until he cannot wake up and do not know
what was happening. He said that he wanted us to do this because he does not
want the driver to recognize us.

**_Statements made by [Christopher]_**

24 The material portions of [Christopher’s] written statements are:

**_122(6) Cautioned Statement – 5 June 2006_**

My role was a driver and I went there to drive the rented lorry. However, I
knew that the others would be committing robbery at the place but I have no
knowledge that they would beat the person up so badly. I was not with the
others who beats the person. I did not even talk to the driver. After
everything was over, I drove the lorry with only two pallets of goods to Ang
Mo Kio as directed by Bala.

**_Contemporaneous Statement – 5 June 2006_**

1 On Monday night, Daniel, Bala and I went to drink beer at a Toa Payoh
coffeeshop. About an hour or two [later], Babu came to join us. At that time
he told us that on Tuesday morning, there is a lorry from Cargo Complex
bringing handphones. Bala asked Babu for the exact timing. Babu told us to
meet at 6.30am and he would tell us the vehicle number. Daniel asked Babu what
should we do. He told us that we have no choice but to hammer the driver to
make him not know what [was] happening. Babu said he would give us cash once
the handphones are loaded on his lorry. We drank till 2.00am plus and left the
coffeeshop.

**_Investigation Statement – 12 June 2006_**

4 On Monday, 29 May 2006 at about 5.00pm plus, I went to Daniel mother’s house
at Blk 179 Toa Payoh Central. Daniel and Bala were there. At about 8.00pm,
Bala suggested that we go to the coffeeshop at Blk 125 Toa Payoh to have some
drinks. We drove to the said coffeeshop. Along the way, Bala told me and
Daniel that Babu is coming to the same coffeeshop to meet us. We arrived there
not long after 8.30pm. We started drinking.

5 Sometime around 9.00pm to 10.00pm, Babu came. While we were having drinks,
Babu told Bala that handphones are being taken out from Cargo Complex. Bala
then asked Babu how Babu wanted it to be done. At this point I do not
understand what they were talking about. I think they must have discussed this
earlier. Babu instructed Bala saying “ _Tomorrow morning, handphones is being
delivered from the lorry from Cargo Complex. We should somehow take the
phones. If we take it, there is good money_ ”. Bala replied “ _how is it to be
done_ ”. Babu replied “ _Come at 6.30 in the morning at Cargo Complex. I will
come there, I will show the lorry to you. Once the lorry leaves the place,
tail him from behind, see a good spot and to knock his lorry on the side. He
will then stop the lorry. He will then alight from the lorry and inspect the
damage. When he is inspecting the damage, beat him up until he becomes
unconscious_ ”. Bala then asked Babu, “ _Why the driver has to be beaten up
until he was unconscious. Why can’t we just blindfold, gagged and tie him up_
”. Babu replied “ _This is risky. He should not know what is happening to him.
There will be a lot of vehicles passing by. Once he becomes unconscious, put
him back into the lorry and drive him to the spot where I will mention in the
morning_.”

6 Bala then asked Babu that if we were to carry out what he said how much
money we are going to get. Babu replied that he does not know what kind of
handphones is being delivered. He said that if Bala were to take the
handphones and passed them to Babu, Babu would give him a certain amount of
money the following day. Babu said that at the spot which he will mention
later, the pallets have to be transferred into his (Babu’s) lorry and after
that, we can leave. After that, all of us continued drinking. We were at the
coffeeshop until about 1.00am. Before we left the place, Bala told Babu to
meet at Cargo Complex at 6.30am that same morning. Daniel, Bala and I then
went back to Blk 179 Toa Payoh and slept there for the night. Babu went home.

7 While we were in the flat, I told Bala that I was not comfortable about
joining them to commit the robbery. Bala told me that I do not have to do
anything. He told me that I would just have to drive the rented lorry from
Changi to Blk 645 Ang Mo Kio and wait for him there. He did not tell me
anything more. After that, Bala told Daniel saying “ _What you are going to do
is, you will drive the lorry from Cargo Complex and tail the lorry. I will
tell you at a certain spot to knock the lorry. You will then knock the lorry.
When he (the driver) is inspecting the damage, I will hit him. He (the driver)
will fall down immediately, carry the driver and put him in the lorry. After
that, you drive the lorry carrying the phones and drive the lorry to the spot
where Babu mentions_.[”] Bala then told me “ _You then drive the rented lorry
from the spot mentioned by Babu and drive it to Ang Mo Kio_.” I agreed to
follow them since my role is only to drive the rented lorry as directed by
Bala.

8 At about 6.00am, Daniel woke me up from sleep. He told me that it was
6.00am. I washed my face and after that, together with Bala and Daniel, we
went downstairs to the lorry that was parked at the side main road. I went to
the driver seat and at this point, I noticed a baseball bat [_ie_ , the
baseball bat] tucked behind the passenger seat. It looks like dark brown or
black in colour. This is the first time that I notice the baseball bat in the
lorry. I drove the lorry. Daniel and Bala sat behind the lorry.

9 While I was driving along the PIE just after the Kallang Way Exit, Daniel
used his can of beer and knocked on the side of the lorry. He told me to stop
the lorry. I parked the lorry at the side of the PIE. He came down from the
lorry and sat at the passenger seat. After that, I continued driving. I then
asked Daniel “ _what is this_ ” and pointing to the baseball bat. He pulled up
the baseball bat and just replied “ _Baseball bat_ ”. I asked him “ _Why, to
beat up the man or what_?” and he replied “ _Yes_ ”. I asked him where he took
the baseball bat from. Daniel told me that he got the baseball bat from the
workshop at Upper Changi Road. Bala had taken it and put it inside the lorry.
The baseball bat was about 1 meter in length (about the height of this table).
One end of the bat was slim and about half the length of a computer diskette
in diameter. The diameter for the other end was bigger, slightly more than the
length of a computer diskette.

...

53 I only knew that we are going to commit robbery. My family is having
financial difficulties. My father had just suffered a stroke. I needed money.
I did not beat up the Chinese man. What I told the man was just go and speak
to my “uncle”, Bala. I did not know that he would be beaten up to this extent.

**_Further Investigation Statement – 19 June 2006_**

56 With regards to paragraph 9, I wish to delete the sentence “I asked him
“Why, to beat up the man or what?” and he replied “yes”.

...

Q7Do you know what is going to happen to the driver when you asked the driver
of [Lorry] 815 to go over to Bala?

Ans7I know that he was going to be beaten up by Bala. However, I did not think
that he would be beaten up at that spot.

...

Q16Is there anything else you wish to say?

Ans16What I wanted to say is that, when I followed them and even when I was at
Pasir Ris Carpark, I did not know that I was going to take the two pallets to
Ang Mo Kio. Earlier on, what they told me was to take the lorry to Ang Mo Kio.
They did not tell me that I will be carrying stolen goods. I thought that I
would be just sending them there and come back. Just for driving the vehicle,
I am now facing a murder charge. I did not get anything from the robbery. I
feel very sorry about what happened to the victim [_ie_ , Wan]. It was just to
beat him unconscious. I did not expect that he would be beaten to the extent
that he would die. I feel sorry that this incident had taken place.

**_Statements made by [Bala]_**

25 The material portions of [Bala’s] written statements are:

**_Investigation Statement – 12 June 2006_**

10 A week after this session, in May 2006, Babu asked me to meet him at the
coffeeshop at Blk 73 Toa Payoh Lorong 4. I then brought along Daniel with me.
I had told Daniel that Babu would be giving me the full details and how much
each of us would get from the loots. I had already informed Daniel as to what
items we were going to steal. We met Babu around 4.00 pm at the coffeeshop and
we have ‘Guinness’ stout drinks. During the drinks, Babu told us that it was a
very good ‘lobang’ and each of us could make about S$50,000/=. He also told us
that when the driver was changing his pass, we should drive away his lorry and
unload the cargo onto Babu’s lorry at a deserted place. Daniel then told Babu
to give all the details to me and left the place. He said he would find out
all the details from me. After Daniel left, Babu told me that both he and I
would go to Changi cargo complex [_ie_ , CAC] to view and survey the place
regarding the movements of the vehicles. Before we left the coffeeshop, Babu
had also told me that during the theft should the driver try to stop our
driver, then we should push the driver away or punch him. Around 7.00 pm, Babu
and I left the coffeeshop. The following morning Babu picked me up in his
lorry bearing registration number something like GM 3452 or GM 3542 from the
carpark at Blk 73 Toa Payoh. As I was leaving the house, Daniel’s friend
Christopher asked me as to where I was going. The previous night, he came to
stay at Blk 179 Toa Payoh after the church session along with Daniel. I told
Christopher that I was going towards Changi and he came along. I did not
mention anything to Daniel since he was sleeping after some drinks the
previous day.

11 When I met Babu at 5.30 am, I introduced Christopher to him as Daniel’s
friend. Babu did not mention anything. Whilst travelling to Changi midway, I
told Christopher that we were going to Changi cargo complex to survey the
place. When Christopher asked me as to why we were going there to survey, I
told him we were going there to do the surveying as we were planning to commit
theft later from the lorry. I told him because I trusted him that he would not
tell anyone. At that time, Babu and I did not have the intention to include
Christopher in our group to commit the theft. We reached the cargo complex at
about 6.00 am and Babu had parked his lorry at the parking bay about 40-feet
from the pass office. Babu showed me the three yellow coloured lorries with
the logo of ‘Sterling’ company leaving the cargo complex at intervals of about
20 minutes. He then pointed to the first lorry and told me that I cannot do
anything to that lorry with an attendant. The driver of the first lorry was a
male Indian and his lorry attendant was a male Chinese. They changed their
passes at the checkpoint and left. When the second lorry arrived to change the
pass, I noticed the driver was a male Chinese and there was no attendant to
this lorry. Babu then told me that perhaps the second lorry may carry goods
and one of us could drive the lorry from the pass-office and go away with the
goods. When the third lorry came, I noticed the driver was a male Indian and
there was no attendant also in that lorry. Babu said that perhaps this lorry
may also carry goods and one of us could drive the lorry from the pass-office
and go away with the goods. I did not notice the registration number for all
the three lorries. Babu had told me only out of these three lorries, that
either the second or third would be our target and that we would have to look
for. He did not mention about any other lorries. All these while, Christopher
was beside us watching as to what we were doing. He did not mention anything.
Babu and I did the survey until 7.00 am. Babu then drove us back to Blk 73 Toa
Payoh coffeeshop. Babu said he would contact me later and let me know when to
do.

12 Christopher did not utter anything until at night when we were having a
drinking session with Daniel at home. Daniel asked me as to what happened
about the survey and I told him everything was ‘ok’. Christopher then told
Daniel that everything so simple and that he wished to participate. I then
told Christopher that only Daniel and I were sharing at $50,000/= each. I also
told Christopher that I would first find out from Babu as to how much the
entire loot would work out to before we could include Christopher in the
matter. Christopher then told me to find out and let him know later. The same
night at about 11.00 pm, I called Babu from Christopher’s handphone to find
out whether we could really make money out of the loot, or otherwise I did not
want to get involved. Babu then replied saying that the minimum sum all three
of us, meaning Daniel, Christopher and myself could make would be a minimum
sum of S$150,000/=, if not more. Babu was not bothered as to how many of us
were involved in doing it and that he would pay a minimum of S$150,000/=. He
also said that he would pay more if he could get more. I did not mention to
Babu that I was going to involve Christopher in the matter. At about midnight,
we never talked about the matter again since Daniel’s mother Rachael came
home.

…

15 After we had done this survey at the Changi cargo complex, Daniel sent his
car to Changi Road. We followed him in our lorry GM 9520 [_ie_ , Lorry 9520]
and Christopher was driving the lorry. After giving the car for servicing,
Daniel picked up a discarded pole [_ie_ , the baseball bat], in the size of a
cricket bat, from the workshop and brought [it] to the lorry. He placed the
pole underneath the passenger’s seat, beside the driver. Christopher and I saw
this. I asked him why he needed that and he said it could be of use one day.
Christopher then drove us back home.

16 On 29 May 2006 at about 9.30 pm, Christopher called me at home and told me
that Babu wanted to meet all of us at the coffeeshop at Blk 125 Toa Payoh
Lorong 1 [at] around 10.00 pm. Christopher also said that Daniel, his friend
Shanker and Christopher were already there and asked me to join them. When I
arrived at the coffeeshop, Babu had not come yet. Daniel’s friend Shanker who
was at the coffeeshop earlier left the coffeeshop when his mother passed by.
This was before Babu arrived at the coffeeshop. At the coffeeshop, we had
‘Guinness’ stout and ‘Heineken’ beer. Babu gave me S$300/= from which I paid
for the drinks. During our drinking session, Babu told us that we can do the
loot on the following morning at 5.30. Babu said he would call us again the
following morning to confirm and asked us to be ready. Babu said he already
knew one of the yellow coloured lorries was carrying either handphones or
laptops. He further said he wanted to confirm which lorry was carrying these
items before he could confirm with us. He also further told us that we could
go with it if the lorry was either carrying handphones or laptops. After this,
Daniel left with an Indian girl who had just come there to see Daniel. After
Daniel left, Babu asked me should we fail in our attempt to drive away the
lorry, what would I do. I then told him I had no idea. Babu then suggested
that we block his lorry and ask the driver of the lorry whether he had
borrowed money from the moneylender ‘ah long’. When the driver comes down from
the lorry to answer, we should then scotch-tape his mouth, both his hands and
legs, and take him along in the lorry in the front cabin, and drive away his
lorry. Babu then said he would follow us in his lorry and after the unloading
had been done, we could leave the lorry and driver somewhere and go away. All
these serious matters were discussed during the drinking session that night
after Daniel left. Christopher was with me during the discussion.

**_Further Investigation Statement – 13 June 2006_**

Q3Reference to paragraph 10 of your previous statement, you mentioned in the
said statement ‘ _Before we left the coffeeshop, Babu had also told me that
during the theft should the driver try to stop our driver, then we should push
the driver away or punch him_ ’. Could you tell me more about this incident?

Ans3Babu told me to push the driver away or punch him if the driver tried to
stop us. Later, I told Daniel and Christopher the same as what Babu said.

Q4Reference to paragraph 15 of your previous statement, you mentioned in the
said statement ‘ _After giving the car for servicing, Daniel picked up a
discarded pole, in the size of a cricket bat, from the workshop and brought
[it] to the lorry. He placed the pole underneath the passenger’s seat, beside
the driver. Christopher and I saw this. I asked him why he needed that and he
said it could be of use one day_ ’. Could you tell me more about this
incident?

Ans4When Daniel told me that the wooden pole could be of use one day, I knew
that he wanted to use it during the handphone theft.

[emphasis in original]

The trial in the court below

The case for the Defence

The case put forth by Bala

22 As Bala has decided not to proceed with this appeal in so far as his
conviction is concerned (see [46]–[47] below), we shall not, in this judgment,
reproduce the material parts of his submissions in the court below. We shall,
instead, only set out the Judge’s summary of these submissions, which was as
follows (see the GD at [30]):

[Bala] admitted that he struck [Wan] with the baseball bat. Counsel submitted
that the defence of [Bala] was as follows:

(a) there was no intention to commit murder and to cause the death of [Wan] as
the plan was to rob [Wan] of the 2,700 handphones;

(b) there was a sudden fight between him [_ie_ , Bala] and [Wan] near the
grass verge of Changi Coast Road which arose when [Wan] provoked [Bala] with
abusive [language] and expletives which led to [Bala] … assaulting [Wan] which
are [_sic_] within the Exceptions 1 and 4 of Section 300 of the Penal Code …

The defence also contended that it was not within the contemplation of all
three accused persons [_ie_ , the Appellants] to use the baseball bat to
assault Wan and to cause him serious injury. It was also submitted that
certain police statements (exhibits 251, 255 and 257) made by [Bala] ought to
be disregarded as: the statements were not verified by [Bala]; the statements
were not recorded with the assistance of an interpreter; the statements were
paraphrased by the recording officer and in some instances, the recorder even
used words of his own; and/or the recorder did not administer a warning that
the statements were recorded in the course of a murder investigation. Counsel
urged the court to acquit [Bala].

The case put forth by Daniel

23 Daniel’s submissions on the facts at the trial, as summarised by the Judge
in the GD, were as follows:

26 [Daniel] stated in court that sometime in May 2006, [Bala] told him of a
plan to “take away” a lorry carrying handphones and laptops out from CAC. He
agreed to be part of the plan as he was then in financial straits. [Daniel]
testified that the original plan was to simply steal the lorry while the lorry
driver was changing his pass at the CAC pass office. This plan however failed
when [L]orry 815 did not stop at the pass-office.

27 According to [Daniel], after [L]orry 815 failed to stop at the pass-office,
[Bala] instructed him to tail the lorry. Somewhere along Changi Coast Road,
[Bala] told him to overtake and intercept [L]orry 815. [Daniel] complied.
After both [L]orry 815 and [L]orry 9520 had come to a stop, [Daniel] remained
in his lorry while [Christopher] and [Bala] alighted. It was through the left
side mirror that [Daniel] saw [Bala] holding a baseball bat [_ie_ , the
baseball bat] and then striking [Wan] once on the face using the bat. [Daniel]
stated that he did not question [Bala] when he was told to tail the 24-footer
from the Cargo Complex as [Bala] was elder to him and that he did not do
anything to stop [Bala]’s assault on [Wan] as he was shocked.

28 [Daniel’s] counsel submitted that the only plan [Daniel] was privy to was
the plan to snatch [Wan’s] lorry at the CAC pass-office and “there was no pre-
arranged plan to beat up [Wan] till he was unconscious”. It was further
submitted that the Prosecution had adduced no evidence to show that [Daniel]
had a common intention with [Christopher] and [Bala] to cause grievous bodily
harm to [Wan]. …

24 In relation to the law, the material portions of Daniel’s written
submissions in the court below were as follows:[note: 19]

13\. There is no doubt in the present case that there was no pre-arranged plan
to beat up [Wan] till he was unconscious. …

…

19\. [Babu], a Prosecution witness has testified that there was no pre[-]plan
in the Toa Payoh coffeeshop to assault [Wan] until he was unconscious. He
admitted and pleaded guilty to the [CSOF] to escape the murder charge. And
[Bala] has also testified that there was no common intention to beat up [Wan]
till he was grievously hurt or unconscious.

20\. [Daniel] and [Christopher] have testified that there was no common
intention to best [_sic_] up [Wan] till he was unconscious or cause him
grievous bodily harm.

21\. The fact [that] the baseball bat had been placed in the lorry does not
mean that there was a common plan among the [Appellants] to beat up [Wan] and
cause him grievous bodily harm. In **__Regina and Powell [1999] 1 AC__** … at
page 5 at paragraph B, it is stated :–

**“** **_To secure his conviction for murder the Crown would at the very least
have to establish that the secondary party possessed an intent to cause
serious bodily harm and that only if foresight is virtually certain can it be
evidence from which a jury can infer intent. The line of authority stemming
from Chan Wing-Siu v. The Queen [1985] A.C. 168 serves only to blur the
distinction between foresight and intention. [Reference was also made to Reg.
v. Smith (Wesley) [1963] 1 W.L.R. 1200, 1206; Reg. v. Barry Reid (1975) 62
Cr.App.R. 109, 112; Reg. v. Hancock [1986] A.C. 455; Reg. v. Slack [1989] Q.B.
775 and Reg. v. Smith [1988] Crim. L. R. 616.]_**

**_The mens rea of a defendant may be proved by either proof of participation
in a joint enterprise having the requisite character or by proof of a specific
intent. Where proof of participation in the joint enterprise in the course of
which the relevant act was done is considered to prove the mens rea
appropriate to a lesser crime, only the lesser crime will have been proved
against the defendant, although the act may have involved the commission of
the more serious crime by another against whom a specific intent can be
proved: see Reg. v. Stewart and Schofield [1995] 1 Cr.App.R. 441_**.**”**

And at [p]age 7, last paragraph, it is stated :–

**“** **_The starting point for the consideration of this question is the
principle that if the principal and the secondary party agree on a common
design and the principal “deliberately and substantially” varies from the
common design, then the secondary party will not be liable: see Foster, Crown
Cases, (1762), p. 369_**.**”**

At page 8, paragraph B, it is stated :

**“** **_The adoption by one defendant, unknown to another, of a qualitatively
different and fatal means of carrying out the joint intent takes the fatal
blow outside the joint enterprise: see Reg. v. Price (1858) 8 Cox C.C.
96_**.**”**

And at page 15 at paragraph B, it is stated :–

**“** **_Lord Windlesham, writing with great Home Office experience, has said
that a minority of defendants convicted of murder have been convicted on the
basis that they had an intent to kill: “Responses to Crime.” Vol. 3 (1996) at
page 342 n. 29. That assessment does not surprise me. What is the
justification for this position? There is an argument that, given the
unpredictability [as to] whether a serious injury will result in death, an
offender who intended to cause serious bodily injury cannot complain of a
conviction of murder in the event of a death. But this argument is outweighed
by the practical consideration that immediately below murder there is the
crime of manslaughter for which the court may impose a discretionary life
sentence or a very long period of imprisonment. Accepting the need for a
mandatory life sentence for murder, the problem is one of classification. The
present definition of the mental element of murder results in defendants being
classified as murderers who are not in truth murderers. It happens both in
cases where only one offender is involved and in cases resulting from joint
criminal enterprises. It results in the imposition of mandatory life sentences
when neither justice nor the needs of society require the classification of
the case as murder and the imposition of a mandatory life sentence_**.**”**

[underlining and emphasis in bold italics in original]

25 To sum up, Daniel’s defence was, in essence, that there was no common
intention among the Appellants to use the baseball bat to assault or cause
grievous bodily harm to Wan. The placing of the baseball bat in Lorry 9520
_per se_ did not point to there being such a common intention; at least,
Daniel had no such intention. Bala’s assault on Wan with the baseball bat was
not in furtherance of the Appellants’ common intention to rob Wan, and it also
exceeded the scope of that common intention. This defence was rejected by the
Judge.

The case put forth by Christopher

26 Christopher’s submissions on the facts at the trial, as summarised by the
Judge, were as follows (see the GD at [29]):

[Christopher] testified that he was not privy to the plan to rob the lorry
carrying the [Cargo] and that he was merely an ignorant replacement driver.
This assertion was corroborated somewhat by [Bala] who testified in court that
[Christopher] was a last minute replacement for one “Shankar” who was supposed
to be involved in the plan but who could not wake up that particular morning.
[Bala] added that [Christopher’s] role was only to send [Daniel] and [Bala] to
CAC and nothing more. The reason why [Christopher] made the various
incriminating police statements was because during their time in police
custody, [Daniel] had disclosed to [Christopher] the contents of his police
statements and in his confused [state] of mind, [Christopher] decided to give
an account that tallied with [Daniel]’s.

27 In respect of the law, the material portions of Christopher’s written
submissions in the court below were as follows:[note: 20]

15\. The Defence is in material agreement with the Prosecution’s summation of
the law. It is accepted that the pronouncements of the [CA] with regard to the
law on common intention in **_Too Yin Sheong v Public Prosecutor_****[1991] 1
SLR 682 (“**** _Too_****”)** have been accepted in the [CA’s] decision in
**_Public Prosecutor v Lim Poh Lye and another_****[2005] 4 SLR 582 (“****
_Lim_****”)**.

16\. It is humbly submitted that the existence of a pre-arranged plan must be
established beyond a reasonable doubt to demonstrate common intention between
the accused persons.

…

18\. … [W]e respectfully refer this … Court to **_Criminal Law in Malaysia and
Singapore_****, Yeo, Morgan, and Chan** , LexisNexis, 2007, Chapter 35, Joint
Liability (**“**** _Criminal Law in Malaysia and Singapore_****”**) at page[s]
819–820 where the learned authors state as follows:

“** _It is submitted that in the interest of striking a balance between the
need to deter group crimes and the principle that an offender should not be
punished beyond his or her personal culpability, subjective foresight by the
secondary party of the collateral offence being committed should be insisted
upon as the basis for his or her liability_**. _A degree of injustice is
present in this compromise since a person may be convicted of an offence even
if he or she did not possess the fault element for it, but this may be
unavoidable in order to deter group crimes. The other meanings put forward for
‘in furtherance of the common intention’ will extend constructive liability
for crimes committed by others too far_.” **[Emphasis added]**

19\. Finally, it must be established beyond a reasonable doubt that an accused
person participated, whether actively or passively, before liability under
Section 34 of the Penal Code can be attracted. However, at this juncture, we
respectfully refer this … Court to **_Criminal Law in Malaysia and
Singapore_** at page 815 where the learned authors state as follows:

“ _It is submitted that a better approach is to recognise that participation
in the offence is the key ingredient for imposing joint criminal liability
under s 34. Presence at the offence is neither required by the wording of s 34
no[r] is it a good proxy for participation_. **_It should be a question of
fact in each case whether the accused had participated to a sufficient degree
such that he or she is deemed to be blameworthy as the principal offender_**
_.._.” **[Emphasis added]**

20\. It is humbly submitted that the learned authors of **_Criminal Law in
Malaysia and Singapore_** are advocating a considered and balanced approach in
the administration of the law on common intention which will properly
calibrate culpability and punishment. This … Court is humbly invited to adopt
such a view and not overextend the law on common intention. In this regard, it
is accepted that each case will ultimately turn on its own specific facts.

…

35\. It is humbly submitted that Christopher did not know that the bat [_ie_ ,
the baseball bat] would be used upon observing the bat in [Lorry 9520] on the
morning of 30 May 2006.

…

49\. It is humbly submitted that there is a wealth of evidence suggesting that
it would be unreasonable for the Prosecution to assert that Christopher knew
of the plan to rob beyond a reasonable doubt. In fact, the evidence of Daniel
and Bala adds weight to Christopher’s plea that he had no knowledge of any
pre-arranged plan.

…

62\. It is humbly submitted that Christopher played a minor role in these
entire proceedings. Christopher was simply an ignorant replacement driver who
did as he was told by Bala.

63\. While it is suggested that confederates who play passive roles in the
criminal act can attract liability under Section 34 of the Penal Code, it is
humbly submitted that this … Court can look to the actual level of this
knowing participation before imposing liability similar to that of the
principal offender in this case. It is respectfully submitted that it would be
unreasonable for the Prosecution to suggest that Christopher’s alleged passive
participation should attract the same level of culpability when his actions
neither facilitated nor promoted the offence.

[emphasis in italics, in bold and in bold italics in original; underlining in
original omitted]

28 To sum up, the defence of Christopher was, in essence, that his being privy
to a pre-arranged plan (along with Daniel and Bala) to rob Wan had not been
proved beyond reasonable doubt. He (Christopher) did not have prior knowledge
of any such plan as he had merely been “an ignorant replacement driver”;[note:
21] he did not play an extensive role in the robbery; and he did not have
subjective foresight that Bala might likely assault Wan and cause his death.
These arguments were rejected by the Judge.

The case for the Prosecution

29 We turn now to the Prosecution’s case at the trial. In this regard, we
shall set out the more important parts of the opening statement and the
closing submissions made by the Prosecution, with our comments on the
Prosecution’s various arguments interspersed in between.

30 The material portion of the Prosecution’s opening statement at the trial
was as follows:[note: 22]

At this trial the [P]rosecution will adduce evidence to show beyond reasonable
doubt that one or more of the [Appellants] had, in furtherance of the common
intention of them all to rob [Wan] of the [Cargo], caused his death by
intentionally inflicting head injuries on him and that the head injuries
inflicted were sufficient in the ordinary course of nature to cause [Wan’s]
death.

31 The above submission rests on the proposition that where A, B and C have a
common intention to rob D, and C, in furtherance of that common intention,
intentionally inflicts fatal injuries on D, s 34 will apply to make A and B
constructively liable for the offence arising from the criminal act committed
by C (the actual doer). It may also be noted that, based on the above
submission, A and B need not themselves have participated in the criminal act
done by C (_ie_ , the inflicting of fatal injuries on D) before they can be
held constructively liable for the offence resulting from that criminal act.

32 The Prosecution, however, took a different stance on the participation
element of s 34 in closing its case at the trial. The material paragraphs of
the Prosecution’s written closing submissions dated 24 January 2008 (“the
Prosecution’s written closing submissions”) read as follows:[note: 23]

**C**. **THE LAW**

**_Elements of the charge_**

3\. The Prosecution is proceeding against the [Appellants] on a joint charge
of murder constituted under section 300(c) of the Penal Code … It is submitted
that the essential elements of the joint charge against the [Appellants] are
as follows:

(a) The [Appellants] shared a common intention;

(b) The criminal act that was perpetrated (i.e. murder) was in furtherance of
the common intention of them all; and

(c) **__The [Appellants], [who are] sought to be held liable under section 34
of the Penal Code, have in some way participated in the criminal act__**.

**_Murder_**

…

5\. The [CA] in **_Public Prosecutor v Lim Poh Lye and another_** [2005] 4 SLR
582 (“** _Lim Poh Lye_** ”) at [22] and [23] reaffirmed that for an injury to
fall within the ambit of section 300(c) of the Penal Code, it must be one
which, in the normal [course] of nature, would cause death and must not be an
injury that was accidental or unintentional, or that some other kind of injury
was intended. Whether a particular injury was accidental or unintended is a
question of fact which has to be determined in light of the evidence adduced
and taking into account all the surrounding circumstances of the case. If the
accused intended to inflict what, in his view, was an inconsequential injury,
where that injury is in fact proved to be fatal, he would be caught by section
300(c).

…

**_Common Intention_**

9\. Sections 33 and 34 of the Penal Code [state]:

_33_. _The word ‘act’ denotes as well a series of acts as a single act; the
word ‘omission’ denotes as well a series of omissions as a single omission_.

_34_. _When a criminal act is done by several persons, in the furtherance of a
common intention of all, each of such persons is liable for that act in the
same manner as if the act were done by him alone_.

10\. It is not incumbent upon the Prosecution to show that the common
intention of the accused was to commit the offence [with] which they are
charged. What is required is that the criminal act was done in furtherance of
their common intention. The accused must be physically present at the actual
commission of the offence. **__There must be actual participation in the
offence, whether active or passive__**. Presence for the purpose of
facilitating or promoting the offence is tantamount to actual participation in
the offence: **_Public Prosecutor v Gerardine Andrew_** [1998] 3 SLR 736,
**_Too Yin Sheong v Public Prosecutor_** [1999] 1 SLR 682 (“** _Too Yin
Sheong_** ”), **_Lim Poh Lye_**.

11\. Thus, it is trite law that the Prosecution does _not_ have to prove that
there exists, between the accused persons who are charged with an offence read
with section 34 of the Penal Code, a common intention to commit the crime
actually committed: **_Wong Mimi v Public Prosecutor_** [1972–1974] SLR 73
[_ie_ , _Mimi Wong (CCA)_] and **_Public Prosecutor v Neoh Bean Chye_**
[1972–1974] SLR 213\. This principle has been endorsed and reaffirmed by the
[CA] in **_Lim Poh Lye_**.

12\. In **_Too Yin Sheong_** , the [CA] discussed the ambit of section 34 of
the Penal Code extensively and noted that:

_27_ **_Section 34 was framed to meet a case in which it may be difficult to
distinguish between the act of individual members of a party or to prove
exactly what part was played by each of them_**. _The reason why all are
deemed guilty in such cases is, the presence of accomplices gives
encouragement, support and protection to the person actually committing the
act. In Bashir v State of Allahabad (1953) Cri LJ 1505, it was said that the
limb ‘in furtherance of a common intention’ was added to make persons acting
in concert liable for an act [which], though not exactly intended by them, …
has been done in furtherance of their common intention. We will now discuss
the elements of s 34 under the [following] headings of (i) the common
intention of all, (ii) in furtherance of the common intention and (iii)
participation in the criminal act_. (**emphasis added**)

13\. The [CA] explained the ambit of the phrase “common intention” as:

_28_ _Common intention implies acting in concert, the existence of a pre-
arranged plan. In Mahbub Shah v King-Emperor AIR 1945 PC 118, the Privy
Council said_ :

_It is clear to their Lordships that common intention within the meaning of
the section implies a pre-arranged plan, and to convict the accused of an
offence applying the section it should be proved that the criminal act was
done in concert pursuant to the prearranged plan. As has been observed, it is
difficult if not impossible to procure direct evidence to prove the intention
of an individual; in most cases it has to be inferred from his act or conduct
or other relevant circumstances of the case_.

_It was also emphasised that care should be taken to distinguish common
intention from a same or similar intention. There has to be a prior meeting of
minds to form a pre-arranged plan. In Bashir, the High Court of Allahabad
noted that the common intention should be inferred from the whole conduct of
all persons concerned, and not from an individual act actually done_.

_29_ _From Wong Mimi & Anor v PP [1972–1974] SLR 73;_ __[1972] 2 MLJ 75__ _and
PP v Neoh Bean Chye [1972–1974] SLR 213; [_ __1975] 1 MLJ 3__ _, it has been
held that it is not incumbent upon the prosecution to show that the common
intention of the accused was to commit the crime [with] which they are
charged_. **_It is the intention of the doer of the criminal offence charged
that is in issue, and when s 34 applies, the others will be vicariously or
constructively liable for the same offence. In other words, the participants
need only have the mens rea for the offence commonly intended. It was not
necessary for them to also possess the mens rea for the offence [with] which
they are actually charged_**. _In Krishna Govind Patil AIR 1963 SC 1413, it
was held that a pre-arranged plan may develop on the spot during the course of
the commission of the offence, but the crucial circumstance is that the said
plan must precede the act constituting the offence_. (**emphasis added**)

14\. The [CA] also went on to explain what the phrase “in furtherance of the
common intention” meant:

_31_ _In Asogan Ramesh s/o Ramachandren v PP [1998] 1 SLR 286, it was stated
that common intention invoked under s 34 was a wide principle whereby joint
liability for a crime can be imputed to several accused if the circumstances
justified it. However, it was imperative that the criminal act complained of
was committed in furtherance of the common intention. The [CA] referred to
Mahbub Shah, wherein it was held that to convict an accused of an offence
under s 34, it must be proved that the criminal act was done pursuant to the
prearranged plan. In other words, the criminal act complained against was done
by one of the accused [persons] in furtherance of their common intention_.

_32_ _From Mimi Wong, it is clear that for s 34 to apply, the intention of the
doer which is imputed to his confederates must not be inconsistent with the
carrying out of the common intention_.

_33_ _Ratanlal & Dhirajlal’s Law of Crimes (1997 Ed) at p 122, para 28,
describes three categories of acts done in furtherance of a common intention_.
**_Firstly, the act which is directly intended between all the confederates.
Secondly, the act which the circumstances of the case leave [in] no doubt …
that though the act was not directly intended between them[,] … [it] was taken
by all of them as included in the common intention. Thirdly, the act which any
of the confederates commits in order to avoid or remove any obstruction or
resistance put up in the way of the proper execution of the common intention.
In doing the third type of act, the individual doer may cause a result not
intended by any other of the confederates_** _. It is difficult to prove the
intention of an individual since it is subjective. In most cases, it has to be
inferred from his act or conduct or other relevant circumstances of the case.
The totality of the circumstances must be taken into consideration in arriving
at the conclusion_. (**emphasis added**)

15\. On the requirement of “participation in the criminal act”, the [CA] had
this to say:

_35_ **_It is the essence of s 34 that the person must be physically present
at the actual commission of the crime in question for the section requires the
criminal act to be done by several persons. Physical presence must be coupled
with actual participation_**. _This has been conclusively established in PP v
Andrew Gerardine_ __[1998] 3 SLR 736__ _. In that case, Gerardine had incited
two others to attack her landlady. During the attack, her landlady was stabbed
to death. Gerardine was charged with murder under s 302 read with s 34 of the
Penal Code_ … _The trial judge convicted her of culpable homicide not
amounting to murder. The prosecution appealed and the [CA] allowed the appeal.
Gerardine had not been in the flat when the attack occurred. She was in fact
outside the flat at the staircase landing_. **_The requirement is for physical
presence at the actual commission of the offence, not physical presence at the
immediate site [where] the commission of the offence took place_**. _The very
nature of s 34 demand[s] a closer association with the actual commission of
the offence, as compared to abetment where the person is punished for aiding
or abetting the princip[al]_. **_There ha[s] to be actual participation,
whether active or passive_**. _Regarding passive participation, the [CA]
referred to Barendra Kumar Ghosh v Emperor AIR 1925 PC 1, where Lord Sumner
said, ‘it is to be remembered that in crimes as in other things they also
serve who only stand and wait.’_

_36_ _In Lim Heng Soon & Anor v PP [1969–1971] SLR 89_, __[1970] 1 MLJ 166__
_, Wee Chong Jin CJ said that for s 34, every person who participates in the
commission of that criminal act would be liable as if he had committed that
act all by himself, irrespective of the fact that he might have only played a
small role in the commission of the act_.

_37_ _In Om Prakash v State AIR 1956 All 241, it was held that presence on the
spot for the purpose of facilitating or promoting the offence is itself
tantamount to actual participation in the criminal act. The court cited the
example where a person who is an eye-witness of the incident is present at the
spot as well as [the example of] a person who is a confederate of the
assailant. The former is not guilty because he is present merely to see the
commission of the crime. On the other hand, the latter is guilty because he is
present for the purpose of seeing that the crime is committed. The following
observations of Mookerjee J in Barenda Kumar Ghosh were held relevant_ :

_It is the expectation of aid in case it is necessary to the completion of the
crime and the belief that his associate is near and ready to render it, which
encourage and embolden the chief perpetrator, and incite him to accomplish the
act. By the countenance and assistance which the accomplice thus renders, he
participates in the commission of the offence_.

_It is therefore sufficient to hold a party [liable] as principal, if it is
made to appear that he acted with another in pursuance of a common design;
that he operated at one and the same time for fulfillment of the same pre-
concerted end, and was so situated as to be able to furnish aid to his
associates with a view to insure success in the accomplishment of the common
enterprise_.

_Thus, it is clear that the potential utility of a person present as a guilty
confederate at the scene of the crime cannot be underestimated. Further, the
word ‘criminal act’ in s 34 is used in the broadest sense, for s 33 states
that it may include a series of acts or a single act. Beg J in Ohm Prakash
stated that the words would cover any word, gesture, deed or conduct of any
kind on the part of a person, whether active or passive, which tends to
support the common design_. (**emphasis added**)

[underlining, emphasis in italics, emphasis in bold and emphasis in bold
italics in original; emphasis added in bold italics with underlining]

33 As can be seen from para C.3 of the above extract from the Prosecution’s
written closing submissions, the Prosecution, in closing its case at the
trial, took the position that participation by A and B in the criminal act
done by C (_ie_ , the inflicting of fatal injuries on D) was necessary before
A and B could be held constructively liable for the offence resulting from C’s
criminal act. This submission by the Prosecution clearly contradicted the
position set out in its opening statement, which did not mention that
participation by Daniel and Christopher in the criminal act giving rise to the
offence which they were charged with was necessary.

34 Confusingly, in its oral closing submissions, the Prosecution appeared to
revert to the position set out in its opening statement when it
contended:[note: 24]

[D]espite [the] plethora of evidence presented, [Daniel] continuously harp[ed]
on the issue that there was no plan to assault [Wan] … with the baseball bat.
… [W]ith respect, _the Prosecution’s case against the [Appellants] does not
stand or fall on the ability of the Prosecution to prove whether there was a
plan to assault [Wan] with the baseball bat_.

… [T]he critical ingredients that the [P]rosecution is required to prove are
as follows:

Firstly,

(A) Does the evidence show that the [Appellants] shared a common intention to
commit robbery? …

Now secondly,

(B) If the answer to … (A) is “Yes”, did [Bala] strike [Wan] with the baseball
bat on the head in order to _facilitate_ the robbery that was intended by the
[Appellants?] …

And (C), if the answer to … (B) is “Yes”[,] then the law as it stands … is
that [Daniel] and [Christopher] are liable under section 34 of the Penal Code
for the criminal act, in other words, murder, in this case, caused by [Bala]
_as it was done in furtherance of the common intention to commit robbery_.

[emphasis added]

The above submission clearly indicates that, according to the Prosecution,
participation by Daniel and Christopher in the criminal act done by Bala which
gave rise to the offence charged (_ie_ , the criminal act of assaulting Wan)
was not a requirement for the purposes of imposing constructive liability on
Daniel and Christopher under s 34 as Bala had committed that criminal act “in
furtherance of the common intention”[note: 25] of all the Appellants to rob
Wan.

35 Thus, it appears that the Prosecution’s final position at the trial was
that even though Daniel and Christopher had not participated in the criminal
act done by Bala which gave rise to the offence charged, they could be held
constructively liable for that offence pursuant to s 34 because Bala had done
the criminal act giving rise to that offence in furtherance of the Appellants’
common intention to rob Wan. In the Prosecution’s view, Bala’s assault on Wan
was in furtherance of the Appellants’ common intention to commit robbery as it
“facilitate[d]”[note: 26] the robbery in terms of its execution and/or its
successful accomplishment (_eg_ , presumably, it enabled the Appellants to
avoid being identified by Wan and to escape after removing the Cargo from
Lorry 815). Based on the Prosecution’s approach as described in this
paragraph, for the purposes of imputing constructive liability to secondary
offenders pursuant to s 34, there does not need to be a common intention
between C (the actual doer) and A and B (the secondary offenders) to commit
the criminal act done by C which gives rise to the offence that A, B and C are
charged with; all that is required is that the criminal act committed by C is
in furtherance of and is not inconsistent with the criminal act commonly
intended by A, B and C. This proposition is said to have been established by
the CCA in _Mimi Wong (CCA)_ and _Neoh Bean Chye and another v Public
Prosecutor_ [1974–1976] SLR(R) 164 (“ _Neoh Bean Chye (CCA)_ ”), and to have
been subsequently endorsed and reaffirmed by the CA in, _inter alia_ , _Public
Prosecutor v Lim Poh Lye and another_ [2005] 4 SLR(R) 582 (“ _Lim Poh Lye
(CA)_ ”). We shall hereafter refer to this proposition as “the putative _Mimi
Wong (CCA)_ test”.

36 We shall now examine the findings of fact made by the Judge and his actual
decision in respect of Daniel and Christopher. His findings on Bala are not
particularly pertinent to our discussion on s 34 as Bala was the actual doer
of the criminal act in the present case and, therefore, his liability for the
offence of murder would depend solely on the operation of s 300(_c_) of the
Penal Code (s 300(_c_) being the particular limb of s 300 which was relied on
by the Prosecution).

The findings of the Judge

37 In dealing with the retracted parts of the Appellants’ statements, the
Judge reminded himself that case law required the court to treat those
portions of the statements with circumspection (see the GD at [32], citing
_Jagatheesan s/o Krishnasamy v Public Prosecutor_ [2006] 4 SLR(R) 45 at
[84]–[86]). With that caution in mind, the Judge made the following findings
of fact against the Appellants:

(a) There might have been “some discussion among the [Appellants] in relation
to hijacking Wan’s lorry at the pass-office” (see the GD at [34]), but the
evidence showed that “the plan … had changed by the time of the evening before
the crime” (see the GD at [34]). The new plan was to “forcibly take over the
goods-laden lorry [_ie_ , Lorry 815] while making sure that the driver thereof
[_ie_ , Wan] would be unable to stop them or recognize them” (see the GD at
[34]). It was clear to the Appellants that “the new plan had to be executed
when [L]orry 815 did not stop at the pass-office and when [Bala] directed
[Daniel] to tail the said lorry” (see the GD at [34]).

(b) The assertion by Daniel that the assault on Wan was unexpected and that he
(Daniel) had been shocked by it should be rejected in view of, _inter alia_ ,
the following factors (see the GD at [35]–[36]):

(i) Daniel was in control of Lorry 9520 when the Appellants tailed Lorry 815;

(ii) it was likewise Daniel who staged the near accident along Changi Coast
Road;

(iii) Daniel did not mention his alleged shock and fear in any of his
statements to the police; and

(iv) following the assault on Wan, Daniel (among other things) helped to carry
Wan into the passenger compartment of Lorry 815 and subsequently went clubbing
and drinking that same evening, which actions “negated the assertion of shock”
(see the GD at [36]).

In the circumstances, the Judge held, Daniel “was privy to the robbery plan
and … knew that [Wan] would be assaulted as part of the [robbery] plan” (see
the GD at [36]).

(c) Christopher was “clearly privy to the robbery plan” (see the GD at [39]).
Bala had informed the police that when Christopher drove him and Babu to CAC
to survey the place ahead of the robbery, Christopher was aware that there was
a plan to steal mobile phones (see the GD at [37]). Also, Daniel’s testimony
in court did not support the contention by Christopher that he (Christopher)
was an ignorant last-minute replacement driver (see the GD at [37]).
Furthermore, Christopher was present at the meeting at the coffee shop in Toa
Payoh on 29 May 2006 when the robbery was discussed (see the GD at [38]). His
evidence that he had been talking to his girlfriend on his mobile phone
instead was not convincing (see the GD at [38]). Similarly, his assertion that
he had made incriminating statements against himself so that his statements
would tally with Daniel’s statements was “inherently unbelievable” (see the GD
at [39]). In addition, his conduct during the robbery showed that he was part
of the robbery plan (see the GD at [39]).

(d) Bala satisfied the requirements for liability for the offence of murder as
set out in s 300(_c_) of the Penal Code (“s 300(_c_) murder”). He admitted
that whatever injuries were found on Wan’s body had been caused by his assault
(see the GD at [41]). In this respect, Dr Teo testified that, in his view, at
least 15 blows had been inflicted on Wan and the injuries to Wan’s head were
sufficient in the ordinary course of nature to cause death (see the GD at
[41]).

(e) The interception of Lorry 815 and the subsequent assault on Wan by Bala
were “clearly premeditated” (see the GD at [43]). As stated by Daniel, Bala
took the baseball bat with him when he alighted from Lorry 9520 and tried to
hide it behind his left leg (see the GD at [44]–[45]). Also, “the multiple
forceful blows inflicted on the unarmed and defenceless [Wan] showed that the
assault was nothing short of being cruel” (see the GD at [45]). On those two
scores, the defence of sudden fight was clearly not available to Bala (see the
GD at [45]).

(f) Bala also could not rely on the defence of provocation. His attack on Wan
was clearly premeditated and did not result from his having been deprived of
his self-control due to Wan’s alleged aggression (see the GD at [48]). It was
highly unlikely that Wan had behaved in a provocative manner as:

(i) he was outnumbered;

(ii) his alleged aggressiveness was not mentioned in any of the Appellants’
statements to the police; and

(iii) his alleged provocative behaviour was not corroborated by either Daniel
or Christopher.

38 On the basis of these findings of fact, the Judge concluded that the fact
that none of the Appellants had intended to kill or cause the death of Wan did
not mean that they could not be convicted of murder. _Vis-à-vis_ Bala, the
Judge held that the requirements for him to be made liable for the offence of
s 300(_c_) murder were clearly met. The Judge referred to _Lim Poh Lye (CA)_ ,
where this court reaffirmed the applicability of the principles set out by the
Supreme Court of India in _Virsa Singh v State of Punjab_ AIR 1958 SC 465 (“
_Virsa Singh_ ”) apropos the Indian equivalent of s 300(_c_) of the Penal
Code, which were as follows (see _Virsa Singh_ at [12]):

[T]he prosecution must prove the following facts before it can bring a case
under S. 300 “thirdly” [_ie_ , the Indian equivalent of s 300(_c_) of the
Penal Code];

First, it must establish, quite objectively, that a bodily injury is present;

Secondly, the nature of the injury must be proved[.] These are purely
objective investigations.

Thirdly, it must be proved that there was an intention to inflict that
particular bodily injury, that is to say, that it was not accidental or
unintentional, or that some other kind of injury was intended.

Once these three elements are proved to be present, the enquiry proceeds
further and,

Fourthly, it must be proved that the injury of the type just described made up
of the three elements set out above is sufficient to cause death in the
ordinary course of nature. This part of the enquiry is purely objective and
inferential and has nothing to do with the intention of the offender.

39 Since, on the facts found by the Judge, Bala had committed s 300(_c_)
murder, the Judge held that Daniel and Christopher were also guilty of the
same offence as they (together with Bala) had a common intention to rob Wan
and “knew that violence would be necessary to overpower and incapacitate Wan …
in order to facilitate the commission of the robbery” (see the GD at [51]).
The Judge added that “[t]he brutal assault [on Wan] was undoubtedly in
furtherance of [the Appellants’] common intention to commit robbery of the
goods in [L]orry 815” (see the GD at [51]).

40 To support his ruling that Daniel and Christopher’s knowledge that
“violence would be necessary to overpower and incapacitate Wan … in order to
facilitate the commission of the robbery” (see the GD at [51]) was sufficient
for Daniel and Christopher to be made constructively liable for murder
pursuant to s 34, the Judge referred to this court’s judgment in _Lee Chez Kee
(CA)_ and said (see the GD at [50]):

50 In _Lee Chez Kee v PP_ [2008] SGCA 20, a decision handed down by the [CA]
after the conclusion of the present trial, the court said (at [253]):

Thus, I can now summarise what I regard as the correct interpretation of s 34
of the Penal Code, taking into account the typical requirements to make s 34
of the Penal Code applicable, _viz_ , (a) a criminal act; (b) participation in
the doing of the act; (c) a common intention between the parties; and (d) an
act done in furtherance of the common intention of the parties:

(a) Criminal act: Section 34 does not refer to the actual crime committed
only. It is essential to realise that the expression “criminal act” is not
synonymous with “offence” as defined in s 40 of the Penal Code.

(b) Participation: Presence at the scene of the criminal act, primary or
collateral, need no longer be rigidly insisted on for s 34 of the Penal Code
to apply. In a “twin crime” situation, there is no need for participation in
the collateral criminal act as well as the primary criminal act; participation
in the primary criminal act would be sufficient for liability to fix on all
subsequent secondary offenders. The crux of the section is participation, and
presence may or may not provide the evidence for participation; this is a
question of fact to be decided in each case.

(c) Proving the common intention: To prove the common intention between the
parties, inferences must be made from the circumstances of the case to show
that the criminal act was committed in furtherance of a pre-arranged plan such
as the conduct of the parties, the weapons used and the nature of the wounds
inflicted. However, such inferences should never be made unless [they are] …
necessary inference[s] deducible from the circumstances of the case. All the
circumstances, including antecedent and subsequent conduct, are relevant in
inferring the common intention of all involved.

(d) _In furtherance of the common intention: There is no need for the common
intention of the parties to be to commit the offence actually committed in a
“twin crime” situation, otherwise the words “in furtherance” would be
superfluous_. The _Mimi Wong [(CCA)]_ approach to the interpretation of s 34
of the Penal Code is justified by the historical underpinnings of the Indian
Penal Code [_ie_ , the Penal Code 1860 (Act 45 of 1860) (India)] and the
doctrine of common purpose in English law. _The additional_ mens rea _required
of the secondary [offender] is that of a subjective knowledge on the part of
the secondary offender in relation to the likelihood of the collateral offence
happening. To be more precise, the secondary offender must subjectively know
that one in his party may likely commit the criminal act constituting the
collateral offence in furtherance of the common intention of carrying out the
primary offence_. There is no need [for the secondary offender] to have known
of the actual method of execution in a murder situation.

[emphasis in original omitted; emphasis added in italics]

41 It is crucial to note that _Lee Chez Kee (CA)_ was a “twin crime” case –
_ie_ , a case where the offenders share a common intention to commit a
criminal act (hereafter called a “primary criminal act”) such as breaking into
a house to steal and, in the course of doing that criminal act, one of the
offenders (_ie_ , the actual doer) commits a different (or collateral)
criminal act (hereafter called a “collateral criminal act”) such as inflicting
a fatal injury on the occupant of the house with a knife. In a typical “twin
crime” case, it is the collateral criminal act – and _not_ the primary
criminal act – that the secondary offenders are concerned about as the offence
which they are charged with, read with s 34, is the offence resulting from the
former (_ie_ , the collateral criminal act). In contrast, in a “single crime”
case, the offenders share a common intention to carry out the criminal act
actually done by the actual doer (which would be the primary criminal act as
just defined), and that criminal act is also the criminal act which gives rise
to the offence charged against the secondary offenders.

42 It was in the particular context of a “twin crime” case that this court
laid down in _Lee Chez Kee (CA)_ (at, _inter alia_ , sub-para (d) of [253])
the additional _mens rea_ requirement which had to be satisfied in order to
hold a secondary offender (who might or might not himself have participated in
the collateral criminal act done by the actual doer) constructively liable
pursuant to s 34 for the offence resulting from the actual doer’s collateral
criminal act, namely:

The additional _mens rea_ required of the secondary [offender] is that of a
subjective knowledge on the part of the secondary offender in relation to the
likelihood of the collateral offence happening. To be more precise, the
secondary offender must subjectively know that one in his party _may likely_
commit the criminal act constituting the collateral offence in furtherance of
the common intention of carrying out the primary offence. [emphasis in
original]

This _mens rea_ requirement, which we shall hereafter refer to as “the _LCK_
requirement”, refers to subjective knowledge that “the criminal act
constituting the collateral offence” (see _Lee Chez Kee (CA)_ at sub-para (d)
of [253]) – _ie_ , the collateral criminal act as defined at [41] above – may
likely be committed, and _not simply subjective knowledge that violence may be
used_ in furtherance of the common intention to do the primary criminal act.
As mentioned at [3] above, the _LCK_ requirement is a restriction on the
operation of the putative _Mimi Wong (CCA)_ test. In the light of the decision
in _Lee Chez Kee (CA)_ , it is no longer possible for the Prosecution to
merely rely on the putative _Mimi Wong (CCA)_ test when it seeks to hold a
secondary offender constructively liable pursuant to s 34 for the offence
resulting from the criminal act done by the actual doer; instead, the
Prosecution must go further and show that the _LCK_ requirement is satisfied.
It is necessary to point out at this juncture that the putative _Mimi Wong
(CCA)_ test, as restricted by the _LCK_ requirement, is relevant only in a
“twin crime” situation.

43 Reverting to the GD, it should be noted that the Judge held that the _LCK_
requirement was satisfied by reason of the findings set out at [51]–[53] of
the GD, which were as follows:

51 The evidence before me more than sufficed to impute liability [for Bala’s]
actions to [Daniel] and [Christopher]. There was clearly a common intention
among [the Appellants] to commit robbery. The [Appellants] knew that violence
would be necessary to overpower and incapacitate Wan (to the extent [that] he
would not be able to resist and to identify them) in order to facilitate the
commission of the robbery, even if [Daniel] and [Christopher] were not aware
of [Bala’s] “actual method of execution”. The brutal assault was undoubtedly
in furtherance of their common intention to commit robbery of the goods in
[L]orry 815.

52 In _Too Yin Sheong v PP_ [1999] 1 SLR 682, the [CA] astutely noted at [27]
that “[t]he reason why all are deemed guilty in such cases is, the presence of
accomplices gives encouragement, support and protection to the person actually
committing the act.” [Daniel] and [Christopher] were no doubt _participants_
in the robbery: [Daniel] staged the accident and was acting as a look out
[_sic_] while Wan was being assaulted; [Christopher] directed Wan to [Bala]
with full knowledge of the robbery plan and the fact that Wan would be
assaulted by [Bala]. There was no expression of horror or surprise on their
part after Wan was battered brutally by [Bala]. [Daniel] and [Christopher]
were calm and purposeful in their actions. They helped to bundle Wan into his
lorry before bringing it to the intended destination. [Daniel] was able to
drive a stranger’s lorry and yet retained the presence of mind to push Wan’s
head down at least twice when [Wan] tried to get up. He was also able to help
offload two pallets from [L]orry 815 onto their own lorry at [Car Park A]
before Babu arrived. [Christopher] was then able to drive away their lorry
with the two pallets to their planned destination. There was no talk about
what was going to happen to Wan if they left the badly wounded man in his
lorry. Clearly, Wan was just someone they had to get rid of although _they did
not plan to kill him_. Once they had got hold of the goods, they were
completely nonchalant about the fate of the obviously badly injured Wan.

53 In the circumstances, I was of the view that pursuant to s 34 of the Penal
Code, [Daniel] and [Christopher] were liable for the actions of [Bala] in the
same manner as if the acts were done by them and that all [of the Appellants]
were equally culpable.

[emphasis added]

44 These findings were, in summary, as follows:

(a) the Appellants had a common intention to rob Wan;

(b) the Appellants knew that violence would be used to incapacitate Wan in
order to facilitate the commission of the robbery, although Daniel and
Christopher were not aware of (_ie_ , they did not know) the “actual method of
execution” (see the GD at [51]);

(c) Wan was brutally assaulted by Bala in furtherance of the Appellants’
common intention to commit robbery;

(d) Daniel participated in the robbery by staging the near accident along
Changi Coast Road and by acting as a lookout while Wan was being assaulted;

(e) Christopher participated in the robbery by directing Wan to Bala after Wan
alighted from Lorry 815, knowing that Wan would be assaulted by Bala; and

(f) the Appellants had not planned to kill (_ie_ , to cause the death of) Wan
(see the GD at [40] and [52]).

45 It is also crucial to note that although the Judge was of the view that the
Appellants knew that violence would be necessary in order to facilitate the
commission of the robbery (see the GD at [50]) and that Daniel and Christopher
knew that Wan would be assaulted as part of the robbery plan (see the GD at,
respectively, [36] _vis-à-vis_ Daniel and [52] _vis-à-vis_ Christopher), he
_did not_ ultimately find as a fact that the Appellants had a common intention
to knock Wan unconscious, let alone a common intention to do so by
(specifically) hitting him on the head. Instead, the Judge found as a fact
that the Appellants had no plan (_ie_ , no common intention) to kill Wan or
cause his death, and stated the Appellants’ common intention solely in terms
of a “common intention to commit robbery” (see the GD at [51]). A final point
to note is that the Judge made express findings of participation by Daniel and
Christopher only in relation to the _robbery_ , and _not_ in relation to the
_assault on Wan_.

The appeal

The hearings before this court

46 At the first hearing of this appeal on 13 November 2008, counsel for the
Appellants informed us that their clients did not wish to proceed with the
appeal and applied for leave to withdraw the appeal. However, having read the
record of proceedings (“the RP”), including the GD, it was our view that the
correctness of the convictions of Daniel and Christopher merited further
consideration, given the Judge’s specific finding that the Appellants had not
planned to kill or cause the death of Wan in carrying out the robbery. As both
Daniel and Christopher were adamant in withdrawing the appeal in so far as
their convictions were concerned, we appointed their respective counsel as
_amicus curiae_ to address us on the merits of the appeal _vis-à-vis_ their
convictions. The hearing was then adjourned to a later date. Subsequently, in
a letter dated 15 January 2009, Daniel, through his counsel, informed the
court of his decision to proceed with the appeal in relation to his
conviction. Christopher’s counsel continued to act for Christopher as though
they had been instructed to proceed with the appeal where his conviction was
concerned.

47 At the second hearing of this appeal on 9 April 2009, Bala maintained his
decision to withdraw the appeal in so far as his conviction was concerned.
After hearing the submissions of counsel for Daniel and counsel for
Christopher as well as the Prosecution’s submissions, we reserved our
judgment.

The submissions by Daniel and Christopher on appeal

Daniel’s submissions

48 The main submissions by Daniel against his conviction were as follows:

(a) The Judge placed too much weight on the retracted parts of the Appellants’
statements and too little or no weight on the Appellants’ oral evidence at the
trial.

(b) The Judge erred in law and in fact in failing to apply the correct test
for imposing constructive liability under s 34.

(c) The Judge failed to properly consider and give due weight to the evidence
adduced by or on behalf of Daniel that he did not do any act in furtherance of
any common intention.

(d) The Judge erred in law and in fact in failing to properly consider Babu’s
evidence, which contradicted the CSOF that Babu had earlier unreservedly
admitted to at his trial (see [16] above). This contradiction raised doubts as
to whether Wan’s death was caused in furtherance of the Appellants’ common
intention to commit robbery.

(e) The Judge erred in law and in fact in convicting Daniel of murder on the
basis that he had prior knowledge of the planned assault on Wan. The only plan
which the Appellants had in common was to commit robbery by driving away Wan’s
lorry (_ie_ , Lorry 815) with the Cargo on board; Bala alone subsequently
changed the plan and caused Wan’s death without the participation of Daniel
and Christopher.

(f) The requirements for constructive liability to be imposed under s 34, as
laid down in _Lee Chez Kee (CA)_ , were not satisfied as Daniel did not have
subjective knowledge that Bala, in furtherance of the Appellants’ common
intention to commit robbery, might likely cause Wan’s death by beating Wan
until he was almost unconscious. Further, Daniel did not participate in the
assault on Wan.

49 In his oral submissions, counsel for Daniel contended that the Appellants’
common intention, if any, did not go beyond an agreement to rob. He argued
that even if Daniel knew that Bala had the baseball bat with him at the
material time, it did not necessarily follow that he knew that Bala would use
the baseball bat to inflict on Wan bodily injury which was sufficient in the
ordinary course of nature to cause death (hereafter referred to as “s 300(_c_)
injury”). Counsel also contended that no medical evidence was adduced as to
the degree of force necessary to either render a person unconscious or inflict
on him s 300(_c_) injury.

Christopher’s submissions

50 The main submissions by Christopher against his conviction were as follows:

(a) The Judge erred in fact and in law in relying on the retracted parts of
the statements made by Bala and Daniel, which incriminated Christopher. In
this connection, the Judge:

(i) did not place adequate weight on the reasons given by Daniel as to why he
had initially falsely incriminated himself and Christopher in respect of
Bala’s assault on Wan;

(ii) did not give adequate weight to the explanation by Bala as to why he had
falsely claimed in his statements to the police that Daniel and Christopher
were the ones who had assaulted Wan; and

(iii) did not state what weight he placed on the retracted parts of the
statements of Bala and Daniel.

(b) The Judge erred in fact and in law in not placing any weight on that part
of the evidence of Bala and Daniel which corroborated Christopher’s evidence.
In this connection, the Judge:

(i) ignored the evidence of Bala and Daniel (in particular, the evidence of
the former, who had no motivation to lie), which exculpated Christopher;

(ii) erred in failing to find that Christopher was not aware of a pre-arranged
plan to commit robbery as he had only been asked to drive Lorry 9520 to a
designated spot; and

(iii) erred in failing to find that Christopher could not have anticipated
that violence would be used in furtherance of the Appellants’ common intention
to commit robbery and that Bala would assault Wan using, specifically, the
baseball bat.

(c) The Judge erred in finding that the retracted parts of Christopher’s
statements were true and in failing to place adequate weight on Christopher’s
oral testimony at the trial.

(d) The Judge erred in law in failing to explain clearly his reasons for
convicting Christopher of murder under s 302 of the Penal Code read with s 34
and, in particular, in failing to explain the relevance of _Lee Chez Kee (CA)_
as the basis for imputing constructive liability to Christopher for the murder
arising from the criminal act committed by Bala (_viz_ , the assault on Wan).

(e) The Judge erred in fact and in law in imputing constructive liability to
Christopher for the murder arising from the criminal act committed by Bala as
Christopher had not participated in that criminal act.

(f) The Judge erred in finding that Christopher shared the common intention to
commit robbery as Christopher had been involved only as a last-minute
replacement driver. Furthermore, the Judge erred in finding that Christopher
had subjective knowledge that there was a likelihood of violence being
committed against Wan.

51 In his oral submissions, counsel for Christopher argued that the Judge
should not have relied on the retracted parts of Christopher’s statements to
find Christopher guilty of murder as Daniel and Bala, who had implicated him
in the robbery, had subsequently retracted the incriminating parts of their
statements. Counsel emphasised that Christopher had not known about the
robbery plan or any plan to assault Wan so as to render him unconscious as
Christopher had stepped in merely as a last-minute replacement driver. Counsel
also submitted that since Daniel and Christopher had the opportunity to
discuss between themselves what they would tell the police (a fact which the
Prosecution did not challenge), the Judge should have given little or no
weight to their admissions in relation to their roles in the alleged plan to
rob Wan and to beat him up so as to facilitate the commission of the robbery.

The Prosecution’s submissions on appeal

52 The Prosecution’s main submissions on appeal can be summarised as follows:

(a) The offence of s 300(_c_) murder had been made out _vis-à-vis_ Bala, and
none of the defences for murder was applicable.

(b) The evidence against Daniel and Christopher showed that they had prior
knowledge of a plan to commit robbery of mobile phones which were being
transported as well as to assault the driver of the targeted lorry with the
baseball bat until he was unconscious so as to facilitate the commission of
the robbery.

(c) Daniel and Christopher did not provide any satisfactory explanation for
retracting the incriminating parts of their statements.

(d) Daniel and Christopher clearly participated in the offence of murder (in
respect of which they were charged) as well as the offence of robbery (in
respect of which they were not charged).

(e) The evidence showed that “[Daniel] was aware that [Wan] might be badly
assaulted in [the course of] the robbery and might receive a bodily injury
sufficient in the ordinary course of nature to cause death”,[note: 27] and
that Christopher was aware that the baseball bat “might be used”[note: 28] to
assault Wan.

Our decision on the conviction of Bala

53 Even though Bala decided, at the hearing before this court on 13 November
2008, not to proceed with the present appeal in so far as his conviction was
concerned (a decision which he subsequently confirmed at the hearing before us
on 9 April 2009), it is incumbent on this court to nonetheless consider
whether Bala’s conviction was correct both in law and in fact as it formed the
foundation for the convictions of Daniel and Christopher.

54 The offence of s 300(_c_) murder is defined in the Penal Code as follows:

**300**. Except in the cases hereinafter excepted culpable homicide is murder
—

...

(_c_) if it is done with _the intention of causing bodily injury_ to any
person, _and the bodily injury intended to be inflicted is sufficient in the
ordinary course of nature to cause death_ ;

…

[emphasis added]

55 Having regard to the evidence, and applying the test set out in _Virsa
Singh_ (“the _Virsa Singh_ test”) (see [38] above), we are of the view that
Bala was properly convicted of s 300(_c_) murder as he had intentionally
inflicted on Wan, using the baseball bat, s 300(_c_) injury which caused the
death of Wan (see the evidence of Dr Teo as summarised at [41] of the GD). We
accordingly affirm the Judge’s conviction of Bala for murder.

56 For completeness, we should state that the defences relied on by Bala
(_viz_ , the defences of sudden fight and provocation), which the Judge
rejected (see sub-paras (e) and (f) of [37] above), were correctly rejected on
the evidence. In our view, the circumstances and the manner in which Wan was
assaulted indicated that the defences of sudden fight and provocation were
clearly inherently improbable.

The convictions of Daniel and Christopher

Key issues to consider _vis-à-vis_ Daniel and Christopher

57 Turning now to Daniel and Christopher’s convictions, in our view, the
Judge’s findings that (a) Daniel and Christopher, together with Bala, had a
common intention to rob Wan and (b) Daniel and Christopher participated in the
robbery cannot be challenged on the evidence. Having regard to these finding
as well as the Judge’s findings mentioned at [37]–[39] and [43]–[45] above,
the key issues to be considered in this appeal are:

(a) first, whether Bala’s assault on Wan was in furtherance of the Appellants’
common intention to rob Wan (“Issue (a)”); and

(b) second, whether the _LCK_ requirement was satisfied with respect to Daniel
and Christopher on the evidence (“Issue (b)”).

We shall now examine these issues _seriatim_.

Issue (a): Was Bala’s assault on Wan in furtherance of the Appellants’ common
intention?

58 Issue (a) – _viz_ , whether Bala’s assault on Wan was in furtherance of the
Appellants’ common intention to rob Wan – is a question of fact. The Judge
held at [51] of the GD that “[t]he [Appellants] knew that violence would be
necessary … to facilitate the commission of the robbery”, and that “[Bala’s]
brutal assault was undoubtedly in furtherance of [the Appellants’] common
intention to commit robbery of the goods in [L]orry 815” (see, likewise, [51]
of the GD). The question which we have to consider is whether this finding is
correct, _ie_ : was the Judge right to hold that Bala’s brutal assault on Wan
was _in furtherance of_ the Appellants’ common intention to rob Wan because it
_facilitated_ the robbery?

59 We have grave doubts about the correctness of this finding by the Judge in
the light of the fact that:

(a) the Judge found that the Appellants had a common intention to rob Wan, but
had no common intention to kill him or cause his death; and

(b) the Judge did not make any finding that the Appellants had a common
intention to knock Wan unconscious, let alone a common intention to do so by
hitting his head with the baseball bat (_ie_ , let alone a common intention to
cause a specific injury to Wan).

In the circumstances, we find it difficult to accept that Bala’s assault on
Wan to facilitate the robbery was in furtherance of the Appellants’ common
intention to rob Wan. Certainly, it can be said that Bala’s assault on Wan
furthered the robbery and contributed to its success. But, Daniel and
Christopher might not necessarily have agreed to carry out the robbery at all
costs, to the extent, for example, of causing Wan grievous hurt or killing
him. There was no finding in the present case that Daniel and Christopher had
a common intention with Bala to assault Wan in the way that Bala actually did.
The Judge found that Daniel and Christopher stood by while Bala assaulted Wan,
but he stopped short of finding that Daniel and Christopher participated in
the assault in some way. In the light of these findings, we are unable to
accept that Bala’s assault on Wan was done in furtherance of the Appellants’
common intention to rob Wan as that common intention did not encompass
assaulting Wan. The assault on Wan was inconsistent with or, at least, outside
the scope of the Appellants’ common intention to rob Wan.

60 To provide a clearer illustration of this point, suppose A and B plan to
abduct C with a common intention to rape her: they carry out the abduction
successfully and confine C in a flat for the purpose of raping her. A,
however, molests C instead of raping her. A’s act of molestation may be said
to be consistent with A and B’s common intention to rape C, rape being a more
serious sexual offence than sexual molest. Alternatively, suppose A were to
sodomise C: it may be argued (although this should not be taken as
representing our definitive opinion on this point) that A’s act of sodomy is
also consistent with A and B’s common intention to rape C if the common
intention to commit rape is pitched at the level of abstraction of a common
intention to commit an offence of a sexual nature, like sexual assault or
sexual molest. But, suppose A, in the course of raping C, were to suffocate
her with a pillow while trying to stop her from screaming: in this situation,
it _cannot_ be said that because A’s act of suffocating C furthered the rape
of C, the suffocation was therefore in furtherance of A and B’s common
intention to rape C. Instead, the suffocation of C would be inconsistent with
or, at least, in excess of the criminal act commonly intended by A and B
(which was the rape of C).

61 In the context of the requirement of consistency between the criminal act
done by the actual doer which gives rise to the offence charged and the
criminal act commonly intended by all the above offenders, the above scenario
may be compared with the scenario that occurred in _Ike Mohamed Yasin bin
Hussin v Public Prosecutor_ [1974–1976] SLR(R) 596 (“ _Mohamed Yasin_ ”). In
that case, the common object of the appellant and one Harun bin Ripin (“HBP”),
the appellant’s co-accused at the trial stage, was burglary (see _Mohamed
Yasin_ at [6]). As the appellant and HBP were trying to overpower the victim,
the victim’s trousers fell off. On seeing this, the appellant was overcome by
desire and raped the victim while HBP ransacked the hut (HBP did not
participate in the rape at all). While raping the victim, the appellant sat on
her chest, fracturing a number of her ribs. When the appellant finished raping
the victim, he discovered that she was dead. The evidence showed that the
fractures to the victim’s ribs had caused congestion of the victim’s lungs,
resulting in a heart attack.

62 The appellant and HBP were subsequently arrested and charged with
committing murder in furtherance of a common intention under s 302 of the
Penal Code read with s 34. The trial judges convicted the appellant of murder.
In contrast, they acquitted HBP of murder and convicted him of robbery by
night (_ie_ , robbery committed after 7.00pm and before 7.00am (see s 392 of
the Penal Code)) on the ground that the death of the victim was not caused by
any act done by the appellant in furtherance of his and HBP’s common object to
commit burglary, but was instead caused by an act “done in furtherance of _the
appellant’s own unpremeditated impulse_ to have sexual intercourse with the
victim” [emphasis added] (see _Mohamed Yasin_ at [6]). Only the appellant
appealed against his conviction – _ie_ , the case effectively became a non-s
34 case at the appellate stage. The appeal was dismissed by the CCA (see
_Mohamed Yasin bin Hussin v Public Prosecutor_ [1974–1976] SLR(R) 218). The
appellant then appealed further to the Privy Council, which held (in _Mohamed
Yasin_) that the appellant had not intended to cause the victim the type of
injury which was in fact caused (_viz_ , fracture of the ribs). Lord Diplock,
who delivered the judgment of the Privy Council, stated:

9 … The lacuna in the Prosecution’s case which the trial judges overlooked was
_the need to show that, when the [appellant] sat forcibly on the victim’s
chest in order to subdue her struggles, he intended to inflict upon her the
kind of bodily injury which, as a matter of scientific fact, was sufficiently
grave to cause the death of a normal human being of the victim’s apparent age
and build even though he himself may not have had sufficient medical knowledge
to be aware that its gravity was such as to make it likely to prove fatal_.

10 There was no finding of fact by the trial judges that this was the
appellant’s intention; nor, in their Lordships’ view, was there any evidence
upon which an inference that such was his intention could have been based. …
[T]o fall on someone’s chest, even forcibly, is something which occurs
frequently in many ordinary sports, … and though it may cause temporary pain,
it is most unusual for it to result in internal injuries at all, let alone
fatal injuries.

[emphasis added]

The Privy Council thus set aside the appellant’s conviction for s 300(_c_)
murder and substituted it with a conviction for the offence under s 304A of
the Penal Code of causing death by doing a rash act not amounting to culpable
homicide.

63 Although _Mohamed Yasin_ did not involve s 34 at the appellate stage (both
before the CCA and before the PC), it was a s 34 case before the High Court,
where HBP was acquitted of murder. Given the decision of the Privy Council
that the appellant was also not guilty of murder, both the High Court’s
decision _vis-à-vis_ HBP and the Privy Council’s decision _vis-à-vis_ the
appellant were consistent with the principle that the appellant and HBP should
not be held liable for murder under s 302 of the Penal Code read with s 34 as
they did not have a common intention to inflict on the victim the specific
injury which caused her death. Suppose, however, that in _Mohamed Yasin_ , HBP
had also been overcome by sexual desire upon seeing the victim’s trousers fall
off and had spontaneously formed a common intention with the appellant to rape
the victim, and had subsequently been charged with the offence of murder under
s 302 of the Penal Code read with s 34: in that scenario, it can be inferred
from the reasoning of the Privy Council that it would have ruled that the
appellant’s criminal act of fracturing the victim’s ribs was inconsistent with
or, at least, in excess of the criminal act commonly intended by the appellant
and HBP (_viz_ , forcible sexual intercourse with the victim), and would not
have held HBP constructively liable for murder under s 302 read with s 34.

64 Reverting to the facts of the present case, the Judge held that:

(a) all the Appellants “knew that violence would be necessary to overpower and
incapacitate Wan (to the extent [that] he would not be able to resist and to
identify them) in order to facilitate the commission of the robbery” (see the
GD at [51]);

(b) Daniel “knew that [Wan] would be assaulted as part of the [robbery] plan”
(see the GD at [36]); and

(c) Christopher likewise had “full knowledge of … the fact that Wan would be
assaulted by [Bala]” (see the GD at [52]).

65 In our view, knowledge is not the same as intention (see [87]–[90] below),
and, therefore, the presence of the knowledge found by the Judge was
insufficient to justify the conclusion that there was a common intention among
the Appellants to use violence against Wan. Bala himself might have had such
an intention (having regard to the fact that he was the one who assaulted Wan
during the robbery as well as to the manner in which he carried out that
assault), but it cannot be said that Daniel and Christopher would necessarily
have shared this intention. It follows that the ruling by the Judge that
Bala’s criminal act was in furtherance of the Appellants’ common intention to
rob Wan was not supported by his findings of fact. In this regard, we note
that in _Rex v Vincent Banka & Anor_ [1936] MLJ 53 (“ _Vincent Banka_ ”),
where one of the two accused stabbed the victim to death in the course of a
robbery (it was not clear from the evidence which of the accused actually
inflicted the fatal wound on the victim), Huggard CJ _rejected_ the following
argument by the Prosecution (at 54):

[I]nasmuch as the fatal wound was inflicted in carrying out a common intention
on the part of both accused to rob the [victim] – in other words, a common
intention to commit a crime involving violence – it was immaterial which of
the two had inflicted the wound, and … by virtue of section 34 of the Penal
Code[,] both the accused were equally guilty of murder.

Issue (b): Was the _LCK_ requirement satisfied with respect to Daniel and
Christopher on the evidence?

66 Turning now to Issue (b) (_viz_ , whether the _LCK_ requirement was
satisfied in respect of Daniel and Christopher on the evidence), we noted
earlier (at [45] above) that although the Judge found that the Appellants knew
that violence would be necessary in order to facilitate the commission of the
robbery and that Daniel and Christopher knew that Wan would be assaulted as
part of the robbery plan, he ultimately found that the Appellants had not
planned to kill Wan or cause his death. In our view, these two findings are
insufficient to satisfy the _LCK_ requirement. There was no finding that
Daniel and Christopher had subjective knowledge that Bala might likely commit
the criminal act actually committed which resulted in the offence with which
the Appellants were charged. In our view, these two findings are a far cry
from a finding that Daniel and Christopher subjectively knew that Bala might
likely inflict s 300(_c_) injury on Wan in furtherance of the Appellants’
common intention to commit robbery. Indeed, since (as the Judge held at [40]
and [52] of the GD) the Appellants had no intention to either kill Wan or
cause his death, there would have been no cause or reason for Daniel and
Christopher to suspect, much less subjectively know, that Bala might likely
inflict s 300(_c_) injury on Wan in furtherance of the Appellants’ common
intention to rob Wan. In short, the evidence does not establish beyond
reasonable doubt that Daniel and Christopher subjectively knew that Bala might
likely cause Wan s 300(_c_) injury in furtherance of the Appellants’ common
intention to commit robbery.

67 The evidence is clear that Daniel and Christopher stood by (or, to be more
precise where Daniel is concerned, waited in Lorry 9520) silently – and,
according to Daniel’s testimony, helplessly – while Bala assaulted Wan. In our
view, the fact that neither Daniel nor Christopher did anything to stop Bala
from assaulting Wan so viciously does not entail that they therefore
subjectively knew that Bala might likely inflict s 300(_c_) injury on Wan in
furtherance of the Appellants’ common intention to commit robbery. The Judge’s
finding that the Appellants had not planned to kill Wan or cause his death
would support the inference that Daniel and Christopher did not have
subjective knowledge that Bala might likely inflict s 300(_c_) injury on Wan
in furtherance of the Appellants’ common intention to rob Wan. This might also
explain their passivity at the material time.

68 The next point which we need to consider is whether it may be argued that
all that is needed to satisfy the _LCK_ requirement in the present case (which
involves, specifically, the offence of s 300(_c_) murder) is proof that Daniel
and Christopher had subjective knowledge that some form of _hurt_ (whether
simple or “grievous” within the meaning of s 320 of the Penal Code) might
likely be caused to Wan in furtherance of the Appellants’ common intention to
commit robbery. This would not be an unreasonable approach, having regard to
the established law (_ie_ , the law laid down in _Virsa Singh_ (see [38]
above)) on how s 300(_c_) of the Penal Code should be applied. In other words,
what we need to consider is: how specific must the secondary offender’s
subjective knowledge of the collateral criminal act which might likely be
committed by the actual doer be for the purposes of satisfying the _LCK_
requirement? To answer this question (which we shall hereafter refer to as
“the ‘degree of specificity’ question” for convenience), we must first examine
this court’s decision in _Lee Chez Kee (CA)_.

69 In that case, the accused (“LCK”) and two others (“Too” and “Ng”) set out
to rob the deceased at his house. In the course of the robbery, LCK stabbed
the deceased. The deceased was then tied up by Too and LCK, and was later
strangled by one of them. LCK was charged with murder committed in furtherance
of a common intention to rob the deceased. LCK denied that he had any part in
the killing of the deceased, and claimed that he had left the house thinking
that the deceased was alive. The trial judge convicted LCK of the charge even
though he did not make a finding that there was a common intention to kill the
deceased (see _Public Prosecutor v Lee Chez Kee_ [2007] 1 SLR(R) 1142). LCK,
in other words, was treated as though he was the actual doer and s 34 was not
applied to determine his guilt.

70 LCK appealed against his conviction. On appeal, this court doubted whether
it was LCK who had strangled the deceased and, accordingly, decided to
consider whether LCK’s conviction could be sustained if s 34 were applied,
even though the trial judge did not find that there was a common intention
between Too and LCK to strangle the deceased (the strangulation of the
deceased was the criminal act which gave rise to the offence charged in _Lee
Chez Kee (CA)_). This court held (_inter alia_) as follows where the law on s
34 was concerned:

(a) In a “twin crime” case, it was not necessary for the secondary offender
(_ie_ , LCK in the case of _Lee Chez Kee (CA)_) to participate in the
collateral criminal act giving rise to the offence charged (which, in _Lee
Chez Kee (CA)_ , was the offence of murder). Instead, it sufficed so long as
he participated in the primary criminal act which was commonly intended by all
the offenders (_ie_ , the acts constituting the robbery of the deceased in the
case of _Lee Chez Kee (CA)_).

(b) The putative _Mimi Wong (CCA)_ test was good law. For s 34 to apply in a
“twin crime” case, it was not necessary for there to be a common intention
among all the offenders to do the collateral criminal act done by the actual
doer. However, before the secondary offender could be held constructively
liable for the offence resulting from that collateral criminal act, the
secondary offender must have subjective knowledge that the actual doer _might
likely_ commit that criminal act (_ie_ , the collateral criminal act giving
rise to the offence charged) in furtherance of all the offenders’ common
intention to carry out a primary criminal act (see _Lee Chez Kee (CA)_ at sub-
para (d) of [253] (also reproduced earlier at [42] above)).

71 On the facts of _Lee Chez Kee (CA)_ , this court held by a majority, _vis-
à-vis_ the requirement set out at sub-para (b) of the preceding paragraph
(_ie_ , the _LCK_ requirement), that LCK had the requisite subjective
knowledge. In this regard, it was held, _inter alia_ , that LCK “must … have
appreciated that the deceased would have to be _killed_ to protect [the]
identities [of LCK and Too] in the light of the harm they had inflicted on
him” [emphasis added] (see _Lee Chez Kee (CA)_ at [262]).

72 Reverting to the “degree of specificity” question posed at [68] above,
where a secondary offender is charged with murder read with s 34, the
particular criminal act whose likely commission he must have subjective
knowledge of, for the purposes of the _LCK_ requirement, depends on the
particular limb of s 300 which is invoked by the Prosecution. Section 300,
part of which was quoted earlier (at [54] above), defines the offence of
murder as follows:

**300**. Except in the cases hereinafter excepted culpable homicide is murder
—

(_a_) if the act by which the death is caused is done with the intention of
causing death;

(_b_) if it is done with the intention of causing such bodily injury as the
offender knows to be likely to cause the death of the person to whom the harm
is caused;

(_c_) if it is done with the intention of causing bodily injury to any person,
and the bodily injury intended to be inflicted is sufficient in the ordinary
course of nature to cause death; or

(_d_) if the person committing the act knows that it is so imminently
dangerous that it must in all probability cause death, or such bodily injury
as is likely to cause death, and commits such act without any excuse for
incurring the risk of causing death, or such injury as aforesaid.

73 As a matter of statutory interpretation, the four limbs of s 300 of the
Penal Code indicate that the criminal act which gives rise to the offence of
murder may take on one of four distinct criminal acts. Accordingly, where s 34
is invoked to hold a secondary offender constructively liable for murder, the
subjective knowledge which he must have is subjective knowledge of the likely
commission of the criminal act that is relevant to the particular limb of s
300 relied upon by the Prosecution. At first glance, this may seem to require
fine distinctions to be drawn between the various limbs of s 300 for the
purposes of imposing constructive liability on a secondary offender pursuant
to s 34. We are, however, of the view that in terms of application, there is,
in substance, little or no difference between subjective knowledge of the
likelihood of one of the criminal acts in s 300 occurring and subjective
knowledge of the likelihood of another of those criminal acts occurring.
Subjective knowledge that any one of the criminal acts set out in s 300 might
likely be committed, whether that criminal act is the one delineated in s
300(_a_), s 300(_b_), s 300(_c_) or s 300(_d_), is in effect simply subjective
knowledge that the victim might likely be killed or fatally injured, whatever
the specific criminal act concerned might be.

74 Leaving aside subsections (_a_), (_b_) and (_d_) of s 300 (all of which are
not applicable in the present case as Bala’s criminal act was found to have
given rise to the offence of s 300(_c_) murder specifically), where a
secondary offender is sought to be made constructively liable pursuant to s 34
for s 300(_c_) murder, the _LCK_ requirement would be satisfied only if the
secondary offender has subjective knowledge of the likelihood of the victim
receiving, specifically, _s 300(_ c _) injury_. This corresponds to the type
of bodily injury which must be inflicted on the victim for the purposes of s
300(_c_) murder. In this respect, it is _not_ sufficient, in our view, for s
34 to apply if the secondary offender merely has subjective knowledge that the
victim might likely suffer _an injury_ (or, for that matter, if the secondary
offender shares a common intention with the actual doer to inflict an injury
on the victim), and that injury is subsequently shown to be of a type which is
sufficiently serious to amount to s 300(_c_) injury.

75 In this regard, it bears emphasis that the _mens rea_ requirement for s
300(_c_) murder is an _element_ of the _substantive offence_ of s 300(_c_)
murder. In contradistinction, s 34 does not create a substantive offence but
merely lays down a principle of liability (see _Mahbub Shah v Emperor_ AIR
(32) 1945 PC 118 (“ _Mahbub Shah_ ”) at 120), and the _LCK_ requirement is
only a _factor_ in determining whether that principle of liability applies.

76 Section 34 imputes _constructive_ liability to a secondary offender by
reference to the doing of a criminal act by the actual doer in furtherance of
a common intention shared by both the actual doer and the secondary offender,
whereas s 300(_c_) imputes _direct_ liability to the actual doer by reference
to an intentional act done by him. Different policy considerations apply when
imputing direct liability for murder and when imputing constructive liability
for that offence. It may be just to hold the actual doer liable for the
offence arising from his own actions, but, in our view, it may not be just to
hold the secondary offender constructively liable for an offence arising from
the criminal act of another person (_viz_ , the actual doer) if the secondary
offender does not have the intention to do that particular criminal act. This
is especially true of serious offences like murder or culpable homicide not
amounting to murder. It does not necessarily follow that the _Virsa Singh_
interpretation of s 300(_c_), which is applicable to the actual doer, is or
should be equally applicable to a secondary offender, especially where the
secondary offender did not inflict any injury on the victim at all. In other
words, as a principle of criminal liability, it may not be unjust or
unreasonable to hold the actual doer liable for s 300(_c_) murder by applying
the _Virsa Singh_ test since (as just mentioned) he was the one who inflicted
the s 300(_c_) injury sustained by the victim. However, it may not be just or
reasonable to apply the _Virsa Singh_ test to hold a secondary offender
constructively liable for s 300(_c_) murder where he had no intention to do
the specific criminal act done by the actual doer which gave rise to the
offence of s 300(_c_) murder, and also did not subjectively know either that
that criminal act might likely be committed or that that criminal act would
result in s 300(_c_) injury to the victim.

77 In the present case (and assuming, _contra_ our finding on Issue (a), that
the inflicting of s 300(_c_) injury on Wan by Bala was in furtherance of the
Appellants’ common intention to rob Wan), the evidence, as already indicated
at [66]–[67] above, _does not_ show that Daniel and Christopher had subjective
knowledge that Bala might likely inflict s 300(_c_) injury on Wan in
furtherance of the Appellants’ common intention. Accordingly, we answer Issue
(b) in the _negative_ ; _ie_ , on the evidence, it cannot be said that the
_LCK_ requirement was satisfied with respect to Daniel and Christopher. It
follows that their convictions for murder have to be set aside (_cf_ the
decision in _Lee Chez Kee (CA)_ , where this court upheld (by a majority)
LCK’s conviction of murder under s 302 of the Penal Code read with s 34 on,
_inter alia_ , the basis that LCK “must … have appreciated that the deceased
would have to be killed to protect [the] identities [of LCK and Too] in the
light of the harm they had inflicted on him” (at [262])).

Our decision on the convictions of Daniel and Christopher

78 Our decision on Issue (a) and Issue (b) suffices to dispose of this appeal
where Daniel and Christopher’s convictions for murder are concerned. These
convictions are to be set aside. In substitution, Daniel and Christopher are
to be convicted of robbery with hurt under s 394 of the Penal Code read with s
34 (see [185] below for our directions on sentencing).

The state of the law on s 34

79 At the beginning of this judgment, we expressed concern that more than 130
years after the enactment of s 34, the law on this provision is still
unsettled (see [3] above). We shall now revisit s 34 to see how this state of
affairs came about. We start by examining the origins of the phrase “in
furtherance of the common intention of all” in s 34 and how it came to be made
part of this section.

Origins of the phrase “in furtherance of the common intention of all”

80 Section 34 can be traced back to s 34 of the Penal Code 1860 (Act 45 of
1860) (India) (“the IPC”), which, in its _original_ form, read as follows:

When a criminal act is done by several persons, each of such persons is liable
for that act in the same manner as if the act were done by him alone.

In 1870, the original version of s 34 of the IPC was amended by the insertion
of the phrase “in furtherance of the common intention of all” (see s 1 of the
Penal Code Amendment Act 1870 (Act 27 of 1870) (India) (“the 1870 IPC
Amendment Act”)). It was this _amended_ version of s 34 of the IPC (hereafter
referred to as “s 34 IPC” for short) which was introduced into our legislation
when the 1871 Penal Code was enacted in 1872. Thus, s 34, as it currently
stands in the Penal Code, reads as follows:

When a criminal act is done by several persons, in furtherance of the common
intention of all, each of such persons is liable for that act in the same
manner as if the act were done by him alone.

81 According to Hari Singh Gour, _The Penal Law of India_ (Law Publishers
(India) Pvt Ltd, 11th Ed, 2000) (“ _Gour_ ”), the insertion of the phrase “in
furtherance of the common intention of all” into the original version of s 34
of the IPC (at vol 1, p 260):

… ma[d]e all the difference between the old section [_ie_ , the original
version of s 34 of the IPC] and the new [_ie_ , s 34 IPC as defined at [80]
above], for without those words the [IPC] would be widely at variance with the
English law, _where a person not cognizant of the intention of his companions
to commit, say, murder, was never liable, though he [might] have joined their
company to commit an unlawful act_. This view was adopted by the Courts in
India, even before the section had been formally amended [citing The Queen v
Gorachand Gope and others (1866) Bengal LR Supp 443]. [emphasis added]

82 It is important to note that even under the then prevailing English
doctrine of common purpose, an accused had to be “cognizant of the intention
of his companions to commit [the offence charged]” (see _Gour_ at vol 1, p
260) before he could be made constructively liable for that offence. The law
of common intention, like the law of common purpose, is concerned with the
imposition of constructive liability on a secondary offender for an offence
(or offences) arising from a criminal act committed by the actual doer.
However, the amendment effected by s 1 of the 1870 IPC Amendment Act went
further than the English doctrine of common purpose by requiring that the
criminal act done by the actual doer which gave rise to the offence charged
had to be done in furtherance of the common intention of all the offenders
(_ie_ , both the actual doer and the secondary offender(s)), instead of merely
requiring the secondary offender to be “cognizant of the intention of his
companions” (see _Gour_ at vol 1, p 260).

83 In _Barendra Kumar Ghosh v Emperor_ AIR 1925 PC 1 (“ _Barendra (PC)_ ”),
the Privy Council explained the rationale of the amendment effected by s 1 of
the 1870 IPC Amendment Act as follows (_per_ Lord Sumner at 9):

Really the amendment is an amendment, in any true sense of the word, only if
_the original object was to punish participants by making one man answerable
for what another does, provided what is done is done in furtherance of a
common intention_ , and if the amendment then defines more precisely the
conditions under which this vicarious or collective liability arises.
[emphasis added]

84 In _Ibra Akanda and others v Emperor_ AIR (31) 1944 Cal 339 (“ _Ibra
Akanda_ ”), Khundkar J provided a similar explanation of the purpose of the
amendment made by s 1 of the 1870 IPC Amendment Act. He said (at 361):

_[T]he real operation of S. 34 was to take a completed criminal act, and then_
**_to attribute the whole of that criminal act_** _, (by which is meant the
physical act plus its effects or consequences, e.g., beating plus death or
beating plus hurt)_ , **_to each separate doer of a fractional portion of the
act_** _, (e.g., each person who struck a blow)_. The new words [_viz_ , “in
furtherance of the common intention of all”] were introduced into the section
merely for making express what was already implicit, which was that **_the
section would not have its operation of attributing the entire criminal act to
one individual doer of a fraction of that act, unless the fractional act was
one which helped on a purpose which was shared by all the individual doers_**.
The object of the amendment was to make it plain that this rule would have
application only where a nexus existed between the minds of individual doers.
To express the mental nexus the phrase “common intention” was used, and this
it is that has given rise to some confusion in a matter which ought to be
essentially simple. [emphasis added in italics and bold italics]

85 In _Lee Chez Kee (CA)_ , V K Rajah JA, proceeding on the premise that the
putative _Mimi Wong (CCA)_ test was established law, examined the drafting
history of s 34 IPC extensively and thereafter formulated the _LCK_
requirement to align s 34 with the English doctrine of common purpose. The
requirement of knowledge in the English doctrine of common purpose was
recently reaffirmed in _Regina v Rahman and others_ [2009] 1 AC 129 (“
_Rahman_ ”), where the House of Lords held that a secondary offender would be
made constructively liable for a crime committed by the actual doer if the
secondary offender had foresight of what the actual doer might do (as opposed
to foresight of the undeclared intention with which the actual doer might
commit the crime in question). _Rahman_ was subsequently applied in _R v
Mendez and another_ [2010] 3 All ER 231 (“ _Mendez_ ”), where the English
Court of Appeal stated that the following proposition was sound in principle
as well as consistent with _Regina v Powell (Anthony) and Another_ [1999] 1 AC
1 and _Rahman_ (see _Mendez_ at [45] _per_ Toulson LJ):

In cases where _the common purpose is not to kill but to cause serious harm_ ,
D [_ie_ , the secondary offender] is not liable for the murder of V [_ie_ ,
the victim] if the direct cause of V’s death was a deliberate act by P [_ie_ ,
the actual doer] which was of a kind (a) unforeseen by D and (b) likely to be
altogether more life-threatening than acts of the kind intended or foreseen by
D. [emphasis added]

86 At this juncture, it is pertinent to note the Privy Council’s comments in
_Barendra (PC)_ as to how the IPC should be construed (at 8):

That the criminal law of India is prescribed by and, so far as it goes, is
contained in the [IPC], that accordingly (as the [IPC] itself shows) the
criminal law of India and that of England differ in sundry respects, and that
the [IPC] has first of all to be construed in accordance with its natural
meaning and irrespective of any assumed intention on the part of its framers
to leave unaltered the law as it existed before, are[,] though common-places,
considerations which it is important never to forget. It is, however, equally
true that the [IPC] must not be assumed to have sought to introduce
differences from the prior law.

In this passage, the Privy Council cautioned that the IPC should be construed
in accordance with its natural meaning as the criminal law of India
“differ[ed] in sundry respects” (see _Barendra (PC)_ at 8) from English
criminal law, and, thus, the IPC should not be assumed to have imported
English criminal law as it stood in 1870, when (as mentioned at [80] above)
the original version of s 34 of the IPC was amended (the same applies _mutatis
mutandis_ to the construction of the Penal Code). At the same time, the Privy
Council indicated (and this consideration likewise applies _mutatis mutandis_
to the provisions of the Penal Code), English criminal law could not be wholly
irrelevant where the provisions of the IPC were not clear on their face (see
also _Ibra Akanda_ at 359 _per_ Khundkar J).

87 In our view, the requirement of _common intention_ is, in principle, a
_more exacting requirement_ than the _LCK_ requirement of subjective knowledge
for the purposes of imposing constructive liability. If A and B have a common
intention only to rob C but not to physically harm C, and A joins B in robbing
C even though he has subjective knowledge that B has a history of using
violence, it does not follow – assuming B does indeed use violence against C
in the course of carrying out the robbery – that A had a common intention with
B to use violence against C; A might simply have been callous about or
indifferent to the fate of C. Even if A was aware that B was carrying a knife
with him when they set out together to rob C, a court would be more likely to
infer merely that A had subjective knowledge that B might likely use the knife
to hurt or kill C in the course of carrying out the robbery, as opposed to
inferring that A, by going along with B to rob C in those circumstances,
spontaneously formed a common intention with B to rob and, if necessary, to
use the knife to hurt or kill C so as to carry out the robbery.

88 The difference between knowledge and intention is succinctly summarised in
Glanville L Williams, _Jurisprudence by Sir John Salmond_ (Sweet & Maxwell
Limited, 10th Ed, 1947) as follows (at pp 380–381):

[H]e who intends a result usually knows that it will follow, and he who knows
the consequences of his act usually intends them. But there may be intention
without knowledge, the consequence being desired but not foreknown as certain
or even probable. Conversely, there may be knowledge without intention, the
consequence being foreknown as the inevitable concomitant of that which is
desired, but being itself an object of repugnance rather than desire, and
therefore not intended. When King David ordered Uriah the Hittite to be set in
the forefront of the hottest battle, he intended the death of Uriah only, yet
he knew for a certainty that many others of his men would fall at the same
time and place.

89 Admittedly, in certain circumstances, the line between subjective knowledge
that a particular criminal act might likely occur and a common intention to do
that particular act may be rather thin. Depending on the circumstances of the
case, subjective knowledge may be evidence of the existence of a particular
intention. Thus, in _Public Prosecutor v Lee Chin Guan_ [1991] 2 SLR(R) 762 (“
_Lee Chin Guan_ ”), M Karthigesu J held (at [34]) that “[k]nowledge [was] an
essential element in coming to a conclusion as to whether there was or was not
a common intention”.

90 In a similar vein, the Full Bench of the High Court of Rangoon stated in
_Emperor v Nga Aung Thein and another_ AIR 1935 Rang 89 (“ _Nga Aung Thein_ ”)
at 92:

Knowledge is not the same thing as intention. Nevertheless if a man knows that
a certain course of action in which he is taking part will under certain
circumstances most probably result in death being caused, and still, with that
knowledge, persists in his course of action, and death is caused owing to the
eventuality which he has foreseen taking place, it may give rise to a
legitimate deduction that he intended the causing of death if that eventuality
did occur, and he would then be liable as though he had caused that death
himself.

We would also draw attention to the following comments by Sir Barnes Peacock
CJ (who was involved in the drafting of the IPC) in the Indian case of _The
Queen v Gorachand Gope and others_ (1866) Bengal LR Supp 443 (“ _Gorachand
Gope_ ”) at 456–457:

[W]hen several persons are in company together engaged in one common purpose,
lawful or unlawful, and one of … them, without the knowledge or consent of the
others commits an offence, the others will not be involved in the guilt,
unless the act done was in some manner in furtherance of the common intention.
It is also said, although a man is present when a felony is committed, if he
take[s] no part in it, and do[es] not act in concert with those who commit it,
he will not be a principal merely because he did not endeavour to prevent it
or to apprehend the felon. But if several persons go out together for the
purpose of apprehending a man and taking him to the thannah [_ie_ , the police
station] on a charge of theft, and some of the party in the presence of the
others beat and ill-treat the man in a cruel and violent manner, and the
others stand by and look on without endeavouring to dissuade them from their
cruel and violent conduct, it appears to me that those who have to deal with
the facts might very properly infer that they were all assenting parties and
acting in concert, and that the beating was in furtherance of a common design.

The key elements of s 34

91 Let us now examine the key elements of s 34. As can be seen from the
wording of s 34 itself, three elements must be present before constructive
liability can be imposed pursuant to this section, namely:

(a) the criminal act element (see the words “a criminal act”);

(b) the common intention element (see the words “in furtherance of the common
intention of all”); and

(c) the participation element (see the words “a criminal act … done by several
persons”).

The criminal act element

92 The law on the criminal act element of s 34 is settled. The “criminal act”
in s 34 refers to the aggregate of all the diverse acts done by the actual
doer and the secondary offenders, which diverse acts collectively give rise to
the offence or offences that the actual doer and the secondary offenders are
charged with. It is “ _that_** _unity of criminal behaviour_** , _which
results in something, for which an individual would be punishable, if it were
all done by himself alone, that is, in a criminal offence_ ” [emphasis added
in italics and bold italics ] (see _Barendra (PC)_ at 9, which is also quoted
at [94] below).

93 In the decision of the Full Bench of the High Court of Calcutta in _The
King Emperor v Barendra Kumar Ghose_ AIR 1924 Cal 257 (“ _Barendra (FB)_ ”),
Cuming J said (at 312) in respect of the corresponding words in s 34 IPC:

It is impossible to conceive [of] two individuals doing identically the same
act. Such a thing is impossible. **_Therefore to have any meaning, the
expression “criminal act done by several persons” must contemplate an act
which can be divided into parts[,] each part being executed by a different
person, the whole making up the criminal act which was the common intention of
all_** _. To put it in another way the one criminal act may be regarded as
made up of a number of acts done by the individual conspirators, the result of
their individual acts being the criminal act which was the common intention of
them all_. [emphasis added in italics and bold italics]

The sentence in bold italics in the above quotation makes it clear that the
criminal act done by the actual doer which results in the offence charged must
have been commonly intended by all the offenders. The putative _Mimi Wong
(CCA)_ test, it may be noted, is inconsistent with this statement because it
does not require all the offenders to have a common intention to do the
criminal act done by the actual doer which gives rise to the offence charged.

94 On appeal from the decision in _Barendra (FB)_ , the Privy Council (_per_
Lord Sumner) approved Cuming J’s statement and restated the meaning of the
words “a criminal act” as follows (see _Barendra (PC)_ at 6–9):

By S. 33 [of the IPC,] a criminal act in S. 34 includes a series of acts and,
further “act” includes omission to act, for example, an omission to interfere
in order to prevent a murder being done before one’s very eyes. … Read
together, [ss 33, 34, 37 and 38 of the IPC] are reasonably plain. S. 34 deals
with _the doing of separate acts, similar or diverse by several persons_ ; if
all are done in furtherance of a common intention, each person is liable for
the result of them all, as if he had done them himself, for _“that act” and
“the act” in the latter part of the section must include the whole action
covered by “a criminal act” in the first part, because they refer to it_.

…

… In other words “a criminal act” means _that unity of criminal behaviour_ ,
_which results in something, for which an individual would be punishable, if
it were all done by himself alone, that is, in a criminal offence_.

[emphasis added]

95 To sum up, according to the above passages from _Barendra (FB)_ and
_Barendra (PC)_ , the criminal act referred to in s 34 IPC (and, likewise, s
34) must result in an offence which, if done by an individual alone, would be
punishable. If all the separate and several acts forming the unity of criminal
behaviour (_ie_ , the criminal act) are done in furtherance of a common
intention to engage in such behaviour, all the offenders who shared in that
common intention are liable for the offence resulting from that unity of
criminal behaviour. (We should add that in _Barendra (PC)_ , which was a “twin
crime” case, the criminal act, so understood, resulted in two different
offences, _viz_ , robbery and murder.)

96 We turn now to the common intention element of s 34.

The common intention element

97 Section 34 attributes constructive liability to joint offenders where the
criminal act (as described at [92]–[95] above) is done by one or more of them
“in furtherance of the common intention of all”. It is therefore crucial, in
every case, to identify the common intention in furtherance of which the
criminal act was done. In this regard, we note that it is often difficult, if
not impossible, for the Prosecution to procure direct evidence that a common
intention existed between all the offenders. Thus, the existence (or
otherwise) of such a common intention must frequently be inferred from the
offenders’ conduct and all the other relevant circumstances of the case.

98 In the context of s 34, the common intention of the offenders must be to do
something or to achieve some goal or purpose. The crucial question is: to do
or achieve what? The putative _Mimi Wong (CCA)_ test, broadly speaking,
rejects the notion that there must be a common intention among all the
offenders to do the criminal act done by the actual doer which gives rise to
the offence charged; instead, it merely requires the existence of a common
intention to engage in some form of criminal conduct, in furtherance of which
the criminal act giving rise to the offence charged is done by the actual
doer. The question is whether the putative _Mimi Wong (CCA)_ test is the
correct interpretation of s 34. In our view, this vexed issue of what common
intention must be present may be answered by examining two of the leading
Privy Council cases on s 34 IPC, _viz_ , _Barendra (PC)_ and _Mahbub Shah_.
These two decisions are still good law in India.

99 Before we examine these two Indian cases, we should highlight that s 34
refers to “a _criminal act_ ” [emphasis added], and not an _offence_ ,
committed by several persons – _ie_ , strictly speaking, the common intention
of all the offenders must be a common intention to do a criminal act, as
opposed to a common intention to commit an offence. The fact remains, however,
that the criminal act done by the actual doer gives rise to the offence which
the secondary offenders are charged with; if that is not in fact the case, s
34 would not be applicable at all. Thus, in practical terms, it is in many
(although not all) cases immaterial whether the offenders’ common intention is
characterised as a common intention to do a criminal act or as a common
intention to commit an offence (in this regard, see also [116] below). For
instance, suppose A, B and C have a common intention to stab D so as to cause
him grievous hurt, and A proceeds to stab D, causing him grievous hurt as a
result: in this scenario, the relevant criminal act for the purposes of s 34
is the stabbing of D, while the offence resulting from that criminal act is
the offence of causing grievous hurt. Although A, B and C’s common intention
should (on a strict, literal reading of s 34) be characterised as a common
intention to stab D, we are of the view that it would not be inappropriate to
characterise it as, instead, a common intention to cause grievous hurt to D.
Similarly, if A, B and C have a common intention to stab D in the heart and A
does so, killing D as a result, it is, in our view, immaterial whether A, B
and C’s common intention is characterised as a common intention to stab D in
the heart or as a common intention to murder D.

(1) Leading Indian cases

(A) _Barendra (PC)_

100 In _Barendra (PC)_ , a group of robbers set out to rob a postmaster and,
if necessary, to shoot him to kill should he resist. The postmaster resisted
the robbery, and the robbers fired shots at him, one of which killed him. The
accused (“BKG”) was charged with murder (the rest of the culprits were not
charged as they managed to escape arrest). His defence was that he had told
his confederates that he did not want to harm the postmaster and that he had
not fired his gun. There was some evidence that BKG might have fired his gun
as the bullet that killed the postmaster matched the bore of the gun found in
BKG’s possession. However, there was no evidence as to whether the other
robbers had used the same type of gun.

101 At the trial, Page J gave the following direction to the jury (see
_Barendra (FB)_ at 260–261):

Therefore in this case if [the robbers] went to that place with _a common
intention to rob the Post Master and if necessary to kill him_ and if death
resulted, each of them is liable whichever of [them] fired the fatal shot.

_If you come to the conclusion that [the robbers] came into the Post Office
with that intention to rob and if necessary to kill and death resulted from
their act, if that be so, you are bound to find a verdict of guilty_.

_I say if you doubt that it was the pistol of [BKG] which fired the fatal
shot, that does not matter. If you are satisfied on the other hand that the
shot was fired by one of [the robbers] in furtherance of the common intention,
if that be so[,] then it is your duty to find a verdict of guilty_.

[emphasis added]

102 The jury direction given by Page J was very clear. He did not direct the
jury to find BKG guilty if they found that the robbers had shot the postmaster
in furtherance of the common intention to rob the postmaster _per se_.
Instead, he directed the jury to find BKG guilty only if they were satisfied
that the shot which killed the postmaster had been fired in furtherance of the
common intention “to rob _and if necessary to kill_ ” [emphasis added] (see
_Barendra (FB)_ at 261). The jury direction was predicated on a common
intention to kill as the animating intention. (The jury was further directed
that for BKG to be found guilty of murder, it was not necessary for him to
have fired the fatal shot or to have fired any shot at all, _ie_ , it was not
necessary for him to have participated in the shooting (see further [162]
below).) The jury convicted BKG of murder. The conviction was affirmed by the
Full Bench of the High Court of Calcutta. BKG then appealed to the Privy
Council.

103 Before the Privy Council, BKG repeated the defence which he had relied on
before Page J. Rejecting this argument and upholding the jury direction given
by Page J, the Privy Council said (see _Barendra (PC)_ at 6–8):

Even if [BKG] did nothing as he stood outside the door, it is to be remembered
that in crimes as in other things “they also serve who only stand and wait.” …

…

… [BKG’s] story was much more consistent with participation in the actual
commission of the crime than with mere bodily presence after previous
abetment. Indeed, he says that when he ran away, the others had already
disappeared; thus it would seem that he covered their retreat.

At any rate, his statement supports presence by way of actual participation in
the criminal acts or series of acts by which the post master was killed …

104 In _Barendra (PC)_ , the Privy Council focused on elucidating the meaning
of the phrase “a criminal act” in s 34 IPC, and not the common intention in
furtherance of which the criminal act in question was done. But, it is clear
from Page J’s jury direction (which was upheld by the Privy Council (see
_Barendra (PC)_ at 9)) that the necessary common intention of the robbers was
to rob the postmaster _and, if necessary, to shoot him to kill_. The criminal
act done by the robbers was done in furtherance of that common intention. In
_Ibra Akanda_ , Khundkar J explained that the common intention of the robbers
in _Barendra (PC)_ comprised both a settled intention to commit robbery and a
contingent intention to kill, _viz_ (see _Ibra Akanda_ at 358):

[T]he [robbers] set out with an intention to rob, plus an intention to kill
provided killing became necessary. … _The intention with which they set out
was the common intention. It was a wide intention because it embraced both
robbery and murder_. The intention to kill was a narrower and a contingent
intention. They would kill only if killing became necessary. … As I understand
the judgment [in _Barendra (PC)_], it was held that [BKG] was the doer of a
fractional act, at the very least, such an act as standing by or guarding the
door, and further that he participated in the common intention which, if it
was not the narrower contingent intention only to kill, was, at any rate, the
wider intention, equally shared by all, which was _the absolute intention to
rob, plus the contingent intention to kill if need be_. [emphasis added]

105 At 363 of _Ibra Akanda_ , Khundkar J elaborated on the common intention
element of s 34 IPC as follows:

_I am led to the conclusion that “common intention” cannot be given a constant
connotation. What it actually is … varies with the facts of each case_. _There
are cases in which it is identical with the mens rea required for the offence
actually committed. There are others in which its horizon is wider, like [_
Barendra (FB)_] and [_ Indar Singh v Emperor _AIR 1933 Lah 819], where the
real common intention was to do a criminal act[,] the accomplishment of which
might require some other criminal act to be committed_. In these cases the
mens rea which makes the ancillary act a crime would be regarded as embraced
by the common intention, not as a primary intention, but as a secondary and
contingent intention, not in the forefront of the conscious mind, but latent
or dormant therein. [emphasis added]

106 In _Barendra (PC)_ , the criminal act which formed the basis of the murder
charge against BKG was the shooting of the postmaster in furtherance of the
common intention to rob him and, if necessary, to shoot him to kill. Both the
criminal conduct constituting the robbery and the criminal conduct
constituting the shooting were in furtherance of the common intention of all
the robbers, which (as just mentioned) was to rob and, if necessary, to shoot
the postmaster to kill.

107 Based on the approach laid down in _Barendra (PC)_ , the criminal act done
by the actual doer which results in the offence charged would be considered to
be done in furtherance of the common intention of all the offenders _only if_
that common intention includes an intention _to commit the very criminal act
done by the actual doer_. In the discussion which follows, we shall call this
“the _Barendra_ test”.

(b) _Mahbub Shah_

108 The meaning of “common intention” was also discussed in _Mahbub Shah_ ,
where the Privy Council said (at 120):

Section 34 lays down a principle of joint liability in the doing of a criminal
act. … Under the section, the essence of that liability is to be found in the
existence of a common intention animating the accused leading to the doing of
a criminal act in further of such intention. _To invoke the aid of S. 34
successfully, it must be shown that the criminal act complained against was
done by one of the accused persons in the furtherance of the common intention
of all_ ; if this is shown, then liability for the crime may be imposed on any
one of the persons in the same manner as if the act were done by him alone.
This being the principle, it is clear to their Lordships that common intention
within the meaning of the section implies a pre-arranged plan, and to convict
the accused of an offence applying the section it should be proved that the
criminal act was done in concert pursuant to the pre-arranged plan. [emphasis
added]

109 In the above passage, the Privy Council stated that the common intention
referred to in s 34 IPC implied the existence of a pre-arranged plan. Later
court decisions have clarified that a pre-arranged plan can be formed on the
spot just before the commission of the relevant criminal act (see _Lee Chin
Guan_ at [36] and _Lee Chez Kee (CA)_ at [161]). The italicised words in the
above passage are an iteration of the express words of s 34 IPC itself and do
not really provide guidance as to how s 34 IPC is to be applied to the facts
of a particular case, in that they leave unexplained what the requisite common
intention is. However, the Privy Council provided the explanation in a later
part of that same passage when it stated that it was necessary that “the
criminal act was done in concert _pursuant to the pre-arranged plan_ ”
[emphasis added] (see _Mahbub Shah_ at 120). These words clearly suggest that
the “pre-arranged plan” must include a common intention to do the criminal act
done by the actual doer which gives rise to the offence charged.

110 This is clearer from the factual findings made by the Privy Council in
that case. The material facts there were as follows. The accused (“MS”) and
his companion (“WS”), armed with guns, went to rescue MS’s cousin (“QS”), who
was being assaulted by two men (“HK” and “AD”). MS fired at HK, injuring him,
while WS fired at AD, killing him. The Privy Council found that there was no
meeting of minds between MS and WS in respect of the shooting of HK and AD.
Although both MS and WS intended to shoot HK and AD, they did not form this
intention in concert; instead, each of them formed this intention on his own.
Thus, on the facts of the case, the Privy Council could not find a _common_
intention between MS and WS to shoot HK and AD.

111 Specifically, what the Privy Council said was as follows (see _Mahbub
Shah_ at 121):

Their Lordships are prepared to accept that [MS] and [WS] had the same
intention, viz., the intention to rescue [QS] if need be by using the guns and
that, in carrying out this intention, [MS] picked out [HK] for dealing with
him and [WS], [AD], but _where is the evidence of common intention to commit
the criminal act complained against_ , in furtherance of such intention? Their
Lordships find none. _Evidence falls far short of showing that [MS] and [WS]
ever entered into a premeditated concert to bring about the murder of [AD] in
carrying out their intention of rescuing [QS]. Care must be taken not to
confuse same or similar intention with common intention_ ; the partition which
divides “their bounds” is often very thin; nevertheless the distinction is
real and substantial, and if overlooked will result in miscarriage of justice.
[emphasis added]

In our view, the words used by the Privy Council in _Mahbub Shah_ indicate
that s 34 IPC was interpreted in that case in the same way as it was
interpreted in _Barendra (PC)_. This should not be surprising.

112 Let us now examine the pre-_Mimi Wong (CCA)_ local decisions on s 34.

(2) Pre-_Mimi Wong (CCA)_ local cases

(a) _Vincent Banka_

113 _Vincent Banka_ is the first major Straits Settlements case on murder
committed in furtherance of a common intention. In that case, the appellants
(“VB” and “STK”) were charged with murder and robbery with hurt. The evidence
showed that VB and STK had planned to rob the deceased (“Chhua”), and, in the
course of committing the robbery, one of them had stabbed Chhua with a knife,
inflicting on him injuries from which he died. The evidence was inconclusive
as to whether it was VB or STK who had: (a) carried the knife; and (b) stabbed
Chhua with the knife. It was also unclear whether VB and STK, respectively,
had known that the other was carrying a knife. Further, there was no evidence
as to whether there had been a common intention between VB and STK that Chhua
should be stabbed. VB and STK were convicted of both murder and robbery with
hurt; they appealed against their convictions for murder only.

114 On appeal, one of the grounds of appeal which both VB and STK relied on
was that the trial judge failed to direct the jury that for s 34 to apply,
they must be satisfied that either: (a) the accused in question inflicted the
wounds that resulted in Chhua’s death; or (b) there was an intention common to
both accused to cause Chhua’s death and one of them caused such death. The
Prosecution, on the other hand, argued that since the fatal wounds were
inflicted in the course of carrying out VB and STK’s common intention to
commit robbery (an offence involving _violence_), the issue of whether it was
VB or STK who had inflicted those wounds was immaterial, and, by virtue of s
34, both of them were equally guilty of murder (see in this regard the
quotation at [65] above).

115 The Straits Settlements Court of Criminal Appeal (“the Straits Settlements
CCA”), after referring to the law on s 34 IPC as decided in _Barendra (PC)_
and _Nga Aung Thein_ , set aside the murder convictions of VB and STK on the
ground that the trial judge erred in law in failing to direct the jury to
consider whether, _inter alia_ , VB and STK had a common intention not only to
rob, but also to kill. The Straits Settlements CCA (_per_ Huggard CJ) stated
the law on s 34 as follows (see _Vincent Banka_ at 55–56):

Under [the Penal] Code it is essential … that there should be evidence of a
common intention, or evidence from which such a common intention can properly
be inferred, _to commit the act actually committed_. …

… [I]t is the duty of the trial Judge, in cases where section 34 of the Penal
Code is relied on, to direct the attention of the jury to any evidence from
which they may legitimately **_infer the existence of a common intention to
commit the criminal act actually committed_** ; at the same time making it
clear that the question whether or not such common intention existed is a
question of fact and is for them to determine.

…

… [N]owhere in his summing-up did the learned Judge direct the jury that, even
if they were satisfied as to the identity of the two robbers, before they
could find the accused guilty of murder by reason of the provisions of section
34 of the [Penal] Code[,] **_they must be satisfied on the evidence that there
existed between the two men a common intention not only to rob but also, if
necessary, to kill the deceased_****[****_ie_****, Chhua]**. … The learned
Judge should have told the jury, in effect, that they had first to be
satisfied as to the identity of the robbers; that then, if so satisfied, they
had to consider the further question whether on the evidence placed before
them **_they were satisfied as to the existence of a common intention between
the robbers not merely to commit robbery but, if necessary, to kill the
deceased_** ; that for the purpose of coming to a decision they must consider
the evidence against each of the accused separately; and that they could not
properly convict either of the accused of murder by reason of section 34 of
the [Penal] Code unless they were satisfied that this common intention
existed. …

…

… Under the terms of that section [_ie_ , s 34], as has already been pointed
out, **_there must exist a common intention to commit the crime actually
committed_** , and it is not sufficient that there should be merely a common
intention to “behave criminally.” …

[emphasis in original in italics; emphasis added in bold italics]

116 In our view, the principles stated in the above extract from _Vincent
Banka_ are clearly based on the _Barendra_ test. Indeed, given the
jurisdictional framework of the Singapore courts in 1936, it was inconceivable
for the Straits Settlements CCA to have refused to apply the _Barendra_ test.
We also note that the common intention in _Barendra (PC)_ was described in
terms of a common intention to commit a _criminal act_ , whereas in _Vincent
Banka_ , Huggard CJ used the phrases “the _act_ actually committed” [emphasis
in original omitted; emphasis added in italics] (at 55), “the _criminal act_
actually committed” [emphasis added] (at 55) and “the _crime_ actually
committed” [emphasis added] (at 56) interchangeably. In our view, the
different expressions used in _Vincent Banka_ are not material for the reason
stated at [99] above. In any case, Huggard CJ appeared to regard those
expressions as having the same meaning; _ie_ , in essence, he held that there
had to be a common intention to commit a _criminal act_. The Straits
Settlements CCA set aside the convictions of VB and STK for murder presumably
because, in the absence of a finding that the two had a common intention to
commit the criminal act done and in the absence of conclusive evidence as to
who had actually stabbed Chhua to death, neither of them could be held liable
for the offence resulting from that criminal act. In contrast, since there was
evidence that VB and STK had a common intention to commit robbery, and since
robbery was in fact committed, VB and STK’s convictions for robbery were
upheld.

(b) _Rex v Chhui Yi_ [1936] MLJ 142

117 A few months after _Vincent Banka_ was decided, the Straits Settlements
CCA in _Rex v Chhui Yi_ [1936] MLJ 142 (“ _Chhui Yi_ ”) clarified the
statement of principle enunciated by Huggard CJ in the former case. The
Straits Settlements CCA said (see _Chhui Yi_ at 144):

This Court recently considered this question [of common intention] in the case
of [_Vincent Banka_], where the terms of section 34 of the Penal Code were
summed up in the following phrase: “Under the terms of that section … there
must exist a common intention to commit the _crime_ actually committed, and it
is not sufficient that there should be merely a common intention to ‘behave
criminally’.” _That does not, of course, mean that, in the case of murder,
there need have been a common intention actually to kill; but there must have
been a common intention to do any of the acts which are described in sections
299 and 300 of the Penal Code and the doing of which, if death results,
amounts to murder_. [emphasis added]

It should be noted that the court did not disagree with Huggard CJ’s
formulation, but merely clarified that where s 34 was invoked in respect of
the offence of murder, the common intention need not necessarily be a common
intention to kill because of the terms of ss 299 and 300 of the Penal Code
(see in particular s 300(_c_), which requires only an intention to inflict the
particular s 300(_c_) injury that was in fact caused to the victim; see also
our earlier discussion on the various kinds of criminal acts which may give
rise to the offence of murder as defined in s 300 and the application of s 34
thereto).

(c) Other pre-_Mimi Wong (CCA)_ local cases

118 From 1936 up to 22 July 1972 (the date on which _Mimi Wong (CCA)_ was
decided), the Straits Settlements CCA and its successor court, the CCA,
decided a number of cases on murder committed in furtherance of a common
intention. To the best of our knowledge, all of these cases did not depart
from what was said in (first) _Vincent Banka_ and (subsequently) _Chhui Yi
vis-à-vis_ the requirement of a common intention to commit the criminal act
done by the actual doer which gave rise to the offence charged. The cases
which we are aware of are: (a)  _T’ng Ban Yick v Rex_ [1940] MLJ 153; (b)
_Lim Heng Soon and another v Public Prosecutor_ [1968–1970] SLR(R) 607; (c)
_Ong Kiang Kek v Public Prosecutor_ [1968–1970] SLR(R) 821; (d)  _Kee Ah Tee
and another v Public Prosecutor_ [1971–1973] SLR(R) 63; and (e)  _Lee Choh Pet
and others v Public Prosecutor_ [1971–1973] SLR(R) 299 (“ _Lee Choh Pet_ ”).

119 Two observations may be made with regard to this group of cases. First, as
just mentioned in the preceding paragraph, they did not depart from _Vincent
Banka_. Second, Wee CJ presided over the CCA hearings in the last four cases
listed in the preceding paragraph. In addition, he presided over the CCA
hearing in _Mimi Wong (CCA)_ , the written decision for which was released
about four months after the written decision for _Lee Choh Pet_ (whose CCA
hearing he likewise presided over) was released. Thus, from 1936 up to 22 July
1972, the law on the common intention element of s 34 can be said to have been
settled – _viz_ , for s 34 to apply, it was necessary to prove, in both a
“single crime” case and a “twin crime” case (as should be expected), that
there was a common intention to commit the criminal act done by the actual
doer which gave rise to the offence charged.

120 Then, according to Prof Michael Hor (“Prof Hor”) in his article “Common
Intention and the Enterprise of Constructing Criminal Liability” [1999] Sing
JLS 494 (“the ‘Common Intention’ article”) at pp 496–497, on 22 July 1972:

[T]his seemingly settled position was, all of a sudden, _overthrown_ by the
case which can perhaps be described as the mother of all recent decisions on
common intention – _Mimi Wong [(CCA)]_. Although the evidence would have
satisfied the _Chhui Yi_ -_Banka_ test [which, according to Prof Hor at p 496,
was that “the common intender [could not] be liable for the [collateral]
offence, unless he or she also possessed the _mens rea_ required (even if it
[was] only conditional) for the [collateral] offence”] the [CCA] said that the
intention of the actual doer must be distinguished from the common intention
of all. The two intentions need not be the same, but they must be
“consistent”. _What is clear is that the_ Mimi _formula [ie, the putative_
Mimi Wong (CCA) _test] does not require the common intenders [ie, the
secondary offenders] to possess any of the_ mens rea _of the [collateral]
offence_. [emphasis added]

121 Prof Hor read the decision in _Mimi Wong (CCA)_ as having rejected
_Vincent Banka_ entirely. In our view, this was highly improbable. If the
Straits Settlements CCA in _Vincent Banka_ had applied the _Barendra_ test
(which, in our view, it certainly did), it would have been highly unusual for
the CCA in _Mimi Wong (CCA)_ to have rejected _Vincent Banka_ without giving
any explanation for such rejection. The principle of _stare decisis_ would not
have permitted even the CCA to treat a decision of the Straits Settlements CCA
(which decision was, in principle, binding on the CCA as the successor court
of the Straits Settlements CCA) in so cavalier a manner. Indeed, it would also
have meant enlarging the _Barendra_ test in a case where it was not necessary
to do so. It ought to be remembered that in 1972, there was still a right of
appeal to the Privy Council. _Mimi Wong (CCA)_ has also been said to have led
to the purported development of two divergent lines of authority on s 34 (see
_Shaiful Edham_ at [52] (referred to at [3] above)). In our view, neither Prof
Hor’s interpretation of _Mimi Wong (CCA)_ nor the comment at [52] of _Shaiful
Edham_ reflects the correct position. Our examination of _Mimi Wong (CCA)_
shows that the CCA in that case in fact applied the law as stated in _Barendra
(PC)_. Let us now turn our attention to _Mimi Wong (CCA)_ , beginning with the
High Court’s judgment in _Public Prosecutor v Mimi Wong alias Wong Weng Siu
and Sim Woh Kum alias Sim Wor Kum_ Criminal Case No 17 of 1970 (unreported) (“
_Mimi Wong (HC)_ ”).

(3) The decisions in _Mimi Wong (HC)_ and _Mimi Wong (CCA)_

(A) _Mimi Wong (HC)_

122 In _Mimi Wong (HC)_ , the first accused, Mimi Wong (“Mimi”), was the
mistress of a Japanese man working in Singapore (“Mr W”). Mr W later brought
his wife (“Mrs W”) and his children from Japan to live with him. Two weeks
after her arrival in Singapore, Mrs W was stabbed to death by Mimi, assisted
by her husband, Sim Woh Kum (“Sim”), the second accused. Mimi and Sim were
charged with murder committed in furtherance of a common intention. The
evidence showed that Mimi and Sim had gone to Mrs W’s house and, whilst there,
Sim had thrown detergent into Mrs W’s eyes just as Mimi was about to stab Mrs
W. Mimi had then stabbed Mrs W in the neck and the abdomen (cutting the
jugular vein and the aorta respectively), causing her to bleed to death.

123 In their grounds of decision, the trial judges held that for s 34 to
apply, the Prosecution had to prove three things, namely: (a) that Mrs W was
dead; (b) that Mrs W’s death was caused by the act or acts of Mimi and Sim or
one of them; and (c) that (see _Mimi Wong (HC)_ at 59):

_[S]uch act or acts were done in furtherance of their common intention of
causing [Mrs W’s] death, or were done in furtherance of their common intention
of causing bodily injury to [Mrs W] and the bodily injury intended to be
inflicted was sufficient in the ordinary course of nature to cause death_.
[emphasis added]

_Vis-à-vis_ the last-mentioned factor, the trial judges said (see _Mimi Wong
(HC)_ at 60–70):

… [T]his was the main issue in this case for we had to decide on the evidence
before us whether or not the fatal injuries were inflicted in furtherance of
either of the two common intentions already stated [_ie_ , the common
intention of causing Mrs W’s death and the common intention of causing bodily
injury to Mrs W]. If they were so inflicted[,] then it did not matter which of
the two accused inflicted those fatal injuries because both would then be
liable for those injuries in the same manner as if the injuries had been
inflicted by each of them alone. On the other hand[,] if the fatal injuries
were not inflicted in furtherance of either of these two common intentions[,]
then it was imperative that we should ascertain, from the evidence before us,
which of the two accused inflicted those injuries because in that event[,]
only the accused who inflicted those injuries would be liable for causing the
death of [Mrs W].

The evidence showed that the fatal injuries were knife injuries deliberately
inflicted with great force on vital parts of the body. They were not caused
accidentally. Death occurred within a matter of minutes. Under the
circumstances[,] _it was a fair inference that the said injuries were
inflicted either with the intention of causing the death of [Mrs W] or with
the intention of causing bodily injury to [Mrs W] with a knife_[,] and as the
injuries actually inflicted were sufficient in the ordinary course of nature
to cause death, the person who inflicted those injuries was guilty of murder
unless he or she could successfully invoke any of the exceptions [to] … murder
laid down in section 300 of the Penal Code.

…

The last question which we had to consider was whether or not the knife
injuries inflicted on [Mrs W] by [Mimi] were inflicted in furtherance of the
common intention of both accused[,] i.e. in furtherance of their pre-arranged
plan to cause the death of [Mrs W] or to cause bodily injury to [Mrs W] with a
knife and [whether] the bodily injury intended to be caused was sufficient in
the ordinary course of nature to cause death. In other words, was [Sim] a
party to the killing of [Mrs W] or was it the sole responsibility of [Mimi]? …

…

In view of the facts which we have outlined and the reasons we have given, we
were convinced that _[Sim] shared a common intention with [Mimi] of either
causing the death of [Mrs W] or of inflicting bodily injury on [Mrs W] with a
knife_ ; that in furtherance of that common intention[,] [Mimi] inflicted with
a knife serious injuries on [Mrs W] which resulted in her death; that the
injuries so inflicted were sufficient in the ordinary course of nature to
cause death[;] and that by causing the death of [Mrs W] in those
circumstances[,] both accused were guilty of the offence of murder.

[emphasis added]

124 In essence, the trial judges concluded on the facts that:

(a) Mimi and Sim had a common intention to either cause Mrs W’s death or
inflict bodily injury on Mrs W with a knife; and

(b) in furtherance of that common intention, Mimi had inflicted on Mrs W, with
a knife, injuries which constituted s 300(_c_) injury.

The trial judges convicted both Mimi and Sim of murder.

125 It can be seen from the trial judges’ statement of the law in _Mimi Wong
(HC)_ that although the trial judges did not refer to _Barendra (PC)_ , they
in effect applied the _Barendra_ test. The trial judges’ approach to s 34 was
also in line with the approach of the Straits Settlements CCA in _Vincent
Banka_ (indeed, that had to be the case because the High Court was bound by
decisions of the Straits Settlements CCA). On appeal, Wee CJ made it clear, at
[26] of _Mimi Wong (CCA)_ (quoted at [135] below), that the trial judges had
applied s 34 properly _vis-à-vis_ the charge against Sim.

(B) _Mimi Wong (CCA)_

126 Mimi and Sim appealed against their convictions for murder. One of the
arguments raised by defence counsel before the CCA – which is the most
material argument for present purposes – was as follows (see _Mimi Wong (CCA)_
at [22]):

It is argued [that s 34] can only be applied _if the common intention of the
persons accused of an offence is to commit the offence with which they are
charged_. In other words it is argued that [Sim] will not be guilty of the
offence under s 302 of the Penal Code unless the common intention of [Mimi and
Sim] was to cause the death of [Mrs W], or was _such other intention as is
mentioned in s 300 of the Penal Code_. [emphasis added]

127 It should be noted that, like the High Court’s statement of the law in
_Mimi Wong (HC)_ , counsel’s submission to the CCA in _Mimi Wong (CCA)_ was
_wholly consistent_ with the _Barendra_ test, except that counsel referred to
the requisite common intention as a common intention to commit the _offence_
which the secondary offender was charged with, as opposed to a common
intention to commit the _criminal act_ which gave rise to the offence charged.
Counsel’s submission in _Mimi Wong (CCA)_ was also in line with the principles
laid down by the Straits Settlements CCA in _Vincent Banka_ , where Huggard CJ
stated the law as laid down in _Barendra (PC)_ , but used the words “act”,
“criminal act” and “crime” interchangeably instead of the specific term used
in s 34, _viz_ , “criminal act” (see [116] above).

128 Wee CJ responded to counsel’s argument as follows (see _Mimi Wong (CCA)_
at [23]):

There is no doubt that for [s 34] to apply _there must be in existence a
common intention between all the persons who committed the criminal act_ , and
_that a criminal act be done in furtherance of that common intention_. _When
these two requirements are proved, each of such persons would be liable for
the entire criminal act in the same manner as if he had done it alone_ [citing
the Privy Council’s decision in _Mahbub Shah_ at 120 (reproduced at [108]
above)]. [emphasis added]

Wee CJ then went on to quote (at [24] of _Mimi Wong (CCA)_) the Privy
Council’s explanation of the phrase “a criminal act” in _Barendra (PC)_ at 7–9
(reproduced at [94] above).

129 Wee CJ’s statements were interpreted in subsequent cases as a rejection of
counsel’s argument on the law (see [120]–[121] above), but no explanation has
been given for this interpretation. In our view, Wee CJ did not reject
counsel’s argument. There is nothing in his comment at [23] of _Mimi Wong
(CCA)_ to suggest that the principle formulated by counsel was incorrect (even
though, as just mentioned, counsel referred to a common intention to commit an
offence rather than a common intention to do a criminal act). All that Wee CJ
said at [23] of _Mimi Wong (CCA)_ was that two requirements must be satisfied
before s 34 could apply, namely:

(a) “there must be in existence a common intention between all the persons who
committed the criminal act” (see [23] of _Mimi Wong (CCA)_); and

(b) “a criminal act [must] be done in furtherance of that common intention”
(see, likewise, [23] of _Mimi Wong (CCA)_).

130 What Wee CJ left unexplained in stating the law in this way was this: what
was the common intention in furtherance of which the criminal act was done? He
did not provide a connection between the two requirements which he laid down
at [23] of _Mimi Wong (CCA)_. He did not explain what the common intention of
all the offenders had to be. If Wee CJ had stated that the first requirement
at [23] of _Mimi Wong (CCA)_ was “a common intention between all the persons
_to commit_ a criminal act” [emphasis added], it would have provided the
necessary connection with the second requirement in that paragraph, and this
would in turn have made it clear what the requisite common intention was. In
the context of _Mimi Wong (HC)_ , the common intention found by the trial
judges was clear, and the CCA accepted that finding. In our view, the omission
by Wee CJ to connect the two requirements set out at [23] of _Mimi Wong (CCA)_
led later courts to give a literal interpretation to the second requirement
without linking it back to the first requirement, and in turn gave rise to the
putative _Mimi Wong (CCA)_ test. It led the courts to decide that for the
purposes of imposing constructive liability on secondary offenders pursuant to
s 34 in a “twin crime” case, it was not necessary for the secondary offenders
to have a common intention to do the (collateral) criminal act done by the
actual doer which resulted in the offence charged. This meant (for instance)
that where A, B and C had a common intention to rob D, and C killed D in the
course of the robbery in order to facilitate the robbery or further its
accomplishment, s 34 could apply to make A and B constructively liable for the
offence resulting from C’s criminal act of killing D, even if A and B did not
share C’s intention to kill D.

131 It is clear from the findings of fact of the trial judges in _Mimi Wong
(HC)_ , which were affirmed by the CCA (in _Mimi Wong (CCA)_), that s 34 was
applicable to make Sim constructively liable for the offence resulting from
the criminal act committed by Mimi as: (a) he shared a common intention with
Mimi to either cause Mrs W’s death or inflict bodily injury on Mrs W with a
knife; and (b) the injuries which were in fact inflicted on Mrs W were
sufficient in the ordinary course of nature to cause death, _ie_ , those
injuries amounted to s 300(_c_) injury. Prof Hor commented in the “Common
Intention” article (at p 496) that the evidence in _Mimi Wong (CCA)_ would
have satisfied the law as set out in _Vincent Banka_ and _Chhui Yi_. In our
view, the actual decision in _Mimi Wong (CCA)_ was based on an application of
the _Barendra_ test. Unfortunately, Wee CJ’s failure to explain the connection
between the two requirements set out at [23] of _Mimi Wong (CCA)_ led to a
misunderstanding of the actual _ratio_ of that case. We explain below why we
are of the view that there was such a misunderstanding.

132 It is first necessary to point out that Wee CJ’s statements at [23] of
_Mimi Wong (CCA)_ may not have been original formulations. They bear a
striking resemblance to the words (in bold italics in the quotation below)
used in two passages in _Nazir and others v Emperor_ (1946) 49 Cr LJ 271 (“
_Nazir_ ”), a decision of the High Court of Allahabad. In that case, five
persons planned to abduct a married woman and beat up her husband, with (so
the court stated at [30]) “a remote wish or intention” that the husband should
be killed. The abduction was carried out and, in the course of it, the husband
was killed. The accused, who drove the abductee away, argued that he could not
be liable for the offence of murder as he had not been present at the killing.
Apropos this argument, Raghubar Dayal J said:

25 The result essential for the applicability of this section [_ie_ , s 34
IPC] is undoubtedly **_the existence of a common intention between all the
several persons who committed the criminal act, and the next essential is that
a criminal act be done in furtherance of that common intention_**.

26 _When these two essentials are satisfied, each of such persons would be
liable for the entire criminal act in the same manner as if he alone had done
it irrespective of … whether he was present at the time or not_. Such view was
held by their Lordships of the Privy Council in [_Barendra (PC)_].

[emphasis added in italics and bold italics]

133 Two points should be noted about the two passages quoted above. First,
Dayal J held that what he stated in these two passages represented the view of
the Privy Council in _Barendra (PC)_. As may be recalled, the Privy Council’s
view in that case was that the murder of the postmaster was committed in
furtherance of the common intention of the robbers to rob the postmaster and,
if necessary, to shoot him to kill. The intention to kill was part of the
robbers’ common intention.

134 Second, although Dayal J did not specify that “ _that_ common intention”
[emphasis added] (see [25] of _Nazir_) must be the common intention to commit
the criminal act done by the actual doer which gave rise to the offence
charged against the secondary offenders, he subsequently (in effect) said so
at [28] when he described the relevant criminal act in that case as “the
entire transaction composed of the abduction and the beating _which proceeded
from the common intention of all_ ” [emphasis added]. The charge in _Nazir_
was for the offence of murder resulting from the assault on the husband by the
actual doer. In our view, [28] of _Nazir_ is merely an elaboration of
[25]–[26] thereof. If [25]–[26] of _Nazir_ are read without reference to [28]
thereof (or without reference to what the Privy Council decided in _Barendra
(PC)_), they are liable to be misunderstood to mean that for the secondary
offenders in _Nazir_ to be held constructively liable under s 34 IPC for
murder, it was not necessary for them to have a common intention to beat up
the woman’s husband; instead, it was sufficient so long as the beating was
done in furtherance of their common intention to abduct the woman. In our
view, this was precisely how the two requirements set out by Wee CJ at [23] of
_Mimi Wong (CCA)_ were misunderstood. It appears to us that this
misunderstanding occurred because Wee CJ omitted, at [23] of _Mimi Wong (CCA)_
, to specify the common intention in furtherance of which the criminal act was
done. In our view, this misunderstanding led to the rise of the putative _Mimi
Wong (CCA)_ test, which, it is clear, is not supported by a proper
understanding of what Wee CJ had intended to say at [23] of _Mimi Wong (CCA)_.

135 In _Mimi Wong (CCA)_ , Wee CJ, after commenting on defence counsel’s
submission, proceeded to elaborate on the relevance of the _mens rea_ for the
offence committed by the actual doer in these words:

25 It is clear from the Privy Council’s interpretation [in _Barendra (PC)_] of
the words “criminal act” that _it is the result of a criminal act which is a
criminal offence_. It then remains, in any particular case, to find out the
actual offence constituted by the “criminal act”. If the nature of the offence
depends on a particular intention the intention of the actual doer of the
criminal act has to be considered. _What this intention is will decide the
offence committed by him and then s 34 applies to make the others vicariously
or collectively liable for the same offence_. The intention that is an
ingredient of the offence constituted by the criminal act is the intention of
the actual doer and must be distinguished from the common intention of the
[actual] doer and his confederates. It [_ie_ , the intention of the actual
doer] may be identical with the common intention or it may not. Where it is
not identical with the common intention, it must nevertheless be consistent
with the carrying out of the common intention, otherwise the criminal act done
by the actual doer would not be in furtherance of the common intention. Thus
if A and B form a common intention to cause injury to C with a knife and A
holds C while B stabs C deliberately in the region of the heart and the stab
wound is sufficient in the ordinary course of nature to cause death, B is
clearly guilty of murder. Applying s 34 it is also clear that B’s act in
stabbing C is in furtherance of the common intention to cause injury to C with
a knife because B’s act is clearly consistent with the carrying out of that
common intention[,] and as their [_ie_ , A and B’s] “criminal act”, _ie_ that
unity of criminal behaviour, resulted in the criminal offence of murder
punishable under s 302, A is also guilty of murder.

26 _On the facts of the present case, we are accordingly of the opinion that s
34 has been properly applied with regard to the charge against [Sim]_. …

[emphasis added]

136 It can be seen from the above quotation of [26] of _Mimi Wong (CCA)_ that
Wee CJ held that the trial judges had properly applied the law on s 34, _ie_ ,
the law encapsulated in the _Barendra_ test. In the light of this, we can now
analyse Wee CJ’s statements at [25] of _Mimi Wong (CCA)_ against the backdrop
of Wee CJ’s upholding of the trial judges’ application of the _Barendra_ test
in _Mimi Wong (HC)_. What Wee CJ said in the first half of [25] of _Mimi Wong
(CCA)_ was, in essence, as follows: (a) where the nature of the offence
arising from the criminal act done by the actual doer depended on the
intention with which that criminal act was done, the intention of the actual
doer in doing that criminal act would determine the offence committed by him;
and (b) s 34 would then apply to make the secondary offenders constructively
liable for the same offence. In _Mimi Wong (HC)_ , Mimi intentionally stabbed
Mrs W at the vital parts and caused her death. Mimi did the criminal act
described in s 300(_c_) of the Penal Code with the necessary _mens rea_.
Mimi’s _mens rea_ determined the offence committed by her, and, because there
was a common intention between Mimi and Sim to either cause Mrs W’s death or
inflict bodily injury on Mrs W with a knife, Mimi’s criminal act was done in
furtherance of that common intention. Hence, in the context of the evidence in
_Mimi Wong (HC)_ , s 34 was incontrovertibly applicable to make Sim
constructively liable for the s 300(_c_) murder arising from Mimi’s criminal
act, consistent with the _Barendra_ test.

137 Next, Wee CJ said that the intention of the actual doer in committing the
criminal act done which resulted in the offence charged had to be
distinguished from the common intention of all the offenders (_ie_ , the
actual doer _plus_ the secondary offenders). They might be identical, but, if
they were not identical (_eg_ , an intention on the actual doer’s part to kill
and a common intention among all the offenders to cause hurt), the actual
doer’s intention must at least be consistent with the common intention of all
the offenders (_eg_ , an intention on the actual doer’s part to kill and a
common intention among all the offenders to stab or shoot vital areas of the
victim’s body) because, if that were not the case, the criminal act done by
the actual doer would not be in furtherance of all the offenders’ common
intention. In _Mimi Wong (HC)_ , there was no need to consider the distinction
between Mimi’s intention in stabbing Mrs W and the common intention of Mimi
and Sim to either cause Mrs W’s death or inflict on Mrs W bodily injury with a
knife because Mimi’s intention was clearly consistent with Mimi and Sim’s
common intention, and the stabbing of Mrs W by Mimi was also done in
furtherance of that common intention.

138 Consider, however, the case where the common intention of A and B is
characterised as, specifically, a common intention to disfigure C’s face with
a sharp instrument: if A, in a fit of jealousy or rage, stabs C with a knife
and kills C, it cannot reasonably be said that A’s criminal act in stabbing C
is consistent with A and B’s common intention to disfigure C. In contrast, if
we characterise A and B’s common intention more broadly as a common intention
to cause injury to C without setting any limitation on the type of injury
which might be inflicted on C, then A’s act of stabbing C _fatally_ can be
said to be consistent with the common intention to cause injury to C.
Consistency is, therefore, not a fixed concept – it depends on the level of
abstraction adopted in defining the common intention that is alleged to be
furthered by the criminal act done. We must thus be careful in applying the
concept of consistency (which was described by Prof Hor as “an unhappily
ambiguous term in the context of the need for certainty in the criminal law”
(see p 497 of the “Common Intention” article)) in the context of s 34 to
impute constructive liability for joint offences.

139 In _Mimi Wong (CCA)_ , Wee CJ provided an illustration of consistency at a
general level of abstraction, with the result that the criminal act done by
the actual doer in that illustration was consistent with the common intention
in question, even though that same criminal act might be inconsistent with the
common intention if the latter were defined at a more specific level of
abstraction. His illustration was as follows (see [25] of _Mimi Wong (CCA)_):

[I]f A and B form a common intention to cause injury to C with a knife and A
holds C while B stabs C deliberately in the region of the heart and the stab
wound is sufficient in the ordinary course of nature to cause death, B is
clearly guilty of [s 300(_c_)] murder. _Applying s 34_ it is also clear that
B’s act in stabbing C is in furtherance of the common intention to cause
injury to C with a knife because B’s act is clearly consistent with the
carrying out of that common intention and as their [_ie_ , A and B’s]
“criminal act”, _ie_ that unity of criminal behaviour, resulted in the
criminal offence of murder punishable under s 302, A is also guilty of murder.
[emphasis added]

140 The above passage actually deals with two separate issues (namely, (a)
consistency of B’s criminal act with A and B’s common intention; and (b) the
offence of s 300(_c_) murder), but Wee CJ dealt only with the former (_ie_ ,
the consistency issue). He said that B’s act of stabbing C in the region of
the heart was consistent with A and B’s common intention to cause injury to C
with a knife. That statement, in our view, is obvious, given that A and B’s
common intention was defined very broadly as a common intention to injure C
with a knife, without any limitation on the type of injury that might be
inflicted on C. From this perspective, B’s act of stabbing C in the region of
the heart could be said to be consistent with A and B’s common intention.

141 If, however, A and B’s common intention in Wee CJ’s illustration had been
defined more narrowly as a common intention to disfigure C’s face (_ie_ , as a
common intention to commit a specific criminal act), it would be difficult to
see how B’s act of stabbing C in the region of the heart could be said to be
consistent with A and B’s common intention. Section 34 should then _not_ apply
to make A constructively liable for the offence resulting from B’s criminal
act (_viz_ , the offence of s 300(_c_) murder) because the type of injury
which A and B commonly intended to cause to C (_viz_ , disfigurement of the
face) was not 300(_c_) injury (s 300(_c_) injury being the type of injury
which B in fact caused to C). A second objection to making A constructively
liable for the offence resulting from B’s criminal act if A and B’s common
intention in Wee CJ’s illustration had been defined in the specific manner
just stated (_ie_ , as a common intention to disfigure C’s _face_) is that it
would be difficult to assert that B’s act of stabbing C _in the region of the
heart_ is consistent with or in furtherance of that common intention.
Therefore, regardless of whether or not the illustration of consistency given
by Wee CJ at [25] of _Mimi Wong (CCA)_ is considered in the light of the
factual matrix of that case (where there was a common intention to either
cause death or inflict bodily injury with a knife), that illustration of
consistency must be understood as being based on the adoption of a particular
level of abstraction in applying s 34 to the offence of s 300(_c_) murder. In
our view, the illustration given by Wee CJ does not support the conclusion
that in the present case, the mere fact that Bala’s criminal act (_viz_ , the
assault on Wan) facilitated the robbery meant that that criminal act was in
furtherance of the Appellants’ common intention to rob Wan.

142 It is instructive to compare Wee CJ’s illustration with the scenario that
was before the Supreme Court of India in _Bhaba Nanda Sarma and others v The
State of Assam_ AIR 1977 SC 2252 (“ _Bhaba Nanda Sarma_ ”). The accused in
that case (“BNS”) participated in an assault along with two companions by
holding the victim, while his two companions inflicted on the victim bodily
injuries from which he died. All three men were subsequently charged with
murder committed in furtherance of a common intention. At first instance, the
trial judge acquitted all three men. His decision was reversed by the High
Court of Gauhati, which convicted all three men of murder committed in
furtherance of a common intention. On further appeal, the Supreme Court of
India held, on the evidence, that BNS had shared only the common intention of
his two companions to commit “a lesser offence than murder” (at [6]), and not
their common intention to murder the victim. The court thus set aside BNS’s
conviction for murder and replaced it with a conviction for culpable homicide
not amounting to murder under s 304 read with s 34 of the IPC (in contrast,
the murder convictions of BNS’s two companions were upheld). Untwalia J
emphasised (at [4]):

To attract the application of S. 34 it must be established beyond any shadow
of doubt that the criminal act was done by several persons in furtherance of
the common intention of all. _In other words, the prosecution must prove facts
to justify an inference that all the participants of the act had shared a
common intention to commit the criminal act which was finally committed by one
or more of the participants_. [emphasis added]

143 The analysis above explains and supports our view that there is no basis
to suggest that the CCA in _Mimi Wong (CCA)_ had intended to overthrow
_Vincent Banka_ , which would have meant rejecting the _Barendra_ test. We see
nothing in the judgment of Wee CJ in _Mimi Wong (CCA)_ , properly understood,
to indicate that he was enunciating a new test that departed (or was intended
to depart) from the _Barendra_ test. In our view, the _Barendra_ test sets out
the correct position on the common intention element of s 34. In _Mahbub Shah_
, the Privy Council interpreted s 34 IPC in the same way as the provision was
interpreted in _Barendra (PC)_ (see [111] above), and the same position was
taken locally (_vis-à-vis_ s 34) in _Vincent Banka_ and _Chhui Yi_ and,
subsequently, _Mimi Wong (CCA)_. The _Barendra_ test, in our view, is in line
with the purpose for which s 34 IPC (and s 1 of the 1870 IPC Amendment Act)
was enacted; this applies _mutatis mutandis_ in respect of s 34.

(4) Application of the _Barendra_ test to s 300(_c_) murder

144 One other important aspect of _Mimi Wong (HC)_ and _Mimi Wong (CCA)_ ought
to be addressed – namely, the _application_ of the _Barendra_ test to,
specifically, the offence of s 300(_c_) murder. It is necessary for us to
express our views on this matter as s 300(_c_) murder is the offence which
group offenders are most commonly prosecuted for in Singapore. As mentioned
earlier (see [125] and [135]–[136] above), Wee CJ said in _Mimi Wong (CCA)_
that the trial judges in _Mimi Wong (HC)_ had applied s 34 properly, _ie_ ,
they had proceeded, correctly, on the basis that s 34 would apply to Sim if
there was “[a] _common intention of causing bodily injury_ to [Mrs W] and [if]
the bodily injury intended to be inflicted was sufficient in the ordinary
course of nature to cause death” [emphasis added] (see _Mimi Wong (HC)_ at
59). On this basis, it may be argued that if A and B have a common intention
to punch C, and A delivers punches in the region of C’s vital organs,
resulting in C sustaining s 300(_c_) injury, A’s fatal punches can be
considered to be in furtherance of A and B’s common intention, and B can be
made constructively liable as a secondary offender for s 300(_c_) murder.

145 This would not be an unreasonable approach, having regard to the
established law (_ie_ , the law laid down in _Virsa Singh_ (see [38] above))
on how s 300(_c_) of the Penal Code should be applied with respect to the
_actual doer_. Where the _secondary offender_ is concerned, however, we are of
the view that he should not be made constructively liable for the offence of s
300(_c_) murder arising from the actual doer’s criminal act unless there is a
common intention to cause, specifically, s 300(_c_) injury, and not any other
type of injury (in this regard, see our observations at [74]–[76] above on why
our courts should not, where constructive liability under s 34 for s 300(_c_)
murder is concerned, apply the _Virsa Singh_ test and hold that a common
intention to inflict any type of injury is sufficient for a secondary offender
to be found guilty of s 300(_c_) murder). In our view, causing death or
killing (whether by way of inflicting s 300(_c_) injury or otherwise) can be
said to be _inconsistent_ with or, at least, in _excess_ of a common intention
to cause hurt, whether simple hurt or grievous hurt. Interestingly, even under
the English doctrine of common purpose, the position is that (_per_ Toulson LJ
in _Mendez_ at [47]; see also [85] above):

It would not be just that D [_ie_ , the secondary offender] should be found
guilty of the murder of V [_ie_ , the victim] by P [_ie_ , the actual doer],
if P’s act was of a different kind from, and much more dangerous than, the
sort of acts which D intended or foresaw as part of the joint enterprise.

146 Of course, if the common intention is to cause s 300(_c_) injury generally
without any particular kind of injury specified, then the inflicting of any
fatal injury with any kind of weapon or object would be in furtherance of that
common intention. In the context of s 300(_c_) injury, a common intention to
cause such injury is substantially the same as a common intention to cause
death by the infliction of the specific injury which was in fact caused to the
victim since s 300(_c_) injury is, by definition, injury that is sufficient in
the ordinary course of nature to cause death. Thus, if A, B and C have a
common intention to give D a good beating, but C causes D’s death in the
course of beating him, it does not necessarily follow that A and B are
constructively liable for the offence resulting from C’s criminal act as there
is no common intention to inflict s 300(_c_) injury on D. Similarly, if A, B
and C have a common intention to disfigure D’s face, and C, in the course of
carrying out this common intention, stabs D in the heart and kills him, A and
B cannot be held constructively liable pursuant to s 34 for the killing done
by C as injury caused to a person by disfiguring his face is not s 300(_c_)
injury.

147 In this connection, it should also be noted that in _Mohamed Yasin_ , the
Privy Council held (at [9]) that it must be proved “ _as a matter of
scientific fact_ ” [emphasis added] that the injury inflicted on the victim
amounted to s 300(_c_) injury. Applying this requirement (which may be
satisfied by scientific evidence, including medical or forensic evidence) to
that part of the Prosecution’s case against Daniel and Christopher which is
premised on the contention that the Appellants had a common intention to beat
Wan on the head to render him unconscious (a contention which the Judge did
not find to be supported on the facts), an issue would arise as to whether the
injury caused to a person by beating him on his head can be regarded as s
300(_c_) injury if no scientific evidence (which would necessarily include
medical evidence) is called (as counsel for Daniel pointed out (see [49]
above)) to show _as a scientific fact_ that _any knock on the head with a
weapon akin to the baseball bat_ is sufficient in the ordinary course of
nature to cause death. Thus, even if the Judge had found on the evidence that
the Appellants had a common intention to beat Wan on the head to render him
unconscious, it would not necessarily follow that this common intention was a
common intention to inflict s 300(_c_) injury on Wan.

148 In the present case, the Judge found that Bala’s assault on Wan with the
baseball bat gave rise to the offence of s 300(_c_) murder because Bala
_intentionally_ inflicted on Wan s 300(_c_) injury. This is a correct
application of _Virsa Singh_ as far as Bala’s (direct) liability for s
300(_c_) murder is concerned. However, _vis-à-vis_ Daniel and Christopher’s
constructive liability for s 300(_c_) murder, the Judge did not find that the
Appellants had a common intention to beat Wan up or to beat him on the head
(let alone a common intention to beat him on the head with, specifically, the
baseball bat). The Judge merely found that Daniel and Christopher were aware
that violence would be used to overpower Wan in order to facilitate the
robbery (see the GD at [51]). In view of these findings, s 34 was not
applicable to render Daniel and Christopher constructively liable for the s
300(_c_) murder resulting from Bala’s assault on Wan as the Appellants had no
common intention to inflict the specific injuries which Bala actually
inflicted on Wan.

(5) Post-_Mimi Wong (CCA)_ local cases

149 We shall now briefly review the post-_Mimi Wong (CCA)_ local cases on s
34, when invoked in relation to the offence of murder, before concluding our
discussion on the common intention element of s 34.

150 In this regard, the next reported decision after _Mimi Wong (CCA)_ was the
decision of the High Court in _Public Prosecutor v Neoh Bean Chye and another_
[1974–1976] SLR(R) 61 (“ _Neoh Bean Chye (HC)_ ”). In that case, the
proprietor of a wine bar (“Chew”) was killed in a robbery. The trial judges
found that the first accused (“NBC”) and the second accused (“LKH”) had a
common intention to rob Chew and to shoot him if he resisted. NBC brought with
him a gun for that purpose. Before entering the wine shop, he loaded the gun
and handed it to LKH. Chew resisted and LKH shot him dead. The defence was
that Chew was shot accidentally in the struggle. The trial judges rejected
this defence and convicted NBC and LKH of murder. On appeal, the CCA held that
the trial judges were entitled on the evidence to conclude that NBC and LKH
had _a common intention to rob as well as_ “ _to use the gun if any resistance
was put up by [Chew] during the course of the robbery_ ” [emphasis added] (see
_Neoh Bean Chye (CCA)_ at [2]).

151 In _Neoh Bean Chye (HC)_ , the High Court (_per_ Choor Singh J) reiterated
Wee CJ’s statement at [23] in _Mimi Wong (CCA)_ that for s 34 to apply (see
_Neoh Bean Chye (HC)_ at [50]):

[I]t is sufficient if the Prosecution prove[s] that there was in existence a
common intention between all the persons who committed the criminal act and
that the act which constituted the offence charged was done in furtherance of
the common intention. This is clear from the decisions of the Privy Council in
[_Barendra (PC)_] and _Mahbub Shah_ … and also from the recent decision of the
[CCA] in [_Mimi Wong (CCA)_].

Although Choor Singh J also commented that “the headnote of the report of the
decision in … _Vincent Banka_ [did] not contain a correct statement of the
law” (see _Neoh Bean Chye (HC)_ at [50]), this was not material to the High
Court’s eventual decision as all that Choor Singh J meant to say was, in
effect, that the _Barendra_ test should be stated not in terms of a common
intention to commit a crime, but, rather, in terms of a common intention to
commit a criminal act. In this regard, we note that the essential facts found
by the High Court in _Neoh Bean Chye (HC)_ and affirmed by the CCA in _Neoh
Bean Chye (CCA)_ are similar to those in _Barendra (PC)_. On the facts found
by the High Court (which, as just mentioned, were affirmed by the CCA), it
would appear that the CCA applied the _Barendra_ test.

152 After _Neoh Bean Chye (HC)_ and _Neoh Bean Chye (CCA)_ , _Vincent Banka_
and its progeny ceased to be cited as precedents on s 34 for more than 20
years until 1999, when (as mentioned at [3] above) the CA observed in _Shaiful
Edham_ at [52] that they represented the wrong line of the “two divergent
lines of authority” on s 34. As we have demonstrated, this observation is
inaccurate as it overlooked the fact that post-_Mimi Wong (CCA)_ decisions
misunderstood what _Mimi Wong (CCA)_ had actually decided and what Wee CJ had
said in that case.

153 We do not propose to provide a detailed analysis of all the reported post-
_Mimi Wong (CCA)_ local cases on s 34, when invoked in relation to the offence
of murder, to determine whether or not their outcomes would have been the same
if the court in those cases (whether a trial court or an appellate court) had
applied the _Barendra_ test. We conclude from our examination of those cases
that in a significant number of them, the court specifically made a finding
that there was a common intention to kill or to cause death (in cases where
the secondary offender was found guilty of murder (see, _eg_ , _Mohamed Bachu
Miah and another v Public Prosecutor_ [1992] 2 SLR(R) 783 and _Maniam s/o
Rathinswamy v Public Prosecutor_ [1994] 2 SLR(R) 264)), or, conversely, that
there was no such common intention (in cases where the secondary offender was
acquitted of murder (see, _eg_ , _Public Prosecutor v Mazlan bin Maidun &
Anor_ [1992] SGHC 134 and _Public Prosecutor v L Hassan & 2 Ors_ [1998] SGHC
357)). There are also cases where the court found that there was a common
intention to cause grievous hurt or injury that was found to be s 300(_c_)
injury (see, _eg_ , _Ramu Annadavascan and another v Public Prosecutor_
[1985–1986] SLR(R) 21, _Suradet Senarit and others v Public Prosecutor_ [1993]
2 SLR(R) 754, _Asokan v Public Prosecutor_ [1995] 1 SLR(R) 936 and _Mansoor
s/o Abdullah and another v Public Prosecutor_ [1998] 3 SLR(R) 403). In respect
of all these cases, it can be said that there was evidence on which, if the
_Barendra_ test had been applied, it would have been possible for the court to
find that there existed a common intention to commit one of the criminal acts
described in s 300 of the Penal Code as constituting the offence of murder.

154 There are, of course, also cases where the court appeared to have relied
on the putative _Mimi Wong (CCA)_ test to convict the secondary offender of
murder arising from the criminal act done by the actual doer, even though the
secondary offender _did not_ participate in that criminal act, on the basis
that that criminal act had been done by the actual doer in furtherance of all
the offenders’ common intention. These cases have given rise to the impression
that the courts have adopted an inconsistent approach in applying s 34, an
issue which has often been the subject of academic comments. In our view, a
close examination of the facts of the cases where the putative _Mimi Wong
(CCA)_ test was apparently applied (especially the findings of the trial
court), would show that in most of them, the criminal act done by the actual
doer could conceivably be said to have been done in furtherance of a common
intention to commit any one of the four criminal acts described in s 300 of
the Penal Code as giving rise to the offence of murder – in other words, the
_Barendra_ test would have been satisfied in those cases.

155 We propose to examine only two of the cases where the _Barendra_ test,
although not applied by this court, would or might have been satisfied if one
were to look closely at the facts of the case. These cases are:

(a) _Public Prosecutor v Ibrahim bin Masod & Anor_ [1993] SGHC 172 (“ _Ibrahim
(HC)_ ”), which was upheld on appeal in _Ibrahim bin Masod and another v
Public Prosecutor_ [1993] 3 SLR(R) 438 (“ _Ibrahim (CA)_ ”); and

(b) _Public Prosecutor v Lim Poh Lye and another_ [2005] 2 SLR(R) 130 (“ _Lim
Poh Lye (HC)_ ”), which was reversed in _Lim Poh Lye (CA)_.

156 In _Ibrahim (HC)_ , the two accused (“Ibrahim” and “Liow”) kidnapped the
deceased and demanded a ransom, which was not paid. Subsequently, the deceased
was strangled to death in the flat where he was being held when Ibrahim left
the flat to sell a Rolex watch belonging to the deceased. The trial judge
found that there was a pre-arranged plan between Ibrahim and Liow to kidnap
the deceased for ransom, and that the killing had been done in furtherance of
the common intention. Both accused were convicted of murder, and both appealed
against their convictions (Liow, however, died before the appeal was heard).
The CA upheld Ibrahim’s conviction, holding that there had been a common
intention on the part of Ibrahim and Liow “to kidnap [the deceased] for ransom
in the furtherance of which Liow wilfully and deliberately strangled [the
deceased] to death” (see _Ibrahim (CA)_ at [44]). Although the CA appeared to
have applied the putative _Mimi Wong (CCA)_ test, the CA also stated that, on
the evidence, “the inference that … [there] was … a pre-arranged plan to
kidnap [the deceased] for ransom and _to do away with him_ [was] irresistible”
[emphasis added] (at [37]). In other words, the CA in effect found that there
was evidence of a common intention to kill the deceased, even though the High
Court did not make such an explicit finding of fact.

157 In _Lim Poh Lye (HC)_ , the deceased (“Bock”) was stabbed in the legs by
the first accused (“Lim”) and/or another man (“NKS”) whilst being robbed by
Lim, NKS and the second accused (“Koh”). (The evidence was unclear as to
whether it was Lim or NKS who had inflicted the fatal stab wound.) One of the
stab wounds severed the femoral vein in Bock’s right leg and caused Bock to
bleed to death. Lim and Koh were subsequently charged with murder under s 302
of the Penal Code read with s 34 (NKS was not charged as he fled the country).
The trial judge acquitted Lim and Koh of murder, and convicted them instead of
the offence under s 394 of the Penal Code of voluntarily causing hurt in
committing robbery on the ground that “there was no common intention to kill,
and … the gang did not have the common intention to use the knives [which they
had brought with them] for injuring Bock, but merely to frighten him” (see
_Lim Poh Lye (HC)_ at [18]).

158 On appeal by the Prosecution, the CA allowed the appeal and convicted both
Lim and Koh of murder on the ground (applying the putative _Mimi Wong (CCA)_
test) that Bock had been killed in furtherance of the common intention to rob.
However, the CA appeared to have had, at the back of its mind, the belief that
the robbers had meant to use the knives which they had with them to cause some
form of injury to Bock. This can be seen from [60] of _Lim Poh Lye (CA)_ ,
where the CA said:

_While it may well be that the knives were brought to frighten Bock, it must
have been within the contemplation of the trio_ [_ie_ , Lim, Koh and NKS] _to
use them if Bock should turn out to be difficult which was, in fact, the
case_. In any event, we do not see how it could be seriously argued that using
the knife to inflict physical injury, either by Lim or [NKS], would not be in
furtherance of the common intention to rob. [emphasis added]

159 A common intention to commit the criminal act done by the actual doer
which gives rise to the offence charged, even if it is a contingent or dormant
intention (see _Ibra Akanda_ at 363 (reproduced at [105] above)) or “a remote
wish or intention” (see _Nazir_ at [30] (referred to at [132] above)), is
sufficient to render s 34 applicable to secondary offenders, even if they do
not participate in the criminal act done by the actual doer which results in
the offence charged (in this regard, see further [162]–[163] below). From this
perspective, although the putative _Mimi Wong (CCA)_ test was applied by the
CA in _Lim Poh Lye (CA)_ to reverse the trial judge’s acquittal of Lim and Koh
on the facts, it appears to us that on the CA’s view of the evidence, the
_Barendra_ test could have been satisfied. This was because the CA was of the
view that there was sufficient material for a court to find that there was a
common intention on the part of Lim and Koh to rob, as well as a dormant
common intention to use the knives which they had brought with them to stop
Bock from being “difficult” (see _Lim Poh Lye (CA)_ at [60]), if necessary.

The participation element

160 We now turn to examine the third key element of s 34, _viz_ , the
participation element.

161 In _Lee Chez Kee (CA)_ , this court stated (at sub-para (b) of [253])
_vis-à-vis_ the participation element of s 34:

In a “twin crime” situation, there is no need for participation in the
collateral criminal act as well as the primary criminal act; participation in
the primary criminal act would be sufficient for liability to fix on all
subsequent secondary offenders.

There is essentially no departure from this position if the _Barendra_ test is
applied.

162 In _Barendra (PC)_ , it could be said that BKG satisfied the participation
element (for the purposes of being held constructively liable for the offence
of murder) based on one of two alternative grounds – namely, either (a) on the
ground that he had participated in the shooting of the postmaster (the
shooting being the _specific_ criminal act, out of the “unity of criminal
behaviour” (see _Barendra (PC)_ at 9) engaged in by the robbers, that gave
rise to the offence of murder); or (b) on the ground that although he had not
participated in the shooting, he had participated in the robbery, which was
part of the overall plan of the robbers to rob the postmaster and, if
necessary, to shoot him to kill. In other words, it was not necessary for BKG
to have participated in the _specific_ criminal act done which resulted in the
offence that he was charged with (_viz_ , the criminal act of shooting the
postmaster). Instead, all that was required was participation by BKG in any of
the separate acts which collectively made up the “unity of criminal behaviour”
(see _Barendra (PC)_ at 9) engaged in by the robbers pursuant to their common
intention to rob the postmaster and, if necessary, to shoot him to kill.

163 _Barendra (PC)_ therefore indicates that a secondary offender satisfies
the participation requirement if: (a) he participates in the specific criminal
act committed by the actual doer which gives rise to the offence charged; or
(b) he participates in some other criminal act that is done in furtherance of
the common intention of all the offenders (_ie_ , if he participates in any of
the diverse acts which together form the unity of criminal behaviour resulting
in the offence charged, that unity of criminal behaviour being commonly
intended by all the offenders).

Application of s 34 in the present case

164 In the present case, there was no doubt that the Appellants had a common
intention to rob Wan, and all of them participated in the acts constituting
the robbery in furtherance of that common intention (see [57] above). However,
the Judge did not find that the Appellants also had a common intention to
inflict s 300(_c_) injury or any other specific injury on Wan, although he did
find that all three of them knew that violence would be necessary to
facilitate the commission of the robbery. In short, there was no finding of a
common intention among the Appellants to cause Wan’s death or inflict any
specific injury on Wan; the evidence before the court was also, in our view,
insufficient to prove beyond reasonable doubt the existence of such a common
intention. Thus, s 34 had no application to Daniel and Christopher based on
our analysis at [80]–[163] above and, therefore, they could not be held
constructively liable for the offence of s 300(_c_) murder arising from the
criminal act committed by Bala under the _Barendra_ test.

Restatement of the law on constructive liability under s 34

165 The analysis at [80]–[163] above sets out what, in our view, is the
correct interpretation of the law on the imposition of constructive liability
pursuant to s 34. In our view, the putative _Mimi Wong (CCA)_ test is a wrong
formulation of the law applied in _Mimi Wong (CCA) –_ the law applied in that
case was the _Barendra_ test, which was also applied in _Vincent Banka_.

166 The _Barendra_ test, in our view, reflects correctly the true legislative
purpose of s 34, which, in the words of Lord Sumner in _Barendra (PC)_ at 9
(_vis-à-vis_ s 34 IPC), is “to punish participants by making one man
answerable for what another does, provided what is done is done in furtherance
of a common intention”. A criminal act is done in furtherance of a common
intention only if it furthers that common intention, which must be an
intention to do something or to achieve a purpose. The crucial question in
every case where s 34 is invoked is to identify the relevant common intention.
A criminal act which is not commonly intended by all the offenders is
inconsistent with or, at least, outside the scope of the offenders’ common
intention, and cannot be regarded as having been done in furtherance of that
common intention.

167 It must be remembered that a charge of murder founded on s 300(_c_) of the
Penal Code _read with s 34_ (_ie_ , a charge against a _secondary_ offender)
is not the same as a charge against the actual doer (_ie_ , the _primary_
offender), which would be _based on s 300(_ c _) alone_. In the latter case,
it is not necessary to consider whether the actual doer intended to cause the
victim s 300(_c_) injury; instead, it is only necessary to consider whether
the actual doer subjectively intended to inflict the injury which was in fact
inflicted on the victim and, if so, whether that injury was, on an objective
assessment, sufficiently serious to amount to s 300(_c_) injury. In contrast,
in the former case (_ie_ , where a secondary offender is charged with murder
under s 300(_c_) read with s 34), because of the express words “in furtherance
of the common intention of all” in s 34, it is necessary to consider whether
there was a common intention among all the offenders to inflict s 300(_c_)
injury on the victim (the inflicting of such injury being the criminal act
which gives rise to the offence of s 300(_c_) murder). This is a critical
distinction to bear in mind. In this regard, we note that although the trial
judges in _Mimi Wong (HC)_ described one of the common intentions of Mimi and
Sim as the “common intention … of inflicting bodily injury on [Mrs W] with a
knife” (see 70 of _Mimi Wong (HC)_), the common intention in that case was, on
the facts, very specific. It was the common intention to inflict bodily injury
on Mrs W _with a knife_ , and the knife injuries in fact inflicted on Mrs W
were sufficient in the ordinary course of nature to cause death. In other
words, the common intention in _Mimi Wong (HC)_ could easily have been taken
to be a common intention to inflict s 300(_c_) injury.

168 We set out below a non-exhaustive list of various scenarios in which s 34
would apply (these are cases in which the requirements of the _Barendra_ test
would be met) as well as various scenarios in which it would not apply:

(a) A, B and C have a common intention to kill D or cause his death, and all
three of them participate in the criminal act resulting in D’s death. Section
34 would apply to make A, B and C liable for the resultant offence as the
criminal act done by them would have been done in furtherance of their common
intention to kill or cause the death of D. In such a case, because A, B and C
all participated in the criminal act giving rise to the offence charged, it is
not necessary to determine which of them actually caused the death of D or had
the means to cause his death.

(b) A, B and C have a common intention to cause D s 300(_c_) injury, and all
three of them participate in inflicting such injury on D. If D dies from that
injury, s 34 would apply to make A, B and C liable for the resultant offence
(_viz_ , the offence of s 300(_c_) murder) as the criminal act done by them
would have been done in furtherance of the common intention to inflict s
300(_c_) injury on D. Similarly, in such a case, since A, B and C all
participated in the criminal act giving rise to the offence charged, it is not
necessary to determine who actually caused the death of D or had the means to
cause his death.

(c) A, B and C have a common intention to inflict on D a minor injury which is
not likely to cause his death (_eg_ , a common intention to disfigure D’s
face). If C inflicts on D s 300(_c_) injury, s 34 would _not_ apply to make A
and B constructively liable for the offence resulting from C’s criminal act,
_provided_ they do not participate in that act (see also the analogous
scenario at sub-para (e) below). This is because C’s criminal act would not be
consistent with the common intention of A, B and C, and would instead be (at
the very least) outside the scope of that common intention. If, however, A and
B participate in C’s act of inflicting on D s 300(_c_) injury, an inference
may be drawn that A, B and C’s common intention changed on the spot into a
common intention to do the criminal act actually done by C (_ie_ , a common
intention to cause s 300(_c_) injury to D); s 34 would then apply to make A
and B constructively liable for the offence resulting from that criminal act.

(d) A, B and C have a common intention to rob D and to kill him or cause his
death, if necessary, in order to facilitate or accomplish the robbery. If D is
killed by A in the course of the robbery, s 34 would apply to make B and C
constructively liable for the offence resulting from A’s criminal act (which
would have been done in furtherance of the common intention of A, B and C),
provided B and C participated in any of the diverse acts that collectively
constituted the criminal act done in furtherance of the common intention.

(e) A, B and C have a common intention to rob D, but not to cause any physical
harm to him. A, however, kills D to facilitate or accomplish the robbery.
_Provided_ B and C do not participate in A’s criminal act, s 34 would _not_
apply to make them constructively liable for the offence resulting from that
criminal act as that criminal act would not have been done in furtherance of
the common intention of A, B and C. Although A’s criminal act furthers the
robbery, it does not further A, B and C’s common intention in respect of the
robbery (which is to rob D, but not to harm him physically); A’s criminal act
would in fact be _inconsistent_ with or, at least, outside the scope of that
common intention (see also our observations at [61]–[63] above on _Mohamed
Yasin_). If, however, B and C participate in A’s act of killing D, an
inference may be made that A, B and C’s common intention changed on the spot
into a common intention to do the criminal act actually done by A (_ie_ , a
common intention to kill D); s 34 would then apply to make B and C
constructively liable for the offence resulting from that criminal act (see
also sub-para (c) above).

(f) It should also be noted that in the scenario described in sub-para (e)
above, if B and C have subjective knowledge that A might likely kill D in the
course of the robbery and, despite such knowledge, go ahead to participate in
the plan to rob D, and A does indeed kill D while carrying out the robbery, it
may be possible for the court to infer, in an appropriate case, that B and C,
by acquiescing in the likelihood of A committing the criminal act actually
done (_ie_ , the killing of D), themselves shared A’s intention to commit that
criminal act (see _Nga Aung Thein_ at 92 and _Gorachand Gope_ at 456–457 (both
reproduced at [90] above)). We should clarify that the _LCK_ requirement is no
longer in itself a sufficient basis to impute constructive liability to B and
C (the secondary offenders) in this scenario. However, because the _LCK_
requirement is satisfied, the court may infer that the common intention of A,
B and C was in fact not merely to rob D without causing him physical harm, but
was instead to rob D and, if necessary, kill D in order to successfully carry
out the robbery.

169 In reviewing the scope of s 34, we also examined a number of decisions of
the Supreme Court of India on s 34 IPC. These decisions are relevant since, as
mentioned at [80] above, s 34 is merely a re-enactment of s 34 IPC. In
principle, there is no reason for our law on s 34 to be different from India’s
law on s 34 IPC. These decisions are discussed below.

170 In _Hardev Singh and another v The State of Punjab_ AIR 1975 SC 179, the
Supreme Court of India, using the terms “act” and “crime” interchangeably,
said (at [9]):

The view of the High Court [of Punjab and Haryana] that even the person not
committing the particular crime could be held guilty of that crime with the
aid of Section 34 of the [IPC] if the commission of the act was such as could
be shown to be in furtherance of the common intention not necessarily intended
by every one of the participants … is not correct. _The common intention must
be to commit the particular crime, although the actual crime may be committed
by any one sharing the common intention_. [emphasis added]

171 Similarly, in _Bhaba Nanda Sarma_ (the facts of which were outlined
earlier at [142] above), the Supreme Court of India said (at [4]):

To attract the application of S. 34 it must be established beyond any shadow
of doubt that the criminal act was done by several persons in furtherance of
the common intention of all. In other words, the prosecution must prove facts
to justify an inference that _all the participants of the act had shared a
common intention to commit the criminal act which was finally committed by one
or more of the participants_. [emphasis added]

172 In _Surat Singh and another v State of Punjab_ AIR 1977 SC 705 (“ _Surat
Singh_ ”), the facts were as follows. Three persons (“Shingara”, “CS” and
“Surat”) went to the house of the victim (“KS”). Shingara instigated CS to
kill KS, whereupon CS dealt a blow with a spear to the left side of KS’s
chest. After KS fell down, Surat dealt two hatchet blows to the left arm of
KS, causing simple injuries. Shingara, CS and Surat were charged with murder
under s 302 of the IPC read with s 34 IPC. The trial court acquitted all three
men. On appeal, the High Court of Punjab and Haryana upheld Shingara’s
acquittal, but convicted CS and Surat of murder. On further appeal, the
Supreme Court of India affirmed CS’s conviction for murder (save that the
court amended the charge against CS from one under s 302 of the IPC read with
s 34 IPC to one under s 302 _per se_). In contrast, the court allowed Surat’s
appeal. It held that since Surat had only caused KS simple hurt, he could not
be said to have shared the common intention of causing KS’s death. The court
thus set aside the conviction of Surat for murder and convicted him instead of
the offence under s 324 of the IPC (_viz_ , the offence of voluntarily causing
hurt by dangerous weapons or dangerous means). The court said (at [11]):

The High Court [of Punjab and Haryana] says “These facts admit of no doubt
that the injuries were caused by both [CS and Surat] in furtherance of their
common intention.” It did not say that the common intention was to cause death
or to cause such injuries which on [an] objective test were found to be
sufficient in the ordinary course of nature to cause death. The fact that
[Surat] caused only two simple injuries on the arm of [KS] and did not give
any blow on any vital part of the body goes against the view that he had
shared the common intention of causing the death of [KS]. But surely [CS] was
guilty of causing the death of [KS] by giving the fatal blow with [the] spear
on his chest.

This judgment may be compared with Wee CJ’s illustration at [25] of _Mimi Wong
(CCA)_ (reproduced at, _inter alia_ , [139] above).

173 In _Dharam Pal and others v State of Haryana_ AIR 1978 SC 1492 (“ _Dharam
Pal_ ”), the second accused (“Surta”) and the third accused (“Samme”)
accompanied the first accused (“DP”) and his father (“RS”) to teach one Hari
Ram (“HR”) a lesson in connection with an altercation. HR tried to run away
when he saw RS, DP, Surta and Samme armed with weapons coming for him. DP shot
one Sardara (a bystander who had run to HR’s rescue) in the neck, resulting in
Sardara’s death 12 days later. DP, Surta and Samme were charged with and
convicted of murder in furtherance of a common intention. The Supreme Court of
India upheld DP’s conviction, but set aside the convictions of Surta and Samme
on the ground that “[t]here [was] no material to indicate that there was a
pre-arranged plan to murder or to attempt to commit the murder of any person
who might intercede to save [HR]” (at [13]). The court said:

14\. It may be that when some persons start with a pre-arranged plan to commit
a minor offence, they may in the course of their committing the minor offence
come to an understanding to commit the major offence as well. Such an
understanding may appear from the conduct of the persons sought to be made
vicariously liable for the act of the principal culprit or from some other
incriminatory evidence but the conduct or other evidence must be such as not
to leave any room for doubt in that behalf.

15\. A criminal Court fastening vicarious liability must satisfy itself as to
the prior meeting of the minds of the principal culprit and his companions who
are sought to be constructively made liable in respect of every act committed
by the former. There is no law to our knowledge which lays down that a person
accompanying the principal culprit shares his intention in respect of every
act which the latter might eventually commit. The existence or otherwise of
the common intention depends upon the facts and circumstances of each case.
The intention of the principal offender and his companions to deal with any
person who might intervene to stop the quarrel must be apparent from the
conduct of the persons accompanying the principal culprit or [from] some other
clear and cogent incriminating piece of evidence. In the absence of such
material, the companion or companions cannot justifiably be held guilty for
every offence committed by the principal offender. …

174 In _Munna and Ayyia v State of U P_ AIR 1993 SC 278 (“ _Munna_ ”), the two
accused (“Munna” and “Ayyia”) shared a common intention to beat up the victim
(“Nafis”), but not to kill him. In the course of the beating, Munna brought
out a knife and stabbed Nafis, killing him. The trial court convicted Munna of
murder under s 302 of the IPC, and also convicted Ayyia of the same offence
under s 302 read with s 34 IPC. On appeal, the Supreme Court of India upheld
Munna’s conviction for murder, but set aside Ayyia’s conviction for that
offence and substituted it with a conviction for the offence of voluntarily
causing grievous hurt by dangerous weapons or dangerous means under s 326 of
the IPC read with s 34 IPC. The court said (at [4]):

Ayyia[,] though armed with a razor[,] did not choose to use the same. Ayyia
had no idea that [Munna] would take out the knife and cause the fatal injury
to [Nafis]. In the circumstances, it is difficult to attribute to [Ayyia] a
common intention to kill [Nafis] and convict him with the aid of Section 34.
At the most since [Ayyia] knew [Munna] was carrying a weapon and was smarting
under an insult [dealt by Nafis,] he could be said to be aware of the fact
that there was a possibility of Munna causing injury. One can infer that
[Ayyia] shared the common intention to beat up or assault [Nafis] though not
to kill him. In the circumstances, we think that his conviction under Section
302/34 needs to be altered to [a conviction under] Section 326/34.

175 In _Mithu Singh v State of Punjab_ AIR 2001 SC 1929 (“ _Mithu Singh_ ”),
the accused (“Mithu”) accompanied one Bharpur Singh (“BS”) to the house of the
victim (“GK”), each carrying a pistol. Mithu knew that there was enmity
between BS and GK arising out of a civil dispute. When Mithu and BS reached
GK’s house, BS fired a shot at GK and killed her. Mithu and BS then fled. They
were subsequently charged with and convicted of murder in furtherance of a
common intention under s 302 of the IPC read with s 34 IPC. They were also
convicted of the offence under s 27 of the Arms Act 1959 (Act 54 of 1959)
(India) (“the Indian Arms Act”) of possessing arms with intent to use them for
an unlawful purpose. The Supreme Court of India allowed in part the appeal by
Mithu and set aside his conviction for murder (the court, however, upheld his
conviction for the offence under s 27 of the Indian Arms Act). The court
stated:

5\. … The allegation that [BS] and [Mithu] belong to one party faction … is
not based on any concrete fact wherefrom such an inference may be drawn by the
Court and … therefore does not go beyond being merely a[n] ipse dixit of the
witnesses. Therefore, the question arises … [as to] whether an inference, as
to [MS] having shared a common intention to cause the death of [GK] with [BS],
can be drawn?

6\. To substantiate a charge under S. 302 with the aid of S. 34, it must be
shown that the criminal act complained against was done by one of the accused
persons in furtherance of the common intention of … both. Common intention has
to be distinguished from same or similar intention. It is true that it is
difficult, if not impossible, to collect and produce direct evidence in proof
of the intention of the accused and mostly an inference as to intention shall
have to be drawn from the acts or conduct of the accused or other relevant
circumstances, as available. An inference as to common intention shall not be
readily drawn; the culpable liability can arise only if such inference can be
drawn with a certain degree of assurance. At the worst [Mithu] knew that [BS]
was armed with a pistol. The knowledge of previous enmity existing between
[BS] and [GK] can also be attributed to [Mithu]. But there is nothing
available on record to draw an inference that [BS] had gone to the house of
[GK] with the intention of causing her death and [that] _such intention was
known to [Mithu], much less shared by him_. Simply because [Mithu] was himself
armed with a pistol[,] that would not necessarily lead to an inference that he
had also reached the house of [GK] or had accompanied [BS] _with the intention
of causing the death of [GK]_. In our opinion, an inference as to [Mithu] …
having shared with [BS] a common intention of causing the murder of [GK]
cannot be drawn. His conviction under S. 302/34, IPC cannot be sustained and
must be set aside.

[emphasis added]

176 It may be noted that in _Bhaba Nanda Sarma_ , _Surat Singh_ , _Dharam Pal_
, _Munna_ and _Mithu Singh_ , the critical issue was whether the criminal act
done by the actual doer which gave rise to the offence charged was done in
furtherance of a common intention to cause death. In each of those cases, the
Indian Supreme Court was unwilling to infer from the facts that the criminal
act done by the actual doer (giving rise to the offence charged) was done in
furtherance of a common intention to cause death. No doubt, in some cases
(such as _Mithu Singh_), the Indian Supreme Court appeared to have been
excessively cautious in not drawing such an inference. The crucial point to
note, however, is that the Indian Supreme Court’s approach to s 34 IPC is that
this provision will apply only if the criminal act done by several persons
which results in the offence charged is done by one or more of those persons
in furtherance of a common intention to do that very criminal act (_ie_ , the
criminal act which gives rise to the offence charged).

177 In this regard, it is also pertinent to refer to _Emperor v Mujjaffar
Sheikh and another Accused_ AIR 1941 Cal 106, a decision of the High Court of
Calcutta. In that case, the court said (at 109):

In order to make a person constructively liable with the aid of S. 34, [IPC],
for an offence not actually committed by him, it must always be shown that the
person so sought to be made liable had the intention requisite for the
constitution of that particular offence. Thus to make him constructively
liable under S. 34, [IPC], for murder, _it must be proved that he had the
intention of committing murder in common with the person or persons who
actually committed the murder and who were his companions in the joint
criminal act or enterprise. Unless this intention is proved, he cannot be made
liable under the aforesaid section even though the murder [is] committed in
order to accomplish some other object or purpose shared in common_. [emphasis
added]

178 The decisions which we have referred to at [170]–[175] above show that the
Indian Supreme Court has settled on the view that the legislative purpose of s
34 IPC is to make a secondary offender constructively liable for the offence
resulting from a criminal act done by another person (_ie_ , the actual doer)
only where the secondary offender and the actual doer have a common intention
to commit that particular criminal act.

179 To conclude our examination of the scope of s 34, we would refer to an
offence in the Penal Code which, in our view, demonstrates that the putative
_Mimi Wong (CCA)_ test has no basis in principle, resulted in a distortion of
the legislative policy of s 34 and is a misbegotten principle resulting from a
misunderstanding of what Wee CJ said at [23] of _Mimi Wong (CCA)_. That
offence is gang-robbery with murder under s 396 of the Penal Code, which reads
as follows:

If any one of 5 or more persons who are conjointly committing gang-robbery [as
defined in s 391 of the Penal Code] … commits murder in so committing gang-
robbery, every one of those persons shall be punished with death _or
imprisonment for life_ , and if he is not sentenced to death, shall also be
punished with caning of not less than 12 strokes. [emphasis added]

180 Gang-robbery is, by definition, an offence which is committed _conjointly_
by five or more persons (see the definition of “gang-robbery” in s 391 of the
Penal Code); this implies that all the members of the gang must participate in
the robbery with a common intention to rob. Where murder is committed in the
course of a gang-robbery, at least one member of the gang must have had the
intention to either cause the victim’s death (see s 300(_a_) of the Penal
Code) or inflict on the victim one of the types of injury set out in ss
300(_b_)–300(_d_) of the Penal Code, even if the rest of the gang members had
no such intention; otherwise, no murder (as defined in s 300) would have been
committed. In a case of gang-robbery with murder, the court has the
_discretion_ to sentence the gang members to either death or life imprisonment
with caning, depending on their respective roles in the robbery and the murder
(_cf_ the _mandatory_ sentence of death where the offence charged is that of
murder). Members of the gang who, in the court’s view, do not deserve the
death sentence are punished instead with life imprisonment plus at least 12
strokes of the cane.

181 The difference between gang-robbery with murder and what we shall
hereafter term “murder in a non-gang-robbery scenario” (_ie_ , murder
committed in the course of a robbery carried out by a gang of less than five
members) is this: in the former case, s 34 does not need to be invoked to hold
the gang members who are secondary offenders liable for murder since s 396 of
the Penal Code expressly states that all members of the gang “shall be
punished”; in the latter case, however, s 34 needs to be relied on if the
Prosecution seeks to charge those members of the gang who are secondary
offenders with murder. If the putative _Mimi Wong (CCA)_ test does indeed
reflect how s 34 is meant to be applied, the result would be that where
liability for murder in a non-gang-robbery scenario is concerned, it is not
necessary for all the members of the gang to have a common intention to kill
or cause the death of the victim before they can be convicted of murder;
instead, they can be thus convicted so long as one of them kills the victim or
causes his death in furtherance of the common intention to rob.

182 Thus, if the putative _Mimi Wong (CCA)_ test is a correct statement of the
law (_ie_ , if it is indeed the law that B can be held constructively liable
for an offence arising from a criminal act done by A even if B does not have a
common intention with A to commit that criminal act), then, where murder is
committed in the course of a gang-robbery, there would be no reason for the
Prosecution to rely on s 396 of the Penal Code, which requires proof of,
specifically, an intention on the part of at least one member of the gang to
commit one of the criminal acts set out in s 300. It would be far easier for
the Prosecution to simply rely, instead, on s 300 of the Penal Code read with
s 34 because – according to the putative _Mimi Wong (CCA)_ test – it would
then be unnecessary for the Prosecution to prove a common intention among all
the gang members to commit one of the criminal acts set out in s 300. All that
would be needed is proof that the criminal act constituting the offence of
murder was committed in furtherance of a common intention to engage in some
“unity of criminal behaviour” (see _Barendra (PC)_ at 9) – a condition which
would invariably be satisfied since the actual doer must have committed that
criminal act in furtherance of the gang members’ common intention to commit
robbery.

183 However, the fact is that s 396 of the Penal Code has been retained all
these years and currently still remains in this form. This indicates that the
Legislature does _not_ intend the members of a gang, where gang-robbery with
murder is committed, to be prosecuted for murder based on s 300 read with s
34. The result is that the putative _Mimi Wong (CCA)_ test would apply _vis-à-
vis_ murder in a non-gang-robbery scenario (where the offence charged (_viz_ ,
murder) is punishable with the _mandatory_ death penalty), whereas s 396 of
the Penal Code would apply in a case of gang robbery with murder (where the
death penalty is _discretionary_ for the offence charged) – even though the
latter (_ie_ , gang-robbery with murder) is, paradoxically, the more serious
offence in so far as it involves a larger number of people jointly
participating in a criminal enterprise. This result is not rational from a
policy point of view as gang-robbery should be regarded as a more serious
threat to the safety of the community than a robbery which is not a gang-
robbery, given that gang-robbery involves, by definition, a larger number of
robbers.

184 In short, if the putative _Mimi Wong (CCA)_ test were good law, there
would be a misalignment between, on the one hand, the legislative policy on
gang-robbery with murder and, on the other hand, the legislative policy on
murder in a non-gang-robbery scenario (as well as the legislative policy on
the imposition of constructive liability on secondary offenders pursuant to s
34 generally). In our view, it is desirable that the legislative policy
underlying s 34 be aligned with that underlying s 396 of the Penal Code. These
two legislative policies have been misaligned ever since the putative _Mimi
Wong (CCA)_ test arose. Our restatement of the law on s 34 will align these
two legislative policies.

Conclusion

185 For the reasons given above, we allow this appeal in so far as Daniel and
Christopher are concerned and set aside their convictions for murder. We
shall, in substitution, convict them of the offence of robbery with hurt under
s 394 of the Penal Code read with s 34. We order this case, in so far as
Daniel and Christopher are concerned, to be remitted to the Judge for
sentencing on a date to be fixed.

186 As for Bala, notwithstanding his confirmation at the hearing before this
court on 9 April 2009 that he is no longer challenging his conviction for
murder, we have reviewed his conviction and we agree with the Judge’s decision
that he is guilty of murder. We accordingly uphold his conviction for murder,
save that the charge against him is to be amended to one under s 302 of the
Penal Code _per se_ , and dismiss this appeal where he is concerned.

* * *

[note: 1]See the Record of Proceedings (“the RP”) at vol 4A, p 894.

[note: 2]See the RP at vol 4A, p 774.

[note: 3]_Ibid_.

[note: 4]See the RP at vol 2, p 609 and vol 3, pp 839 and 926.

[note: 5]See the RP at vol 4B, pp 915–916.

[note: 6]See the RP at vol 4B, p 914.

[note: 7]See the RP at vol 4B, pp 926–929.

[note: 8]See the RP at vol 4B, p 930.

[note: 9]See the RP at vol 4B, pp 948–956.

[note: 10]See the CSOF at para 9 (at vol 4B, p 950 of the RP).

[note: 11]See the CSOF at paras 10–11 (at vol 4B, p 951 of the RP).

[note: 12]See the CSOF at para 11 (at vol 4B, p 951 of the RP).

[note: 13]See the CSOF at para 13 (at vol 4B, p 951 of the RP).

[note: 14]_Ibid_.

[note: 15]See the RP at vol 1, pp 373–374.

[note: 16]See the RP at vol 4, pp 1–2.

[note: 17]See the RP at vol 4A, p 892.

[note: 18]_Ibid_.

[note: 19]See the RP at vol 4, pp 203–212.

[note: 20]See the RP at vol 4, pp 303–324.

[note: 21]See the RP at vol 4, p 324.

[note: 22]See the RP at vol 4, p 12.

[note: 23]See the RP at vol 4, pp 144–150.

[note: 24]See the RP at vol 3, pp 1088–1089.

[note: 25]See the RP at vol 3, p 1089.

[note: 26]_Ibid_.

[note: 27]See para 131 of the respondent’s written submissions dated 9 April
2009.

[note: 28]_Id_ at para 173.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 03 Sep 2010 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

