Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Lim Chin San Contractors Pte Ltd _v_ Shiok Kim Seng (trading as IKO
Precision Toolings)  
[2010] SGHC 243

Case Number| :| Suit No 1019 of 2009  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 19 August 2010  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Philip Pillai J  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Thio Shen Yi SC (instructed counsel) (TSMP Law
Corporation) and Kelvin Chia Swee Chye (Balkenende Chew & Chia) for the
plaintiff; The defendant in person.  
Parties| :|  Lim Chin San Contractors Pte Ltd — Shiok Kim Seng (trading as IKO
Precision Toolings)  
  
19 August 2010| Judgment reserved.  
---|---  
  
Philip Pillai J:

Introduction

1 The plaintiff is the developer of Alpha Industrial Building (“the building”)
and the owner of, _inter alia_ , unit #05-11 in the building (“the unit”). The
defendant was the tenant of the unit under two successive tenancy agreements.
The formal terms of both leases have run out. In this action, the plaintiff is
claiming for the repossession of the unit, arrears in rent and double rent for
holding over. The defendant is resisting the claim on the basis that he is
entitled to purchase the unit pursuant to a contractual right or proprietary
estoppel. There is also the issue of who should bear the responsibility for
the construction of a mezzanine floor in the unit which is irregular under
planning regulations.

Facts

2 The plaintiff was represented by instructed counsel, Mr Thio Shen Yi SC. Its
sole witness was Mr Lim Chin Leong, the plaintiff’s managing director. The
defendant, Mr Shiok, appeared in person. He gave evidence himself and also
called Mr Yeo Hock Chuan who is a property agent who acted for him in his
initial dealings with the plaintiff. The evidence is as follows.

The first tenancy agreement

3 Mr Lim and Mr Shiok first met sometime in late November or early December
2004. On 9 December 2004 they entered into a tenancy agreement for the unit
(“the first tenancy agreement”). The term was for two years, from 1 January
2005 to 31 December 2006. Rent was fixed at $3,200 a month. Clause 3(d) of the
first tenancy agreement read:[note: 1]

During the term of the Tenancy, THE LANDLORD agrees not to sell THE SAID
PREMISES to any purchasers other than THE TENANT at the predetermined sale
price of **Singapore Dollars Four Hundred Sixty Two Thousand And Fifty Four
Only (S$462,054.00) or at S$159.00 per sqft** , exclusive of GST and stamp
duty which are payable by THE TENANT. All rental payable shall be calculated
till the date of sale completion.

4 Mr Lim characterised clause 3(d) as follows in his Affidavit of Evidence-in-
Chief (“AEIC”) at [10]:

The aforesaid Clause 3(d) of the 1st Tenancy Agreement is, as I am advised, a
right of pre-emption. While the right was subsisting, the Plaintiffs were not
allowed to sell the Premises to anybody except the Defendant.

It is pertinent to note that Mr Lim, rather artfully, stopped shy of saying
that _he_ understood clause 3(d) to be a right of pre-emption. Mr Lim’s
evidence on the stand, when he was cross-examined by Mr Shiok, was
significantly different. On the second day of the trial, there was this
exchange:[note: 2]

Q:During [our first meeting in December 2004], we conclude the rental of the
unit 05-11 and the option to purchase the unit at $159 per square feet. Do you
agree?

A:Yes, I agree.

A similar exchange was as follows:[note: 3]

Q:I will put it to you, if you have not given me the option to purchase at
159, I would not have invest in this unit, neither would I take up the rental.

A:I disagree with you. It’s stated very clearly in the tenancy agreement that
you have to buy within the tenancy agreement and I’m willing to sell you at
$159 per square feet. But it was very unfortunate that you do – that you did
not take this opportunity to buy at all.

Q:Look, Mr Lim, I put it you to you at a later stage on this issue, because
all this is going to happen in December 2006 and I want you to know, do you –
and I put it to you that $159 per square feet was to me an option to purchase
and –

Def:Your Honour, I – I’ll rephrase it again, correct.

Q:Do you agree that the discussion ended with $3,200 for 2 + 2 rental lease
with an option to purchase at $159 per square feet?

A:Yes, I agree but it was for the first 2-year.

Likewise, on the fourth day of the trial:[note: 4]

Q:In December 2004, I came to Alpha Building with my agent Jeffrey Yeo and we
met you there. Do you agree?

A:Yes.

Q:Mm. Do you agree that during this meeting, we discussed the tenancy
agreement and the option to purchase?

A:Yes.

And later on the same day:[note: 5]

Q:[Refers to clause 3(d) of tenancy agreement]

A:Yes.

Q:Yah, do you agree that, er, I have the first right to buy this unit within
the 2 years’ tenancy agreement?

A:Yes.

All these were not changed in re-examination, where Mr Thio sought to
establish that there was no option granted between the parties:[note: 6]

Q:Now, earlier this morning, you were asked this question, that you agreed –
during the meeting on December 04, you discussed the tenancy agreement and
option to purchase and you said yes. Now, a lot of terms have been used
loosely, so what I want you to do, is go to the plaintiff’s bundle of
documents, grey bundle. The tenancy agreement is at page 9. When you say
“option to purchase”, what are you referring to in this tenancy agreement?

A:Actually the word option to purchase is – is the tenancy is given at that
point in time within 2 years to purchase and within the 2 year, 3 months
before the expiry, he has to make his option to purchase.

Q:No, no, sorry. Which part of the tenancy agreement are you referring – does
this “option to purchase” refer to? Because just now what you said is the
option –

A:I think it is 3 – 3(d), page 12.

Q:3(g).

A:3(d). Denmark.

Q:Okay. [Moves on.]

5 Mr Shiok and Mr Yeo were also cross-examined on the meaning of clause 3(d).
Unsurprisingly, they confirmed that it was a right of pre-emption. However,
they were not examined on the actual understanding reached between themselves.
This is an issue which was obviously relevant because of Mr Shiok’s insistence
that he had an option and Mr Lim’s repeated agreement on the stand with Mr
Shiok’s point that an option was in fact the true arrangement between them.

Renovations and the construction of the mezzanine floor

6 After signing the first tenancy agreement, Mr Shiok proceeded to renovate
the unit. The renovation took five to six months. The contractor was Heng
Loong Construction (“Heng Loong”), of which Mr Lim was a partner. The invoices
issued by Heng Loong to Mr Shiok totalled $106,176.63.[note: 7] The work done
included the construction of a mezzanine floor which effectively doubled the
floor area of the unit. After the renovations were completed, Mr Shiok began
operating his business from the unit. He ran a precision engineering business
and his plant included heavy machinery.

7 The mezzanine floor turned out to be irregular and has since been removed
pursuant to an order of Judith Prakash J. The issue is who should be
responsible for the irregularity. The irregularity, which was pointed out to
the plaintiff by the Urban Redevelopment Authority (“URA”) on 18 December 2006
and by the Building and Construction Authority (“BCA”) on 25 January 2007,
seemed to arise from the fact that the mezzanine floor area caused the gross
floor area of the building to exceed the permitted limit. The precise nature
of the irregularity was not clearly explained by either party. But both
parties agreed on the fact of the irregularity and it is sufficient for
present purposes to proceed on that basis.

8 In his AEIC at [9], Mr Shiok deposed that Mr Lim represented to him during
their first meeting that the floor area of the unit could be expanded by
constructing a mezzanine floor. At [10], Mr Shiok went on to say that Mr Lim
represented to him that “they” would do all the relevant work and take care of
obtaining the relevant approvals, _etc_ , from the relevant government bodies.

9 In his AEIC, Mr Yeo Hock Chuan, who was Mr Shiok’s property agent at the
time of the first tenancy agreement, deposed that Mr Lim had represented to Mr
Shiok that the floor area of the unit could be expanded by the construction of
a mezzanine floor, and that Mr Lim could carry out the construction and attend
to all approval requirements. He also said that Mr Lim showed Mr Shiok a room
where Mr Lim already built a mezzanine floor and told Mr Shiok he could do the
same. According to Mr Yeo, all this happened in his presence. During cross-
examination, Mr Yeo conceded that he did not hear Mr Lim represent to Mr Shiok
that approval of the mezzanine was guaranteed.[note: 8]

10 In his AEIC at [7]–[8], Mr Lim deposed that the plaintiff was prepared to
allow Mr Shiok to construct the mezzanine floor, but did not warrant that the
structure was or would be approved. At [28], Mr Lim elaborated that neither
the plaintiff nor Heng Loong nor himself had ever represented, warranted,
promised or agreed that the said works could be used by Mr Shiok as a
mezzanine floor – any risk of illegality was assumed solely by Mr Shiok.

11 However, Mr Lim took varying positions in cross-examination. At first, he
said that, as of November 2004 and for six months thereafter, nobody knew what
a mezzanine floor was - it was only in April 2007 that the BCA raised the
issue with the developer and the proprietors.[note: 9] Shortly after, however,
Mr Lim said that, during the same period, all the proprietors of the building,
including Mr Shiok, knew that a mezzanine floor was not allowed.[note: 10] A
while later, when confronted with a police report by another proprietor that
he was misled as to the legality of building a mezzanine floor, Mr Lim said
that he could write off the report, as well as other similar reports by other
proprietors, because he had told them that a mezzanine floor was
illegal.[note: 11] Finally, when confronted with an invoice dated 1 June 2005
which expressly referred to “Partition Work at Mezzanine”, Mr Lim said that
the building of mezzanine floors was rampant at that time; he did the work at
Mr Shiok’s request; and the issue was not what he knew or did not know.[note:
12] Mr Shiok’s various and varying positions contradict each other. If no one
knew what a mezzanine floor was, they would not have known or been told that
it was not allowed. If it was not allowed and they knew that, then why was Mr
Lim building a mezzanine floor for Mr Shiok through Heng Loong?

12 It is also pertinent to refer to the following letter dated 27 November
2006 from 3P Architects to the URA on behalf of the plaintiff, where the
following passage is found:[note: 13]

We would like to seek your advice on payment of differential premium that may
be leviable by Commissioner of Lands if we are proposing to increase the gross
floor area to 11,602.59 sq m where the plot ratio will be 2.022 exceeding the
allowable GPR of 2.00.

It was only after the URA refused permission that the plaintiff wrote to the
relevant proprietors, including Mr Shiok, to remove their mezzanine floors.
Prior to that, there is no evidence of the plaintiff giving any kind of
warning to the proprietors. This application by 3P Architects on behalf of the
plaintiff is consistent with the plaintiff having represented to Mr Shiok that
he could build a mezzanine floor.

13 On balance, therefore, I believe Mr Shiok’s story in this regard. I find
that, during their first meeting, Mr Lim must have told Mr Shiok that a
mezzanine floor could be built and that he would apply for the necessary
approvals for the mezzanine floor. There is also no evidence that Mr Lim
warned Mr Shiok that a mezzanine floor would be irregular until approved.
Since Heng Loong had not entered the picture at this point, these
representations must have been made on behalf of the plaintiff. I also find
that these representations must have materially induced Mr Shiok into entering
into the first tenancy agreement.

Valuation report

14 Separately, Mr Shiok also obtained a valuation report from Jones Lang
LaSalle Property Consultants Pte Ltd. The report was dated October 2005. The
purpose of the report, as stated therein, was “[t]o determine the open market
value of the subject property for financing purposes.” The report determined
that the open market value of the unit was $470,000. It noted that the
mezzanine floor had not been approved, and therefore excluded it from
consideration. It is pertinent to note that the report was given _after_ the
renovation works were completed. Thus it cannot be evidence that Mr Shiok
proceeded with the construction of the mezzanine floor knowing that it was
irregular.

The transition to the second tenancy agreement

15 Mr Shiok deposed in his AEIC at [29] –[32] that, after he entered into the
first tenancy agreement, he always evinced an intention to purchase the unit.
He also deposed that his intention was communicated clearly and unambiguously
to the plaintiff. However, he conceded in cross-examination that his alleged
intention to buy the unit was never expressed in writing. The earliest
document where such an intention was recorded was dated 28 August 2008,[note:
14] when the parties’ relationship had already become acrimonious.

16 As far as the documentary evidence went, there was a letter dated 10
October 2006 by the plaintiff asking Mr Shiok to confirm with the plaintiff by
16 November 2006 whether he wished to renew the tenancy for another two years
at a monthly rent of $3,680.[note: 15] On 27 November 2006, Mr Shiok replied
to request the then-existing rate of rent, $3,200, to remain if he renewed the
tenancy. Mr Lim made this note on the letter:[note: 16]

_“Pending”_

Due to complication this unit cannot be sold till Sept 2007.

[Mr Lim’s signature]

4 Dec 2006

The authenticity of the note was not disputed. The cross-examination of Mr Lim
on the two letters and his note is as follows:[note: 17]

Q:And do you agree at that time this letter [_ie_ the plaintiff’s letter of 10
October 2006] is to increase the rental rate to 3,680 per month?

A:In fact you should be the one before the ter – before the expiry of the
tenancy agreement write to us, 3 months before the expiry –

Q:Yes.

A:– and this is the second month before the expiry. In fact we are doing you a
favour.

Q:I put it to you I – that time I do not intend to rent and I intend to buy
and in fact I chase you for the S&P agreement.

A:Er, in fact you was the one who asked for the three drawings, who asked for
the valuation.

Q:I put it to you the three drawing was in 2005, correct, and this one was in
2006.

A:Yes.

Q:That was for my valuation purpose only.

A:Yes, it was the three drawings that you requested for valuation to buy the
property.

Q:Yes, at that time I trusted you because our relationship is very cordial and
I didn’t realise you are such a, you know, person.

A:Let – let me finish saying. Then you carry on. It was you who requested for
the three drawings that you wanted to do a valuation to purchase the property
and somehow you couldn’t get the loan; you abandoned the whole purchase. In
fact the option to purchase was issued to you. You did not give it back to us,
so how can you now say we did not issue an option to purchase?

Q:I put it to you I did not receive the option to purchase. If not, I would
have activated it. And I’d like to point the Court to [the note]. If I have
not activated the request to buy, why do you need to write?

A:Er, for your information, this is actually a domestic or rather internal
communication to which you have no privilege. Very unfortunately –

Q:No –

A:– this letter was faxed to you and it wasn’t even said “faxed to you”. It
just said pending, that’s all. It was not faxed to you at all, just that my
office go and make a mistake and faxed it to you.

Q:Mm.

A:So you cannot use it as a bullet to fire us.

There was no re-examination of Mr Lim on this point.

17 There is also some correspondence indicating that Mr Shiok was in arrears
of his rent payments at this point in time, although it seemed that he
subsequently paid up.

18 In any event, the parties signed a second tenancy agreement sometime in
March 2007 (“the second tenancy agreement”) for a two year term. The term
began retrospectively from 1 January 2007 and continued to 31 December 2008.
The rent remained at $3,200 a month. Clause 2(f)(iii) of the second tenancy
agreement provided that Mr Shiok shall:[note: 18]

During the currency of this tenancy, to allow the Landlord or its
representatives at all reasonable times to bring any interested parties to
view the said premises in the event of a prospective sale thereof. The said
premises shall be sold subject to this tenancy.

Clause 4(i) of the second tenancy agreement provided that:[note: 19]

During the term of the Tenancy, THE LANDLORD agrees not to sell THE SAID
PREMISES to any purchasers other than THE TENANT at the sale price which will
be determined after the CSC.

While it is not relevant to any issue before me, I note that the plaintiff
appeared to have dated its copy of the second tenancy agreement unilaterally
as Mr Shiok’s copy is undated.

19 In his AEIC, Mr Lim deposed that clause 4(i) of the second tenancy
agreement (which he also characterised as a right of pre-emption) differed
from clause 3(d) of the first tenancy agreement because of worries that the
issues surrounding the construction of the mezzanine floor will delay the
application for the Certificate of Statutory Completion (“CSC”) and render the
plaintiff liable for liquidated damages to a purchaser.

20 It is significant to note that Mr Lim claimed that this worry arose on or
before November 2006 when the application for the CSC was submitted. This was
materially different from his evidence in cross-examination that he only knew
about the mezzanine floor in April 2007 (see _supra_[11]). It is also
pertinent to note that Mr Lim’s explanation is not congruent with his position
in his AEIC that there was only a right of pre-emption between the parties –
if this was so, whether or not the unit was sold would be entirely in the
power of the plaintiff.

21 For his part, Mr Shiok claimed that he entered into the second tenancy
agreement because he had no choice:[note: 20]

Court: |  ... Let me ask you a simple question. Whatever your understanding –  
---|---  
Shiok: |  Yes.  
Court: |  – the language in the tenancy agreement, the first one and the second one, say what they say, okay? So if you have an understanding. You say, “Oh I think the 3.2 – 3d) in the first agreement have been taken out and repeated in the new tenancy agreement”. It is not?  
Shiok: |  It is not, yes.  
Court: |  Okay. So how come – what is your understanding? You’re saying this agreement don’t matter? This is my understanding and this you agree? That – is that what you’re saying?  
Shiok: |  No, my understanding was that that’s why there was a delay of 3 months because I – I do not agree to his new second tenancy agreement.  
Court: |  But finally you signed it?  
Shiok: |  Yes, that’s because, er, I’m forced to sign. And, er, in fact was written in my – written in my affidavit – in one of my affidavits that was submitted. And I can point it out to the Court, mm.  
Thio: |  No, we’ve seen – we – we – you’ve already mentioned it, Mr – and Mr Shiok, you can –  
Court: |  He already said “I’m forced to sign”. Is that – is that what you mean by duress?  
Shiok: |  Yes. It is like putting a – putting a throat to – to – putting a knife to my throat and, you know, “If you don’t sign, we will chase you out.”  
Thio: |  But let me just –  
Shiok: |  And that – that is a – is a distress to me. And, er, I – I – I have choice because my investment is so high and, er, you know, how to – what shall I do. And it’s not said I – I immediately January I signed because I’m still willing and still able to purchase the unit at that time. And I need the purchase S&P agreement and he refused to put the price. And the only reason was the CSC application but to me, I believe him at that time but when I saw the tenancy agreement, I – I entirely don’t believe this person. And then the words he – he promised to have a management meeting and, you know, come back to me and ask me to wait and after –  
Thio: |  Okay.  
  
  

It was also suggested to Mr Shiok that he could not have activated the option
because he was not able to pay the purchase price. An Enhanced Individual
Search was adduced showing a number of bankruptcy applications against him. Mr
Thio relied particularly on a suit brought in 2007 by Hitachi Capital
Singapore Pte Ltd for $168,787.00. The suit has not been discontinued. But the
search showed that no action has been taken since 2007. In the circumstances,
the Enhanced Individual Search does not establish whether or not he was in a
position to pay the purchase price.

22 Notwithstanding his allegation of duress, Mr Shiok also at one point seemed
to say that he accepted the second tenancy agreement:[note: 21]

Q:But if you intend to purchase the unit –

A:Yah.

Q:– you can tell Mr Lim, “Oh, Mr Lim, does not worry about rent. I’m just
going to buy the unit. Then it will – it’s mine, I don’t have to pay you
anymore rent.” Why didn’t you say that?

A:Yah, I already say that to Mr Lim and –

Q:Why didn’t you say this in writing?

A:– to – for him to give me the S&P also. And this is only a proposal. It’s
not a – it’s not, er, something like, you know, an insistent. It’s – I’m just
proposing, “If, okay, and let’s” –

Q:Yes.

A:The situation is this way: If it’s okay –

Q:Mr Shiok –

A:No, no, I just put the – this, er, way of, er, explanation to you at that
time of situation. If it’s okay the rent at 3,200 and there’s no much change
on the tenancy agreement and the price they want to maintain, you know, I – I
might go for the tenancy agreement. This is my – my –

Q:Oh, so if the price didn’t change –

A:Yes.

Q:– you might go for the tenancy agreement.

A:Yes.

Q:You might not exercise your –

A:Yes, I might not.

Q:– option to purchase, is it?

A:Yes, yes.

Q:Is that what you are saying?

A:Yes.

Subsequent events

23 Subsequently, matters deteriorated further. Mr Shiok refused to remove the
mezzanine floor and to pay rent. The plaintiff sought to evict him and remove
the mezzanine floor. As mentioned (see _supra_[7]), Judith Prakash J allowed
the plaintiff to remove the mezzanine floor, and this was accomplished on
29-30 January 2010. Mr Shiok was very badly affected by this turn of events.
The conduct of his business was substantially impaired with the demolition of
the mezzanine floor and has now ceased. He is now in poor financial straits
and is facing bankruptcy. During the trial, he was visibly stirred when he
cross-examined Mr Lim, and clearly felt himself to have been victimised. In
fact, he had to be hospitalised after the second day of the trial, which
caused the trial to be delayed for 3 months.

Analysis

24 The formal terms of both tenancy agreements have ended. Hence, unless Mr
Shiok is able to establish some other right to possession of the unit, he must
surrender possession to the plaintiff.

Contract

25 Mr Shiok’s first argument was founded on contract - specifically, that he
had a contractual option to purchase pursuant to clause 3(d) of the first
tenancy agreement.

26 On its face, clause 3(d) only granted a right of pre-emption. For present
purposes that is significantly different from an option to purchase because
the plaintiff has not made any offer to sell the unit. There was no way in
which the words in clause 3(d) could have been construed as amounting to the
grant of an option. However, Mr Lim’s evidence on the stand strongly indicated
that the parties’ understanding was that an option to purchase was granted.
This is fortified by the fact that Mr Shiok spent six months and over $100,000
for Heng Loong to renovate the unit. This amounted to a quarter of the term of
the first tenancy agreement and over thirty times the monthly rent, and it is
very doubtful that he would have done so if there was not some understanding
between the parties that he could purchase the unit. On this basis, I would
have granted rectification of clause 3(d) but for the fact that both Mr Shiok
and Mr Lim also seem to accept, rather confusingly, that clause 3(d) correctly
captured the contractual agreement between them. In the absence of a mistake
as to the language used, rectification is not possible.

Proprietary estoppel

27 Mr Shiok’s next argument was proprietary estoppel. For present purposes,
the general elements of proprietary estoppel are sufficiently stated by
Sundaresh Menon JC in _Hong Leong Singapore Finance Ltd v United Overseas Bank
Ltd_ [2007] 1 SLR(R) 292 at [170]: there must be a representation concerning a
right or interest in land by the party against whom the estoppel is sought to
be raised, and reliance and detriment on the part of the party seeking to
raise the estoppel.

28 The unique feature of this case is that the proprietary estoppel is said to
exist _alongside_ formal contractual arrangements, _viz_ , the two tenancy
agreements. As a matter of principle, I do not think that proprietary estoppel
is necessarily precluded by the existence of a formal contract between the
parties, whether the contract was entered into prior to, contemporaneous with,
or subsequent to the representation which is said to have given rise to the
estoppel. Of course, the existence of a formal contract is an important fact
to be considered in determining whether an estoppel has arisen. For example, a
prior or contemporaneous contract may give rise to an inference that the
representation which was not reduced into contract was not, when objectively
viewed, intended to be relied upon. A subsequent contract, where the parties
redefine their previously informal relationship, may lead to the conclusion
that the equity raised by the estoppel has been displaced by the subsequent
agreement of the parties. There are other possibilities, and everything
depends on the facts of each case. The overarching inquiry remains, as Oliver
J put it in his influential restatement in _Taylors Fashions Ltd v Liverpool
Victoria Trustees Co Ltd_ [1982] 1 QB 133 at 151–152, “whether, in particular
individual circumstances, it would be unconscionable for a party to be
permitted to deny that which, knowingly, or unknowingly, he has allowed or
encouraged another to assume to his detriment”.

29 On the evidence, I find that Mr Lim must have represented to Mr Shiok, at
the time the first tenancy agreement was signed, that he could buy the unit at
some point in time. Otherwise Mr Shiok would not have invested so much into
the unit. The renovation by Heng Loong alone cost over $100,000 and took six
months. This expenditure in terms of money and time could not have been
justified on the formal terms of the first tenancy agreement which lasted two
years and for which Mr Shiok was willing to pay $3,200 a month. For the same
reason, I find that the representation cannot be intended to be subsumed
_within_ the first agreement. In particular, the first tenancy agreement’s
duration of two years shows that it must have existed as an understanding
between the parties _alongside_ their contractual arrangements. I find
additional support for this conclusion in the note scribbled by Mr Lim on Mr
Shiok’s letter of 27 November 2006 (see _supra_[16]), stating that a sale
might be delayed to September 2007 pending the issuance of the CSC. The note
may well be an internal note, as Mr Lim claimed. However, its existence
indicated that the possibility of a sale to Mr Shiok, albeit outside the terms
of the first tenancy agreement, was very much on the mind of Mr Lim.
Otherwise, there seemed no reason why the note would be scribbled on Mr Lim’s
letter, as opposed to some other place.

30 I therefore find, on the basis of the parties’ dealings during the first
tenancy agreement, that Mr Lim had represented to Mr Shiok that he could buy
the unit. And in material and detrimental reliance thereon, Mr Shiok entered
into the first tenancy agreement, renovated the unit and built the mezzanine
floor. Admittedly, the _precise_ terms of the representation cannot be
established on the evidence before me. But that in itself is not a problem
given that I am satisfied that some representation must have been made. The
equity arising from proprietary estoppel “need not fail merely on the ground
that the interest to be secured has not been expressly indicated”: _Plimmer
and another v The Mayor, Councillors, and Citizens of the City of Wellington_
(1884) 9 App Cas 699 at 713. Given my findings, and since Mr Lim was acting on
behalf of the plaintiff, a proprietary estoppel was therefore raised against
the plaintiff.

31 The next question is the effect of the second tenancy agreement and the
events surrounding it. Here the evidence is rather sketchy and inconclusive.
As mentioned, there is no documentary evidence that Mr Shiok attempted to buy
the unit. On the other hand, it appears that some parts of the parties’
dealings were undocumented or at least not presented to the court. For
example, there is no documentary evidence supporting Mr Lim’s testimony that
an option was presented at some point in time to Mr Shiok. There is also no
evidence with respect to the parties’ discussions on the second tenancy
agreement. As for the second tenancy agreement, I do not think that Mr Shiok
was compelled by economic duress to enter into it such that it could be set
aside. As mentioned (see _supra_[22]), Mr Shiok showed that he was willing to
accept the second tenancy agreement as a substitute for an outright purchase.
Also, as Mr Thio pointed out, duress was not pleaded. At the same time,
however, it seemed clear that entering into the agreement was not a clear cut
decision for both parties, given the three month delay between the expiry of
the first tenancy agreement in December 2006 and the signing of the second
tenancy agreement in March 2007. I do not think that the difficulties which
must have been faced by the parties in negotiating a new agreement were
entirely attributable to Mr Shiok’s failure to pay rent in December 2006 ,
January and February2007. The arrears seemed to have ceased after that, and I
infer that they were a consequence, rather than a cause, of the difficulties
faced by the parties going forward. On balance, I would accept Mr Shiok’s
evidence that he felt constrained to some extent by the investment he already
put into the unit.

32 In all these circumstances, I cannot unequivocally conclude that the mere
entering into the second tenancy agreement can be regarded as wholly
satisfying or displacing the equity raised by the estoppel. The just and
correct approach would be to consider all these circumstances in satisfying
the equity raised by the initial estoppel, bearing in mind that “[h]ere equity
is displayed at its most flexible”: _per_ Lord Denning MR in _Crabb v Arun
District Council_ [1976] 1 Ch 179 at 189.

33 On the facts, I think an outright order to sell the unit to Mr Shiok is out
of the question. Mr Shiok seemed to be in no position to buy the unit although
he gave evidence of unnamed persons who were willing to back him up. In my
view, the better and more precise remedy is an award of damages to put into Mr
Shiok into the position he would be in had he not entered into the two tenancy
agreements. This would reverse any detriment he has suffered, as well as take
into account any benefit he had enjoyed as a result of entering into the
tenancy agreements. I should add that, on assessment, if Mr Shiok was in fact
better off after the two tenancy agreements, then he would have suffered no
detriment, and justice would have been served.

34 As a corollary that damages are the appropriate remedy, Mr Shiok has no
right to continue in the premises after the expiry of the second tenancy
agreement.

The mezzanine floor

35 The mezzanine floor issue is relevant for deciding whether the second
tenancy agreement was rightfully terminated. However, it does not affect the
overall proprietary estoppel analysis and it is thus not necessary for me to
decide the point. It is sufficient for me to observe that the plaintiff, Heng
Loong and Mr Lim (who was the agent of both the plaintiff and Heng Loong) do
not seem to have conducted themselves in a way that was beyond reproach in
their dealings with Mr Shiok.

Conclusion

36 I therefore give judgment in the following terms:

(a)

If he has not already done so, Mr Shiok is to vacate the unit within six weeks
of this judgment, failing which he is to pay the plaintiff rent at the rate of
$6,400 a month, pro-rated accordingly.

(b)

Mr Shiok is entitled to damages to be assessed to restore him to the position
he would be in had he not entered into the two tenancy agreements. The
registrar is to assess the totality of rental, renovations and mezzanine floor
payments made by him against the totality of benefits received by him in
connection with the first tenancy until the date of vacation of the premises.
Subject to this overriding aim, the assessing registrar should consider,
_inter alia_ , the amount of money Mr Shiok spent on renovating and improving
the unit, including the building and removal of the mezzanine floor and the
profits from his business conducted therein. I appreciate that a precise
measure would not be possible – any evidential difficulties should be resolved
in an equitable manner and in the spirit of my judgment.

(c)

The parties are at liberty to clarify the terms of my orders above, and to
apply for any ancillary order to give effect to my judgment.

37 Mr Shiok is entitled to his costs of the trial. The costs of the assessment
are reserved to the registrar, who will also decide on interest.

* * *

[note: 1]Defendant’s Bundle of Documents (“DBD”) p 14

[note: 2]Notes of Evidence (“NE”), 21 January 2010, p 12

[note: 3]NE, 21 January 2010, p 23

[note: 4]NE, 26 April 2010, p 9

[note: 5]NE, 26 April 2010, p 52

[note: 6]NE, 26 April 2010, p 57

[note: 7]See the Bundle of Quotation and Invoices

[note: 8]NE, 27 April 2010, p 73

[note: 9]NE, 26 April 2010, pp 14-15

[note: 10]NE, 26 April 2010, p 20

[note: 11]NE, 26 April 2010, p 22

[note: 12]NE, 26 April 2010, pp 34-35

[note: 13]PBD, p 34

[note: 14]DBD, p 165

[note: 15]Plaintiff’s Bundle of Documents (“PBD”), p 32

[note: 16]PBD, p 33

[note: 17]NE, 26 April 2010, p 36

[note: 18]PBD, p 38

[note: 19]PDB, p 42

[note: 20]NE, 26 April 2010, p 74

[note: 21]NE, 26 April 2010, p 87

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 19 Aug 2010 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

