Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Monex Group (Singapore) Pte Ltd _v_ E-Clearing (Singapore) Pte Ltd  
[2010] SGHC 63

Case Number| :| Suit No 54 of 2008  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 26 February 2010  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Tan Lee Meng J  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Low Chai Chong and Suchitra Ragupathy (Rodyk & Davidson
LLP) for the plaintiff; Koh Chia Ling and Arthur Yap (ATMD Bird & Bird LLP)
for the defendant.  
Parties| :|  Monex Group (Singapore) Pte Ltd — E-Clearing (Singapore) Pte Ltd  
  
26 February 2010| Judgment reserved.  
---|---  
  
Tan Lee Meng J:

1 The plaintiff, Monex Group (Singapore) Pte Ltd (“MXS”), is a subsidiary of
an Irish company, Monex Financial Services Limited (“MXF”). MXF and Xor
Technologies Ltd (“XOR”), an Israeli technology solutions provider, own a
dynamic currency conversion system (the “Monex system”), which identifies the
country in which a credit card is issued and converts different currencies
automatically to the card holder’s base currency.

2 MXS, which entered into a contract with the defendant, E-Clearing
(Singapore) Pte Ltd (“ECS”), to exploit the Monex system in Singapore, sued
the latter for the amount due to it under the said contract. ECS denied owing
MXS any money and counterclaimed for losses suffered as a result of the
latter’s alleged breach of contract.

Background

3 To further its business interests in Asia, MXS’s parent company, MXF,
concluded a business cooperation agreement on 14 December 2001 with one Mr
Luzi Matzig (“Matzig”), a Swiss gentleman with a Thai name, Lersan Misitsakul.
To develop the business of both parties, Monex Thailand Pte Ltd (“MXTH”) was
incorporated on 17 June 2002. Matzig holds 51% of the shares of MXTH while MXF
holds the remaining 49% of the shares. Matzig is also ECS’s main shareholder.
He holds 547,085 shares in ECS while other shareholders, namely Mr Wong Wei
Ming and Mr Ma Chun Fai, hold only 86,665 ECS shares and 16,250 ECS shares
respectively.

4 On 5 June 2003, MXF entered into a “Strategic Association Agreement” (“SAA
2003”) with XOR to develop, build and implement the Monex system. According to
MXS’s director, Mr Francis Murphy (“Mr Murphy”), XOR’s key man, Mr Yaniv
Kimchi (“Mr Kimchi”), designed the Monex system and instructed the programmers
on the operation of the system.

5 Under the SAA 2003, XOR’s role was merely to provide “second level support”
and “third level support” for the running of the Monex system. “First level
support” for the operation of the Monex system was to be provided by the local
partner in each of the countries in which the Monex system is in use. “First
level support” was defined in the SAA 2003 as providing to users of the Monex
system “online support” and “ascertaining the nature of any mistake, problem,
error or defect”, as well as making a “good faith effort” to correct any
mistake, problem, error or defect in the system. In Singapore, ECS was the
local partner and was thus responsible for “first level support”.

6 In regard to the scope of XOR’s responsibility under the SAA 2003, “second
level support” was defined in the SAA 2003 as the supply of “technical help
desk services in the English language… to help locate and correct any mistake,
problem, error or defect in the [system], which was not corrected after good
faith performance of First Level Support”. “Third level support” was defined
in the SAA 2003 as the supply of “online assistance… in the English language,
in order to correct bug-fixes and source code modifications to the [system].”

7 In Singapore, Citibank Singapore Ltd (“Citibank”) agreed to adopt the Monex
system and on 19 November 2003, MXS entered into a multi-currency conversion
agreement with Citibank (the “Citibank contract”).

8 MXS and ECS, which had worked together to secure Citibank’s adoption of the
Monex system, put their relationship on a more formal footing when they
entered into a contract on 12 July 2004. Under this contract, MXS was to
provide the Monex software while ECS was responsible for technical services,
training services, system support services and marketing services necessary
for the implementation of the Monex system in Singapore and in such other
countries as may be agreed upon in writing between the parties.

9 The attempt to introduce the Monex system in Singapore in partnership with
Citibank suffered a setback on 12 January 2005 when the bank terminated the
Citibank contract.

10 Things brightened up for MXS and ECS when negotiations with DBS Bank Ltd
(“DBS”) with respect to the utilisation of the Monex system bore fruit. It was
initially envisaged that MXS would, as in the case of the Citibank contract,
be the party that signed the contract with DBS regarding the use of the Monex
system by DBS’s clients. However, some 12 days before the contract with DBS
was signed on 15 February 2005, ECS informed MXS that it would be more
convenient if it signed the said contract with DBS (the “DBS contract”) for
reasons which need not be discussed. According to MXS, it agreed to allow ECS
to sign the DBS contract because of time constraints.

11 Under the DBS contract, ECS undertook to supply terminals with access to
the Monex system software to merchants identified by DBS. ECS was required to
train the merchants’ employees in the use of the terminals and to respond
promptly to queries from the merchants in relation to the use, operation and
maintenance of the terminals and the Monex software. ECS was also obliged to
maintain and repair the said terminals.

12 It was agreed between ECS and MXS that each party would be entitled to 50%
of the “agreed net turnover” under the DBS contract. It was understood that
the “net turnover” referred to the gross revenue less applicable taxes and the
amounts paid to merchants and third party consultants while the “agreed net
turnover” referred to the net turnover less the amount paid to DBS.

13 By September 2005, the Monex system was in operation in Singapore. During
the currency of the DBS contract, some problems with the Monex system as well
as with ECS’s hardware surfaced. It is common ground that ECS was responsible
for remedying hardware problems. Occasionally, clients of businesses that
utilised the Monex system, such as Fullerton Hotel, were double-charged. From
September 2005 to December 2006, problems arising from the operation of the
Monex system were directed to XOR, which went out of its way to help ECS. In
fact, XOR’s personnel even took care of problems that were clearly within the
scope of ECS’s responsibility. At this juncture, it is pertinent to note that
MXS had an arrangement with XOR to pay the latter 20% of the agreed net
turnover out of its own 50% of the agreed net turnover received under the DBS
contract.

14 XOR also provided support services for the utilization of the Monex system
in other Asian countries, such as Thailand, India, Vietnam, Sri Lanka and Hong
Kong. These support services were mainly directed by Matzig, who dictated
where XOR’s resources should be deployed. XOR was rather overstretched.
Subsequently, relations between XOR and the Monex group soured for reasons
which need not be discussed.

15 Matzig had his own agenda with respect to the exploitation of the Monex
system in Asia. He wanted to take over the intellectual property rights in the
Monex system for Asia, excluding China, Taiwan, Korea and Japan. In November
2006, Matzig offered to buy the said rights. He threatened MXS’s director, Mr
Murphy, in an e-mail dated 27 November 2006 that if an agreement was not
reached before the end of the year, he would most likely cease to cooperate
with MXS and would launch his own software. Matzig’s offer to take over the
intellectual property rights in the Monex system was rebuffed.

16 ECS then claimed that MXS was no longer able to provide “essential” support
services, which it interpreted as including the provision of “second level
support” and “third level support” to it, and that MXS stopped providing such
support altogether on 1 January 2007. This was denied by MXS.

17 ECS contended that to mitigate its losses, it had to engage a third party,
MXTH, of which Matzig is the majority shareholder, to provide “essential”
support services to it even though MXTH did not have the equipment, office
space or expertise to provide the said support at the material time. Matzig
had his eyes on the core XOR team, including the project director and main
software programmer, Mr Kimchi. He wanted XOR’s key personnel to be absorbed
by MXTH. On 5 December 2006, MXTH entered into an agreement with XOR, under
which XOR was required to send a team from Israel to train and establish a
team of software experts within MXTH to provide “essential” support to ECS and
its foreign offices. MXTH was required to bear the cost of the Israeli team.

18 The costs incurred by MXTH to put it in a position to provide “essential”
support to Matzig’s companies were shared between MXTH, ECS and ECS’s foreign
offices in Vietnam, Sri Lanka and India. According to ECS, its share of MXTH’s
start-up costs totalled $739,496.12. ECS also claimed to have paid $198,135.37
for its “essential” support services in 2007. Having paid MXTH these huge
sums, ECS could claim that there were no profits left to share with MXS. Of
course, this situation was totally unacceptable to MXS, which alleged that
ECS, and more specifically, Matzig, made use of the Monex system to generate
profits which were diverted to MXTH under sham arrangements.

19 In January 2007, ECS unilaterally reduced MXS’s share of the agreed net
turnover to 30% on the basis that the latter no longer had to pay XOR 20% of
the agreed net turnover. MXS claimed that ECS made it a condition that future
payments would be made only if it accepted the downward revision of its share
of the agreed net turnover. As MXS refused to do so, ECS stopped paying MXS
any part of the revenue earned under the DBS contract. Furthermore, ECS has
not paid MXS the sum of $468,819.00 with respect to the agreed net turnover
from January 2007 to December 2007. This sum was determined on the basis of
the monthly profit sharing summaries, transaction reports and statements
forwarded by ECS to MXS.

20 In January 2007, another company, Mainline Corporate Holdings, which holds
Patent No 86037 in relation to another dynamic currency conversion system (the
“Mainline patent”), successfully sued another bank in Singapore for infringing
its patent. DBS wanted to know whether the Monex system infringed the Mainline
patent. MXS was not worried about the Mainline patent because the Monex system
had been in use in Europe before the Mainline patent was filed on 12 July
1999. It had no doubt that such prior use is a sufficient defence against any
claim that the Monex system infringed the Mainline patent.

21 On 2 January 2008, ECS terminated its contract with MXS on the ground that
the latter had failed to furnish proof that its Monex system did not infringe
the Mainline patent. In its termination letter, ECS informed MXS that the
Monex system would be wound down completely by 23 March 2008. However, this
was totally untrue.

22 If the Monex system was, as ECS claimed, to be wound down completely by 23
March 2008, DBS should have been informed of this. Evidently, DBS was left in
the dark as it was not until 2 February 2009, 11 months after ECS’s
termination notice to MXS on 2 January 2008, that DBS served notice on ECS
that it was terminating the DBS contract. ECS admitted that it was not until
March 2009, one month after DBS terminated the DBS contract, that it finally
ceased to make use of the Monex system.

23 Despite having terminated its contract with MXS on 2 January 2008 and
stating that it would cease to use the Monex system by 23 March 2008, ECS
continued to add more merchants to the list of merchants utilising the Monex
system. Between 2 January 2008 and March 2009, ECS’s revenue from the use of
the Monex system increased. Throughout this period, ECS did not provide MXS
with the requisite monthly profit sharing summaries, transaction reports and
statements. As a result, MXS could not issue invoices to ECS for its share of
the agreed net turnover under the DBS contract.

24 When ECS refused to pay MXS what the latter claimed was its share of the
agreed net turnover under the DBS contract, MXS instituted the present
proceedings.

25 ECS counterclaimed for losses suffered as a result of MXS’s alleged breach
of contract.

MXS’s claim

26 When considering MXS’s claim, reference must first be made to the different
views that the parties hold with respect to the contract that governs their
relationship with respect to DBS’s use of the Monex system. MXS’s case is that
the contract that it signed with ECS on 12 July 2004 is still in force.
However, as that contract envisaged that it was to sign contracts with banks
and other institutions that wanted to utilise the Monex system, the terms of
the contract had to be modified to take into account the fact that ECS, and
not MXS, had signed the DBS contract. One of the new terms was that instead of
MXS paying ECS remuneration, as was the case under the Citibank contract, ECS
would collect payments from the merchants to whom the Monex system was
provided and pay MXS its agreed share of the income.

27 In contrast, ECS contended for the purpose of its collaboration with MXS in
relation to the DBS contract, the contract of 12 July 2004 was superseded by a
new contract that it made with MXS. ECS’s case is that this new contract was
formed by conduct and that the terms of this new contract were based on those
in the earlier contract of 12 July 2004.

28 Whether the contract of 12 July 2004 was modified, as claimed by MXS, or a
new contract by conduct was formed, as alleged by ECS, need not be determined
in the present proceedings because it is common ground that MXS and ECS were
to gain equally from the adoption of the Monex system by DBS.

29 ECS’s defence to MXS’s claim is that it need not pay MXS any money because
the latter had breached the contract in two ways. First, ECS contended that
the Monex system infringed the patent of another company. Secondly, it alleged
that MXS failed to provide “essential” support services for the operation of
the Monex system.

30 Whether or not MXS has breached the contract in the manner alleged, it is
entitled to its share of the agreed net turnover under the DBS contract
although it must, if proven that it is in breach, compensate ECS for losses
suffered as a result of any breach of contract on its part. As ECS asserted
that MXS’s claims against it are extinguished by reason of set-off of its
losses, ECS’s counterclaim will next be considered.

31 When considering ECS’s counterclaim, it must be noted at the outset that
ECS did not call Matzig to testify even though he is the person in that
company with the most intimate knowledge of the issues before the court.
Instead, ECS’s sole witness was its general manager, Ms Agnes Chua Guek Meng
(“Ms Chua”), who, together with XOR’s former project manager, Mr Kimchi, are
shareholders of another company in the currency conversion business, EC
Payment Solutions (“ECP”). Regrettably, Ms Chua did not know enough about the
relevant issues to effectively advance ECS’s defence and counterclaim.

Alleged breach of patent

32 It may be recalled that MXS had taken the position that the Monex system
predates the Mainline patent and thus does not infringe that patent. However,
ECS claimed that DBS was not satisfied with the MXS’s assurances. On 2 January
2008, ECS terminated its contract with MXS on the ground that the latter had
not given details of the prior art and stated in its termination notice that
the Monex system would be wound down completely by 23 March 2008. It is ECS’s
case that it suffered a loss because the alleged infringement of the Mainline
patent hampered its efforts to get more merchants to use the Monex system.

33 There was insufficient evidence to show that the Monex system infringed the
Mainline patent. In any case, if ECS had been serious about terminating its
contract with MXS on the ground of infringement of the Mainline patent, it
should have informed DBS that it had terminated its contract with MXS on 2
January 2008 and that it had informed MXS that the Monex system would be wound
down completely by 23 March 2008 as these developments had implications for
DBS’s clients. However, it was not until almost a year later in February 2009
that DBS finally terminated its contract with ECS for the utilisation of the
Monex system. ECS claimed that it did not meet its own deadline of 23 March
2008 and had to make use of the Monex system until March 2009 because it took
some time to “wind down the business”. This cannot be true as ECS continued to
add more merchants to its list of participating merchants under the DBS
contract after 23 March 2008. In fact, it appears that more profits were made
in 2008 than in the previous year. The following part of the cross-examination
of Ms Chua is worth noting:

QYour evidence is that the number of merchants grew in 2007 and grew further
in 2008, correct?

AMm.

QYes. So by extrapolation when we reach February 2009 before DBS terminated
the system, the number of merchants could have grown further., correct? ….

AYes….

QAnd because of the growth of merchants, naturally, revenue grew as well,
right?

AYah, yes.

QAnd revenue also when the economy picked up … _in the later part of 2008,
yes, because there were more transactions, correct_?

A _Well, yah, correct_.

Q _Yes. And all this time, all these revenues were generated and earned using
the Monex DCC system, correct?_

A _Correct_.

[emphasis added]

34 Apart from the fact that there was no proof that the Monex system infringed
the Mainline patent, ECS failed to prove that it had suffered any loss if the
Monex system had infringed the Mainline patent. Initially, ECS claimed that it
had suffered a loss of $109,417.56. However, its defence and counterclaim was
subsequently amended to reflect a very much higher loss of $706,229.24. By the
time the trial began, this amount had been revised downwards to the original
sum of $109,417.56.

35 Whether ECS’s counterclaim is for $706,229.24 or $109,417.56, Ms Chua,
conceded that she could not prove that either amount had been lost. She stated
as follows during cross-examination:

QYou said there are loss of gains which would otherwise have been earned from
new merchants, correct?

AYes. …

Q _When you arrived at the figure, a precise figure of $109,417.56, you did
not have a single piece of document to support that calculation, correct?_

AOkay, I --- I --- _I admit that I don’t have …_.

Q[Y]ou put up a claim from $109,000 to $706,000 without a single piece of
documentary evidence. Is that right?

AWe have our basis for – … doing that, of putting that figure in.

Q _You agree that you have got no evidence whatsoever in Court?_

AI --- _I don’t have evidence to support this_.

[emphasis added]

36 In view of Ms Chua’s admission that ECS had no evidence to support its
counterclaim for $109,417.56 for loss of profits, this counterclaim is
dismissed.

Alleged failure to provide essential support

37 ECS’s second counterclaim relates to the alleged failure by MXS to, in its
own words, “provide essential services (namely the implementation of the Monex
system as well as the provision of Second Level Support and Third Level
Support as defined under the SAA 2003 entered into between MXF and XOR
Technologies Ltd on 5 June 2003) to the Defendants from 1 January 2007”.

38 As has been mentioned, ECS claimed that as MXS was no longer able to
provide “essential” support services as from 1 January 2007, it had no
alternative but to engage MXTH to provide “essential” support services to it.
It contended that it incurred the following expenses:

(i)

the sum of $739,496.12, which was paid to MXTH to enable it to begin providing
the essential services that XOR used to provide; and

(ii)

the sum of $198,135.37, which was paid to MXTH for providing “essential
services” from 1 January 2007 to 31 December 2007.

39 MXS pointed out that the terms “second level support” and “third level
support”, which are found in the SAA 2003, are not terms that were used in its
contract with ECS. As such, it contended that ECS had no basis for assuming
that “second level support” and “third level support” would be provided to it.

40 Even if MXS’s objections are not taken into account, ECS’s counterclaim
lacks a solid foundation. To begin with, when asked to furnish further and
better particulars of how MXS breached the contract, ECS merely stated that
MXS failed to provide all “essential” services. Regrettably, the nature of the
“essential” support services that had allegedly not been provided by MXS
remained unclear even after the conclusion of the trial.

41 When cross-examined, Ms Chua admitted that many of her company’s complaints
against MXS for not providing “essential” support services related to hardware
failure, which should have been remedied by ECS as this was clearly within its
ambit of responsibility. For instance, ECS had complained about the problem of
insufficient hard disk space in the application server but Ms Chua finally
acknowledged that this was a hardware problem that should have been rectified
by ECS. There was thus no basis for suggesting that MXS had failed to ensure
that there was sufficient hard disk space. The relevant part of the
proceedings is as follows:

QStill on page 308, second paragraph of your e-mail [Reads] “last night all
EDC terminals were down due to insufficient hard disc space in the application
server”. It’s just as simple as that, correct, there [was] insufficient hard
disc space?

AMm.

QThat is your responsibility, isn’t it?....

AYes.

42 ECS had also complained that there was no “back up mirroring” but Ms Chua
finally agreed that the backup server had two components, the hardware and the
software, and it was not certain that there had been a software problem. More
importantly, Ms Chua conceded that there was no loss of revenue as a result of
the backup mirror issue.

43 Another complaint by ECS related to breakdowns in the Monex system as well
as duplication of charges. ECS pointed out that merchants who used the Monex
system, including Fullerton Hotel, had been embarrassed when their clients
complained about double charging. However, when cross-examined, Ms Chua
accepted that bugs are to be expected in such systems and she reiterated that
ECS’s case is not that the Monex system failed but that MXS had failed to
provide “essential” support services. It is worth noting that despite having
paid around $1 million to MXTH to provide “essential” support services to ECS,
the occasional problem of duplicate charges has not been solved by the former
XOR personnel, who are now working for MXTH.

44 In truth, ECS, which accepted that it was obliged to provide “first level
support” for the Monex system, could not fulfil this obligation because it was
woefully unaware of the scope of its responsibilities under the contract and
its staff did not have the necessary training to provide such support at the
material time. Ms Chua conceded as follows during cross-examination:

QAnd you said your team was not told how to go about it as well, yes?

AYah, that’s true.

QAnd at --- at this point in time in November 2006, … you have yet to sen[d]
your local team for training, correct?

AYah …

45 What cannot be overlooked is that Ms Chua accepted that she did not ask MXS
to provide any support for the Monex system after XOR exited from the scene.
The relevant part of the proceedings is as follows:

QIs there any e-mail or document in Court to show that you have escalated a
problem to the plaintiff; and the plaintiff has refused to assist you?

ARefused? No, I won’t say that.

Q[I]f you have never requested for support from the plaintiff, on what basis
did you say that the plaintiff had failed to give you support? ….

AOkay, I think, erm, okay.

QDo you agree with me?

AYes.

Q _You have got no basis to say that the plaintiff had failed to provide you …
second and third level support …_.

A _Yes, I’ve already answered “yes”…._.

[emphasis added]

46 After saying that ECS had no basis for claiming that MXS had failed to
provide “second level support” and “third level support”, Ms Chua contradicted
herself during re-examination and said that she did not ask MXS to provide any
such support because the latter was in no position to offer any assistance.
However, MXS insisted that it had sufficient resources to fulfil its
obligations under its contract with ECS notwithstanding the breakdown of its
relationship with XOR. It pointed out that although XOR had been appointed to
offer assistance in Singapore, there were other technical people who supported
the Monex system, which was still operating in China and Europe without XOR’s
help.

47 There is certainly more than meets the eye in ECS’s arrangements with MXTH.
ECS claimed to have contributed $739,496.12 to set up the infrastructure for
MXTH so that MXTH can provide “essential” support services under the DBS
contract as well as other business ventures in other countries in which Matzig
had an interest. Apart from the fact that MXS was not asked to provide any
support for the Monex system at the material time, ECS cannot expect to recoup
this sum or any other sum that it claimed to have paid to MXTH for “essential”
support when the court is left in the dark as to what support had actually
been provided by MXTH. Mr Murphy rightly pointed out in his AEIC at [126] as
follows:

… [T]he invoices/receipts/documents produced by the Defendants to substantiate
their counterclaim is highly questionable, and designed to avoid paying the
Plaintiffs their shares in the remuneration/income/revenue/profits derived
from the Monex System. It is necessary to point out that in their Defence and
Counterclaim the Defendants state that it had to invest in a third party
namely [MXTH]. However on review of its recent set of filed accounts there is
no evidence of such investment. The pattern that emerges is that [Matzig]
recognised the financial value of the Monex System and the contracts derived
from selling such system in Asia and wanted total control of it without
passing on the benefit to the rightful owners of the system namely the
Plaintiffs.

48 Ms Chua testified that she did not know whether the sums paid by ECS to
MXTH had been utilised for the purposes stated in the invoices. Furthermore,
she made the startling concession that while she had to support the
counterclaim on her company’s behalf, she would, “speaking for herself”, not
have maintained the counterclaim with respect to MXTH’s invoices in question.
The relevant part of the proceedings is as follows:

QSo insofar as you don’t know whether these invoices have been paid, you can’t
maintain that claim, right? Do you agree, Ms Chua? …

AYes, I agree.

QAnd if these expenses have not been incurred or if you don’t know whether
these expenses have been incurred, you cannot properly sit there and maintain
this claim, you agree?

AI agree….

QSo can you truthfully, honestly maintain this claim on behalf of the
defendants? …

A _If you ask me this question in this capacity, I would say that I can’t_
because I ---

Q _Correct. And if you can’t, speaking for yourself, would you withdraw this
claim?_

A _Okay. The thing is this ---- this suit is actually at a company level…_.

Q _Speaking for yourself as an individual, can you maintain this claim?_

A _As an individual, no_.

[emphasis added]

49 As the company’s only witness, Ms Chua cannot expect the court to be
sympathetic to her company’s counterclaim when she had conceded that she would
not “as an individual” maintain the counterclaim in question against MXS. When
re-examined, Ms Chua tried to salvage her company’s position but she did not
convince me that she really knew what she was talking about.

50 I thus hold that it was not established that MXS had failed to provide ECS
with “essential” support services or that MXS was no longer in a position to
provide such services to ECS from January 2007. It follows that ECS’s second
counterclaim must be dismissed.

Conclusion

51 No matter how unhappy ECS and Matzig may have been about their arrangements
with MXS, they cannot make use of the Monex system without paying MXS
anything. I thus hold that ECS must account to MXS for the revenue earned from
the utilization of the Monex system from January 2007 until it stopped using
the Monex system around March 2009. The amount due to MXS will be assessed by
the Registrar.

52 Interest on the amount due to MXS shall be paid from the date of the writ
until the date of judgment at the same rate as post-judgment interest.

53 MXS is entitled to costs.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 26 Feb 2010 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

