Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Wong Chin Juan (trading as SE Automobile Investment) _v_ Absolute
Euromotors Pte Ltd and others  
[2010] SGHC 1

Case Number| :| Suit No 686 of 2009 (Registrar's Appeal No 402 of 2009)  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 05 January 2010  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Philip Pillai JC  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Andrew Ang Chee Kwang (PK Wong & Associates LLC) for the
plaintiff; Sivanathan Wijaya Ravana (Sam & Wijaya) for thedefendants.  
Parties| :|  Wong Chin Juan (trading as SE Automobile Investment) — Absolute
Euromotors Pte Ltd and others  
  
5 January 2010| Judgment reserved.  
---|---  
  
Philip Pillai JC:

1 This is an appeal by Mr Bae Joon Suk (the “Second Defendant”) against the
decision of the Assistant Registrar (the “AR”) of the Supreme Court for
Summons No. 4767 of 2009/Q given on 27 October 2009 ordering:

(a) Final judgment against the Second Defendant for S$450,000.00;

(b) Statutory interest on the said sum of S$450,000.00 at 5.33% per annum from
the date of the writ to the date of judgment pursuant to Section 12 of the
Civil Law Act; and

(c) Costs and disbursements fixed at S$11,000.00.

2 The AR ordered summary judgment in favour of the Plaintiff, based on the
terms of the indemnity given by the Second Defendant to the Plaintiff dated 25
April 2009 (the “Indemnity”). The AR’s reasons are, _inter alia_ , as follows:

In my opinion, this defence is riddled with inconsistencies on the facts and
documents before me. Based on the [affidavits] and the exhibits, it is clear
to me that the transaction has always been and has always remained that of a
loan and that [the Plaintiff] is merely taking steps to try and enforce his
security. … There is also no reason why in law [the Plaintiff] cannot be
entitled to judgment for the unpaid loan although he has taken possession of
the vehicles.

3 The Second Defendant appeals on the ground that the AR should not have
ordered summary judgment on the basis of the Indemnity. One of the arguments
raised concerned an Agreement for Floor Stock Financing (the “Financing
Agreement”). Both counsel were then invited to provide supplementary written
submissions to the Court to address the implications of summary judgment on
the Indemnity in relation to a number of vehicles currently registered and
held by the Plaintiff in accordance with the Financing Agreement.

4 The power to give summary judgment under O 14 r 3 and 4 of the Rules of
Court (Cap 322, R 5, 2005 Rev Ed) is “intended only to apply to cases where
there is no reasonable doubt that a plaintiff is entitled to judgment, and
where it is inexpedient to allow a defendant to defend for mere purposes of
delay” (_Habibullah Mohamed Yousuff v Indian Bank_ [1999] 3 SLR 650 at [21]).
Leave to defend should be given where the defendant raises any substantial
question of fact which ought to be tried or where there is a fair dispute to
be tried as to the meaning of the document in which the claim is based (see
_Singapore Civil Procedure 2007_ (GP Selvam chief ed) (Sweet & Maxwell Asia,
2007) at para 14/4/7). Conditional leave to defend may be granted where the
defence set up is a sham defence or shadowy (_Singapore Civil Procedure 2007_
at para 14/4/12).

5 Prior to arriving at my judgment, I requested both counsel to provide for my
consideration, further written submissions relating to the operation of the
right of subrogation if the Indemnity were enforced.

6 The Second Defendant argues that the Indemnity is not akin to a performance
bond payable on demand, but that its terms fall to be construed with and is
inextricably twinned to the Financing Agreement. Accordingly, under this
Financing Agreement, the Plaintiff is no longer the lender, but the owner, of
the vehicles. In support of this argument, the Second Defendant refers to cl 5
of the Indemnity which reads:

All previous agreements and undertakings signed on behalf of Absolute
Euromotors Pte Ltd, and by Mr. Bae Joon Suk and Mr. Tu Kye Chin on 27th Feb.
‘09 for the above floor stock facility shall remain in force and will not be
affected or superceded by this agreement.

7 The Plaintiff argues to the contrary that the Indemnity is enforceable on
its face and relies on cl 2 which reads:

Mr. Bae Joon Suk agreed to be personally liable for and will undertake to
indemnify Mr. Wong Chin Juan if the above sum is not paid in full by the due
date on 26th May 2009. The amount to indemnify Mr. Wong Chin Juan shall be
based on the full amount plus a penalty of 10% per month for every month the
principal sum remain unpaid, until the full amount, including all other costs
incurred arising therefrom, have been fully paid.

8 The Second Defendant also argues that the legal nature of the Indemnity
dated 25 April 2009 and whether it stands alone or is to be construed in
relation to any underlying agreements are substantive issues to be tried.
Clause 2 of the Indemnity remains to be construed to determine the question of
whether its substantive effect is akin to that of an on-demand indemnity
payable upon proof that the $450,000 remained unpaid after 26 May 2009, or
whether it is an indemnity only against the losses suffered by the Plaintiff
arising out of the underlying Financing Agreement.

9 Where the Indemnity is in substance held to be a guarantee, the effect of a
guarantor having paid to the creditor what is due under the guarantee is that
the Second Defendant is entitled, unless he has waived them, to be subrogated
to all the rights possessed by the Plaintiff in respect of the debt or default
to which the guarantee relates (_Halsbury Laws of Singapore_ vol 12
(Butterworths Asia, Reissue, 2007) at para 140.805). In the case where the
Indemnity is held in substance to be an indemnity, a surety who pays is
entitled to be indemnified by the principal debtor and to have the benefit of
any security held by the creditor, and in addition has a right to a
contribution from any other surety (see Timothy N. Parsons _Lingard’s Bank
Security Documents_ (Butterworths, 4th Ed, 2006) at para 13.51).

10 As was observed in _Craythorne v Swinburne_ (1807) 14 Ves 160; 33 ER 482 by
Sir Samuel Romilly who was counsel for the plaintiff in that case,

…a surety will be entitled to every remedy, which the creditor has against the
principal debtor; to enforce every security and all means of payment; to stand
in the place of the creditor; not only through the medium of contract, but
even by means of securities, entered into without the knowledge of the surety;
having a right to have those securities transferred to him; though there was
no stipulation for that; and to avail himself of all those securities against
the debtor. This right of a surety also stands, not upon contract but upon a
principle of natural justice: the same principle, upon which one surety is
entitled to contribution from another.

11 In short, in the event the Appeal were to be dismissed and the Indemnity
enforced by the Plaintiff against the Second Defendant, the Second Defendant
would be entitled to the security of the vehicles currently held for sale by
the Plaintiff.

12 Having closely considered the text of the Indemnity and the Financing
Agreement, I am of the opinion that the Second Defendant has not established
either a substantial question of fact which ought to be tried or a fair
dispute as to the meaning of the meaning of the document upon which the claim
is based.

13 Having heard counsels’ submissions as to costs and in the light of my
decision, I would order costs of this appeal to be in favour of the Plaintiff
and would award costs of S$18,000.00.

14 Appeal dismissed.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 05 Jan 2010 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

