Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Lim Pang Howe Harry _v_ Public Prosecutor  
[2010] SGHC 76

Case Number| :| Magistrate's Appeal No 129 of 2009 (DAC No 22153 & 23310 of
2008)  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 10 March 2010  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Choo Han Teck J  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Ang Sin Teck (Surian & Partners) for the appellant.Edwin
San (Deputy Public Prosecutor) for the respondent.  
Parties| :|  Lim Pang Howe Harry — Public Prosecutor  
  
10 March 2010|  
---|---  
  
Choo Han Teck J:

1 The appellant was tried and convicted on two charges in the court below. The
first charge was for an offence under s 506 of the Penal Code (Cap 224, 2008
Rev Ed), namely, the offence of criminal intimidation. The second charge was
for an offence under s 323 of the Penal Code (Cap 224, 2008 Rev Ed), namely
for causing hurt. He was sentenced to four months imprisonment on the first
charge and fined $1,000 on the second charge. He appealed against conviction
and sentence in respect of both charges.

2 The appellant was a 41-year old taxi driver. He was married with a nine-year
old daughter. However, in October 2007 he met a 31-year old woman from China
(“the complainant”). Shortly after that meeting they became lovers.

3 On 14 May 2008 the appellant had quarrelled with the complainant because she
refused to have sex with him that day. He threatened to tell an old boyfriend
of the complainant that he was the complainant’s lover. He knew that the
complainant would not have liked her former boyfriend to be bothered. A tussle
ensued when the appellant tried to use the complainant’s cell phone to make
the call. The complainant even bit the appellant’s hand to make him release
the cell phone. In the process, the appellant dropped the cell phone, damaging
it.

4 The appellant then took a knife and threatened to disfigure the
complainant’s face. This was the subject matter of the first charge. The
complainant was frightened and knelt down pleading with him not to disfigure
her face. The appellant then pointed the knife at his abdomen and said “let me
die”. The complainant calmed him down whereupon he left the knife on a table,
took some tranquilizer and fell asleep. However, the complainant woke him up
about an hour later and reminded him to pick up his daughter from school. They
left the flat together. Later they had dinner and after which they returned to
the flat.

5 That night they had another quarrel and the appellant hit the complainant’s
face. This was the subject matter of the second charge. They then went to bed.
Fearing that the complainant might run away, he tied one of her hands to his.
However, the complainant managed to escape in the middle of the night and went
to see her friends. She then reported the matter to the police two days later
on the advice of her friends.

6 The appellant’s appeal against conviction was a challenge on the finding of
facts. Mr Ang, his counsel said that there were two versions. The appellant’s
version was a denial of the charge of threatening to disfigure the
complainant’s face. Counsel submitted that what the appellant said was “I dare
not disfigure your face” and not “I will disfigure your face”. The trial
judge, however, accepted the complainant’s version.

7 This ground of appeal had no merits as the evidence depended on the
evaluation of the credibility of both complainant and appellant. The trial
judge’s finding of facts in this regard cannot be disturbed. However, given
that the situation arose from a lovers’ quarrel and the sting of that threat
was a fleeting one since the complainant and the appellant had a quick,
although brief, reconciliation after the incident, a sentence of four months’
imprisonment was manifestly excessive in this case. I therefore reduced the
sentence to one month’s imprisonment.

8 The appeal against conviction and sentence in respect of the second charge
had no merits as there was nothing in the record to indicate that the trial
judge’s findings of fact were wrong. In my view, a fine of $1,000 for causing
hurt in the circumstances was not excessive.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 10 Mar 2010 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

