Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  JBE Properties Pte Ltd _v_ Gammon Pte Ltd  
[2010] SGCA 46

Case Number| :| Civil Appeal No 63 of 2010  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 03 December 2010  
Tribunal/Court| :| Court of Appeal  
Coram| :|  Chan Sek Keong CJ; Andrew Phang Boon Leong JA; V K Rajah JA  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Chelva R Rajah SC (Tan Rajah & Cheah) and Edwin Lee and
Dawn Noeline Tan (Eldan Law LLP) for the appellant; Ho Chien Mien and Lim Dao
Kai (Allen & Gledhill LLP) for the respondent.  
Parties| :|  JBE Properties Pte Ltd — Gammon Pte Ltd  
  
[LawNet Editorial Note: The decision from which this appeal arose is reported
at [2010] 3 SLR 799.]

3 December 2010|  
---|---  
  
Chan Sek Keong CJ (delivering the grounds of decision of the court):

Introduction

1 This is an appeal by the appellant, JBE Properties Pte Ltd (“JBE”), against
the decision of the High Court judge (“the Judge”) to grant an interim
injunction restraining JBE from receiving any money under a performance bond
numbered “00001BGG0601600” (“the Bond”) on the ground that JBE’s call on the
Bond was unconscionable. The Judge’s decision is reported in _Gammon Pte Ltd v
JBE Properties Pte Ltd (SCDA Architects Pte Ltd, third party)_ [2010] 3 SLR
799 (“the GD”). After hearing the parties, we dismissed JBE’s appeal against
the grant of the aforesaid interim injunction (“the Interim Injunction”), but
set aside certain ancillary orders made by the Judge (“the Ancillary Orders”).
We now give the reasons for our decision.

Background

2 The background to the present proceedings is as follows. JBE is the
developer of an eight-storey residential building at Handy Road, Singapore
(“the Building”). JBE awarded the construction of the Building to the
respondent, Gammon Pte Limited (“Gammon”), on 19 January 2006. On 3 August
2006, JBE and Gammon entered into a building contract (“the Building
Contract”). The value of the Building Contract was $11,515,000.

3 There were various defects in the construction of the Building, and it was
in respect of the alleged cost of rectifying some of these defects that JBE
made a call on the Bond. Gammon then applied (via Summons No 1224 of 2009
(“SUM 1224/2009”)) for an interim injunction to restrain JBE from receiving
any payment under the Bond from the issuing bank, BNP Paribas Singapore (“the
Bank”).

4 In the court below, Gammon argued that the Bond was not an on-demand
performance bond, but was instead an indemnity performance bond, and, thus,
payment under it could only be made upon proof of loss, and not at this
interim stage of the proceedings when its (Gammon’s) alleged liability for
failing to rectify construction defects had yet to be determined. JBE, in
contrast, contended that the Bond was an on-demand performance bond. The Judge
decided (at [5] of the GD) that the Bond was an on-demand performance bond,
and proceeded to consider whether JBE should be restrained from receiving
payment thereunder on the grounds of either fraud or unconscionability, the
two established grounds under Singapore law for restraining the receipt of
payment made under a performance bond (or, as is commonly said, for
restraining a call on a performance bond). He held that Gammon had shown “a
strong _prima facie_ case of unconscionability” (see the GD at [10]) and,
accordingly, granted Gammon the Interim Injunction. He also made the Ancillary
Orders, which were set out in the GD (at sub-paras (b) and (c) of [17]) as
follows:

(b) All rectification works to be completed by [Gammon] within six months.
Inspection of rectification work[s] to be carried out in the month of October
2010.

(c) Any dispute on the quality of the rectification works in accordance with
the warranty will be determined by the court. If the court determines that the
rectification works in accordance with the standard set out in the warranty is
not satisfied, the court may direct that, subject to [a] call on the [B]ond, a
joint tender be carried out in order to rectify the balance of the unrectified
defects as determined by the court. The completion of the balance of [the]
rectification works, through the joint tender, shall be deemed to be in
accordance with the standard set out in the warranty. The specifications for
the contractors for the joint tender … shall be the original specifications
for the works.

The matters considered in the present appeal

5 On appeal, Gammon did not pursue its argument that the Bond was not an on-
demand performance bond (in this regard, before this court, JBE maintained its
position that the Bond was an on-demand performance bond). Thus, strictly
speaking, the only question which we had to decide in the present appeal was
whether the Judge was right to grant the Interim Injunction on the ground of
unconscionability. Nevertheless, as the issue of the nature of the Bond (_viz_
, whether it was an on-demand performance bond or an indemnity performance
bond) was of considerable importance to the construction industry, we raised
it with counsel during the hearing of the appeal, and we propose to make some
observations on it in these grounds of decision. Before we do so, however, we
wish to first reiterate a crucial difference between our law and English law
_vis-à-vis_ the circumstances in which the court may restrain a call on a
performance bond. For ease of discussion, we shall hereafter (where
appropriate) use the term “beneficiary” to refer to the party in whose favour
a performance bond or a letter of credit is issued, the term “obligor” to
refer to the party upon whose instructions a performance bond or a letter of
credit is issued, and the term “paying bank” to refer to the bank (whether it
be the issuing bank or the confirming bank) which is required to make payment
under a performance bond or a letter of credit.

The law as to when the court may restrain a call on a performance bond

6 It is now well established that, under our law, apart from fraud (which is
the traditional ground for restraining a call on a performance bond),
unconscionability is a _separate and independent_ ground for the court to
grant an interim injunction restraining a beneficiary from making a call on a
performance bond (see, _inter alia_ , _Bocotra Construction Pte Ltd and others
v Attorney-General_ [1995] 2 SLR(R) 262 at [53] and _GHL Pte Ltd v Unitrack
Building Construction Pte Ltd and another_ [1999] 3 SLR(R) 44 at [16] and
[20]; see also the GD at [6]–[7]). This is wider than the English position,
which requires fraud to be clearly proved before a call on a performance bond
can be restrained.

The English position

7 The English position was first laid down by the English Court of Appeal in
_Edward Owen Engineering Ltd v Barclays Bank International Ltd and Another_
[1978] QB 159 (“ _Edward Owen Engineering_ ”), which concerned a performance
bond that was expressed to be “payable on demand without proof or conditions”
(at 166). Lord Denning MR, delivering the leading judgment, held that an on-
demand performance bond “[stood] on a similar footing to a letter of credit”
(at 171), and, thus, the paying bank (at 171):

… is not concerned in the least with the relations between the supplier [_viz_
, the obligor] and the customer [_viz_ , the beneficiary]; nor with the
question whether the supplier has performed his contracted obligation or not;
nor with the question whether the supplier is in default or not. The [paying]
bank must pay according to its guarantee, on demand, if so stipulated, without
proof or conditions. The only exception is when there is … clear fraud of
which the [paying] bank has notice.

8 In setting out the above principles, Lord Denning was obviously influenced
by the well-established autonomy principle applicable to letters of credit,
which he acknowledged to be the lifeblood of international trade (see _Edward
Owen Engineering_ at 171). The autonomy principle entails that the paying bank
must pay under a letter of credit so long as conforming documents are tendered
to it. The only exception recognised by the English courts is that of fraud –
specifically, the paying bank need not pay “only where there is clear evidence
as to the fact of fraud and as to the [paying] bank’s knowledge” (see Peter
Ellinger & Dora Neo, _The Law and Practice of Documentary Letters of Credit_
(Hart Publishing, 2010) (“ _Ellinger & Neo_”) at p 316).

The position in Singapore

9 The Singapore courts first cast doubt on whether the strict test of “clear
fraud” (_per_ Lord Denning in _Edward Owen Engineering_ at 171) was the only
test consistent with or permitted by existing law for the purposes of
restraining calls on performance bonds (especially those given in connection
with building contracts) in _Royal Design Studio Pte Ltd v Chang Development
Pte Ltd_ [1990] 2 SLR(R) 520 in 1990. These reservations were elaborated on in
_Chartered Electronics Industries Pte Ltd v Development Bank of Singapore_
[1992] 2 SLR(R) 20 (“ _Chartered Electronics_ ”), where it was suggested that
clear fraud need not be shown and that “a strong _prima facie_ case of fraud”
(at [40]) would be sufficient. This subsequently led to the development by
this court of unconscionability as an alternative ground, _separate from and
independent of fraud_ , for restraining a call on a performance bond (see the
discussion in _Ellinger & Neo_ at pp 319–323).

10 The Singapore courts’ rationale in applying unconscionability as a separate
and independent ground for restraining a call on a performance bond
(especially one given by the contractor-obligor in a building contract) is
that a performance bond serves a different function from a letter of credit.
The latter performs the role of payment by the obligor for goods shipped to it
by the beneficiary (typically via sea or air from another country), and “has
been the life blood of commerce in international trade for hundreds of years”
(see _Chartered Electronics_ at [36]). Interfering with payment under a letter
of credit is tantamount to interfering with the _primary_ obligation of the
obligor to make payment under its contract with the beneficiary. Hence,
payment under a letter of credit should not be disrupted or restrained by the
court in the absence of fraud. In contrast, a performance bond is merely
security for the _secondary_ obligation of the obligor to pay damages _if_ it
breaches its primary contractual obligations to the beneficiary. A performance
bond is not the lifeblood of commerce, whether generally or in the context of
the construction industry specifically. Thus, a less stringent standard (as
compared to the standard applicable _vis-à-vis_ letters of credit) can
justifiably be adopted for determining whether a call on a performance bond
should be restrained. We should also add that where the wording of a
performance bond is ambiguous, the court would be entitled to interpret the
performance bond as being conditioned upon facts rather than upon documents or
upon a mere demand, contrary to the _dictum_ of Staughton LJ in _IE
Contractors Ltd v Lloyds Bank Plc and Rafidain Bank_ [1990] 2 Lloyd’s Rep 496
at 500.

11 Even where a performance bond is expressed to be payable “on first demand
without proof or conditions” (as in _Edward Owen Engineering_ (at 170)),
which, strictly speaking, means the paying bank is contractually obliged to
pay the beneficiary once it makes a call on the performance bond, there is no
reason why fraud (which is often difficult to prove) should be the sole ground
for restraining the beneficiary from receiving payment. To adopt such a
position is to “apply a standard of proof which will virtually assure the
beneficiary [of] … immediate payment … and … does nothing more than to
transfer the security from the [paying bank] … to the beneficiary” (see
_Chartered Electronics_ at [37]). This may in turn cause undue hardship to the
obligor in many cases. For instance, where a call is made in bad faith,
especially a call for payment of a sum well in excess of the quantum of the
beneficiary’s actual or potential loss, the beneficiary will gain more than
what it has bargained for. Furthermore, if the amount paid to the beneficiary
pursuant to a call is subsequently proved to be in excess of the quantum of
its actual loss, the obligor runs the risk of being unable to recover any part
of the excess amount should the beneficiary become insolvent. Yet another
relevant consideration is that an excessive or abusive call can cause
unwarranted economic harm to the obligor. This is particularly relevant in the
context of the construction industry, where liquidity is frequently of the
essence to contractors. In this regard, while the sum stipulated to be paid
under a performance bond is usually pegged at only 5% to 10% of the contract
price, this typically amounts to one or more progress payments under a
building contract. In very large building contracts, the deprivation of a
whole progress payment might well be fatal to the contractor-obligor’s
liquidity. These concerns are by no means fanciful, as evidenced by the
mechanisms evolved by the construction industry to ensure the quick settlement
of disputes relating to progress payments.

12 In _Ellinger & Neo_ (at p 326), the authors argue, in the context of the
construction industry, that where the employer-beneficiary has sacrificed a
stronger position for a weaker one (_eg_ , where it has accepted a performance
bond in substitution for security in the form of a cash deposit, which is the
position in the present case (see cl 11(b) of the Building Contract, which is
reproduced at [15] below)), it would be justifiable to apply the autonomy
principle to the performance bond and treat it as though it were a letter of
credit. We find it difficult to agree with this argument for several reasons.
First, as a matter of principle, the utilisation of a cash deposit provided as
security for the performance of the contractor-obligor’s obligations under a
building contract should be treated no differently from the making of a call
on a performance bond, which is “third-party” security in that it is always
provided by an entity other than the contractor-obligor. It is true that it
will be more difficult (if not impossible) in practice to restrain the use of
a cash deposit than it will be to restrain the (third-party) paying bank from
paying out on a performance bond. But, this will be the case no matter what
test is adopted for restraining a call on a performance bond. Moreover, the
greater ease, in practical terms, of restraining a call on a performance bond
(as compared to restraining the utilisation of a cash deposit provided as
security for contractual performance) is a factor which the employer-
beneficiary must be taken to have considered and accepted in preferring a
performance bond to a cash deposit. In other words, the employer-beneficiary
would have a reason for accepting, as security for the contractor-obligor’s
contractual performance, a performance bond rather than a cash deposit. One
reason could be that the contractor-obligor might have priced its bid for the
building contract differently if it had to provide a cash deposit as security
for its performance of the contract. In our view, the mere fact that the
employer-beneficiary agreed to accept a performance bond in lieu of a cash
deposit should not be material in determining whether a call on a performance
bond should be restrained.

13 In our view, the Singapore position on the circumstances in which the court
may restrain a call on a performance bond is justified for the functional and
commercial reasons mentioned earlier (at [10]–[12] above). The juridical basis
for adopting unconscionability as a relevant ground (separate from and
independent of fraud) lies in the equitable nature of the injunction.
Considerations of conscionability are applicable in relation to the use of the
injunction in other areas of the law, and there is no reason why these
considerations should not be applied for the purposes of determining whether a
call on a performance bond should be restrained so as to achieve a fair
balance between the interests of the beneficiary and those of the obligor.

The nature of the Bond: an on-demand performance bond or an indemnity
performance bond?

14 We turn now to consider the nature of the Bond, specifically, whether it
was an on-demand performance bond or an indemnity performance bond. As
mentioned at [5] above, although Gammon did not challenge the Judge’s ruling
that the Bond was an on-demand performance bond, we think this ruling merits
some discussion in view of its potential ramifications for the construction
industry.

15 To ascertain the nature of the Bond, it is necessary to first consider the
relevant provisions of the Building Contract, namely, cll 7.5, 7.6 and
11(a)–11(c). These clauses provide as follows:[note: 1]

7.5 If, at the time of the issue of the Final Certificate there is any
outstanding claim by the Employer [_ie_ , JBE] against the Management
Contractor [_ie_ , Gammon], the Employer shall be entitled to withhold money
or release … so much of the undertaking as represents its fair estimate of the
amount in dispute.

7.6 _Save in the case of fraud or unconscionability_ , the Management
Contractor accepts that the Employer may call upon the banker’s undertaking or
any other security held by it at any time and the Management Contractor shall
not seek an injunction against the Employer or the issuer of any such security
preventing, restricting or conditioning any demand for payment or payment
under any such security or preventing, restricting or conditioning the
application of such security or the proceeds thereof.

…

**11.** **Performance Bond**

(a) Within 14 days of the Letter of Acceptance, the Management Contractor
shall deposit with the Employer an amount specified in the Schedule as and by
way of security for the due performance of and observance by the Management
Contractor of [its] obligations under the [Building] Contract.

(b) The Management Contractor may, in lieu of the cash deposit in Clause 11(a)
and for the same purposes, provide a guarantee for an equivalent amount from a
bank approved by the Employer and in the prescribed form.

(c) The term “Security Deposit” shall hereafter refer to:

(i) the cash deposited under Clause 11(a); or

(ii) the cash proceeds of any or all demands on the guarantee provided
pursuant to Clause 11(b).

The Employer may utilise the Security Deposit to make good any loss or damage
sustained or likely to be sustained as a result of any breach of contract
whatsoever by the Management Contractor, including any liquidated damages. If
the amount of the Security Deposit utilised by the Employer to make good any
such loss or damage is found to be greater than the amount of loss or damage
actually sustained by the Employer, then the Employer shall pay the balance of
the amount utilised by the Employer without the addition of interest to the
Management Contractor or to the bank or insurer, as the case may be, upon
[the] issue of the Final Certificate. Where the Security Deposit is made in
cash, the Employer shall pay to the Management Contractor the unutilised
amount without interest upon the issue of the Final Certificate.

…

[emphasis added]

16 In compliance with its obligation under cl 11 of the Building Contract,
Gammon procured the Bank to issue the Bond, which was for a sum of $1,151,500
(_viz_ , 10% of the value of the Building Contract, which was $11,515,000 (see
[2] above)). The material parts of the Bond read as follows:[note: 2]

1\. In the event of [Gammon] failing to fulfil any of the terms and conditions
of the said contract, [the Bank] shall indemnify [JBE] against all losses,
damages, costs, expenses or [_sic_] otherwise sustained by [JBE] thereby up to
the sum of Singapore Dollars One Million, One Hundred and Fifty One Thousand
and Five Hundred Only (S$1,151,500.00) (“the Guaranteed Sum”) upon receiving
your written notice of claim made pursuant to Clause 4 hereof.

…

4\. This guarantee is conditional upon a claim or direction as specified
herein being made by [JBE] by way of a notice in writing addressed to [the
Bank] and the same being received by [the Bank] …

5\. [The Bank] shall be obliged to effect the payment required under such a
claim or direction within 30 business days of [its] receipt thereof. [The
Bank] shall be under no duty to inquire into the reasons, circumstances or
authenticity of the grounds for such claim or direction and shall be entitled
to rely upon any written notice thereof received by [it] … as final and
conclusive.

[emphasis and underlining in original omitted]

17 The threshold question for the purposes of ascertaining the nature of the
Bond is whether, on a true construction of that instrument, the Bank was
liable to pay on demand, or only later, upon proof of breach by Gammon and
loss by JBE. The construction process looks to the substance of the parties’
rights and obligations under the Bond; the label adopted by the parties is
inconclusive.

18 The Bond appeared to have some of the characteristics of an on-demand
performance bond in that cl 5 provided that the Bank:[note: 3]

… shall be under no duty to inquire into the reasons, circumstances or
authenticity of the grounds for [a] claim [on the Bond] … and shall be
entitled to rely upon any written notice thereof received by [it] … as final
and conclusive.

However, immediately preceding that part of cl 5 just quoted was the provision
that the Bank was “obliged to effect the payment required under … a claim …
within 30 business days of [its] receipt [of the claim]”.[note: 4] This
suggested that the Bond was not an on-demand performance bond, but a
30-business day deferred demand performance bond. The question that arises is
why JBE chose to accept such a performance bond. No evidence was led by JBE on
this matter. One possible inference is that the parties contemplated that once
a call on the Bond was made, Gammon would effectively be compelled to take
immediate steps to rectify defects in the Building. Another possible inference
is that this intervening period was intended to allow Gammon to apply to the
court to stop payment under the Bond if it considered JBE’s call to be either
fraudulent or unconscionable. In this connection, reference may be made to cl
7.6 of the Building Contract, which expressly provided, _vis-à-vis_ payment on
“the banker’s undertaking or any other security held by [JBE]”,[note: 5] that
Gammon could intervene “in the case of fraud or unconscionability”.[note: 6]
However, and this point was not argued either before the Judge or before us,
it is not clear whether cl 7.6 of the Building Contract was intended to apply
generally to all situations, or only in the context of cl 7.5 thereof (_ie_ ,
only in the event of “any outstanding claim by [JBE] against [Gammon]”).[note:
7]

19 In our view, the crucial determining factor _vis-à-vis_ the nature of the
Bond was cl 1 thereof, which stated that the Bank was obliged to indemnify JBE
only against “all losses, damages, costs, expenses or [_sic_] otherwise
_sustained_ by [JBE]”[note: 8] [emphasis added] as a result of Gammon’s breach
of the Building Contract. The provision in cl 11(c) of the Building Contract –
_viz_ , that JBE could use the Security Deposit (as defined in cl 11(c)) to
make good “any loss or damage sustained or _likely to be sustained_ as a
result of any breach of contract whatsoever by [Gammon]”[note: 9] [emphasis
added] – was omitted from the Bond. Therefore, the obligation of the Bank
under the Bond was limited to indemnifying JBE against _actual_ losses which
it sustained due to Gammon’s breach of the Building Contract. Since the
payment obligation of the Bank was so limited, the Bond, in our view, had the
character of a true indemnity performance bond. In this regard, it is arguable
that cl 5 of the Bond (_viz_ , the provision that the Bank was “under no duty
to inquire into the reasons, circumstances or authenticity of the grounds [of
any call on the Bond]”)[note: 10] would not affect the requirement that JBE
could only call on the Bond if and when it actually suffered loss arising from
any breach by Gammon of its obligations under the Building Contract. At the
very least, the Bond could be said to be ambiguous as to whether payment under
it was conditioned upon demand or upon proof of actual loss arising from
Gammon’s breach of contract, and, therefore, the court should construe it as a
true indemnity performance bond (see [10] above on the effect of ambiguity in
the terms of a performance bond).

The issue for decision in this appeal: Was the Judge right to restrain JBE
from making a call on the Bond?

20 We now turn to address the issue arising for decision in this appeal, _viz_
, whether the Judge was correct in restraining JBE from receiving payment
under the Bond (see [5] above). Given our ruling that the Bond should be
construed as a true indemnity performance bond (which meant that JBE was not
entitled to call on the Bond unless and until it had suffered actual loss as a
result of Gammon’s breach of the Building Contract), the correctness or
otherwise of the Judge’s decision would depend on the evidence adduced by JBE
to prove its alleged actual loss. In this regard, the only evidence that JBE
relied on before both the Judge and this court was the fact that it had to
appoint a company called Weng Thai Construction (“WTC”) to rectify defects in
the cladding of the Building (“the Cladding Defects”) at the price of
$2,200,800.

21 The circumstances surrounding JBE’s employment of WTC to rectify the
Cladding Defects were as follows. On 12 February 2008, the superintending
officer for the Building Contract (“the Superintending Officer”) issued a
completion certificate (“the Completion Certificate”) stating that “on 16th
January 2008, the Works have been completed and appeared to comply with the
[Building] Contract in all respects (save and except [for] the minor
outstanding works listed in Part 1 of the Schedule to this
Certificate)”.[note: 11] These “minor outstanding works”[note: 12] included
works to rectify the Cladding Defects (“the Rectification Works”).

22 During the defects liability period, the Superintending Officer notified
the parties of a number of defects in the Building. There was a considerable
amount of friction between the parties with regard to the rectification of
these defects and other issues under the Building Contract. What is pertinent
for present purposes is the Superintending Officer’s instruction to Gammon on
8 January 2009 to rectify specific defects in the Building.[note: 13]That
instruction (“SOI 271/09”), which included 37 pages of photographs, identified
104 defects, most of which consisted of the Cladding Defects.

23 Before Gammon could take any steps to rectify the defects listed in SOI
271/09 (the majority of which were, as just mentioned, the Cladding Defects),
JBE proceeded on 10 January 2009 to solicit quotations from other contractors,
purportedly for the Rectification Works (as defined at [21] above). Quotations
were received from the following contractors (collectively, “the
Contractors”):

(a) Millionbuilt Pte Ltd (“Millionbuilt”), which quoted a price of
$2,165,000;[note: 14]

(b) WTC, which quoted a price of $2,200,800;[note: 15]

(c) Jan Façade Technology Pte Ltd (“Jan Façade”), which quoted a price of
$2,741,600;[note: 16] and

(d) WHA Engineering Pte Ltd (“WHA Engineering”), which quoted a price of
$2,170,000.[note: 17]

On 10 February 2009, JBE awarded the Rectification Works to WTC at the
latter’s quoted price, _viz_ , $2,200,800.

24 Based on WTC’s quoted price for the Rectification Works, together with the
alleged costs of curing other defects in the Building, JBE claimed that the
outstanding sum due to it from Gammon amounted to $2,966,402.90 (see [8] of
the GD). On that basis, JBE called on the Bond for the entire sum of
$1,151,500. In response, Gammon applied (via SUM 1224/2009) for an interim
injunction to prevent JBE from receiving payment under the Bond on the basis
that the Bond was not an on-demand performance bond, or, alternatively, on the
basis that JBE’s call was unconscionable.

25 Before the Judge, and likewise on appeal, the issue of unconscionability
focused on the award of the Rectification Works to WTC at the price of
$2,200,800. It will be readily seen that, shorn of this sum, the amount of
$2,966,402.90 allegedly due from Gammon to JBE would be reduced to
$765,602.90, which was far less than the amount owed by JBE to Gammon (that
amount was estimated by JBE to be $1,146,204.31 (see the GD at [8]) and by
Gammon to be $1,704,912.64 (see the GD at [12])). In other words, if the
alleged cost of rectifying the Cladding Defects were not taken into account,
JBE would owe money to Gammon on a net basis and, accordingly, would not be
entitled to call for payment of the entire sum of $1,151,500 due under the
Bond.

26 At [14] of the GD, the Judge ruled that JBE’s call on the Bond on the basis
of the award of the Rectification Works to WTC was “clearly unconscionable,
abusive and bordered on being fraudulent”. The main reasons which he gave for
his decision were as follows:

(a) The letter of award issued by JBE to WTC for the Rectification Works was a
one-page document devoid of detail as to WTC’s scope of work (see the GD at
[10]).

(b) WTC did not appear to have any expertise in designing, fabricating and
installing cladding on buildings, as evidenced by its supposed intention to
appoint another entity, CLK Systems Pte Ltd, to carry out the Rectification
Works (see the GD at [10]).

(c) The subcontractor originally appointed by Gammon to carry out cladding
works on the Building, Seiko Architectural Wall Systems Pte Ltd, had charged
only $371,664 for designing, fabricating, supplying and installing cladding
for the whole of the Building. In contrast, WTC’s quoted price was “a hefty
six times more” (see the GD at [10]).

(d) It would be “most surprising” (see the GD at [13]) for the Superintending
Officer to have issued a completion certificate for a project priced at
$11,515,000 if rectification works costing $2,200,800 (as JBE alleged)
remained outstanding.

(e) Pursuant to a direction made by the Judge in the course of the hearing,
Gammon sought quotations for the Rectification Works so that a comparison
could be made with the price quoted by WTC. The highest quotation obtained by
Gammon was $560,000, based on a total replacement of the defective cladding,
and the next highest quotation was $335,000, based on repairing the defective
cladding. Both of these quotations indicated that WTC’s quoted price of
$2,200,800 for the Rectification Works was “grossly inflated” (see the GD at
[16]).

27 To rebut the Judge’s ruling that JBE had made an unconscionable call on the
Bond, JBE’s counsel argued that the Judge’s assessment of unconscionability,
which was based on WTC’s quoted price for the Rectification Works, was wrong
for several reasons, namely:

(a) WTC’s quotation was the lowest of the four quotations obtained by JBE, the
highest of which was $2,741,600 (this argument by counsel was factually wrong
as WTC’s quotation was the second highest of the four quotations (see [23]
above), but we shall not take issue with it in these grounds of decision as it
is not a material point);

(b) the other three quotations obtained by JBE for the Rectification Works
were not impugned; and

(c) the cost of carrying out the cladding work entailed by the Rectification
Works had increased since the Building Contract was entered into.

28 We did not accept JBE’s argument as it did not address the main factor
which cast doubt on the accuracy and validity of WTC’s quotation for the
Rectification Works, namely, the basis on which WTC made that quotation. It
may be recalled that the Rectification Works were for the Cladding Defects,
which were the defects (among others) that Gammon had to rectify pursuant to
SOI 271/09. According to the Completion Certificate, the Cladding Defects were
“minor”.[note: 18] However, to rectify these defects, WTC proposed the “
_removal_ , supply & _re-install [sic]_ of … aluminium composite panels”[note:
19] [emphasis added]. Similarly, the other three quotations for the
Rectification Works were based on the removal of the defective cladding and
the installation of new cladding for the whole of the Building. Specifically:

(a) Millionbuilt proposed the “[d]esign, supply & installation of aluminium
cladding to _replace existing cladding panel[s]_ ”[note: 20] [emphasis added],
with the total cladding area estimated to be 4,900m2;

(b) Jan Façade proposed the “ _[r]emoval_ of existing aluminium composite
panel[s] and its associate works”[note: 21] [emphasis added] and the “[s]upply
and _installation of new aluminium composite panel[s]_ … [i]ncluding all
necessary sub-frames and fixing accessories”[note: 22] [emphasis added] (Jan
Façade also stated that “[d]ue to the _complexity_ of this project, [it would]
not accept partial replacement works”[note: 23] [emphasis added]); and

(c) WHA Engineering proposed the “re-alignment, _removal and replacement_ of
damaged panel[s]”[note: 24] [emphasis added], with the area to be repaired
estimated to be 5,200m2.

29 The descriptions given by the Contractors as to the proposed scope of the
Rectification Works show that each of them contemplated the replacement of the
cladding of the whole of the Building, even though the Cladding Defects were
described in the Completion Certificate as “minor”[note: 25] defects. Counsel
for JBE contended that the Cladding Defects were not in fact minor, but he was
unable to refer to any evidence to support his argument. We also note that,
for reasons which it did not explain and also did not offer to explain, JBE
failed to disclose to the court the letters which it sent to the Contractors
inviting them to submit quotations for the Rectification Works. That said,
JBE’s non-disclosure in this regard was, in our view, relatively
inconsequential. Instead, what was material was the nature of the Cladding
Defects. We have already pointed out that those defects were said to be
“minor”[note: 26] in the Completion Certificate. The Judge likewise held at
[11] of the GD that the Cladding Defects were “relatively minor”. After
examining the evidence on record, we agreed with this finding. Given the
nature of the Cladding Defects, and assuming that the quotations obtained by
JBE from the Contractors were genuine, it was incongruous for JBE to have
relied on quotations for _replacing_ the existing cladding of the whole of the
Building and _installing new cladding_ , as opposed to quotations for
_rectifying_ the Cladding Defects. Further, even if the Contractors’
quotations were indeed for the rectification of the Cladding Defects, they
were _prima facie_ grossly inflated and exorbitant, given that the highest
quotation for the Rectification Works which Gammon obtained pursuant to the
Judge’s direction was only $560,000. Viewed as a whole, the evidence adduced
by JBE of its alleged actual loss arising from Gammon’s breach of the Building
Contract indicated, as the Judge rightly held, that “there was gross
exaggeration of the costs of rectification … in support of [JBE’s] call on the
[B]ond” (see the GD at [14]).

30 For the above reasons, we were of the view that JBE had failed to show
that, at the date of its call on the Bond, it had suffered actual loss arising
from Gammon’s breach of the Building Contract – proof of such actual loss was
essential in the present case, given our ruling (at [19] above) that the Bond
should be construed as a true indemnity performance bond. We should add that
even if the Bond were construed as an on-demand performance bond (_cf_ our
ruling), JBE’s call on it was unconscionable for the reasons given by the
Judge (see [26] above).

The Ancillary Orders

31 Before we conclude these grounds of decision, there is one final matter
which we should address, namely, the Ancillary Orders. In essence, these
orders: (a) directed Gammon to rectify (_inter alia_) the defects listed in
SOI 271/09 within six months; and (b) required JBE and Gammon to call a joint
tender for a contractor to make good any of the defects not rectified by
Gammon. The Ancillary Orders were not sought by either party, and we did not
think it was proper for the Judge to have made those orders, even if they
might have represented the best way to resolve the outstanding issues between
the parties. We thus set aside those orders.

Conclusion

32 In the result, we dismissed the present appeal against the Judge’s decision
to grant the Interim Injunction, and set aside the Ancillary Orders. We
ordered the costs here and below to be costs in the cause, and also made the
usual consequential orders.

* * *

[note: 1]See the Core Bundle filed on 27 May 2010 (“CB”) at vol 2, pp 25–29.

[note: 2]See CB at vol 2, pp 46–47.

[note: 3]See CB at vol 2, p 47.

[note: 4]_Ibid_.

[note: 5]See CB at vol 2, p 25.

[note: 6]_Ibid_.

[note: 7]_Ibid_.

[note: 8]See CB at vol 2, p 46.

[note: 9]See CB at vol 2, p 29.

[note: 10]See CB at vol 2, p 47.

[note: 11]See the Supplemental Core Bundle filed on 28 June 2010 (“SCB”) at
vol 1, p 25.

[note: 12]_Ibid_.

[note: 13]See CB at vol 2, pp 49–87.

[note: 14]See CB at vol 2, pp 151–152.

[note: 15]See CB at vol 2, p 153.

[note: 16]See CB at vol 2, pp 154–155.

[note: 17]See CB at vol 2, p 156.

[note: 18]See SCB at vol 1, p 25.

[note: 19]See CB at vol 2, p 153.

[note: 20]See CB at vol 2, p 152.

[note: 21]See CB at vol 2, p 154.

[note: 22]_Ibid_.

[note: 23]See CB at vol 2, p 155.

[note: 24]See CB at vol 2, p 156.

[note: 25]See SCB at vol 1, p 25.

[note: 26]_Ibid_.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 03 Dec 2010 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

