Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  AJR _v_ AJS  
[2010] SGHC 199

Case Number| :| Divorce Transferred No 4402 of 2006  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 15 July 2010  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Chan Seng Onn J  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Ragbir Singh s/o Ram Singh Bajwa (Bajwa & Co) for the
plaintiff; Dr Anamah Tan (Ann Tan & Associates) for the defendant.  
Parties| :|  AJR — AJS  
  
15 July 2010| Judgment reserved.  
---|---  
  
Chan Seng Onn J:

1 The parties were married on 26th August 1995 in Guam. They have three
children, aged 7, 10 and 11 years. The wife filed for divorce on 4 October
2006 and the husband moved out of the matrimonial home in January 2007.
Interim judgment was granted on 16 March 2007 with a consent order as to the
joint custody of the children with care and control to the wife and liberal
access to the husband (“the Interim Judgment”). The issues before me concern:
(a) the manner in which the matrimonial assets are to be distributed; and (b)
the amount to be paid as maintenance for the three children of the marriage.

Distribution of matrimonial assets

The matrimonial assets

2 A preliminary issue is the question of the date at which the matrimonial
assets and the parties’ contributions thereto are to be considered for
distribution, _ie_ , whether the matrimonial assets in the present case
encompass assets existing (a) as at the date of the Interim Judgment (16 March
2007); or (b) as at the date of the ancillary orders for division of the
matrimonial assets.

3 Between the date of the Interim Judgment and the present date, there has
been a change both in the value and in the nature of the assets through the
acquisition of new assets after the date of the Interim Judgment. The value of
the assets has increased due to the accumulation of both parties’ salaries
earned after the date of the Interim Judgment. More importantly, after the
date of the Interim Judgment, the wife purchased three properties in Malaysia
for investment purposes (“the Malaysian properties”) and bought a piece of
land in Singapore on which to build a house (“the Singapore property”). In
2008 and 2009, she also exercised some stock options which she had acquired
before the date of the Interim Judgment. In addition, some of the proceeds
from the sale of a property in South Africa (“the South African Property”)
which property had been acquired in the wife’s name before the date of the
Interim Judgment, appear to have only been transferred to the wife’s bank
account in Singapore in 2008.

4 In my opinion, apart from assets acquired before the marriage which satisfy
the definition of “matrimonial assets” in s 112(10)(_a_) of the Women’s
Charter (Cap 353, 2009 Rev Ed), the matrimonial assets available for
distribution should be restricted to the assets acquired in the course of the
marriage by both parties up to the date of the Interim Judgment. Hence, all
the matrimonial assets (including any valuable accrued rights such as stock
options and future bonuses arising from employment prior to the date of
interim judgment) which existed as at the date of the Interim Judgment are the
relevant assets for distribution. Any asset acquired after the date of the
Interim Judgment should not be considered a matrimonial asset to be
distributed between the parties. The party choosing to invest in new assets
after the date of the Interim Judgment takes the benefit of an appreciation
and also the market risk of a fall in the value of those investments. The
rationale behind this is that the Interim Judgment puts an end to the marriage
contract and indicates that the parties no longer intend to participate in the
joint accumulation of matrimonial assets nor in any further joint investment
in any matrimonial assets with the associated market risk of a fall in the
value of those joint investments, unless there is evidence to substantiate a
mutual intention to the contrary. As the Court of Appeal observed in
_Sivakolunthu Kumarasamy v Shanmugam Nagaiah and another_ [1987] SLR(R) 702 (“
_Sivakolunthu_ ”) (at [25]):

The grant of a decree _nisi_ is a recognition by the “court that the marriage
is at an end”. When such a decree is pronounced, there is, as Lord Wright said
[in _Fender v St John-Mildmay_ [1938] AC 1 at 45-6], no longer any matrimonial
home, no _consortium vitae_ and no right on either side to conjugal rights.

In _Sivakolunthu_ , the Court of Appeal held that the jurisdiction to make
ancillary orders is founded on the reality of the break-up of a marriage
rather than the legal formality of such a break-up and that this is also
evidenced by the power of the court to order a division of matrimonial assets
upon the granting of a decree of judicial separation. Consequently, the Court
of Appeal construed the expression “decree of divorce” in the then s 106(1) of
the Women’s Charter (Cap 353, 1985 Ed) to include a decree _nisi_. Section
106(1) of the Women’s Charter was subsequently replaced by s 112(1) of the
Women’s Charter (Cap 353, 1997 Rev Ed). Nevertheless, as observed by Kan Ting
Chiu J in _Yap Hwee May Kathryn v Geh Thien Ee Martin and another_ [2007] 3
SLR(R) 663 (“ _Yap Hwee May Kathryn_ ”), there are strong similarities in s106
of the Women’s Charter (Cap 353, 1985 Ed) and s 112 of the Women’s Charter
(Cap 353, 1997 Rev Ed) in that they both set out the power of the court to
order the division of matrimonial assets. Section 106(1) of the Women’s
Charter (Cap 353, 1985 Rev Ed) stated that the court shall have the power
“when granting a decree of divorce” while s 112(1) of the Women’s Charter (Cap
353, 1997 Rev Ed) stated that the court shall have the power “when granting
_or subsequent to_ the grant of a decree of divorce” [emphasis added]. Kan J
held that the Court of Appeal’s ruling in _Sivakolunthu_ that “decree of
divorce” includes a decree _nisi_ should apply to s 112(1) of the Women’s
Charter (Cap 353, 1997 Rev Ed) as well. Section 112(1) of the Women’s Charter
(Cap 353, 2009 Rev Ed) now states that the court shall have the power to order
the division of matrimonial assets “when granting _or subsequent to_ the grant
of a _judgment_ of divorce” [emphasis added]. Reasoning by analogy, s 112(1)
of the Women’s Charter (Cap 353, 2009 Rev Ed) should also be interpreted such
that the court shall have the power to order the division of matrimonial
assets when granting or subsequent to the grant of an interim judgment.

5 The reasoning in _Sivakolunthu_ was applied by the High Court in _Yap Hwee
May Kathryn_ where Kan J stated his preference for the date when the decree
_nisi_ was made as the operative date for an order for the division of
matrimonial assets. Kan J cited two persuasive reasons for his preference.
Firstly, if all the relevant facts are before the court, there is no reason
why the actual division of matrimonial assets should not be done when the
decree _nisi_ is granted. Secondly, it is impossible to employ the date of the
decree _absolute_ as the operative date for division as the date cannot be
ascertained when the division is made since a decree _absolute_ is only made
when the hearing of all ancillary matters, such as the division of matrimonial
assets and custody, are concluded. I agree. I would also add that it would be
inconsistent with the intention of the parties to include in the pool of
matrimonial assets any assets that they separately acquire _after_ the grant
of the interim judgment since, as at the date of the interim judgment, the
parties have already “put an end to the whole content of the marriage
contract, leaving only the shell, that is, the technical bond” ( _Fender v St
John-Mildmay_ [1936] 1 KB 111, per Greer LJ at 115-7). As such, on the facts
of the present case, given the clear intention of the parties not to
contribute to the pool of matrimonial assets as from the date of Interim
Judgment, I would consider the matrimonial assets available for distribution
to be the assets existing at the date of Interim Judgment. However, I would
stress that the date of the Interim Judgment only determines the assets which
are available for distribution and _not_ the _value_ of such assets which
would be taken into account when dividing the matrimonial assets. I will
elaborate at [8] and [9] below on how the net asset values for the purpose of
division are to be determined. Any other outstanding liabilities incurred for
the welfare of the family (_eg_ , outstanding loans taken to finance the
children’s education, family holidays or family expenses during the marriage)
would also have to be deducted in order to derive the total net value of
matrimonial assets available for distribution, which shall hereinafter be
referred to as “S$_m_ ”.

6 In some rare cases, a party may have indulged in certain vices involving a
large amount of expenditure (_eg_ , excessive gambling or drinking) to the
extent that matrimonial assets have been unfairly or unjustly depleted by the
unacceptable actions of that party. Should the innocent party to the marriage
be made to suffer on account of that or should the guilty party be made to
bear the entire amount of that expenditure or at least a part thereof, as if
that guilty party had spent his own share of the matrimonial assets when
calculating the distribution of matrimonial assets? In my view, the court has
a discretion to decide whether or not such a wasteful dissipation of
matrimonial assets should be accounted for at all, and if so, the extent to
which that wasteful dissipation should be accounted for in order to make the
eventual distribution of matrimonial assets just and equitable for the
innocent party. Should the court decide that it is just and equitable for the
_entire_ amount dissipated to be accounted for as part of the matrimonial
assets as if the _entire_ amount had not been dissipated, then the _entire_
amount proved to have been unfairly or unjustly dissipated by that party
during the course of the marriage until the date of interim judgment will be
notionally added to the total net amount of the matrimonial assets. If the
court decides that it is only just and equitable to account for a _fraction_
of the entire amount dissipated by the guilty party, especially where there
was no vehement objection from the innocent party at the time the expenditure
on the vices were incurred by the guilty party, then only that _fraction_ will
be added to the total net amount of the matrimonial assets. The amount
notionally added to the total net amount of matrimonial assets to represent
the amount that a party to the marriage has dissipated unjustly or unfairly
will hereinafter be referred to as “S$_n_ ”. The amount dissipated unjustly or
unfairly by either the husband or the wife will subsequently be deducted from
the share of matrimonial assets to be awarded to him or her. This is set out
in greater detail at [37]-[38] below. (See steps 7 and 8 of the methodology
presented in this judgment as a guide to achieving a fair distribution of
matrimonial assets.)

7 There are also some cases—the present case being one of them—where one
party, prior to the date of interim judgment, uses money from the pool of
matrimonial assets to acquire assets in his or her own name in circumstances
in which both parties are aware that the party acquiring such assets is making
the investment for his or her own purposes and has no intention that the other
party partake in such investment, and where the other party could not
reasonably have expected to share in the investment in the event of a divorce.
In these circumstances, the court also has a discretion to decide how to
account for such expenditure. It may well be just and equitable to order that
the party which removed the money from the pool of matrimonial assets be
treated as having used that money for his or her own purposes (similar to the
scenario where one party unfairly or unjustly depletes the matrimonial assets
by engaging in vices as considered at [6] above). The amount expended by the
party making the investment will notionally be added to the total net amount
of matrimonial assets to represent the amount that a party to the marriage has
invested for his own benefit and will hereinafter be referred to as “S$_p_ ”.
The amount invested by either the husband or the wife for his or her own
benefit will subsequently be deducted from the share of matrimonial assets to
be awarded to him or her. As in the situation described in [6] above, this is
set out in greater detail at [37]-[38] below. (See steps 7 and 8 of the
methodology presented in this judgment as a guide to achieving a fair
distribution of matrimonial assets.)

8 As a general principle, in the distribution of matrimonial assets according
to the ratio which I shall determine in this judgment, all assets existing as
at the date of the Interim Judgment, _ie_ , 16 March 2007, will be considered
as part of the pool of matrimonial assets to be distributed. For instance, the
amount of monies in the respective bank accounts and CPF accounts of the
parties constituting part of the matrimonial assets shall be the amount in
those accounts as at the date of the Interim Judgment. If an asset has been
sold either before or after the date of Interim Judgment and the net proceeds
of sale have not been received and banked into the parties’ bank accounts as
at the date of the Interim Judgment, then it will be assigned a notional net
asset value equal to the price at which it was sold less any outstanding loan
taken to purchase that asset and any incidental expenses incurred in the sale.
In other words, its net asset value is its expected net proceeds of sale. If
an asset has not been sold, its net asset value will have to be ascertained as
at the date of this judgment (and not as at the date of the interim judgment)
by independent valuers if the parties cannot agree on its net asset value.
Both parties ought to have the benefit of any appreciation and similarly,
suffer any depreciation in the value of the asset up to the date of this
judgement since the parties themselves have implicitly agreed to keep the
matrimonial asset to the present date pending the conclusion of the ancillary
hearing. Depending on the circumstances, the court may either objectively
determine as a fact what the present net asset value should be having regard
to the valuations obtained by the parties from professional valuers or the
court may order the asset to be sold within a given timeframe and thereafter,
the sale proceeds less repayment of any outstanding loan and incidental
expenses incurred in the sale of the property will be entered into the pool of
matrimonial assets for division. On the facts of this case, the parties have
agreed that the assets which existed on the date of the Interim Judgment are
as follows:

(a) A property in Australia (“the Australian Property”);

(b) Perth Mint (Gold);

(c) Perth Mint (Silver);

(d) Proceeds from the sale of the South African Property which was purchased
in the wife’s name before the date of the Interim Judgment and subsequently
sold in 2006, subject to the following considerations:

(i) If the net sale proceeds have been paid into the wife’s bank accounts
_prior_ to the date of the Interim Judgment, then there is no need to consider
this property at all as it would already be accounted for within item (f)
below.

(ii) However, if any of the sale proceeds are paid into the wife’s bank
account _after_ the date of the Interim Judgment, then such proceeds would not
be captured by item (f) which is the amount in the wife’s bank account as at
the date of the Interim Judgment, in which case such proceeds from the sale of
the South African Property will have to be notionally added to the pool of
matrimonial assets available for distribution.

(e) The wife’s stock options which were earned in the course of her employment
before the date of the Interim Judgment and exercised in 2008 and 2009 after
the date of the Interim Judgment. These stock options were in fact benefits
earned by the wife in the course of her employment _before_ the date of the
Interim Judgment. In other words, these stock options were benefits granted to
the wife on account of her job performance for the period before the date of
the Interim Judgment and as such, should comprise part of the matrimonial
assets. As they have been exercised _after_ the date of the Interim Judgment,
the sale proceeds, less any incidental expenses for the sale and taxes payable
on account of the exercise of the stock options, will constitute matrimonial
assets. The wife exercised the stock options in 2008 and 2009. She earned
US$5,221,511.24 from her exercise of the stock options in 2008 and
US$585,059.22 from her exercise of the stock options in 2009. This translates
to approximately S$8,129,198.64 in total. Assuming a combined US and Singapore
tax rate of 35%, the tax paid on these stock options was approximately
S$2,845,219.52. The net amount earned from the wife’s exercise of the stock
options is therefore approximately S$5,283,979.12. Since this amount did not
form part of the monies in the wife’s bank account as at the date of the
Interim Judgment (item (f) below), they would have to be added to the pool of
matrimonial assets available for distribution;

(f) Monies in the wife’s bank accounts as at the date of the Interim Judgment;

(g) Monies in the wife’s CPF Ordinary, Special and Medisave accounts as at the
date of the Interim Judgment;

(h) Monies in the husband’s bank accounts as at the date of the Interim
Judgment; and

(i) Monies in the husband’s CPF Ordinary, Special and Medisave accounts as at
the date of the Interim Judgment.

The parties also had outstanding tax liabilities as on the date of the Interim
Judgment which were incurred before the date of the Interim Judgment and must
be deducted from the total value of matrimonial assets.

9 Accordingly, the total net value of matrimonial assets available for
distribution will be the sum of the values of the assets listed in [8] above
less any other outstanding income tax liabilities arising from income earned
in the course of the marriage up to the date of the Interim Judgment and, as
stated above at [5], will be represented as “S$_m_ ”.

10 If there are any matrimonial assets (including cash) proved to have been
unfairly or unjustly dissipated by either party during the course of the
marriage until the date of interim judgment which the court finds unacceptable
and must be accounted for as part of the matrimonial assets as if they had
never been dissipated, then the amount that the court deems to have been
unfairly or unjustly dissipated (S$_n_ – see [6] above), would be notionally
added to the total net value of matrimonial assets available for distribution.
If there are any matrimonial assets (including cash) proved to have been
expended by either party for his or her own investment purposes _before_ the
date of the Interim Judgment and both parties did not intend for the other
party to partake in the investment, then the total amount expended (S$_p_ –
see [7] above) would also be notionally added to the total net value of
matrimonial assets available for distribution.

11 The _notional_ total net value of matrimonial assets available for
distribution is accordingly the sum total of S$_m_ \+ S$_n_ \+ S$_p_ and will
be represented as S$_A_. On the facts of this case, S$_n_ is zero as no
allegation of unjust depletion has been raised by either party. S$_p_ is
S$242,390 since the Wife made three deposits amounting to RM545,358.28 (or
S$242,390) between 30 January 2007 and 3 February 2007 towards her purchase of
the Malaysian Properties just a few months prior to the grant of interim
judgment. S$_A_ is therefore the sum of S$_m_ and S$242,390.

Apportioning the assets

The parties’ submissions

12 The husband seeks an equal distribution of the matrimonial assets. The wife
submits that the Australian Property, gold and silver should be divided
between the parties in the proportion of their respective financial
contributions whilst the rest of the assets should be kept by the parties in
whose names the assets were registered.

13 The basis for the husband’s claim to an equal distribution of assets is
that the marriage was a partnership of equals. Both parties had started life
in the financial industry and were earning about the same amount initially
until the husband subsequently stayed home and became a househusband from 2001
to 2006. According to the husband, the decision that he stayed home to look
after the young children of the marriage was a joint one to cater to the needs
of the family. The husband claims that it would be fair, just and equitable to
grant him 50% net of the wealth which he submits was jointly created and
improved upon by the parties. On the other hand, the wife argues against an
equal division on the basis that the wife has exceeded the husband in both
financial and non-financial contributions such that it would be unjust to
order an equal division.

14 Section 112(1) of the Women’s Charter (Cap 353, 2009 Rev Ed) provides that:

The court shall have power, when granting or subsequent to the grant of a
judgment of divorce, judicial separation or nullity of marriage, to order the
division between the parties of any matrimonial asset or the sale of any such
asset and the division between the parties of the proceeds of the sale of any
such asset in such proportions as the court thinks _just and equitable_.
[emphasis added]

15 The High Court in _Lau Loon Seng v Sia Peck Eng_ [1999] 2 SLR(R) 688,
having considered the legislative history behind the enactment of s 112,
concluded that the principle of equal division is not preserved in the just
and equitable formulation in s 112. Rather, what is just and equitable must be
decided on the facts of each case. The principle of equal division has also
been rejected in subsequent cases. In _Lock Yeng Fun v Chua Hong Chye_ [2007]
3 SLR(R) 520, the Court of Appeal observed that equality of division of
matrimonial assets was not the norm and that in the large majority of cases
decided by the courts, equality of division was not achievable on the facts.
The Court of Appeal noted that it would be contrary to legislative intent to
seek to achieve equality as the norm as an end point regardless of the actual
facts and merits concerned.

16 In view of s 112(1) of the Women’s Charter and the existing case
authorities, the husband’s contention for an equal division of the matrimonial
assets will not be sustained unless it is decided, after an evaluation of all
the direct and indirect contributions of both parties, that it would be just
and equitable to grant the husband a 50% share in the matrimonial assets. The
husband argues that it would be just and equitable to grant him a 50% share in
the matrimonial assets as both parties had jointly created and improved upon
the matrimonial assets. In particular, from 2001-2006, the husband had stayed
home to look after the children with the help of two domestic helpers. During
this period, the wife excelled in her work whilst the husband looked after the
home and children and supervised the construction of the parties’ houses in
Australia and South Africa as well as the Perth Mint investments. On the other
hand, the wife argues that during the period when the husband did not work,
the wife still exceeded the husband in non-financial contributions and that
she had a crucial role to play in the selection of the parties’ joint
investments and their design of their house in Australia. It is not disputed
that the husband was diagnosed with Attention Deficit Disorder (“ADD”) in
2006. The wife claims that the husband was unable to look after the children
and that after her work, the wife had to look after the children and the
household as well as the husband. I agree with the wife that this is not a
case where one marriage partner took care of all the responsibilities of
looking after the children and household while the other focused on her
career. Rather, this is a case where the partner who was focusing on her
career also looked after the household and children. Moreover, the partner who
focused on her career amassed a large sum of money which has fallen into the
pool of matrimonial assets. I have set out at [44], [45], [46], [48] and [49]
below additional evidence of the parties’ respective direct and indirect
contributions towards the marriage and the welfare of the family. I find that
in all the circumstances of this case, it would not be just and equitable to
grant the husband a 50% share of the matrimonial assets. Applying a broad-
brush approach, the proportion of the total net value of matrimonial assets
available for distribution which it would be just and equitable to award to
the husband, is in my view broadly 20%. The wife deserves to get a much larger
share of 80% in view of her much greater direct and indirect contributions.

17 I also disagree with the wife’s submission that a classification approach
should be adopted in the division of the matrimonial assets and that the
Australian Property, gold and silver should be divided according to the
parties’ respective financial contributions to these investments whilst the
other assets should be retained by the parties in whose names they are
registered. Although both parties have kept separate bank accounts, I find
that this does not alter the nature of the monies in the bank accounts as
matrimonial assets as there is no clear evidence that the separation of the
parties’ respective incomes was made with the view that their assets would be
divided along those lines in the event of divorce proceedings (see _Foo Tee
Sey v Loy Hui Eng_ [2001] 3 SLR(R) 178). Moreover, both parties contributed to
the purchase price of the Australian Property, gold and silver, albeit in
differing amounts. Although the wife paid the purchase price of the South
African Property, the husband claims that he supervised and saw to the
completion of this property. In my opinion, during the marriage, the parties
treated themselves as a married couple would and treated their properties as
matrimonial assets jointly acquired and dealt with. With the exception of the
wife’s purchase of the Malaysian Properties a few months prior to the date of
the Interim Judgment, it was not intended that each party would keep the
assets in his or her own name and divide their joint investments according to
their actual financial contribution towards the acquisition of each
investment. Thus, it would not be just and equitable for each party to retain
the monies in his or her own bank and CPF accounts and for the wife, in
addition, to retain the proceeds of the South African Property and the sale of
her stock options whilst dividing the Australian Property, gold and silver in
the proportion of the parties’ respective contributions to the purchase price
of such properties.

18 Accordingly, I reject the approach put forth by both parties for the
distribution of matrimonial assets. I now explain in greater detail at [19] to
[23] below the broad-brush approach I have adopted to arrive at a just and
equitable division of the net value of the matrimonial assets giving 20% of it
to the husband and 80% to the wife.

The approach to determining a “just and equitable” division

19 In _NK v NL_ [2007] 3 SLR(R) 743 (“ _NK v NL_ ”), the Court of Appeal
stated that it is the duty of the court to recognise the reality of family
dynamics and to give due weight to all indirect contributions which are by
their nature not reducible to monetary terms. The Court of Appeal held (at
[28]) that in the absence of documentary evidence, the court must make a
“rough and ready approximation” and avoid falling back on the view that
favours financial contribution to the acquisition of property. Apart from
reiterating that a broad-brush approach or a holistic assessment must be
adopted in the just and equitable apportionment of matrimonial assets with due
regard being had to all the circumstances of the case including those factors
(not exhaustive) enumerated by s 112(2) of the Act which must also be duly
assessed and considered as a whole, the Court of Appeal provided further
useful guidance as to _how_ a just and equitable division of the assets shall
be arrived at and stressed that the entire process must involve a mutual
respect for spousal contributions, whether in the economic or homemaking
spheres, as both roles are equally fundamental to the well-being of the
marital partnership.

20 The Court of Appeal in _NK v NL_ held that there are two distinct
methodologies in the attribution of indirect contributions to the division of
matrimonial assets. The first method requires a calculation of the net value
of all matrimonial assets followed by a just and equitable division in light
of all the circumstances of the case (“the global assessment methodology”).
The court’s duty would be to (a) identify and pool all the matrimonial assets
pursuant to s 112(10) of the Women’s Charter; (b) assess the net value of the
pool of assets; (c) determine a just and equitable division in the light of
all the circumstances of the case; and (d) decide on the most convenient way
to achieve these proportions of division. Pursuant to this approach, the
percentage for _indirect_ contributions is applied without distinction to
_all_ matrimonial assets. The second method requires a separation of the
matrimonial assets into classes with individual apportionment for each class
such as the matrimonial home, cash in bank accounts, shares, and businesses,
etc (“the classification methodology”). Any _direct_ financial contributions
and _indirect_ contributions are considered in relation to _each_ class of
assets, rather than by way of a global assessment. The Court of Appeal in _NK
v NL_ held that the methodology that led to a just and equitable division
should be applied, although in the vast majority of cases, either methodology
would likely achieve the same result. In _NK v NL_ , the second methodology
was adopted as the Court of Appeal felt that, on the facts of that case, it
was more principled and conducive to a fair and equitable division to consider
the assets involved in classes, taking into account the differing financial
contributions of each party to the acquisition of different assets, rather
than as a vast conglomerate of assets. In its application of the
classification methodology, the Court of Appeal in _NK v NL_ held that only
the _direct_ contributions may _vary_. The element of _indirect_ contributions
in the context of homemaking and child caring must necessarily remain
_constant_ in relation to each class of asset.

21 In my opinion, the classification methodology, in varying the _direct_
contributions depending on the asset being considered, must also take into
account the fact that parties to a marriage may make _direct_ contributions to
the family expenditure in different ways. Some _direct_ financial
contributions to the family welfare (_eg_ , food, education and other school
fees, medical expenses, public utilities, travel and holiday expenses) are
totally unrelated to the acquisition or maintenance of any identifiable
matrimonial asset (hereinafter referred to as the “unattributable _direct_
financial contributions”) which are unlike those direct payments made by a
party which can readily be traced to the payment of the purchase price of a
matrimonial asset or to the repayment of a loan taken to finance the purchase
of that matrimonial asset. How then should those unattributable _direct_
financial contributions to the family welfare be accounted for in the just and
equitable division of matrimonial assets? Should they be treated in the same
manner as the _indirect_ contributions in that the element of such
unattributable _direct_ financial contributions made by a party towards the
family welfare must remain _constant_ in relation to each class of asset?
Logically, it should remain _constant_ as they are unattributable to any
particular matrimonial asset just as with the _indirect_ contributions. In my
view, such unattributable _direct_ financial contributions are just as
important as those attributable and traceable _direct_ financial contributions
made towards the acquisition or maintenance of matrimonial assets. However,
the computation of the total unattributable _direct_ financial contributions
during the whole course of the marriage is no easy task as no accounts or
financial records will likely be kept of such financial contributions towards
the family welfare. Over the duration of a long marriage, these unattributable
_direct_ financial contributions can be very significant if not more
significant than the actual direct financial contributions made towards the
acquisition and maintenance of matrimonial assets (especially for lower income
families where the only matrimonial asset may well be a three-room HDB flat).

22 Having regard to the fact that in most marriage partnerships it is largely
fortuitous as to which party contributes directly towards the acquisition of
matrimonial assets (_eg_ , houses, shares, bonds, insurance policies with cash
surrender values _etc_) and which party pays for other family expenditure
(_eg_ , food, education and medical expenses _etc_) which have no asset value,
I would prefer to adopt a global assessment approach and work on the basis
that, unless disputed, the parties to a marriage have contributed and applied
all their respective incomes from employment or business received in the
course of the marriage to the overall welfare of the family (be it as
unattributable _direct_ financial contributions towards food, education and
medical expenses _etc_ or as attributable _direct_ financial contributions
traceable to the maintenance or acquisition of matrimonial assets including
cash deposits which are the unused monies saved by the parties). The ratio of
their total respective incomes during the life of the marriage would _prima
facie_ represent or reflect as a whole their respective _direct_ financial
contributions (both attributable and unattributable) towards the overall
welfare of the family and, accordingly, would _prima facie_ also help to
determine their respective _direct_ contributions for the purpose of a just
and equitable division of matrimonial assets, which I must stress is only one
side of the equation. The other side of the equation is the ratio of
_indirect_ contributions made by the parties towards the overall welfare of
the family. Both ratios of _direct_ and _indirect_ contributions by the
respective parties will then be factored together to determine, as best as the
court can using a holistic and broad-brush approach, the most appropriate
final ratio to apply in order to achieve a just and equitable division of the
matrimonial assets (as defined in s 112(10) of the Women’s Charter (Cap 353,
2009 Rev Ed)).

23 I do not propose to determine with “mathematical precision” the amount of
the parties’ respective contributions to the marriage and the ratio according
to which the matrimonial assets should be distributed. As the Court of Appeal
acknowledged in _NK v NL_ (at [28]), “[i]n the absence of documentary
evidence, courts must indeed make a ‘rough and ready approximation’”, “it
would not profit either party to embark on an exercise with a view to
determine with mathematical precision the amount of their respective
contributions” and “division is ‘not a pure exercise in arithmetic that would
yield some degree of exactitude and certainty’”. In line with the existing
judicial approach to the division of matrimonial assets, I have exercised my
discretion in broad strokes to determine the division of the matrimonial
assets in the ratio of 20%:80% in favour of the wife which in my view best
achieves a just and equitable division of the matrimonial assets. For
comparison purposes and as a rough check whether I could have made a serious
error in the exercise of my discretion, I also used the methodology set out
below (at [24] – [38]), which takes into account the parties’ _direct_
attributable _and_ unattributable financial contributions to the marriage as
well as their _indirect_ contributions to the marriage. I must emphasise that
the methodology is no more than a useful guide and is not a substitute for the
judicial approach to the division of matrimonial assets as set out in _NK v
NL_.

24 In summary, the methodology is as follows. The total contribution (of both
parties) to the matrimonial assets consists of a combination of both _direct
and indirect_ contributions. I would determine the percentage of the _total_
contribution that is attributable to (a) the _direct_ contribution of the
parties; and (b) the _indirect_ contribution of the parties. This depends
largely on the court’s view of the relative weight or significance of the
_total direct_ contribution _versus_ the _total indirect_ contribution made by
the parties towards the overall welfare of the family after considering all
the relevant facts and circumstances. Having determined the ratio of _total
direct_ contribution to the ratio of _total indirect_ contribution of _both_
parties to the marriage, I would then consider the _direct_ contribution
component separately from the _indirect_ contribution component. With regard
to the _direct_ contribution component, I would assume that, unless the
contrary is proven, each party intended to apply and has indeed applied all
his or her earnings towards the accumulation of the pool of matrimonial assets
such that the sum of his or her net earnings during the marriage (less taxes
payable thereon) combined with the matrimonial assets that he or she had
brought to the marriage constitute his or her total _direct_ contribution to
the marriage and the proportion of each party’s _direct_ contribution is
broadly represented by the fraction of his or her total earnings (plus
matrimonial assets brought to the marriage by him or her, if any) over the
total combined earnings (plus matrimonial assets brought to the marriage by
both parties, if any). As for the _indirect_ contribution, I would take into
account broadly the parties’ non-financial contributions to the marriage (_eg_
, the time, effort and commitment looking after the welfare of the family and
bringing up the children, the support and assistance that one party may have
given to the other to aid that party in the carrying on of his or her
occupation or business, and their business acumen or investment abilities
which may have contributed to an increase in value of the pool of matrimonial
assets). Next, I would sum up each party’s _direct and indirect_ contributions
to the marriage and determine the ratio of the husband’s total (_direct and
indirect_) contribution to the wife’s total (_direct and indirect_)
contribution. Finally, I would take into account any assets expended by the
husband and/or the wife for his or her own benefit which I find must be
subtracted from his or her share of the matrimonial assets (see [6] and [7]
above).

(1) The methodology

25 The precise steps in this methodology are as follows.

Step 1: The total net value of matrimonial assets to be distributed

26 The _notional_ total net value of matrimonial assets to be distributed will
be referred to as S$_A_ (see [10] – [11] above). I will first determine that
full disclosure has been made of all matrimonial assets that the parties have
accumulated in the course of the marriage (as defined in s 112(10) of the
Women’s Charter) and all such matrimonial assets including any liabilities
have been fully accounted for. Basically, the list of matrimonial assets and
the outstanding liabilities existing as at the date of the interim judgment
must be complete and as clearly identified as possible. This would ensure that
the calculation of the total net value of matrimonial assets available for
distribution (S$_m_ – see [9] above) is as accurate as possible.

27 As discussed above, for present purposes, the course of marriage runs from
the date of marriage to the date the interim judgment is granted. The value to
be taken of any matrimonial asset existing at the date of interim judgment and
still in existence now is the net value of that asset as at the date of this
judgment, which should preferably be determined by a qualified independent
valuer if the asset is not in the nature of cash or fixed deposits. However,
if any matrimonial asset (acquired before the date of the interim judgment)
has been sold or liquidated either before or after the date of interim
judgment and the net proceeds of sale are only received and banked into the
parties’ bank accounts subsequent to the grant of interim judgment, then the
price at which the asset was sold or the amount obtained after liquidation
(less loan repayment and other incidental expenses incurred in the sale or
liquidation) will be used as the net value of that asset. The total value of
any matrimonial asset (including cash) proved to have been unfairly or
unjustly dissipated by a party during the course of the marriage until the
date of the interim judgment (S$_n_ – see [6] and [10] above), or expended by
either party for a personal investment in which the other party cannot
reasonably have expected to participate in (S$_p_ – see [7] and [10] above),
and which must be accounted for as part of the just and equitable distribution
of the matrimonial assets as if the assets have not been dissipated, will have
to be notionally added to the total net value of matrimonial assets available
for distribution, giving S$_A_ as the _notional_ total net value of
matrimonial assets available for distribution. This will be accounted for at
steps 7 and 8 (see [37] and [38] below).

Step 2: The percentage of _direct_ contributions of both parties (“ _B_ %”)
and _indirect_ contributions of both parties (“ _C_ %”)

28 I reiterate that the _total_ contribution (of _both_ parties) to the
matrimonial assets consists of two components, _ie_ , the _direct_ and
_indirect_ contribution components. Based on an assessment of the relative
importance or weightage of the _direct_ contribution to the _indirect_
contribution towards the overall welfare of the family, I will determine the
percentage of the _total_ contribution (of _both_ parties) to the family that
represents the _total direct_ contribution (of _both_ parties) (“ _B_ %”). I
would also determine the percentage of the _total_ contribution (of _both_
parties) to the family that represents the _total indirect_ contribution (of
_both_ parties) (“ _C_ %”). _B_ % and _C_ % together will add up to 100%,
being the _total direct_ and _indirect_ contributions of _both_ parties
towards the marriage partnership.

29 The ratio of _B_ % to _C_ % must necessarily depend on the facts of the
case. Examples of some factors which may affect the relative weightage or
importance of the total indirect contribution as against the total direct
contribution in the division of matrimonial assets and hence the overall ratio
to be applied are:

(a) the length of the marriage;

(b) the number of children in the family;

(c) the existence of a third party carer (_eg_ , maids);

(d) the extent of the giving of assistance or support to the other party
including the extent of the giving of assistance or support which aids the
other party in the carrying on of his or her occupation or business; and

(e) the total amount of time and effort that _both_ parties had spent looking
after the welfare of the family, including looking after and improving the
home and other matrimonial assets, caring for the family, bringing up each of
their children and taking care of any other aged or infirm relative or
dependant of either party.

The total amount of time and effort that _both_ parties have spent at work or
at the business during the course of the marriage in order to earn the incomes
that provide the _direct_ financial contributions of _both_ parties towards
the welfare of the family must also be factored into the assessment of the
relative weightage of _direct and indirect_ contributions by _both_ parties in
order to determine the most appropriate ratio of _B_ % to _C_ % to achieve a
just and equitable division of the matrimonial assets.

30 The further subdivision of both _B_ % and _C_ % into the respective
proportions made by _each_ party must still be done and this will be
considered separately in steps 3 and 4 respectively. If the respective
proportions that _each_ party in fact contributed to _each_ of the _B_ % and
_C_ % components are not ascertained by carefully considering all the relevant
factual evidence provided, then it will not be possible to make any order on
the proportion or manner in which to divide the matrimonial assets between the
parties. Unfortunately, this can be a tedious exercise and is no easy task.
Nevertheless, the court still has to carry it out.

Step 3: The _direct_ contribution of _each_ party

31 The _direct_ contribution of _each_ party to the pool of matrimonial assets
as at the date of interim judgment will be considered. _Direct_ contributions
are generally monetary contributions towards the marriage partnership by both
parties arising from their employment and/or business. I will determine the
husband’s share of the total _direct_ contribution of both parties to be “ _D_
%”. I will also determine the wife’s share of the total _direct_ contribution
of both parties to be “ _E_ %”. _D_ % and _E_ % together should add up to
100%, representing the total _direct_ contribution of both parties towards the
marriage partnership. The ratio of the husband’s share to the wife’s share of
the total direct contribution is therefore _D_ %:_E_ %. In determining a
party’s _direct_ contribution to the family, unless disputed, I will assume
that that party has applied all matrimonial assets (as defined in s 112(10) of
the Women’s Charter) that he or she has received in the course of the marriage
to the welfare of the family. This includes that party’s earned salary, other
monetary emoluments and other income from business (including stock options
earned) and the amount he or she has accumulated in his or her CPF account. I
will then multiply both _D_ % and _E_ % by _B_ % separately to obtain _DB_ %
as the percentage of matrimonial assets for distribution which is to be
awarded to the husband arising from his _direct_ contribution to the family
and _EB_ % as the percentage of matrimonial assets for distribution which is
to be awarded to the wife arising from her _direct_ contribution to the
family.

32 It is pertinent to point out at this juncture that if a party chooses not
to make full disclosure of all of his or her _direct_ contribution (for
reasons best known to that party which could perhaps be to avoid having to pay
a higher maintenance to the other party by understating any part of his or her
own earnings or income during the entirety of the period between the date of
the marriage until the date of the interim judgment), then that party will be
disadvantaged as its percentage _direct_ contribution will become less than it
should otherwise be and accordingly, that party will eventually receive a
smaller share of the matrimonial assets that are available for distribution.
Hence, parties may well disadvantage themselves if they understate their
_direct_ contributions or their earned income and other emoluments.

33 I would also point out that the state of the evidence before the court
(perhaps due to the long history of the marriage and the fact that the parties
may not have kept every tax assessment or bank statements etc. to prove their
precise _direct_ financial contribution to the marriage) will often make it
difficult for the court to arrive at a more precise determination of the
_direct_ contribution of each party to the marriage. In these circumstances, a
rough and ready approximation will be made of the _direct_ contribution of
each party to the marriage in light of the available evidence.

Step 4: The _indirect_ contribution of _each_ party

34 I will determine the husband’s share of the _total indirect_ contribution
of both parties to be “ _F_ %”. I will also determine the wife’s share of the
_total indirect_ contributions of both parties to be “ _G_ %”. Again, _F_ %
and _G_ % together should be 100%, representing the _total indirect_
contribution of _both_ parties towards the marriage partnership. The ratio of
the husband’s share to the wife’s share of the _total indirect_ contribution
is therefore _F_ %:_G_ %. I will then multiply both _F_ % and _G_ % by _C_ %
separately to obtain _FC_ % as the percentage of matrimonial assets which is
to be awarded to the husband arising from his _indirect_ contribution to the
family, and _GC_ % as the percentage of matrimonial assets which is to be
awarded to the wife arising from her _indirect_ contribution to the family.

Step 5: The value of matrimonial assets to be distributed to the husband

35 To obtain the _notional_ value of the matrimonial assets to be distributed
to the husband, I will accordingly sum up the total percentage of matrimonial
assets for distribution which is to be awarded to the husband arising from
_both_ his _direct_ and _indirect_ contributions to the family (_DB_ % + _FC_
%) and multiply this by the _notional_ total value of all the matrimonial
assets available for distribution (S$_A_). The _notional_ value of the
matrimonial assets to be distributed to the husband will thus be S$_A_(_DB_ %
+ _FC_ %).

Step 6: The value of matrimonial assets to be distributed to the wife

36 To obtain the _notional_ value of the matrimonial assets to be distributed
to the wife, I will similarly sum up the percentage of matrimonial assets for
distribution which is to be awarded to the wife arising from _both_ her
_direct_ and _indirect_ contributions to the family (_EB_ % + _GC_ %) and
multiply this by the total _notional_ value of all the matrimonial assets
available for distribution (S$_A_). The _notional_ value of the matrimonial
assets to be distributed to the wife will thus be S$_A_(_EB_ % + _GC_ %).

Step 7: The deduction of the value of assets dissipated or expended
exclusively for one party’s purposes from the amount of matrimonial assets to
be distributed to that party responsible for that dissipation or exclusive
expenditure

37 If any money or asset has been proved to be unjustly dissipated from the
pool of matrimonial assets due to certain vices by either the husband or the
wife or expended by one party for the acquisition of any personal investment
in circumstances in which both parties do not intend the other party to
participate in such investment, the total value of such assets (or fraction
thereof that is just and equitable) as has been dissipated or expended by the
husband or the wife will have to be deducted from the _notional_ total amount
that the party receives in Step 5 or Step 6 respectively. Assuming the husband
has removed S$_H_ worth of assets from the pool of matrimonial assets (S$_A_
as assessed in Step 1), the _actual_ value of the matrimonial assets which
will be distributed to him will thus be [S$_A_(_DB_ % + _FC_ %) - S$_H_]. If
the wife has removed S$_J_ worth of assets from the pool of matrimonial assets
(S$_A_ as assessed in Step 1), the _actual_ value of the matrimonial assets
which would be distributed to her will thus be [S$_A_(_EB_ % + _GC_ %) -
S$_J_]. In the absence of any complaint of dissipation from any party, it will
be assumed that no such unjust dissipation has occurred during the marriage
necessitating a penalisation of the guilty party concerned by the
corresponding deduction to be made to that party’s share of the matrimonial
assets. For clarity, S$(_H+J_) is equal to S$(_n+p_) in [10] above.

Step 8: The final value of matrimonial assets to be distributed to _each_
party

38 From the values of the matrimonial assets finally received by the parties
as calculated in the steps shown above, the _final ratio_ between the value of
the matrimonial assets to be received by the husband and the value of the
matrimonial assets to be received by the wife can then be calculated as
[S$_A_(_DB_ % + _FC_ %) - S$_H_]:[S$_A_(_EB_ % + _GC_ %) - S$_J_]. The sum of
these two amounts (and this can be proved mathematically) will always be equal
to S$_m_ , being the actual total net value of matrimonial assets available
for distribution, and not the _notional_ total net value of matrimonial assets
available for distribution. In other words, [S$_A_(_DB_ % + _FC_ %) - S$_H_]
added to [S$_A_(_EB_ % + _GC_ %) - S$_J_] always equals S$_m_. This _final
ratio_ in _percentage terms_ will be {[S$_A_(_DB_ % + _FC_ %) - S$_H_] ×100 ÷
S$_m_} : {[S$_A_(_EB_ % + _GC_ %) - S$_J_] ×100 ÷ S$_m_}. This constant ratio
may be applied to the total pool of matrimonial assets actually valued at the
total net amount of S$_m_ or to the net value of each and every matrimonial
asset that will be distributed between the parties if such assets are to be
distributed individually. In my view, so long as the allocation of assets as a
whole results in an allocation of the net value of assets to the parties that
approximates the _final ratio_ , it does not matter much as to who gets
exactly which of the many houses, cars, pieces of jewellery and so on. After
the _final ratio_ is ordered by the court, it may be better to leave to the
parties to sort out the detailed allocation of assets by themselves to
approximate the _final ratio_ set by the court, with liberty to apply to the
court if parties cannot agree on the detailed allocation.

(2) Distribution of the matrimonial assets in the present case

39 Having considered the submissions of both parties and the affidavits filed
in support of their submissions, I am of the view that, on a broad-brush
approach, the matrimonial assets available for distribution (see [8] and [9]
above) should be divided between the husband and the wife such that the
_actual_ total net value of the matrimonial assets that the husband and the
wife eventually obtains is in the ratio 20%:80% respectively. As shown below,
the application of the above methodology to the facts of the present case
broadly confirms the appropriateness of the ratio of 20%:80% that I have
decided upon by using the broad-brush approach.

Step 1: The total value of the matrimonial assets to be distributed

40 The precise total value of all the matrimonial assets (less all outstanding
liabilities) existing as at the date of the Interim Judgment that the parties
have accumulated in the course of the marriage until the date of the Interim
Judgment will be calculated by the parties after the valuation of the assets
listed at [8] above is obtained. For present purposes, this will be
represented as S$_m_. As pointed out at [11] above, the _notional_ total net
value of matrimonial assets available for distribution, S$_A_ , includes the
sum of S$242,390 which the wife paid between 30 January 2007 and 3 February
2007 as deposits towards her purchase of the Malaysian Properties and is
therefore equal to S$_m_ \+ S$242,390. From indicative figures provided by
both parties, this would be in the region of S$20 million.

Step 2: The percentage of direct and indirect contributions

41 I accept that determining the relative percentage weightage to be
apportioned between the _total direct_ contribution of _both_ parties versus
the _total indirect_ contribution of _both_ parties (_ie_ , the _B_ %:_C_ %
ratio) is a difficult exercise as one has to evaluate the _relative_
importance of the total monetary contribution by _both_ parties vis-à-vis the
total non-monetary contribution by _both_ parties to get a sense of the
appropriate ratio between the _total direct_ contribution of _both_ parties
versus the _total indirect_ contribution of _both_ parties. Some may say that
the non-monetary contributions by _both_ parties, _eg_ , in providing the
tender loving care given to the children in their growing years is priceless
and cannot be converted into monetary terms. Be that as it may, the court has
to eventually ascertain in actual percentage figures or in monetary terms how
exactly to distribute the matrimonial assets between the two parties to the
marriage. Assessing their _relative_ importance unfortunately is an exercise
that has to be done no matter how difficult and subjective it may be so as to
enable the computation of the percentage distribution to each party to be
properly carried out to achieve a just and equitable distribution.

42 In the present case, the parties were married in 1995 and 12 years had
passed before interim judgment for divorce was granted in 2007. They have
three children and had engaged the services of two domestic helpers (the
second domestic helper was engaged in 2002) to care for the children and the
home. The impact of having a domestic helper in the evaluation is to lessen to
some extent the total _indirect_ contribution in terms of sparing the parties
the time and effort expended in cooking, washing and cleaning the home which
would otherwise comprise part of the indirect contribution to be taken into
account of the party attending to such household chores for the welfare of the
family. Between them, the parties have amassed matrimonial assets worth more
than S$20 million. They have worked hard at their jobs to earn the monies
which enabled them to accumulate those assets. Both parties have also spent
much time and effort looking after the children and taking care of their meals
and schoolwork. Additionally, the parties have invested in matrimonial assets
such as the gold, silver, Australian Property and South African Property. Time
and effort have also been spent looking after and improving the properties. In
these circumstances, I find that a fair and equitable allocation of the _total
direct_ contribution to the marriage (of both parties) is in the region of
about 65% of the total contribution to the marriage whilst the _total
indirect_ contribution to the marriage (of both parties) is in the region of
about 35% of the total contribution to the marriage. The ratio of _B_ % to _C_
% of _total direct_ to _total indirect_ contributions of _both_ parties is
therefore 65%:35%.

Step 3: The percentage _direct_ contribution of each party

43 In the present case, the _direct_ contribution of each party to the
marriage will be treated as all income (less tax liabilities) received by that
party during the course of the marriage, together with any amount brought by
that party to the marriage and ordinarily used or enjoyed by both parties
during the marriage within s112(10) of the Women’s Charter. In the calculation
of the parties’ direct contribution to the marriage, some degree of
approximation and estimation is necessary (such as estimation of the currency
exchange rates and the amount of foreign taxes paid etc.). However, this is
unlikely to affect the calculation of the ratio of the parties’ earnings in
any significant way due to the fact that the _total direct_ contribution is a
very large sum.

44 The husband was working in Hong Kong from 1994 to March 1996. The marriage
only took place in August 1995. However, apart from producing his contract of
employment and letters regarding bonuses paid to him by his employer in Hong
Kong to show that his total earnings between 1994 and March 1996 amounted to
HK$2,061,119, the Husband was unable to show the precise amount that he had
brought to the marriage in August 1995, _eg_ , the amount standing in his bank
account as at the date of marriage. Moreover, the husband was unable to
produce copies of his Hong Kong tax assessment. In these circumstances, I
would allow the husband to treat 50% of the sum of HK$2,061,119 as part of his
_direct_ contribution to the marriage. This amounts to HK$1,030,559.50 or
approximately S$187,561.83.

45 The husband started work in Singapore in April 1996\. The husband has
produced IRAS statements for the Years of Assessment 1997 to 2007 to evidence
his income earned from employment during the course of the marriage. From
these IRAS statements, it appears that the Husband earned a total of
S$2,417,350.50 between 1 January 1996 and 31 December 2006. His tax
liabilities incurred for this period was S$425,512.51. The income earned and
tax liability incurred by the husband in the year 2007 but before the date of
the Interim Judgment (_ie_ , from 1 January 2007 to 16 March 2007 but
excluding 16 March 2007) will be estimated from the figures stated in the
husband’s IRAS statement for the Year of Assessment 2008 where his earnings
was stated as S$502,659.00 and the tax liability incurred was stated as
S$73,971.80. This amounts to estimated earnings of S$101,908.95 and a tax
liability of S$14,997.02 pro-rated for the period from 1 January 2007 to 15
March 2007 (the day before the date of the Interim Judgment). Summing up his
earnings from employment less the tax liabilities he paid on such income from
1996 to the date of interim judgment, and adding the sum of S$187,561.83, the
husband’s total _direct_ financial contribution to the marriage is estimated
at S$2,266,311.75.

46 The wife was employed throughout the course of marriage. She produced IRAS
statements for the Years of Assessment 1997 to 2007 to evidence her income
from employment during the course of marriage. From the wife’s IRAS
statements, it appears that she had earned a total of S$18,807,777.64 and
incurred a tax liability of S$3,935,182.99 between 1 January 1996 and 31
December 2006. Since the Interim Judgment was granted on 16 March 2007, the
income earned and tax liability incurred by the wife in the year 2007 but
before the date of interim judgment (_ie_ , from 1 January 2007 to 16 March
2007 but excluding 16 March 2007) will be estimated from the figures stated in
the wife’s IRAS statement for the Year of Assessment 2008 where her earnings
was stated as S$3,359,558.00 and the tax liability incurred was stated as
S$643,707.60. This amounts to estimated earnings of S$681,115.87 and a tax
liability of S$130,505.10 pro-rated for the period from 1 January 2007 to 15
March 2007 (the day before the date of the Interim Judgment). The wife also
incurred US tax liabilities of approximately US$564,000 (or S$789,600).[note:
1] In 2008 and 2009, the wife also exercised stock options which were awarded
to her during her course of employment and before the date of Interim
Judgment. As calculated at [8(e)] above, the amount earned from the wife’s
exercise of the stock options, less tax liabilities, is approximately
S$5,283,979.12. Summing up her earnings from employment less the tax
liabilities she paid on such income from 1996 to the date of the Interim
Judgment, the wife’s total _direct_ financial contribution to the marriage is
estimated at S$19,917,584.54.

47 The ratio of the husband’s _direct_ financial contribution (_D_ %) to the
marriage to the wife’s _direct_ financial contribution (_E_ %) to the marriage
is S$2,266,311.75:S$19,917,584.54 or 10.22%:89.78%. In the absence of evidence
showing otherwise, it is safe to assume that the ratio 10.22%:89.78% also
broadly approximates the ratio of the husband’s overall _direct_ contribution
to the marriage to the wife’s overall _direct_ contribution to the marriage.
As such, the husband’s _direct_ contribution to the marriage would entitle him
to claim _DB_ % or 10.22% × 65% = 6.64% of the total contributions to the
marriage and the wife’s _direct_ contribution to the marriage would entitle
her to claim _EB_ % or 89.78% × 65% = 58.36% of the total contributions to the
marriage. As can be seen, 6.64% added to 58.36% equals exactly to 65% (_ie_ ,
_B_ %), which is the percentage originally estimated as the percentage
weightage assigned to the _direct_ contribution of _both_ parties to the
marriage (as opposed to the percentage weightage of 35% (_ie_ , _C_ %)
assigned to the _indirect_ contribution of _both_ parties to the marriage).
The logic is that the _direct_ contribution of _each_ party when added
together must exactly equal the _total direct_ contribution of _both_ parties,
and this is confirmed by the figures obtained.

Step 4: The percentage _indirect_ contribution of each party

48 It is undisputed that the wife played an important role in the household
and the children’s upbringing. In his affidavit, the husband acknowledged that
the wife was a “good mother and wife” and described how the wife would,
amongst other things, call home when she travelled, look after the husband’s
parents when they visited, feed the children during the week during the period
1998 to 2001 when both parties were working, put the children to bed and read
them stories when she was not travelling, help with the children’s schoolwork,
oversee the family’s meals and make the baby food from scratch, buy most of
the children’s clothes, shoes, toys and presents, research the cause of and
treatment of the children’s skin conditions and help plan the family’s social
schedule. It is also undisputed that the husband was unemployed from May 2001
to March 2006 and that the husband was diagnosed with ADD in 2006.

49 As alluded to earlier in [16] above, what the parties disagree on is the
extent to which the husband had indirectly contributed to the family,
particularly during the period when he was unemployed. The wife claims that
the husband kept to himself, was easily angered and often vented his anger on
the family. It is the wife’s position that the husband voluntarily left his
job in 2001 as he could not cope with the stress of his job. The wife submits
that despite the fact that the husband was unemployed, he did not relieve the
wife of the load of the household and the children’s responsibilities but
instead added to them as she had to look after his welfare as well. On the
other hand, the husband argues that both parties have contributed equally to
the wellbeing of the family. In his affidavit, the husband states that he,
amongst other things, assisted the children with their homework and projects,
helped with the grocery and fruit shopping, bought the heavy household
cleaning products and dealt with the personal, health and employment problems
of their domestic helpers. Whilst he acknowledged that he worked longer hours
than the wife in the period 1998 to 2001 such that he was unable to help with
the feeding of the children during the week, the husband claims that during
the period when he was unemployed, he supervised the home and children,
particularly during the day and when the wife was travelling, and oversaw the
parties’ investments. He had also supervised the construction of the parties’
houses in Australia and South Africa which adds to his _indirect_
contribution.

50 Counsel for the husband submitted that the _indirect_ contribution of the
husband and the wife should be in the ratio 40%:60% respectively for the
period 1995 to 2001 and in the ratio 60%:40% respectively for the period 2001
to 2006, averaging at an equal indirect contribution from both parties.
Counsel for the wife submitted that the indirect contribution of the husband
and the wife should be in the ratio 20%:80% respectively for the period 1995
to 2006 on the basis that even whilst he was unemployed, the husband did not
contribute much to the welfare of the family, possibly due to his ADD.

51 Having heard counsel for both parties on this issue, I am of the view that
the _indirect_ contribution of the husband and the wife for the entire
duration of the marriage is probably in the ratio 40:60 respectively (_ie_ ,
_F_ %:_G_ %) . At best for the husband, the highest this ratio can go, in my
view, is 50:50. Earlier, I have established that the _total indirect_
contribution of _both_ parties is 35% (_ie_ , C%) of the _total_ contributions
(both _direct and indirect_) to the marriage. As such, on the basis of the
40:60 ratio, the husband’s _indirect_ contribution to the marriage is 14%
(_ie_ , 40% × 35% or _FC_ %) of the _total_ contributions to the marriage
whereas the wife’s _indirect_ contribution to the marriage is 21% (_ie_ , 60%
× 35% or _GC_ %) of the _total_ contribution to the marriage.

Step 5: The _notional_ value of matrimonial assets to be distributed to the
husband

52 The _notional_ value of matrimonial assets to be distributed to the husband
is the sum of the percentage of his _direct_ (6.64% _ie_ , _DB_ %) and
_indirect_ (14% _ie_ , _FC_ %) contributions to the marriage multiplied by the
total _notional_ value of the matrimonial assets for distribution (S$_A_ – see
[11] above). This amounts to S$_x_ based on the simple calculation S$_A_(_DB_
% + _FC_ %). Assuming the total _notional_ value of the matrimonial assets for
distribution is approximately S$20 million (see [40] above), S$_x_ would
amount to S$20,000,000(6.64% + 14%) or S$4,128,000.

Step 6: The _notional_ value of matrimonial assets to be distributed to the
wife

53 The _notional_ value of matrimonial assets to be distributed to the wife is
the sum of the percentage of her direct (58.36% _ie_ , _EB_ %) and indirect
(21% _ie_ , _GC_ %) contributions to the marriage multiplied by the total
_notional_ value of the matrimonial assets available for distribution (S$_A_ –
see [11] above). This amounts to S$_y_ based on the simple calculation
S$_A_(_EB_ % + _GC_ %). Assuming the total _notional_ value of the matrimonial
assets for distribution is approximately S$20 million, S$_y_ would amount to
S$20,000,000(58.36% + 21%) or S$15,872,000.

Step 7: The deduction of the value of assets dissipated or expended
exclusively for one party’s purposes from the amount of matrimonial assets to
be distributed to that party responsible for that dissipation or exclusive
expenditure

54 There is no evidence of any dissipation of matrimonial assets on the part
of the husband. As such, S$_H_ is S$0 and the _actual_ value of matrimonial
assets to be distributed to the husband remains as S$_x_ or S$4,128,000. The
wife paid S$242,390 between 30 January 2007 and 3 February 2007 as deposits
for the purchase of the Malaysian Properties. This amount (S$_J_) will be
deducted from the _notional_ amount of matrimonial assets (S$_y_) to be
distributed to her. The _actual_ value of the matrimonial assets to be
distributed to the wife is thus S$(_y_ -242,390). As the total value of the
matrimonial assets available for distribution is estimated at S$20 million
less S$242,390 (or S$19,757,610), the actual value of the matrimonial assets
that the husband is entitled to would be S$4,128,000 (_ie_ , S$_x_) and the
actual value of the matrimonial assets that the wife is entitled to would be
S$15,629,610 (_ie_ , S$(_y_ -242,390) or S$15,872,000 – S$242,390 =
S$15,629,610).

Step 8: The final value of matrimonial assets to be distributed to each party

55 Given that the assets are not held in joint names and instead of
distributing each asset individually according to a stipulated ratio, I will
distribute the assets as a whole in accordance with the ratio for distribution
S$_x_ :S$(_y_ –242,390), which has to be applied to the total actual net value
of the matrimonial assets of S$19,757,610 (which is represented by S$_m_ – see
[9] above, or S$_A_ \- S$242,390, or S$20 million less S$242,390). I have
calculated this ratio to be 20.89%:79.11% (which is based on the ratio
S$4,128,000:S$15,629,610). This ratio of 20.89%:79.11% arrived at through this
methodology supports the distribution ratio of 20%:80%, which I have
determined by adopting the broad-brush approach.

Manner in which the assets will be distributed

56 It will facilitate matters for the parties that assets held in the name of
a party are allocated to that party where it is possible to do so (and not to
the other party). However the total values of the assets distributed to the
respective parties must still conform to the ratio of 20% of S$_m_ to the
husband and 80% of S$_m_ to the wife. As explained at [8] – [9] above, the
parties are to work out the values of all matrimonial assets existing as at
the date of the Interim Judgment. As stated earlier, S$_m_ represents the
total sum of the net values of all such matrimonial assets. The parties will
then have to allocate the assets between themselves in such a way that the
husband receives 20% of S$_m_ and the wife receives 80% of S$_m_. If parties
are unable to agree on the manner in which the assets are to be distributed,
they may apply to the court for guidance.

A sensitivity analysis

57 A sensitivity analysis will now be conducted to determine the difference
between the amount of matrimonial assets that I have decided to award to the
husband and the more generous amount which he sought to claim (which I am not
prepared to allow). The husband submitted that the ratio of _total direct_
contribution to _total indirect_ contribution of _both_ parties to the
marriage (step 2) should be 50%:50% and that the ratio of _indirect_
contribution of the husband to the _indirect_ contribution of the wife should
also be 50%:50%. I am of the view that, taking the husband’s case at its
highest (which I am not prepared to accept in the present case), at best, the
ratio of _total direct_ contribution to _total indirect_ contribution may be
60%:40% whilst the ratio of _indirect_ contribution of the husband to the
_indirect_ contribution of the wife may be 50%:50%.

58 Taking the best case scenario for the husband (which I am not prepared to
accept in the present case), the husband’s _indirect_ contribution to the
marriage will then be 20% (_ie_ , 50% × 40% or _FC_ %) of the _total_
contribution to the marriage and the wife’s _indirect_ contribution to the
marriage is also 20% (_ie_ , 50% × 40% or _GC_ %) of the _total_ contribution
to the marriage. However, the husband’s _direct_ contribution to the marriage
will remain low at 6.132% (_ie_ , 60% × 10.22% or _DB_ %) whilst the wife’s
_direct_ contribution to the marriage will still be much higher at 53.868%
(_ie_ , 60% × 89.78% or _EB_ %). The sum of the percentage of the husband’s
_direct_ (6.132%) _and indirect_ (20%) contributions to the marriage
multiplied by the _notional_ total net value of the matrimonial assets
available for distribution, assuming that S$_A_ is approximately S$20 million
would amount to S$5,226,400. The sum of the percentage of the wife’s _direct_
(53.868%) and _indirect_ (20%) contributions to the marriage multiplied by
S$_A_ , assuming that is S$20 million, would amount to S$14,773,600. Deducting
the sum of S$242,390 from the _notional_ value of matrimonial assets to be
distributed to the wife, she will be awarded matrimonial assets totalling
S$14,531,210. The ratio between the _actual_ total value of matrimonial assets
to be distributed to the husband and that to be distributed to the wife would
be S$5,226,400:S$14,531,210 or 26.45%:73.55%. This is approximately 25%:75%.
When compared with the ratio of 20%:80%, this is merely a change of
approximately 5%, even when taking the best possible case for the husband. On
no account based on the facts of this case can I see a division ratio in the
region of 50%:50% which is what the husband is asking for.

Maintenance of the children

59 The wife has been unemployed since August 2009\. Her last drawn salary was
S$57,000 per month plus bonus stock options and other benefits. She resigned
in July 2009. The husband started work in May 2006 and is earning S$27,000 per
month plus bonus. When the Interim Judgment was granted on 16 March 2007, a
consent order was made relating to the three children. It was agreed that
there would be joint custody of the children, the wife would have care and
control of the children, and the husband would have liberal access to the
children.

60 The husband has been paying 50% of the children’s school fees plus S$2,000
per month as contribution for the children’s expenses since January 2007. This
amounts to a total of S$5,700 per month for the three children. The husband is
happy to continue to pay as he has been doing. However, the wife claims that
the monthly expenditure for each child including school fees is S$4,985.
Together, the wife submits that the children cost S$14,955 per month to
maintain. The wife argues that since she is not working and is looking after
the children full time, the husband should contribute more than half of the
children’s expenses.

61 In determining the amount of maintenance to be paid to the wife by the
husband for the maintenance of the three children, s 127 of the Women’s
Charter (Cap 353, 2009 Rev Ed) provides that the court may order a parent to
pay maintenance for the benefit of his child in such manner as the court
thinks fit and that the provisions of Parts VIII and IX of the Women’s Charter
shall apply, with necessary modifications, to an application for maintenance
and a maintenance order. Section 69(4) of the Women’s Charter, which is found
in Part VIII of the Women’s Charter, provides that:

(4) The court, when ordering maintenance for a wife or child under this
section, shall have regard to all the circumstances of the case including the
following matters:

(a) the financial needs of the wife or child;

(b) the income, earning capacity (if any), property and other financial
resources of the wife or child;

(c) any physical or mental disability of the wife or child;

(d) the age of each party to the marriage and the duration of the marriage;

(e) the contributions made by each of the parties to the marriage to the
welfare of the family, including any contribution made by looking after the
home or caring for the family;

(f) the standard of living enjoyed by the wife or child before the husband or
parent, as the case may be, neglected or refused to provide reasonable
maintenance for the wife or child;

(g) in the case of a child, the manner in which he was being, and in which the
parties to the marriage expected him to be, educated or trained; and

(h) the conduct of each of the parties to the marriage, if the conduct is such
that it would in the opinion of the court be inequitable to disregard it.

62 Although the wife has resigned from her job, her earning capacity is high,
as can be gleaned from her last-drawn salary. Moreover, in view of the fact
that she owns several properties, one in Singapore and three in Malaysia which
she acquired after the date of the Interim Judgment and has been awarded 80%
of the matrimonial assets available for distribution, she has adequate
financial resources to provide for herself and the children. As such, I find
that it would be just and equitable for the husband and wife to pay an equal
amount for the maintenance of the children. I am of the view that a reasonable
sum to be paid by the husband for the monthly maintenance of all three
children is half of their school fees plus S$2,375. The monthly maintenance of
S$2,375 is derived from the following calculation:

Type of expenditure |  Amount per month for all 3 children  
---|---  
Dental and Medical (including annual dental check-ups and cleansing of teeth but excluding expenses incurred in visiting an orthodontist) |  S$250  
Domestic Helpers and Transport  |  S$1,800  
Groceries |  S$2,100  
Bedding, clothing, toiletries, telephone charges and other miscellaneous household expenses |  S$600  
**_Total_** |  **_S$4,750_**  
Husband’s share (half of total expenditure) |  S$2,375  
  
  

Additionally, 50% of any lump sum expenditure incurred for the well-being of
the children on enrichment classes, hospitalisation charges beyond that
covered by medical insurance and visits to an orthodontist (collectively
referred to as “Ad-hoc Activities”) may be claimed from the Husband on a
reimbursement basis upon production of receipts. Any expenditure on a driver,
children’s toys, pets, enrichment books (excluding books required as part of
the children’s school curriculum) and holidays will not be shared but will be
borne by the party who chooses to incur such expenditure.

63 Thus, I order that the husband is to pay the wife S$2,375 a month for the
maintenance of all three children and that he contributes 50% of the
children’s school fees and any lump sum expenditure incurred for Ad-hoc
Activities on a reimbursement basis upon production of receipts. As there is
only a small difference (_ie_ $375 a month) between what the husband has
already been paying previously to the wife for the monthly maintenance of the
children and the amount that he is now ordered to pay, I will not backdate the
maintenance payments to the date of the Interim Judgment. Payment under this
order of maintenance is to commence from the date of this judgment.

Conclusion

64 I order that the parties distribute the matrimonial assets at the date of
interim judgment in such a manner that the husband receives 20% of the total
net value of matrimonial assets available for distribution (_ie_ , 20% of
S$_m_) and the wife receives 80% of the total net value of matrimonial assets
available for distribution (_ie_ , 80% of S$_m_). The matrimonial assets are
those listed at [8] above and the calculation of S$_m_ should be performed as
detailed at [9] above. I grant the parties liberty to apply to the Court if
they are unable to agree on the detailed allocation of the matrimonial assets.
The parties should preferably try to work this out on their own first.

65 The husband shall pay the wife 50% of the children’s school fees plus
S$2,375 a month for the children’s living expenses. He will also pay the wife
50% of any other lump sum expenditure incurred for Ad-hoc Activities on a
reimbursement basis upon production of receipts.

66 I make no order as to costs.

* * *

[note: 1]Plaintiff’s declaration of the value of matrimonial assets filed on
15 December 2009.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 15 Jul 2010 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

