Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Standard Chartered Bank _v_ Loh Chong Yong Thomas  
[2010] SGCA 2

Case Number| :| Civil Appeal No 47 of 2009  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 29 January 2010  
Tribunal/Court| :| Court of Appeal  
Coram| :|  Chan Sek Keong CJ; Andrew Phang Boon Leong JA; V K Rajah JA  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Patrick Ang, Chin Wei Lin, Jonathan Lee (Rajah & Tann
LLP) for the appellant; Andre Arul (Arul Chew & Partners) for the respondent;
Chan Wang Ho (Insolvency & Public Trustee's Office) for the Official Assignee.  
Parties| :|  Standard Chartered Bank — Loh Chong Yong Thomas  
  
29 January 2010| Judgment reserved.  
---|---  
  
V K Rajah JA (delivering the judgment of the court):

Introduction

1 This is an appeal arising from an unsuccessful striking-out application made
by the appellant in the District Court. On appeal, the High Court judge (“the
Judge”) affirmed the District Court’s decision. The appellant then appealed to
this court against the Judge’s decision.

The facts

2 The appellant is a commercial bank. The respondent, a practising lawyer at
the material time, maintained several bank accounts with the appellant. Some
of these accounts were in his own name, and the others were office and client
accounts of the law firm in which he practised, namely, M/s Y K Lim & Company
(“the firm”). It appears that the appellant’s former partner, Lim Yee Kai
(“Lim”), embezzled a total of $413,000 from the firm’s client account between
June and September 1997. Unfortunately, after Lim absconded, the respondent
was left to solely shoulder the liabilities of the firm.

3 The appellant commenced an action against the respondent in 1997 to recover
an outstanding debt due to it. The respondent counterclaimed for damages on
the grounds that the appellant had been negligent in allowing withdrawals from
the firm’s client account by Lim. This action was subsequently discontinued
pursuant to a letter of settlement dated 18 November 1998. The terms of this
settlement remain confidential.

4 Soon after Lim’s embezzlement came to light, the Law Society of Singapore
(“the Law Society”) commenced proceedings pursuant to s 27A of the Legal
Profession Act (Cap 161, 1994 Rev Ed) against Lim and the respondent in
Originating Summons No 1358 of 1997 (“the Law Society Action”) to intervene in
their practice as solicitors. Against Lim, the Law Society sought an order to
suspend his practising certificate. It further sought a sanction against the
respondent in the form of the imposition of a condition on his practising
certificate, _viz_ , that he should be prevented from practising as a sole
proprietor or partner in a law firm. The High Court judge who heard the Law
Society Action, Lee Seiu Kin JC, suspended Lim’s practising certificate on the
grounds that Lim had failed to comply with the Legal Profession (Solicitors’
Accounts) Rules (Cap 161, R 8, 1990 Rev Ed). As far as the respondent was
concerned, Lee JC found that he had adopted “a rather cavalier attitude
towards the accounts of the firm” (see _Law Society of Singapore v Lim Yee
Kai_ [1998] 2 SLR(R) 895 at [20]) right from the outset in 1996 when he first
joined the firm until 1997 when the embezzlement took place. Accordingly, the
court imposed the condition sought by the Law Society. The respondent remained
a practising lawyer until he was made a bankrupt on 4 July 2003 upon the
application of Aston Properties Pte Ltd, to which the firm owed $85,300 in
stakeholding monies.

5 On 3 May 2004, almost a year after he was made a bankrupt, the respondent
commenced District Court Suit No 2018 of 2004 (“the DC Suit”) in his own name
against the appellant. In the DC Suit, the respondent alleged that the
appellant had committed a breach of duty both in contract _and_ in tort in
negligently failing to discharge the requisite duty of care in relation to two
bank accounts maintained by him in his own name (“the Bank Accounts”). He
claimed that the appellant had without authority, on some six occasions
between April 1998 and May 1999, debited from and credited to the Bank
Accounts certain sums of money.[note: 1] These unauthorised transactions were
for sums ranging from $12.53 to $168.52. As a consequence, the respondent
alleged, the appellant had no legal basis to wrongfully dishonour three
cheques issued by him for payment to various parties. The first cheque, which
was dishonoured on 18 May 1998, was for the sum of $100 made in payment to one
Goh Meow Heng, a client of the respondent. The second cheque, which was
dishonoured on 27 May 1998, was for the sum of $259 made in payment to Hitachi
Credit Singapore Pte Ltd (“Hitachi Credit”) for monthly instalments on a
computer leasing arrangement between the respondent and Hitachi Credit. The
third cheque, which was dishonoured on 29 May 1998, was for the sum of $354.60
made in payment to the Law Society for a bill in respect of the Law Society
Action. As a result of the appellant’s alleged breach of duty in contract and
in tort, the respondent claimed, he had suffered a grievous loss of “goodwill
and reputation”.[note: 2]

6 Subsequently, the respondent made two further amendments to his statement of
claim, first on 24 March 2005 and for a second time, more than one and a half
years later, on 27 December 2006. The amendment on 24 March 2005 included
further details to buttress the respondent’s claim in contract while the
amendment on 27 December 2006 was to add an altogether _new_ cause of action
in defamation. In respect of this new cause of action, the respondent alleged
that, in failing to honour the cheques issued by him and by stating on the
returned cheques “Refer to Drawer”,[note: 3] the appellant had defamed him. In
his statement of claim, the respondent asked for general and exemplary damages
to be assessed. For completeness, we should add that, in an affidavit filed on
24 June 2008, the respondent alluded to his claim as amounting to a rather
remarkable amount in the region of over a million dollars.[note: 4]

7 It is common ground that _no_ prior sanction from the Official Assignee
(“the OA”) was obtained by the respondent to commence the DC Suit on 3 May
2004 in his own name; neither were the choses in action which were the subject
matter of the DC Suit (“the Choses in Action”) assigned by the OA to the
respondent. The OA’s sanction for the respondent to proceed with the DC Suit
was finally obtained on 7 October 2004, some six months _after_ the writ of
summons was first filed on 3 May 2004. The writ, however, was only served on
the appellant on 4 November 2004. Although the OA’s sanction to commence the
DC Suit was retrospectively obtained, the OA was not asked to nor did he
expressly assign the Choses in Action to the respondent. We should also point
out that, even after sanction had been given by the OA, the named plaintiff in
the DC Suit continued to be the respondent alone. The fact that the respondent
had been made a bankrupt and that his property continues to be vested in the
OA cannot be gleaned from the statement of claim for the DC Suit. This has
given rise to a number of legal controversies which we shall address fully
below at [12]–[43].

8 On ascertaining that the Choses in Action had not been assigned to the
respondent, the appellant filed an application to strike out the DC Suit on
the basis that (_inter alia_) the respondent lacked _locus standi_ to bring
the action since the Choses in Action had vested in the OA. The striking-out
application was first heard by a deputy registrar of the Subordinate Courts
(“the Deputy Registrar”), who made no order on it. On appeal to a district
judge (“the DJ”), the appellant’s appeal against the Deputy Registrar’s
decision was dismissed on 29 March 2007. The DJ’s written grounds are to be
found in _Loh Chong Yong Thomas v Standard Chartered Bank_ [2007] SGDC 82. In
essence, the DJ held that there was no need for an assignment of the Choses in
Action by the OA to the respondent because the requirement for a bankrupt to
obtain sanction from the OA under s 131(1)(_a_) of the Bankruptcy Act (Cap 20,
2000 Rev Ed) (“the BA”) implied that, once the respondent had obtained the
requisite sanction, he would be competent to maintain the DC Suit in his own
name.

9 The appellant appealed to the High Court against the DJ’s decision. Before
the Judge, the appellant repeated its argument that the respondent had no
_locus standi_ to bring the DC Suit in his own name because the Choses in
Action were no longer vested in him. It was also contended that, as the
respondent was a bankrupt, _prior_ sanction had to be obtained from the OA
pursuant to s 131(1)(_a_) of the BA. The respondent’s failure to do so made
the DC Suit a nullity _ab initio_ , and that nullity could not be cured by the
_retrospective_ sanction of the OA. The Judge dismissed the appeal. As no
written grounds have been given, we shall assume that he agreed with the
reasoning of the DJ.

10 As the Judge did not grant the appellant leave to appeal, the present
appeal came before us only after the appellant obtained leave from us to
appeal pursuant to s 34(2)(_d_) of the Supreme Court of Judicature Act (Cap
322, 2007 Rev Ed) on 30 March 2009.

The present appeal

11 The present appeal raised four broad issues as follows:

(a) First, were the Choses in Action “ _property_ ” that became vested in the
OA upon the bankruptcy of the respondent by virtue of s 76(1)(_a_)(i) of the
BA (“the first issue”)?

(b) Second, if the answer to the first issue was “yes”, was it necessary for
the Choses in Action to be assigned by the OA to the respondent before he
could commence the DC Suit in his own name (“the second issue”)?

(c) Third, regardless of what the answer to the second issue was, was it
necessary for the respondent to obtain the _prior_ sanction of the OA under s
131(1)(_a_) of the BA before he could commence the DC Suit (“the third
issue”)?

(d) Fourth, in any event, was the respondent’s claim for defamation “an action
for damages in respect of an _injury to his person_ ” [emphasis added] for the
purposes of s 131(1)(_a_) of the BA (“the fourth issue”)?

Before we proceed to consider these issues, we should point out that it is
important to bear in mind that our bankruptcy legislation, when it was first
enacted, was largely modelled on England’s 19th century bankruptcy
legislation.

The first issue

12 The first issue turns on the meaning of “property” in the BA. Section 2(1)
of this Act defines the “property” of a bankrupt to include all “things in
action … whether present or future or vested or contingent, arising out of or
incidental to … property”, which would include all choses in action relating
to property. This definition is _in pari materia_ with the definition of
“property” in s 436 of England’s current Insolvency Act 1986 (c 45) (UK) (“the
IA”), which is as follows:

“property” includes money, goods, _things in action_ , land and every
description of property wherever situated and also obligations and every
description of interest, whether present or future or vested or contingent,
arising out of, or incidental to, property … [emphasis added]

13 In _Ord v Upton_ [2000] Ch 352 (“ _Ord_ ”), the English Court of Appeal had
to decide whether a claim for personal injuries caused by negligence was
property that formed part of a bankrupt’s estate for the purposes of s 306 of
the IA (which corresponds to s 76(1)(_a_)(i) of the BA in our local context).
In this regard, the court affirmed the concept of “property” which has been
consistently adopted by the English courts since the 19th century in (_inter
alia_) delineating what property of a bankrupt is included within his estate.
Aldous LJ said (at 359–360 of _Ord_):

It follows from section 306 [of the IA, which corresponds to s 76(1)(_a_)(i)
of the BA] that upon Mr. Ord being adjudged bankrupt, his estate vested in his
trustee. That estate included all his property as defined in section 436 [of
the IA], excluding such things as books, clothing etc [see the list of
excluded items in s 283(2) of the IA, which (broadly speaking) corresponds to
s 78(2)(_b_) and s 78(2)(_c_) of the BA]. His claim for negligence committed
by Dr. Wadehra is a thing in action within that definition and therefore it
would seem that Mr. Ord’s action vested in the trustee. However that simple
answer appears to conflict with the way that sections 306, 283 and 436 of the
[IA] have been interpreted. Also, as both parties accept, there are certain
actions which do not vest in the trustee. As Hoffmann L.J. pointed out in
_Heath v. Tang_ [1993] 1 W.L.R. 1421, 1423:

“The bankrupt as plaintiff

“The property which vests in the trustee includes ‘things in action:’ see
section 436 [of the IA]. Despite the breadth of this definition, there are
certain causes of action personal to the bankrupt which do not vest in his
trustee. These include cases in which ‘the damages are to be estimated by
immediate reference to pain felt by the bankrupt in respect of his body, mind,
or character, and without immediate reference to his rights of property:’ see
_Beckham v. Drake_ (1849) 2 H.L. Cas. 579, 604, _per_ Erle J. and _Wilson v.
United Counties Bank Ltd_. [1920] A.C. 102. Actions for defamation and assault
are obvious examples. The bankruptcy does not affect [the bankrupt’s] ability
to litigate such claims. But all other causes of action which were vested in
the bankrupt at the commencement of the bankruptcy, whether for liquidated
sums or unliquidated damages, vest in his trustee. The bankrupt cannot
commence any proceedings based upon such a cause of action and if the
proceedings have already been commenced, he ceases to have sufficient interest
to continue them. Under the old system of pleadings, the defendant was
entitled to plead the plaintiff's supervening bankruptcy as a plea in
abatement. Since the Supreme Court of Judicature Act 1875 (38 & 39 Vict. c.
77), the cause of action does not abate but the action will be stayed or
dismissed unless the trustee is willing to be substituted as plaintiff: see
_Jackson v. North Eastern Railway Co_. (1877) 5 Ch. D. 844.”

_Section 436 [of the IA] is not in truth a definition of the word “property.”
It only sets out what is included. As will appear later from the cases that
have been decided over many years, actions which relate to a bankrupt’s
personal reputation or body have not been considered to be property and
therefore they do not vest in anybody other than the bankrupt. They relate
solely to his body, mind and character and any damages recovered are
compensation for damage to his body, mind and character as opposed to other
causes of action which have been considered to be a right of property. Thus
causes of action to recover damages for pain and suffering have been held not
to vest in the trustee_. That has led to a number of oddities. For example,
the parties agree that if at the time of the bankruptcy, the bankrupt had in
his bank a sum which included money paid as damages for a libel, that sum
would vest in his trustee because the right to the money formed part of his
estate and therefore was available to pay off the bankrupt’s creditors. That
was to be contrasted with an action personal to the bankrupt, such as a libel
action, which was not settled before the end of the bankruptcy. In such
circumstances the cause of action would remain with the bankrupt as would any
damages awarded after discharge. If a cause of action is not personal to the
bankrupt, it vests in the trustee and therefore any damages awarded whether
before or after the discharge will be available to discharge the bankrupt’s
liabilities.

[original emphasis omitted; emphasis added in italics]

14 We see no reason not to apply the decisions of the English courts (as
encapsulated in the above quotation) in determining the meaning of “property”
in s 2(1) of the BA. Accordingly, on this basis, the respondent’s claims for
breach of duty in contract and in tort _vis-à-vis_ the operation of the Bank
Accounts are property which vested in the OA under s 76(1)(_a_)(i) of the BA.
The respondent thus had no _locus standi_ to sue in his own name on these
claims. However, as far as the respondent’s claim for defamation is concerned,
it is not property that vests in the OA upon the respondent’s bankruptcy as it
relates to “pain felt by the [respondent] in respect of his body, mind, or
character, and without immediate reference to his rights of property” (_per_
Erle J in _Daniel Beckham v William Walker Drake and John Surgey_ (1849) 2 HL
Cas 579; 9 ER 1213 (“ _Beckham v Drake_ ”) at 604; 1222); accordingly, the
respondent may sue in his own name on this claim (_subject to_ his obtaining
the necessary sanction from the OA pursuant to s 131(1)(_a_) of the BA, a
requirement which we shall discuss further at [17]–[28] and [34]–[43] below).

The second issue

15 The second issue raises the question of whether property of a bankrupt
which has vested in the OA upon bankruptcy must be assigned by the OA back to
the bankrupt before the latter can sue _in his own name_ on that property. The
guiding principle here is that, where property of a bankrupt has vested in the
OA upon bankruptcy, the bankrupt no longer has any standing to commence any
proceedings _in his own name_ in respect of such property. He may do so (_ie_
, sue in his own name _vis-à-vis_ property vested in the OA) _only if_ the OA
assigns the property in question back to him (upon such assignment, the
property re-vests in the bankrupt, which is why he can then bring an action in
his own name _apropos_ that property). In contrast, if the OA does not assign
the property in question back to the bankrupt (and merely grants the sanction
required by s 131(1)(_a_)), the bankrupt cannot sue in his own name in respect
of the property, but must instead sue _in the OA’s name_.

16 The second issue is, to all intents and purposes, purely hypothetical in
that it has never been the practice of the OA, for practical and other reasons
(one of which is s 131 of the BA, which we shall examine later), to assign
property back to a bankrupt so that the latter can pursue a claim which he has
in respect of that property. Such a procedure would entail more administrative
oversight on the part of the OA in terms of recovering from the bankrupt any
damages or restitution that he may obtain from the defendant. If the bankrupt
has a viable claim against the defendant, the OA would have a duty to pursue
the claim for the benefit of the creditors. The OA would also have full
control over the proceedings. It can be envisaged that, if an assignment of
property back to a bankrupt for the purposes of enabling him to sue on it is
made, such assignment would be subject to so many conditions in order to
safeguard the interests of the creditors that it would simply be more
convenient for the OA to sue on the property rather than to delegate this duty
back to the bankrupt by an assignment of that property.

The third issue

17 Turning now to the third issue, the question which we have to decide is, in
essence, this: Does the use of the words “ _previous_ sanction of the Official
Assignee” [emphasis added] in s 131(1)(_a_) of the BA entail that a bankrupt
must obtain the OA’s _prior_ sanction before he can maintain an action? In
considering this issue, we shall limit our discussion to actions which are
_not_ “action[s] for damages in respect of … injury to [the] person” since s
131(1)(_a_) makes it clear that a bankrupt can sue for damages in respect of
injury to his person _without_ having to obtain the OA’s previous sanction.

18 To determine the third issue, it is necessary for us to examine the history
of s 131 of the BA. This particular provision is peculiar to Singapore and is
not found in the IA. The same is true of Malaysia’s equivalent of this
provision, _viz_ , s 38(1)(_a_) of the Bankruptcy Act 1967 (Act 360, 1988 Rev
Ed) (M’sia) (“the MBA”) (see further [20] below).

The background and purpose of section 131(1)(_a_) of the BA

19 Section 131 of the BA sets out some of the essential disabilities and
disadvantages of a bankrupt. Without the leave of the OA, a bankrupt has no
right to commence an action that does not constitute “an action for damages in
respect of an injury to his person” (see s 131(1)(_a_) of the BA) or to travel
overseas (see s 131(1)(_b_) of the BA). A breach of s 131 of the BA is an
offence punishable with a fine not exceeding $10,000, or imprisonment for a
term not exceeding two years, or both (see s 131(2) of the BA). For ease of
reference, we set out s 131 of the BA in full below:

**131**.—(1) Where a bankrupt has not obtained his discharge —

(_a_) he shall be incompetent to maintain any action, other than an action for
damages in respect of an injury to his person, without the previous sanction
of the Official Assignee; and

(_b_) he shall not leave, remain or reside outside Singapore without the
previous permission of the Official Assignee.

(2) A bankrupt who fails to comply with this section shall be guilty of an
offence and shall be liable on conviction to a fine not exceeding $10,000 or
to imprisonment for a term not exceeding 2 years or to both.

20 The genesis of s 131(1)(_a_) of the BA can be traced back to s 33(1)(_a_)
of the Bankruptcy Ordinance 1888 (SS Ord No 2 of 1888) (“the Bankruptcy
Ordinance 1888”) of the Straits Settlements. This statute was the first
consolidated bankruptcy legislation in the Straits Settlements. Although it
was based largely on England’s Bankruptcy Act 1883 (c 52) (UK) (“the English
BA 1883”), s 33(1)(_a_) of the Bankruptcy Ordinance 1888 – the then equivalent
of s 131(1)(_a_) of the BA – was an innovation in the bankruptcy legislation
of the Straits Settlements. The same may be said of the Federated Malay
States’ equivalent of s 33(1)(_a_) of the Bankruptcy Ordinance 1888, namely, s
33(i)(_a_) of the Bankruptcy Enactment 1912 (No 2 of 1912) (FMS) (“the
Bankruptcy Enactment 1912”). As far as we know, neither of these provisions is
to be found in the bankruptcy laws of England or any other Commonwealth
jurisdiction. We now turn to examine the legislative materials relating to the
enactment of the Bankruptcy Ordinance 1888 to ascertain its legislative
objects.

21 In this connection, the report dated 29th December 1885 laid before the
Straits Settlements Legislative Council relating to the then existing
bankruptcy legislation – _viz_ , the Report by the Commission appointed to
enquire into the Working of the Bankruptcy Ordinance, and into the existing
Law of Partnership (“the Commission Report”) – is highly instructive. The
Commission Report (a copy of which can be found in Appendix No 46 of Straits
Settlements, Colony of Singapore, _Proceedings of the Legislative Council of
the Straits Settlements for 1885_) was published as part of an enquiry
(ordered by the then Governor of the Straits Settlements, Sir Cecil Smith)
into the Straits Settlements’ Bankruptcy Ordinance 1870 (SS Ord No 21 of 1870)
(“the Bankruptcy Ordinance 1870”) to ascertain the existing “ _principal
defects in … Bankruptcy Law_ ” [emphasis added] (see the Commission Report at
para 2).

22 Included among the several suggestions in the Commission Report was a
proposed provision to protect creditors. That provision bears an unmistakeable
resemblance to the current s 131(1) and s 82(1) of the BA. The relevant text
in the Commission Report reads as follows (at para 7):

We cannot venture to hope that it will be possible entirely to prevent frauds
on creditors, but _we suggest the following measures as desirable for the
protection of trade and as calculated to check fraud to a great extent_ :—

(a.) Any new Bankruptcy Ordinance should provide the following consequences of
not obtaining a discharge:—

(1) _That the bankrupt shall be_ **_incompetent_** _to maintain any civil
action for a sum or cause of action above $50 without the consent of the
Official Receiver_.

(2) That he shall every six months render to the Official Receiver an account
of all monies and property come to his hands during that period, with a
provision for punishing him for having made use of any such monies … above the
necessary expenses of living, and for rendering an untrue account.

(3) _That no undischarged bankrupt shall leave the Colony [of Singapore]
without leave of the Court; the so doing to be an offence punishable by
imprisonment_.

…

[emphasis added in italics and bold italics]

23 The Commission Report was drawn up by a panel of eight members
(collectively, “the Commission”) consisting of seven leading colonial
personalities and one local businessman. After completing its consultations,
the Commission concluded that the escalation of fraud on creditors had reached
epidemic proportions in the Straits Settlements. It was deeply troubled by the
fact that (see para 5(c) of the Commission Report):

The clannish nature of the native traders … enable[d] those fraudulently
disposed to make over their property to their friends and relations with
perfect confidence that it [would] be duly restored when the storm ha[d] blown
over. …

There was therefore a compelling need to “materially check the frauds which
[were] … so prevalent and afford some protection to the merchants and traders
of [the] Colony” (see the Commission Report at para 23).

24 Similar concerns were unrestrainedly echoed in the course of the debate in
the Straits Settlements Legislative Council on the Bill which was subsequently
enacted as the Bankruptcy Ordinance 1888, _viz_ , the Bankruptcy Bill 1887
(“the Bankruptcy Bill”) (a copy of this Bill can be found in _SS Govt Gazette_
(19 August 1887) at pp 1539–1605). It is apparent from the Memorandum of
Objects and Reasons to the Bankruptcy Bill that bankruptcy was to be
considered as being _prima facie_ an offence to be investigated by the State
(see _SS Govt Gazette_ (19 August 1887) at p 1603):

… It will be sufficient to point out the principal changes effected by the
[Bankruptcy] Bill. _Of these the most important is the change in the manner in
which insolvency is regarded in its relation to the community_. Speaking
generally, the present Ordinance [_ie_ , the Bankruptcy Ordinance 1870], which
was based on the English Act of 1869 [_ie_ , the Bankruptcy Act 1869 (c 71)
(UK)], views insolvency as a matter affecting only the creditors, and the
Ordinance is drawn on the assumption that the matter can be safely left in
their hands, that self-interest will lead them to realise the estate in the
most economical and beneficial manner, and that the sense of personal injury
will prompt them, in cases where the debtor has been guilty of fraud, to bring
him to justice. _This system proved a failure in England, and, as might have
been expected, in a mixed community like this has been a still greater
failure. This Bill, therefore, proposes that bankruptcy should be treated as
being_ prima facie _an offence requiring investigation on the part of the
State. This investigation will be made by the Court with the assistance of the
Official Assignee. …_ [emphasis added]

25 The same view was emphatically reiterated by the then Attorney-General, J W
Bonser, in the course of the first reading of the Bankruptcy Bill. The
Attorney-General emphasised that the law on bankruptcy had malfunctioned in
the Straits Settlements. In the result, cl 32(1)(_a_) of the Bankruptcy Bill,
which was later enacted as s 33(1)(_a_) of the Bankruptcy Ordinance 1888
(which is, in all essential details, _in pari materia_ with s 131(1)(_a_) of
the BA), was introduced to rectify this problem. The Attorney-General’s
observations merit reproduction here (see Straits Settlements, Colony of
Singapore, _Proceedings of the Legislative Council of the Straits Settlements
for 1887_ (15 August 1887) at pp B104–B106):

[T]he law had entirely broken down [by 1885, the year in which the Commission
Report was published], [in] that it afforded means by which dishonest debtors
could defraud their creditors with impunity, so that, with many, the way to
wealth was through the Bankruptcy Court. … Now, the English Bankruptcy Act of
1883 [_ie_ , the English BA 1883], which forms the basis of the Bill which I
have now the honour to lay before you [_ie_ , the Bankruptcy Bill], takes a
different view of insolvency. _It is drawn on the assumption that bankruptcy
does not affect the creditors alone, but is a matter in which the community as
a whole is interested; that insolvency is something approaching a crime …_

…

Part II of the Bill deals with the disqualifications of undischarged
bankrupts. _At present the refusal of his discharge occasions little or no
inconvenience to a bankrupt. It does not interfere, in practice, with his
commencing and carrying on business again, and thus it has no terrors for him.
But if this part of the Bill passes into law, the undischarged bankrupt will,
in future, find himself in a very awkward position, and will labour under
certain decided disadvantages. For instance, he will be incapable of
maintaining an action without the previous sanction of the Official Assignee_.
He must render to the Assignee every six months, an account of all moneys
received by him, and must pay over to the Assignee the balance which remains
after providing for the necessary expenses after providing for the necessary
expenses of the maintenance of himself and his family. And, thirdly, _he
cannot leave the Colony without the permission of the Official Assignee or the
Court_. …

[emphasis added]

26 In the light of the above, we are satisfied that the predecessor provisions
of both s 131(1)(_a_) and s 131(1)(_b_) of the BA were introduced to ensure
that bankrupts would be in “ _a very awkward position_ , and [would] _labour
under certain decided disadvantages_ ” [emphasis added] (see Straits
Settlements, Colony of Singapore, _Proceedings of the Legislative Council of
the Straits Settlements for 1887_ (15 August 1887) at p B106) during the
entire duration of their bankruptcy. These disadvantages included an absolute
bar on maintaining an action without the previous sanction of the OA, a
regular six-month accounting of all income earned and an absolute restriction
on travel outside the Colony of Singapore without the permission of the OA or
the court (see, respectively, s 33(1)(_a_), s 33(1)(_b_) and s 33(1)(_c_) of
the Bankruptcy Ordinance 1888).

27 We should pause here to observe that, while personal insolvency is today no
longer viewed as being in itself suggestive of criminal behaviour, Parliament
has not in the slightest manner modified the stringent disabilities imposed on
bankrupts more than a century ago via s 33(1) of the Bankruptcy Ordinance
1888. Even the requirement of rendering an account to the OA every six months,
which was originally stipulated in s 33(1)(_b_) of the Bankruptcy Ordinance
1888, can now be found in s 82(1) of the BA. Today, although there is a more
enlightened view prevailing in the community which acknowledges that
businesses and personal undertakings can falter and/or fail for entirely
legitimate reasons and that bankrupts should not be permanently stigmatised,
there is no gainsaying the fact that Parliament nevertheless still considers
it important that significant disabilities should continue to be imposed on
bankrupts during their bankruptcy. Indeed, instead of removing or diluting the
painful disabilities imposed by bankruptcy which have stood for more than a
century, Parliament in 1995 only opted to provide for accelerated mechanisms
to discharge deserving individuals from bankruptcy (see Pt VIII of the
Bankruptcy Act 1995 (Act 15 of 1995), which is now Pt VIII of the BA).

Our ruling on the third issue

28 With the foregoing legislative background in mind, we can now turn to the
question which forms the crux of the third issue, namely, whether the
“previous sanction of the Official Assignee” required by s 131(1)(_a_) of the
BA means _prior_ sanction and not _retrospective_ sanction, the latter being
what was granted in the present case. In our view, the answer is clear beyond
doubt. Section 131(1)(_a_) of the BA was introduced to give the OA full
control of the administration of a bankrupt’s estate for the benefit of the
creditors. If the Legislature had intended that the OA’s consent could be
given retrospectively, then it would not have used the word “previous” in s
131(1)(_a_). In this connection, comparison may be made with s 76(1)(_c_) of
the BA, which forbids any creditor from enforcing a debt against a bankrupt
“except by leave of the court”, without stating whether such leave should be
prior or whether it may be retrospective. In granting retrospective leave
under s 76(1)(_c_)(ii) of the Bankruptcy Act (Cap 20, 1996 Rev Ed) in
_Overseas Union Bank v Lew Keh Lam_ [1998] 3 SLR(R) 219 (“ _Lew Keh Lam_ ”),
the Court of Appeal stated that, if Parliament had intended the court’s leave
to be a “precondition” (at [35]) that had to be fulfilled before a creditor
could commence an action against a bankrupt, “ _the Legislature would have
provided for it in more emphatic terms_ ” [emphasis added] (at [35]). The word
“previous” in s 131(1)(_a_) of the BA is certainly an “emphatic” (see _Lew Keh
Lam_ at [35]) and unequivocal statement that the OA’s sanction cannot be
granted _ex post facto_.

Whether an assignment of the property sued on is necessary if the OA’s
previous sanction has been obtained

29 Before we proceed to deal with the fourth issue, we should pause to address
an argument made by the respondent _apropos_ the scenario where a bankrupt
seeks to sue in respect of _property which has vested in the OA upon
bankruptcy_ , namely, that “**only the OA’s sanction alone** is required for a
bankrupt to sue on or maintain an action [in respect of such property] … [n]o
further assignment of [the property in question] is required or
necessary”[note: 5] [emphasis in bold in original]. In considering this
argument, it is important to bear in mind the effect as well as the scope of s
131(1)(_a_) of the BA.

30 Section 131(1)(_a_) of the BA expressly restricts the competence of a
bankrupt, so long as he has not obtained his discharge, to maintain any action
(other than an action for damages in respect of an injury to his person)
without the previous sanction of the OA (for ease of reference, we shall, in
this part of the judgment, use the term “the s 131(1)(_a_) BA restriction” to
denote the stipulation that the bankrupt must obtain the OA’s previous
sanction before commencing an action which is not an action for damages in
respect of an injury to his person). This formulation of the rights and
disabilities of a bankrupt implies that it is only in cases where the bankrupt
would be competent – if not for the s 131(1)(_a_) BA restriction – to maintain
an action _despite his bankruptcy_ that he requires the previous sanction of
the OA. What then are the actions which, if not for the s 131(1)(_a_) BA
restriction, a bankrupt is competent to maintain notwithstanding his
bankruptcy? As these actions will not, for practical reasons, be actions
relating to property which vests in the OA upon bankruptcy (see [16] above),
they must be actions relating to property that does not vest in the OA upon
bankruptcy. In other words, the bankrupt may maintain any action with respect
to property which remains vested in him despite his bankruptcy, but s
131(1)(_a_) of the BA declares it incompetent for him to do so without the
previous sanction of the OA. In our view, this is the proper construction of s
131(1)(_a_) of the BA, having regard to the object of the legislation, which
is to (_inter alia_) “disable” some of a bankrupt’s civil rights.

31 Before this court, the respondent argued, with reference to the Malaysian
Court of Appeal’s majority decision in _Goh Eng Hwa v M/s Laksamana Realty Sdn
Bhd_ [2004] 3 MLJ 97 (“ _Goh Eng Hwa_ ”), that, where the previous sanction of
the OA had been obtained as required by the Malaysian equivalent of s
131(1)(_a_) of the BA (_ie_ , s 38(1)(_a_) of the MBA), no assignment of the
property sued on back to the bankrupt was required before the bankrupt could
sue in his own name on that property. The reasoning of the majority would seem
to be (although this was not articulated clearly) as follows:

(a) if the OA were to assign the property sued on back to the bankrupt, it
would be unnecessary for the OA to also give his sanction to the bankrupt to
commence legal proceedings in respect of that property since the assignment
would re-vest the property in the bankrupt and enable him to sue on it in his
own name (see, for instance, _Goh Eng Hwa_ at [21]–[22] and [30]); and

(b) conversely, this must mean that, where the OA’s previous sanction had been
given as required by s 38(1)(_a_) of the MBA, an assignment was unnecessary.

32 In this regard, the majority in _Goh Eng Hwa_ disapproved of the decision
of the Court of Appeal of the Federated Malay States in _K Ismail Ganey
Rowther v M A Abdul Kader and The Official Assignee of the Property of K P
Peer Mohamed, a Bankrupt_ [1933] MLJ 98 (“ _K Ismail_ ”) as “archaic” (see
_Goh Eng Hwa_ at [30]) and declined to follow it. In contrast, the minority
judge in _Goh Eng Hwa_ – Abdul Aziz Mohamad JCA – was of the view (at
[63]–[66]) that, given the decision in _K Ismail_ , an assignment of the
property sued on to the bankrupt was necessary.

33 We have two comments to make on _Goh Eng Hwa_. First, the majority’s
decision – _viz_ , that s 38(1)(_a_) of the MBA does not require the property
sued on to be assigned to the bankrupt before he may sue on it – is correct in
law, but we do not agree with the majority’s reasoning. The reason why an
assignment is not necessary is that the actions to which s 38(1)(_a_) of the
MBA (or, in our local context, s 131(1)(_a_) of the BA) applies are, as
mentioned earlier (at [30] above), necessarily actions in respect of property
that _does not_ vest in the OA upon bankruptcy. Since such property remains
vested in the bankrupt despite his bankruptcy, it is not necessary to assign
the property back to him. Second, it appears to us that the majority in _Goh
Eng Hwa_ misunderstood the decision in _K Ismail_ , specifically, Thorne Ag
CJ’s statement (at 99) that:

_[T]he Official Assignee by his sanction only intimates his consent to the
bankrupt’s bringing or continuing an action. The legislature did not intend,
and the section_ [_ie_ , s 33(i)(_a_) of the Bankruptcy Enactment 1912] _does
not mean, that by his sanction the Official Assignee can divest himself of the
property, either real or personal, which is vested in him … and revest that
property in the bankrupt for the purpose of bringing an action_. [emphasis
added]

In essence, Thorne Ag CJ held that the OA’s sanction of an action by a
bankrupt did not have the effect of re-vesting the property sued on in the
bankrupt; only an assignment could do so. We see no flaw in the legal
reasoning which underlies this aspect of Thorne Ag CJ’s decision in _K
Ismail_. In our view, _Goh Eng Hwa_ is of no assistance to the respondent
where his argument at [29] and [31] above is concerned.

The fourth issue

Ambit of “injury to his person” in section 131(1)(_a_) of the BA

34 Turning now to the fourth issue, the question which we have to decide is
whether an action for defamation is “an action for damages in respect of an
injury to [the] person” for the purposes of s 131(1)(_a_) of the BA. The
meaning of the words “injury to [the] person” has not hitherto been determined
by any Singapore court. It is an issue of considerable importance because, as
can be seen from the extract from _Ord_ reproduced at [13] above, a claim for
damages in respect of injury to the person is a type of claim which is
personal to the bankrupt and which therefore does not vest in the OA upon
bankruptcy. Since a claim for damages in respect of injury to the person
remains vested in the bankrupt despite his bankruptcy, he can sue on such a
claim in his own name and, in the context of the fourth issue, he need not
obtain the OA’s previous sanction before commencing his action. Although (as
just mentioned) the meaning of the words “injury to [the] person” has not
previously been decided in Singapore, it has been considered by the courts in
Malaysia and England. We now turn our attention to the decisions of these
courts, starting with the Federated Malay States case of _K Ismail_.

The existing case law

35 In _K Ismail_ , Thorne Ag CJ rejected the trial judge’s ruling that the
phrase “injury to [the] person” in s 33(i)(_a_) of the Bankruptcy Enactment
1912 (which is _in pari materia_ with s 131(1)(_a_) of the BA) was limited to
physical injury to the body. He held, instead, that the phrase covered (see _K
Ismail_ at 99):

… any injury which the bankrupt suffers in mind or body, which might give rise
to an action for damages, and which cause of, or chose in action, or right to
sue remain[s] in the bankrupt after the bankruptcy …

In so far as Thorne Ag CJ’s definition of “injury to [the] person” specifies
that such injury is an injury for which “[the] right to sue remain[s] in the
bankrupt after the bankruptcy” (see _K Ismail_ at 99), this definition is
consistent with English cases, which hold that a cause of action personal to a
bankrupt is not property that vests in the OA (or a trustee in bankruptcy)
upon bankruptcy (see the quotation set out at [13] above).

36 Thorne Ag CJ went on to state in _K Ismail_ (at 99) that an action to
recover damages for injury to reputation – _ie_ , an action to recover damages
for defamation – fell within the ambit of actions for damages in respect of
“injury to [the] person” (for an example of a later Malaysian defamation case
which took the same position, see _Sharifah Aini binte Syed Jaafar v
Karangkraf Sdn Bhd_ [1989] 2 CLJ 1269, although it should be noted that the
court in that case did not actually refer to _K Ismail_). With respect, we are
of the view that this particular aspect of Thorne Ag CJ’s decision is
questionable for three reasons.

37 First, Thorne Ag CJ did not cite any authorities in support of his ruling
that the phrase “injury to [the] person” included injury to a person’s
reputation.

38 Second, although Thorne Ag CJ did not cite any authorities in his decision,
he appeared to have had in mind English cases such as _Beckham v Drake_ ,
where it was held (at 604; 1222) that the right to sue for damages in respect
of injury to a bankrupt’s mind, body or character remained vested in the
bankrupt despite his bankruptcy. In this regard, Thorne Ag CJ appeared to have
overlooked the fact that s 33(i)(_a_) of the Bankruptcy Enactment 1912 was
unique to the bankruptcy regime of the Federated Malay States and, thus, in
construing the words “injury to his person” in this provision, it might _not_
be appropriate to rely on the then existing English case law delineating the
types of claims which were personal to a bankrupt (_ie_ , the types of claims
which would not vest in a trustee in bankruptcy or the OA upon bankruptcy).

39 Third, Thorne Ag CJ’s decision that injury to reputation is a type of
“injury to [the] person” for the purposes of s 33(i)(_a_) of the Bankruptcy
Enactment 1912 is inconsistent with English case law, which shows that the
English courts have all along regarded injury to the _person_ and injury to
_reputation_ as _different_ types of injury, even though they are both
examples of injury which gives rise to a cause of action personal to the
plaintiff. In _Beckham v Drake_ , for instance, Erle J, in discussing the
types of injury in respect of which the right to sue remained vested in a
bankrupt despite his bankruptcy (_ie_ , the types of injury which gave rise to
a cause of action personal to a bankrupt), held as follows (at 604; 1222):

The right of action does not pass where the damages are to be estimated by
immediate reference to pain felt by the bankrupt in respect of his body, mind,
or character, and without immediate reference to his rights of property. Thus
it has been laid down that the assignees [_ie_ , the OA, in the context of
this judgment] cannot sue for breach of promise of marriage, for criminal
conversation, seduction, _defamation_ , battery, _injury to the person_ by
negligence, [such] as by not carrying safely, not curing, not saving from
imprisonment by process of law … [emphasis added]

40 As can be seen from the italicised portion of the above quotation, Erle J
regarded defamation (_ie_ , injury to reputation) and injury to the person as
different types of injury, even though both fell within the ambit of injury
which gave rise to a cause of action personal to the bankrupt. At least four
other judges in _Beckham v Drake_ likewise regarded injury to reputation and
injury to the person as _different_ examples of injury which gave rise to a
cause of action personal to a bankrupt, namely, Platt B (at 601; 1221), Maule
J (at 621; 1228), Parke B (at 626; 1230) and Wilde LCJ (at 635; 1233). The
same view – _viz_ , that injury to reputation is not the same as injury to the
person – is also reflected in later English cases. In the House of Lords case
of _Wilson v United Counties Bank, Limited_ [1920] AC 102 (“ _Wilson_ ”), for
instance, Viscount Finlay stated that the types of claims which would “remain
vested in [a bankrupt] in spite of his bankruptcy” (at 120) – _ie_ , the types
of claims which were personal to a bankrupt – included claims for “damage to
the person _or_ reputation of the bankrupt” [emphasis added] (at 120). More
recently, Aldous LJ stated in _Ord_ (at 360) that “actions which relate[d] to
a bankrupt’s personal reputation _or_ body … [did] not vest in anybody other
than the bankrupt” [emphasis added] and thus did not pass to the OA upon
bankruptcy. If injury to reputation is part and parcel of injury to the
person, Viscount Finlay in _Wilson_ and Aldous LJ in _Ord_ need not have
specifically mentioned injury to reputation _in addition to_ injury to the
person when setting out examples of injury which gave rise to a cause of
action personal to a bankrupt; neither would they have used the word “or” in
relation to these two types of injury.

41 With respect, it seems to us that Thorne Ag CJ’s definition of “injury to
[the] person” in _K Ismail_ confuses the concept of injury which gives rise to
a cause of action personal to a bankrupt (_ie_ , injury in respect of which
the right to sue remains vested in a bankrupt despite his bankruptcy) with the
concept of injury to the person. These two concepts are _not_ the same. Injury
to the person is merely a type of injury which gives rise to a cause of action
personal to a bankrupt; the latter can take the form of other types of injury
(apart from injury to the person) such as injury to reputation or injury in
the form of false imprisonment.

Our ruling on the fourth issue

42 In our view, therefore, the respondent’s claim for defamation was not “an
action for damages in respect of an injury to his person” for the purposes of
s 131(1)(_a_) of the BA. This phrase _does not_ include an action for damages
for defamation as such an action (_ie_ , an action for damages for defamation)
is concerned with the _character or reputation_ of the bankrupt, whereas an
action for damages in respect of injury to the person is concerned with
physical injury to the bankrupt’s _body_ (which may include, _inter alia_ ,
injury to the bankrupt’s _mind_ such as nervous shock and psychological or
psychiatric injury). Accordingly, a bankrupt must obtain the previous sanction
of the OA before he can commence an action for defamation; and, if a
defamation action has already been commenced at the time when bankruptcy
supervenes, the bankrupt must obtain the OA’s sanction before the action can
be continued.

43 In the present case, “ _previous_ sanction” [emphasis added] (_per_ s
131(1)(_a_) of the BA) was not given by the OA to the respondent to pursue his
claim for defamation in the DC Suit. It follows that that claim had no legal
basis and should also (along with the claims for breach of duty in contract
and in tort) have been struck out.

Conclusion

44 In conclusion, we find for the appellant on all the essential issues. None
of the respondent’s claims in the DC Suit were claims for “damages in respect
of an injury to [the] person” (_per_ s 131(1)(_a_) of the BA); thus, the
respondent had to obtain the previous sanction of the OA before he could
commence the DC Suit. This was not done, and this failure to comply with s
131(1)(_a_) of the BA could not be cured by the retrospective “sanction” which
the respondent received from the OA. Further, the respondent was the sole
plaintiff throughout the DC Suit and currently still remains the sole
plaintiff (see [7] above). However, as we pointed out earlier, the respondent
cannot sue in his own name in so far as his claims for breach of duty in
contract and in tort are concerned as these claims now vest in the OA because
of s 76(1)(_a_)(i) of the BA. For these reasons, we allow the present appeal.

45 Considering that our decision is premised upon arguments that were not
adequately developed by the parties, we think that the appropriate costs order
is for each party to bear its own costs here and below in respect of the
striking-out proceedings. The security provided by the appellant for the
respondent’s costs of the appeal is to be released to the appellant.

* * *

[note: 1]See the second amended Statement of Claim filed on 27 December 2006
(“the second amended SOC”) at paras 13, 16, 25 and 34–36.

[note: 2]See the second amended SOC at para 39.

[note: 3]See the second amended SOC at, _inter alia_ , para 43(b).

[note: 4]See the Record of Appeal at vol III (Part E) at pp 1113–1121.

[note: 5]See para 15 of the respondent’s Skeletal Arguments filed on 13
October 2009.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 29 Jan 2010 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

