Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Hong Investment Pte Ltd _v_ Tai Thong Hung Plastics Industries (Pte) Ltd  
[2010] SGHC 375

Case Number| :| Companies Winding Up No 239 of 2003 (Summons No 4244 of 2010)  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 28 December 2010  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Tan Lee Meng J  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Lim Chee San (TanLim Partnership) for the petitioner;
Edmond Pereira (Edmond Pereira & Partners) for the respondent.  
Parties| :|  Hong Investment Pte Ltd — Tai Thong Hung Plastics Industries
(Pte) Ltd  
  
28 December 2010|  
---|---  
  
Tan Lee Meng J:

1 These proceedings concerned an application by the petitioner, Hong
Investment Private Limited (“HIPL”), for an order that Mr Roland Mah Kah Eng
(“RM”) and his younger brother, Mr Jason Mah Kah Leong (“JM”), be removed as
the liquidators of Tai Thong Hung Plastics Industries (Pte) Ltd (“the
Company”) and that Mr Chung Siang Joon (“Mr Chung”) be appointed as the
liquidator of the Company. After hearing the parties, I ordered that the
present liquidators be removed and that Mr Chung be appointed as the new
liquidator of the Company. I now set out the reasons for my decision.

2 On 17 October 2003, both RM and JM were appointed as liquidators of the
Company by the court after HIPL successfully petitioned to wind up the Company
on the basis of the latter’s failure to pay a judgment debt to it. More than 7
years have passed since they were appointed the liquidators of the Company.

3 HIPL’s application to have the liquidators removed was prompted by a letter
that its solicitors received from the Official Receiver on 24 August 2010,
part of which was as follows:

2 From the 6 monthly liquidator’s accounts filed to date, it would appear that
the private liquidators have been charging regular expenditure against the
accounts of the Company. _We have queried the liquidators and found their
reply to be unsatisfactory_.

3 Meanwhile, we understand that one of the 2 liquidators, Mr Jason Mah Kah
Leong, had not renewed his licence. Accordingly, you may wish to advise your
Client, the petitioner of the Company to consider applying to court to appoint
another liquidator in place of the said Mr Mah. The new liquidator may then
request for an audit be made on the liquidation accounts and for the
liquidator’s fees to be taxed in Court.

[emphasis added]

4 While the Official Receiver may have had concerns about the liquidators’
accounts, it was not true that JM had not renewed his licence to act as a
liquidator for the purposes of the Companies Act (Cap 50, 2006 Rev Ed) (“the
Act”) as his licence, which was renewed by the Accounting and Corporate
Regulatory Authority on 1 April 2009, was valid until 31 March 2012. When HIPL
informed the Official Receiver about this, the latter replied that its
position remained the same, namely that it would not object to the removal of
the liquidators.

Whether the liquidators should be replaced

5 Section 268(1) of the Act provides that a “liquidator appointed by the Court
may resign or on cause shown be removed by the Court”. The position is summed
up in Woon & Hicks, _The Companies Act of Singapore - An Annotation_ ,
(LexisNexis, Looseleaf Ed, 2004, Issue 2) at para 3105-3125 as follows:

_Removal of liquidators for cause_ See also s 268(1). A liquidator may be
removed if there is some unfitness of the person by reason of his personal
character, or from his connection with other parties or from the circumstances
in which he is involved: _Sir John Moore Gold Mining Co_ (1879) 12 Ch D 325,
331 per Jessel MR. Thus, for instance, if a liquidator refuses to take action
against miscreant directors because he is one of them or because they are his
friends, he may be removed by the court: _Chua Boon Chin v McCormack_ [1979] 2
MLJ 156. If the liquidator is not independent or impartial because of his
connection with persons against whom there might be pending claims, there
would be cause to have him removed: _Re: Charterland Goldfields_ (1909) 26 TLR
132. Similarly, if it appears that the liquidator is in a position where his
duty and interest conflict: _Re International Properties Pty Ltd_ (1977) 2
ACLR 488, 492.

The court has power to remove a liquidator not only because of his personal
unfitness, but also on the ground that it is in the interest of the
liquidation that he should be replaced: _Chua Boon Chin v McCormack_ [1979] 2
MLJ 156 , 158; _Re Adam Eyton Ltd_(1887) 36 Ch D 299, 303-304. In _Procam
(Pte) Ltd v Nangle_ [1990] 3 MLJ 269 Thean J declined to order the removal of
a liquidator on the ground that it was not in the interest of the liquidation
to do so, given the advanced state of the liquidation. Moreover, the errors
made by the liquidator were made in good faith and did not prejudice the
liquidation.

6 In _Re Keypak Homecare Ltd (No 1)_ [1987] BCLC 409, Millet J pointed out
that the words “on cause shown” are very wide and it would be wrong for a
court to limit or define that kind of cause which is required as circumstances
vary widely. He added that it may be appropriate to remove a liquidator even
if nothing can be said about him personally or about his conduct of the
particular liquidation. In _Yap Jeffrey Henry and anor v Ho Mun-Tuke Don_
[2006] 3 SLR(R) 427, Judith Prakash J adopted Millet J’s view and stated at
[22] that the removal of the liquidator “does not necessarily mean that fault
of any sort has been found with the liquidator” and it may well be that “in
the circumstances that have arisen in the case the court considers that there
was cause to remove him”.

7 JM contended that it is better to allow the present liquidators to complete
the final stage of the liquidation. However, according to HIPL, there was
cause for the replacement of the liquidators. It pointed out that based on the
liquidators’ accounts filed with the Official Receiver, the liquidators have
made a number of payments to Vorspann Pte Ltd (“Vorspann”), of which JM is the
managing director and a shareholder. The payments to Vorspann included $6,000
for accounting fees, $660 for secretarial fees, $900 for liquidation account
fees and $1,500 for audit fees. Apart from paying Vorspann, the liquidators
have also paid “secretarial fees” amounting to $6,800 to RM’s own firm.

8 Also rather alarming was the fact that liquidators’ fees amounting to
$45,690 have been paid to RM and JM without complying with s 268(3) of the
Act, which provides as follows:

(3) A liquidator, other than the Official Receiver, shall be entitled to
receive such salary or remuneration by way of percentage or otherwise as is
determined —

(a) by agreement between the liquidator and the committee of inspection, if
any;

(b) failing such agreement, or where there is no committee of inspection by a
resolution passed at a meeting of creditors by a majority of not less than 75%
in value and 50% in number of the creditors present in person or by proxy and
voting at the meeting and whose debts have been admitted for the purpose of
voting, which meeting shall be convened by the liquidator by a notice to each
creditor to which notice shall be attached a statement of all receipts and
expenditure by the liquidator and the amount of remuneration sought by him; or

(c) failing a determination in a manner referred to in paragraph (_a_) or
(_b_), by the Court.

9 There being no committee of inspection and no meeting of creditors to
approve the liquidators’ remuneration, the $45,690 should have been approved
by the Court. No application was made to the court for the requisite approval.

10 After having labelled the $45,690 paid to him and his brother as
“professional fees” paid to liquidators, JM subsequently claimed that the
amount in question was a “retainer” for Liquidators’ Office management fees.
According to him, this sum was paid for the use of his and RM’s offices for
liquidation work and for the cost of employing staff in these two offices for
administrative work. This was a rather belated attempt to circumvent the
provisions of the Act requiring proper approval for a liquidator’s
remuneration.

11 Leaving aside the serious concerns about the liquidators’ accounts for the
moment, what was rather unsatisfactory was the liquidators’ attitude towards
their obligations as liquidators. RM, who did not contest the application, was
in poor health and was not interested in carrying on as the liquidator of the
Company. On 14 September 2010, he wrote a letter to HIPL’s solicitors, Messrs
Tan Lim Partnership, part of which is as follows.

I, myself am over 62 years old and I want to retire gracefully as I am limping
as I underwent cerebral haemorrhage/stroke and operations five years ago. _It
is a miracle that I am still alive_. In fact _I do not wish to act as a
Liquidator anymore though I renewed my license as a Liquidator for this year_.

[emphasis added]

12 Remarkably, in his letter of 14 September 2010, RM also voiced some
dissatisfaction about his co-liquidator. He stated:

Under the law a person who is not a member of [the Institute of Chartered
Public Accountants Singapore] should not be a Court Appointed Liquidator. In
fact I had a discussion with my brother over this issue. _He believes that
though he is not a member of ICPAS he can act also in a Court-Appointed
Liquidation. In fact he has the cheque books_ and both of us are authorised
signatories and one signature is not enough. In fact I insisted on it for good
internal control.

_I have been advised by other lawyers the custody of the clients cheque book
should be mine and not be kept at Jason Mah’s office_.

[emphasis added]

13 After voicing his concerns about his co-liquidator and saying that the
Company’s cheque book should not be in JM’s possession, RM wrote to the
Official Receiver on 20 September 2010 to say that there is no need to replace
the liquidators. Part of his letter is as follows:

I believe that this is a very minute matter and I advise without prejudice
_that you inform Mr Lim Chee San of TanLim Partnership ... that [Mr Jason Mah
and I] have been appointed by the High Court as Court Appointed Liquidators of
[the company]. This will obviate the need to appoint Mr Chung Siang Joon as
the Liquidator of [the company]_.

I believe that my fellow Liquidator, Mr  _Jason Mah Kah Leong is rather
distressed_ on this matter. To myself _all disputes should be peacefully
settled by all parties concerned_. Don’t let anybody advise anybody to
aggravate the matter ... by bringing this matter to court.

[emphasis added]

14 The fact that a liquidator has been appointed by the Court does not mean
that he will not be replaced with another liquidator by the Court if the
situation warrants this. Furthermore, an application to remove a liquidator is
a rather serious matter and the allegations by HIPL do not, as RM claims,
concern a “very minute matter”. RM ought to have known that whether or not his
brother was distressed with an application to remove him as the liquidator is
not a matter that is relevant to a decision by the court to retain or replace
the Company’s liquidators.

15 As for the second liquidator, JM, whose registration as a public accountant
was cancelled with effect from 19 November 2007 by the Oversight Committee
appointed under the Accountants Act (Cap 2, 2005 Rev Ed), his explanation as
to why he had consented to become the liquidator of the Company raised
eyebrows. On 16 September 2010, he e-mailed HIPL’s solicitors as follows:

With reference to our teleconversation this morning, I wish to place on record
that; I have intimated to you that _my co-liquidator (also my elder brother)
had already suffered a stroke ... and that, his state of health, even today,
is at best fragile. That is the reason why I got myself “dragged” into this
rather unpalatable job_. I sincerely hope that you and Mr Chung consider this
“ fact” seriously before proceedings further on this matter. If you have any
doubt over this “fact”, do not hesitate to contact me and I [will] immediately
set up a meeting (in Roland Mah’s office, of course) so that both of you can
assess for yourself, how serious this issue can become.

[emphasis added]

16 Liquidation of a company should be undertaken by a committed liquidator and
it was unfortunate that JM regarded himself as having been “dragged” into the
“rather unpalatable” task of liquidating the Company on account of the
sickness and fragile health of the other liquidator, who happens to be his
brother.

17 The tenor of a second e-mail sent by JM to HIPL’s solicitors on 16
September 2010, may also be viewed with concern. Part of this second e-mail
was as follows:

My apologies, Mr Roland Mah’s cerebral haemorrhage occurred in 2002, not 2003,
as intimated earlier. He has recovered somewhat, but his speech is still
slurred, and needs someone to support him when he walks (he relied also, on a
“4-legged” cane). _Another stroke could result in his death. Having advised
you, such an occurrence will not be on my head_.

[emphasis added]

18 JM should have realised that it was in the Company’s interest that RM be
replaced as a liquidator of the Company in view of the latter’s health. In _Re
Adam Eyton Ltd_ (1887) 36 Ch D 299, Bowen LJ pointed out that for the purpose
of determining whether a liquidator should be removed on the basis of due
cause having been shown, the due cause is measured in relation to the "real,
substantial, honest interests of the liquidation, and to the purpose for which
the liquidator is appointed”. He added that while fair play to the liquidator
himself is not to be left out of sight, the measure of due cause is the
substantial and real interest of the liquidation.

19 After considering all the circumstances, I found that there was cause for
the replacement of both the current liquidators. As such, I ordered that they
be replaced by Mr Chung, who had given his consent to act as the liquidator of
the Company.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 28 Dec 2010 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

