Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Trust Development Pte Ltd _v_ Orientus Country Clubs & Resorts Pte Ltd  
[2010] SGHC 203

Case Number| :| Suit No 242 of 2009  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 20 July 2010  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Choo Han Teck J  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Felicia Ng (ComLaw LLC) for the plaintiff; Loy Wee Sun
(Loy & Company) for the first defendant  
Parties| :|  Trust Development Pte Ltd — Orientus Country Clubs & Resorts Pte
Ltd  
  
20 July 2010|  
---|---  
  
Choo Han Teck J:

1 The main issue in this action was whether the defendant, by its letter of 11
February 2009 to the plaintiff, repudiated its contracts with the plaintiff. I
dismissed the plaintiff’s claim and allowed the defendant’s counter-claim for
wrongful termination.

2 The plaintiff is Trust Development Pte Ltd (“Trust”). Lau Wee Leng (“Lau”)
and Voon Wui Leong (“Voon”) are directors of Trust. The defendant is Orientus
Country Club & Resorts Pte Ltd (“Orientus”), who was the tenant of No 1021
Mornington Crescent Seletar East Camp where a recreational clubhouse and
resort was erected. The clubhouse and resort comprised of pre-existing
overnight resort room facilities (the “Old Resort Rooms”) and 25 overnight
resort room facilities constructed by Orientus around the second half of 2007
(the “New Resort Rooms”). Jay Wong (“Wong”) is the Chairman of Orientus. On 29
June 2007, the parties agreed that Trust would pay Orientus $360,000 (of which
Trust has paid $330,000) for the exclusive rights to manage the New Resort
Rooms from 1 August 2007 to 30 June 2011. In addition, Trust agreed to pay
Orientus $14,000 monthly for room services such as breakfast, room cleaning,
laundry services, as well as additional utility charges. On 18 April 2008, the
monthly payment was varied by a separate agreement to $16,000 with effect from
1 April 2008. The $16,000 covered both room services and utility charges. The
two agreements will be collectively referred to as “the management
agreements”.

3 On 21 April 2008, the parties agreed that in consideration of Trust paying
to Orientus $30,000, Orientus agreed to reserve not less than 20 Old Resort
Rooms per night for Trust’s exclusive use (the “first booking agreement”).
Pursuant to this agreement, Trust would pay $60 for the use of each old Resort
Room per night. The $60 charge included the provision of breakfast for two
persons and was to be deducted from the $30,000 paid. On 12 August 2008, the
parties further agreed that in consideration of Trust paying to Orientus
$12,000, Orientus agreed to reserve not less than 20 Old Resort Rooms per
night for Trust’s exclusive use (the “second booking agreement”). Pursuant to
the agreement, Trust would pay $60 (except for bookings made for the period 3
to 9 September 2008) for the use of each Resort Room per night. Unlike the
first booking agreement, the $60 charge here did not cover breakfast. The $60
charges were to be deducted from the $12,000 upon full utilization of the
$30,000 previously paid under the first booking agreement. In the second
booking agreement, Trust also agreed to extend a loan of $30,000 to Orientus
(“the friendly loan”).

4 Around 6 January 2009, Trust paid a sum of $5,500 to Orientus. Around 7
January 2009, Repos Holiday, a subsidiary of Trust, issued a cheque for $5,500
to Orientus. Around 15 January 2009, Repos Holiday issued another cheque for
$5,500 to Orientus. On 5 February 2009, there was a payment of $2,732 from
Trust to Orientus. Trust issued a payment voucher to Orientus, and this was
acknowledged by Orientus. The payment voucher stated:

**Description** |  **Amount**  
---|---  
|  5,500  
Less: |  Advance |  500  
|  Breakfast paid for Oct ’07 (paid on 5/12/08 by Voon) |  288  
|  Our Invoice 09-005 |  1,980  
**Cheque** |  2,732  
  
  

5 On 11 February 2009, Orientus wrote a letter to Trust stating:

**_Re: MEMORANDUM OF AGREEMENT_**

a)Please take note as of 01/01/2009 Orientus Country Clubs & Resorts Pte Ltd
will provide utilities supply to your rooms only.

b)We will not be managing your rooms or providing any services to your guests
staying in your rooms.

c)All previous contracts between Orientus Country Clubs & Resorts Pte Ltd and
Trust Development Pte Ltd will be void with effect from 01/01/2009.

d)Our utility service to Trust Development Pte Ltd is $5,000.00 per month.

…

On 19 February 2009, Trust regarded this as a repudiation of contract and
wrote to Orientus informing them of Trust’s acceptance of Orientus’ purported
repudiation of the management and booking agreements. Following this, Trust
brought this action against Orientus for wrongful repudiation of the
management and booking agreements. Orientus denied the claim and counter-
claimed for damages caused by Trust’s breach of contract.

6 Orientus claimed that its letter dated 11 February 2009 was intended to
reflect two oral agreements made by the parties to vary the management
agreements, and not to repudiate the contracts. Orientus alleged that the
first oral agreement was made sometime in December 2008, when Voon, Lau and
Wong had agreed on behalf of the parties to reduce the monthly payment payable
to Orientus under the management agreements to $5,500 with effect from 1
January 2009. Under this new agreement, the monthly payment would cover the
provision of utilities to the New Resort Rooms and usage of the swimming pool
but not room services. Trust therefore paid Orientus $5,500 on three occasions
(around 6, 7 and 15 January 2009), representing two months deposit and 1 month
advance for January 2009. Wong claimed that he hand-delivered an undated
letter to Voon to confirm this arrangement (Trust however, denied receipt of
this letter). As for the second oral agreement, Orientus alleged that this was
made around end January 2009 when Voon requested that the monthly payment be
reduced to $5,000. Therefore, around 5 February 2009, Trust paid Orientus
$2,732 i.e. $5,000 for February 2009 less breakfast charges (which Trust had
previously paid for on Orientus’ behalf in October 2008) and other charges.

7 Trust agreed that there was an oral agreement to reduce the monthly payment
under the management agreements from $16,000 to $5,500, but claimed that this
was a temporary agreement made pursuant to Orientus’ request and not intended
to vary the management agreements permanently. As part of this temporary
arrangement, Trust paid $5,500 Orientus around 6 January 2009. Trust denied
the subsequent two payments of $5,500 (around 7 and 15 January 2009) were
intended to be two months’ deposit. Instead, it claimed that the two payments
were a personal loan from Lau to Orientus, and Lau and Orientus agreed that
Orientus would repay the loan by monthly instalments of $500, which would be
subtracted directly from the $5,500 monthly payment made by Trust, and paid
directly to Lau. Trust also denied that there was a second oral agreement.
According to Trust, the February payment comprised of $5,500 (monthly fee),
less $500 (repayment of the loan) and less breakfast and other charges. Hence,
there was no intention to vary the management or booking agreements, and
therefore, by the 11 February 2009 letter, Orientus repudiated the contracts
wrongfully.

8 I found that in the 11 February 2009 letter, Orientus was referring to the
management and not booking agreements. Orientus stated that it would “not be
managing your rooms or providing any services to [Trust’s] guests staying in
your rooms.” By “your rooms”, I was of the opinion that Orientus was referring
to the New, and not Old Resort Rooms. This was because, firstly, Trust had
‘sole and exclusive right to manage’ and ‘quiet and uninterrupted use’ of the
New Resort Rooms but had to book the Old Resort Rooms. Thus, while it was
logical to view the New Resort Rooms as Trust’s rooms, the same cannot be said
of the Old Resort Rooms. Secondly, as argued by Orientus, the provision for
Trust to pay $5,000 for utilities was illogical in the context of the Old
Resort Rooms since payment was made on a per room basis. Thirdly, although
Trust argued that Orientus could not be referring to the New Resort Rooms in
clause (b) of the letter because Orientus never ‘managed’ the rooms to begin
with (as Trust had the sole and exclusive right to manage those rooms), in my
view, clause (b) was intended to clarify that Orientus would not be providing
any services for the rooms.

9 I also found that there was a permanent agreement to vary the monthly
payment from $16,000 to $5,500. In doing so, I accepted Wong’s evidence that
there was an undated letter from Orientus to Trust reflecting this
arrangement. I am of the view that Wong was the more credible witness compared
to Trust’s witnesses. Although Lau denied receiving this letter, I noted that
this was not the first undated letter that Trust has received and that
Orientus also did not require Trust to acknowledge receipt of previous
letters.

10 I also accepted Orientus’ evidence that the two payments around 7 and 15
January were not a personal loan from Lau, but two months deposit made by
Trust to Orientus. Trust relied on the fact that whereas the 6 January payment
which was paid out of Trust’s account, the 7 and 15 January payments were paid
out of Repos Holiday’s bank account as evidence that the payment was not made
by Trust, but a personal loan from Lau. However, firstly, I noted that that
Repos Holidays is owned entirely by Trust Development, and Voon and Lau were
the only two directors of the company. When asked by counsel for Orientus why
the cheques were issued by Repos, Lau changed his story and said that it was a
loan by Repos which he personally guaranteed, and that if it was a personal
loan from him, he would use his own personal cheque. This suggested that he
knew the difference between being a lender and a guarantor, and yet despite
this, he started off asserting that the $11,000 was a personal loan from him
to Orientus. Secondly, the two payments were each for $5,500, which
coincidentally, was the monthly payment amount as agreed by the parties.
Thirdly, there was no record of the loan or guarantor arrangement (unlike the
friendly loan). That said however, I was also mindful that there was also no
evidence that the two payments were made as a deposit, nor an explanation why
such a deposit was required. Fourthly, Orientus issued an official receipt
dated 15 January 2009 stating that $5,500 had been received from Trust
Development, which supports Orientus’ claim that the 15 January payment was
made from Trust to Orientus, and not a loan from Lau. Although Lau claimed
that he had not seen this receipt before, I accepted Orientus’ evidence and
noted that Orientus did not require Trust to acknowledge previous receipts
which it sent.

11 The difficulty in this case lay with the lack of conclusive documentation,
either of the alleged loan agreement, the deposit, or the variation in
contract terms. In light of my earlier findings, I found Orientus’ version of
events more credible and accepted that there was a subsequent agreement to
lower the monthly payment from $5,500 to $5,000. A difficulty to Orientus’
claim was the existence of the payment voucher from Trust to Orientus dated 5
February 2009 which stated that Trust paid $5,500 to Orientus, less $500 for
an “advance” and less other charges. Orientus argued that very little weight
should be placed on the payment voucher because it was normal for the
recipient of a cheque to check only that the amount paid to him was correct,
and he would not be concerned about the description on the payment voucher.
Trust argued that the payment voucher was evidence of the loan arrangement
between Lau and Orientus, and therefore, there was no subsequent agreement to
lower the monthly payment to $5,000. Although I found it odd that somebody
would acknowledge receipt of payment without checking the contents of the
payment slip, for the reasons already stated above, I also found Trust’s
explanation _ie_ that there was a loan arrangement between Lau and Orientus
doubtful. I noted that there was no evidence of the $500 being paid to Repos
as repayment of the alleged loan. Furthermore, I was of the opinion that the
word “advance”, did not unequivocally suggest a loan arrangement because it
could also suggest that Orientus was entitled to the money but paid ahead of
the due date.

12 In coming to my decision, I found it doubtful that Orientus would write the
11 February 2009 letter if there was indeed only a temporary arrangement to
vary the monthly payment. Although Voon stated that he asked Orientus how long
the temporary arrangement would last, it was not part of his evidence that
Trust was pushing Orientus to resume the original agreement, neither was it
part of Trust’s version of events that the parties agreed to reduce the
monthly payment to $5,000 temporarily. In the circumstances, Orientus could
have continued with the $5,500 monthly payment arrangement indefinitely, and
it was not in its interest to voluntarily reduce the monthly payment from
$5,500 to $5,000, without obtaining any benefit. Thus, I did not believe that
Orientus would unilaterally breach the contract through the 11 February 2009
letter. I therefore dismissed Trust’s claim and found that Orientus did not,
by the letter dated 11 February 2009, intend to repudiate the earlier
contracts. Accordingly, I allowed Orientus’ counter-claim. Costs to be
adjourned for hearing before me.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 20 Jul 2010 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

