Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  ZF _v_ Comptroller of Income Tax  
[2010] SGCA 48

Case Number| :| Civil Appeal No 12 of 2010  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 15 December 2010  
Tribunal/Court| :| Court of Appeal  
Coram| :|  Chan Sek Keong CJ; Andrew Phang Boon Leong JA; V K Rajah JA  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Leung Yew Kwong and Tan Shao Tong (WongPartnership LLP)
for the appellant; Irving Aw and Quek Hui Ling (Inland Revenue Authority of
Singapore) for the respondent.  
Parties| :|  ZF — Comptroller of Income Tax  
  
[LawNet Editorial Note: The decision from which this appeal arose is reported
at [2010] 2 SLR 350.]

15 December 2010| Judgment reserved.  
---|---  
  
Andrew Phang Boon Leong JA (delivering the judgment of the court):

Introduction

1 This is an appeal against the decision of the judge (“the Judge”) in _ZF v
Comptroller of Income Tax_ [2010] 2 SLR 350 (“ _ZF (HC)_ ”) holding that
certain prefabricated dormitories (“the dormitories”), which were both
portable and demountable and intended to be used as temporary accommodation,
were not “plant” within the meaning of ss 19 and 19A of the Income Tax Act
(Cap 134, 2008 Rev Ed) (“the ITA”). Although the ITA is one of the most
detailed pieces of legislation in the Singapore statute book, the central
concept in the present appeal, the concept of “plant”, is surprisingly not
defined in the ITA. Instead, that definition has been elaborated upon in case
law. The flexibility that such an approach affords is laudable in light of the
myriad forms that “plant” might take. However, the flexibility afforded by
such an approach does not come without its difficulties, the chief of which
being that the development of case law has, in certain respects, led to the
need for a little trimming and pruning as there has been a little bit of
overgrowth that has generated, for a time at least, some ambiguity.

2 It is worth highlighting that it has often been said, and not without
justification, that income tax law is intensely factual in its application.
This stems from the very nature of this particular sphere of the law itself.
The present appeal is no exception. With that in mind, let us now turn first
to a brief description of the factual background of this case.

The factual background

3 The Appellant and taxpayer in this appeal is [ZF] (“the Appellant”). It was
awarded a contract to build and operate workers’ dormitories on a site at
[XXX] Road (“the Site”), an area located within an industrial estate. The Site
was leased from the Building and Construction Authority (“BCA”) by a company
called [C] Pte Ltd. [C] Pte Ltd had awarded a contract to design, build and
operate the workers’ dormitories to a company named [Z] Pte Ltd in June 2001\.
[Z] Pte Ltd did not build the dormitories itself as it wanted to put in place
a professionally competent team to operate and manage the dormitories. To this
end, the Appellant was incorporated as a joint venture between [Z] Pte Ltd and
another company, [F] Pte Ltd. [Z] Pte Ltd then awarded the Appellant the
contract to build and operate the dormitories.

4 The tenancy agreement between BCA and [C] Pte Ltd stipulated that the lease
for the Site was for a term of three years beginning 1 December 2001 and that
BCA could, at its absolute discretion, grant a fresh tenancy for a another
three years, plus a further term of three years subject to certain terms and
conditions. Crucially, the tenancy agreement also provided that BCA could
require the Site to be vacated within 90 days of any notice given by it in the
event that the Site was requisitioned for industrial or other use.

5 Because of the relatively short term of the lease and the 90 days’ notice
period to vacate the site, the Appellant found it necessary to construct
dormitories that were not permanent structures and which could be dismantled
at short notice and minimum cost. Thus, the dormitories were constructed from
pre-fabricated structures which were portable and demountable. These portable
structures were modular in nature and could be rearranged to fit different
configurations and sizes depending on requirements. This also meant that the
structures could be dismantled, stored away and re-used on another site.

6 The dormitories comprised six blocks of three-storey workers’ quarters and a
two-storey administration block. Each block was mounted on a concrete
foundation and reinforced by steel columns. The “skeleton” of each dormitory
was made of steel members assembled together with bolts and nuts, after which
panels were inserted between the steel members to form walls. The floor was
made of timber and a metal roof was bolted onto each dormitory.

7 The total cost of installing the dormitories was $3,755,455. From this
amount, the Appellant deducted the sum of $1,100,669 as non-qualifying
expenditure. Counsel for the Appellant, Mr Leung Yew Kwong (“Mr Leung”),
explained at the hearing before the Income Tax Board of Review (“the Board”)
that this sum of $1,100,669 related to expenditure on permanent structures
which the Appellant accepted did not qualify for capital allowances. He cited
examples such as the foundational works for the dormitories as well as a brick
building which had been used as a canteen for the workers. A further $37,198
was also deducted by the Appellant as revenue expenditure. This left a balance
of $2,617,588 which constituted capital expenditure incurred on the movable
parts of the dormitories. The Appellant made a claim for capital allowances
for the Year of Assessment 2004 in respect of this sum on the basis that the
dormitories constituted “plant” within the meaning of ss 19 and 19A of the
ITA. The claim was disallowed by the Comptroller of Income Tax (“the
Respondent”) and the Appellant appealed to the Board.

The Board’s decision

8 The Board dismissed the Appellant’s appeal. In its grounds of decision (see
_ZF v Comptroller of Income Tax_ [2008] SGITBR 2 (“ _ZF (ITBR)_ ”)), the Board
reviewed the authorities and held (at [32]) that a building or structure may
constitute “plant” where it was more appropriate to describe it as an
apparatus for carrying on the business, rather than the place in which the
business was conducted. Applying the law to the facts, the Board found that
the Appellant’s business was the provision of accommodation to workers. The
fact that the dormitories happened to be portable or demountable was of no
consequence because the Appellant was not required, for the purposes of its
trade, to use portable or demountable structures to construct the dormitories.
Accordingly, the Board concluded (at [47]) that the dormitories were not
“plant” because they remained as the buildings or premises used for the
conduct of the Appellant’s trade or business.

The Judge’s decision

9 The Appellant’s appeal from the Board to the High Court was similarly
dismissed. In his Judgment, the Judge held (see _ZF (HC)_ at [11]) that for a
particular asset to constitute “plant”, it had to pass two tests: (1) the
“functional” or “business use” test; and (2) the “premises” test. The
“functional” test entailed looking at the function of the particular asset in
the context of the taxpayer’s business (see _ZF (HC)_ at [13]). Under the
“premises” test, an asset would not qualify as “plant” if it functioned as
premises (see _ZF (HC)_ at [31]). On the facts, the Judge concluded that the
dormitories passed the “functional” test but failed the “premises” test
because their only function was to provide accommodation, this being the
typical function of premises (see _ZF (HC)_ at [35]–[37]).

10 The Appellant had argued below that its business was not just the mere
provision of accommodation but, viewed in the entire context of its business
cycle, involved the dismantling and relocation of the dormitories to other
sites. As such, it was argued that the portability and demountability of the
dormitories was an additional function, and that, accordingly, the dormitories
were not just used to provide accommodation. This argument was rejected by the
Judge. Although he accepted that it was commercially necessary for the
Appellant to construct portable and demountable dormitories given the nature
of the lease over the Site, he held (at [37]) that the portability and
demountability of the dormitories were their _properties_ and not additional
_functions_ as such.

The appeal

The Appellant’s case

11 The Appellant’s arguments on appeal are essentially the same as those
canvassed in the High Court. Mr Leung submitted that the Judge had erred in
taking a snap-shot view of the Appellant’s overall business, which was not
just the provision of dormitories for the accommodation of workers, but also
involved their dismantling and re-installation at future sites. Viewed in this
context, Mr Leung argued that the dormitories were, in principle, no different
from the scaffolding, portable toilets or pre-fabricated site offices used by
a contractor at construction sites, or tents put up by a circus operator. At
the end of their use, these items were dismantled to be re-used elsewhere and
were very much the tools of the taxpayer’s trade. Similarly, the dormitories
in the present case did not function solely as premises since their
portability and demountability were additional functions crucial to the
nomadic nature of the Appellant’s business.

The Respondent’s case

12 Counsel for the Respondent, Mr Irving Aw (“Mr Aw”), submitted, on the other
hand, that the portable dormitories were clearly being used as premises,
regardless of where they might be sited. Mr Aw pointed out that the cases in
which buildings or structures were held to be “plant” were rare and that the
buildings or structures in such cases functioned mainly as apparatus or
equipment instead of as premises. In the present case, Mr Aw argued that the
portability and demountability of the dormitories made them purpose-built
buildings instead of “plant”. Insofar as the analogies drawn by Mr Leung were
concerned, Mr Aw submitted that scaffoldings and portable toilets were not
buildings and would not be considered premises, whereas site offices and
circus tents also functioned as premises and would not qualify as “plant”.

13 Mr Aw also submitted, in the alternative, that even if this court was not
minded to agree with the Board and the Judge, the question of whether the
dormitories constituted “plant” was one of fact and degree. As the Board and
the Judge had neither misapplied the law nor arrived at a conclusion which was
clearly unreasonable, there was no basis for an appellate court to interfere
with the decisions arrived at below.

The applicable legal principles

Policy background and the legislative distinction between “plant” and
“buildings” or “structures”

14 The relevant statutory provisions in this appeal are ss 19 and 19A of the
ITA, which provide for initial and annual allowances (s 19) or accelerated
allowances (s 19A) in respect of capital expenditure incurred by a person
carrying on a trade, profession or business “on the provision of machinery or
plant for the purposes of that trade, profession or business”.

15 Before we address these provisions in detail, it would be useful to first
briefly examine the _policy_ governing this area of tax law.

16 With regard to income tax generally, Sir Wilfred Greene MR observed, in the
English Court of Appeal decision of _Commissioners of Inland Revenue v British
Salmson Aero Engines, Limited_ [1938] 2 KB 482, as follows (at 498):

Income tax, as has been said over and over again, is a tax on income. It does
not tax capital. As the corollary to that, in ascertaining profits, payments
of a capital nature may not be deducted. It is income all the time which has
to be considered under the Income Tax Acts ...

The above passage was also referred to in the Singapore High Court decision of
_ABD Pte Ltd v Comptroller of Income Tax_ [2010] 3 SLR 609 (“ _ABD Pte Ltd_
”), where it was clearly stated (at [40]) that any expenditure of a capital
nature may not be deducted from a taxpayer’s income unless such deduction is
expressly provided for in the ITA.

17 Although capital expenditure is generally not deductible for the purposes
of income tax, Parliament has acknowledged that the depreciation of capital
assets used in a trade, profession or business represents a real business cost
to taxpayers. Hence, _in addition to_ allowable deductions, Part VI of the ITA
also grants allowances for certain types of capital expenditures made for the
purposes of a taxpayer’s business. The rationale behind this scheme of capital
allowances was elaborated upon by Yong Pung How CJ, in the decision of this
court in _Comptroller of Income Tax v GE Pacific Pte Ltd_ [1994] 2 SLR(R) 948,
as follows (at [27]):

... the cost of fixed assets like plant and machinery cannot be considered
expenditure and so deducted from taxable income. However, since such assets
depreciate, _the Act recognises this inherent and periodic “loss” suffered by
those who use machinery or plant in the course of their business and grants
allowances to reflect this additional cost of producing the income_. The
rationale for capital allowances is the depreciation of fixed assets.
Obviously, it is the taxpayer who owns and uses the plant or machinery that
suffers this “loss” of depreciation and it is to him that the Act grants the
allowance. [emphasis added]

18 Currently, Part VI of the ITA provides for capital allowances in respect of
three broad categories of capital assets, as follows:

(a) Industrial buildings and structures (ss 16–18 ITA);

(b) Plant and machinery (ss 19, 19A, and 20–22 ITA); and

(c) Certain intangible assets (ss 19B, 19C and 19D ITA).

Of particular relevance to the present appeal is the fact that the ITA draws a
distinction between plant and machinery, on the one hand, and buildings and
structures, on the other. This distinction can be traced back to the time when
capital allowances first originated in 1878. At that particular point in time,
s 12 of the UK Customs and Inland Revenue Act 1878 (c 15) provided for
deductions from chargeable income in respect of “wear and tear ... of any
machinery or plant used for the purposes of the concern”. No allowances for
buildings or structures were given then and, even for plant and machinery,
deductions could only be claimed in respect of physical deterioration and not
depreciation in value _per se_.

19 This scheme of wear and tear allowances was subsequently extended to mills,
factories and similar premises by the UK Income Tax Act 1918 (c 40), under
which a taxpayer was able to deduct a proportion of the annual value of the
mill, factory or other premise in computing his taxable income, on the basis
that the vibrations of the machinery housed therein caused wear and tear to
the building. The scheme was substantially revamped by the UK Income Tax Act
1945 (c 32) (“the 1945 UK Act”) which replaced the previous system of wear and
tear allowances with a new system of initial and writing-down allowances
coupled with balancing allowances and charges. Under the new system, capital
allowances were granted in respect of the actual decrease in an asset’s value
which might not necessarily be due to physical deterioration. Capital
allowances for mills and factories were also extended to encompass industrial
buildings in general.

20 The new system of capital allowances found in the 1945 UK Act was
eventually incorporated into Singapore’s tax legislation as ss 16–22 of the
Income Tax Ordinance (No 39 of 1947) (“the 1947 Ordinance”). The draftsman of
these provisions, Mr R B Heasman, explained in his report (see _Income Tax: A
Report to Their Excellencies the Governors of the Malayan Union and Singapore,
with Recommendations, including a Draft Bill and Proposals for Administration
and Staffing_ (Kuala Lumpur, Malayan Union Government Press, 1947)) (“the
Heasman Report”), as follows (at p 18):

The purpose of the United Kingdom legislation [_i.e_. the 1945 UK Act] was to
provide for the allowance, over a period of years, of capital expended on
buildings, plant and machinery, and certain other types of asset, in the
process of modernisation and re-equipment during the post-war period. I
anticipate that the deductions authorised by Clauses 13 to 19 inclusive of the
draft Bill [_ie_ , ss 16–22 of the 1947 Ordinance] will be found to be of
considerable assistance in the regeneration and development of Malayan trade
and industry.

21 It is thus clear that the term “plant” does _not_ encompass _buildings or
structures_. Allowances for plant and machinery were initially introduced to
recognise their physical deterioration as a cost of producing income. It was
only after World War II, when a general scheme of capital allowances was
introduced to encourage industrialisation, that buildings and structures were
included as a _separate_ category. Even then, it was only industrial buildings
and structures which qualified for capital allowances. This is why, even
today, building allowances are not given for dwelling-houses, shops and
offices (see s 18(6) ITA) even though such buildings are subject to
depreciation like any other asset. _Further_ , the allowances accorded by the
ITA to _plant and machinery_ are _much more generous_ compared to the
allowances given to industrial buildings and structures, since assets
belonging to the _latter_ category _naturally depreciate at a much slower
rate_. _These are points of the first importance because this basic
distinction between plant on the one hand and buildings or structures on the
other also constitutes, in point of fact, the crucial distinction drawn in the
case law itself as the courts sought to define what constitutes “plant”_.
Indeed, this would be an appropriate point at which to turn to the definition
of “plant” itself.

The definition of “plant”

Introduction

22 What, then, constitutes “plant”? Although the ITA does not define the term,
the traditional starting-point is the following statement of principle by
Lindley LJ in the English Court of Appeal decision of _Yarmouth v France_
(1887) 19 QBD 647 (“ _Yarmouth_ ”) (at 658):

There is no definition of plant in the Act: but, in its ordinary sense, it
includes whatever _apparatus_ is _used_ by a business man _for carrying on his
business_ , not his stock-in-trade which he buys or makes for sale; but all
the goods and chattels, fixed or moveable, live or dead, which he keeps _for
permanent employment in_ his business. [emphasis added]

Although _Yarmouth_ concerned the definition of “plant” under the UK
Employers’ Liability Act 1880 (c 42), Lindley LJ’s definition has consistently
been adopted in subsequent income tax cases. Indeed, in the English Court of
Appeal decision of _Cole Bros Ltd v Phillips (H M Inspector of Taxes)_ (1981)
55 TC 188 (“ _Cole Bros_ ”), Oliver LJ observed (at 210) that the passage just
quoted “is the bedrock, and all subsequent cases may be regarded as glosses
imposed on Lindley L.J.’s central proposition”.

23 Lindley LJ’s definition of “plant” in _Yarmouth_ is admittedly a wide one,
and case law has demonstrated that the term is capable of encompassing a wide
variety of assets such as railway locomotives and carriages (_Caledonian
Railway Co v Banks_ (1880) 1 TC 487), knives and lasts used in the manufacture
of shoes (_Hinton (Inspector of Taxes) v Maden and Ireland Ltd_ [1959] 1 WLR
875), a barrister’s law books (_Munby v Furlong (Inspector of Taxes)_ [1977] 1
Ch 359), and decorative screens (_Leeds Permanent Building Society v Procter
(H M Inspector of Taxes)_ [1982] 3 All ER 925). Bearing in mind the general
policy behind capital allowances for “plant” and machinery, as well as the
distinctions the ITA draws with respect to buildings, structures and
intangible assets (as set out above at [18]–[21]), we are of the view that any
tangible asset (other than a building or structure, or an asset forming part
of a building or structure) used permanently for the purposes of a taxpayer’s
trade, profession or business can be considered “apparatus” and would thus
qualify as “plant”.

24 It comes as no surprise then that the issue most often litigated upon in
this branch of the law is whether a particular asset falls on the “plant” or
“buildings” side of the boundary. The present appeal is no exception. As is
customary with income tax law generally, whilst the legal principles are
relatively easy to state, the real difficulty lies in their application.
Looked at in this light, the following observation by Megarry J in the English
High Court decision of _Cooke (Inspector of Taxes) v Beach Station Caravans
Ltd_ [1974] 1 WLR 1398 (“ _Cooke_ ”) (at 1402) is apposite:

To some extent the matter must be one of impression, though it is important
that the impression should not be untutored.

So, also, is the learned judge’s further (and astute) observation in the
context of that case but which, in our view, would be of general application
to both this as well as other cases, as follows (see _ibid_):

Many interesting difficulties emerged during the argument which I forbear to
pursue: for my duty is merely to decide this case, and not to attempt to
define and rationalise the whole of this difficult branch of the law. Doing
the best I can, with the aid of the authorities that I have mentioned and the
other authorities that have been put before me, my conclusions are as follows.

25 This court would also do well to heed the following observations by Oliver
LJ in _Cole Bros_ where the learned judge stated thus (at 209):

Whatever one might think about the ordinary meaning of the word “plant” in the
English language, it is now beyond doubt that it is used in the relevant
section in an artificial and largely judge-made sense. The difficulty lies in
discerning what is the principle which distinguishes one item of equipment
from another – a task which almost of necessity involves reviewing yet again
an extensive line of authorities which have already been reviewed in previous
cases but without, so far as I at any rate can see, any very clear
distillation of principle.

And as Oliver LJ later observed (at 211):

It cannot, however, be pretended that all the authorities are all easy to
reconcile.

26 In a similar vein, Stephenson LJ also observed (at 220) as follows
(although, as we noted at [18]–[21], the distinction drawn between “plant” and
buildings is still very much a part of the landscape of tax law):

The philosopher-statesman, Balfour, is reported to have said it was
unnecessary to define a great power because, like an elephant, you recognised
it when you met it. Unhappily plant in taxing and other statutes is no
elephant (though I suppose an elephant might be plant). It has lost what
resemblance to machinery it may once have had and any contrast with buildings
or structures is now misleading, however strong the temptation to go back to
those simple similarities and differences which the word might have suggested
before repeated difficulties of application drove judges to gloss over them.

With these observations in mind, we now turn to the authorities to see how
various courts have attempted to determine whether a particular asset falls to
be classified as a “plant” or as a building.

Preliminary observations on terminology

27 A few preliminary observations on the use of _terminology_ may be apposite.
Although the substantive distinction is (as we have seen) between “plant” on
the one hand and buildings on the other, the case law has tended to utilise
the terms “setting” and “premises” when referring to buildings. This
difference in terminology is very important to note because the terms
“setting” and “premises” have been used by various courts in _two different
senses_.

28 In the _first_ sense, the court, in referring to these terms, had _actually
intended_ to refer to a building and in this sense, the basic distinction
between “plant” and buildings (as referred to above) remains unchanged.

29 The _second_ sense in which the terms “setting” and “premises” have been
used centres on their ordinary (and _broader as well as more general_) meaning
in the English language and, in this particular regard, one must be wary of
using these terms interchangeably with the term “buildings”. This is because,
while the terms “setting” and “premises” are useful in describing what the
typical characteristics of a building are, it _does not follow_ that assets
which provide the setting or premises of a business are _necessarily_
buildings. It must be remembered that, under the scheme of the ITA, the only
distinction is between “plant” and buildings and all other terms are merely
descriptions to guide the court in its inquiry. Unfortunately, the various
cases dealing with this particular issue have not been precise in the use of
terminology and this has, as we will demonstrate below, resulted in not
inconsiderable ambiguity. In order to avoid any further confusion, we will
(for the present) refer to buildings solely as buildings, whereas the terms
“setting” and “premises” will be used in their more general, ordinary English
sense (_ie_ , they might _or might not_ refer to buildings as such).

30 We also note that the Judge referred to various tests, namely, the
“business use” and “functional” tests (which he equated as being one and the
same) as well as the “premises” test. With respect, there is, in our view,
just one basic and overarching test – whether the item concerned is utilised
for the purposes of the trade or business as “plant” or as a building. To the
extent that the item will _always_ need to satisfy the _threshold requirement_
that it be used for the purposes of the trade or business, the term “business
use” is, in our view, _too broad_. Indeed, this term would _also_ cover the
situation where the item concerned, _although a building_ , could also satisfy
this particular criterion, simply because that building would house the trade
or business of the taxpayer (and, in that sense, is used for the purposes of
the trade or business). _However_ , it would _not_ follow that that building
thereby constitutes “plant”. On the _contrary_ , it would be the _opposite_ of
“plant” since it is, _ex hypothesi_ , _a building_.

31 We are also of the view that the term “functional” is similarly unhelpful
because whether or not a particular item “functions” as “plant” or as a
building is _precisely the question that needs to be answered_. Put simply the
term “functional” is, at best, neutral and, at worst, circular in nature.
Similarly, as we have pointed out above, the term “premises” is not
interchangeable with “buildings” and, insofar as the nomenclature suggests
otherwise, it is misconceived. In the circumstances, we are of the view that
the various terminology utilised in the court below is, with the greatest of
respect, unhelpful.

Ambiguity introduced

32 A classic illustration of the ambiguity referred to earlier may be found in
the decision of _Commissioner of Inland Revenue v Barclay, Curle & Co Ltd_
[1969] 1 WLR 675 (“ _Barclay Curle_ ”) where the House of Lords held that _a
dry dock simultaneously_ constituted a building or structure (in which the
taxpayer’s business of inspection and ship repair, of the bottoms and sides of
ships, was conducted) _as well as_ “plant” (insofar as it _also_ performed the
function of a hydraulic lift for raising the ships and holding them in
position). The items at issue in that case comprised the cost of the work of
excavation of earth and rock to form _a rectangular basin_ for the dry dock as
well as the cost of concrete which was used to line that basin. At first
blush, it would appear that these items should have constituted _at least part
of_ a _building or structure_ and, hence, should _not_ have constituted
_“plant”_. Indeed, it is significant, in this regard, to note that the House
held in favour of the taxpayer by a _bare majority of 3 to 2_.

33 The majority was of the view that these items had to be viewed in a
_holistic_ manner – together with the _other_ parts of the dock which
constituted “plant”. In particular, Lord Reid observed, as follows (at 679):

As the commissioners observed, buildings or structure and machinery and plant
are not mutually exclusive... Undoubtedly this concrete dry dock is a
structure but is it also plant? The only reason why a structure should also be
plant which has been suggested or which has occurred to me is that it fulfils
the function of plant in the trader’s operations. And, if that is so, no test
has been suggested to distinguish one structure which fulfils such a function
from another. I do not say that every structure which fulfils the function of
plant must be regarded as plant, but I think that one would have to find some
good reason for excluding such a structure. And I do not think that mere size
is sufficient.

Here it is apparent that there are two stages in the respondents’ operations.
First the ship must be isolated from the water and then the inspection and
necessary repairs must be carried out. If one looks only at the second stage
it would not be difficult to say that the dry dock is merely the setting in
which it takes place. But I think that the first stage is equally important,
and it is obvious that it requires massive and complicated equipment. ... It
seems to me that every part of this dry dock plays an essential part in
getting large vessels into a position where work on the outside of the hull
can begin, and that it is wrong to regard either the concrete or any other
part of the dock as a mere setting or part of the premises in which this
operation takes place. The whole dock is, I think, the means by which, or
plant with which, the operation is performed.

34 Lord Guest, who concurred with the majority, added (at 685–686):

In order to decide whether a particular subject is an "apparatus" it seems
obvious that an inquiry has to be made as to what operation it performs. The
functional test is, therefore, essential at any rate as a preliminary. The
function which the dry dock performs is that of a hydraulic lift taking ships
from the water onto dry land, raising them and holding them in such a position
that inspection and repairs can conveniently be effected to their bottoms and
sides. It is unrealistic, in my view, to consider the concrete work in
isolation from the rest of the dry dock. It is the level of the bottom of the
basin in conjunction with the river level which enables the function of dry
docking to be performed by the use of dock gates, valves and pumps. To effect
this purpose excavation and concrete work were necessary.

It is said that the dry dock is similar to premises like a factory building in
which the trade is carried on. But this comparison is not, in my view,
accurate. The factory is by itself a building or structure in which trade can
be carried on. But the excavation and concrete work is useless for any trade
purpose unless used in conjunction with the rest of the equipment. As Pearson
LJ (as he then was) said, the subject is part of the plant with which the
business is carried on as distinct from the premises in which the business is
carried on.

35 Under the majority’s approach, an asset which would normally be regarded as
a building or structure could also be classified as “plant” if it performed
some independent operation in the taxpayer’s business beyond providing the
setting or premises in which the business was carried out. On the facts of
_Barclay Curle_ , the rectangular basin played a (albeit indirect) role in the
process of raising and lowering ships alongside the rest of the dry dock and
was thus more than simply the setting or premises in which the taxpayer’s
business was conducted. Looked at in this light, the _characterisation_
adopted by the majority resulted in the entire dry dock in this case being
construed as _simply a large piece of apparatus or equipment or machinery_
(_only part_ of which happened to overlap with what would otherwise have been
at least part of a conventional building or structure, which would _not_
constitute “plant”).

36 The decision in _Barclay Curle_ may be usefully contrasted with the High
Court of Australia’s decision in _Wangaratta Woollen Mills Limited v The
Commissioner of Taxation of the Commonwealth of Australia_ (1969) 119 CLR 1,
where, although a dyehouse was held to be “plant”, its _external walls as well
as roof_ were _not_.

37 On the other hand, in _Jarrold (Inspector of Taxes) v John Good & Sons Ltd_
[1963] 1 WLR 214 (“ _John Good_ ”), the English Court of Appeal held that
movable internal partitions used by the taxpayer company to adjust its office
space to cope with variations in its number of staff were “plant”. In an oft-
quoted passage, Pearson LJ said (at 215):

There can be no doubt, therefore, as to the main principles to be applied, and
the short question in this case is whether the partitioning is part of the
premises _in which_ the business is carried on or part of the plant _with
which_ the business is carried on. [emphasis added]

38 A case not dissimilar to _Barclay Curle_ is the Court of Appeal of Northern
Ireland decision of _Schofield (H M Inspector of Taxes) v R & H Hall Ltd_
(1974) 49 TC 538 (“ _Schofield_ ”), which in fact cited and applied _Barclay
Curle_. In that case, the court held that _silos simultaneously_ constituted a
building or structure (in which the taxpayer’s business of grain importing and
distribution was conducted) _as well as_ “plant” (insofar as they _also_
performed the function of conveniently discharging the grain contained therein
to customers). Significantly, in our view, it was observed (by Jones LJ at
556) that “the silos are _really collections of built-in bins rather than
buildings capable of housing bins_ which could be put to any other use as
buildings” [emphasis added]. In other words, as was the case in _Barclay
Curle_ , the silos in this case also constituted _large apparatus or equipment
or machinery_ (as opposed to buildings proper). Indeed, it is important to
note that the Crown in this case had taken the view that the silos were not
“plant” but were _industrial buildings_ instead – a view that was rejected by
the court.

39 Yet another decision in which _Barclay Curle_ was applied is _Cooke_.
However, that case concerned _a swimming pool as well as a paddling pool_ ,
constructed on a caravan site, that were held to be “plant”. It should be
noted, though, that neither would be considered to be a building in the
conventional sense of the word (_viz_ , buildings proper). A contrasting case
is the English High Court decision of _Dixon (Inspector of Taxes) v Fitch’s
Garage Ltd_ [1976] 1 WLR 215, where a canopy erected over a self-service
petrol station to provide adequate lighting and shelter was held not to be
“plant”. Brightman J held that the only purpose of the canopy was to provide
shelter to motorists and was not part of the means by which the taxpayer’s
operation of supplying petrol was performed.

40 Similarly, in _Benson (H M Inspector of Taxes) v Yard Arm Club Ltd_ (1979)
53 TC 67, it was held that _a second-hand ship which had been converted into a
floating restaurant_ (which was, in turn, attached to a barge, both of which
were moored at a permanent site on the Victoria Embankment) did _not_
constitute “plant”. It is significant to note that the ship concerned merely
provided the _setting_ in which the business of a _restaurant_ was being
conducted. In other words, the premises _per se_ did _not –_ apart from
functioning as a setting \- constitute (simultaneously) the _means (or part of
the means) by which_ the business was conducted. Put simply, although the
premises did aid in housing the business, it was, in essence, a _building_.
Indeed, Oliver LJ perceptively observed, at the Court of Appeal stage in _Cole
Bros_ (at 212), that “no doubt if the ship had been engined and used as a
vehicle for gastronomic cruises on the river, it would have qualified as plant
because it would have served an additional function in a composite business of
restaurateurs and carriers”. The following observations by Lord Lowry in the
House of Lords decision of _Inland Revenue Commissioners v Scottish &
Newcastle Breweries_ [1982] 1 WLR 322 (“ _Scottish & Newcastle Breweries_”)
(at 333–334) with regard to the fact situation in _Benson_ may also be
usefully noted:

But the distinction is that the ship, although a chattel, was the _place in
which_ the trade was carried on and was therefore the equivalent of the
various premises in which the present taxpayers company carry on their trade
and not of the apparatus used as an adjunct of the trade carried on in those
premises. Thus the ship, with all its novelty and atmosphere, could no more be
called plant than a restaurant consisting of an Elizabethan manor house, a
thatched cottage, a barn or a converted windmill, although like all those
buildings, it could be embellished and adorned with ‘plant’ suitable to the
surroundings and to the purposes of the trade. [emphasis in original]

41 In the English High Court decision of _St John’s School v Ward (H M
Inspector of Taxes)_ (1974) 49 TC 524 (“ _St John’s School_ ”), which was
affirmed on appeal to the Court of Appeal, it was held that gymnasiums and
chemical laboratories (constructed from prefabricated panels which were not
fixed to the ground or a concrete base and whose layout could be rearranged)
did _not_ constitute “plant”. It is significant to note, however, that the
business concerned related to _a school and the concomitant provision of
education_. In the circumstances, therefore, the premises concerned merely
provided the _setting_ in which such business was conducted and (more
importantly) did _not –_ apart from functioning as a setting - constitute
(simultaneously) the _means (or part of the means) by which_ the business was
conducted.

42 Finally, in _Cole Bros_ , Oliver LJ attempted to summarise the applicable
principles governing the (hitherto) decided cases. The learned judge observed
(at 211):

That “plant” may include not only equipment fixed to and forming part of a
structure built into or permanently affixed to land, but also the structure
itself, appears from three cases: [_Barclay Curle_ ; _Cooke_ ; and
_Schofield_] – which were concerned respectively with a dry-dock, a swimming-
pool and paddling pools and a grain silo, and in each of which the structure
itself was held to be plant. The importance of these is, first, that they
emphasise that what is important is not, or not primarily, the nature of the
item in question – that is to say whether it is a “chattel” or a “structure”
or a “building” – but the function that it performs in the taxpayer’s business
activity; and, secondly, that in [_Barclay Curle_] the House of Lords adopted
and affirmed the distinction propounded by Pearson L.J. in [_John Good_]. It
is, however, important to bear in mind what Pearson L.J. was referring to when
he referred to “the premises in which the business is carried on”. As
indicated above, the notion which, as I read his judgment, he was seeking to
convey was that of the building which did no more than “house” the business. I
emphasise this because it does seem to me that in some of the later cases this
has become identified (as I think, erroneously) with the specific function of
providing shelter from the elements, so that it is said that nothing whose
sole function is shelter can be plant.

43 Oliver LJ continued (at 212):

The truth is, in my judgment, that much of the apparent difficulty of deciding
whether expenditure on a particular item as allowable as expenditure on
“plant” arises from attempting to treat as precise criteria tests which have
been propounded as alternative formulations or expositions of the short
question asked by Pearson L.J. in [_John Good_]. Whether the test be expressed
as the provision of “shelter”, as a “building” or “premises”, as “the
functional test”, or, to adopt the homely vernacular suggested by Megarry J.
in [_Cooke_], “where it’s at”, the underlying concept is, I think, the same
and comes back ultimately to that short question, upon which it is difficult
to improve. At risk of propounding yet a further refinement, it seems to me
that the authorities, with one possible exception, demonstrate that the
question (however expressed) which the Court must ask itself is whether the
particular subject-matter under consideration either itself performs, or is a
necessary or integral part of that which performs, simply and solely the
function of “housing” the business or whether, as its sole function or as an
additional function, it performs some other distinct business purpose.

44 In summary, it appears that most of the earlier cases up to _Cole Bros_
appeared to have confused the concept of a building with the idea of “setting”
or “premises”, with the unfortunate effect that the term “building” appears to
have been dissolved or subsumed within the latter two terms. As we have
mentioned earlier, these terms are _not necessarily interchangeable_. Assets
like tents and makeshift shelters for road stalls can be described as the
setting or premises in which a taxpayer’s trade or business is carried on, but
it would be incongruous to hence conclude that they were buildings or
structures, since the idea of a building carries with it a certain connotation
of magnitude and permanence. Further, as we also mentioned above, the
allowances granted under the ITA to “plant” and machinery are much more
generous than the allowances granted to industrial buildings because of the
difference in their relative rates of depreciation. This suggests that, as a
matter of policy itself, the ITA envisions “plant” and machinery generally to
be of a more temporary nature than buildings or structures. Assets which
merely provide the setting or premises for a business may not _ipso facto_ be
of such a permanent nature.

45 Another difficulty generated by some of the cases cited above (such as
_Barclay Curle_ and _Schofield_) is that an asset could simultaneously be
classified as a “plant” and a building. The implication is that any asset
which is _prima facie_ a building or structure can be fully depreciated as
“plant” if it can be shown that these assets performed some independent
business purpose besides simply acting as the setting or premises of the
business. We are of the view that this approach is overly broad and should not
be adopted in Singapore, where the ITA draws a clear distinction between
“plant” and buildings. It is noteworthy that the judgments in _Barclay Curle_
and _Schofield_ expressly referred to s 276 of the UK Income Tax Act 1952 (c
10) and s 14 of the UK Capital Allowances Act 1968 (c 3), respectively, in
arriving at the conclusion that an asset could be both “plant” and a building
(see _Barclay Curle_ at 681, 685, and 691; and _Schofield_ at 546). Both these
provisions are similar and are based on s 13 of the 1945 UK Act, which reads
as follows:

**Exclusion of double allowances, etc**.

**13**.—(1) No allowance shall be made under, or by virtue of, any of the
provisions of this Part of this Act [which deals with industrial buildings and
structures] in respect of, or of premises including, or of expenditure on, a
building or structure if, for the same or any previous or subsequent year of
assessment, an allowance is or can be made under any of the provisions of Part
II [which deals with machinery and plant], Part III or Part IV of this Act in
respect of, or of expenditure on, that building or structure.

(2) Without prejudice to the provisions of the preceding subsection, any
reference in this Part of this Act to the incurring of expenditure on the
construction of a building or structure does not include expenditure on the
provision of machinery or plant or on any asset which has been treated for any
year of assessment as machinery or plant.

46 The significance of this provision is that the UK scheme of capital
allowances anticipated that a particular asset could both be “plant” and an
industrial building or structure and accordingly provided that there would be
no double claim to capital allowances. However, s 13 of the 1945 UK Act (or
any provision to like effect) cannot be found in the ITA because it was never
incorporated into Singapore’s tax legislation. Instead, the ITA simply
provides for capital allowances in respect of different classes of assets. We
are therefore of the view that these classes of assets should remain mutually
exclusive. An asset may be considered “plant” in some respects and a building
in others but, ultimately, it can only be depreciated purely as “plant” _or_
purely as a building for the purposes of income tax. Put simply, if it is
depreciated as “plant”, the taxpayer can claim capital allowances under ss 19
or 19A of the ITA. If it is depreciated as a building, capital allowances are
unavailable unless the building is industrial in nature. Since the two
categories are mutually exclusive, where an asset possesses the features of
both, the question is whether the asset can be _more appropriately_ described
as “plant” or as a building. In our view, to simply ask whether the asset does
anything more than to provide the setting or premises for the business does
nothing to further this inquiry.

47 Fortunately, the ambiguity generated by the case law was soon clarified by
a return by the courts in more recent decisions to the basic distinction
between “plant” on the one hand and building on the other. It is to these more
significant decisions that our attention now turns.

A return to the basic distinction between “plant” and buildings

48 The following observations by Hoffmann J in the English High Court decision
of _Wimpy International Ltd v Warland (Inspector of Taxes)_ [1988] STC 149 (“
_Wimpy_ ”) (which was affirmed on appeal by the English Court of Appeal in
_Wimpy International Ltd v Warland (Inspector of Taxes)_ [1989] STC 273 (“
_Wimpy (CA)_ ”)) may be usefully noted (at 170–172):

The celebrated pioneer cartographer was Lindley LJ, who gave the following
description of the territory in _Yarmouth v France_ (1887) 19 QBD 647 at 658:

‘... in its ordinary sense, it includes whatever apparatus is used by a
business man for carrying on his business,-not his stock-in-trade which he
buys or makes for sale; but all goods and chattels, fixed or moveable, live or
dead, which he keeps for permanent employment in his business.’

It is important to notice the various discriminations which are stated or
implied in this description. **_First_** , it excludes [**_from the definition
of plant_**] anything which is not used for carrying on the business.
**_Secondly_** , it excludes stock-in-trade both expressly and because,
although used for the purposes of the business, its use lacks permanence.
**_Thirdly_** , it _excludes_ things which are not ‘apparatus ... goods and
chattels, fixed or moveable, live or dead’ _or not_** _employed_****in** the
business. **_This excludes the premises or place in or upon which the business
is conducted_**.

Before going any further I must say something about _the third distinction_
and the way in which _the courts in subsequent cases_ have **_refined the
boundary_** _between plant and premises_ ...

It will be seen, therefore, that although the **_three distinctions_** in
_Yarmouth v France_ (1887) 19 QBD 647 each involves a test which can be called
functional, **_they are subtly different from each other_**. If the item is
neither stock-in-trade nor the premises upon which the business is conducted,
the only question is whether it is used for carrying on the business. I shall
call this **_the ‘business use’ test_**. However, under the **_second_**
distinction, an article which passes the ‘business use’ test is excluded if
such use is as stock-in-trade. And under the** _third_** distinction, **_an
item used in carrying on the business is excluded if such use is as the
premises or place upon which the business is conducted. The fact that an item
may pass the ‘business use’ test but fail what I may call the ‘premises’ test
is central to this case_**.

...

The seeds of confusion were sown in the judgment of Uthwatt J in _J Lyons & Co
v A-G_ [1944] Ch 281.

...

The contrast between ‘plant’ and ‘setting’, while perfectly intelligible in
the context of that case, was not, as things have turned out, the happiest
choice of words. Uthwatt J was using ‘setting’ to refer to things which were
upon the premises but were neither a part of the premises nor used in carrying
on the business. However, as Pennycuick J later pointed out in _Jarrold
(Inspector of Taxes) v John Good & Sons Ltd_ [1962] 1 WLR 1101 at 1108 ...,
the ‘setting’ in which a business is conducted can as a matter ordinary
language include the plant used to carry it on. Secondly, a contrast between
‘plant’ and ‘setting’ is not the most precise tool for applying the ‘business
use’ test _when the provision of what most people would call a ‘setting’ is_ ,
**_as in restaurants and hotels_** _, an important part of the way in which
the business is conducted .._. **_Thirdly, and for present purposes most
significantly, the ‘setting’ would normally include the premises themselves.
These are also excluded from the concept of plant_** , but not for the same
reason as the lamps in _J Lyons & Co Ltd v A-G ... It is not because the
premises are not sufficiently specific to the business_** _but simply because
they are premises. No matter how ‘purpose-built’ the premises may be, they are
not plant if they constitute the premises or place upon which the business is
conducted_** _... The plant/setting dichotomy therefore conceals_** _an
ambiguity_** _. Describing an item as ‘setting’ rather than ‘plant’ may mean
that_ , **_however specifically adapted for the purposes of the trade, it is
nevertheless part of the premises upon which the business is conducted. Or_**
_it may mean, as Uthwatt J meant_ , **_that the item is neither part of the
premises nor used in carrying on the business_**.

[emphasis added in italics and bold italics]

49 It appears from the above observations that the learned judge was referring
to “premises” in the sense of “buildings” and, more importantly, that he did
_not_ consider _buildings proper_ to constitute “plant”.

50 Reference may also be made, in this regard, to the English Court of Appeal
decision of _Carr (H M Inspector of Taxes) v Sayer_ (1992) 65 TC 15 (“ _Carr_
”). In this case, the taxpayers carried on a business of providing quarantine
kennels and transport services for cats and dogs. They used two types of
kennels in their business. The first type consisted of movable, wooden kennels
and the second type consisted of immovable kennels. These immovable kennels
were permanent structures which had concrete flooring, brick and mortar walls,
and built-in drainage. Although the movable and immovable kennels both served,
in a sense, as the setting or premises in which the business was housed, only
the former was held to be “plant”. In arriving at his decision, Sir Donald
Nicholls VC articulated the following principles (at 22–23):

First, in the context in which it appears in s 41(1) [of the UK Finance Act
1971], plant carries with it **_a connotation of equipment or apparatus,
either fixed or unfixed. It does not convey a meaning wide enough to include
buildings in general_**. _The premises, whether an office or a factory or a
warehouse or whatever, at which or in which a business is carried on would not
normally be understood as intended to be embraced by the expression ‘machinery
or plant’_.

...

**_Secondly, the expression ‘machinery or plant’ is apt to include equipment
of any size. If fixed, a large piece of equipment may readily be described as
a structure, but that by itself does not take the equipment outside the range
of what would normally be regarded as plant. The equipment does not cease to
be plant because it is so substantial that, when fixed, it attracts the label
of a structure or, even, a building. Thus a dry dock which affords the means
for getting large vessels into a position where work on the outside of the
hull can be done can properly be regarded as plant_** : see _Commissioners of
Inland Revenue v. Barclay, Crule & Co. Ltd. .._. **_Likewise, a substantial
concrete silo used as a means for loading grain into customers’ lorries_** :
see _Schofield (Inspector of Taxes) v. R. & H. Hall Ltd. .._.

**_Thirdly, and this follows from the above, equipment does not cease to be
plant merely because it also discharges an additional function, such as
providing the place in which the business is carried out_**. _For example,
when a ship is repaired in a dry dock, the dock also provides the place where
the repair work is carried out. That is no more than the consequence of_**
_the extensive size of a piece of fixed plant_**.

**_Fourthly, and conversely, buildings_** , which I have already noted would
**_not normally_** be regarded as plant, _do_** _not_** _cease to be buildings
and become plant_** _simply because they are purpose-built for a particular
trading activity_**. Such a distinction would make no sense. Thus the stables
of a racehorse trainer are properly to be regarded as buildings and not plant.
**_A hotel building remains a building even when constructed to a luxury
specification_**. I say nothing about particular fixtures within the building.
_Similarly_ with **_a hospital for infectious diseases_**. This **_might
require special lay-out and other features_** , _but_ this does _not_ convert
the building into plant. A purpose-built building, as much as one which is not
purpose-built, prima facie is _no more than the premises on which the business
is conducted_.

Fifthly, _one of the functions of a building is to provide shelter and
security for people using it and for goods inside it_. That is **_a normal
function of a building_**. _A building used for those purposes is being used
as a building. Thus a building does not partake of the character of plant
simply, for example, because it is used for storage by a trader carrying on_**
_a storage business_**. **_This remains so even if the building has been built
as a specially secure building for use in a safe-deposit business_**. _Or_ ,
one might add, **_as a prison_**. ...

[emphasis added in italics and bold italics]

51 Put simply, any _building_ (or “ _building proper_ ”, in the terminology
utilised in this judgment) would _not_ constitute “plant”. Hence, in, for
example, the English Court of Appeal decision of _Gray (Inspector of Taxes) v
Seymours Garden Centre (Horticulture)_ (1995) 67 TC 401, a planteria (a form
of glasshouse), which was used to provide an appropriate mini-climate in its
different parts for the growth and nurturing of plants, was held to be a
purpose-built structure rather than “plant”.

52 Similarly, in another decision of the English Court of Appeal decision in
_Attwood (Inspector of Taxes) v Anduff Car Wash Ltd_ [1997] STC 1167, a wash
hall specially designed to wash the maximum number of cars in the shortest
possible time was held to be a building, although the inspector of taxes was
willing to accept that _the machinery_ housed within the wash hall constituted
_“plant”_. Peter Gibson LJ referred to Lord Lowry’s judgment in _Scottish &
Newcastle Breweries_ and noted (at 1175) that it was only in “rare” instances
where an asset that would normally be described as a building or structure
would be held to be “plant” instead. Indeed, an examination of these rare
cases demonstrates that the assets in question were more akin to large,
integrated pieces of machinery or equipment than to buildings or structures as
such.

53 One example of such large equipment can be found in the New Zealand Court
of Appeal decision of _Commissioner of Inland Revenue v Waitaki International
Ltd_ [1990] 3 NZLR 27 (“ _Waitaki_ ”), where it was held that the entire cold-
store or freezer used in the business of meat works was “plant” inasmuch as
(consistently with the approach of the majority in _Barclay Curle_) everything
was to be considered as an integrated whole. Interestingly, Richardson J also
observed thus (at 32):

_Except for differences in relative size_ , the freezer and cold-store _may be
likened to a domestic or commercial deep freeze_. Each is essentially a
refrigerator box all six walls of which are heavily insulated to facilitate
efficient refrigeration. The structure is part and parcel of the process and
for his part [the expert witness for the Commissioner of Inland Revenue] said
that he would call [the taxpayer’s] cold-stores a freezer complex and would
describe the freezer in a butcher’s shop as plant. I consider those proper
concessions and that the freezer and cold-store form part of the taxpayer’s
operations and are to be characterised as plant. [emphasis added]

In a similar vein, Bisson J observed as follows (at 35):

A small refrigerated unit such as the domestic deep freeze I would regard as a
piece of equipment but when the whole building serves as a cool-store or
freezing chamber as these buildings did, I regard them as plant, being used
for the purpose of processing the product essential to carrying on the
business of a meat works.

And Hardie Boys J stated thus (at 36):

The buildings in issue in this case are not only built for the purpose of a
particular process but are also part of the process itself. The chilling
process requires a particular kind of equipment placed in a particular kind of
structure, _the whole functioning as an entity. The analogy to a deep freeze
is almost complete_ , **_apart from size and mechanics_**. I therefore
conclude that the cold stores were plant for the purposes of the section.
[emphasis added in italics and bold italics]

54 In other words, although one could conceivably characterise the cold-stores
or freezers in _Waitaki_ as buildings proper, the New Zealand Court of Appeal
took the view that these structures were in fact and in substance, in the
nature of _large apparatus or equipment or machinery_. Crudely put, they were
_large refrigerators_.

55 The basic distinction between “plant” and buildings was also highlighted in
the High Court of Australia decision of _Imperial Chemical Industries of
Australia and New Zealand Limited v Commissioner of Taxation of the
Commonwealth of Australia_ (1970) 120 CLR 396 (“ _Imperial Chemical
Industries_ ”), where it was held that the ceiling panels and electric
fittings in a building did _not_ constitute “plant” (reference may also be
made to the English High Court decision of _J Lyons & Company, Limited v
Attorney-General_ [1944] 1 Ch 281 (which concerned electric lamps and
fittings); _Cole Bros_ (which also concerned the installation of electrical
apparatus); as well as _Wimpy_ (which concerned, _inter alia_ , shop fronts,
light fittings and wiring, raised floors, floor and wall tiles, wall panels
and mirrors, suspended ceilings, balustrading, cold water piping and water
tanks, decorative brickwork, murals, built-in storage units and dispensers)).
In _Imperial Chemical Industries_ , Kitto J observed, _inter alia_ (at 398),
that “[t]he ceilings are there for the sake of the building, not the building
for the sake of the ceilings” and that they were “no more than parts of the
shelter, so to speak, in which the Appellant chooses to carry on its
activities”. The learned judge also observed that the electrical fittings were
“also parts of the general equipment of the building” (_ibid_). In his view
(at 399), “[t]he construction of the building as a building of the general
type to which it belongs would be incomplete without them, and their function
does not go beyond making the building a suitable general setting for a wide
range of possible activities”. The cases just mentioned relate, in fact, to
the issue (dealt with below at [64]–[65]) of whether or not an asset that is
not a building proper as such can be so inextricably connected with a building
such that it could be regarded as part of the building for income tax
purposes.

56 A significant and related issue that then arises is this: what constitutes
a “building” (or a “building proper” in the terminology utilised in this
judgment) for the purposes of the distinction between “plant” on the one hand
and building on the other? This is an issue to which our attention now turns.

What constitutes a “building”?

(1) Introduction

57 Unlike Stephenson LJ’s observations in _Cole Bros_ (cited above at [26]),
it is probably easier to recognise a building when we encounter it than it is
in the case of “plant” (which the learned judge was concerned with). Indeed,
in the vast majority of cases, we will know a building when we see it.
However, with the myriad of possible permutations, there will be the so-called
grey areas. Indeed, as we shall see, the assets that are the subject matter of
the present appeal may well fall within such a grey area. In any event, it
would, as a matter of logic as well as commonsense, be appropriate that we set
out the main criteria that would guide the court in ascertaining whether or
not a given asset is a “building”.

(2) The operational role of the asset in the taxpayer’s business

58 As Nicholls VC aptly mentioned in _Carr_ , “plant” carries with it a
connotation of equipment or apparatus. Accordingly, an asset which operates as
a large piece of equipment cannot be said to be a building or structure, since
the normal purpose of the latter is to provide a setting or premises for the
business (bearing in mind our earlier caution that setting and premises are
_not_ to be _automatically equated_ with buildings or structures). Where a
very large asset can be considered both equipment and the setting or premises
in which the business is carried on (like the grain silo in _Schofield_ ,),
the question then is whether the asset is more appropriately described as
equipment (and hence “plant”) _or_ as a building. This would in turn depend on
the _extent_ to which the asset plays the role of _equipment_ in the
taxpayer’s business, as well as the other factors indicated below.

(3) The physical nature of the asset

59 Another obvious criterion in determining whether an asset is a building is
_the physical nature_ of the asset itself, which would encompass, for example,
its size, shape, durability, as well as the material it is constructed of. The
more an asset resembles a conventional building or structure, the more
unlikely it will be held to be “plant”. If the asset concerned looks like a
building and is constructed from permanent materials (such as brick and
mortar), it should almost certainly be described as a “building” (unless, of
course, it falls into one of those rare cases where it can be more
appropriately described as a piece of equipment rather than a building).
Conversely, assets which are constructed from temporary and ephemeral
materials cannot, in the vast majority of cases, be said to be buildings in
any sense of the word. However, there remain intermediate situations such as
the present case (where the dormitories are constructed of _pre-fabricated
material_). In such instances, we are of the view that the intention of the
taxpayer in relation to the use and location of the asset could be a decisive
factor, and we will elaborate on this below.

(4) Whether the asset is intended to be only temporarily located

60 As we mentioned earlier, buildings or structures carry with them a certain
connotation of permanence and, hence, an asset is less likely to be considered
a building if it does not remain on any one site permanently. In such
circumstances, the _intention_ of the person who incurred the expenditure on
the asset will, in our view, be a crucial factor. If it can be demonstrated,
via objective evidence, that that person only intended for the asset to be
_temporarily_ located and moved around from place to place, then that asset is
unlikely to constitute a building. Conversely, if it can be demonstrated,
again via objective evidence, that that person brought the asset into
existence with the intention that it be _permanent_ in nature, then that asset
is more likely to constitute a building, notwithstanding the fact that it may
not be as permanently constructed as a normal building. Indeed (as we shall
see below at [77]), this particular criterion will be of critical significance
in the context of the facts of the present appeal. Insofar as the former is
concerned (_viz_ , an intention that the asset concerned was to be only
temporarily located and would be moved around from place to place), reference
may be made to two Australian decisions which were, in fact, cited by the
Appellant.

61 In the High Court of Australia decision of _Quarries Ltd v Federal
Commissioner of Taxation_ (1961) 106 CLR 310 (“ _Quarries_ ”), the taxpayer’s
business was to quarry and crush stone at various remote places. As it was
required to move from site to site, part of its train of equipment consisted
of portable sleeping units, which were small enclosed sheds or cubicles which
were transported upon a trailer. The taxpayer claimed capital allowances on
the basis that the sleeping units were ““plant” or articles owned by a
taxpayer and used by him “for the purpose of producing assessable income”
under s 54 of the Income Tax and Social Services Contribution Assessment Act
1936–1957 (Cth). The court held in favour of the taxpayer. Taylor J observed
thus (at 314):

Of course, “article” cannot ordinarily be taken to comprehend a structure
erected or built _in situ_ (cf. _In the Matter of Application for the
Registration of Designs by R. H. Collier & Co Ltd_ (1937) 54 RPC 253) though
in some circumstances a structure in the nature of a building may be “plant”
(_The Australian Gas Light Co v The Valuer-General_ (1940) 40 SR (NSW) 126 at
141). _However the sleeping units, are not structures in the nature of
buildings in the ordinary sense of that expression; they were, as appears,
designed and constructed as portable or movable equipment for use in connexion
with the nomadic type of business which the taxpayer carries on_. As such they
were just as much “articles” as were the tents which, earlier during the year
of income in question, were provided by the tax-payer. [emphasis added]

62 Similarly in _Case A43_ (1969) 69 ATC 244, the taxpayer’s business
consisted of the manufacture as well as on-site erection of power plants and,
like the taxpayer in _Quarries_ , this required the taxpayer to move from site
to site. The taxpayer erected sheds on its different work sites which were
used as offices, stores, workshops, changing rooms, and toilets _etc_. The
Australian Income Tax Board of Review held that the sheds were “plant”. Mr R E
O’Neill, whom the rest of the board agreed with, stated (at [23]) that:

... At any particular time sheds upon a contract site are there only
temporarily for the duration of and for the purposes of and in relation to the
particular job which the company has contracted to do at that site. In such a
context it seems to me that the sheds have the character of “plant” rather
than that of “setting” _even though like structures would be “setting” if
located permanently on the company’s own business premises for similar uses in
relation to its continuing operations at those premises_. [emphasis added]

63 The decisions in these two cases demonstrate that an item is less likely to
be classified as a building if it was not intended to remain at one particular
site. The above passage (in the preceding paragraph) from _Case A43_ , in
particular, clearly indicates that the temporary presence of an item can be
the decisive factor making it “plant” whereas another item with the exact same
function and physical characteristics but located permanently might not be
“plant”.

(5) Parts of a building proper

64 We note that more difficult questions of application might arise in
relation to _parts_ of a building proper. Whether or not these constitute
“plant” or building would depend very much upon the precise factual matrix.
Given the myriad of permutations of possible fact situations, it would be
invidious to generalise. Nevertheless, we are of the view that if the item (or
items) concerned, although not a building proper as such, is inextricably
connected with a building, it can be regarded as part of the building for
income tax purposes. In this regard the following observations of Hoffmann J
in _Wimpy_ are instructive (at 173):

... the question seems to me to be whether it would be more appropriate to
describe the item as having become part of the premises than as having
retained a separate identity. This is a question of fact and degree, to which
some of the relevant considerations will be: whether the item appears visually
to retain a separate identity, the degree of permanence with which it has been
attached, the incompleteness of the structure without it and the extent to
which it was intended to be permanent or whether it was likely to be replaced
within a relatively short period.

65 Some examples of the application of this principle can be found in
_Imperial Chemical Industries_ (considered above at [55]), in _Wimpy_ itself,
and in the English High Court decision of _Hampton (Inspector of Taxes) v
Fortes Autogrill Ltd_ (1979) 53 TC 691, where the taxpayer carried on business
as a caterer and had installed false ceilings in its restaurants to provide
cladding for various pipes and electrical conduits. The court held that the
false ceilings were part of the premises in which the taxpayer’s business was
carried on.

(6) Some illustrations

66 Taking all the above factors into account, we would, by way of
_illustration only_ , postulate the following examples of what, in our view,
might (or might not) constitute “buildings”:

(a) A crane used to lift and lower bulky objects would qualify as “plant” even
if it is permanently fixed to a certain spot and is constructed such as to
last for decades. This is because it obviously functions as a giant piece of
equipment or machinery and cannot be likened to a building or structure.

(b) Curtains and movable partitions in a shophouse or office would also be
“plant” even if their sole purpose was simply to exist as part of the premises
because they cannot be said to physically resemble buildings or structures in
any way, nor would they be sufficiently connected with the shophouse or office
to form an inextricable part of the building.

(c) An office put up at a construction site and made of brick and mortar would
be considered a building instead of “plant”, even if the contractor or
developer intended to demolish it in a couple of years after the construction
is complete. This is because the office functions as premises, is constructed
of permanent materials, and so obviously resembles a building.

(d) Wooden sheds and storehouses located permanently at a site would also be
considered buildings instead of “plant”. Although constructed of less durable
materials than concrete buildings, they have the sole function of housing and
are also not meant to be moved around. Thus, they are also just as permanent
as concrete buildings.

(e) Tents used for accommodation and shelter are definitely “plant”. They have
very little resemblance to actual buildings or structures and are meant to be
moved from place to place.

67 While it would of course be impossible to set out an exhaustive list of
what is (or is not) “plant”, we are of the view that the framework we have
just described should provide a principled basis for a court or tribunal
concerned to decide a particular case. We also recognise that, even with this
framework in place, there would inevitably be cases falling on the borderline,
of which the present appeal is a perfect example. In such cases, where it is
reasonable to conclude that an asset can be either “plant” or a building, an
appellate court should not interfere with the decision rendered at first
instance. This position is made clear by s 81(2) of the ITA which states that
any appeal from the Board to the High Court (and consequently any appeal from
the High Court to the Court of Appeal) can only be on a question of law or of
mixed law and fact. As Judith Prakash J noted in the Singapore High Court
decision of _NP v Comptroller of Income Tax_ [2007] 4 SLR(R) 599, s 81(2)
reflects a similar rule in the United Kingdom and the rationale for such rule
was explained by Lord Radcliffe in _Edwards (Inspector of Taxes) v Bairstow_
[1956] AC 14 (at 38):

As I see it, the reason why the courts do not interfere with commissioners’
findings or determinations when they really do involve nothing but questions
of fact is not any supposed advantage in the commissioners of greater
experience in matters of business or any other matters. The reason is simply
that by the system that has been set up the commissioners are the first
tribunal to try an appeal, and in the interests of the efficient
administration of justice their decisions can only be upset on appeal if they
have been positively wrong in law. _The court is not a second opinion, where
there is reasonable ground for the first_. [emphasis added]

68 More specifically in relation to the issue of whether an asset is “plant”
or a building, Lord Lowry said in _Scottish & Newcastle Breweries_ (at 327):

(1) It is a question of law what meaning is to be given to the word “plant”,
and it is for the courts to interpret its meaning, having regard to the
context in which it occurs. _(2) The law does not supply a definition of plant
or prescribe a detailed or exhaustive set of rules for application to any
particular set of circumstances, and there are cases which, on the facts
found, are capable of decision either way. (3) A decision in such a case is a
decision on a question of fact and degree and cannot be upset as being
erroneous in point of law unless the commissioners show by some reason they
give or statement they make in the case stated that they have misunderstood or
misapplied the law in some relevant particular_. (4) The commissioners err in
point of law when they make a finding which there is no evidence to support.
(5) The commissioners may also err by reaching a conclusion which is
inconsistent with the facts they have found. [emphasis added]

69 This would be an appropriate juncture to draw the various threads together
and summarise the applicable legal principles.

A summary

70 The applicable legal principles may be summarised as follows (bearing in
mind the caveat that, in the final analysis, the precise factual matrix as
well as context is of the first importance and that the following propositions
are only the most basic ones and do not include the nuances that are to be
found in the relevant case law):

(a) There is a basic distinction between “plant” on the one hand and buildings
on the other.

(b) “ _Plant_ ” consists in _apparatus_ that is utilised _for carrying on the
trade or business concerned_.

(c) “ _Building_ ”, on the other hand, consists of a permanent structure or
part of a permanent structure that houses the trade or business. It is often
described, in a shorthand manner, as the place in which a trade or business is
carried on. To the extent that a “building” houses the trade or business, it
is, to that extent, an asset with which a trade or business is carried on.
However, because of their qualitative difference _vis-à-vis_ “plant”,
buildings are granted lower rates of capital allowances, and even then,
capital allowances are only granted in the specific circumstances set out in
the ITA. In order to ascertain whether or not a particular asset is a
“building” or ““plant””, the following factors are helpful:

(i) The exact operational role which the asset plays in the taxpayer’s
business.

(ii) The physical nature and characteristics of the asset.

(iii) Whether the asset concerned is intended _only_ to be _temporarily_
located.

(iv) Where it appears that the asset, although not a building proper as such,
is nevertheless inextricably connected with a building, it can be regarded as
_part_ of the building for income tax purposes.

(c) In the final analysis, much will depend upon _the precise factual matrix
and context_ concerned.

71 Let us now proceed to apply these legal principles to the facts of the
present appeal.

Our decision

Whether this court should interfere with the conclusions of the Board and the
Judge

72 We turn first to Mr Aw’s alternative argument, that the question of whether
the Appellant’s dormitories were “plant” is one of fact and degree and that
the answer given by the Board should be treated as decisive unless it was an
unreasonable conclusion on the facts. While we agree completely with Mr Aw’s
statement of the law, we are of the view that both the Board and the learned
Judge below had, with respect, erred in law (as opposed to fact) by focusing
on the sole factor of the dormitories being used as the “setting” or
“premises” for the taxpayer’s business without taking into consideration other
relevant factors. The Board, in arriving at its decision, had expressly
disregarded the fact that the dormitories were portable and demountable, and
that they were only intended to be situated at the Site for nine years at the
most.

73 Similarly, this was the approach adopted by the Judge. Although the Judge
had correctly cited the cases of _Wimpy_ and _Carr_ (which addressed the basic
distinction between “plant” and buildings), he went on to conclude that the
dormitories were not “plant” because they were used solely as the premises for
the taxpayer’s business of providing accommodation and did not have any
additional function (see _ZF(HC)_ at [35]–[37]). With respect, it appears that
the Judge had inadvertently applied the wrong legal test because he had
reverted to the former approach of buildings being treated as being
_equivalent to_ setting or premises. In doing so, the learned Judge had not
taken into consideration the portability and demountability of the
dormitories, nor the fact that they were meant to be temporarily situated at
the Site. We agree with the Judge that portability and demountability were not
the _functions_ of the dormitories but this did not mean that they were
irrelevant to the final enquiry.

74 If the Board or the Judge had taken into account the temporary nature and
the physical characteristics of the dormitories in the context of whether or
not the dormitories were “ _buildings_ ” (or “ _buildings proper_ ” in the
context of the terminology utilised in this judgment), and still decided that
the dormitories were not “plant”, we would probably not have disturbed such a
finding because it would not have been clearly unreasonable on the facts. As
we mentioned earlier at [67], we consider the present case to be very much on
the borderline. Nevertheless, since the Board and the Judge had, with respect,
not applied the correct legal test and we do not know what the result would
have been if they had, we consider it open to us to arrive at our own
conclusion on the facts.

Whether the portable dormitories are “plant”

75 The Judge held, in effect (and leaving aside the terminology he utilised
(_cf_ above at [30]–[31])), that the dormitories were indeed utilised for the
purposes of the Appellant’s business. We agree. Indeed, these dormitories were
the very tools of trade without which the Appellant would not have been able
to conduct its business at all.

76 However, could it be argued that, notwithstanding the finding referred to
in the preceding paragraph, the dormitories in the present proceedings were
nevertheless “buildings”, thus bringing them _outside_ the purview of “plant”?

77 Although the dormitories in the present case could reasonably have been
held to be either “plant” or buildings, a final decision has to be made on the
facts. Having considered the circumstances, we are of the view that the
dormitories qualify as “plant” for the purposes of ss 19 and 19A of the ITA.
Even though they were definitely not large pieces of equipment and also
resembled buildings from a physical perspective, they were not made of such
lasting materials so as to fall inextricably on the buildings side of the
boundary. Further, as already noted at the outset of this judgment, the
dormitories concerned were never intended to be permanent structures in the
manner that buildings proper are intended to be. Indeed, the relevant
conditions were such that the taxpayer might have had to dismantle the
dormitories within 90 days (this is to be contrasted, for example, with the
_permanent_ quarantine kennels in _Carr_). In the circumstances, the
dormitories were more akin to apparatus or equipment or machinery (albeit
like, for example, the dry dock in _Barclay Curle_ and the silos in
_Schofield_ , being rather large in size). _Indeed, the Appellant had intended
that they be located only temporarily and would be moved around from place to
place when the need arose_. It was clearly _never_ the intention of the
Appellant to locate the dormitories _permanently_ at the Site. They would, at
the extreme end of the spectrum, be located at the Site for nine years _at
most_ , and could in fact even have been moved much earlier. Looked at in this
light, we are of the view that the dormitories were _not_ buildings proper but
constituted, instead, “plant”. That an item is not necessarily precluded from
constituting “plant” just because it provides temporary accommodation to
actual persons is illustrated by the High Court of Australia decision of
_Quarries_ where, it will be recalled, it was held that _portable sleeping
units_ (which comprised small enclosed sheds or cubicles constructed of
galvanized iron and timber and were capable of being readily and conveniently
moved by crane and which were transported by a trailer attached to a prime-
mover) constituted “plant”. These sleeping units were provided for the
accommodation of the taxpayer’s employees whilst they were engaged in the
taxpayer’s business of quarrying and crushing stone. The duration of the
operations of quarrying and crushing at each site appeared to vary between
three and six months, with the average period being approximately six months.
It should be noted, however, that the Income Tax Board of Review, in the
present proceedings, had _distinguished_ the decision in _Quarries_ in the
following manner (see _ZF (ITBR)_ at [26]–[27]):

26\. However, we agree with the Respondent that, in relying on the _Quarries_
case, the Appellant had not given due consideration to the trade of the
taxpayer in the _Quarries_ case. In the _Quarries_ case, the taxpayer was in
the trade of quarrying and crushing stones, and pursuant to a contract with
the South Australian highway authority, was required to win and crush stone at
various, frequently remote, places. The duration of its operations at each
site was on average six months, and the sleeping units in question were
transported upon a trailer attached to a prime mover when it was time to
relocate. It is clear that the sleeping units in the _Quarries_ case were
deployed to enable the taxpayer to carry out its business of stone quarrying
and crushing.

27\. In contrast, the Appellant does not, for the purposes of its trade,
require the use of the Dormitories to be portable or demountable in order for
the Appellant to carry out its business, which is the provision of
accommodation to workers. The fact that the Appellant has assembled the
Dormitories using Pre-Fabricated Structures is for its own convenience in the
event it is required to vacate the Site at short notice. This must be
distinguished from a situation where, due to the particular circumstances or
nature of the Appellant’s business, the Dormitories are to be constructed
using Pre-Fabricated Structures (as in the case of the portable sleeping units
in the _Quarries_ case). In the present circumstances, the Appellant could
just as well have carried on its business of providing accommodation without
using Pre-Fabricated Structures, and the Dormitories are no more than the
building or premises in which the Appellant carries out its trade. The fact
that the Dormitories happen to be demountable or portable does not change this
analysis.

78 With respect, we do not agree with the above analysis. In our view, given
the specific _context_ of the factual matrix in the present proceedings, the
Appellant _did_ , in fact, require – _for the purposes of its trade –_ that
the dormitories be portable or demountable in order for it to carry out its
business of providing accommodation on a temporary basis. The very nature of
its business, the provision of accommodation for workers on a temporary basis,
requires the Appellant to use this kind of facility. It would have made no
commercial sense for the Appellant to have built, presumably at greater
expense, dormitories made of permanent (as opposed to pre-fabricated)
materials, particularly since it might have had to vacate the premises
concerned at relatively short notice. Further, dormitories made of permanent
materials could not be moved around from place to place. Looked at in this
light, the factual situation in the present proceedings was not dissimilar, in
substance, to that in _Quarries_. Indeed, the focus in _Quarries_ (especially
at 317) was on the issue as to whether or not the sleeping units were
necessary in order to enable the taxpayer concerned to carry out its trade.
Likewise, in the present proceedings, the dormitories were in fact necessary
to enable the taxpayer to carry out its business. Indeed, these dormitories
constituted the very tools _without which_ it would have been _impossible_ for
the Appellant to carry out its business _at all_. The _nature_ of the
dormitories relates more to the issue as to whether or not they were buildings
proper. And, for the reasons set out in the preceding paragraph, we are of the
view that the dormitories were _not_ buildings proper and constituted
_“plant”_ instead.

79 The dormitories, which are the subject of the present appeal, might,
however, be _contrasted with hotels_ which are, _ex hypothesi_ , permanent
structures that therefore constitute buildings proper. Indeed, absent specific
statutory provision (for example, in respect of hotels on the island of
Sentosa pursuant to s 18(1)(_h_) of the ITA), a hotel would not even qualify
for capital allowances as “industrial building or structure” (see s 18(6) of
the ITA). In the present case, however, the dormitories concerned were not
unlike _temporary_ structures such as _tents_. Similarly, if the Appellant had
used cargo containers, stacked on top of one another and modified for the
purposes of providing accommodation to the workers, such containers would not
have been considered as buildings.

Conclusion

80 In the circumstances and for the reasons set out above, we allow the appeal
with costs both here and below (both in the High Court as well as before the
Board). The usual consequential orders are to follow.

Postscript

81 We also take this opportunity to clarify a peripheral issue pertaining to
income tax appeals before this court in general. Counsel for the Appellant had
written in to the court prior to the hearing of this appeal requesting for the
appeal to be heard _in camera_. Counsel’s request came about as a result of
the decision of this court in _JD Ltd v Comptroller of Income Tax_ [2006] 1
SLR(R) 484 (“ _JD Ltd_ ”), where the application of s 83(1) of the Income Tax
Act (Cap 134, 2004 Rev Ed) (“the 2004 Act”) was considered. This provision is
_in pari materia_ with s 83(1) of the present ITA and reads as follows:

**Proceedings before Board and High Court**

**83**. —(1) Subject to subsections (2) and (3), all proceedings before the
Board and in appeals to, or in cases stated for the opinion of, the High Court
under the provisions of this Part, and in appeals from decisions of the High
Court under section 81(5) shall be heard in camera.

82 Section 81 of the 2004 Act is also _in pari materia_ with s 81 of the
present ITA and subsection (5) thereof reads as follows:

**Appeals to High Court**

**81**. —(5) There shall be such further right of appeal from decisions of the
High Court under this section as exists in the case of decisions made by that
Court in the exercise of its original civil jurisdiction.

83 In _JD Ltd_ , this court (at [59]) interpreted s 83(1) to mean that all
proceedings before the Board and the High Court under Part XVIII of the 2004
Act were required to be held _in camera_. However, Yong Pung How CJ,
delivering the judgment of the court, went on to state, as follows (_ibid_):

... As for proceedings before the Court of Appeal, there is no blanket rule
that all such appeals must be held _in camera_. Indeed, s 83(1) only
stipulates that “appeals from decisions of the High Court _under section 81(5)
shall be heard in camera_ ” [emphasis added]. Section 81(5), in turn, provides
that:

There shall be such further right of appeal from decisions of the High Court
... as exists in the case of decisions made by that Court in the exercise of
its _original_ civil jurisdiction. [emphasis added]

It must mean, therefore, that s 83(1), read with s 81(5), provides that
appeals before the Court of Appeal will only be held _in camera_ if the High
Court had heard the case at first instance, that is, if the High Court had
heard the case in the exercise of its _original_ civil jurisdiction. The Act
remains silent as to the case where the taxpayer appeals against the decision
of the High Court exercising its _appellate_ jurisdiction, as is the situation
in the present appeal where the case was first heard by the Board of Review.

[emphasis in original]

84 What the learned Chief Justice was saying, in other words, was that s 81(5)
of the 2004 Act gave a right of appeal from the High Court to the Court of
Appeal if the High Court had heard an income tax appeal against the assessment
of the Comptroller at first instance. Read together with s 83(1), it would
mean that income tax appeals before the Court of Appeal would normally not be
required to be heard _in camera_ unless the High Court had heard the case at
first instance. Nevertheless, Yong CJ went on to state that the Court of
Appeal retained the discretion to hear an appeal _in camera_ and accordingly
granted the taxpayer’s request for it to do so. The Appellant in this case had
thus made a similar request on this basis.

85 With respect, we do not agree with Yong CJ’s interpretation of s 83(1) of
the 2004 Act as only extending to proceedings before the Board and the High
Court, but not to proceedings before the Court of Appeal. Section 81(5)
provides that “[t]here shall be such further right of appeal from decisions of
the High Court under this section as exists in the case of decisions made by
that Court in the exercise of its original civil jurisdiction”. The words “in
the exercise of its original civil jurisdiction” are not a reference to the
proceedings from the Board to the High Court because the High Court would, in
such a case, be exercising its appellate, not original, jurisdiction. Hence,
we are of the view that the words “as exists” in that subsection simply mean
that “just as” in the case of the High Court exercising its original
jurisdiction in other cases, there is a further right of appeal.

86 Accordingly, for future appeals to this court in an income tax matter, it
would not be necessary for any party to apply for the appeal to be heard _in
camera_. All such appeals will be heard _in camera_.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 15 Dec 2010 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

