Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Huang Danmin _v_ Traditional Chinese Medicine Practitioners Board  
[2010] SGHC 152

Case Number| :| OS No. 849 of 2008/S  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 18 May 2010  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Tay Yong Kwang J  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Ismail Hamid (Ismail Hamid & Co) for the Appellant;
Rebecca Chew Ming Hsien and Mark Cheng Wai Yuen (Rajah & Tann LLP) for the
TCMP Board; Koh Swee Yen (Wong Partnership LLP) as amicus curiae  
Parties| :|  Huang Danmin — Traditional Chinese Medicine Practitioners Board  
  
18 May 2010|  
---|---  
  
Tay Yong Kwang J:

Introduction

1 This appeal is brought by the Appellant, a Singapore registered Traditional
Chinese Medicine (“TCM”) practitioner, against the decision of the Respondent,
the Traditional Chinese Medicine Practitioners Board (“the Board”), to cancel
the Appellant’s registration as a TCM practitioner. The Board’s decision was
made on 19 March 2008 after considering the findings and recommendations of
the Investigation Committee No. 2005/1 (“IC 2005/1”) in respect of three
complaints made against the Appellant.

2 The complaints made against the Appellant were as follows:

(a)

The first complaint was by Ms Eileen Tan Hui Kim to the Board on 1 July 2004
concerning allegedly questionable medical treatment rendered by the Appellant
on her late father (“the Patient”) at the Appellant’s clinic in Johor Baru,
Malaysia (“the Johor Clinic”). In addition, the first complaint also dealt
with the Appellant’s conduct in allegedly shouting and yelling at her late
father’s relatives during the treatment.

(b)

The second complaint was submitted by the Health Sciences Authority (“HSA”) on
5 January 2007 in respect of the Appellant’s conviction under section 5 of the
Poisons Act (Cap 234) for possessing scheduled poisons for sale without a
valid licence. The Appellant faced seven charges but the HSA proceeded on four
out of the seven charges, with the remaining three charges taken into
consideration for sentencing. The Appellant pleaded guilty and was convicted
and fined a total of $10,000.

(c)

The third complaint was made by the Board on 10 August 2007 in respect of the
Appellant’s failure to keep proper and accurate medical records of the
Patient’s treatment at the Appellant’s Rochor Clinic in Singapore as required
under Regulation 3 of the Traditional Chinese Medicine Practitioners
(Practice, Conduct and Ethics) Regulations (Cap. 333A, Section 14(4)).

3 The findings of IC 2005/1 were:

(a)

in respect of the first complaint, the Appellant had performed improper
treatment on the Patient and was guilty of professional misconduct under
section 19(1)(i) of the Traditional Chinese Medicine Practitioners Act (Cap.
333A) (“the TCM Act”). The allegations concerning the Appellant’s rude
behaviour were not made out.

(b)

for the second complaint, the Appellant’s conviction under the Poisons Act
implied a defect in character which rendered him unfit to practise under
section 19(1)(h) of the TCM Act because he had prescribed medicines other than
TCM medicines to his patients and deliberately flouted the law by possessing
the scheduled poisons for sale, thereby endangering the welfare and safety of
patients and members of the public.

(c)

concerning the third complaint, the Appellant had admitted during the inquiry
hearing that he did not keep proper records of the Patient’s treatment at the
Rochor Clinic and such conduct fell within section 19(1)(f) of the TCM Act.

4 In the light of its findings, IC 2005/1, in a report dated 28 January 2008
(“the Report”), recommended that the Appellant’s registration as a TCM
practitioner be cancelled. The Board informed the Appellant of its inclination
to accept IC 2005/1’s recommendations and invited him to make representations
before it on 28 February 2008. After that hearing, on 19 March 2008, the Board
informed the Appellant that it was exercising its power under section 19(1) of
the TCM Act to cancel his registration as a TCM practitioner.

The appeal

5 The Appellant, who is also a TCM practitioner in Malaysia, accepted the
decision of the Board in agreeing with IC 2005/1’s findings in respect of the
second and third complaints. However, being dissatisfied with the Board’s
decision to accept IC 2005/1’s findings on the first complaint and with the
Board’s decision to cancel his registration as a TCM practitioner, the
Appellant filed this appeal on the following grounds:

(a)

The Board erred in taking into account the Appellant’s treatment of the
Patient at the Johor Clinic in determining if he was guilty of professional
misconduct under section 19(1)(i) of the TCM Act;

(b)

The Board erred in finding that the Appellant’s treatment of the Patient at
the Johor Clinic was against TCM practice and that it amounted to professional
misconduct under section 19(1)(i) of the TCM Act; and

(c)

The Board’s decision to cancel the Appellant’s registration as a TCM
practitioner was manifestly excessive punishment and he should have been fined
or suspended instead.

The facts

6 As the grounds of the Appellant’s appeal relate to the Board’s findings with
regards to the first complaint, I shall start by stating some of the salient
facts concerning the Appellant’s treatment of the Patient at the Johor Clinic.

7 Essentially, the Patient had been diagnosed with terminal rectal cancer in
late 2002 and was being treated by doctors from the Singapore General
Hospital. In 2003, these doctors indicated to the Patient and his family that
he had only three more months to live.

8 In January 2004, the Patient’s family approached the Appellant at his Rochor
Clinic located at Block 1 Rochor Road, #02-528 Rochor Centre, Singapore 180001
to seek alternative treatment in order to prolong the Patient’s life and to
relieve the symptoms of his illness. The Appellant agreed to provide medical
services to the Patient.

9 Sometime in 2004, the Appellant informed the Patient and his family that he
also operated a clinic in Johor and that he had certain special equipment
there that might be able to help the Patient. The Patient agreed to go to the
Johor clinic for treatment.

10 On the occasions when the Patient was treated by the Appellant at the Johor
Clinic, the Appellant performed the following treatments on him:

(a)

On or around March 24 2004, the Appellant applied some form of soft gelatin on
the Patient’s stomach. He then used an ultra sound therapy machine to sweep
over the Patient’s stomach.

(b)

The Patient’s family members testified that the Appellant administered certain
injections on the Patient on multiple occasions, including once at the Johor
Clinic on 13 May 2004. . Although the Appellant denied having administered
these injections, large quantities of syringes and needles were found in the
Rochor clinic when a joint inspection was done by the Board with HSA officers
on 25 February 2005.

(c)

On or around 4 June 2004, the Appellant used an “electro-thermal needle”
machine (“the “Machine’) on the Patient. This consisted of a machine heated
needle that was inserted into the Patient’s tumour area.

Should the Board take into account the Appellant’s treatment of the Patient at
the Johor Clinic

11 Section 19(1) and (2) of the TCM Act state:

(1)

The Board may cancel the registration of a registered person if the Board is
satisfied that he –

(a)

has obtained his registration by a fraudulent or incorrect statement;

(b)

has had any of his qualifications by virtue of which he was registered
withdrawn or cancelled by the authority through which it was acquired or by
which it was awarded;

(c)

has had his registration in any other country for the practice of traditional
Chinese medicine, or for the prescribed practice of traditional Chinese
medicine to which the registration relates, withdrawn, suspended or cancelled;

(d)

has ceased to carry on the prescribed practice of traditional Chinese medicine
for which he is registered;

(e)

has failed to comply with any condition to which his registration is subject;

(f)

has contravened any regulation made under this Act relating to the practice
and conduct of registered persons that applies to him;

(g)

has been convicted of an offence in Singapore or elsewhere involving fraud or
dishonesty;

(h)

has been convicted of an offence in Singapore or elsewhere implying a defect
in character which renders him unfit to remain on the Register;

(i)

has been guilty of any professional misconduct or negligence;

(j)

has been guilty of any improper act or conduct which renders him unfit to
remain on the Register; or

(k)

is unable to carry out the prescribed practice of traditional Chinese medicine
for which he is registered safely or effectively by reason of mental or
physical disability.

(2)

Where a registered person is liable to have his registration cancelled on any
of the grounds referred to in subsection (1)(e) to (k), the Board may, instead
of cancelling his registration, take one or more of the following measures:

(a)

caution or censure him;

(b)

impose on him a penalty not exceeding $10,000;

(c)

order that his registration be subject to such conditions as may be imposed by
the Board for a period not exceeding three years;

(d)

suspend his registration for a period not exceeding three years.

There is nothing in section 19(1)(i) indicating whether the phrase
“professional misconduct or negligence” is confined to acts committed within
Singapore by a TCM practitioner.

12 Accordingly, the point of contention between the parties was whether
section 19(1) of the TCM Act allows the Board to take into account the
Appellant’s treatment of the Patient at the Johor Clinic for the purposes of
determining whether he was guilty of professional misconduct. Due to the
significance of this determination for future cases under section 19(1)(i) of
the TCM Act and for disciplinary tribunals constituted under other Acts where
similar wording appears, Ms Koh Swee Yen (“Ms Koh”) was invited as _amicus
curiae_ to make submissions on this specific issue.

The parties’ submissions

13 The essence of the Appellant’s submissions was that section 19(1)(i) of the
TCM Act did not apply to acts committed by a TCM practitioner outside
Singapore. In support of this, he invoked the following arguments.

(a)

It is a well known principle of statutory interpretation that a statute is not
to be interpreted as having extra-territorial effect unless the statute
expressly so provides (I shall henceforth refer to this as the “presumption
against extra-territoriality”). There is no express provision in section
19(1)(i) of the TCM Act that provides for extra-territorial effect.

(b)

Furthermore, section 19(1)(c), (g) and (h) of the TCM Act contain phrases such
as “in any other country” and “in Singapore or elsewhere”, indicating that
Parliament expressly intended for these subsections to have extra-territorial
effect. The lack of similar phrases in section 19(1)(i) shows that Parliament
did not intend for it to have extra-territorial effect.

14 Predictably, the Respondent made the opposite submission that section
19(1)(i) of the TCM Act applied to acts committed by the Appellant outside
Singapore. It raised the following arguments in support of this proposition:

(a)

Section 9A(1) of the Interpretation Act (Cap. 1, 2002 Rev Ed) (“Interpretation
Act”) requires the court to interpret a statute in a way that would promote
its underlying purpose.

(b)

The primary purpose of the Act, as evinced by the record of Parliamentary
proceedings relating to the Act, was to regulate the standard of TCM practice
in order to ensure the safety and well being of patients in Singapore. This
purpose would be frustrated if a TCM practitioner could escape disciplinary
action simply by treating his patients in a nearby overseas jurisdiction.

(c)

The Appellant had treated the Patient in his capacity as a TCM practitioner
registered with the Board. Hence, the Board’s power to regulate his activities
remains unfettered regardless of where the Appellant chose to treat the
Patient.

(d)

Courts in other jurisdictions have taken the view that statutes, under which
disciplinary tribunals are constituted to investigate instances of
professional misconduct, should be interpreted in a way that allows these
tribunals to consider misconduct occurring in a foreign jurisdiction.

(e)

Many disciplinary tribunals in Singapore have taken into consideration acts
committed by a member in a foreign jurisdiction.

15 The position taken by Ms Koh was similar to that of the Respondent.
However, Ms Koh also challenged the very application of the presumption
against extra-territoriality to section 19(1)(i) of the TCM Act. Her arguments
were as follows:

(a)

The presumption against extra-territoriality applied only to offence creating
statutes. This presumption did not apply to section 19(1)(i) of the TCM Act
because that section is not an offence creating statute but simply confers
upon the Board the disciplinary power to determine whether a person should be
permitted to remain as a registered TCM practitioner in Singapore.

(b)

Once the presumption against extra-territoriality was out of the picture, it
became clear that the purpose of section 19(1)(i) of the TCM Act could only be
served by allowing the Board to take into consideration acts committed by a
registered TCM practitioner in his capacity as such, even if those acts were
committed in a foreign jurisdiction.

General comments

16 Before I proceed with the substantive analysis, I would just make some
comments regarding the presumption against extra-territoriality.

17 My first comment relates to Ms Koh’s submissions that the presumption
against extra-territoriality applies only to “offence creating” statutes and
that there is no such presumption when the statute in question is not an
“offence creating” one. In support of this proposition, she cited the case of
_Public Prosecutor v Pong Tek Yin_ [1990] 1 SLR(R) 543, where the court held
at [16] that:

The question is one of construction, and in construing that section it must be
borne in mind that there is a well-established presumption that in the absence
of clear and specific words to the effect a statute which creates an offence
is not intended to make an act taking place outside the territorial
jurisdiction of the country an offence triable in the courts here: _Air-India
v Wiggins_ [1980] 2 All ER 593.

18 While Ms Koh’s argument is an attractive one, it may not be easy to
determine whether a particular law is an offence creating statute or not.
Virtually every law that purports to regulate behaviour provides for a penalty
(either a fine or a jail sentence) in the event that it is breached. For
example, in _Mackinnon v Donaldson Lufkin & Jenrette Securities Corp_ [1986]
Ch. 482, Hoffman J invoked the presumption against extra-territoriality in
refusing to interpret section 7 of the Bankers’ Books Evidence Act 1879 (UK)
(c.11), which allowed a court to order the inspection of entries in a banker’s
book, as having extra-territorial effect (at 493). Although the said section 7
did not explicitly make a party’s refusal to comply with a court inspection
order a criminal offence, such refusal would certainly have been regarded as
contempt of court and would have attracted a fine or even a jail sentence. In
this sense, every statutory instrument can be regarded as an “offence
creating” statute by virtue of the state’s exercise of its coercive power in
enforcing it. In this case, section 19 of the TCM Act relies primarily on the
Board’s power to cancel a practitioner’s registration to ensure compliance
with its rules. At first glance, this may seem to be a “non offence” because
the penalty of cancellation of registration is different from traditional
criminal penalties like a fine or a jail sentence. However, section 19(2)(b)
of the TCM Act also allows the Board to impose a penalty of up to $10,000 in
lieu of such deregistration. Although the TCM Act refers to it as a “penalty”
and not a fine and section 19(4) provides that this penalty is recoverable “as
a debt due to the Board”, it is difficult to see how this penalty differs
conceptually from a fine in its effect.

19 The definition of an “offence creating’ statute may be narrowed by making
references to traditional notions of what constitutes a crime. Yet even this
path is fraught with difficulty. As many academics have pointed out, there is
no clear definition of what constitutes a crime (e.g. G. Williams, ‘The
Definition of Crime’ (1955) _Current Legal Problems_ 107, at 130; A. Simester
and G. Sullivan, _Criminal Law: Theory and Doctrine_ (Oxford: Oxford
University Press, 3rd edition, 2007), at 3-4.)). The concept of crime can be
defined in many ways. One way is to define it to mean all activities that are
prohibited by the state and which are enforced by penalties imposed directly
by it. Another way to define it is by looking at factors such as the type of
proceedings that are brought to enforce it, the type of evidence that can be
adduced and the burden of proof that is required. In the absence of any
consensus as to what exactly is an “offence creating” statute, I shall proceed
on the basis that there is a presumption against extra-territoriality in the
construction of all statutes.

20 Secondly, the cases dealing with the presumption against extra-
territoriality tend to do so in a way that suggests that there is a strict
dichotomy between laws with extra-territorial effect and laws that do not. Of
course, reality is more complex than that and it is probably more accurate to
speak of degrees of extra-territoriality than to think of extra-territoriality
as a discrete category. For example, a law that affects the actions of
foreigners in a foreign jurisdiction is clearly more “extra-territorial” than
one which only seeks to control the actions of a country’s citizens in a
foreign jurisdiction, although both can be regarded as having some form of
extra-territorial effect. In so far as the presumption against extra-
territoriality is based on a hypothetical legislative concern about the
problems that extra-territorial effect may create, the strength of the
presumption may vary depending on the extent to which extra-territorial effect
is claimed, since a law with lesser extra-territorial effect can be expected
to present lesser problems.

21 Thirdly, counsel for the Respondent and Ms Koh have cited many cases where
the acts of professionals in foreign jurisdictions were taken into
consideration in disciplinary proceedings. Strictly speaking, these cases are
not of direct relevance to the question of whether section 19(1)(i) of the TCM
Act should be construed as having extra-territorial effect since they were
based on the interpretation of different statutory instruments. However,
insofar as the courts had, in these cases, identified the purpose which the
statutes were meant to serve and determined that those purposes could only be
fulfilled by interpreting the statutes to have some degree of extra-
territorial effect, they provide helpful guidance as to the degree of extra-
territorial effect that is required to achieve a certain purpose.

Purpose, enforceability and comity

22 Section 9A of the Interpretation Act requires the court to interpret a
written law in a way that would promote the purpose or object underlying the
written law. One of the ways to determine the underlying purpose or object of
a statute is by looking at the Parliamentary debates. During the second
reading of the Traditional Chinese Medicine Practitioners Bill on 14 November
2000 (Singapore Parliament Debates, Official Report (14 November 2000), Volume
72, sitting number 11), the Parliamentary Secretary to the Minister for
Health, Mr Chan Soo Sen, informed Parliament that:

In July 1994, the Ministry of Health appointed a Committee to look into the
regulation of TCM. The Committee recommended a phased approach, (ie a step by
step approach) to the regulation of TCM practitioners in order **_to safeguard
patients’ interest and safety, as well as to enhance the standard of training
and professionalism of TCM practitioners in Singapore_** …

…

[S]tatutory regulation of TCM practice is necessary **_to safeguard patients’
interest and safety_**. We have to ensure that TCM practitioners are properly
trained and qualified before they are allowed to practise. There should also
be a framework to raise the professional standard of TCM practitioners in
Singapore…

(emphasis added]

23 It is clear from the above that the overriding purpose of the TCM Act is to
ensure the safety and well being of patients by ensuring a minimum standard of
professionalism among the TCM practitioners. The legislative intent of the TCM
Act is reinforced by the Ethical Code and Ethical Guidelines for TCMP (January
2006) (“Ethical Code”), which provides at page 5 that:

This “Ethical Code and Ethical Guidelines for TCM Practitioners” represents
the fundamental tenets of conduct and behaviour expected of TCM practitioners
practising in Singapore, and elaborates on their applications. They are
intended as a guide to all TCM practitioners as to what the Board regards as
the minimum standards required of all TCM practitioners in the discharge of
their professional duties and responsibilities in the practice of TCM in
Singapore.

In fairness, the Ethical Code does mention “practising _in Singapore_ ” and
“the practice of TCM _in Singapore_ ”, thus implying that it accepts the
presumption against extra-territoriality.

24 Having determined the purpose of the TCM Act, the next step is to select an
interpretation of section 19(1)(i) of the TCM Act that would best serve that
purpose. In doing this, it is important to remember that the number of ways
which a statute can be interpreted depends on the number of factors which the
interpreter regards as being legally significant. Hence, if a court finds that
a statute ought to be interpreted as having extra-territorial effect in a
particular factual situation, it should also highlight the legally significant
factors that form the basis for its decision.

25 A survey of the cases suggests that there are two main problems associated
with interpreting a statute to have extra-territorial effect. The first is the
problem of enforceability while the second is that of comity among nations. In
_Parno v SC Marine Pte Ltd_ [1999] 3 SLR(R) 377, the Court of Appeal held at
[41] that Parliament could not have intended the provisions of the now defunct
Factories Act (Cap 104, Rev Ed 1998) to apply to factories abroad because:

…enforcement of the Act would be impossible without infringing on the
sovereignty of another state, let alone the practical difficulties associated
with such enforcement worldwide. The main object of the Act is clearly to
protect and ensure the safety of the many workmen who work on industrial
premises in Singapore. To hold that the Factories Act is applicable to the
case at hand, when there is no doubt that the _Sumpile 8_ was at the material
time within the territorial waters of Myanmar, would be to intrude into the
jurisdiction of another state.

26 The Court in _Carson v Secretary of State for Work and Pensions_ [2002] 3
All E.R. 994 explained the rationale behind the presumption against extra-
territoriality in terms of enforceability and comity thus:

The comity of nations is doubtless one basis for this presumption: one state
should not be taken to interfere with the sovereignty of another state by
enacting legislation extending to its territory. Another is practicality: most
legislation cannot practically be applied to those present in another state.

27 As mentioned at [20] above, there are different degrees of extra-
territoriality and correspondingly varying degrees of problems with
enforcement and comity issues. The question of enforcement is essentially a
practical one and depends largely on whether the penalty that is sought to be
imposed on the party who has infringed the statute can be done so effectively.
Where the party against whom enforcement is sought has substantial links to
the domestic jurisdiction (either because he is a citizen of that jurisdiction
or has substantial property there), enforcement is more likely to be more
successful. Finally, to use an example that is more relevant to the case at
hand, where the penalty sought to be imposed involves the cancellation of a
licence that allows the infringer to engage in some regulated activity in the
domestic jurisdiction, there is certainty of successful enforcement for
obvious reasons. This probably explains why many courts in different
jurisdictions have been willing to find that disciplinary tribunals are
entitled to consider the acts of their members that were committed overseas
when determining if disciplinary action should be taken against them. (See
_Marinovich v General Medical Council_ [2002] UKPC 36; _Re Legault and Law
Society of Upper Canada_ (1975) 58 DLR (3D) 641; _Ewachniuk v Law Society
(British Columbia)_ [1998] Carswell BC 358].

28 Comity is a more controversial concept. Unlike enforceability which is
usually a pure question of fact, the idea of comity is affected both by
customary international law and legal history. For example, the interpretation
of a statute to cover acts committed by a country’s nationals in a foreign
jurisdiction is regarded as less harmful to comity than if that statute were
interpreted to cover acts committed by foreigners in that foreign
jurisdiction. This is so despite the fact that in both situations, the state
is seeking to punish an individual for acts committed in a foreign
jurisdiction. The reason is probably because historically, law was regarded as
personal and it was only until the advent of the territorial state that it
became more fixed to the territory over which the state had effective control
(Brierley, James L., ‘The Lotus Case’, _Law Quarterly Review_ 44 (1928):
155-156). Furthermore, states do claim some form of jurisdiction over acts
committed by their citizens in foreign jurisdictions (see for example, section
8A of the Misuse of Drugs Act (Cap. 185, 2008 Rev Ed) and section 37 of the
Prevention of Corruption Act (Cap. 241, 1993 Rev Ed)).

29 Both Ms Koh and counsel for the Respondent have cited the case of _Re Wong
Sin Yee_ [2007] 4 SLR(R) 676 to show that a statute should be interpreted as
having extra-territorial effect if doing so would serve its underlying
purpose. In that case, the High Court had to determine whether section 30 of
the Criminal Law (Temporary Provisions) Act (Cap. 67, 2000 Rev Ed) (“CLTPA”),
which allows the Home Affairs Minister to detain individuals without trial for
up to 12 months, could be used to authorize the detention of a person for
criminal activities committed outside Singapore. The detainee relied on the
presumption against extra-territoriality to support his case for a narrow
interpretation of section 30 of the CLTPA.

30 The detainee’s argument was rejected by Tan Lee Meng J who held that
section 30 of the CLTPA allowed the Minister to take into consideration
activities committed outside Singapore in determining whether the detention
order was required in the interests of public safety, peace and good order in
Singapore. He stated, at [21]:

While the Minister must be satisfied that a detention order is required in the
interests of public safety, peace and good order in Singapore, it does not
follow that the threat to public safety, peace and good order must result from
criminal activities in Singapore. Otherwise, a person who is believed to be a
threat to public safety, peace and good order in Singapore because of his
criminal activities abroad must be given some time to become involved in
criminal activities in Singapore before he can be detained under s 30 of the
CLTPA. The applicant's first ground for challenging the Detention Order thus
fails.

No doubt this decision was fully justified because of the obvious purpose of
the CLTPA. However, it is worth mentioning that the detainee in that case was
a Singaporean, hence the abovementioned problems of enforcement and comity did
not feature there.

31 Accordingly, I find that the question of whether a statute should be
interpreted as having any degree of extra-territorial effect depends on the
extent to which its purpose would be served by such an interpretation and
whether this interpretation would result in problems relating to enforcement
and international comity.

Analysis

32 Having regard to the fact that the overriding purpose of the TCM act is to
ensure the safety and well being of patients by ensuring a minimum standard of
professionalism among TCM practitioners, I must now choose an interpretation
of section 19(1)(i) that will best achieve this purpose.

33 I accept the Board’s submission that to hold that section 19(1)(i) of the
TCM Act does not apply in the present case would undermine its underlying
purpose. Registered TCM practitioners who wish to perform unauthorized and
possibly unsafe treatments on their patients will have a ready mechanism: they
can simply cross the Causeway and perform those treatments there with seeming
impunity. This is a loophole that cannot be accepted. Accordingly, an
interpretation of section 19(1)(i) of the TCM Act that covers the facts of the
present case would better serve its underlying purpose.

34 What are the legally significant factors that form the basis of this
decision? In this respect, the case of _Re Linus Joseph_ [1990] 2 SLR(R) 12 (“
_Re Linus Joseph_ ”) provides useful guidance. In that case, the defendant was
an advocate and solicitor of both the Singapore bar and the Brunei bar. The
defendant had allegedly dishonestly withheld professional fees from his
employers, a Brunei firm of advocates and solicitors, whilst in the employment
of that firm in Brunei. The issue in that case was whether the Disciplinary
Committee could take this alleged misconduct into consideration when
determining whether the defendant was guilty of grossly improper conduct under
section 80(2)(_b_) of the Legal Profession Act (Cap 161, 1985 Rev Ed).

35 The Court held that the words “guilty of fraudulent or grossly improper
misconduct in the discharge of his professional duty” under section 80(2)(_b_)
of the Legal Profession Act referred to the discharge of a solicitor’s duty in
his capacity as an advocate or solicitor of the Supreme Court of Singapore.
Since it was clear that the defendant’s acts had been committed in his
capacity as a Brunei solicitor, they did not fall within section 80(2)(_b_) of
the Legal Profession Act. More significantly, the Court considered that if a
solicitor had acted improperly in his capacity as a Singapore solicitor, such
conduct would fall under section 80(2)(_b_) of the Legal Profession Act
notwithstanding that it took place in a foreign jurisdiction.

36 The Court in _Re Linus Joseph_ chose the capacity in which the defendant
solicitor acted as the legally significant factor for determining the
jurisdictional ambit of section 80(2)(_b_) of the Legal Profession Act. In my
opinion, an interpretation of section 19(1)(i) of the TCM Act to cover all
sorts of professional misconduct committed by a registered practitioner in his
capacity as such, regardless of where those acts were committed, best serves
the underlying purpose of the TCM Act and does not result in an overreaching
effect.

37 This interpretation will not create any substantial problem with
enforcement or comity. As mentioned above at [27], there is unlikely to be any
problem with the enforcement of statutes relating to professional disciplinary
bodies regardless of the extent of extra-territorial effect that is claimed
because the mode of enforcement (i.e., the cancellation of registration) is
one that can be effected easily.

38 Neither will there be comity problems if the basis of the jurisdiction
under section 19(1)(i) of the TCM Act is linked to the TCM practitioner acting
in his capacity as a Singapore registered practitioner. After all, the
cancellation of the practitioner’s registered status only prevents him from
practising TCM in Singapore. He is still free to practise TCM in other
jurisdictions. Hence, the foreign jurisdictions’ power to regulate the type of
treatments that may be performed within their territory is unaffected.
Furthermore, jurisdiction that is linked to the capacity in which the TCM
practitioner acts is quite similar to the type of nationality-based
jurisdiction mentioned in paragraph [28] above. Just as nationality-based
jurisdiction is justified on the ground that a citizen who enjoys the
protection of his state should accept the restrictions imposed on him, the
jurisdiction of section 19(1)(i) of the TCM Act extends to a TCM practitioner
whenever he conducts himself as a Singapore registered TCM practitioner.

39 According, I find that section 19(1)(i) of the TCM Act extends to a TCM
practitioner whenever and wherever he conducts himself as a Singapore
registered TCM practitioner.

40 It is not disputed that the Appellant had met the patient in his Singapore
Rochor Clinic and was treating him in his capacity as a Singapore registered
TCM practitioner. Neither is there any doubt that when the Appellant performed
the treatment on the patient at the Johor clinic, he was doing so in that same
capacity. Accordingly, the Board was right in taking into account these acts
when considering whether the Appellant was guilty of a charge under section
19(1)(i) of the TCM Act.

41 Although I have held that section 19(1)(i) of the TCM Act applies whenever
a person acts in his capacity as a Singapore registered TCM practitioner, this
does not necessarily mean that everything he commits outside of his capacity
as a Singapore registered TCM practitioner cannot be taken into consideration
under another provision of the TCM Act. It bears noting that in _Re Linus
Joseph_ , the Court expressly left open the question of whether the
defendant’s conduct would have rendered him liable to disciplinary proceedings
under a different provision in the Legal Profession Act. Using the same
reasoning set out earlier for section 19(1)(i), it may be difficult to argue
that section 19(1)(j) of the TCM Act should not be interpreted to include
improper acts or conduct committed by a TCM practitioner anywhere outside of
his capacity as a Singapore registered TCM practitioner.

Did the Board err in finding that the Appellant’s treatment of the Patient at
the Johor Clinic was against TCM practice and amounted to professional
misconduct under section 19(1)(i) of the TCM Act?

42 In his second ground of appeal, the Appellant alleged that the Board erred
in its decision that the administration of injections and the use of the
Machine on the Patient were not established TCM practice. The basis of this
allegation is that no expert witnesses were called to ascertain whether or not
such practices were established TCM practice.

Established TCM practice

43 Section 2 of the TCM Act defines “practice of traditional Chinese medicine”
as meaning the various acts or activities set out in the definition and
“prescribed practice of traditional Chinese medicine” as any type of practice
of TCM that has been declared as such prescribed practice by the Minister
under section 14(1). The TCM Act does not state that a failure by any TCM
practitioner to adhere to established TCM practice amounts to professional
misconduct or negligence under section 19(1)(i). According, questions such as
whether a particular practice amounts to established TCM practice and whether
a failure to adhere to established TCM practice amounts to professional
misconduct can only be answered by referring to the particular norms of TCM as
well as general legal principles.

44 The Ethical Code is a helpful starting point for this inquiry. Paragraph
(e) at section 4.1.1 of the Ethical Code states that:

A TCM practitioner shall only **_use appropriate and generally accepted
methods of TCM treatment when attending to his patient_**. He shall not use
unorthodox TCM treatment or any treatment that may tarnish the reputation of
the TCM profession. Where a TCM practitioner has any doubt as to whether any
treatment is unorthodox or may tarnish the reputation of the TCM profession,
the TCM practitioner shall obtain clarifications from the Board in writing
before proceeding with such treatment.

45 Accordingly, a TCM practitioner’s failure to use appropriate and generally
accepted methods of TCM treatment would be a breach of the Ethical Code and
may amount to professional misconduct or negligence. In addition, the Ethical
Code also suggests that the question whether a particular practice is an
established TCM practice depends on whether the treatment is generally
accepted as an appropriate treatment for a particular ailment. The purpose of
ensuring that TCM practitioners use only established TCM treatments to treat
their patients is no doubt to ensure that patients do not suffer the
unpredictable effects of unorthodox treatments.

46 In _Gobinathan Devathasan v Singapore Medical Coucil_ [2010] SGHC 51 (“
_Devathasa”_), the Court of three Judges had the opportunity to decide how a
tribunal should determine whether a particular medical practice was a
generally accepted one. It accepted (at [46]) the expert witnesses’ testimony
that the following factors were essential:

(a)

there had to be at least “one good study”;

(b)

the results of the study can be replicated and reproduced under the same sort
of like treatment parameters and conditions;

(c)

the study had been written up in publications and presented at meetings;

(d)

the study had received peer review;

(e)

the study had to have “clear-cut results” and the sample had to be
“statistically significant”; and

(f)

the study had to have some form of controls, such as randomised double-blind
trials.

47 In my opinion, the requirements that have to be satisfied in order for a
medical practice to be an accepted one should not be transplanted wholesale to
TCM practice. There are distinctions between the medical profession and the
TCM profession and it may be unfair to judge them according to a single
standard. While medical advances are usually subject to intensive clinical
trials and heavily documented in medical journals, TCM practices are often
developed through experience and shared through more informal settings. This
is not to suggest, of course, that TCM is in any way inferior to general
medical treatment. Ultimately, the question whether a particular TCM practice
is an established one is a purely factual question and depends substantially
on how generally accepted it is among the TCM practitioners in Singapore and
elsewhere.

48 The Court in _Devathasan_ also set out how the burden of proof should be
discharged where a medical professional was charged with having given
treatment that was not generally accepted by the medical profession as a form
of clinical treatment. Essentially, the Disciplinary Council bore the burden
of showing that the particular practice was not generally accepted by the
medical profession as a form of clinical treatment. However, this fact merely
created a presumption that the treatment, because of its lack of general
acceptance, was not appropriate. The medical professional in question could
still defend himself by showing some evidence that the treatment may do some
good but will do no harm to the patient. As the Court held at [62]:

[W]here the charge is for inappropriate treatment because that treatment is
not indicated for that condition and not generally accepted by the profession,
then the _evidential_ burden is on the defending doctor to prove that safety
of the patient is a reason to negative an assumption of inappropriate
treatment on the analogy of “off-label” treatment. We are of the opinion that
where a doctor embarks on a treatment that is not indicated or generally
accepted in the profession, but the doctor is of the view that his novel
treatment may do some good, but will do no harm to the patient, placing such a
burden on him to establish that no harm will come to that patient strikes a
correct balance between two important considerations in medicine, _viz_ ,
promoting innovation and progress, provided that the patient’s well-being is
not compromised.

49 The Court’s approach in _Devathasan_ strikes a proper balance between the
promotion of scientific progress in medicine and the protection of the
patient’s well being. This approach should also be used in determining whether
a particular TCM practice is an appropriate and generally accepted one.

The injections

50 The Board found that the Appellant had administered injections on the
Patient on multiple occasions. This finding of fact was based on witness
testimony from the family members of the Patient to the effect that they saw
the Appellant inject clear and red fluids into the Patient’s body. The fact
that large amounts of syringes and needles were discovered at the Appellant’s
Rochor Clinic during a joint inspection by the Board and HSA also provided
strong circumstantial evidence that the Appellant had the practice of
administering injections on his patients. The Appellant’s attempts to explain
the presence of these needles and syringes in his Rochor Clinic were not
credible and were unsupported by any evidence. In the light of this, I could
see no reason to disagree with the Board’s finding of fact that the Appellant
did administer injections on the Patient.

51 There is no doubt that the Appellant’s administration of injections was
contrary to established TCM practice. Indeed, as Counsel for the Board
correctly pointed out, the Appellant himself had admitted in his Affidavit of
Evidence In Chief (“AEIC”) that TCM practitioners were not allowed to
administer injections on patients. The Appellant stated at paragraph 97 of his
AEIC:

I am a qualified TCM practitioner and was in the first batch of accredited
acupuncturists and TCM physicians in Singapore. I am aware of what falls
within the scope of my role as a TCM practitioner and am fully aware that I am
not trained to administer injections.

52 Having regard to the Appellant’s own admission that he was not trained to
administer injections, there was no need for the Board to call expert
witnesses to testify on this issue. Accordingly, the Board was fully justified
in finding that the Appellant’s acts of administering injections on the
Patient amounted to a breach of the Ethical Code and constituted professional
misconduct under section 19(1)(i) of the TCM Act.

The use of Machine on the Patient

53 With respect to the Appellant’s use of the Machine on the Patient to cure
or alleviate his rectum cancer, IC 2005/1 found that this treatment was not in
accordance with established TCM practice. The Appellant’s argument that IC
2005/1 should not have come to this conclusion without the aid of expert
evidence is not correct. It is well established that expert evidence is only
required if the tribunal is unable to come to its conclusion without the aid
of specialized knowledge. In _Chou Kooi Pang and another v Public Prosecutor_
[1998] 3 SLR(R), the Court of Appeal held at [16]

[I]t is well established that **_expert opinion is only admissible to furnish
the court with scientific information which is likely to be outside the
experience and knowledge of a judge_**. If, on the proven facts, a judge can
form his own conclusions without help, the opinion of an expert is
unnecessary: _Regina v Turner (Terence)_ [1975] QB 834. Thus, a psychiatrist's
evidence was held inadmissible where its purpose was, in effect, to tell a
jury how an ordinary person, not suffering from any mental illness, was likely
to react to the strains and stresses of life: _R v Weightman_ (1991) 92 Cr App
R 291. In _R v Masih_ [1986] Crim LR 395, the court expressed the view that in
the case of an IQ which, though low, was within the range of normality as
understood by psychologists, the adducing of expert evidence was not justified

54 In this case, most of the members of the investigation committee in IC
2005/1 were experienced TCM practitioners. Mr Ng Cheong Kim, the Chairman of
the tribunal, and Mr Ang Liang, a member, had 31 years of practice experience
each. Two other members, Mr Chew Wee Heong and Ms Tan Siew Buoy, had 29 and 28
years of practice experience respectively. The fifth member was not a TCM
practitioner. The 4 TCM practitioner members were undoubtedly experts in TCM
practice. I therefore doubt the utility of having an experienced TCM
practitioner testify to something which was already well within the experience
and knowledge of four out of five members of IC 2005/1. Under these
circumstances, IC 2005/1 was clearly justified in reaching the conclusion that
the Appellant’s use of the Machine on the Patient was not in accordance with
established TCM practice.

55 Under the principles propounded in _Devathasan_ , the Appellant could still
have justified his use of the Machine on the Patient by providing some
evidence to show that such treatment may do some good but will do no harm to
the patient. Unfortunately, the objective evidence suggested that the
Appellant himself had no idea what exactly the Machine could do for the
patient. In fact, he could not even say that the use of the Machine on the
Patient would not do any harm to him. During the inquiry, the Appellant
admitted that:

The machine is new. I don’t know the effectiveness of this machine. The main
feature is the needle when it is pierced in the tumour, it won’t burn but it
will be like a fire needle to burn the tumour away. So it would improve his
cancer symptoms and prolong his life.

When asked by IC 2005/1 whether he was aware of the consequences of using the
Machine, the Appellant answered that he had only seen and heard of the Machine
and was not sure of the consequences of using it.

56 It is therefore clear that the use of the Machine was not established TCM
practice and the Appellant’s use of the Machine on the Patient was against
established TCM practice and amounted to an act of professional misconduct.

Whether the Board’s decision to cancel the Appellant’s registration as a TCM
practitioner is manifestly excessive punishment

57 An appellate court that hears an appeal from the decision of a disciplinary
committee should afford a measure of deference to it. As Lord Hailsham stated
in _Julius Libman v General Medical Council_ [1972] AC 217 at 221, a finding
or order of the disciplinary committee should be not displaced:

... unless it can be shown that something was clearly wrong either (i) in the
conduct of the trial or (ii) in the legal principles applied or (iii) _unless
it can be shown that the findings of the committee were sufficiently out of
tune with the evidence to indicate with reasonable certainty that the evidence
had been misread_.

58 The reason for this deference lies in the fact that the disciplinary
committee has specialized knowledge of the seriousness of the particular act
of misconduct and is better placed than the appellate court in determining
what kind of measure is required to deal with it. Hence, Lord Millet held in
_Ghosh v General Medical Council_ [2001] 1 WLR 1915 at [34]:

In _Evans v General Medical Council_ (unreported) 19 November 1984 the Board
[of the Privy Council] said:

The principles upon which this Board acts in reviewing sentences passed by the
Professional Conduct Committee are well settled. It has been said time and
again that a disciplinary committee are the best possible people for weighing
the seriousness of professional misconduct, and that the Board will be very
slow to interfere with the exercise of the discretion of such a committee ...
The committee are familiar with the whole gradation of seriousness of the
cases of various types which come before them, and are peculiarly well
qualified to say at what point on that gradation erasure becomes the
appropriate sentence. This Board does not have that advantage nor can it have
the same capacity for judging what measures are from time to time required for
the purpose of maintaining professional standards.

59 These principles have been adopted by our Court of Appeal in _Low Cze Hong
v Singapore Medical Council_ [2008] 3 SLR(R) 612 (“ _Low Cze Hong_ ”) at [40]
to [43]. The present approach of the court is to give a measure of deference
to the decisions reached by a disciplinary committee but not in a way that
will effectively render nugatory the appellate powers granted to the court
under respective statutes. In _Low Cze Hong_ , the Court of Appeal indicated
that it would adopt the approach stated by Lord Phillips in Council for th _e
Regulation of Health Care Professionals v General Medical Council and
Ruscillo_ [2005] 1 WLR 717 (at [78]):

Where all material evidence has been placed before the disciplinary tribunal
and it has given due consideration to the relevant factors, the council and
the court should place weight on the expertise brought to bear in evaluating
how best the needs of the public and the profession should be protected.

60 When the appeal from the Disciplinary Committee’s decision concerns an
issue of sentencing, the appellate court is unlikely to overturn the sentence
unless there has been a misapprehension of facts, a misdirection of facts or
if the sentence is out of line with other precedents dealing with acts of
misconduct that are of equivalent severity: _Tan Sek Ho_ v _Singapore Dental
Board_ [1999] 2 SLR(R) 70; _Ho Paul v Singapore Medical Council_ [2008] 2
SLR(R) 780.

61 In the present case, IC 2005/1’s recommendation to cancel the Appellant’s
registration as a TCM practitioner was based on the three complaints against
him as stated at [2] above. While the Appellant’s prescription of medicines
that were not TCM medicines (under the second complaint) as well as his
failure to keep proper records of his patients (under the third complaint)
were serious, these acts might not have warranted a cancellation of his
registration as a TCM practitioner. However, the Appellant’s conduct in
respect of the first complaint was extremely serious because it reflected a
disregard of the Patient’s safety, as well as a deliberate intent to flout the
Ethical Code. The Appellant’s administration of injections on the Patient was
prohibited and could have caused serious consequences for the Patient. The
Appellant’s use of the Machine on the Patient also caused severe pain and
there was simply no evidence that this treatment had any beneficial effect on
the Patient at all despite the Appellant’s claim that it had prolonged the
Patient’s life. These two acts amounted to a high degree of professional
misconduct under section 19(1)(i) of the TCM Act.

62 In these circumstances, I am unable to say that IC 2005/1 and the Board
erred when they came to the conclusion that the cancellation of the
Appellant’s registration was the appropriate sanction on the facts.

63 Accordingly, I dismissed the appeal with costs. By virtue of section 19(5)
of the TCM Act, the cancellation of the Appellant’s registration took effect
from the date of my decision.

64 I would like to record my deep appreciation for the efforts put in by all
counsel involved in contacting other professional disciplinary bodies to
enquire about their experience concerning the issue of extra-territoriality
and for their immense assistance in presenting the arguments in a clear and
fair manner. I thank Ms Koh especially for having agreed to assist in this
appeal at short notice and for her clear and crisp thoughts on the issue
assigned to her as _amicus curiae_. I also thank the following professional
bodies for providing the information sought:

(a)

Law Society of Singapore;

(b)

Institute of Certified Public Accountants;

(c)

Singapore Medical Council;

(d)

Singapore Dental Council;

(e)

Singapore Pharmacy Council;

(f)

Singapore Nursing Board; and

(g)

Opticians and Optometrists Board.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 18 May 2010 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

