Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Max Media FZ LLC _v_ Nimbus Media Pte Ltd  
[2010] SGHC 30

Case Number| :| Suit No 804 of 2008  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 26 January 2010  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Andrew Ang J  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Fong Yeng Fatt Philip, Yang Ziliang and Sunil Nair(Harry
Elias Partnership) for the plaintiff; Chandra Mohan s/o Rethnam, Mabelle Tay
Jiahui and Chong Li Lian(Rajah & Tann LLP) for the defendant.  
Parties| :|  Max Media FZ LLC — Nimbus Media Pte Ltd  
  
26 January 2010| Judgment reserved.  
---|---  
  
Andrew Ang J:

Introduction

1 This is a claim by Max Media FZ LLC (“the plaintiff”) for the return of
money paid out under a bank guarantee (“the 1st BG”) to Nimbus Media Pte Ltd
(“the defendant”). The defendant resisted the claim on the ground that it was
entitled to keep the money drawn under the 1st BG pursuant to the parties’
agreement and counterclaimed against the plaintiff for damages arising from
the plaintiff’s breach of contract.

Background

The parties

2 The plaintiff is a sales and management agency operating in the Middle East
incorporated in the United Arab Emirates. It deals in television advertising
and broadcast sponsorship and is part of the Emirates Neon Group LLC of
companies. The defendant is a Singapore incorporated company in the business
of television programme production. Through an arrangement with Neo Sports
Broadcast Pvt Ltd (“Neo Sports”), an Indian company that broadcasts all
cricket matches played under the aegis of the Board of Control for Cricket in
India (“the BCCI”), the defendant acquired the rights to exhibit advertising
material during the transmission of cricket matches in Neo Sport’s Middle
Eastern television networks (“the advertising inventory”).

3 The following are the key persons involved in the present dispute:

(a) The plaintiff’s representatives – managing director, Muhammad Rehan
Merchant (“Mr Merchant”); head of Strategic Business Planning from the
Emirates Neon Group LLC, Akella Lakshminarayana (“Mr Akella”); and finance
manager, George Thomas (“Mr Thomas”).

(b) The defendant’s representatives – chief financial officer, Shah Umeet
Bharat (“Mr Shah”); the previous chief financial officer, Arvind Agrawal (“Mr
Agrawal”); senior vice-president of International Sales & Syndication, Mr
Vikram Das (“Mr Das”); and legal counsel, Mr Benedict Ball Laurence (“Mr
Ball”).

The Agreement

4 Sometime in April 2007, the defendant issued an Invitation To Tender (“the
ITT”) for the exclusive right to sell the advertising inventory it obtained
pursuant to its arrangement with Neo Sports. The ITT covered both
international and domestic cricket events. A schedule of specific
international cricket events, the BCCI International Cricket Series,
comprising 19 Test matches and 47 One Day International games that would be
broadcast by Neo Sports up to 2010 was included. A “Minimum Guarantee” sum was
attributable for each of these international events, although a pro rata
addition or subtraction was applicable if any specific matches were added or
taken off the schedule. Unlike the international events, no specific schedule
was provided for the BCCI Domestic Cricket Series, although there was an
“indicative listing of matches”. For the domestic events, a “Minimum
Guarantee” sum was attributable to each financial year from 2007 to 2010. The
ITT also stated that Neo Sports would be acquiring more properties for
distribution and provided an “Additional Matches Matrix” for the calculation
of the “Minimum Guarantee” applicable to new events acquired by Neo Sports
which were not in the original list.

5 The plaintiff won the bid and commenced negotiations over the terms of the
contract. Subsequently, the parties entered into an Advertising Sales Agency
agreement dated 18 April 2007 (“the Agreement”) under which the plaintiff was
appointed the exclusive sales agent for advertising inventory with respect to
cricket matches broadcast by Neo Sports Pte Ltd in the Middle East region for
a period of three years. In consideration, the defendant was promised the
Minimum Guaranteed amount of US$6,675,000 (cl 6.1.1) and any “incremental
Minimum Guarantee if applicable”. The ITT was included as Annexure 3 of the
Agreement. The specific event listing, the “Minimum Guarantee” amounts and the
“Additional Matches Matrix” were also separately included as Annexure 4 to the
Agreement. Separate timelines were stipulated for payment of international and
domestic events (see cl 6.1.1 below). The Agreement also provided for pro rata
increases or reductions in the Minimum Guaranteed amount should events be
cancelled or added (see cl 6.2). The Agreement was governed by English law
although it provided for Singapore as the forum. Other salient terms of the
Agreement were as follows:

6.1.1…

(a)In respect of payments for international Events (Tests and ODIs) payment
shall be due within seventy five (75) days of issuing the invoices to clients.
Invoices to the clients will be issued within 3 days from the date of
receiving the Telecast Certificates from [the defendant];

(b)In respect of domestic matches and other programming, payment shall be due
in twelve (12) Equal Monthly Instalments over the course of that contract year
as per the payment schedule set out in Annexure 4;

(c)In respect of all remaining payments, including for new or additional
events, and including additional payments after deduction of Commission, as
set out in Annexure 4, payment shall be due in accordance with [the
defendant]’s standard invoice terms and conditions, as per 6.1.1(a);

…

6.1.2To secure [the plaintiff’s] obligations in respect of the Minimum
Guaranteed amount, [the plaintiff] shall provide irrevocable and unconditional
Bank guarantees [in accordance with cll 6.1.2.1, 6.1.2.2 and 6.1.2.3 of the
Agreement].

6.1.2.1[The plaintiff] shall deliver to [the defendant], Bank Guarantee for
the aggregate attributable values for BCCI International cricket series and
other programming on the channel as set out in Annexure 4 for the 1st contract
year for USD2,475,000 (United States Dollars Two Million Four Hundred and
Seventy Five Thousand) on or before 23rd April 2007. This bank guarantee will
be valid for 1 year with the claim period thereafter of 3 months.

6.1.2.2[The plaintiff] shall deliver to [the defendant], Bank Guarantee for
the aggregate attributable values for BCCI International cricket series and
other programming on the channel as set out in Annexure 4 for the 2nd contract
year for USD2,050,000 (United States Dollars Two Million fifty thousand only)
on or before 15th March 2008. This bank guarantee will be valid for the period
1st April 2008 to 31st march [sic] 2009 with the claim period thereafter of 3
months.

...

6.1.3 _Time is of the essence in relation to [the plaintiff’s] payment
obligations as hereunder_. The bank guarantee in force from time to time (as
mentioned in bank guarantee with payment schedule attached to Annexure 4) may
be drawn upon by [the defendant] in accordance with its terms to make up the
full amount of each and every instalment of the Minimum Guaranteed amount due
from [the plaintiff] to [the defendant] which is not paid by the due date for
payment, in respect of that instalment. _[The defendant] shall be entitled to
draw upon and retain the full amount of the bank guarantee in force from time
to time in the event that [the plaintiff] misses three (3) payment dates over
the entire contract period. In such event, [the defendant] may also terminate
this Agreement forthwith upon written notice_.

…

6.3.4Time is of the essence in relation to [the plaintiff]’s payment
obligations hereunder.

…

9. **Termination**

9.1[The defendant] will be entitled to terminate this Agreement forthwith in
the event that [the plaintiff]:

9.1.1is materially or persistently in breach of its obligations hereunder,
non-exhaustive illustrations of which are failure to make any payment by the
due date (constituting a material breach) or 3 late payments beyond 15 days
from due date in the contract period (constituting a persistent breach) or

9.1.2does not comply with any of its obligations hereunder and fails to remedy
the defect(s) within 5 days following receipt of written notice from [the
defendant] specifying in what respect it has failed to comply or

…

9.1.6fails to provide a bank guarantee within the prescribed time;

…

[emphasis added]

6 I should add two things. First, the term “Telecast Certificates” was not
defined within the Agreement nor was its format specified. This is significant
because there was contention as to whether “stamped” Telecast Certificates,
_ie_ , Telecast Certificates containing the defendant’s letterhead and stamp,
were required (see below at [8]). Secondly, the draft version of cl 6.1.3
originally circulated to the plaintiff by the defendant did not contain the
words “and retain”; they were included during the course of the negotiations
over the terms by Mr Ball, the defendant’s legal counsel.

The events leading to the present dispute

7 Pursuant to cl 6.1.2.1 of the Agreement, the plaintiff’s parent company,
Emirates Neon Group LLC, provided the defendant with bank guarantee
PEB/GTY/0751888/B, _ie_ , the 1st BG dated 25 April 2007 for the sum of
US$2.5m to secure the plaintiff’s payment obligations in respect of the first
contract year. However, during the course of the first contract year, the
plaintiff was either late or had not made payment at all for the following
invoices:

S/No |  Invoice |  Due date |  Actual payment date |  Amount due  
---|---|---|---|---  
1 |  NMPL/2007/DIS/018 |  31 Oct 2007 |  16 Nov 2007 |  US$105,000  
2 |  NMPL/2007/DIS/048 |  31 Jan 2008 |  5 Feb 2008 |  US$25,000  
3 |  NMPL/2007/DIS/056 |  28 Feb 2008 |  25 Mar 2008 |  US$25,000  
4 |  NMPL/2007/DIS/057 |  28 Feb 2008 |  25 Mar 2008 |  US$500,000  
5 |  NMPL/2007/DIS/074 (“Invoice No 74”) |  31 Mar 2008 |  Partial payment on 13 April 2008; 24 April 2008; and 20 May 2008. |  US$1,120,000  
6 |  NMPL/2007/DIS/083 |  30 Apr 2008 |  Outstanding |  US$25,000  
  
  

8 Invoice No 74 was issued by the defendant on 13 December 2007 for the India
_v_ Pakistan event which was broadcast sometime in late 2007. As the defendant
alleged was its practice, unstamped Telecast Certificates (_ie_ , without the
defendant’s chop and stamp) for this event were issued to the Plaintiff soon
after. The plaintiff encountered difficulty in collecting payment for this
event and Mr Thomas explained to the defendant in an e-mail dated 5 January
2008 that the plaintiff did not have “complete Telecast Certificates” which he
claimed would “affect the recovery [of payments]”. Stamped Telecast
Certificates were then provided to the plaintiff on 7 January 2008 and, by
agreement, the plaintiff was given until 31 March 2008 to make payment for
this event.[note: 1]

9 Notwithstanding this, no payment was made for Invoice No 74 on or before 31
March 2008. Instead, partial payments were made throughout April and May 2008:
US$136,072.94 on 13 April 2008; US$200,000 on 24 April 2008; and US$350,000 on
20 May 2008 (there was reference on the invoice itself to a credit note for
US$280,000 issued on 12 April 2008 but this was with respect to the reduction
of the originally invoiced sum of US$1.4m to US$1.12m).

10 Not all the events which were broadcast by Neo Sports were invoiced. In
particular, the parties were in negotiations as to whether to waive the
plaintiff’s obligation to pay for the BCB Bangladesh _v_ South Africa event,
which Neo Sports broadcast beginning from 22 February 2008. Mr Das had
informed the plaintiff of the addition of the event on 6 February 2008 but the
plaintiff alleged that no advertising inventory could be sold for it because
of the short notice. Mr Merchant, in an e-mail dated 12 February 2008, stated
that:

Yes contractually we are there to pick up series we get from NEO but not if
such is the timeline to sell …

Then we don’t have to as this was not defined in the agreement – hence if we
don’t talk over it to sensibly agree on something – then we don’t take it …

On 3 March 2008, the parties held a meeting. Mr Agrawal and Mr Das represented
the defendant; the plaintiff was represented by, _inter alia_ , Mr Merchant,
Mr Akella and Mr Thomas. The minutes of that meeting recorded, in relation to
the BCB Bangladesh _v_ South Africa event, that:

[The plaintiff] to send a note/letter to Mr Arvind for MG waiver for the
current series as well as revaluation of all Bangladesh future series. [The
Plaintiff] to provide realistic projections for the Bangladesh Calendar. And
Arvind will present to Neo Board for approval.

Review of all Matrix _apart from “A” team cricket boards_ that are not
realistic/saleable. [The plaintiff] to write separate letter to NEO for
revision/delete same from the original contract. _Neo to present this to its
Board and if approved by Board the rebate will be passed to [the plaintiff]_.

[emphasis in original]

However, the plaintiff did not send the requisite letter and the issue
remained unresolved.

11 Separately, the plaintiff encountered problems in procuring the second bank
guarantee (“the 2nd BG”) by 15 March 2008, as it was obliged to do under cl
6.1.2.2 of the Agreement. Its bank, HSBC Bank Middle East Ltd (“HSBC”), was
unwilling to issue the 2nd BG while the 1st BG was still extant. As a result,
the plaintiff failed to provide the 2nd BG to the defendant on 15 March 2008\.
Negotiations were commenced to resolve the issue. Mr Agrawal suggested that
the plaintiff request its bank to “increase the validity of the current Bank
Guarantee and make it valid till 30th June 2009”. Mr Thomas replied that the
2nd BG was being issued and that there would be a clause that the 2nd BG would
be valid from the expiry date of the 1st BG. Mr Das, in an e-mail dated 27
March 2008, stated that (3AB.828):

[w]e want you to reproduce the clause as per your mail on bank letter head and
the clause should be irrevocable, this is to ensure that the understanding is
same between all the parties involved and we are on the same page.

A few days later on 2 April 2008, HSBC issued a letter to the defendant
(“HSBC’s 2 April 2008 letter”) that stated (3AB.837):

This is with reference to the issuance of new Bank Guarantee in your favor
[_sic_] for USD2,050,000/- as per Clause 6.1.2.2 of Advertising Sales Agency
Agreement dated 18.04.2007, for the sale of Advertising Inventory on the Neo
Sports Broadcast Pvt Ltd.

As per the terms of agreement, the guarantee is to be valid from 1st April
2008. However, please note that since there is already a Bank Guarantee for
USD2.5 Million in place for the above mentioned contract and which is expiring
on 31st May, 2008, we will be able to provide the new Bank Guarantee for
USD2.05 Million only after expiry of the earlier Guarantee having reference
No. PEB/GTY/0751888/B.

As such, [p]lease note our confirmation that the Bank Guarantee for USD 2.05m
will be issued from 01st June 2008 valid till 31st May 2009.

However, on 10 April 2008, the defendant rejected HSBC’s 2 April 2008 letter,
stating that it was “not acceptable” because it “does not protects [_sic_]
[the Defendant] in any manner”.

12 On 18 April 2008, the defendant, through Mr Shah, sent an e-mail to the
plaintiff informing it that it was in default of its contractual obligations:

(a) to pay the sum of US$984,000 outstanding for the India _v_ Pakistan Series
(_ie_ , Invoice No 74); and

(b) to provide the 2nd BG on or before 15 March 2008.

The defendant reserved its rights with regard to the breaches, although it
stated that it “[did] not wish to take any drastic measures at this moment in
time”. It requested the plaintiff to rectify the breaches by 24 April 2008.

13 Mr Akella, on behalf of the plaintiff, replied to the defendant on 21 April
2008 and promised to pay the defendant the outstanding sum for Invoice No 74
in three tranches: US$200,000 by 22 April 2008; US$350,000 by 12 May 2008; and
US$434,000 by 31 May 2008. He assured the defendant that the 2nd BG would be
issued by the first week of June 2008.

14 The correspondence continued on 25 April 2008, when Mr Shah acknowledged
receipt of the first tranch of US$200,000 but rejected Mr Akella’s proposed
timelines for the other two tranches of payment and the provision of the 2nd
BG. Instead, he counter-proposed that the plaintiff pay US$400,000 on or
before 1 May 2008, and subsequently US$384,000 on or before 8 May 2008. He
also suggested that the 2nd BG be issued and exchanged for the 1st BG in the
presence of the plaintiff’s bankers, although he qualified that this proposal
was made on a without prejudice basis and subject to the ratification of the
defendant’s board of directors. In response, Mr Merchant asked Mr Shah on 28
April 2008 if the board of directors had ratified the proposal, although he
did not comment on Mr Shah’s proposed timelines for payment of Invoice No 74.

15 No payment was made on 1 May 2008. On 6 May 2008, Mr Merchant sent another
e-mail to Mr Shah stating that the plaintiff would be “transferring a payment
very soon”. Mr Merchant reiterated that the defendant should not insist on the
issuance of a 2nd BG that would overlap with the 1st BG. He also acknowledged
that the defendant had not agreed to the proposal as set out in HSBC’s 2 April
2008 letter.

16 On 14 May 2008, Mr Merchant sent Mr Das a text message stating that he was
“signing off cheques today and [S]aturday of all payments”. On 20 May 2008,
the defendant initiated the process of drawing down the 1st BG. On 26 May
2008, Mr Merchant again sent Mr Das a text message promising to transfer the
moneys “by tomorrow dayafter [_sic_] …”. This was not done and, on 30 May
2008, the defendant sent another default notice to the plaintiff, stating that
the plaintiff was in breach of cll 9.1.1, 9.1.6 and 9.1.7 of the Agreement. It
warned the plaintiff that failure to remedy the breaches within five days of
the letter would entitle the defendant to terminate the Agreement. On 2 June
2008, Mr Merchant asked the defendant to withdraw its claim on the 1st BG and
confirmed the plaintiff’s intention to honour the Agreement.

17 On 4 June 2008, the defendant received US$2.5m from HSBC pursuant to its
drawing on the 1st BG. On 5 June 2008, the defendant sent a notice informing
the plaintiff that it was terminating the Agreement on the following grounds:

(a) under cl 9.1.6 for the plaintiff’s failure to provide the 2nd BG by 15
March 2008;

(b) under cl 9.1.1 for the plaintiff’s persistent breach due to there being at
least three late payments beyond 15 days from the due date in the contract
period; and

(c) under cl 6.1.3 for the plaintiff having missed at least three payments
over the entire contract period.

The plaintiff was told to stop selling advertising inventory for the BCB
Kitply Triseries event (otherwise known as the “Kitply Cup”) which was
broadcast from 8 June 2008 onwards. After terminating the Agreement, the
defendant entered into another advertising contract with Integrated
Advertising Services FZ LLC on 2 October 2008.

The issues

18 It is not disputed that the plaintiff owes at least US$700,378 to the
defendant. The defendant, on its part, conceded that the plaintiff was
entitled to the marketing expenses it had incurred in the course of selling
the advertising inventory. The amount in dispute is confined to the
plaintiff’s liability for post-termination damages and payment for three items
(“the 3 Uninvoiced Events”) amounting to US$459,167 that were delivered but
not invoiced by the defendant:

(a) the BCB Bangladesh _v_ South Africa event, amounting to US$105,000;

(b) the Kitply Cup, amounting to US$325,000; and

(c) the BCCI Minimum Guarantee scheduled payment of US$29,167 for June 2008.

19 Since the consequence of the defendant’s termination of the Agreement is
that both parties are released from performing obligations which had not
fallen due at the time of the termination, the plaintiff is still bound to
make payments which had fallen due by 5 June 2008, but not for payments which
would have fallen due after that date had the Agreement not been terminated.
The defendant is, however, entitled to recover these future instalments as
damages if the plaintiff’s breach was repudiatory (see below at [29]). This
distinction may be significant should I find that the defendant is _not_
entitled to post-termination damages because it is unclear _when_ payment fell
due for the 3 Uninvoiced Events (if at all). In at least one case, the Kitply
Cup, it is obvious that payment could not have fallen due by 5 June 2008
because the event was only broadcast after the termination of the Agreement.

20 For this reason, it is easier to examine the issues in this order: First,
whether cl 6.1.3 is a penalty clause. Second, whether the defendant is
entitled to post-termination damages. Third, whether the plaintiff is liable
to pay for the 3 Uninvoiced Events.

21 I should point out that despite the Agreement providing that the governing
law was to be English law, neither party submitted on this point and no
evidence was led as to any difference between English law and Singapore law
relevant to this case. Accordingly, I will proceed on the basis that there is
none.

Whether cl 6.1.3 is a penalty clause

The parties’ arguments

22 Mr Philip Fong (“Mr Fong”), counsel for the plaintiff, argued that the
defendant in calling on and retaining the US$2.5m drawn under the 1st BG had
unjustly enriched itself by the sum of US$1,799,622 in excess of the
plaintiff’s actual debt of US$700,378 owed to the defendant because cl 6.1.3
was a penalty clause and should be struck down. He submitted that:

(a) a proper construction of the second limb of cl 6.1.3 showed it was penal
in nature as it sought to deter non-performance by the plaintiff;

(b) the defendant’s pleadings and evidence revealed its utilisation of cl
6.1.3 in a “penal fashion”; and

(c) the factual matrix showed that the objective construction of the second
limb of cl 6.1.3 was oppressive.

23 Not surprisingly, Mr Chandra Mohan (“Mr Mohan”), counsel for the defendant,
argued that cl 6.1.3 was not a penalty clause but should be interpreted to
mean that the defendant was entitled to retain the 1st BG to compensate it in
respect of:

(a) the plaintiff’s missed payments; and

(b) the losses suffered by the defendant as a result of the plaintiff’s breach
of the Agreement.[note: 2]

The predominant contractual function of cl 6.1.3 was “protective” rather than
_in terrorem_. At the time the Agreement was entered into, the greatest
conceivable loss for the first contract year flowing from a possible breach of
the Agreement was US$2.8m. In comparison, the sum of US$2.5m provided for
under the 1st BG was neither “extravagant and unconscionable” nor “greater
than the sum which ought to have been paid”, and there was no oppression given
that both parties were legally advised and had negotiated at arm’s length.

The applicable principles of law

24 As rightly pointed out by the defendant, ordinarily restitutionary
principles are supplemental to the law of contract where the parties are in a
contractual relationship: see _Lancore Services Ltd v Barclays Bank Plc_
[2008] EWHC 1264 at [110] and also _Firstlink Energy Pte Ltd v Creanovate Pte
Ltd and another action_ [2007] 1 SLR(R) 1050 at [46]–[48]. The rationale
behind this general rule is that the law of restitution should not
redistribute the risks which the parties have, by contract, already allocated.
In this case, the defendant drew and kept the full amount of the bank
guarantee pursuant to cl 6.1.3 of the Agreement. Nonetheless, one recognised
exception where restitution may apply to a contract is where the consideration
for the contract has failed. The relevant principle applicable here is this:
where money has been paid out under a contract that is or becomes ineffective,
the payer may recover the money if the consideration for the payment has
totally failed; but this right of recovery only arises where there is _no_
express or implied term in the contract making the payment irrecoverable:
_Fibrosa Spolka Akcyjna v Fairbairn Lawson Combe Barbour Ltd_ [1943] AC 32 (“
_Fibrosa_ ”) at 67 _per_ Lord Wright; Goff and Jones _, The Law of
Restitution_ (Sweet & Maxwell, 2007, 7th Ed) at pp 56–58. This failure of
consideration is judged from the payer’s point of view and refers (_ibid_ , at
48):

… not [to] the promise which is referred to as the consideration, but the
performance of the promise. The money was paid to secure performance and, if
performance fails the inducement which brought about the payment is not
fulfilled.

The failure must be total because consideration is normally viewed as “whole
and indivisible” and the court will not divide or apportion unless it is clear
that the parties intended it to be so: _Biggerstaff v Rowatt’s Wharf Ltd_
[1896] 2 Ch 93 at 100\. Thus, _partial_ failure of consideration would
normally bar an unjust enrichment claim, unless the contract is divisible
(_Fibrosa_ at 77).

25 The law on penalty clauses was laid out in the seminal case of _Dunlop
Pneumatic Tyre Co Ltd v New Garage & Motor Co Ltd_ [1915] AC 79 (“ _Dunlop_
”), which was in turn endorsed by the Court of Appeal in _Beihai Zingong
Property Development Co and another v Ng Choon Meng_ [1999] 1 SLR(R) 527.
Whether a clause is penal depends on the construction of the contract: a
penalty clause is a payment _in terrorem_ of the offending party, in contrast
to a liquidated damages clause which is a genuine pre-estimate of the damages
that may flow from a breach of contract. Lord Dunedin further elaborated on
the principles to be applied when construing such a clause as follows
(_Dunlop_ at 87–88):

(a) It will be held to be penalty if the sum stipulated for is extravagant and
unconscionable in amount in comparison with the greatest loss that could
conceivably be proved to have followed from the breach. …

(b) It will be held to be a penalty if the breach consists only in not paying
a sum of money, and the sum stipulated is a sum greater than the sum which
ought to have been paid …

(c) There is a presumption (but no more) that it is a penalty when a single
lump sum is made payable by way of compensation, on the occurrence of one or
more or all of several events, some of which may occasion serious and others
but trifling damage …

(d) It is no obstacle to the sum stipulated being a genuine pre-estimate of
damage that the consequences of the breach are such as to make precise pre-
estimation almost an impossibility. On the contrary, that is just the
situation when it is probable that the pre-estimated damage was the true
bargain between the parties …

The construction of cl 6.1.3

26 I am unable to agree with the plaintiff’s case that cl 6.1.3 is a penal
clause. First, the plaintiff took inconsistent positions. On the one hand, the
plaintiff argued that, on an objective or proper construction of the second
limb of cl 6.1.3, it was penal in nature; but on the other hand it argued that
it understood cl 6.1.3 to mean that:

… in the event the Plaintiff missed 3 payment dates and there were sums
outstanding, the Defendant could draw down and retain the full amount of the
BG until the actual sum outstanding was reconciled between parties, and the
excess would be returned to the Plaintiff forthwith …

[plaintiff’s closing submissions at para 189]

This latter interpretation was substantially the same as the position adopted
by the defendant, which was _not_ seeking to retain any money over and above
the payments which had fallen due and the post-termination damages which it
had suffered as a result of the plaintiff’s breach. Put another way, while an
interpretation of cl 6.1.3 to the effect that the defendant was allowed to
draw down and retain the _full amount_ of US$2.5m without reduction for
payments made by the plaintiff may or may not be penal in nature, this was not
an interpretation adopted by the defendant and therefore not an interpretation
I have to consider. Parenthetically, given the plaintiff’s denial of liability
for post-termination damages, its interpretation of cl 6.1.3 did not
contemplate the money drawn under the 1st BG being applied to post-termination
damages. However, if I were to decide that post-termination damages are
payable, I do not think the plaintiff would have reason to object to the
defendant being allowed to set off the balance of such moneys against post-
termination damages. Hence, while it is true that the defendant’s position on
this issue was not entirely clear from its pleadings or at the start of the
trial, the fact of the matter is that there is no longer any substantial
divergence between the parties’ understanding of cl 6.1.3.

27 Secondly, in any event, the sum of the bank guarantees for the three
contract years represented the total amount of payments due to the defendant
as _per_ the schedule of events contained in Annex 4 of the Agreement. The
maximum loss the defendant is potentially exposed to is not, as the plaintiff
asserts, the sum of three missed payments; the defendant may be faced with the
loss of more than three instalments over the entire contract period, and
possibly also post-termination damages. Each bank guarantee in force under cl
6.1.3 would thus represent a genuine pre-estimate of the total loss that may
befall the defendant.

28 Finally, I agree with the defendant that there is no suggestion of
oppression here. I would add that I do not think there is much significance to
the fact that Mr Ball had added the words “and retain” to cl 6.1.3. The
plaintiff was legally advised when it entered into the Agreement and had the
opportunity to review the document before binding itself to it. Thus, cl 6.1.3
is _not_ a penalty clause, and the plaintiff cannot seek restitutionary relief
since the Agreement had expressly provided for the retention by the defendant
of the US$2.5m drawn under the 1st BG. The defendant is entitled to retain the
payments due to it which had not been made, as well as damages (if any).

Whether the defendant is entitled to post-termination damages

29 Although there is no issue that the defendant had validly terminated the
Agreement, the question now arises as to whether there was, under common law,
a repudiatory breach by the plaintiff allowing the defendant to claim post-
termination damages.

The parties’ arguments

30 The gist of the defendant’s counterclaim was this: The plaintiff’s failure
to pay amounts due to the defendant and/or to provide the 2nd BG either on
time or at all were breaches that entitled the defendant to terminate the
Agreement under common law. Therefore, the plaintiff was liable to the
defendant for post-termination damages. This assertion was supported by the
following factors. To begin with, the plaintiff had never disputed the
defendant’s termination of the Agreement nor had it pleaded that it was not in
repudiatory breach of the Agreement. In any case, the construction of the
Agreement as a whole rendered both terms conditions of the Agreement, the
breach of which would entitle the defendant to repudiate the Agreement under
common law. From the language of the Agreement itself, time was expressly made
of the essence in relation to both the plaintiff’s payment obligation and the
provision of the bank guarantee, and both terms gave rise to a right of
termination under the Agreement. Additionally, the provision of the bank
guarantees was fundamental to the Agreement because they secured the “very
essence” of the Agreement and protected the defendant from being financially
exposed to non-payment by the plaintiff. For this reason, the plaintiff’s
suggestion to provide the 2nd BG after the 1st BG had expired was contrary to
the parties’ express understanding that the bank guarantees were designed to
overlap. With regard to the plaintiff’s payment obligation, Mr Mohan submitted
that the encashment of the 1st BG did not equate to “rectification of the
breach” as the Agreement did not contemplate payment by way of a bank
guarantee to be the same as payment by the plaintiff for the Minimum
Guaranteed amount.

31 Mr Mohan argued that based on the English Court of Appeal decision in
_Lombard North Central Plc v Butterworth_ [1987] QB 527 (“ _Lombard_ ”), the
defendant was entitled to post-termination damages. He sought to distinguish
an earlier English Court of Appeal decision in _Financings Ltd v Baldock_
[1963] 2 QB 104 (“ _Financings_ ”) on the basis that the latter did not
involve a repudiatory breach.

32 Although Mr Fong did not dispute that the Agreement was validly terminated,
he submitted that the defendant was to blame for the plaintiff’s non-payment
because it had failed to provide proper Telecast Certificates. He argued that
the mere phrase “time is of the essence”, without more, was insufficient to
transform an ordinary term into a condition. On that basis, he argued that the
decision of _Lombard_ should be distinguished from the present case. Further,
the encashment of the 1st BG had rectified the plaintiff’s non-payment within
the stipulated time given in the defendant’s second default notice of 20 May
2008. Mr Fong argued that those factors supported the plaintiff’s position
that it had never intended to repudiate the Agreement and there was in any
case no substantial deprivation by the delayed payment. With regard to the
provision of the 2nd BG, Mr Fong asserted that the plaintiff had made best
efforts to procure the 2nd BG and these efforts should have been accepted by
the defendant. There was also, he submitted, no substantial deprivation of the
whole of the benefit of the Agreement as a result of the failure to provide
the 2nd BG.

The law on damages for loss of bargain

33 It is by now well-established that a breach of contract will entitle the
innocent party to terminate the contract where it falls within one of the four
situations laid out in _RDC Concrete Pte Ltd v Sato Kogyo (S) Pte Ltd and
another appeal_ [2007] 4 SLR(R) 413 (“ _RDC Concrete_ ”). Briefly, the
situations include:

(a) where the contractual term clearly and unambiguously states that the
innocent party is entitled to terminate upon the occurrence of an event
(Situation 1);

(b) where the party in breach by its words or conduct renounces the contract
(Situation 2);

(c) where the term breached is a condition of the contract under the
“condition-warranty approach” (Situation 3(a)); and

(d) where the breach of a term deprives the innocent party of substantially
the whole benefit intended under the contract (Situation 3(b) or “the
_Hongkong Fir_ approach”).

34 The focus in Situation 3(a) is on the nature of the term breached whereas
the focus in Situation 3(b) is on the nature and consequences of the breach.
The Court of Appeal concluded in _RDC Concrete_ at [106] that the approach in
Situation 3(a) takes precedence over the approach in Situation 3(b) because
the foremost consideration must be to give effect to the contracting parties’
intention (see also Lord Wilberforce’s speech in _Bunge Corporation, New York
v Tradax Export SA, Panama_ [1981] 1 WLR 711 at 726 (“ _Bunge v Tradax_ ”)).
In _Sports Connection Pte Ltd v Deuter Sports GmbH_ [2009] 3 SLR(R) 883 (“
_Sports Connection_ ”), the Court of Appeal went further to explain that
Situations 1 and 3(a) were substantially the same, only that Situation 1 was a
more explicit way of characterising a situation that would otherwise fall
within Situation 3(a).

35 This observation raises an interesting issue. Currently, where a contract
is terminated pursuant to an express provision alone, _ie_ , under Situation
1, damages for loss of bargain may be recoverable only if there is a
concurrent repudiatory breach under common law: see Lord Nicholls’ speech in
_Lombard_ ([31] _supra_) at 546 which was reaffirmed by the Court of Appeal in
_Sports Connection_ at [55] (see also _Tan Wee Fong v Denieru Tatsu F &B
Holdings (S) Pte Ltd_ [2009] SGHC 290 (unreported) at [31]–[35]). On the other
hand, without a repudiatory breach under common law, the innocent party may
not claim for damages arising after the contract’s termination (see generally
_Financings_), although it will still be entitled to recover damages in
respect of the loss it suffered at or before the date of termination. But if
Situation 1 is substantially the same as Situation 3(a), then this bifurcated
principle would make no sense. It is artificial to ask what is the nature of a
term under common law where there is within the contract an express provision
stating that the breach of that term would give the innocent party the right
to terminate. This quandary was also recognised in Brian R Opeskin’s article,
“Damages for Breach of Contract Terminated under Express Terms” [1990] LQR 106
(Apr) 293.

36 The difficulty stems from the decision in _Lombard_ ([31]  _supra_), which
caused some unease because it seemed to undermine the earlier decision in
_Financings_ ([31]  _supra_), where Lord Denning expressed his hesitance at
awarding damages for the loss of bargain when the consequences of the breach
were actually very minor. The facts of the two cases best illustrate the
artificiality of the bifurcated principle. In _Financings_ , the defendant
entered into a hire purchase contract for a truck, under which he was obliged
to make a down-payment and several instalment payments. The contract provided
that any failure to pay within ten days of the due date entitled the owner to
terminate the hiring and call for a minimum payment equivalent to the
remainder of the instalments. The defendant failed to meet two instalment
payments and the contract was terminated. However, damages for the loss of
bargain were held to be irrecoverable because the defendant’s failure to pay
only two instalments was not a wrongful repudiation or a breach of a
condition. This was regarded as an eminently fair result because the
defendant’s non-payment was regarded as a very minor breach which could not
possibly have entitled the plaintiff to claim for _all_ the future instalments
payable. The facts of _Lombard_ were essentially the same with one key
difference. The defendant entered into a hire-purchase contract for a
computer, but time was stipulated to be “of the essence” in relation to the
defendant’s payment obligations. The defendant defaulted, and Lord Nicholls
found, “with considerable dissatisfaction”, that the drafting of the contract
in _Lombard_ meant the court had to regard the lateness of the payment as
going to the root of the contract, thereby obliging the court to awarding
damages for the loss of bargain even though there was no practical difference
with the contract in _Financings_. The plaintiff had succeeded in terminating
and claiming damages for the loss of the whole bargain for what was, in the
court’s opinion at least, an inconsequential breach.

37 Professor G H Trietel suggests, in his case comment on _Lombard_ , “Damages
on Rescission for Breach of Contract” [1987] 2 LMCLQ 143 at pp 144–145, that a
distinction should be drawn between terms which are classified by law as
conditions because of the likelihood that the breach will cause serious
prejudice to the injured party; and terms expressly classified by the parties
to be conditions which may not have such a tendency. The concern raised by
Lord Nicholls in _Lombard_ could be avoided by awarding damages for loss of
bargain only for breaches falling under the first limb. However, Prof
Trietel’s suggestion has yet to be adopted by the English courts.

38 As it stands, therefore, the law permits the recovery of post-termination
damages simply on the basis that the parties have classified the term in
question as a condition, regardless of the nature or consequences of the
breach. Here, the issue really is whether the term breached fell within either
Situation 3(a) the condition-warranty approach, or Situation 3(b), _ie_ , the
_Hongkong Fir_ approach. Under the condition-warranty approach, the court’s
function is to determine the nature of the term. As was emphasised by the
Court of Appeal in _Man Financial (S) Pte Ltd (formerly known as E D & F Man
International (S) Pte Ltd) v Wong Bark Chuan David_ [2008] 1 SLR(R) 663 (“
_Man Financial_ ”), there is no magic formula enabling a court to determine if
a contractual term is a condition. The focus must be on (see [161]):

… _ascertaining the intention of the contracting parties themselves by
construing the actual contract itself (including the contractual term
concerned) in the light of the surrounding circumstances as a whole_ …
[emphasis in original]

Factors which could assist the court include: (a) statutory provisions; (b)
the express classification by the parties; (c) prior precedents; (d) the
nature of the transaction.

39 Interestingly, the Court of Appeal in _Man Financial_ read _L Schuler AG v
Wickman Machine Tool Sales Ltd_ [1974] AC 235 (“ _Schuler_ ”) – a case
normally cited for the proposition that the express language of a contractual
term may not be determinative of its nature – as being consistent with the
_Hongkong Fir_ approach/Situation 3(b) of _RDC Concrete_ ([33]  _supra_).
Following _RDC Concrete_ , the Court of Appeal took the view that the
intention of the parties (pursuant to the condition-warranty approach) ought
to take precedence, a view which it considered was shared by the decisions of
the House of Lords after _Schuler_ , such as _Bunge v Tradax_ ([34]  _supra_).
Thus, if it is clear from the express language of a particular contractual
provision that it is meant to be a condition, then the court must give effect
to the contracting parties’ intention in so classifying that particular term.

Whether there was a repudiatory breach under common law

40 The relevant clauses are cl 6.1.1, governing the instalment payments, and
cl 6.1.2.2, governing the provision of the 2nd BG. Both these provisions are
governed by the stipulation that “time is of the essence” in cll 6.1.3 and
6.3.4. As discussed in the preceding paragraph, the courts must give effect to
the parties’ intention, and if the parties agree that a particular contractual
term is a condition, then that is the interpretation that must be given to
that provision. Viewed in isolation, punctual payment will ordinarily not be
regarded as a condition of the contract: see for example, _Financings_ ([31]
_supra_) and more recently, _Alliance Concrete Singapore Pte Ltd v Comfort
Resources Pte Ltd_ [2009] 4 SLR(R) 602. However, the courts have consistently
interpreted stipulations that “time is of the essence” to mean that parties
have agreed that a failure by one party to perform within the stipulated time
would entitle the other party to terminate the contract: _Lombard_ ([31]
_supra_); _Steedman v Drinkle_ [1916] 1 AC 275. It is not an unfamiliar term
to lawyers. The applicability of this precedent is not entirely without
difficulty and there may be an element of surprise where it is applied to
obligations to pay in consumer contracts: see Edwin Peel, _Treitel, The Law of
Contract_ (Sweet & Maxwell, 12th Ed, 2007) at paras 18-069 and 18-090 where
the author discusses _Lombard_ in some detail. However, where both parties are
commercial entities, having had the benefit of legal advice and the
opportunity to negotiate before entering into a contract, then clearly the
compelling interpretation is that the _nature_ of both cll 6.1.1 and 6.1.2.2
are conditions, pursuant to the condition-warranty approach.

41 Even looking at the _consequences_ of the breach, _ie_ , the _Hongkong Fir_
approach, the plaintiff was also in repudiatory breach. Despite multiple
extensions of time granted by the defendant for the 31 March 2008 deadline
(which took into account the fact that new Telecast Certificates were issued,
see above at [8]), the plaintiff failed to make payment for Invoice No 74 and
had previously been late in making payment for several other invoices (see
above at [7]). Further, the plaintiff did not challenge the defendant’s
drawing upon the 1st BG, which was an admission that it had missed three
payment dates over the entire contract period.

42 The encashment of the 1st BG does not amount to a rectification of the
breach. First, this is contrary to cl 6.1.3 – any rectification must have been
for the purpose of avoiding the termination of the Agreement. Since the
drawing of a bank guarantee was in itself a ground for termination, it could
not at the same time operate as a means of rectifying the plaintiff’s
misconduct. Secondly, even if it absolved the plaintiff from liability for
instalments it had yet to pay, the encashment did nothing towards curing the
failure to provide the 2nd BG. Lastly, the encashment was not a means of
rectification in the contemplation of the parties. When the second default
notice was sent on 30 May 2008, the plaintiff was aware that the defendant had
initiated the process of encashing the 1st BG and that payment by HSBC to the
defendant was imminent. The second default notice should be interpreted in
this context. Rectification could not have been by way of the defendant’s
receipt of money pursuant to the 1st BG since both parties knew the encashment
process was already under way. There would have been no need to send the
second default notice asking for rectification if indeed encashment was the
remedy sought by the defendant.

43 Independently, the requirement for the provision of the 2nd BG also appears
to me to be in the nature of a condition. The purpose of the bank guarantee is
to provide the defendant security against financial exposure. It is fair to
say that the Agreement may not have been entered into if there had not been
adequate protection for the defendant against such risk. The Agreement
expressly and unambiguously provided for the terms and duration of each bank
guarantee. The plaintiff’s argument that it was taken by surprise by HSBC’s
unwillingness to provide overlapping bank guarantees is patently
unsupportable. Likewise, I find difficulty in understanding the plaintiff’s
suggestion that the overlap in bank guarantees was not foreseeable or that
such a fact should have been highlighted to it. Both parties were legally
advised and the plaintiff had ample time to review the terms of the Agreement.
Whatever the commercial considerations behind the parties’ eventual decision
to structure the provision relating to the bank guarantees as such, I do not
think that the plaintiff could turn and say that it was surprised when the
nature of its obligations were fully contained within the contractual
provisions. It goes without saying that it is incumbent on the plaintiff to
meet its obligations and any hurdles which it cannot surmount in the process
would be no excuse to its non-performance (unless, of course, the
circumstances allow it to plead one of the legally recognised exceptions, such
as frustration).

44 As shown by the correspondence on record, the parties had nearly, but not
quite, reached an agreement to allow the plaintiff to provide the 2nd BG on 1
June 2008, immediately after the expiry of the 1st BG on 31 May 2008.
Unfortunately for the plaintiff, the proposal from HSBC contained in its
letter of 2 April 2008 (see above at [11]) was ultimately rejected by the
defendant on 10 April 2008. The plaintiff asserted that it had, in substance
if not in form, complied with the defendant’s offer to restructure the
provision of the bank guarantees. However, Mr Shah himself had acknowledged
that no agreement was reached for the provision of the 2nd BG and that he was
attempting to reach a compromise on the issue right up till the eventual
termination of the Agreement.

45 I should add for good measure that it does not matter if the plaintiff
always had an intention to make payments or to provide the 2nd BG. The
Agreement called for performance and the plaintiff’s continued failure to do
so leads me to the conclusion that it had committed a repudiatory breach of
the Agreement under common law, whether looking at the nature of the term or
the severity of the breach, entitling the defendant to damages for the loss of
bargain.

Whether the plaintiff was obliged to pay for the 3 Uninvoiced Events

46 Since I have determined that the plaintiff’s breach was repudiatory and
that the defendant is entitled to post-termination damages, it is not strictly
necessary to consider whether the plaintiff was obliged to pay for the 3
Uninvoiced Events. Nevertheless, in view of the lengthy arguments advanced by
both parties, I shall deal with this issue. Before addressing the bulk of the
parties’ arguments, it should be noted that while Mr Fong in his submissions
suggested that payment could not be due unless an invoice was issued, Mr
Merchant had already admitted, during cross-examination, that there was no
requirement for the defendant to issue an invoice to the plaintiff to
“activate the payments”.

The parties’ arguments

47 Mr Fong made the following arguments in support of his contention that the
defendant was not entitled to payment for the 3 Uninvoiced Events. With
respect to the BCB Bangladesh _v_ South Africa event, no advertising inventory
was sold by the plaintiff and no Telecast Certificates were issued to the
plaintiff; there was no consideration provided and therefore the plaintiff’s
payment obligation did not arise. The parties:

… had for all purposes agreed to waive the entire [Minimum Guaranteed] amount
for this event, as evinced in the meetings of the 3 March 2008 meeting.

[plaintiff’s closing submissions at para 273]

It was further admitted that:

… the Defendant’s representatives at the meeting did not have sufficient power
to bind the Defendant without obtaining formal board approval …

[plaintiff’s closing submissions at para 274]

although Mr Fong contended that this requirement could not be established
without Mr Das’s evidence. With respect to the BCB Kitply Triseries event, Mr
Fong submitted that the cricket matches took place _after_ termination,
Telecast Certificates were not provided, and the plaintiff was not allowed to
sell advertising inventory after the defendant terminated the Agreement. Mr
Fong went further to assert that many pre-termination bookings by the
plaintiff’s clients were cancelled as news of the defendant’s termination was
leaked.[note: 3] This was based on Mr Merchant’s testimony during cross-
examination that bookings for advertising inventory would normally be made all
the way through to the last few days of an event and that the news was out in
the market that the defendant was terminating the Agreement. However, this
explanation appeared to be an after-thought made only during cross-examination
and was not included in any of Mr Merchant’s affidavits. Finally, with respect
to the BCCI Minimum Guaranteed sum for June 2008, Mr Fong argued that no
consideration was given to the plaintiff for this payment.

48 Mr Mohan maintained that the plaintiff was liable for payment for the 3
Uninvoiced Events. Generally, he argued that there was no failure of
consideration for any of the 3 Uninvoiced Events since:

(a) there was no dispute that the plaintiff’s payment obligations arose
irrespective of whether the defendant had issued an invoice to the plaintiff;

(b) the events were broadcast; and

(c) the advertising inventory was aired.

With respect to the BCB Bangladesh _v_ South Africa event, Mr Mohan submitted
that there was no minimum notice period to sell advertising inventory for each
event and Mr Merchant had admitted to the fact that the plaintiff had
requested a waiver of payment for this event pre-supposed that it was under an
obligation to pay. In any case, the meeting of 3 March 2008 did not amount to
a waiver, the minutes of the meeting explicitly stated that such waiver would
only be considered by the defendant upon receipt of the plaintiff’s written
request and the plaintiff had conceded that such a written request was never
made. Further, it was illogical for the plaintiff to insist on a blank
Telecast Certificate since it did not sell any advertising inventory for this
event and would not be collecting any money from its clients. With respect to
the BCB Kitply Triseries event, Mr Mohan submitted that the plaintiff had
failed to plead that it was not given the full benefit of the event and that
it was entirely unconscionable for the defendant to seek payment of the full
Minimum Guaranteed amount. The plaintiff had also failed to adduce evidence
that its existing bookings were affected by the termination of the Agreement
or that it had difficulty in collecting payment due to the lack of proper
Telecast Certificates. In fact, it continued to send cue sheets to the
defendant via e-mail from 7 to 10 June 2008, although the Agreement was
terminated on 5 June 2008.

BCB Kitply Triseries / The Kitply Cup (US$325,000)

49 The Kitply Cup took place from 8 to 14 June 2008, _after_ the plaintiff had
sent its Letter of Termination on 5 June 2008. The Letter of Termination
specified that the plaintiff was not allowed to sell advertising inventory for
the Kitply Cup post-termination and only bookings made before termination
would be honoured by Nimbus. Since the plaintiff had, in fact, an opportunity
to sell some of the advertising inventory for this event, it would not be open
to it to claim there was a total failure of consideration. As pointed out by
the defendant, the plaintiff had not adduced evidence aside from Mr Merchant’s
testimony given at the very late stage of cross-examination that its clients
had rescinded their purchases of advertising inventory upon learning that the
defendant intended to terminate the Agreement. No documents were provided for
this assertion. While the defendant had forbidden the plaintiff from
continuing to sell advertising inventory for the Kitply Cup, it is not clear
at all from the evidence that the plaintiff had actually ceased selling
advertising inventory. In any event, at the very most there may have been a
partial failure of consideration.

50 Another argument raised by Mr Fong was the defendant’s alleged failure to
provide proper Telecast Certificates (only unstamped Telecast Certificates
were provided by the defendant). As with the India _v_ Pakistan series, the
plaintiff requested for Telecast Certificates “in the proper form”, _ie_ ,
stamped Telecast Certificates. During cross-examination, Mr Ball confirmed
that the defendant had, to date, not responded to such a request. I do not
think this was fatal to the defendant’s claim. At trial, Mr Thomas testified
that the industry practice within the Middle East was to provide stamped
Telecast Certificates and Neo Sports was aware of this practice. However,
aside from Mr Thomas’s testimony, no evidence of such industry practice was
provided. The only occasion on which stamped Telecast Certificates were
evidently provided was the India _v_ Pakistan series (_ie_ , Invoice No 74),
and that was upon Mr Thomas’s request. That request could be seen as a
complaint that the defendant had acted contrary to the established practice
between the parties, _ie_ , by providing Telecast Certificates in “improper”
form, or it might simply reflect an _ad hoc_ arrangement for the particular
event. There is no evidence either way and it would be a stretch to find that
the defendant had acted contrary to the established practice based on the
language of Mr Thomas’s request alone. What is clear is that the Agreement
itself did not provide for a fixed format and, aside from Invoice No 74, there
was no prior record of a request for a stamped Telecast Certificate.

51 Hence, it is not clear to me that the plaintiff’s obligation to make
payment only arose upon the defendant’s provision of a stamped Telecast
Certificate. Nothing in the express language of the Agreement or the
circumstances surrounding how the Agreement was actually carried out pointed
to this conclusion. Previous invoices had been met without the plaintiff
insisting on stamping the Telecast Certificates. Notably, even after the
plaintiff’s difficulty in collecting payment for Invoice No 74, there was no
variation to the Agreement to make clear what form the Telecast Certificate
should take. The plaintiff cannot now rely on the absence of stamping of the
Telecast Certificates to evade its payment obligations.

52 Both parties have adopted an “all or nothing” approach. The defendant
concentrated on the fact that the plaintiff had actually sold advertising
inventory for the event, even adducing cue sheets submitted after 5 June 2008,
without regard to the fact that it had forbidden the plaintiff to make further
sales after termination of the Agreement. The plaintiff, on the other hand,
insisted it was not liable to make _any_ payment for the Kitply Cup at all; it
did not admit that it had the opportunity to and did in fact sell some
advertising inventory for this event. It also did not seek to challenge the
applicability of the 1st BG with respect to the payment for the Kitply Cup.
The plaintiff has not shown that there was a total failure of consideration.
It had been given the opportunity to sell the advertising inventory and the
advertisements were in fact aired; there is no room for the plaintiff to
assert that it had been denied the bargain it had entered into; at best there
was a partial failure of consideration. The partial failure of consideration
would not have entitled the plaintiff to deny the defendant payment for the
particular event. On the other hand, it would be unjust for the defendant to
insist upon strict performance of the Agreement after having forbidden the
plaintiff from selling advertising inventory after termination. A fair
solution which I might have been tempted to attempt was an apportionment.
Fortunately, on the view that I have taken, namely, that the plaintiff is
liable for post-termination damages, it is not necessary for me to embark on
this exercise. As alluded to earlier at [19] and [26] above, even if strictly
speaking the defendant may not bring a claim for the Kitply Cup as such, the
money received under the 1st BG could be applied towards post-termination
damages (including what would have been received under the Kitply Cup). In the
circumstances, I find on balance that the better view is that the defendant is
entitled to the payment for the Kitply Cup.

BCB Bangladesh v South Africa (US$105,000)

53 The Agreement clearly contemplates the inclusion of additional cricket
events to the existing schedule provided in Annexure 2. Although cl 6.2
provided that a pro rata adjustment of the Minimum Guaranteed amount payable
would be made upon the addition or reduction of cricket matches broadcast by
Neo Sports, there was no provision stipulating a minimum notice period prior
to the additional event in order for the plaintiff to sell advertising
inventory, nor was the plaintiff given the option to reject the opportunity to
sell the extra advertising inventory from additions to the schedule. Here, a
distinction may be made with cl 4.1 which stipulated that the plaintiff had to
give BCCI sponsors an exclusive two-week negotiating period for the purchase
of exclusive commercial airtime packages and/or broadcast sponsorship,
provided the defendant gave notice prior to the event in question (although
the actual time-frame for notification was ambiguous). As drafted, the
Agreement would arguably allow Neo Sports to add a new event to the original
schedule at the very last minute and still collect payment from the plaintiff
pursuant to cl 6.2. This situation may not have been within the contemplation
of parties when they entered into the Agreement, since the plaintiff could
receive no tangible benefit if it was not given an opportunity to sell
advertising inventory. From his e-mail on 12 February 2008, Mr Merchant also
seemed to be of two minds as to whether the plaintiff was obliged to pay.

54 However, there was in any case consideration provided for this particular
event. The plaintiff was given some time, from the notification by Mr Das on 6
February 2008 till the actual broadcast beginning on 22 February 2008, to sell
the advertising inventory to its clients. The plaintiff had not shown that it
had been completely denied the opportunity to sell _any_ advertising inventory
to its clients but was billed under cl 6.2 nevertheless. (In that case there
might conceivably be at least a partial failure of consideration.) Beyond Mr
Fong’s assertion that in this case there was no possibility of selling the
advertising inventory, there is no evidence as to how long a period of time
was sufficient or reasonable for such sales to be conducted. It may well be
that the two weeks provided by Mr Das would ordinarily be sufficient for the
sale of advertising inventory to be concluded, but that for some other reason
it could not be done in this instance.

55 Contrary to Mr Fong’s submissions, I do not think there was any serious
dispute that Mr Das lacked the authority to bind the defendant to the alleged
waiver. The minutes clearly recorded that the defendant was not bound until
formal board approval was given for a waiver, and I do not think the plaintiff
can seriously argue that the minutes were falsified or that the defendant had
been bound by the representations of Mr Das. Accordingly, there was no
agreement between the parties to waive the payment for the Bangladesh _v_
South Africa event and the plaintiff must be held to its contractual
obligations under cl 6.2.

BCCI – Minimum Guarantee for June 2008 (US$29,167)

56 The BCCI Minimum Guaranteed amount for June 2008 was part of the scheduled
payments, spread over the entire contract year, for the domestic cricket
matches broadcast by Neo Sports. The plaintiff submitted that because no
advertising inventory was sold by the plaintiff for June 2008, there was no
consideration for this payment. In my view, this was not tenable.
Consideration for the payments cannot be separated according to each monthly
instalment because this was not how the Agreement was structured. Unlike the
international events where a certain Minimum Guaranteed sum was attributed to
each individual event and payment was dependent on the broadcast of the event
in question; there was no breakdown of the cost of each domestic series:
domestic cricket matches were not evenly spread over the contract year.
Payment for the domestic series, however, was to be made in equal monthly
instalments over the contract year (as can be seen from Annexure 4 of the
Agreement). Therefore each monthly instalment payment did not necessarily
correspond to a particular domestic series. Even if the plaintiff was deprived
of the opportunity to sell advertising inventory for the domestic series
broadcast after the defendant’s termination of the Agreement, it was difficult
to imagine there being a total failure of consideration given that the payment
due in June 2008 could not be said to have arisen from any one particular
domestic series. The June 2008 payment was only part of a series of payments
promised in exchange for the right to sell advertising inventory for _all_ the
domestic cricket events for that contract year. The plaintiff is not absolved
of its responsibility to make payment.

57 Neither party addressed the question when in June 2008 the payment was to
be made. If it was after termination on 5 June 2008, the plaintiff would not
have been required to make such payment since termination of the Agreement
released both parties from further performance of the Agreement (but without
prejudice to rights arising by reason of the repudiatory breach). However,
this is not an argument I have to consider because of the view that I have
taken that post-termination damages are payable.

Conclusion

58 In the result, the plaintiff’s claim is dismissed and the defendant’s
counterclaim is allowed in each case with costs. The plaintiff failed to
establish that cl 6.1.3 should be struck down as a penalty. There is therefore
no room for it to claim unjust enrichment. Its breach of the Agreement was
repudiatory whether under the express stipulations or under common law and, as
a result, the defendant is entitled to claim post-termination damages. The
damages are to be assessed by the registrar. The amount drawn under the 1st BG
is to be applied not only to default payments but to the damages assessed.

* * *

[note: 1]Mr Das wrote an email on 18 April 2008 to Mr Shah explaining that
“due to late TVR certificate delivery to them”, the payment obligation only
arose on 22 March 2008, although this was amended to 31 March 2008 by
agreement: see 3AB.882.

[note: 2]It argued that Mr Merchant had in fact adopted that position during
his cross-examination: see 4NOE pp 40–41.

[note: 3]Plaintiff’s closing submissions at para 279, citing 4NOE p 5, lines
22–27.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 26 Jan 2010 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

