Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Sui Southern Gas Co Ltd _v_ Habibullah Coastal Power Co (Pte) Ltd  
[2010] SGHC 62

Case Number| :| Originating Summons No 248 of 2009  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 23 February 2010  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Judith Prakash J  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Kenneth Tan SC (counsel instructed), Prakash Mulani and
Aftab Ahmad Khan (M&A Law Corporation) for the plaintiff; Sundraresh Menon SC
and Tammy Low Wan Jun(Rajah & Tann LLP) for the defendant.  
Parties| :|  Sui Southern Gas Co Ltd — Habibullah Coastal Power Co (Pte) Ltd  
  
23 February 2010|  
---|---  
  
Judith Prakash J:

Introduction

1 The plaintiff, Sui Southern Gas Company Limited (“SSGC”), is a public sector
limited company incorporated under the laws of Pakistan, whose principal
business is that of a supplier of gas throughout the South Pakistan provinces
of Sindh and Balochistan. The defendant, Habibullah Coastal Power Company
(Private) Limited (“HCPC”), is a corporation organised under the laws of
Pakistan.

2 By an Amended and Restated Gas Supply Agreement dated 31 March 1996 (“the
Agreement”) between SSGC and HCPC (collectively “the parties”), relating to a
power generation complex (“the Plant”) in Skeikh Manda near Quetta, in the
Balochistan province of Pakistan, SSGC agreed to supply natural gas to HCPC in
order to allow HCPC to generate electricity at the Plant. Pursuant to a Power
Purchase Agreement with the Pakistan Water and Power Development Authority
(“the Authority”), HCPC agreed to supply all the electricity produced at the
Plant to the Authority.

3 Unfortunately, a dispute arose between SSGC and HCPC which they referred to
arbitration, as required by the Agreement. Essentially, HCPC claimed that SSGC
had breached the terms of the Agreement by failing to supply sufficient
quantities of gas, causing HCPC to suffer a loss and thereby entitling it to
damages under the Agreement. SSGC disputed this claim and averred that it had
at all times complied with its obligations under the Agreement, and thus it
had incurred no liability thereunder. Under the Agreement, the seat of
arbitration was to be in Singapore and English law governed the conduct of the
arbitration. The three-member Arbitral Tribunal (“the Tribunal”) rendered its
award (“the Award”) on 1 December 2008. The Award was in all material respects
in HCPC’s favour.

4 This originating summons was taken out by SSGC in March 2009, SSGC sought an
order that the Award be set aside pursuant to s 24(_b_) of the International
Arbitration Act (Cap 143A, 2002 Ed) (“the Act”) and art 34 of the UNCITRAL
Model Law on International Commercial Arbitration (“the Model Law”) which is
set out in the First Schedule to the Act (which by virtue of s 3 of the Act
has the force of law in Singapore). It did so on the grounds that:

(a) the Award dealt with disputes or issues not contemplated by or,
alternatively, not falling within, the terms of the submission to arbitration
and/or contained decision on matters or issues beyond the scope of the
submission to arbitration, in breach of art 34(2)(_a_)(iii), Sch 1 of the Act
(“the scope of submission argument”);

(b) the Award was in conflict with the public policy of Singapore, in breach
of art 34(2)(_b_)(ii), Sch 1 of the Act (“the public policy argument”); and

(c) a breach of natural justice had occurred in connection with the making of
the Award by which the rights of SSGC had been prejudiced, in violation of s
24(_b_) of the Act (“the natural justice argument”).

5 However, in written and oral submissions, counsel for SSGC rightly chose not
to rely on the natural justice argument, and I shall say no more about that
aspect of the application.

6 HCPC contested the application. After hearing the parties, I held that the
application was to be dismissed, with costs as taxed or agreed to be paid by
SSGC to HCPC, and the Award upheld because SSGC had not convinced me that any
of its complaints was well-founded. I now set out the grounds of my decision.

Background

7 In December 1995, the Government of Pakistan increased the gas allocation to
HCPC (“Gas Allocation”) for the purposes of allowing HCPC to generate
electricity at the Plant, which HCPC would then supply to the Authority. The
Gas Allocation was to be 21 million standard cubic feet (“MMCF”) of natural
gas on a “firm basis” and an additional 4 MMCF on an “as and when available
basis”.

8 The Agreement was the means by which the Gas Allocation was to be
implemented. Pursuant to arts 3.1 and 3.2 of the Agreement, SSGC was obliged
to supply all of the Plant’s requirements for natural gas, to the extent of
the “Daily Contract Quantity”. Pursuant to art 1.23 of the Agreement, the
“Daily Contract Quantity” was 21 MMCF of natural gas per day, plus the
“Additional Allocation Gas”, subject to availability, of 4 MMCF per day.

9 The delivery of all such quantities of natural gas was pursuant to the
“Delivery Priority”, which was defined in art 1.25 as:

[HCPC’s] right to receive and [SSGC’s] obligation to deliver Gas on a priority
basis, consistent with [HCPC’s] Gas Allocation, such that deliveries to the
[Plant] will be the last non-residential deliveries on [SSGC’s] pipeline
system to be curtailed or reduced in the event of a reduction or curtailment
of deliveries on [SSGC’s] pipeline system; provided, further, [HCPC] will be
the first non-residential customer to have deliveries restored when the
conditions which caused the reduction or curtailment are abated or remedied.

The term “pipeline system” was not, however, defined in the Agreement, and was
one of the disputed matters before the Tribunal.

10 Since 2000, SSGC had on a number of occasions limited (or “curtailed”) the
amount of gas supplied to the Plant, which caused HCPC to have to burn
alternative fuel in order to meet its obligations to the Authority and, on
occasion, to pay liquidated damages to the Authority. It was as a result of
these events that HCPC had claimed damages for breach of contract against SSGC
in the arbitration.

The Award

11 The Tribunal, in para 4.6 of the Award, set out a list of 8 issues which it
had to determine:

(a)

SSGC’s obligation to provide gas, on a true construction of the Agreement;

(b)

Whether SSGC had complied with that obligation;

(c)

To the extent that it did not, whether it had a contractually permitted excuse
in respect of each curtailment;

(d)

To the extent that SSGC had not met its obligation to provide gas or honour
its Delivery Priority, whether such failure was excused by the practical
limitation imposed by the pipelines and equipment SSGC had employed;

(e)

To the extent that SSGC had not met its obligation to provide gas, and had no
contractually permitted excuse, whether HCPC was entitled to claim damages;

(f)

To the extent that SSGC was in breach of its obligations under the Agreement,
whether HCPC was entitled to a defence of set-off;

(g)

If SSGC was not in breach of the Agreement, whether HCPC was in breach of the
Agreement by effecting a set-off;

(h)

Whether the Tribunal should grant the damages and declarations sought by HCPC.

12 The Tribunal ruled in favour of HCPC, and it is necessary to set out a
summary of the material aspects of the Award which SSGC sought to impugn. In
para 12 of the Award, the Tribunal declared that:

(a)

SSGC had breached its obligations to supply the Daily Contract Quantity
pursuant to the Agreement;

(b)

SSGC was obliged to deliver 21 MMCF per day to HCPC save where there was a
valid circumstance of Force Majeure (invoked in compliance with the notice
provisions of art 13 of the Agreement), Emergency, or other contractually
permitted excuse under arts 3.2(_b_), 9.6 and 12 of the Agreement;

(c)

SSGC was obliged to deliver an additional 4 MMCF per day save where there was
a valid circumstance of Force Majeure (invoked in compliance with the notice
provisions of art 13 of the Agreement), Emergency, or other contractually
permitted excuse under arts 3.2(_b_), 9.6 and 12 of the Agreement, or where
there was insufficient gas in SSGC’s pipeline system (as defined in para (e)
below) to provide the additional 4 MMCF per day, once residential demand had
been satisfied;

(d)

in circumstances where there was insufficient gas to satisfy the obligation to
provide 25 MMCF per day to HCPC, SSGC was only entitled to curtail supplies to
HCPC:

(i)

once all other non-residential users on the pipeline system had been so
curtailed; and

(ii)

to the extent necessary to supply gas to residential customers, such
curtailment not relieving SSGC of its obligation to supply 21 MMCF per day,
and a further 4 MMCF, save where such 4 MMCF was not available, having applied
the Delivery Priority;

(e)

the terms “pipeline systems” and “systems” as used in the Agreement
encompassed the entirety of SSGC’s pipeline system, and were not restricted to
any particular province or other geographical area.

13 In the Award, the Tribunal expressed a view as to whether the practical
limitations imposed by the pipelines and equipment SSGC had chosen to employ
excused its failure to meet its obligations under the Agreement (as
interpreted by the Tribunal). The Tribunal was satisfied that no practical
limitations excused such failure, and at para 7.3 of the Award, the Tribunal
declared that:

On the evidence, the following steps could also be taken to increase the
system’s capacity:

(a)as Mr. Ghaznavi admits, operate the system at a higher pressure;

(b)add an extra loop of pipeline between Dadhar and Abe Gum;

(c)add a compressor at RS-1 and Nuttal;

(d)make gas from Zamzama field available;

(e)reduce amount of gas transported South to Karachi;

(f)install storage components and linepacking;

(g)stop taking on more customers than it can satisfy demand for – as it is
contractually mandated not to do.

14 SSGC contended that the Award, and in particular the declaration set out in
[12] above, was perverse, as it contained manifestly gross errors of law and
imposed impossible obligations on SSGC. As such, SSGC submitted, the Award
should be set aside.

Perversity and irrationality

15 In its submissions, SSGC relied heavily on the contention that the Award
was perverse, manifestly unreasonable and irrational, and should therefore be
set aside. SSGC deployed this argument in two ways.

16 In oral arguments before me, SSGC relied on it as an independent ground on
which the Award could be challenged: counsel for SSGC submitted that the
various circuits of the United States courts of appeal had recognised that a
“manifest disregard of the law” could justify vacating an arbitration award.
In support of the submission, counsel cited _Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner &
Smith, Inc. v Jack Bobker_ 808 F 2d, 930 (2nd Cir, 1986) at 933 and _Arthur H.
Williams v Cigna Financial Advisors Incorporated_ 197 F 3d, 752 (5th Cir,
1999) at 757. Counsel for SSGC urged me to recognise that, while mere errors
of law committed by an arbitral tribunal in the course of rendering an award
could not invite the court’s intervention, the court could nonetheless
exercise a supervisory power when the award was so manifestly unreasonable
that no reasonable person could have so decided.

17 In essence, counsel for SSGC was asking me to recognise that the court
could, independently of the Act, set aside arbitral awards which were “
_Wednesbury_ unreasonable” (see _Associated Provincial Picture Houses v
Wednesbury Corporation_ [1948] 1 KB 223).

18 This contention was untenable as a matter of principle and authority.
Although the court undoubtedly has, on judicial review, a power to quash an
administrative decision when its substantive merits are so absurd that no
sensible person could have made that decision, I was of the view that no such
power is available where the decision in question is made by an arbitral
tribunal. This is because there is no appropriate analogy between
administrative and arbitral decisions. Review for _Wednesbury_
unreasonableness or irrationality exists because it is presumed that, when
Parliament gives an administrative decision-maker a discretion, that
discretion is not unfettered; rather, Parliament intends that that discretion
be exercised reasonably: see HWR Wade and CF Forsyth, _Administrative Law_
(Oxford University Press, 9th ed, 2004), pp 349 – 365. This presumption of
rationality, however, finds no purchase in the context of private
arbitrations, where parties have contractually agreed to abide by the decision
of the arbitral tribunal. Parties must therefore be held to that agreement, in
the absence of any of the specific grounds for challenging an award set out by
Parliament in the Act. The ability to challenge an award for unreasonableness
or irrationality is not a ground set out in the Act.

19 It is settled law that in Singapore, the Act provides the exclusive means
by which a disappointed party to the arbitration may challenge the eventual
award: _PT Asuransi Jasa Indonesia (Persero) v Dexia Bank SA_ [2007] SLR(R)
513 (“ _PT Asuransi_ ”) at [54] - [55] and [57] and _Soh Beng Tee & Co Pte Ltd
v Fairmount Development Pte Ltd_ [2007] 3 SLR(R) 86 at [60] - [66].

20 As Alan Redfern and Martin Hunter, _Law and Practice of International
Commercial Arbitration_ (Sweet & Maxwell, 4th ed, 2004) point out at 9-35:

…there is no provision in the Model Law for any form of appeal from an
arbitral award, on the law or on the facts, or _for any judicial review of the
award on its merits_. If the tribunal has jurisdiction, the correct procedures
are followed and the correct formalities are observed, the award – good, bad
or indifferent – is final and binding on the parties.

[emphasis added]

21 As the Model Law has the force of law in Singapore (see [4]), it was not
open to me to set aside the Award on the freestanding ground that its
substantive decision on the merits was outrageous or irrational. The position
of the courts in the United States was adopted against a different legislative
and legal background and could not influence the decision here. Although
counsel for SSGC submitted that a perverse award went beyond a mere mistake of
fact or law (against which there is no right of appeal under the Act), I was
of the view that any alleged perversity of the Award was nonetheless
ultimately a question of whether the Tribunal had committed an error of law
(e.g. by subjecting the Agreement to an irrational construction) and/or an
error of fact (e.g. by ignoring or misunderstanding the factual matrix
surrounding the dispute). Such an error of law or fact, if indeed committed,
did not cease to be such even if the error was gross and manifest.

22 Since any alleged perversity or irrationality of the Award would still, in
the final analysis, have involved errors of law or fact, on the plain wording
of the Act and on the authorities cited in [19] and [20] above, there could be
no right of appeal against such errors, independent of s 24 and art 34 of Sch
1 of the Act.

23 The main thrust of SSGC’s submissions, however, was that _because_ the
Award was perverse or irrational, it was _for that reason_ outside the scope
of submission to arbitration and contrary to public policy and therefore
subject to challenge under art 34(2)(_a_)(iii) and 34(_b_)(ii) of Sch 1 of the
Act. My reasons for rejecting this contention are set out below.

The statutory provisions

24 As I explained in _ABC Co v XYZ Co Ltd_ [2003] 3 SLR(R) 546 at [3], art 34,
Sch 1 of the Act deals with the recourse that a party to an arbitration has
when he is not satisfied with an arbitral award. Article 34(1) makes it clear
that recourse to a court against an arbitral award may be made _only_ by an
application for setting aside in accordance with para (2) and para (3) of the
article.

25 The provisions which SSGC relied on read:

(2) An arbitral award may be set aside by the court specified in Article 6
only if:

(a) the party making the application furnishes proof that:

…

(iii) the award deals with a dispute not contemplated by or not falling within
the terms of the submission to arbitration, or contains decisions on matters
beyond the scope of the submission to arbitration, provided that, if the
decisions on matters submitted to arbitration can be separated from those not
so submitted, only that part of the award which contains decisions on matters
not submitted to arbitration may be set aside; or

…

(b) the court finds that:

…

(ii) the award is in conflict with the public policy of this State.

The scope of submission argument

26 SSGC submitted that in reaching the conclusions that it did in the Award,
the Tribunal construed the Agreement so as to impose impossible obligations on
SSGC which could not fit into any possible and rational interpretation of the
Agreement. Consequently, SSGC submitted, the Award perversely went beyond the
Agreement, and dealt with “a dispute not contemplated by or not falling within
the terms of the submission to arbitration”, or contained “decisions on
matters beyond the scope of the submission to arbitration”.

27 SSGC’s complaint was that the Award, by construing the term “pipeline
system” as meaning the entirety of SSGC’s network of pipes, rather than
restricting it by geographical locality to the Quetta pipeline, imposed an
obligation on SSGC to upgrade its pipeline system by, _inter alia_ , expanding
the pipelines, laying new pipes, diverting additional supplies of gas from
alternative gas fields and reconfiguring the flow of gas supplied by SSGC to
other regions in Pakistan. These, contended SSGC, amounted to “impossible
obligations” as it was physically, administratively and/or economically
impossible for SSGC to carry out these tasks, due to a variety of constraints
including: strict oversight by the Oil and Gas Regulatory Authority of
Pakistan (which would not approve the requisite capital expenditure); the
impossibility of reversing gas flowing southwards to Karachi so as to supply
gas northwards to Quetta; and the physical inability, due to the limited
capacity of the existing pipes, of SSGC to cope with additional demand due to
long-term unforeseeable population growth and short-term spikes in gas
consumption by residential users in the winter months.

28 In addition, SSGC contended that the Award was made in manifest disregard
of the applicable principles of English law, insofar as the Award stated
correct principles of English law but did not apply them. In particular,
despite acknowledging that the Agreement had to be construed in the context of
the matrix of facts (including background knowledge available to the parties
at the time of contracting) and business common sense, the Award allegedly
ignored these matters in construing the term “pipeline system” to mean SSGC’s
entire network of pipes, rather than the Quetta pipeline.

29 I did not agree with SSGC that the Award was outside the scope of the
submission to arbitration.

The law

30 The law in this area was examined by the Court of Appeal in _PT Asuransi_ ,
where the appellant sought to set aside an arbitral award on the ground that
it dealt with disputes or issues not falling within the terms of submission to
arbitration, in breach of art 34(2)(_a_)(iii), Sch 1 of the Act. In
particular, the appellant contended that three critical findings made during
the arbitration proceedings (“the Second Arbitration”) were inconsistent with
the findings of an earlier arbitration (“the First Arbitration”) between the
same parties, and therefore went beyond the scope of submission to
arbitration.

31 At [37] of the Court of Appeal’s judgment, Chan Sek Keong CJ noted that art
34(2)(_a_)(iii), Sch 1 of the Act “merely reflects the basic principle that an
arbitral tribunal has no jurisdiction to decide any issue not referred to it
for determination by the parties”. Chan CJ then quoted _London and North
Western and Great Western Joint Railway Companies v JH Billington, Limited_
[1899] AC 79, where Lord Halsbury stated at 81 that:

I do not think any lawyer could reasonably contend that, when parties are
referring differences to arbitration, under whatever authority that reference
is made, you could for the first time introduce _a new difference after the
order of arbitration was made_ …

[emphasis by Chan CJ]

32 In the course of its judgment, the Court of Appeal had to consider whether
a particular issue (“the June 2001 meeting”) was within the jurisdiction of
the tribunal presiding over the First Arbitration (“the First Tribunal”). Chan
CJ applied Lord Halsbury’s test at [40] of the judgment to hold that the June
2001 meeting, being “ _a new difference_ arising after the First Tribunal had
been constituted” (original emphasis), was not an issue within the original
submission to arbitration, as such a new difference would have been “outside
the scope of the submission to arbitration and accordingly would have been
_irrelevant to the issues requiring determination_ in the First Arbitration.”
(original emphasis)

33 After holding at [26] of the judgment that the first critical finding made
by the subsequent tribunal (“the Second Tribunal”) in the course of the Second
Arbitration was irrelevant to the appeal, the Court of Appeal then had to
consider whether the second and third critical findings were within the scope
of submission to arbitration of the Second Tribunal. This, Chan CJ held at
[44] of the judgment, required the court to enter two separate but related
enquiries:

…first, the ascertainment of the matters that were within the scope of
submission to the Second Tribunal; and second, whether the second and third
critical findings involved such matters.

34 Cumulatively, these passages from _PT Asuransi_ make it clear that the
correct approach to be adopted, in response to a claim that an arbitral award
(or part thereof) was not within the scope of submission to arbitration, is
for the court to ascertain:

(a) the matters which were within the scope of submission to the arbitral
tribunal; and

(b) whether the arbitral award (or the part being impugned) involved such
matters, or whether it was a “new difference” which would have been
“irrelevant to the issues requiring determination” by the arbitral tribunal.

Application

35 The matters within the scope of submission were set out in [11] above, and
one such matter was whether SSGC’s breach of its obligations under the
Agreement was excused by reason of the practical constraints imposed by the
equipment SSGC was utilising.

36 Consequently, the Award clearly involved that matter. As HCPC submitted,
the _issue_ of whether SSGC was required by the Agreement to upgrade or
reconfigure its pipeline system in order to maintain sufficient gas supplies
to HCPC, as well as the very definition of the term “pipeline system”, was
well within the scope of submission to the Tribunal. It could not be said that
this issue was a _new difference irrelevant to the issues requiring
determination_ by the Tribunal, when it was precisely one of the issues the
Tribunal had to, and did, consider.

37 SSGC’s argument was not strengthened by its contention that the Tribunal’s
pronouncements on this issue involved a perverse and irrational construction
of the Agreement, and resulted in impossible obligations being imposed on
SSGC. Art 34(2)(_a_)(iii), Sch 1 of the Act, as Chan CJ explained in _PT
Asuransi_ , is concerned with the jurisdiction of an arbitral tribunal to
decide certain matters – it is not concerned with the substantive correctness
of the arbitral tribunal’s subsequent decision on a matter that was properly
within its jurisdiction. If an issue is firmly within the scope of submission
to arbitration, I fail to see how it can be taken outside the scope of
submission to arbitration simply because the arbitral tribunal comes to a
wrong, even manifestly wrong, conclusion on it. As I emphasised to counsel
during the oral argument, the setting aside provisions of the Model Law relate
primarily to ensuring that the process of the arbitration is fair. They are
not concerned with the substantive outcome.

38 As for SSGC’s complaint that the Award was made in manifest disregard of
the applicable principles of English law, this too was unsuccessful. Where an
arbitral tribunal correctly states but misapplies the law, this is an error of
law (and does not cease to be such even if the error is gross or egregious),
in respect of which no challenge lies under the Act: _PT Asuransi_ at [57].
Insofar as SSGC alleged that the Tribunal ignored “the matrix of facts”, this
was an allegation that the Tribunal committed an error of fact, in respect of
which there is also no remedy under the Act: _PT Asuransi_ at [57]. Neither
contention has any effect on the scope of submission to arbitration.

39 In any event, I should emphasise that I was not at all convinced that the
Tribunal had construed the Agreement irrationally or disregarded the
applicable principles of English law. The Tribunal was fully entitled to
prefer HCPC’s contentions to SSGC’s after having had the benefit of extensive
submissions and expert evidence with regard to whether it was necessary to
limit the meaning of the term “pipeline system” to a particular geographical
location, and whether it was possible or feasible to upgrade and/or
reconfigure SSGC’s pipeline system, and it did not thereby act irrationally,
or erroneously disregard the factual matrix surrounding the dispute. Even
assuming, however, that this had been the case, as I have explained in [37] \-
[38] above, an irrational decision would not have deprived the Tribunal of the
jurisdiction it plainly had to make that decision, and _a fortiori_ a merely
erroneous one.

40 It also appeared to me what SSGC was asking me to do was to delve into the
facts and the evidence and the submissions in order to conclude that the
Tribunal had erred in both law and fact. I was not only disinclined to pursue
such a course; I was not empowered to do so. The Act does not allow appeals.

41 For these reasons, I was not persuaded that the Award was outside the scope
of submission to arbitration.

The public policy argument

42 SSGC canvassed the same arguments in submitting that the Award contained
decisions on matters which were in conflict with the public policy of
Singapore, in breach of art 34(2)(_b_)(ii), Sch 1 of the Act. In short, SSGC
contended that public policy required that arbitral awards could not be so
perverse and manifestly unreasonable that no reasonable tribunal could
conclude that way.

43 I did not accept that the Award could be set aside on the basis of art
34(2)(_b_)(ii), Sch 1 of the Act.

The law

44 As I stated in _VV v VW_ [2008] 2 SLR(R) 929 at [17], assertions of breach
of public policy cannot be vague and generalised. It is incumbent on a party
seeking to challenge an award on this ground to identify the public policy
which the award allegedly breaches and to show which part of the award
conflicts with that public policy: _John Holland Pty Ltd (formerly known as
John Holland Construction & Engineering Pty Ltd) v Toyo Engineering Corp
(Japan)_ [2001] 1 SLR(R) 443 at [25].

45 No particular public policy of Singapore was identified by SSGC as having
been embarrassed by the Award, and in my judgment, the public policy argument
failed on this threshold point. Indeed, even on the assumption that SSGC’s
criticisms of the Award were well-founded, it is difficult to see what
particular public policy could be so identified.

46 Counsel for SSGC submitted that, following the Court of Appeal’s statements
in _PT Asuransi_ at [59], public policy would operate when upholding an
arbitral award would “shock the conscience”, and that it would “shock the
conscience” that the Award required HCPC to be supplied with gas for its
commercial purposes when SSGC lacked sufficient gas to supply to residential
users in order that they could keep themselves warm in winter.

47 This contention was misconceived. Paragraphs 5.25 and 5.26 of the Award
clearly stated that under the Agreement, residential users were to have
priority over HCPC’s Gas Allocation. Further, a fuller citation of the
relevant paragraphs of the Court of Appeal’s judgment in _PT Asuransi_ will
reveal that the public policy argument could not succeed:

57 …The legislative policy under the Act is to minimise curial intervention in
international arbitrations. Errors of law or fact made in an arbitral
decision, _per se_ , are final and binding on the parties and may not be
appealed against or set aside by a court except in the situations prescribed
under s 24 of the Act and Art 34 of the Model Law. While we accept that an
arbitral award is final and binding on the parties under s 19B of the Act, we
are of the view that the Act will be internally inconsistent if the public
policy provision in Art 34 of the Model Law is construed to enlarge the scope
of curial intervention to set aside errors of law or fact. For consistency,
such errors may be set aside only if they are outside the scope of submission
to arbitration. In the present context, **errors of law or fact** , **_per
se_****, do not engage the public policy of Singapore under Art 34(2)(b)(ii)
of the Model Law when they cannot be set aside under Art 34(2)(a)(iii) of the
Model Law**.

…

59 Although the concept of public policy of the State is not defined in the
Act or the Model Law, the general consensus of judicial and expert opinion is
that public policy under the Act encompasses a narrow scope. In our view, it
should only operate in instances where the upholding of an arbitral award
would “shock the conscience” (see _Downer Connect_ ([58] _supra_) at [136]),
or is “clearly injurious to the public good or … wholly offensive to the
ordinary reasonable and fully informed member of the public” (see _Deutsche
Schachbau v Shell International Petroleum Co Ltd_ [1987] 2 Lloyds’ Rep 246 at
254, _per_ Sir John Donaldson MR), or where it violates the forum’s most basic
notion of morality and justice: see _Parsons & Whittemore Overseas Co Inc v
Societe Generale de L’Industrie du Papier (RAKTA)_ 508 F 2d, 969 (2nd Cir,
1974) at 974. This would be consistent with the concept of public policy that
can be ascertained from the preparatory materials to the Model Law. As was
highlighted in the Commission Report (A/40/17), at para 297 (referred to in _A
Guide to the UNCITRAL Model Law on International Commercial Arbitration:
Legislative History and Commentary_ by Howard M Holtzmann and Joseph E Neuhaus
(Kluwer, 1989) at 914):

In discussing the term ‘public policy’, it was understood that it was not
equivalent to the political stance or international policies of a State but
comprised the _fundamental notions and principles of justice_ … It was
understood that the term ‘public policy’, which was used in the 1958 New York
Convention and many other treaties, covered fundamental principles of law and
justice in substantive as well as procedural respects. Thus, instances such as
_corruption_ , _bribery or fraud_ and similar serious cases would constitute a
ground for setting aside.

[Original emphasis in italics; emphasis added in bold]

48 It is clear, therefore, that in order for SSGC to have succeeded on the
public policy argument, it had to cross a very high threshold and demonstrate
egregious circumstances such as corruption, bribery or fraud, which would
violate the most basic notions of morality and justice. Nothing of the sort
had been pleaded or proved by SSGC, and its ambiguous contention that the
Award was “perverse” or “irrational” could not, of itself, amount to a breach
of public policy.

49 Further, as I have held in [41] above that the Award could not be set aside
under art 34(2)(_a_)(iii), Sch 1 of the Act, it follows from [57] of _PT
Asuransi_ that the Award could not be set aside under art 34(2)(_b_)(ii), Sch
1 of the Act either.

50 Therefore, I did not accept the public policy argument advanced by SSGC.

Conclusion

51 In sum, I dismissed SSGC’s application to set aside the Award because I did
not think the Award was perverse and manifestly unreasonable, and even if it
was, there was no provision in the Act which enabled me to set aside the Award
on that ground _per se_. Further, I was not convinced that, even if it could
be said that the Award was perverse, SSGC had demonstrated that the Award was
outside the scope of submission to arbitration (and therefore in breach of art
34(2)(_a_)(iii), Sch 1 of the Act) and/or that the Award was in conflict with
the public policy of Singapore (and therefore in breach of art 34(2)(_b_)(ii),
Sch 1 of the Act).

52 In view of my conclusion, since SSGC had failed in its application, I
ordered that it should pay costs to HCPC as taxed or agreed.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 23 Feb 2010 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

