Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Ho Kiang Fah _v_ Eileen Toh Buan  
[2010] SGHC 337

Case Number| :| Divorce Suit No 3914 of 2006 (Registrar's Appeal No 110 of
2010)  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 23 November 2010  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Quentin Loh J  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Appellant in person; Yap Teong Liang (T L Yap &
Associates) for the respondent.  
Parties| :|  Ho Kiang Fah — Eileen Toh Buan  
  
23 November 2010|  
---|---  
  
Quentin Loh J:

1 The parties obtained an interim judgment for the dissolution of their
marriage on 29 January 2008. The clearly protracted ancillary matters are
ongoing before the family court. Mr Yap, counsel for the wife, informs me that
those matters are on hold, pending resolution of this appeal. This appeal
involves the property known as 51 Jurong East Avenue 1, #18-03, Parc Oasis
(“the property”). It is part of the matrimonial estate. The property is owned
by the parties as tenants in common, in equal shares. There is a mortgage over
the property (“the mortgage”) in favour of DBS Bank Ltd (“the bank”).

2 This is an appeal against the decision of the learned district judge in
chambers in two applications regarding the property:

(a) The wife applied via Summons No 21581 of 2009 for, _inter alia_ , the
property to be sold on the open market, the proceeds to be used towards
repaying the mortgage loan, and the husband to be made liable for any
shortfall.

(b) The husband then applied via Summons No 1964 of 2010 for, _inter alia_ ,
the _wife’s half share_ in the property to be sold in the open market, the
proceeds to be used towards repaying the mortgage loan, and the wife to be
made liable for any shortfall. The husband also applied for the wife to pay
him $203,155.35, which he claimed was “excess payment” by him towards the
mortgage loan.

3 After hearing the parties, the learned district judge ordered the sale of
the _whole_ of the property and for the proceeds to be used to repay the
mortgage loan. She also stipulated that the parties were free to submit on
their entitlement to the surplus, if any, in the ancillary proceedings. If
there was a shortfall, it was to be borne by the parties equally, although in
all probability there would be a small surplus of some $55,000. The husband’s
application was dismissed. Costs were awarded to the wife.

4 The relevant facts are as follows. The mortgage loan was not being serviced.
At the end of 2009, the outstanding part of the mortgage loan stood at
$251,097.68.[note: 1] As of 14 May 2010 there were arrears in payment of
$31,484.79.[note: 2] When I heard the appeal, Mr Yap informed me that
$263,022.20 was owing to the bank. Against this state of affairs, there was
clearly a need to prevent the value of the property from wasting away because
of the continued failure to service the mortgage. Both parties recognised this
in praying for the sale of the property or part thereof. If the loan was not
being serviced, the bank would foreclose and proceed with a mortgagee’s sale.
The proceeds would in all probability be significantly lower than a sale in
the open market by either or both parties.

5 There were various allegations on both sides as to the extent of the
matrimonial estate, who contributed to the purchase of the property and
whether the husband failed to rent out the property and/or account for the
rental. It was not disputed that the property was under the husband’s control
and management.

6 Mr Yap also informed me that this was not the only real property in the
matrimonial estate: there was an apartment at Simei (which was the matrimonial
home and currently occupied by the husband rent-free), another apartment at
Aspen Heights and yet one more in Sofia Court, all of which were purchased
during the marriage. The apartment at Sofia Court had been disposed of in an
en bloc sale and the husband had kept the entire proceeds. These allegations
were also before the learned district judge and the husband did not deny this
below or before me.

7 The husband explained that he wanted to sell the wife’s half share and keep
his half share as a hedge against inflation in his old age. He was reticent in
explaining how it was commercially viable to sell a half-share in the open
market, and it was only when I pressed him on the point that he informed me,
with some degree of abashment, that the buyer would be his brother.

8 The husband also insisted that the wife redeem the property from the bank
from her own resources, alleging in this regard that she was still working at
OCBC Bank and could therefore well afford to take these steps, while he was a
retiree and had no funds. I gave the husband the option to do so without
imposing such conditions, after which both parties could go back to the
ancillary hearings on the division of matrimonial property. The husband
refused. He still wanted his wife to discharge the entire bank loan and to
sell her half share to his brother.

9 This is not the proper forum to raise these arguments and allegations
insofar as they pertain to the parties’ contributions and entitlement to the
property. They should be raised together in the ancillary hearings. My only
concern was the preservation of the property. In this regard, I was ultimately
not convinced that selling a half share to the husband’s brother was the best
way of realising the value of the property, as opposed to the sale of the
whole of the property on the open market and on the terms ordered by the
learned district judge. I therefore saw no reason to disturb the order of the
learned district judge in this regard.

10 I pause to observe, with regret, that the parties in making this
application seemed to have been obsessed with their own notions of who paid
for whose share. This was misguided. Proprietary notions of _meum et tuum_ are
irrelevant in the division of the matrimonial estate. More importantly, the
more pressing need was to preserve the property for division, and the
obviously sensible solution would have been for the parties to work out
between themselves a way to redeem the property or at least to keep up with
the mortgage payments, while deferring the question of entitlement to be
resolved in the ancillary proceedings. However, since both the parties
proceeded, in effect, on the basis of selling the property, there was nothing
the learned district judge could have done in this regard except to make the
very sensible orders that she did. I am not making any findings on the rival
contentions – they fall to be dealt with by the family court.

11 Having ordered the sale of the whole of the property in order to preserve
its value for division, the learned district judge was, in my view, plainly
right to decline to make any order on the parties’ entitlement to the proceeds
from the sale of the property. As a matter of substantive law, the division of
the matrimonial estate must be done holistically. As a matter of procedure,
therefore, attempts to deal with individual matrimonial assets separately from
the whole estate will not, as a rule, be countenanced. Divide and conquer is
not an available tactic in matrimonial proceedings. I note the husband tried
to do this earlier in respect to this property and failed (see Suit 45 of 2008
which was dismissed by Belinda Ang J and the husband’s appeal which was
dismissed by the Court of Appeal).

12 Since I saw no reason to disturb the learned district judge’s orders, I
therefore dismissed the appeal with costs to the wife. I fixed the costs of
the appeal, including disbursements, at $3,500.

* * *

[note: 1]Record of Appeal (“RA”) at p 122.

[note: 2]RA at p 157.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 23 Nov 2010 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

