Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Public Prosecutor _v_ Robiul Bhoreshuddin Mondal  
[2010] SGHC 10

Case Number| :| Criminal Case No 21 of 2009  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 11 January 2010  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Tay Yong Kwang J  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  S Sellakumaran and Natalie Morris, DPPs for the
Prosecution; G Radakrishnan (Infinitus Law Corporation) for the Accused.  
Parties| :|  Public Prosecutor — Robiul Bhoreshuddin Mondal  
  
11 January 2010|  
---|---  
  
Tay Yong Kwang J:

Introduction

1 The accused, born on 10 April 1972, faced seven charges. The first charge
concerned housebreaking by night by entering a house at 44 Holland Green (“the
house”) through a window in order to commit rape, an offence punishable under
s 457 of the Penal Code (Cap 224). The second charge alleged that he used
criminal force on a female, (“V”), intending to outrage her modesty, by
kissing her breasts and sucking her nipples, and that in order to commit this
offence, he voluntarily caused fear of instant death to V by threatening to
kill her if she made any noise, an offence punishable under s 354A(1) of the
Penal Code. Four charges alleged that he raped V by penetrating her vagina
with his penis without her consent, and that in order to commit the rape, he
put V in fear of death, offences punishable under s 375(3)(a)(ii) of the Penal
Code. Another charge alleged that he sexually penetrated V’s vagina with his
finger without her consent, and that in order to commit this offence, he put
her in fear of death, an offence punishable under s 376(4)(a)(ii) of the Penal
Code.

2 The housebreaking was allegedly committed at about 10.55pm on 23 June 2008,
while the outrage of modesty charge allegedly took place at about 11pm on the
same day. The other five offences allegedly happened between 11pm on 23 June
2008 and 12.30am on 24 June 2008. All six sexual offences were said to have
taken place in a small bedroom (“the maid’s room”) located at the back of the
house.

The facts

3 The accused is a Bangladeshi national. At the time of arrest in June 2008,
he was working as a gardener in Singapore.

4 V is an Indonesian national, born on 6 February 1985. Her parents are
farmers in Indonesia. V completed secondary school education. She could speak
Bahasa Indonesia and a smattering of English.

5 She arrived in Singapore on 16 June 2008 and commenced working as a domestic
helper at the house on Saturday, 21 June 2008, only two to three days before
the alleged incidents. Her employers and owners of the house were Dr and Mrs
Wujanto.

6 44 Holland Green is a three-storey, detached house in a quiet residential
area. It is located at the end of a row of similar houses. When V started work
at the house, she was given the use of the maid’s room at the back of the
house. The maid’s room, with the toilet next to it, was separated from the
main house by an outdoor wet kitchen area. The maid’s room and the toilet were
accessed through doors from this wet kitchen area. Access into the main house
from the wet kitchen area was by way of another door.

7 The maid’s room was furnished sparingly. It had a single bed with a pillow
and a bolster and two low chests of drawers. There was a table fan, three
small clocks and a radio placed on top of these two chests of drawers. As one
stands looking into the room from the doorway, there are two small top-hung
windows at the top left of the opposite wall, one above the other (“the small
window”). On the right side of that wall, there is a long casement window
(“the long window”) with a small top-hung window above it. Both sets of
windows had curtains at the material time. There are ledges on the outside of
these windows facing the barbecue pit and garden. The top of the ledge of the
long window is slightly below 130 cm measured from ground level outside. There
is an intercom set mounted on the wall facing the windows. Next to it are an
alarm switch (with a sticker stating “Alam”(sic)) and the ceiling light
switch. However, V did not know what the alarm switch was for as she was not
taught how to use it. An outdoor wall lamp would be turned on at night and
that provided some light in the maid’s room even with both sets of curtains
drawn.

8 V was taught how to open the main wooden door of the house but not the main
gates leading to the car porch which can be operated electronically from
inside the house. At the material time, she did not know how to operate the
intercom at all. Nothing eventful happened on the first day of her work. She
completed her household chores and went to bed at around 9.30pm after locking
the door of the maid’s room (using the locking mechanism in the door knob) and
turning on the table fan. All the windows in the maid’s room were closed and
the curtains drawn. She read English newspapers on her bed. She was not able
to sleep soundly as she was not used to the room and was frightened.

9 The next day, she went about her household duties. At night, she returned to
the maid’s room and locked its door. The two top-hung windows of the small
window were never opened. She latched the long window but could not see
whether the smaller top-hung one was also latched.

10 On Monday, 23 June 2008, she did her household duties. Later that morning,
Mrs Wujanto asked her to go outside the main gates of the house to show her
how to wash the rubbish bins. After about five minutes, they went back into
the house.

11 At about noon, Mrs Wujanto drove out to buy lunch. V was alone in the
house. She did not speak to anyone. After a while, Mrs Wujanto returned and
they had lunch.

12 After lunch, V went to hang up the laundry at the side of the house. The
maid from the adjacent house spoke to her over the low wall. They introduced
themselves. After about five minutes, V went back into the house.

13 At night, she returned to the maid’s room, locked the door, switched on the
table fan and the ceiling light and then fell asleep as she was exhausted.
Suddenly, she woke up to find that the room light and the table fan had been
switched off and that there was someone lying next to her. She was nearer the
windows. She shouted “Hah!” but was told in Malay by the man not to make any
noise or he would use a knife to kill her and “throw” her. She did not see any
knife.

14 V felt very frightened and weak. The man placed his leg on top of her legs
and held her hands. He asked her when she arrived and how long she would be
there. He also asked her for her name and whether the maid in the adjacent
house was also Indonesian. V remained silent. He then asked V whether she was
married and she said she was not. He asked her whether she wished to marry
him. She replied that she did not as she wanted to earn money. He also asked
her whether she wanted to “follow” him or not. She told him, “No”.

15 Suddenly, the man knelt astride her body and took off his shirt. He held on
to her hands. She tried to struggle but could not free herself. He then took
off her shorts and her panties. After that, he undid her top and removed it
and her brassiere. He squeezed her right breast and kissed the nipple. He
wanted to kiss her lips but she spat at his lips.

16 He then took off his pants. The maid’s room was not in total darkness
although she could not see clearly. He forced her legs apart and then inserted
his penis into her vagina. As she was a virgin, she felt great pain, “as if
poked with a knife”. He moved his penis inside her for a few minutes and then
lay down beside her, holding on to her wrists. After about two minutes, he
went on top of her again and tried to kiss her lips but only managed to kiss
her eyebrow.

17 He then took the pillow from the floor and placed it under her head. He
then raped her a second time. Again it was a painful experience for V. After
moving his penis inside her for a few minutes, he lay down beside her. There
was no conversation.

18 After a few minutes, the man tried to insert his penis into her again but
had a bit of difficulty doing so. He then inserted a finger into her vagina.
After that, he raped her a third time. She tried to shout but he said he would
kill her with a knife if she did. After that, he lay beside her again, still
holding on to her hands and with his legs on her body. She pleaded with him
not to bother her and asked him to leave. He refused.

19 Later, the man raped her a fourth time. She tried to struggle. She felt
that her vagina was wet. After that, he took her blanket and used it to wipe
his penis. He asked her whether she had a mobile phone. She kept quiet. He
wanted to call her on her employers’ telephone line but she asked him not to.
He told her that he knew the telephone number of the house and that her
employers would not be home during the day and that Mrs Wujanto would go out
to buy lunch for V. He asked V whether she would like him to bring her food
and fruits which he could place next to the maid’s room the next time he went
there. After that, he took out some money notes from his trousers and placed
them in her right hand. A total of $28 was subsequently found on the bed. She
closed her eyes as she was afraid to look. He then left. She did not see him
leave but she heard the shutting of the room door.

20 It was past midnight when the man left the maid’s room. V sat on her bed
for the next two hours or so as she was frightened. After that, she went to
open the kitchen door (leading into the main house) and ran upstairs to her
employers’ bedroom on the second level of the house and banged on the bedroom
door. When her employers opened the door, she told them that someone had
entered the house. Dr Wujanto went down to take a look while V remained
upstairs with Mrs Wujanto. When he returned, they asked her what had happened
and she told them she had been raped. They called the police immediately.

21 The police arrived. A police woman went upstairs to meet V and Mrs Wujanto
in the bedroom. V explained to her what had happened. They then went
downstairs. There were a lot of police officers in the house. When they asked
V to go to the maid’s room, she screamed and cried and refused to go there.
They calmed her down and gave her a change of clothing.

22 Later, they brought V to the National University Hospital for a medical
examination. The nurses asked her whether she would like them to inform her
family in Indonesia. She did not wish to as her parents would be very upset.
She was examined by a doctor and found to have fresh tears in her vagina. Her
hymen was also found not to be intact.

23 Three days later, the police brought a man (the accused) to the playground
that was beside 44 Holland Green and asked V to look at him from inside the
compound of the house. V was not able to say whether that was the man who had
attacked her in the maid’s room as she could not see her attacker’s face
clearly. She believed that she had seen the man (who was with the police)
before but was not entirely sure.

24 In cross-examination, V said that the maid agency fee that she had to pay
amounted to eight months of her salary. $310 per month would go towards
discharging the fee and she would get the balance of $10 per month for
herself. She had worked before in Indonesia in a clothing shop and also as a
maid. She had had two boyfriends while she was in Indonesia.

25 On 24 June 2008, she was menstruating and had a sanitary pad inside her
panties. However, she did not tell the accused about it. She did tell him her
fear of getting pregnant. She did not scream throughout the incident as she
was afraid. She denied that the sexual acts with the accused were consensual
ones. The defence informed V that the accused was doing gardening in 57
Holland Green that morning and went across to 44 Holland Green to collect some
money from Mrs Wujanto. She denied having spoken to the accused earlier that
day (when she was washing the rubbish bins outside the main gates) and asking
him to go to the park next to the house that night. As she had started work
only a few days earlier, she knew no one in that area. Up to the day she
testified in court, she had not seen the accused’s face. She denied meeting
the accused that night and asking him to go to the main gates so that she
could open them from inside (using the intercom set in the maid’s room) and
let him into the compound of the house. She said she did not even know how to
use the intercom to open the main gates then. She denied the rest of the
accused’s story about their alleged conversation at the long window (with the
accused standing outside in the garden) and how she eventually allowed him
into the maid’s room and had sex with him. The accused did offer to buy her a
mobile phone but she did not ask him for one. She also did not ask him for a
necklace. He was the one who said the words “Kita happy happy” sometime after
raping her. She did not open the main gates using the intercom set to let him
out of the compound.

26 Mrs Wujanto testified that at about 10am on 23 June 2008, the accused,
known to her as Robin, rang the doorbell of 44 Holland Green to collect his
money. The accused did gardening work for her neighbour at 57 Holland Green
once a week. As the neighbour was overseas, she asked Mrs Wujanto to pay the
accused on her behalf. On the fourth week of every month, she would pay the
accused $130 when he went to the house to collect his pay. This was the
arrangement for about two years. V was in the house and did not meet the
accused.

27 About an hour after the accused left 44 Holland Green that day, Mrs Wujanto
went out with V to wash the rubbish bins. After about ten minutes, she went
back into the house, leaving V to continue with the washing. V went into the
house one or two minutes later.

28 At around noon, Mrs Wujanto drove out to buy lunch. She saw the accused
still at 57 Holland Green. Two things struck her as being unusual. Firstly,
she had never seen the accused working until so late in her neighbour’s house.
Secondly, he appeared not to be working but merely standing behind the gates
and looking at her when she drove out of 44 Holland Green. She was not alarmed
as she knew who the accused was. In fact, she had met the accused some time
ago when he was working in Duchess Court condominium where her neighbour used
to live.

29 Mrs Wujanto and her husband went to bed at close to midnight on 23 June
2008. At about 2am on 24 June 2008, V went up to their bedroom and knocked on
the door. She said there was an intruder in the maid’s room. As Mrs Wujanto
did not speak Bahasa Indonesia, her husband did the interpretation. V was very
tense, disturbed and upset, jumping about, and could not tell them exactly
what had happened. Worried for the safety of her husband, Mrs Wujanto
accompanied him downstairs to look around. They could not find any intruder.
They called the police subsequently to report that there was an intruder and
went back to their bedroom. Upon further questioning, V told them that she had
been raped. V was very traumatised when she was speaking.

30 Mrs Wujanto added that there was an alarm for the door that led from the
wet kitchen area into the house. It was not activated between 21 and 23 June
2008 as there was a new maid in the house who had to learn many things and she
did not want to upset her neighbours in case the new maid set off the alarm by
mistake. That door was merely locked at night during that period. The intercom
set was also not used during that period as its operation was complicated. It
could open the main gates but V was not taught how to do that during the
material time. It would be quite noisy when the main gates are opened that
way. The maids were not given the key to the door of the maid’s room.

31 The last maid at 44 Holland Green had been dismissed about a month before V
started work as she was found to be pregnant after working for less than six
months. The accused had done odd jobs at 44 Holland Green before. He trimmed
the branches of the trees in and outside the compound. On one occasion, he
helped Mrs Wujanto clear leaves from the top of the car porch. He was very
quick and agile. On 23 June 2008, the accused asked her whether there was any
work for him to do but she was busy and did not give him any work.

32 V’s services were terminated in February 2009 as she was not performing
well in her work.

33 Dr Wujanto’s evidence was similar to that of his wife. He said that V was
very distraught and kept uttering, “There is a man, there is a man” in Bahasa
Indonesia when she went up to his bedroom. When he went downstairs to look
around the house, it was very dark in the garden area outside the maid’s room.
The outdoor light outside the maid’s room was turned off when they retired for
the night because the playground next to the house was well lit. The lights at
the main gates, however, would be switched on throughout the night. He did not
pay attention to the windows in the maid’s room. As far as he could recall,
they were shut but he could not say whether they were also latched.

34 When the police arrived at the house in the early hours of 24 June 2008,
they found V in a traumatised state in the bedroom upstairs. She was seated on
the floor in a crouched position and cried and screamed when questions were
asked of her. When they managed to calm V down, she told them she had been
raped by an unknown man who had threatened to kill her if she made any noise.
Investigations by the police led to the discovery of a fingerprint on the door
knob of the maid’s room. There was no sign of forced entry into the room.
Later that day, the fingerprint was traced to the right thumbprint of the
accused (as he was a work permit holder, his fingerprint was stored in a
police database). The police did not dust for fingerprints in the other parts
of the maid’s room or on the windows and their ledges outside at that time.

35 Suriakumar Ridgeway (“Suriakumar”) is the managing director of Shakti
Management Pte Ltd, the employers of the accused since April 2000. The company
provides workers for jobs in shipyards. After some time, the accused somehow
ended up doing his own gardening work and did not return to the company’s
quarters. When the police asked Suriakumar to help locate the accused, he
asked his friend, Ananthan (“Anan”), to handle the matter as Anan was closer
to the workers. He called the accused and asked him to contact Anan.

36 When the accused called Anan, he asked Anan why Suriakumar and he wanted to
see him. The conversation was in English. The accused told Anan that his body
was shaking and asked him whether it was about sex with a maid. He told Anan
that he had gone out with a maid and had consensual sex with her, that the
maid asked him for money and as he did not want to give it to her, she might
have reported him. Anan did not know then why the police was looking for the
accused and merely told the accused to meet him the next day. The accused knew
it was a police problem and said he wanted to go back to Bangladesh. This last
sentence was mentioned by Anan only in court. He had forgotten about this when
the police was taking his statement.

37 The next day (25 June 2008), Suriakumar and Anan went to meet the police at
9am. At about 11am, they went to pick up the accused and drove to a restaurant
in Birch Road. They then informed the police about their location. About ten
minutes later, police officers arrived and arrested the accused.

38 Anan agreed in cross-examination that the accused had told him to help
bring his brother to Singapore but denied that the accused had deposited
$3,000 with him for that purpose.

39 The accused made several statements to the police. Two oral statements were
made at about 2.15pm and 3.15pm respectively on 25 June 2008. The accused
spoke good Malay and could also speak English fairly well. The communication
was in Malay. In the first statement, the accused said that he had sex with
the maid on a bench in the park next to 44 Holland Green. He said that he saw
the maid for the first time on 23 June 2008 when she was outside the house
washing the rubbish bins with Mrs Wujanto. He claimed that the maid asked him
to meet at 10pm that night in the park and that he did not enter the compound
of the house.

40 The accused was then brought to 44 Holland Green. The second oral statement
was made there. He showed the police officers the pathway outside the
perimeter wall of the house and told them that he and the maid had sex at the
end of that pathway, in a standing position. He said that he did not enter 44
Holland Green that night. However, he could not tell them the maid’s name. He
also could not explain why he changed the place of the sexual intercourse from
the park bench to the pathway.

41 The police then drove to 4 Jalan Pandan as the accused had told them that
he resided there. They then returned to 44 Holland Green where the police
interviewed V for about half an hour.

42 At about 9.34am on 30 June 2008, the accused’s statement was recorded in
the Police Cantonment Complex. In the afternoon, he was brought to 44 Holland
Green where he made an oral statement at about 4.44pm. The admissibility of
these two statements was challenged by the accused and will be dealt with
below.

43 At about 5.11pm that day, they arrived at 4 Jalan Pandan so that the
accused could get some of his personal belongings. They met the house owner,
Dennis Hugh Murphy (“Murphy”). Murphy asked him what had happened and the
accused told him in English, “I raped girl”.

44 Scientific evidence confirmed that the DNA profile extracted from the
seminal fluids obtained from V’s panties, sanitary pad and her vaginal area
matched the DNA profile extracted from the accused’s blood sample. The accused
was also found not to be suffering from any erectile dysfunction.

45 The accused underwent a psychological assessment in July 2008. He was
examined by Dr Lim Boon Leng (“Dr Lim”), the Registrar of the Department of
General and Forensic Psychiatry, Institute of Mental Health (“IMH”), on 7 and
11 July 2008. They communicated in simple English. The accused was calm and
cooperative. He was not depressed and demonstrated no abnormal behaviour
during his remand.

46 The accused told Dr Lim that he first saw V in the morning of 23 June 2008
when he was doing gardening work and she was clearing the rubbish bin. That
night, he cycled for 30 minutes from his home to 44 Holland Green. He arrived
there at about 11pm. He entered the compound of the house from the back by
climbing over a low wall and then over the fence. He went to the maid’s room
but found the door locked. He subsequently climbed into the maid’s room
through a window. Once he was inside the room, he switched off the light. He
woke V up and placed his hand over her mouth when she shouted. He admitted
that he threatened to hit her if she shouted. He then took off her brassiere
and underwear and proceeded to penetrate her vagina with his penis. He did not
ask her for permission before doing so. Later, he ejaculated outside her
vagina and cleaned himself with her blanket. The accused also said that he
offered to buy V a mobile phone. He gave her some money before leaving the
room.

47 Dr Lim was of the opinion that the accused was not of unsound mind and was
fit to plead in court. He added that during the first interview, the accused
said he penetrated V once but during the second interview, he said, “Then I do
again”.

48 V underwent a psychological assessment in November 2008 at the IMH. Dr
Kenneth Koh, a consultant psychiatrist, examined her on 4 November 2008 and
also interviewed Mrs Wujanto. V was able to give a coherent account of the
alleged rapes which was fairly consistent with her testimony in court. Dr
Kenneth Koh opined that V suffered from an acute stress reaction subsequent to
the alleged rapes with features of depression and post traumatic disorder but
had recovered largely since then.

The trial within a trial

49 As mentioned in [42] above, the admissibility of two statements made on 30
June 2008 was in issue. A trial within a trial was conducted accordingly to
determine their admissibility. The first statement was recorded in the morning
by SSI Thermizi Tho (“SSI Tho”) with the assistance of a female Bengali
interpreter. After that, the accused had his lunch. At about 4.22pm, SSI Tho
and two other police officers brought the accused to 44 Holland Green because
the accused had mentioned something in the morning that warranted bringing him
there to verify what he had said.

50 At the house, SSI Tho recorded in the field diary a summary of what the
accused said. The whole process took about 30 minutes. The summary was not
signed by the accused as there was no need to. It was consistent with his
written statement recorded in the morning.

51 Under cross-examination, SSI Tho agreed that he asked the accused whether
he had a key to the maid’s room’s door. The accused told him that he did not.
SSI Tho believed that the accused had such a key as the long window was shut
and latched but the top-hung window above it was left ajar and he did not
think that anyone could have entered the maid’s room through that top-hung
window.

52 SSI Tho denied calling the accused “You bloody Bangla bastard”. He also
denied that he threatened to hit the accused with his laptop when he did not
hand over the door key. He further denied that he offered the accused a
reduction from the (then) four charges to two- if he was cooperative. He
asserted that he did not say that he would write to the judge to recommend a
lighter sentence for the accused so that the accused could go home earlier. He
agreed that the accused was in a T-shirt and shorts but he did not think that
the temperature in the interview room was very cold. He disagreed that he did
not record what the accused said but put facts not narrated by the accused
into his statement. He did not ask the accused about the money in the maid’s
room as he had inadvertently omitted to do so. It was after the accused said
that he entered the maid’s room via the window that the police dusted the
window for fingerprints but found no latent fingerprints. There were also no
footprints found on the window ledges.

53 SSI Tho agreed that the accused subsequently made cautioned statements in
February 2009 under s122(6) of the Criminal Procedure Code (“CPC”) (Cap 68)
stating that he and V had sex with each other willingly. This was at the
remand prison in the presence of another interpreter (a male). The accused had
also made such a cautioned statement on 26 June 2008 claiming that sex was
consensual.

54 The female interpreter, Nandani, was a free-lance interpreter called by the
police to assist every now and then. Her evidence was essentially the same as
that of SSI Tho. She agreed that the accused told her he was feeling cold but
not that he could not carry on with the recording of his statement because of
that. Most accused persons would say that it was very cold but the temperature
in the interview room seemed normal to her. She did not think that the
temperature there was any different from that in the lock-up. SSI Tho informed
the accused that the air-conditioning was central-controlled and could not be
adjusted. She interpreted whatever was said between SSI Tho and the accused.
After SSI Tho had typed the statement, he read it back to the accused.

55 Nandani denied having told the accused that if he cooperated with the
officer, the officer would write to the judge to recommend a lighter sentence
or that the officer would reduce the number of charges from four to two. She
also denied that she was taking a nap at times in the corner of the room
during the interview and that the accused was afraid to sign the statement.
She did not recall any threats by SSI Tho. For the cautioned statement on 26
June 2008 (see [53] above), she also interpreted whatever the accused said,
whether positive or negative. Her work with the police was not her sole source
of income as she did interpretation work for other entities as well. She did
not tell the accused that he must say the same thing consistently, even with
the doctor, or SSI Tho would not “do good things” for him.

56 ASP Burhanudeen accompanied SSI Tho and the accused when they went to 44
Holland Green on 30 June 2008. There was no threat, inducement or promise made
by anyone to the accused.

57 The accused said he had coffee and a small piece of bread before the
interview in the morning of 30 June 2008. When he told SSI Tho that he did not
have any key to the maid’s room, the officer simulated the raising of his
laptop and a book as if to hit the accused and said, “Bastard Bangla, I want
the key now, give the key to me now”. Later, the accused asked the interpreter
what would happen if he confessed. She replied that the officer would write to
the judge but the sentence would be decided by the judge and not the officer.
After that, SSI Tho wrote something and the accused said “yes” to everything
that was asked of him. SSI Tho “wrote according to his will” and did not want
to hear what the accused said. At times during the interview, the interpreter
was sleeping. SSI Tho said he would write to the judge for lenient punishment
and that the judge would decide the punishment. He then asked the accused to
sign the statement as it “is the rule of the court”. SSI Tho also told him
that if he cooperated with him, he would reduce the four charges to two.

58 The interpreter told the accused to listen to SSI Tho. The accused did not
know what was written in the statement, parts of which were wrong and parts
correct. It was not read back to him. The interpreter also told him to say the
same thing everywhere, or the officer would bring him back and may torture
him. Because of that, he said what he did to Dr Lim of the IMH (see [46]
above). The accused spoke about the money and the gold chain but was told by
the interpreter it was not necessary to record those things.

59 The accused said he confessed that he entered the maid’s room through the
window because he was told to say so by the officer and the interpreter. He
confessed because he believed them and because he had entered the house
illegally without the owners’ permission, although he had V’s permission. He
thought the charge was for entering the house without permission. He did not
understand the meaning of “rape”. He had never encountered any trouble with
the police before in his 8 years in Singapore.

60 In the afternoon, at 44 Holland Green, he merely told SSI Tho that he
entered through the window but did not say how he did so. He did not
demonstrate the entry to the officer. He said he entered via the window as he
could not produce the door key. He had been advised earlier by the interpreter
that if he said that, SSI Tho would not force him to produce the key. The
truth was that he entered the maid’s room on 23 June 2008 via the door. What
he told SSI Tho in the cautioned statements on 16 February 2009 in the remand
prison was the truth.

61 SSI Tho told the accused what the alleged rape scenario was. The narration
did not emanate from the accused who did not even know that SSI Tho had
written such in the statement. As he did not understand the meaning of
“charge” at that time, the promise to reduce the number of charges had no
effect on him signing the statement.

62 The only reason why the accused signed the statement was because he was
assured by the interpreter that the officer would write to the judge to ask
for leniency for him. He added later that it was the interpreter who suggested
that he say that he went into the maid’s room through the same window where he
and V were having a conversation on 23 June 2008. The temperature in the
interview room was not as cold as that in the lock-up. The accused had a runny
nose on 30 June 2008 and was shivering. He asked for some Panadol tablets but
was not given any although others were given the medicine. The four hours or
so that the statement took to complete in the morning seemed like only an hour
or so to him.

The decision of the court in the trial within a trial

63 It was not disputed that SSI Tho allowed the accused to say whatever he
wanted in the cautioned statements recorded before and after 30 June 2008. In
all these statements, the accused claimed that all the sexual activities
between him and V were consensual. If SSI Tho wanted to incriminate the
accused unfairly, it would be very strange for him to have allowed the accused
to make contradictory assertions before and after the statements of 30 June
2008. He might as well have coerced or somehow induced the accused to confess
to the alleged crimes in the cautioned statements. As he did not do that, it
showed that he was not out to pressurize the accused to incriminate himself.

64 I disbelieved the accused’s claim that the charges were not explained
adequately to him or that he did not understand the meaning of “charge”. He
clearly understood that he was being accused of rape when making the first
cautioned statement four days earlier. Following from [63] above, I also
disbelieved his testimony that the bulk of his statement was composed by SSI
Tho without any input from him. There was no conceivable reason why the police
should favour V to the extent of framing the accused in the manner alleged.

65 Nandani was not beholden to SSI Tho. Interpretation work for the police
constituted only about 10% of her monthly income. She was also forthright in
saying that the accused did complain about being cold during the interview. I
have no doubt that she was not the unscrupulous interpreter that the accused
had made her out to be. SSI Tho also said that the police used whichever
interpreter was available at any particular time.

66 There would have been no need for SSI Tho to go to 44 Holland Green again
on 30 June 2008 if he did not have to check something. He had to go there that
day because the accused volunteered the information about entry via the
window, something that the investigators initially ruled out because of the
fingerprint on the door knob of the maid’s room.

67 The accused’s testimony concerning the recording of his statement on 30
June 2008 was perplexing. Since things were not properly explained to him and
the bulk of the material came from SSI Tho and not from him, how was he able
to give a consistent account of the incident to Dr Lim of the IMH about a week
later?

68 Despite the allegations about threats of violence and inducement, the
accused’s testimony was that he signed the impugned statement only because of
the promise to write to the judge for leniency. Similarly, I disbelieved these
allegations. For argument’s sake, even if the threats and other inducements
did happen, they had no effect at all on him signing the statement. They also
appear to have no effect on him on 16 February 2009 when he was charged with
other offences as he was able to state his defence to those charges.

69 The oral statement made in the afternoon of 30 June 2008 was merely a
follow-up of the morning’s proceedings. Based on my findings about the
morning’s events, there could have been nothing to render this statement
inadmissible.

70 On the totality of the evidence adduced in the trial within a trial, I was
satisfied beyond reasonable doubt that the impugned statements of 30 June 2008
were made voluntarily. I therefore admitted them in evidence.

Continuation of the trial proper

71 In the statement made in the morning of 30 June 2008, the accused said that
he worked for five years as a gardener in Brunei before coming to Singapore.
There, he learnt slowly to speak in English and in Malay. He did odd jobs in
44 Holland Green when asked by Mrs Wujanto to do so. About two to three months
earlier, he started a sexual relationship with Alee, the previous maid there.
She was also from Indonesia. He got to know her because of his work at 57
Holland Green. Alee would telephone him whenever the house owners were not in.
He went to the house seven or eight times at night and had sex with Alee in
the maid’s room. He caused her to be pregnant and she was then repatriated to
Indonesia.

72 The accused had two bicycles which he used to travel from place to place to
do gardening work. He also knew two other females from the Philippines working
as maids in Singapore. He had a sexual relationship with one of them.

73 He said he saw Mrs Wujanto and V on 23 June 2008 when they were washing the
rubbish bins outside the house. V did not talk to him or smile at him. He
decided to return to the house that night, planning to have sex with V. At
about 10.30pm, he left his residence at 4 Jalan Pandan (Murphy’s house)(see
[43] above) and cycled to Holland Green. When he arrived there, he pushed his
bicycle along a path next to the canal that was more or less parallel to
Holland Green. When he reached the back of 44 Holland Green, he placed his
bicycle on the ground and climbed up the perimeter wall and “went through a
small hole among the iron grille” and entered the compound. He had always
entered the house the same way when he went to meet Alee as he did not dare to
enter via the main gates at the front, even when he was told that the house
owners were not at home.

74 He noticed that the light in the maid’s room was on. He tried to open the
room door but it was locked. He knocked on it lightly, thinking that V was
still awake. When there was no response, he went back to the garden area
behind the maid’s room. He saw that the long window was shut but the top-hung
one above it was open. He climbed onto the window ledge and stood on it. He
then put his arm through the top-hung window and unlatched the long window. He
opened the long window and moved the curtains aside. V was sleeping on the bed
inside the room. He climbed slowly into the room and then switched off the
light.

75 After that, he sat on the bed. He pushed V’s shoulder and she woke up. When
she screamed, he quickly used his right hand to cover her mouth and told her
in Malay not to make any noise as he had a knife and would use it on her if
she made noise. He actually did not have any knife on him. V kept quiet and
still. He tried to strike up a conversation with her. He asked her how much
her agency took from her salary and she told him eight months’ worth of it. He
tried to kiss her but she turned her face away and shouted. He covered her
mouth and told her he would “throw” her away. She then kept quiet again.

76 He unbuttoned her blouse and took it off. He then removed her brassiere and
kissed her breasts and sucked her nipples. She kept saying that she did not
like it and was trying to move her body away from him but could not as he was
astride her thighs. He then took off her shorts, not knowing whether the
panties came off as well as it was dark. However, V was naked when he touched
her. He then stripped and pushed her legs apart. When his penis penetrated her
vagina, she said it was painful and told him to stop by saying “chukup”
(enough) but he continued his thrusting actions for a few minutes. He then
withdrew his penis and sat next to her.

77 The accused asked V whether she needed anything, saying that he wanted to
buy her a mobile phone. He then penetrated her vagina again with his penis.
Again she said it was painful and asked him to stop. He continued with the
intercourse for a few minutes and then ejaculated outside her body. There was
only a small amount of semen as he was afraid that V would shout. He took her
blanket to wipe his penis. After that, he got dressed and told her that he
would be back the following Sunday with her mobile phone. He then left via the
room door after turning a button in the door knob to unlock it. He was
familiar with the door because of his past visits to Alee.

78 The accused added in the statement that he was sorry and regretted what he
had done when he could not control himself. He also apologised for lying that
he and V had sex in the park willingly.

79 When the accused was brought by the police officers to 44 Holland Green in
the afternoon of 30 June 2008, he repeated to SSI Tho the route that he took
on the night of 23 June 2008 to reach 44 Holland Green and how he entered the
compound and the maid’s room. They then brought him to 4 Jalan Pandan to
retrieve some of his personal belongings (also at [43] above). When Murphy
asked the accused what was the matter, he replied in English, “I raped girl”.

80 SSI Tho said that V’s blanket was subsequently examined with an ultra
violet light scan but no semen was found. He also said that when the police
arrived at the house in the morning of the incident on 24 June 2008, the long
window was shut but the top-hung one above it was slightly open. He did not
think too much about it then as it was not possible for a man to climb into
the maid’s room through that top-hung window. There were no visible
fingerprints on the long window and no visible palm prints or footprints on
the window ledge.

81 On 13 May 2009, SSI Tho went to 44 Holland Green with defence counsel as
the latter wanted to take photographs of the house and its surroundings.
There, SSI Tho enacted the entry into the maid’s room in the way described by
the accused. He could not ask the accused to demonstrate the entry when they
were at the house on 30 June 2008 as the accused’s arms had to be kept
restrained. Further, the accused may be injured during any demonstration by
him.

Submissions on no case to answer

82 The defence argued at the conclusion of the prosecution’s evidence that
there was no case for the accused to answer. This was because V testified that
all the windows in the maid’s room were closed on the night in question and
there was therefore no way anyone could have entered via the windows. The
accused was about 1.6m tall while SSI Tho was 1.78m tall. Even if the accused
managed to lift himself up to the ledge outside the long window, he could not
reach in through the top-hung window above to unlatch the long window.
Further, the room door was locked. There was therefore no way of access into
the maid’s room at all. The only explanation must be that V let the accused in
and that the sexual acts were all consensual.

83 The prosecution submitted that V was clearly traumatised on 24 June 2008.
The accused would have to explain at the very least why he said what he did in
the statement of 30 June 2008. The distance from the opening in the top-hung
window to the latch of the long window was about 0.5m only. SSI Tho’s arm had
excess length to reach the latch. The accused’s shorter arm should be able to
reach it too.

The decision of the court on no case to answer

84 Forced entry into the maid’s room might have been difficult but it was
certainly not impossible. The statement made by the accused in the morning of
30 June 2008 has been ruled admissible and it is highly incriminating. In the
light of all the evidence adduced, clearly the accused’s defence had to be
called on all the charges.

The case for the accused

85 The accused testified in his own defence. Murphy was also called as a
character witness for the accused.

86 The accused received his education in Bangladesh until grade 10. He used to
be a farmer. He is divorced. His eight year old daughter is with his former
wife. In Singapore, he earned $700 to $800pm as a gardener and remitted $400
to $500pm to his family comprising his father, five sisters and two brothers.
He corrected this during cross-examination, saying that he misunderstood his
counsel’s questions. He actually earned between $900 and $1,500pm, depending
on the weather. He managed to have savings every month after taking care of
all his expenses.

87 He worked in Duchess Court condominium for about six years and got to know
Mrs Wujanto because she used to visit the owner of 57 Holland Green who was
formerly living in that condominium. He last worked as a gardener in houses in
the Holland Road/Bukit Timah area. He did grass cutting for Murphy. About
seven to eight months ago, Murphy agreed to rent half his house to the accused
at $300pm.

88 Murphy, a retired teacher and a widower, saw the accused as a “first grade
guy, completely trustworthy”. He was helpful and would re-stock the
refrigerator for Murphy as he knew that Murphy had difficulty walking. The
accused’s girlfriend used to go to Murphy’s house to clean up and to cook.

89 On 30 June 2008, when the police brought the accused to 4 Jalan Pandan, he
asked the accused what was the matter and was told, “I rape girl” or words to
that effect. That was totally out of character for the accused as far as
Murphy was concerned. He did not think that the accused understood “rape” in
any legal sense. While the accused’s English was acceptable for daily
communication, it was not that good.

90 On 23 June 2008, when the accused went to 44 Holland Green to collect his
pay, V, who was working behind the main gates, smiled at him. Later, when he
was outside 57 Holland Green sweeping the ground after dumping a bundle of cut
branches in a rubbish truck, he saw V washing the rubbish bins outside 44
Holland Green. Mrs Wujanto had already gone back into the house.

91 V started talking to him in Malay. She called him “Abang” (brother) and
asked him to go to the park at 10.30pm that night because she wanted to talk
to him. He agreed and then continued with his work. At about 12.15pm, he left
for his residence to have lunch and then proceeded to a house in Victoria Park
to do work. In the evening, he returned home again for dinner.

92 At about 10.10pm, he cycled to Holland Green and went all the way down that
road to the cul-de-sac just after 44 Holland Green and waited at a bench at
the playground beside the house. He did not know that he could get there by
the pathway next to the canal. The public lights at the playground were
switched on and so were the gate lights and the garden lights of 44 Holland
Green.

93 After a while, V waved to him from within the compound of the house. He
walked over to meet her. V told him that Mrs Wujanto was in and she therefore
could not go out of the house. She said there was a phone in the maid’s room
which the employer could use to check on her. She told him that she would open
the main gates for him. The accused replied that he was afraid as Mrs Wujanto
was in the house. V then told him that Mrs Wujanto had gone upstairs for the
night. The accused walked towards the main gates of the house. They opened
outwards. He walked in and saw two cars parked in the compound. He was curious
and wanted to hear what V had to say to him.

94 The accused walked to the garden area outside the long window of the maid’s
room. V opened the long window and they talked there, with V in the room and
he standing outside the window. When he asked her where the phone was, she
pointed it out to him. She asked him to help her as she had just arrived in
Singapore. She wanted a mobile phone but would have no salary for eight months
because it was used to pay the maid agency. The accused looked into his wallet
and saw only $28 inside. V introduced herself as Eli. She told him that she
had no working clothes and no trousers. The accused told her he would bring
some for her the next day. When he asked her what sort of mobile phone she
liked, she said she liked Nokia very much. The accused said that he would
bring one for her in a week’s time.

95 V then asked him for batteries for the radio in her room. The accused asked
for the radio, took a look at the old batteries and then said he would bring
some new ones for her the next day. He would place all the things requested by
her next to the rubbish bins outside the house. V wanted to call Indonesia on
his mobile phone but the accused advised her against it as her employers might
hear her.

96 The accused next asked V what she would give him in exchange for the mobile
phone and the money. V replied that they can be “happy, happy”. He asked to
enter her room and she consented. He pushed the long window a little to shut
it. She closed it from within the room and then latched it. He was hoping that
they would do some petting and kissing. He walked to the wet kitchen area. He
was not wearing any shoes then as he had left them near the barbecue pit in
the garden area as his shoes were not clean. He could not open the room door
and she opened it for him. When he went in, he closed the door and then gave
her the money. She was sitting on her bed. The room light was off but there
was light filtering in from the garden light, the upper floors of the house
and the neighbouring house. She put the money into a drawer.

97 V closed the room door. The windows were shut and the curtains were drawn.
They started kissing and caressing. The accused asked her to move further into
the bed. She lay down and they continued with their kissing and touching. She
then unbuttoned her blouse and asked him to unhook her brassiere. He did so
and took off his t-shirt. When he placed his hands on her shorts, there was no
resistance from her. She removed her shorts and he took off his blue jeans. He
then removed her panties and his underwear. She took the sanitary pad that she
had on and placed it somewhere. Her legs parted and she became excited. He
went on top of her and penetrated her with his penis, making thrusting
movements for several minutes. She held him very tightly just before her
orgasm. She was very satisfied and lay on the bed looking happy. He used the
blanket to wipe his penis. He had not ejaculated yet.

98 V then asked him for a gold chain. He penetrated her again. He told her he
would give one to her the next day. After a few minutes, he withdrew his penis
and ejaculated. He did that because V told him that her medical check-up was
not done yet and asked him not to ejaculate inside her. He did not have a
condom with him as he was not going there to have sex but merely to talk. That
was the second and last intercourse that night. He did not insert his finger
into her vagina.

99 While they were dressing up, V said she wanted a mobile phone the next day.
The accused said he would give her a chain first because she might use the
mobile phone to look for a new boyfriend. She became angry, took the blanket
to cover herself and then lay down on the bed. The accused apologised for what
he had said. He asked for a kiss and she gave one almost reluctantly. He asked
for a better one and she kissed him on the lips.

100 When he wanted to leave the room, he could not open the room door. He
wanted to switch on the light and was about to touch the alarm switch located
next to the light switch (see [7] above) when she told him not to touch it as
it would turn off the alarm. She got off her bed and opened the door for him.
He asked her to open the main gates for him. She took the phone (intercom),
put it to her ear and then said the gates were open. He went to retrieve his
shoes and walked back to his bicycle at the playground. He then cycled home
using the road. When he reached home, he cleaned up and went to bed a very
happy man.

101 The next day (24 June 2008), he went to various houses to do gardening
work. In the evening, he took a bus to Mustafa Centre along Serangoon Road to
buy a gold chain. He purchased one at $203.02 to give to V that night because
she had made him happy. A gold chain and a receipt dated 24 June 2008 with a
time stamp of 1921 hours were tendered in court. He also bought some coffee
and biscuits, intending to leave them for her by the rubbish bins outside the
house so that she could collect them when she brought the rubbish out from the
house at night. He had told her the night before that he would do that and
when she saw the things there, she would know that he was at the playground
area and he would then wave to her. He intended to give the gold chain to V at
the playground.

102 When the accused returned home from Mustafa Centre, he noticed that he had
nine missed calls from Suriakumar and three missed calls from Anan on his
mobile phone which he had left at home because he was re-charging its battery.
He called Suriakumar who asked him to call Anan. Anan asked him what happened
at his worksite as there was a complaint against him. He asked the accused
where he was the previous night. As he had only been to 44 Holland Green, he
realized that it must have something to do with V. Anan asked him to meet him
and the accused said he would the next day. He did not tell Anan that he
wished to return to Bangladesh. He had paid Anan $3,000 to bring his brother
from Bangladesh to Singapore but that has not been done.

103 That night, the accused felt very nervous. However, he did not think that
going to the house for love-making was much of a crime.

104 On 25 June 2008, he went about his work as usual. He thought about Anan
wanting to meet him. He then decided to put the gold chain that he had bought
in some other location. Another house owner whom he knew while working in
Duchess Court had allowed him to leave some of his belongings at her home at
55 Sunset Avenue. He had the key to the small gate at that house as he did
gardening work there too. He kept the gold chain there as that place was more
secure than his residence at 4 Jalan Pandan where the gates were kept open all
the time.

105 The accused then left in a taxi to meet Anan. Anan, Suriakumar and another
man brought him to a restaurant in a car. While the accused was telling them
that V had invited him to her place, police officers came and arrested him.

106 When the police questioned the accused about the incident, he related to
them that V had invited him to meet in the evening and that they met in the
park next to 44 Holland Green. He also told them that they talked at the bench
in the park, did some petting and then went near the perimeter wall of the
house where they had sexual intercourse. Out of respect for Mrs Wujanto and
because of his shame, he did not speak the truth about having sex in the
maid’s room in the house. He did not tell the police that they had sex at the
bench in the park.

107 When the accused made the s122(6) CPC statement on 26 June 2008, the rape
charge was not read to him. He did not know that he was being charged for
rape. In answer to one of the interpreter’s questions, he told her that he and
V met and had sex willingly. He acknowledged that it was a mistake to have
entered the house without the owners’ permission.

108 The accused first read the impugned statement of 30 June 2008 after the
preliminary inquiry. He did not know Alee (her name was actually Eli), the
previous maid of the house and neither did he tell SSI Tho that he and Alee
had sex seven or eight times. In fact, he did not know any maid in the Holland
Green neighbourhood. He affirmed that what he said during the trial within a
trial was correct and disputed the incriminating portions of this statement.

109 On 5 February 2009, SSI Tho went to the remand prison to take the
accused’s fingerprints. The accused asked him why he accused him of rape when
he did not do it. The police officer retorted with “Fuck you”. The accused
asked him why he talked like that. The police officer replied that he would
charge him. The accused said he did not care.

110 On 16 February 2009, the accused made six more s122(6) CPC statements in
response to the rest of the charges. He maintained that he had consensual
sexual intercourse with V twice on 23 June 2008 and that there was no knife
and no threat made against her.

111 As he had savings every month (see [86] above), buying a Nokia mobile
phone for about $250 as a gift was not a big amount for him. However, he
decided he would get the mobile phone for V only after knowing her a little
better. The gold chain was to establish a relationship between them and to
make sure that she would not contact other men. He did not go back to 44
Holland Green on the night of 24 June 2008 because he wanted to meet Anan
first as he was concerned that there might have been some trouble. It was not
because he had committed rape and was afraid to return to the house. He
produced the gold chain and the receipt only during the trial but had told the
interpreter about them on 30 June 2008. He was informed that these things were
not necessary. He also informed SSI Tho about the purchase but was merely
asked to let the police have the Sunset Avenue house owner’s contact number so
that they could check the facts. Although the accused had the said house
owner’s mobile phone number, he did not inform SSI Tho about it.

112 The accused believed that V made the allegations against him to get him
into trouble because he had refused to give her the mobile phone the next day.
When he spoke to Anan, Anan told him that the police had called him and also
asked him whether he had sex with anyone. He therefore told Anan that he was a
little afraid in his mind.

113 He told Murphy that he “raped girl” as he had been instructed by the
interpreter earlier to say the same thing everywhere. At that time, he did not
know the meaning of “rape” but he had been told to use that word. The
interpreter was not present during the visits to 44 Holland Green and 4 Jalan
Pandan in the afternoon of 30 June 2008.

114 The accused added later that V was not a virgin as he could penetrate her
easily. There was no mention by her of any pain, no talk of using a condom and
no bleeding at her vaginal area.

The decision of the court

115 V was a relatively young lady who had arrived in Singapore for only a week
and had started working for Dr and Mrs Wujanto for only three days when the
incident happened on 23 June 2008. I believed her evidence that she needed
time to adjust to life here, especially living alone in a room at the back of
the house. She certainly did not appear to be the _femme fatale_ that the
accused portrayed her to be. It was therefore hardly possible that she made
the move on the accused and invited him into the house and into her body three
days into her first job here.

116 Dr and Mrs Wujanto were quite sure that they had not taught V within the
first three days how to operate the main gates by remote control. Without
disrespect to V, I do not think she was capable of figuring out the gate
mechanism by herself within that short space of time. It would also be
illogical for her to open the main gates by remote control as they would
definitely make noise when opening, as testified by Mrs Wujanto, and the
neighbourhood would be pretty quiet at 10.30pm. V’s employers were upstairs in
their bedroom at that time and could easily have heard the main gates swinging
open and closing two times (when the accused walked in and when he left
later).

117 V’s account of the incidents was clear and consistent. She could not
scream for help after the threat by the accused. She would not know whether he
had a knife with him. Even if he did not, it was obvious that he was much
stronger than her and could easily have assaulted her if he wanted to. It was
true that she did not run for help for one or two hours after the accused left
the maid’s room. However, I find her explanation that she was afraid that he
was still around the house logical. After all, she was not aware how he had
gone into 44 Holland Green and could not assume that he walked out of the
house after leaving the maid’s room.

118 Her conduct after the events was consistent with a person who had been
recently traumatised. Her employers who saw her and the police officers who
subsequently attended to her after she ran upstairs did not detect any trace
of play-acting by her.

119 Of course, no one would expect a rape victim to calmly give a thorough
account of each stage of the harrowing events soon after they happened. It was
natural that the story would come out in bits and pieces and sometimes only in
answer to questions. Similarly, there could be discrepancies when the story is
repeated after a period of time. So long as the discrepancies do not cast any
doubt as to V’s truthfulness or her ability to recall facts, they are
immaterial. This was my conclusion despite the valiant attempts by defence
counsel to attack V’s credibility by comparing her evidence in court with her
conditioned statement tendered at the preliminary inquiry and her account to
the psychiatrist (see [48] above).

120 Any suggestion that V was angry with the accused over the conversation
about the mobile phone and therefore accused him falsely of rape and the other
offences was completely demolished by V’s inability to identify the accused.
She did not even ask for his name. If the accused had not fortuitously left
his fingerprint on the door knob, he might never have been found out. I
believed she was telling the truth in court and accepted her evidence, which
was corroborated on material issues in any event by the accused’s statements
of 30 June 2008 made to the police and by his account to Dr Lim of the IMH.

121 The accused may be relatively short at 1.6m in height but, as Mrs Wujanto
testified, he was very agile and fast. The 1.3m high window ledge outside the
long window would not have posed great difficulty for him. The top-hung window
above the long window must have been unlatched or otherwise capable of being
pulled open from the outside. That was how the accused managed to get into the
maid’s room stealthily. He was familiar with that room, having been there many
times to visit the previous maid. He was also familiar with the way to climb
over the perimeter wall facing the canal.

122 I have stated earlier in my decision in the trial within a trial (at [63]
to [70] above) why I rejected the accused’s version as to how the impugned
statements were taken. His statement of 30 June 2008 explained convincingly
how he accessed and exited the maid’s room and what he did to her in between.
They supported V’s evidence concerning the crucial facts, save that he said he
raped her only twice and not four times. Similarly, his account to Dr Lim of
the IMH showed that what V alleged about coerced sex was true.

123 The accused was untruthful on both occasions when he told the police
officers that he had sex with V at the bench in the park and then changed the
location to the end of the pathway next to the perimeter wall of the house. He
was in custody, accused of serious crimes and being questioned by the police.
As he said, in his eight years here, he never had occasion to be involved with
the police. It was highly unlikely therefore that his first concern was to
show respect to Mrs Wujanto by lying about not having been inside her house.

124 Murphy’s evidence as to the accused’s character was of little value in
defence to the charges. His knowledge of the accused was confined to what the
accused did in 4 Jalan Pandan and, even then, it was not for a substantial
period of time. It was noteworthy that the accused said “I raped girl” instead
of merely saying “I had sex with girl” or any such words. However, I do not
place weight on this brief utterance by the accused.

125 Considering the totality of the evidence adduced, I was convinced beyond
reasonable doubt that the accused was guilty as charged and I convicted him on
all seven charges.

The sentences

126 The accused had a clean record before the incidents of 23 June 2008. The
prosecution only wished to highlight that the offences were pre-meditated,
that the accused elected to claim trial in the face of overwhelming evidence
against him, that V was working for only three days when the incidents
happened and that the accused had portrayed V as a loose woman.

127 Defence counsel submitted that the four charges of rape were essentially
one transaction. Further, as the accused had no criminal record, I was urged
not to pass a crushing sentence on him.

128 In my view, the accused was opportunistic and much too confident that the
new maid of 44 Holland Green would fall for his charms in the same way that
the previous maid did. He thought he could force himself on the new maid and
then buy his way out by offering her money and gifts. He committed
housebreaking in order to violate V. He raped her in the sanctity of her
locked room and on the bed on which she rested every night and which she had
to continue to use after the incidents of 23 June 2008. The trauma he
inflicted on someone who, like him, had to leave her homeland to work in the
hope of having a better life is cruel.

129 I accepted that V was a virgin before the rapes. That added to her
physical and psychological pain.

130 The accused has shown during the trial that he would not hesitate to tar
and mar the reputation of police officers and the interpreter by accusing them
of lying and/or of incompetence. However, I agreed with defence counsel that
the four rape charges were essentially one transaction as they were committed
within a short span of time.

131 I sentenced the accused as follows:

(a)

s457 Penal Code charge - 3 years imprisonment;

(b)

s354A Penal Code charge - 2 years imprisonment and 6 strokes of the cane;

(c)

s375(3)(a)(ii) Penal Code charges - 15 years imprisonment and 12 strokes of
the cane for each of the four charges;

(d)

s376(4)(a)(ii) Penal Code charge - 10 years imprisonment and 12 strokes of the
cane.

The imprisonment terms for the s457 Penal Code charge and the first of the
s375 Penal Code charges were ordered to run consecutively with effect from 25
June 2008, the date of arrest. All other imprisonment terms were ordered to
run concurrently with these two terms. The accused is to be subject to a
maximum of 24 strokes of the cane, as mandated by the CPC. The total sentence
is therefore 18 years imprisonment with effect from 25 June 2008 and 24
strokes of the cane.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 11 Jan 2010 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

