Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Sports Connection Pte Ltd _v_ Asia Law Corp and another  
[2010] SGHC 206

Case Number| :| Originating Summons No 1076/2009/C  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 23 July 2010  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Steven Chong J  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Samuel Chacko & Peter Wadeley (Legis Point LLC) for
Applicant; Axel Chan (Attorneys Inc LLC) for first Respondent; Kevin Lee Ming
Hui (Samuel Seow Law Corporation) forsecond Respondent.  
Parties| :|  Sports Connection Pte Ltd — Asia Law Corp and another  
  
23 July 2010|  
---|---  
  
Steven Chong J:

Introduction

1 Sports Connection Pte Ltd (“the Applicant”) applied by Originating Summons
(“OS”) to tax various invoices raised by two law firms, in respect of
professional fees for their conduct of Suit No 630 of 1999 (“the Suit”). The
two law firms are Asia Law Corporation (“the first Respondent”) and Samuel
Seow Law Corporation (“the second Respondent”).

2 All the invoices relate to work done for the Applicant in connection with
the Suit. The invoices rendered by the first Respondent were covered by the
following four proforma invoices:

|  Date |  Amount  
---|---|---  
1 |  04.1.07 |  $49,650.41  
2 |  08.6.07 |  $64,876.28  
3 |  14.1.08 |  $68,199.24  
4 |  04.5.09 |  $4,854.41  
  
  

3 In respect of work done by the second Respondent, the fees charged were
covered by the following invoices:

|  Date |  Amount  
---|---|---  
1 |  24.3.08 |  $27,193.66  
2 |  26.5.08 |  $44,606.66  
3 |  23.7.08 |  $15,108.47  
4 |  21.8.08 |  $3,508.57  
5 |  22.9.08 |  $3,317.00  
6 |  16.1.09 |  $28,884.91  
7 |  16.1.09 |  $135,715.62  
8 |  05.2.09 |  $2,141.54  
  
  

4 As a number of the above invoices have been paid and/or were delivered more
than 12 months prior to the OS, an order for taxation can only be justified if
“special circumstances” can be shown to exist. In this context, in deciding
whether to order taxation of such invoices, I was mindful to strike a balance
“between the need, on the one hand, to protect the client and... on the other
hand, to protect the solicitor against late ambush being laid on a technical
point by a client who seeks only to evade paying his debt.” ? per Ward LJ in
_Ralph Hume Garry (a firm) v Gwillim_ [2003] 1 WLR 510 at [32(4)] (“ _Ralph
Hume Garry”)_ , which was cited with approval in _Ho Cheng Lay v Low Yong Sen_
[2009] 3 SLR(R) 206 at [16].

Conduct of Suit No 630 of 1999

5 In April 1999, the Applicant commenced the Suit against its former
solicitors, M/s Swami & Narayan, for failing to properly register a trademark
in Malaysia. The original solicitors instructed by the Applicant to commence
the Suit were M/s Harry Elias & Partners. Subsequently, conduct of the Suit
was taken over by M/s Netto & Magin LLC. The Suit was then stayed pending
determination of the litigation against the parties who had infringed the
Applicant’s trademark in Malaysia. In January 2005, the Applicant succeeded in
its various actions in Malaysia. Thereafter the Applicant restored the Suit
and subsequently obtained interlocutory judgement against M/s Swami & Narayan
by consent on or about 26 August 2005.

6 In August 2006, the conduct of the Suit was yet again transferred, this time
to the first Respondent. The solicitor who had conduct of the Suit was one
Anis Shahiran B Md Ibrahim (“Mr Shahiran”)

7 In January 2008, Mr Shahiran left the first Respondent and joined the second
Respondent. The Applicant then transferred the conduct of the Suit to the
second Respondent, and Mr Shahiran continued to have charge of the matter.

8 In January 2009, Mr Shahiran left the second Respondent and rejoined the
first Respondent. The Applicant then transferred the conduct of the Suit back
to the first Respondent, and Mr Shahiran continued to be the lawyer in charge.
It was clear that the Applicant followed Mr Shahiran to whichever firm he
joined since he remained in continuous conduct of the Suit from August 2006
until 12 August 2009 when the Applicant transferred the conduct of the Suit to
M/s Legis Point LLC. By the time Legis Point LLC took over, the proceedings
were completed with the Applicant recovering only a fraction of the amount it
had originally claimed in the assessment hearing. The present OS was filed by
Legis Point LLC.

The Decision

9 I heard the OS over two days on 29 December 2009 and 29 March 2010. On 1
April 2010, I delivered my brief oral grounds and made the following orders:

(a) The first Respondent to deliver a bill of costs for taxation covering work
done under the fourth proforma invoice.

(b) The second Respondent to deliver a bill of costs for taxation covering
work done under the seventh and eighth invoices.

(c) That there be no order of taxation for the bill of costs covering work
done under the first three proforma invoices of the first Respondent and the
first six invoices of the second Respondent.

(d) Costs of this OS to be paid by the Applicant to the first and second
Respondents fixed at $150 each inclusive of disbursements.

10 The Applicant being dissatisfied with my orders has since filed an appeal
against my decision. I now provide the grounds for my decision.

The Issues

11 Before me, the Respondents made the following submissions to oppose the OS:

(a) There was a written agreement on costs between the Applicant and the first
and second Respondents respectively.

(b) More than one year had elapsed since delivery of some of the invoices to
the Applicant, and furthermore, some of them had already been paid by the
Applicant.

(c) The Applicant was estopped from applying for taxation of the invoices
because it had negotiated for payment by instalment and had paid most of the
invoices.

Were there any written agreements on costs between the Applicant and the first
and second Respondents

12 Section 111 of the Legal Profession Act (Cap 161, 2009 Rev Ed) (“LPA”)
provides as follows:

**Agreement as to costs for contentious business**

**111\. —(1**) Subject to the provisions of any other written law, a solicitor
or a law corporation or a limited liability law partnership may make an
agreement in writing with any client respecting the amount and manner of
payment for the whole or any part of its costs in respect of contentious
business done or to be done by the solicitor or the law corporation or the
limited liability law partnership, either by a gross sum or otherwise, and at
either the same rate as or a greater or a lesser rate than that at which he or
the law corporation or the limited liability law partnership would otherwise
be entitled to be remunerated.

(2) Every such agreement shall be signed by the client and shall be subject to
the provisions and conditions contained in this Part.

13 Under s 111 of the LPA, a solicitor is entitled to enter into an agreement
on costs with the client at a higher rate than what he would normally charge,
_ie_ at a premium. The enforceability of such agreements on costs is governed
by s 113(3) of the LPA which provides that an agreement on costs may be
enforced “if it appears to the court or Judge that the agreement is in all
respects fair and reasonable”. Agreements on costs are therefore not subject
to taxation if they are “fair and reasonable”. This is a different threshold
for taxation of fees that are billed in the absence of an agreement on costs.

14 The second Respondent relied on two documents as evidence of a written
agreement on costs. The first is a document titled “Repayment Agreement” dated
on 10 February 2009 where Yee Kok Chew (“Mr Yee”), a director of the
Applicant, was required to acknowledge _personal_ liability for arrears of
fees in the sum of $309,688.60 payable to the second Respondent. This
agreement was not signed because the liability for the invoices was the
Applicant’s and not Mr Yee’s. It was then redrafted for Mr Yee to acknowledge
on behalf of the Applicant but it was not signed either.

15 In my view, the second Respondent’s submission that there existed a written
agreement on costs was a non-starter since neither of the two repayment
agreements was actually signed by the Applicant as required under s 111 of the
LPA. The fact that the repayment agreements were prepared and sent to the
Applicant for signature coupled with the Applicant’s refusal to sign the draft
repayment agreements would in itself suggest the absence of an agreement on
costs.

16 Separately, the first Respondent’s claim that an agreement on costs existed
between the parties was, as admitted in its affidavit, based on an agreement
that is “partly oral, partly by conduct, and partly in writing”. The claim was
premised on a letter from the first Respondent to the Applicant dated 3 August
2006 which contained an estimate of the legal costs and disbursements. The
first Respondent argued that in accordance with this letter:

(a)

the first Respondent had sent invoices to the Applicant detailing the work
done;

(b)

the Applicant had negotiated with the first Respondent to pay the invoices in
instalments;

(c)

the Applicant had continued paying the invoices over a period of two and a
half years without any complaints;

(d)

the above therefore evidenced an agreement between the parties on costs.

17 However, even taking the first Respondent’s case at its highest that there
was an agreement (either orally or by conduct) between the parties on costs,
it nonetheless did not satisfy the requirements under s 111 of the LPA.
Section 111 of the LPA requires a written agreement on costs that is signed by
the client before taxation of the bill of costs can be excluded. Any failure
or omission by the law firm in satisfying these mandatory requirements would
preclude it from enforcing the agreement on costs.

18 In the present case, the letter documenting the first Respondent’s estimate
of fees was admittedly not signed by the Applicant. Even if the Applicant had
by its conduct agreed to the estimate provided by the first Respondent, this
does not change the fact that the formal requirements of s 111 of the LPA have
not been satisfied.

19 In _Chamberlain v Boodle & King_ [1982] 1 WLR 1443 (“ _Chamberlain_ ”), the
English Court of Appeal held that an agreement could only amount to a
contentious business agreement under s 59 of the Solicitors Act 1974 (Cap 47)
(UK) (which is in _pari materia_ with s 111 of the Legal Profession Act) if it
was specific in terms and signed by the client. In that case, the defendants
had proposed to the plaintiff an hourly rate of £60 to £80 for lawyers of
partner status and £30 to £45 per hour for associates. Lord Denning MR held
that this proposal was not specific enough to qualify as a contentious
business agreement. He stated at 1445:

It seems to me that an agreement in writing can be contained in letters. _But
the letters ought at least to be signed by the client if he is to be deprived
by the agreement of his right to tax. Further the agreement must be
sufficiently specific, so as to tell the client what he is letting himself in
by way of costs_. It seems to me that the letters in this case do not give the
client the least idea of what he is letting himself in for. As counsel for Mr
Chamberlain said to us, there is a broad band of many uncertainties. Take, for
instance, the rate. It certainly seems high enough to me. It is 60 to 80 an
hour. What rate is to be charged? And for what partner? Of what standard? Then
30 to 45 an hour for associates who may be involved. Which legal executives?
Of what standard? Which associates? Does it include the typists? That is one
of the broad bands which is left completely uncertain by this agreement. Then
there is the hourly rate. That must depend on the skill and expertise of the
individual partner or associate. A skilled partner can do the work in half the
time of a slow partner. Is the client to be charged double the rate because a
slow partner has been put on the case? These rates per hour are over a pound a
minute. It would seem that there must be a very good system of timing, almost
by stopwatch, if that is to be the rate of payment.

[emphasis added]

20 The above passage in _Chamberlain_ was cited with approval by Chan Sek
Keong JC (as he then was) in _Shamsudin bin Embun v PT Seah & Co_ [1985–1986]
SLR(R) 1108, at [20].

21 As there was no agreement in writing between the Applicant and the first
and/or second Respondent in respect of fees for the conduct of the Suit within
the meaning of s 111 the LPA, I found that the Applicant was not precluded
from obtaining an order for taxation on this ground.

Special circumstances justifying taxation after the 12-month period

22 In the absence of any written agreement on costs within s 111 of the LPA,
the issue of whether an order for taxation should be made would be governed by
s 120(1) and s 122 of the LPA, which read as follows:

**Order for taxation of delivered bill of costs**

**120\. —(1**) An order for the taxation of a bill of costs delivered by any
solicitor may be obtained on an application made by originating summons or,
where there is a pending action, by summons by the party chargeable therewith,
or by any person liable to pay the bill either to the party chargeable or to
the solicitor, at any time within 12 months from the delivery of the bill, or,
by the solicitor, after the expiry of one calendar month and within 12 months
from the delivery of the bill.

**Time limit for taxation of bills of cost**

**122**. After the expiration of 12 months from the delivery of a bill of
costs, or after payment of the bill, no order shall be made for taxation of a
solicitor’s bill of costs, except upon notice to the solicitor and under
special circumstances to be proved to the satisfaction of the court.

23 Under s 120(1) of the LPA, an order for taxation may be obtained on an
application made by Originating Summons at any time within 12 months from the
date of the delivery of the bill. Section 122 of the LPA creates a partial bar
on an applicant’s entitlement to obtain taxation in two circumstances, namely,
after the expiration of 12 months from the delivery of a bill of costs, or
after payment of the bill. If any of these two circumstances exist, an order
of taxation will only be made if the applicant is able to prove the existence
of special circumstances to the satisfaction of the court.

24 The Applicant filed the OS for an order for taxation on 17 September 2009.
Accordingly, out of the four invoices raised by first Respondent, the first
three were already out of time. As for the second Respondent, the first four
of his eight invoices were already out of time.

25 Further, it was common ground between the parties that the first three
proforma invoices rendered by the first Respondent have already been paid by
the Applicant. As for the eight invoices rendered by the second Respondent,
the Applicant has paid the first six in full. The seventh invoice has
partially been paid, while the eighth invoice remains unpaid.

26 In light of s 122 of the LPA, the Applicant can only obtain an order for
taxation in respect of the first three invoices rendered by the first
Respondent, and first six invoices rendered by the second Respondent (since
they have either been paid or were delivered outside the 12-month period), if
he can satisfy the court that there are special circumstances to warrant an
order for taxation.

Do the invoices rendered by the first and second Respondent constitute running
accounts

27 The Applicant submitted that s 122 of the LPA did not apply because the OS
was filed well within 12 months from the date of the last invoices issued by
the first and second Respondents dated 4 May 2009 and 5 February 2009
respectively. The basis for this submission was grounded on the proposition
that in a case where a law firm issues its bill not in a single invoice but by
way of successive bills, the 12-month period should start to run only from the
date of the last-issued invoice. In support of this proposition, the Applicant
relied on _Chamberlain_ , where the English Court of Appeal held that a series
of four invoices issued by the defendant law firm were actually in relation to
a single bill, and hence the time period for obtaining an order for taxation
started to run only from the time the final invoice was received. In that
case, Lord Denning held at 1446:

The next point in the case is whether the bills were four separate bills or
whether they were one. If they were four separate bills, the client would have
to demand taxation of each within a month of receipt. If they were one bill,
divided into separate parts, as long as he demands taxation within a month of
the final account, then he has a right to taxation.

We were referred to one or two cases on this point. First. In re Romer &
Haslam [1893] 2 Q.B. 286: and the latest was a case in this court on March 6,
1980, of Davidsons v. Jones-Fenleigh, The Times, March 11, 1980. _Putting it
quite shortly, as Bowen L.J. said [1893] 2 Q.B. 286, 298, it is a question of
fact whether there are natural breaks in the work done by a solicitor so that
each portion of it can and should be treated as a separate and distinct part
in itself, capable of and rightly being charged separately and taxed
separately_. Applying that simple test, it seems to me that over this short
time — the end of November 1978 to the beginning of May 1979 — this was one
continuous dealing and work done by a solicitor, not dividing itself naturally
or otherwise into any breaks at all. When the bills were delivered, they were
delivered each time as part of the running account — “account rendered” being
carried on in each to the next. I agree with the judge on this point too that
this should be regarded as one bill in respect of one complete piece of work,
although divided into parts. As this is one bill, and the client demanded
taxation within the month, he is entitled to have the whole of it taxed.

[emphasis added]

28 In my judgment, the principle of “running account” in _Chamberlain_ had no
application to the present case. In _Chamberlain_ , all the bills were
expressly stated to be part of a running account, and each successive bill
referred to the preceding bill. That was the reason the English Court of
Appeal regarded the four bills as actually one single bill. Furthermore, the
four bills were raised over a relatively short period of about six months. In
contrast, here, each invoice issued by the first and second Respondents
reflected work done for a specific period. None of the invoices referred to
the preceding invoices. In other words, each invoice was independent of the
previous invoices. Finally, the invoices were raised over a period of 28
months in the case of the first Respondent and 11 months in the case of the
second Respondent. I therefore found that time began to run from the date of
each successive invoice and not from the last invoice.

29 It was therefore imperative for the Applicant to show the existence of
special circumstances before it can obtain an order for taxation for the first
three invoices rendered by the first Respondent, and the first six invoices
rendered by the second Respondent.

What constitutes special circumstances

30 The question of what constitutes “special circumstances” under s 122 of the
LPA was canvassed by the Court of Appeal in _Wee Harry Lee v Haw Par Brothers
International Ltd_ [1979-1980] SLR(R) 603 (“ _Wee Harry Lee_ ”). The plaintiff
in that case had retained the defendant firm as solicitors for their group of
companies for the period from November 1975 to August 1976. During that
period, the plaintiff paid $119,500 to account of costs excluding
disbursements. The defendant firm then submitted 27 bills amounting to
$610,000 exclusive of disbursements of which 24 of them were dated the same
day. The plaintiff made no further payment of the bills as it was of the view
that the amounts were excessive. Subsequently the plaintiff applied for an
order for the bills to be referred to the Registrar for taxation. There was no
dispute that s 122 applied and that the plaintiff could only obtain the order
for taxation if it could prove the existence of special circumstances.

31 The Court of Appeal in _Wee Harry Lee_ observed that it would not be
expedient to provide an exhaustive list of what could constitute special
circumstances under s 122 of the LPA. It referred (at [15]) to the decision in
_In Re Cheeseman_ [1891] 2 Ch 289 for the proposition that:

There is no rigid rule as to what kind of circumstances will justify the
taxation of a solicitor's bill after payment, but the judge has in each case
to determine whether there are special circumstances which make it right to
refer the bill for taxation, and if there are special circumstances in the
case, the Court of Appeal will not readily interfere with the decision of the
Court below that they are sufficient to justify taxation.

32 The Court of Appeal held that there were two aspects of the case that
constituted special circumstances under s 122 of the LPA. The first was that
the parties had engaged in prolonged negotiations over the size of the bill,
and it was only when these negotiations failed that the plaintiff decided to
file the application to obtain an order for taxation. The Court of Appeal
stated that this fact alone was sufficient to constitute special circumstances
“which could have justified the court in exercising its discretion to order
taxation” (_Wee Harry Lee_ at [14]). The fact that negotiation took place
demonstrated that the plaintiff was at all material times dissatisfied with
the quantum of the fees charged.

33 Second, the Court of Appeal found that the defendants’ failure to attribute
the individual costs to each particular item in the bill of costs also
constituted special circumstances under s 122 of the LPA. It stated at [13]:

We did not agree that there are no special circumstances justifying the
learned Chief Justice to exercise his discretion to order taxation. To begin
with the quantum and the size of the main bill number 67/77 with its detailed
itemisation and narration of the work done without any sum being shown against
each such item but a final lump sum figure shown to represent the costs of all
the items are in themselves, in our view, special circumstances for the
exercise of the court's discretion here.

34 Before me, Mr Axel Chan (“Mr Chan”), counsel for the first Respondent,
submitted that for overcharging to constitute special circumstances, the
excessive fees must amount to either fraud or tainted by misconduct or
pressure from the solicitor. In support, he relied on _Supreme Court Practice
2009_ (Jeffrey Pinsler Gen Ed) (Lexis Nexis, 2009) at para 59/28/12 which in
turn referred to _Re Boycott_ (1885) 29 Ch D 571 (“ _Re Boycott_ ”). On close
scrutiny of the decision in _Re Boycott_ , it was clear that it did not
support Mr Chan’s submission. Cotton LJ’s remark that the phrase “special
circumstances” should be restricted to “pressure and overcharge, or overcharge
amounting to fraud” (at 576) was rejected by the other two members of the
Court of Appeal, who held that such a narrow interpretation was neither
desirable nor necessary. Fry LJ held at 582 that:

That misconduct or fraud on the part of solicitors, or pressure accompanied by
overcharge or overcharges so gross as to amount to fraud, are special
circumstances within the Act has been firmly established. I do not desire to
preclude myself from saying that there may be other special circumstances
which would justify taxation

In a similar vein, Bowen LJ stated at 579 that:

Now Judges who sit in Courts of first instance find it no doubt very
convenient to let the public know the lines upon which they mean to exercise
their discretion, and I think it very well that they should do so, and they
have in many cases proceeded on the principle that pressure and overcharge
combined constitute the special circumstances mentioned in the Act. The rule,
though not exhaustive, is probably a good working rule, sufficient for most
cases; but if you press that rule too far and lay down as a definition that
special circumstances are not to be considered to exist unless there be
pressure and overcharge, it seems to me you are making an Act of Parliament.
If the Legislature had meant that only these things should constitute special
circumstances it could have said so. Special circumstances, I think, are those
which appear to the Judge so special and exceptional as to justify taxation.

35 The non-exhaustive list of “special circumstances” has repeatedly been
emphasized in several subsequent English cases. In _Norman, Re_ (1885–86) LR
16 QBD 673 (“ _Re Norman_ ”), the defendant law firm raised the point that
“special circumstances” justifying an order for taxation could not be found in
the absence of pressure and overcharge, or overcharge amounting to fraud. This
argument was firmly rejected by the English Court of Appeal which adopted the
reasoning of Bowen LJ in _Re Boycott_ , and held at 677 that it was not for
judges to “impose upon Courts greater fetters than the legislature has thought
fit to impose on them” by “limit[ing] the expression “special circumstances,”
as to exclude from it unforeseen combinations of facts.” Finally, in _Hirst &
Capes v Fox_ [1908] 1 KB 982, the English Court of Appeal agreed at 996 that:

[S]pecial circumstances are not confined to duress, pressure, overcharge, or
fraud; and the discretion of a judge as to what facts constitute “special
circumstances” ought not to be overruled except where he has not exercised his
discretion judicially.

From my review of the authorities including _Re Boycott_ , fraud and pressure
_can_ amount to special circumstances. However contrary to Mr Chan’s
submission, the existence of “special circumstances” is not restricted _only_
to cases involving fraud, duress or pressure.

Are there special circumstances

Overcharging

36 The main argument raised by the Applicant that there were special
circumstances justifying taxation was that it had been grossly overcharged by
the first and second Respondents. In support, the Applicant pointed out that
the total fees charged by both the first and second Respondents for a three-
day assessment hearing and an aborted appeal came up to a total of
$448,056.38. This, according to the Applicant, had to be contrasted with the
first Respondent’s indication of fees for a three day trial (albeit for a
different case) of about $155,000. On the face of this comparison, the
Applicant submitted that overcharging was manifest.

37 In my view, an allegation of overcharging by reference to the quantum of
the total fees is generally not sufficient to amount to special circumstances
_per se_. Typically a client seeks an order for taxation of the solicitor’s
fees because he is dissatisfied with the quantum charged, _ie_ he believes he
has been overcharged. The law allows such a client the right to tax any bill
raised within 12 months from the delivery of the bill provided it has not been
paid. Outside the 12-month window or after payment, the law requires the
client to demonstrate special circumstances. It seems to me that to treat a
general allegation as opposed to a specific allegation of overcharging as
special circumstances would almost invariably lead to an order for taxation
even if it is applied for outside the 12-month period or after payment. Such
an approach would have the effect of rendering the restriction to tax such
bills outside the 12-month window or after payment otiose. Clearly the
objective behind s 122 of the LPA is to cut down the client’s entitlement to
tax the bill as of right.

38 As stated above at [35], there is no exhaustive list of what can constitute
“special circumstances”. Where an applicant relies on overcharging as “special
circumstances”, it is incumbent for such an applicant to adduce evidence to
enable the court to draw the inference of overcharging. Such evidence may
include, in a non exhaustive manner:

(a) Failure to itemise a bill of costs, or failure to properly allocate the
costs to the various items on the bill (_Wee Harry Lee)_.

(b) Evidence that particular items on an itemised bill have been overcharged
(_Re Boycott_).

(c) Charges for items that are non-existent (In _Re Norman_ , the bill of
costs included a charge for shorthand notes of the proceedings at a reference
where no professional shorthand writer had been employed, but the clerk to the
solicitor had taken the notes, and it did not appear that the solicitor had
given his clerk any part of the amount charged).

(d) Charges for items already paid by the client (In _Re Norman_ , the bill of
costs included a charge for witnesses' expenses which had been paid by the
client).

39 It would be neither productive nor appropriate for the court hearing the
application to determine whether the bill taken as a whole is excessive.
Otherwise, every application for taxation under s 122 of the LPA, on the basis
that there has been overcharging, would effectively and necessarily require
the court to conduct a taxation of the bill. That is the role of taxation and
not the court hearing the application on whether to grant the order for
taxation. Mr Samuel Chacko (“Mr Chacko”), counsel for the Applicant, referred
to Bowen LJ’s dissenting judgment in _Re Boycott_ for the proposition that
there was no need for the Applicant to point out any specific items of
overcharge as long as the bill itself was “redolent of overcharge”. The
learned judge in that case observed (at 582):

As to the overcharges, it is said that special items of overcharge must be
shewn before taxation can be ordered. This is a good general rule from which I
should be loth to depart, but if I find a bill which is redolent of
overcharge, I do not think that I ought to require proof of particular items
of overcharge.

40 I did not think that Bowen LJ’s statement in _Re Boycott_ should be taken
to stand for the proposition that the mere size of a bill of costs is
sufficient to constitute “special circumstances” justifying an order for
taxation under s 122 of the LPA. Every case differs in complexity, and the
amount of preparation required for each case can vary widely. Similarly, the
number of days which a trial takes may not always be indicative of the effort
and time spent by the lawyers on the case, since they may have spent
considerable time on the getting up, discovery, and legal research. In the
final analysis, the size of a bill _per se_ can rarely be indicative of
overcharging, except for truly routine cases of which there is some form of
accepted industry benchmark for the fees.

41 In the present case, the first Respondent’s indication of $155,000 for a
three day trial related to a completely different matter from the Suit. As
such, I did not accept that it would be a useful or fair benchmark to compare
the indicative fees of a separate matter with the total fees charged by the
first and second Respondents for their conduct of the Suit. While the total
fees of $448,056.38 for a three-day assessment and an aborted appeal may
appear excessive at first blush, I took note that the work was done over a two
and a half year period from August 2006 to January 2009. I had also taken note
that when Mr Shahiran left the first Respondent to join the second Respondent,
the matter followed him even though by that time the first Respondent had
already charged the Applicant a sum of about $187,000. If the Applicant
genuinely believed that the total fees for the conduct of the Suit was in the
ballpark figure of $155,000, then it was indeed curious, to say the least,
that he would have agreed to transfer the matter to the second Respondent so
that Mr Shahiran could continue to have conduct of the Suit given that by that
time, the total fees charged, _ie_ about $187,000, had already exceeded the
indicative fees. It was apparent that the Applicant did not regard the fees as
exorbitant, otherwise the matter would not have moved with Mr Shahiran.
Furthermore, each invoice issued by the first and second Respondents carried
sufficient detail of the work done and how much the Applicant was charged for
each piece of work. Indeed, the Applicant admitted through the affidavit of Mr
Yee that the invoices issued by the first Respondent “listed out in some
detail the work that was undertaken” (paragraph 41 of Yee Kok Chew’s affidavit
dated 17 September 2009). It was telling that the first indication from the
Applicant that it wished to tax the Respondents’ invoices was through a letter
from the Applicant’s present solicitors dated 24 July 2009. At no point in
time (prior to the filing of the OS) did the Applicant dispute the charges, or
claim that the details of the invoices were deficient in any respect. In fact,
the Applicant was happy to make payment, and it even negotiated payment of
some of the invoices by instalments. The first three invoices of the first
Respondent have been paid while the first six invoices of the second
Respondents have also been paid. The fact of payment, coupled with the lack of
any prior protest on the fees, suggested to me that the Applicant did not
believe that it had been overcharged. This was to be contrasted with _Wee
Harry Lee_ where there was prolonged negotiation over the quantum of the
bills. Here, the only “ _negotiation_ ” was to permit the Applicant to pay the
fees charged under the various invoices by instalments which the Respondents
had agreed to.

42 Ultimately as aptly observed in _Ralph Hume Garry_ at [32(3)], the test is
“not whether the bill on its face is objectively sufficient, but whether the
information in the bill supplemented by what is subjectively known to the
client enables the client with advice to take an informed decision whether or
not to exercise the only right _then_ open to him, _viz_ , to seek taxation
reasonably free from the risk of having to pay for the costs of that
taxation.” Evidently there was sufficient information to enable the Applicant
to make an informed decision to pay the bulk of the invoices raised by the
Respondents. In fact from the evidence before me, in particular the conduct of
the Applicant, it was clear that it did not believe that there was
overcharging by the first and second Respondents as and when each of the
successive invoices was raised. It was not without significance that the
dispute over the fees only emerged after the outcome of the assessment.
Obviously the Applicant was not entirely pleased with the end result but this,
in my view, does not amount to special circumstances.

43 It did not escape my attention that the Applicant similarly applied to tax
the costs of its Malaysian solicitors in respect of work done for the
litigation against the parties who had infringed the Applicant’s trademark in
Malaysia long after the bills were paid or, in any event, outside the
prescribed period (in Malaysia, the period is six months). It was no
coincidence that alleged overcharging by the solicitors was the principal
ground relied on by the Applicant for leave to tax the bills. The application
was dismissed by the Malaysian court in March 2008 more than 18 months prior
to the filing of the present OS. Although this dismissal is strictly
irrelevant as to whether there was overcharging by the first and/or second
Respondents for their conduct of the Suit, it served to highlight the fact
that the Applicant was, on all accounts, a sophisticated litigant who is
adequately familiar with solicitors’ costs and access to taxation. The fact
that five sets of solicitors were altogether instructed in relation to the
Suit merely reinforced the point.

44 In the circumstances, I found that the Applicant had failed to adduce any
evidence that would permit me to draw the inference that there had been
overcharging by the first and second Respondents.

Confusion over the proforma/tax invoices

45 In relation to the invoices issued by the first Respondent, the Applicant
raised a further argument that there were special circumstances justifying
taxation because the manner in which the invoices were issued caused the
Applicant confusion in determining how much it was being charged. The root
cause of this alleged confusion was that apart from the four proforma
invoices, the first Respondent also issued a number of tax invoices to the
Applicant. The Applicant thus claimed that it had no idea which of the
invoices it was paying for.

46 I did not agree with the Applicant that the first Respondent’s practice of
issuing proforma and tax invoices caused it any confusion. Mr Shahiran had
explained in his affidavit that the proforma invoices were issued to inform
the Applicant of the outstanding charges, and the tax invoices were only
issued after payment has been received. In the present case, the tax invoices
issued by the first Respondent did not correspond exactly with the proforma
invoices because the Applicant had requested to pay the sums stated on the
Proforma invoices by instalments. While there may be some issue as to the
propriety of the issuance of the first Respondent’s tax invoices against each
instalment payment by the Applicant, it was clear to me that the Applicant was
not at all confused by this mode of invoicing. If indeed the Applicant was
labouring under some confusion between the proforma and tax invoices, it was
hard to believe that it would have continued making payments over two and a
half years without raising any question or complaint.

_Potential missing funds_

47 The Applicant further claimed that there were special circumstances to
justify an order for taxation because some funds may not have been accounted
for by the first Respondent. In short, the Applicant claimed that M/s Rajah &
Tann (who acted for the defendant in the Suit) had made two payments to the
first Respondent of $9,074.67 and $1,073.91 on 20 July 2007 and 10 January
2008 respectively, as payment for photocopies of documents. The Applicant
alleged that although the photocopying charges have been paid by Rajah & Tann
on behalf of the defendant in the Suit, the first Respondent nonetheless
charged the Applicant for the same or have not accounted for them. This point
was raised in the Applicant’s affidavits but was not pursued. This allegation
was specifically denied by the first Respondent (see paras 43?45 of Mr
Shahiran’s 1st Affidavit filed on 21 October 2009). During the appeal before
me, other than stating that this was one of the grounds sufficient to give
rise to special circumstances, no submission was made by Mr Chacko.
Consequently no submission was made by Mr Chan to address this point either.

48 For the above reasons, I found that the Applicant had failed to adduce any
evidence to cross the threshold in proving the existence of special
circumstances under s 122 of the LPA.

Estoppel

49 In light of my findings above, it was not necessary for me to deal with the
alternative estoppel argument raised by the Respondents. Suffice to say that
the Respondents’ claim on estoppel was entirely grounded on the fact that the
Applicant had negotiated for payment by instalments and had paid most of the
invoices. However, under s 122 of the LPA, an order for taxation can be made
even after payment provided that special circumstances exist. If the
Respondents were right that payment through negotiated instalments is
sufficient to create an estoppel to preclude an order for taxation, this will
render the second limb of s 122 of the LPA inoperative since the fact of
payment will by their submission _ipso facto_ preclude a taxation order.
Therefore, even if there are facts that would amount to an estoppel at common
law, this would not necessarily displace the court’s discretion to order
taxation under s 122 of the LPA if special circumstances can otherwise be
shown to exist. Much will depend on the facts giving rise to the estoppel. In
the present case, the fact of payment through instalments would not be
sufficient.

Conclusion

50 In the absence of special circumstances, I only ordered taxation of the
invoices which were raised by the Respondents within the 12-month period and
which remained outstanding when the OS was filed. Accordingly I ordered the
first Respondent to deliver a bill of costs for taxation covering work done
under the fourth proforma invoice and for the second Respondent to deliver a
bill of costs for taxation covering work done under the seventh and eighth
invoices since these invoices were raised within the 12-month period and
remained unpaid.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 23 Jul 2010 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

