Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  ACC _v_ Comptroller of Income Tax  
[2010] SGHC 316

Case Number| :| Originating Summons No 510 of 2009 (Summons No 3885 of 2009)  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 25 October 2010  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Andrew Ang J  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Leung Yew Kwong and Tan Shao Tong (WongPartnership LLP)
for the applicant; Jimmy Oei and Usha Chandradas (Inland Revenue Authority of
Singapore) for the respondent.  
Parties| :|  ACC — Comptroller of Income Tax  
  
25 October 2010| Judgment reserved.  
---|---  
  
Andrew Ang J:

Introduction

1 This was an application by ACC (“the Applicant”) under O 53 r 5 of the Rules
of Court (Cap 322, R5, 2006 Rev Ed) for an order quashing the determination
issued by the Comptroller of Income Tax (“the Respondent”) dated 6 February
2009 that withholding tax applied to payments made by the Applicant to its
overseas subsidiaries. Leave to apply was granted on 10 July 2009 pursuant to
O 53 r 1 (see _ACC v CIT_ [2010] 1 SLR 273), which decision was upheld by the
Court of Appeal on 2 February 2010 (see _Comptroller of Income Tax v ACC_
[2010] 2 SLR 1189).

Background facts

Aircraft leasing arrangements

2 The Applicant is a company incorporated in Singapore which engages in the
business of aircraft leasing together with its subsidiaries, most of which are
special purpose companies (referred to collectively as “SPCs” and individually
as an “SPC”) incorporated in the Cayman Islands and are not “resident in
Singapore” within the meaning of s 2(1) of the Income Tax Act (Cap 134, 2008
Rev Ed) (“ITA”).

3 As is typical of most aircraft leasing companies, each SPC owns only one
aircraft and enters into separate loan agreements with offshore banks to
finance the purchase of its aircraft. Such a “one company-one aircraft”
business structure is a usual requirement of the bank providing financing as
it serves the purpose of ring-fencing risks. The SPCs lease their aircraft to
airline companies. These leases may stipulate a “floating rate” rent or a
“fixed rate” rent. If the aircraft is leased on a “floating rate” rent, the
rental charged by the SPC fluctuates with the floating interest rate charged
by the offshore bank financing the purchase of the aircraft; the SPC therefore
will not be exposed to risks in the movement in interest rates.

4 In the case of “fixed rate” rent, however, the rental that an SPC charges
the airline is fixed while the interest the SPC pays on the loan from the
offshore bank fluctuates with the prevailing interest rate charged by the
bank. This exposes the SPC to potential risks in the fluctuation in interest
rates. To minimise such risk exposure, the SPCs hedge the interest rate
exposure on their floating interest rate loans by entering into interest rate
swap agreements.

Interest rate swap agreements

5 Before a company can enter into a swap arrangement with a bank, it is
required to put in place an International Swaps and Derivatives Association
(“ISDA”) agreement, which has been described in the following terms in Graham
Roberts, _Law Relating to International Banking_ (Woodhead Publishing Ltd,
1998) at para 9.2.2:

The ISDA agreement is a single Master Agreement, which the parties enter into
ideally when they agree their first swap. This master agreement is intended to
regulate the legal relationship between the parties; it is a detailed document
governing most of the aspects of the relationship. Attached to the Master
Agreement is a Schedule, in which the parties can add, amend or vary the
details of the Master Agreement. The detailed economic features of each
transaction separately are then recorded in a separate document, the
confirmation. In addition, ISDA has drafted a booklet containing definitions
of various economic terms, such as calculation of floating and fixed amounts,
etc. These definitions can be incorporated into the confirmation, thereby
keeping each confirmation relatively short.

Typically, a company would put in place ISDA agreements with several banks so
that it has a menu of banks to choose from.

6 If each individual SPC were to enter into an ISDA agreement with a bank, the
bank would require the Applicant to provide a guarantee for each ISDA
agreement since the SPC would have a relatively weaker balance sheet compared
to its parent company. For commercial convenience, rather than having to
manage the administrative burden of each SPC’s entering into several ISDA
agreements with various banks and the Applicant’s provision of guarantees for
each ISDA agreement, the SPCs and the Applicant decided that the Applicant
would enter into swap arrangements with Singapore banks or Singapore branches
of foreign banks (referred to collectively as “Onshore Banks” and individually
as an “Onshore Bank”).

7 An interest rate swap is essentially a contractual swapping of anticipated
cash flows. Each party to an interest rate swap agreement is known in the
industry as a “counter-party”. In _Hazell v Hammersmith and Fulham London
Borough Council_ [1990] 2 QB 697 (“ _Hazell_ ”), Woolf LJ explained the nature
of interest rate swaps in the following manner (at 739–740):

A swap is an agreement between two parties by which each agrees to pay the
other on a specified date or dates an amount calculated by reference to the
interest which would have accrued over a given period on the same _notional
principal sum_ assuming different rates of interest are payable in each case.
For example, one rate may be fixed at 10 per cent. and the other rate may be
equivalent to the six-month London Inter-Bank Offered Rate (‘LIBOR’) [_ie_ , a
floating interest rate]. If the LIBOR rate over the period of the swap is
higher than 10 per cent. then the party agreeing to receive ‘interest’ in
accordance with LIBOR will receive more than the party entitled to receive the
10 per cent. _Normally neither party will in fact pay the sums which it has
agreed to pay over the period of the swap but instead will make a settlement
on a ‘net payment basis’ under which the party owing the greater amount on any
day simply pays the difference between the two amounts due to the other_.
[emphasis added]

8 Neither counter-party to a swap transaction makes any loan to the other so
as to give rise to an obligation on the part of the other to pay interest. The
quantum of periodic payments each counter-party makes to another is computed
as a product of a _notional_ principal amount, an applicable rate and a time
period, expressed in a formula thus: Periodic payment = notional amount ×
applicable rate × time period. In practice, however, as noted by Woolf LJ in
_Hazell_ (see [7] above), the amounts payable by the counter-parties are set
off against each other so that on each payment date only the difference
between the two amounts is paid. Depending on the relationship between the
fixed and floating interest rates over the whole period of the swap agreement,
the payments between counter-parties could flow either way. An interest rate
swap agreement of this nature is known in the industry as a “plain vanilla”
interest rate swap: see, _eg_ , John C Hull, _Fundamentals of Futures and
Options Markets_ (Pearson Prentice Hall, 6th Ed, 2008) (“ _Hull_ ”), at ch 7.

9 From October 2006 onwards, the Applicant and each SPC entered into a swap
arrangement mirroring the swap agreements that the Applicant has entered into
with the Onshore Banks. Where the swap agreement between the Applicant and an
Onshore Bank indicated the Onshore Bank as the floating rate payer and the
Applicant as the fixed rate payer, the corresponding swap agreement between
the Applicant and the SPC would indicate the Applicant as the floating rate
payer and the SPC as the fixed rate payer. In this back-to-back arrangement,
the same fixed and floating rates are employed in both sets of swap
agreements. In this way, in a situation where the floating interest rate is
higher than the fixed interest rate, as between the Onshore Bank and the
Applicant, the net payment will be from the Onshore Bank to the Applicant and
flow through from the Applicant to the SPC. If the reverse situation
materialises, the net payment will be from the SPC to the Applicant and flow
through from the Applicant to the Onshore Bank. From this description, it can
be readily deduced that the Applicant acts as a middleman between the SPC and
the Onshore Bank with net payments flowing through it in either direction.

10 As the net payments or receipts were amounts due to or from the SPCs, these
amounts were recorded in the Applicant’s accounting books as “Amount owing
to/by subsidiary” and were also correspondingly recorded in the SPCs’ books.

The Respondent’s determination

11 In October 2008, the Applicant wrote to the Respondent to confirm that
withholding tax was not applicable to the payments made by the Applicant to
the SPCs for the period October 2006 to March 2008 (“the SPC Payments”). In a
letter dated 6 February 2009, the Respondent indicated its determination that
based on s 12(6) read with s 45 of the ITA, withholding tax applied to the SPC
Payments (“the Determination”). The same letter also stated that the Applicant
was required to account for the amount of tax that should have been withheld
and would be liable for a penalty for non-compliance with the withholding tax
requirement. Dissatisfied, the Applicant instituted these proceedings to
obtain a quashing order against the Determination. Meanwhile, the Applicant
paid under protest the amount of withholding tax, but not the penalties,
determined by the Respondent.

The parties’ cases

12 In its submissions, the Applicant sought to show that:

(a) On a general level, s 12(6)(_a_) of the ITA did not extend to interest
rate swap payments; and

(b) Even if interest rate swap payments did fall within s 12(6)(_a_), on the
facts of the case, where the Applicant has acted on behalf of the SPCs in the
swap transactions with the Onshore Banks, the sums credited by the Applicant
to the accounts of the SPCs were not interest rate swap payments and did not
fall within the provisions of s 12(6)(_a_).

13 The Respondent’s contention was that the SPC Payments made by the Applicant
to its SPCs were interest rate swap payments that were caught by the current
version of s 12(6)(_a_) and fell within s 12(6)(_a_)(i) of the ITA in
particular because the SPC Payments were “any other payment”, made in
connection with a loan or indebtedness, which were borne by the Applicant.

Statutory provisions

14 The withholding tax requirement stems from s 45(1) of the ITA which
provides:

**Withholding of tax in respect of interest paid to non-resident persons**

**45**. — (1) Where a person is liable to pay to another person not known to
him to be resident in Singapore _any interest which is chargeable to tax under
this Act_ , the person paying the interest shall —

(a)deduct therefrom tax —

(i)...

(ii)...

(iii)...

on every dollar of the interest; and

(b)immediately give notice of the deduction of tax in writing and pay to the
Comptroller the amount so deducted,

and every such amount deducted shall be a debt due from him to the Government
and shall be recoverable in the manner provided by section 89.

[emphasis added]

15 By virtue of s 10(1)(_d_) of the ITA, income _derived from Singapore_ in
respect of “interest” is chargeable to income tax. Under s 12(6)(_a_)(i), the
following are _deemed to be derived from Singapore_ :

(a)any _interest_ , commission, fee or _any other payment in connection with
any loan or indebtedness_ or with any arrangement, management, guarantee, or
service relating to any loan or indebtedness which is —

(i) _borne_ , directly or indirectly, _by a person resident in Singapore_ or a
permanent establishment in Singapore except in respect of any business carried
on outside Singapore through a permanent establishment outside Singapore or
any immovable property situated outside Singapore; ...

[emphasis added]

16 From a literal reading of these relevant provisions in the ITA, if the SPC
Payments are characterised as “interest, commission or fee or any other
payment in connection with any loan or indebtedness” which is borne directly
or indirectly by the Applicant (a person resident in Singapore), they would be
deemed to be derived from Singapore. The Applicant, as the person “paying the
interest” to a non-resident person (_ie_ , the SPCs), would thus be obliged
under s 45(1) to withhold tax on every dollar of the interest paid. The crux
of this application therefore lies in whether the SPC Payments fall within the
meaning of s 12(6)(_a_)(i).

Whether the SPC Payments fall within the meaning of s 12(6)(_a_)(i)

Purposive interpretation

17 In construing a statute, s 9A(1) of the Interpretation Act (Cap 1, 2002 Rev
Ed) (“Interpretation Act”) requires the court to adopt an interpretation that
would promote the legislative purpose or object underlying the statute. In
order to ascertain the purpose or object underlying s 12(6)(_a_) of the ITA,
one should start by examining its legislative origins.

Legislative history

18 Section 12(6) was introduced via an amendment under the Income Tax
(Amendment) Act 1973 (Act 26 of 1973). The first version of s 12(6) read as
follows:

(6) Any income derived from _loans_ where –

(_a_)the _interest_ is borne directly or indirectly by a person resident in
Singapore or a permanent establishment in Singapore; or

(_b_)the funds provided by such loans are brought into or used in Singapore,

shall be _deemed to be derived from Singapore_.

[emphasis added]

In _Singapore Parliamentary Debates, Official Report_ (26 July 1973) vol 32 at
col 1245 (Hon Sui Sen, Minister for Finance), the Minister explained that the
intention behind the insertion of s 12(6) was to:

... make it clear that _interest paid by a local borrower to a foreign lender_
and interest on a loan, the funds from which are brought into or used in
Singapore, are taxable in Singapore _irrespective of where the loan agreement
is made_. [emphasis added]

19 In 1977, s 12(6) was amended under the Income Tax (Amendment) Act 1977 (Act
5 of 1977) to add the element of “indebtedness” into s 12(6)(_a_) (see current
version at [15] above). In _Singapore Parliamentary Debates, Official Report_
(29 June 1977) vol 37 at col 72 (Chua Sian Chin, Minister for Home Affairs and
Education (for the Minister for Finance)), the reason for the addition was
provided by the Minister at the second reading of the Income Tax (Amendment)
Bill 1977 (Bill 8 of 1977) (“the 1977 Bill”) as follows:

_The present definition of source of income does not cover interest accruing
from suppliers’ credit or deferred payments for the sale of goods_ , royalties
and other payments for the use of movable property, management fees, payments
for the use of scientific, technical, industrial or commercial knowledge or
information, and rents or payments under agreement for the use of movable
property. Clause 4 provides that where _these_ are paid directly or indirectly
by a Singapore resident or a permanent resident in Singapore, or are
deductible against income accruing in Singapore, the source is deemed to be in
Singapore and therefore liable to income tax. [emphasis added]

20 In order to set the Minister’s explanation in context, cl 4 of the 1977
Bill should be set out in full:

**4**. Section 12 of the principal Act is hereby amended by deleting
subsection (6) thereof and substituting therefor the following subsections:—

‘(6) There shall be deemed to be derived from Singapore —

(a)any interest, commission, fees or any other payments in connection with any
loan or indebtedness or with any arrangement, management, guarantee, or
service relating to any loan or indebtedness which is —

(i)borne directly or indirectly by a person resident in Singapore or a
permanent establishment in Singapore except in respect of any business carried
on outside Singapore through a permanent establishment outside Singapore or
any immovable property situated outside Singapore; or

(ii)deductible against any income accruing in or derived from Singapore; or

(b)any income derived from loans where the funds provided by such loans are
brought into or used in Singapore.

(7) There shall be deemed to be derived from Singapore —

(a)royalty or other payments in one lump sum or otherwise for the use of or
the right to use any movable property;

(b)any payment for the use of or the right to use scientific, technical,
industrial or commercial knowledge or information or for the rendering of
assistance or service in connection with the application or use of such
knowledge or information;

(c)any payment for the management or assistance in the management of any
trade, business or profession; or

(d)rent or other payments under any agreement or arrangement for the use of
any movable property,

which are borne directly or indirectly by a person resident in Singapore or a
permanent establishment in Singapore (except in respect of any business
carried on outside through a permanent establishment outside Singapore) or
which are deductible against any income accruing in or derived from
Singapore.’

21 It is clear from the wording of s 12(7) (see [20] above) that it covers
“royalties and other payments for the use of movable property, management
fees, payments for the use of scientific, technical, industrial or commercial
knowledge or information, and rents or payments under agreement for the use of
movable property”. Thus, the words “any interest, commission, fee or any other
payment in connection with any loan or indebtedness” in s 12(6)(_a_) should be
interpreted in the light of the Minister’s explanation that the aim of the
expanded definition of source of income under s 12(6) was to include “interest
accruing from suppliers’ credit or deferred payments for the sale of goods”.

Deeming provision

22 The Applicant submitted that as s 12(6) is a _deeming_ provision, it
necessarily employs a statutory fiction and should therefore be construed
strictly. In _Federal Commissioner of Taxation v Comber_ (1986) 64 ALR 451, it
was held that (_per_ Fisher J at 458):

... deeming provisions are required by their nature to be construed strictly
and only for the purpose for which they are resorted to (_Ex parte Walton_
(1881) 17 Ch D 746 per James LJ at 756). It is improper ... to extend by
implication the express application of such a statutory fiction. It is even
more improper so to do if such an extension is unnecessary, the express
provision being capable by itself of sensible and rational application. ...

The Applicant also referred to another maxim of revenue law which states that
the taxpayer is not to be taxed unless the taxing statute unambiguously
imposes the tax on him: see _Russell (Inspector of Taxes) v Scott_ [1948] 1 AC
422, _per_ Lord Simonds at 433. In similar fashion, Lord Buckmaster observed
in _Greenwood v FL Smidth & Company_ [1922] 1 AC 417 at 423:

It is, I think, important to remember the rule, which the Courts ought to
obey, that, where it is desired to impose a new burden by way of taxation, it
is essential that this intention should be stated in plain terms. The Courts
cannot assent to the view that if a section in a taxing statute is of doubtful
and ambiguous meaning, it is possible out of that ambiguity to extract a new
and added obligation not formerly cast upon the taxpayer.

23 The Respondent contended that the Minister’s speech at the second reading
of the 1977 Bill highlighted the limits of the scope of the original version
of s 12(6) which could not be applied to a diverse array of payments from
business activities involving Singapore. Thus, it submitted, the intention of
Parliament was to widen the scope of the deemed source rule in s 12 of the ITA
and that the “interest accruing from suppliers’ credit or deferred payments
for the sale of goods” were just two examples of scenarios where the limited
original version of s 12(6) would not apply.

24 While I agree with the Respondent that the 1977 amendments to s 12(6) were
intended to widen the scope of the deemed source rule in s 12, I am of the
view that that widening should be construed according to a purposive reading
of the literal wording of s 12(6). I note that in _ABB v Comptroller of Income
Tax_ [2010] 2 SLR 837, Chao Hick Tin JA held (at [54]) that s 9A(1) of the
Interpretation Act applies to all written law and “effectively displaces the
common law principle that tax statutes should be interpreted strictly in
favour of the taxpayer”. I do not understand Chao JA as holding that purposive
interpretation mandates that tax statutes must be read _widely in every case_.
Rather, he was laying down the principle that in construing tax legislation,
the court should accord paramount consideration to the purpose or object
underlying the statute instead of relying solely on common law principles of
interpretation such as the strict construction rule. As an application of the
dictates of s 9A(1) of the Interpretation Act to tax legislative provisions,
this must be right. In that case, Chao JA cited the following passage in
_Public Prosecutor v Low Kok Heng_ [2007] 4 SLR(R) 183 (“ _Low Kok Heng_ ”) at
[41]:

Section 9A(1) of the Interpretation Act requires the construction of written
law to promote the purpose or object underlying the statute. In fact, it
_mandates_ that a construction promoting legislative purpose be preferred over
one that does not promote such purpose or object: see Brady Coleman, ‘The
Effect of Section 9A of the Interpretation Act on Statutory Interpretation in
Singapore’ [2000] Sing JLS 152 at 154. Accordingly, any common law principle
of interpretation, such as the plain meaning rule and the strict construction
rule, must yield to the purposive interpretation approach stipulated by s
9A(1) of the Interpretation Act. _All_ written law (penal or otherwise) must
be interpreted purposively. Other common law principles come into play _only_
when their application coincides with the purpose underlying the written law
in question, or alternatively, when ambiguity in that written law persists
even after an attempt at purposive interpretation has been properly made.
[emphasis in original]

Thus, while the court should not have reference _exclusively_ to the common
law principle of strict construction in favour of the taxpayer, that common
law principle may be applied when such application coincides with the purpose
underlying the statutory provision in question or when ambiguity persists even
after purposive interpretation has been properly attempted.

“Interest, commission, fee or any other payment”

25 It was common ground between the parties that the SPC Payments are not
“commission”, “fee” or even “interest”. With regard to the meaning of
“interest”, in _Chng Gim Huat v Public Prosecutor_ [2000] 2 SLR(R) 360, Yong
Pung How CJ observed (at [36]):

The following guiding principles can be distilled from the above authorities.
Firstly, the label attached to the payment is not conclusive of its true legal
nature. Whether or not a particular payment constitutes ‘interest’ depends on
the substance of the transaction. Nomenclature does not alter the character of
the payment if it is not in fact ‘interest’ and vice versa. Secondly, the
essence of ‘interest’ is compensation for the deprivation for the use or
delayed payment of money by another. Thirdly, there must be a principal sum of
money by reference to which the interest payment is to be ascertained, which
sum of money must be due to the person entitled to the interest.

I agree that the SPC Payments should not be construed as “commission” or “fee”
(as these terms are used in common parlance) as they were not paid in
consideration of any service rendered by the SPCs to the Applicant. Properly
construed, the SPC Payments were also not “interest” under s 12(6)(_a_)
because (a) they were not intended to compensate the SPCs for the deprivation
for the use or delayed payment of money by the Applicant; and (b) there was no
principal sum of money which was owing to the SPCs, by reference to which the
SPC Payments were to be ascertained. Quite rightly, the Respondent dropped its
earlier insistence that the SPC Payments were “interest”.

26 Therefore, the Respondent contended, but the Applicant denied, that the SPC
Payments were “any other payment” that fell within the meaning of s
12(6)(_a_). In its submissions, the Applicant relied on the _ejusdem generis_
principle in order to ascertain the meaning of “any other payment” in the
context of s 12(6)(_a_). In _Bennion on Statutory Interpretation: A Code_
(LexisNexis, 5th Ed, 2008) (“ _Bennion_ ”), at p 1231, the _ejusdem generis_
principle is described as such:

The Latin words _ejusdem generis_ (of the same kind or nature), have been
attached to a principle of construction whereby wide words associated in the
text with more limited words are taken to be restricted by implication to
matters of the same limited character. The principle may apply whatever the
form of the association, but the most usual form is a list or string of genus-
describing terms followed by wider residuary or sweeping-up words.

...

The _ejusdem generis_ principle stems from the linguistic implication by which
words having literally a wide meaning (when taken in isolation) are treated as
reduced in scope by the verbal context. It may be regarded as an instance of
ellipsis, or reliance on implication. The principle is presumed to apply
unless there is some contrary indication.

As was explained in [25] above, each of the preceding terms “interest”,
“commission” and “fee” are commonly understood to be payments made by the
payor to the payee _in consideration_ of the forbearance in collecting the
principal sum loaned, or services or work performed, by the payee. Applying
the _ejusdem generis_ principle, the words “any other payment” should be
construed as some form of consideration accruing to the payee in return for
some benefit conferred by the payee to the payor, following the genus of the
preceding terms. In order to determine what kind of benefit is relevant here,
one must ascertain the meaning of the other requirements in s 12(6)(_a_).

“In connection with any loan or indebtedness”

27 The expression “in connection with” could describe a range of links, but
the court must look closely at the surrounding words and the context of the
legislative scheme: see _Revenue and Customs Commissioners v Barclays Bank
plc_ [2008] STC 476, _per_ Arden LJ at [18]. In the context of a statutory
provision which deems to be derived from Singapore payment borne by a person
resident in Singapore in order that tax is chargeable on such sums paid, it is
even more important to construe the provision carefully, having regard to the
legislative purpose behind that provision.

28 As an illustration, in the context of impugning financial assistance in
connection with the purchase of a company’s shares under s 76(1)(_a_) of the
Companies Act (Cap 50, 2006 Rev Ed), Andrew Phang J in _Wu Yang Construction
Group Ltd v Zhejiang Jinyi Group Co, Ltd_ [2006] 4 SLR(R) 451 rejected a broad
construction of the words “in connection with”, observing that (at [69] and
[71]):

69 ... a broad reading of the phrase ‘in connection with’ in s 76(1)(_a_) of
the Act (which I have rejected), whilst linguistically possible, is (at best)
an academic exercise. The provisions of the Act in general and s 76(1)(_a_)
thereof in particular exist in order to promote (rather than stifle) commerce
in a real world setting. Whilst nice linguistic arguments have their proper
place in a stimulating intellectual discussion, they have, with respect, no
place whatsoever in a practical context, where they are both irrelevant and
apt to confuse rather than enlighten. ...

...

71 ... I have, in fact already referred to the fundamental importance of the
concept of purpose in s 76(1)(_a_) of the Act. And the importance of this
concept hinges on the _mischief_ that is sought to be avoided, as set out
above. That mischief does _not_ include transactions, the sole or primary
purpose of which is to give effect to the _bona fide_ commercial interests of
the company _other than_ in the giving of financial assistance in order to
assist in the purchase of the company’s shares. If so, then the phrase ‘in
connection with’ must be given a meaning that is consistent with the context
and intention underlying s 76 of the Act itself. In the circumstances, I would
reject a broad reading of ‘in connection with’ and hold that that phrase must
be read consistently with the phrase ‘for the purpose of’. ...

[emphasis in original]

29 The original version of s 12(6) referred only to income derived from
_loans_ where the _interest_ is borne by a person resident in Singapore. The
scope of payment caught under s 12(6)(_a_) has since been expanded not only in
terms of the _type_ of payment borne (_ie_ , not only “interest” but also
“commission”, “fee”, or “any other payment”) but also the reason for that
payment. The payment borne by the person resident in Singapore can be in
connection with not only a “loan”, but also with other forms of
“indebtedness”. Apart from a loan made to the person resident in Singapore,
such indebtedness could arise, for instance, through an extension of credit or
other forms of deferred payment such as overdue trade accounts, by a non-
resident supplier of goods or services to the taxpayer resident in Singapore.
If payment is borne by that person _in consideration_ for the benefit of such
form of deferred payment, such payment is “in connection with” that
indebtedness. The obligation to make payment _arises out of_ the indebtedness.
That is the connection between the payment and the indebtedness.

30 It follows that the loan or indebtedness referred to in s 12(6)(_a_) should
not include any loan or indebtedness owed by the non-resident payee to a third
party. Such unrelated loan or indebtedness does not give rise to the payment
and the payor should not have to withhold tax thereon on account of a dubious
“connection” between the payment and the loan or indebtedness. Indeed, the
resident payor might not even be aware of such loan or indebtedness.

Whether interest rate swap payments fall within s 12(6)(a)

31 As I have noted at [8] above, in an interest rate swap agreement between
two counter-parties, there is no subsisting loan (or indebtedness) between
them. Instead, an interest rate swap agreement is an agreement between two
counter-parties to “exchange cash flows in the future”; the agreement defines
the dates when the cash flows are to be paid and the way in which they are to
be calculated (see _Hull_ ([8] above, at p 153). Typically, the quantum of the
cash flows is calculated based on a _notional principal amount_ , but it bears
emphasising that no such principal amount has been passed under a loan (or
other indebtedness) from one counter-party to the other.

32 Certainly, at the date stipulated for payment or settlement, one counter-
party has to pay the other counter-party, depending on which direction the net
cash flow is in. On that payment date, one counter-party “owes” the other a
net payment of cash flow under the interest rate swap agreement. This is of
course true of any payment of any kind from one party to the other, but that
does not mean that there is of necessity any _subsisting_ loan or indebtedness
between the paying party or the receiving party. Indeed, depending on how the
floating interest rate fluctuates, the net payment could be in either
direction, _ie_ , from the fixed rate payer to the floating rate payer or
_vice versa_. At the point of entry into the interest rate swap agreement, it
cannot be ascertained which of the counter-parties is “indebted” because it is
not until the payment or settlement date that the counter-parties can
determine which direction the net payment should be in.

33 In my view, therefore, there being no loan or indebtedness involved in an
interest rate swap agreement, payment made pursuant to such an agreement would
_not_ be “in connection with any loan or indebtedness”. Interest rate swap
payments should, ordinarily, fall outside the meaning of s 12(6)(_a_) of the
ITA.

34 I should mention that one of the arguments that the Applicant made to
explain why interest rate swap payments are not covered by s 12(6)(_a_) was
that when the amendments were introduced in 1977 to include payments for trade
indebtedness, interest rate swaps were not known even in developed financial
centres since they were first entered into in 1981. The Applicant argued,
further, that had s 12(6)(_a_) been intended to cover interest rate swaps,
Parliament would have inserted the words “interest rate swaps” in s 12(6)(_a_)
as it did in the cases of ss 10(2A), 14J(6) and 43N(1)(_c_) of the ITA. It is,
however, a settled principle that a statutory provision should be construed in
a manner which will take into account new situations which may arise and which
were not within contemplation at the time of its enactment: see _AAG v Estate
of AAH, deceased_ [2010] 1 SLR 769 at [30]. Thus, in so far as these arguments
attempt to side-step rather than engage in elucidating the words of s
12(6)(_a_), they do not assist the construction of that statutory provision.
An attempt at applying s 12(6) should be made not only in relation to facts in
existence at the time it came into force but also to circumstances which may
surface in the future.

Treatment of the SPC Payments under s 12(6)(a)

35 The Respondent contended that the SPC Payments were payments borne by the
Applicant in connection with the loans _between the SPCs and offshore banks_.
It justified its contention on the basis that Parliament had intended s 12(6)
to be given a wide interpretation so as to frustrate tax avoidance schemes
which evolved with the myriad ways that business can be conducted.

36 To my mind, interpreting the words “any loan or indebtedness” in such a way
as to include loan or indebtedness _not_ involving the resident taxpayer would
be stretching the meaning of the statutory provision far beyond the purpose
underlying it. In _Low Kok Heng_ ([24] _supra_], V K Rajah JA cautioned that
(at [52]):

[m]ore importantly, it is crucial that statutory provisions are not construed,
in the name of a purposive approach, in a manner that goes against all
possible and reasonable interpretation of the express literal wording of the
provision.

As I have explained at [29]–[30] above, it would not be reasonable to require
the resident taxpayer to withhold tax on payments purportedly “in connection
with” a loan or indebtedness that did not give rise to the payment. The loan
agreements between the non-resident SPCs and the offshore banks simply do not
concern the resident taxpayer.

37 Indeed, the SPC Payments were clearly not made in consideration for the
loan between the offshore banks and the SPCs. They were payments made pursuant
to the interest rate swap agreement between each SPC and the Applicant, which
agreement the offshore banks were not privy to. Under that agreement, there
was no subsisting loan or indebtedness owing from the Applicant to the SPC.
Therefore, the SPC Payments were not made in consideration for “any loan or
indebtedness” and are not caught under s 12(6)(_a_). They should not be deemed
to be derived from Singapore under that provision.

38 According to the Applicant, the interest rate swap agreements between the
Applicant and the Onshore Banks were entered into _on behalf of_ the SPCs.
Consequently, the sums received from and paid to the Onshore Banks under the
swap agreement with the Applicant were sums received or paid by the Applicant
“on behalf of” the SPCs. Therefore, the moneys received or paid by the
Applicant were due to or payable from the SPCs and consequently were _not_
interest rate swap payments. In this sense, the Applicant was in fact acting
as _agent_ for the SPCs in entering into the interest rate swap agreements
with the Onshore Banks.

39 In my view, such a disingenuous argument does not pass muster. On its own
case, the Applicant itself entered into swap agreements with the Onshore Banks
and the SPCs entered into swap agreements with the Applicant _mirroring_ those
swap agreements with the Onshore Banks. If the Applicant was indeed the SPCs’
agent, there would have been no need to enter into its own interest rate swaps
with the SPCs. As agent, it would have been its duty to simply pass on the
money it received from the Onshore Banks to its principals the SPCs, or to
pass the money in the other direction, depending on the net cash flow.
Further, as the SPC Payments were payments made pursuant to the terms of the
interest rate swap agreements between the Applicant and the SPCs, they clearly
were interest rate swap payments. The Applicant’s attempt to characterise the
SPC Payments as merely sums that “rightly belonged to those SPCs” was wholly
unnecessary. They “rightly belonged to those SPCs” in consequence of the
interest rate swap agreements between the Applicant and the SPCs, not through
any principal-agent relationship between the two.

Wide interpretation widely accepted?

40 The Respondent made the further argument that the wide interpretation of s
12(6) that it forwarded in these proceedings has been accepted by tax
advisors, practitioners and businesses. This was disputed by the Applicant,
which suggested that:

42\. The reality, insofar as we can tell, is that where counterparties feel
that their transactions may be within the Respondent’s wide interpretation,
they may simply avoid Singapore as the place of doing interest rate swap
businesses as it does not make economic sense to do so. ...

Owing to the connectivity amongst the major financial centres in the world, it
is easy to arrange any derivative transaction, including interest rate swap
transactions, with financial institutions all over the world, bypassing
Singapore in the process. This would inevitably occur when the transactions do
not fall within the scope of remission or exemption by the Respondent as the
relevant parties desirous of utilising interest rate swap transactions to
their benefit would enter into such transactions with banks or other
counterparties in other financial centres.

41 Quite apart from the commercial realities, this further argument does not
assist very much in the construction of s 12(6)(_a_). In _Comptroller of
Income Tax v GE Pacific Pte Ltd_ [1994] 2 SLR(R) 948, Yong Pung How CJ opined
(at [35]) that the practice of the Comptroller with regard to s 24 of the ITA
“does not in any way illuminate the question of whether this _should_ be the
practice of the Comptroller” since practice is _not_ law. Lord Neuberger of
Abbotsbury made similar observations in _Maco Door and Window Hardware (UK)
Ltd v Revenue and Customs Commissioners_ [2008] 1 WLR 1790 at [66]:

... the fact that, for a substantial period, the commissioners interpreted a
particular provision in a taxing statute in a certain way is normally of
limited assistance as to the provision’s meaning. The interpretation of
legislation is, of course, ultimately a matter for the judiciary, not the
executive. ...

To echo Lord Neuberger’s words of caution, one should be watchful of
invocations of current practice of the executive to justify an interpretation
of legislative obligations, in particular, under tax provisions. It is the
duty of the judiciary to ensure that taxpayers are taxed only under a proper
construction of the legislative provisions, not under the continuing
misapprehension of the same on the part of the executive.

42 As part of its justification for its wide interpretation of s 12(6)(_a_),
the Respondent pointed to the Income Tax (Exemption of Interest and Other
Payments for Economic and Technological Development) Notification 2000 (S
411/2000) (“the Notification”), which exempts from tax any interest rate swap
payment by a financial institution to a non-resident payee, as an indication
of response by the Ministry of Finance to feedback from relevant industry
players to continue to make Singapore an attractive and viable business and
financial hub. I do not think that the content of such subsidiary legislation,
made by the Minister pursuant to powers conferred under s 13(4) of the ITA,
can be taken to be a guide as to what Parliament intended by the language used
in the Act, particularly if the Notification postdated the 1977 amendments by
some 13 years.

Conclusion

43 Having regard to all the relevant considerations, I find that the SPC
Payments were not payments in connection with any loan or indebtedness borne
by the resident Applicant to the non-resident SPCs. In consequence, the
requirement to withhold tax under s 45 does not apply to the SPC Payments. The
application for an order to quash the Determination is granted in terms. Costs
for this application as well as the costs in relation to the leave application
are awarded in favour of the Applicant.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 25 Oct 2010 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

