Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Alliance Concrete Singapore Pte Ltd _v_ Sato Kogyo (S) Pte Ltd  
[2010] SGHC 338

Case Number| :| Suit No 465 of 2007 (Registrar's Appeal No 264 of 2010)  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 15 November 2010  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Tay Yong Kwang J  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Mark Tan and Low Yi Yang (Rajah & Tann LLP) for the
plaintiff; Eugene Tan and Soh Chun York (Drew & Napier LLC) for the defendant.  
Parties| :|  Alliance Concrete Singapore Pte Ltd — Sato Kogyo (S) Pte Ltd  
  
15 November 2010|  
---|---  
  
Tay Yong Kwang J:

Introduction

1 This was the plaintiff’s appeal against the decision of an Assistant
Registrar (“AR”) in Summons No 2389 of 2010 (“Sum 2389”) granting the
defendant’s application for discovery of certain specified documents. I
dismissed the appeal with costs fixed at $1,000 (inclusive of disbursements)
to be paid by the plaintiff to the defendant. The plaintiff has now appealed
to the Court of Appeal.

Background

2 The plaintiff is a manufacturer and supplier of ready-mixed concrete (“RMC”)
and the defendant is a building and construction company which, at the
material time between January 2007 to May 2007, was the main contractor for
the following projects:

(a) the construction and completion of the Boon Lay Mass Rapid Transit
Extension (the “Boon Lay MRT Project”);

(b) the construction of a proposed 4/5/6-storey teaching and laboratory
facility at Nanyang Link, Nanyang Technological University, Singapore (the
“NTU Project”); and

(c) the construction of a proposed 6-storey development at Telok Blangah Road
– Harbourfront, Singapore (the “Harbourfront Project”).

The plaintiff was to have supplied the defendant with up to 135,000 cubic
metres of RMC for use in the three projects listed above. Its obligations to
supply and deliver RMC were contained in three separate contracts. The
plaintiff and defendant were original parties to only two of these; in the
case of the third, the plaintiff only became a party as a result of a novation
of the contract that took place after its conclusion between the defendant and
another manufacturer.

3 RMC is manufactured by mixing cement, water, aggregates, ad-mixtures and
concreting sand. Prior to January 2007, most (if not all) of the concreting
sand used in the manufacture of RMC in Singapore originated from Indonesia.
The plaintiff was not itself an importer of concreting sand from Indonesia. It
claims, however, that the sand procured by its suppliers was sourced entirely
from that country.

4 On 22 January 2007, the Indonesian Government issued a prohibition on the
export of concreting sand from Indonesia to Singapore (the “Sand Ban”). The
ban took effect on 6 February 2007 and it became illegal to obtain sand from
Indonesia. In order to ameliorate the sudden shortage of supply of sand that
resulted, the Building and Construction Authority of Singapore (the “BCA”) and
the Singapore Contractors Association Limited (“SCAL”) devised a scheme on or
about 3 February 2007 for the release of sand from the Singapore government
stockpiles to construction companies and main contractors (the “BCA
Procedure”) for use in their projects. Under the BCA Procedure, contractors
working on ongoing projects would have to fill in a weekly usage requirement
form and submit it to the BCA. The latter would then designate a stockpile
from which sand could be allocated and released to the contractor. A statement
on 2 February 2007 from the BCA on “Obtaining Sand from the Stockpile” also
made it clear that it was for main contractors to arrange for the sand
released under this Procedure to be collected and transported[note: 1]. While
the BCA Procedure provided a general framework for sand to be obtained, it
left several issues to be resolved between contractors and RMC manufacturers
privately. These included:

(a) the protocol and workflow for administering the weekly usage requirement
form;

(b) the contractual ramifications of adopting the BCA Procedure; and

(c) the issue of who should bear the additional costs arising from both the
shortage of supply of sand resulting from the ban and the cost of transporting
the allocated sand from government stockpiles to RMC manufacturers.

It appears that RMC manufacturers had no role to play in the BCA Procedure.
Their only responsibility was to ensure that their batching plants and/or
stockyards were ready to receive any sand transported to them[note: 2].

4 Following the announcements above, the parties used the BCA Procedure to
obtain sand from government stockpiles. The defendant requisitioned the sand,
paid for it and delivered the same to the plaintiff. The latter, in turn,
intermittently supplied RMC to the defendant’s worksites until May 2007, when
the defendant ceased to place orders for RMC with the plaintiff entirely. The
plaintiff then commenced this action on 27 July 2007, where it claims the sum
of $2,055,670.65 for RMC that it supplied to the defendant’s worksites
following the Sand Ban and for which it claims it was not paid. The defendant,
on its part, filed a Defence denying the plaintiff’s claim and making a
counterclaim for damages consisting of the additional costs of purchasing
replacement RMC and for the delay and disruption caused to its three projects
as a result of the plaintiff’s failure to supply RMC.

The dispute before the court

5 The parties do not dispute the fact that the BCA Procedure was used. What
they disagree about is the reason why the BCA Procedure was utilised and the
implications thereof. According to the plaintiff, the original contracts
between the parties were frustrated by the imposition of the Sand Ban,
rendering the plaintiff’s obligations under the said contracts radically
different from what were originally undertaken. The defendant, however, claims
that no such frustration occurred and that the plaintiff had, following the
announcement of the Sand Ban, repudiated the original contracts. In the face
of this repudiation, the defendant utilised the BCA Procedure to obtain
government sand, supplied the plaintiff with the sand and obtained some RMC in
return as an interim measure to mitigate its damages while negotiations over
the terms of the original contracts were underway.

6 This, therefore, was the context in which Sum 2389 was brought for discovery
of the following documents:

S/n |  Description  
---|---  
1. |  The defendant’s email dated 5 February 2007 referred to in paragraph 10C(i)(b) of the Plaintiff’s Statement of Claim (Amendment No. 2 ) filed on 1 June 2009  
2. |  The plaintiff’s quotations of 9 February 2009, 23 February 2009 and 8 March 2009 referred to in paragraph 4C of the plaintiff’s Reply and Defence to Counterclaim (Amendment No. 3) filed on 15 January 2010  
3. |  Monthly Material Status records from January 2007 to May 2007 of all the plaintiff’s batching plants (except for Tuas and Penjuru Batching Plants)  
4. |  With respect to the plaintiff’s Penjuru Batching Plant, the Monthly Material Status records for the months of March 2007 to May 2007  
5. |  With respect to the plaintiff’s Tuas Batching Plant, the Monthly Material Status records for the month of January 2007  
6. |  The plaintiff’s agreement(s) with Sin Heng Chan in January 2007 to May 2007 for the supply of sand  
7. |  The plaintiff’s booking lists for orders of ready mixed concrete received during the period January 2007 to May 2007  
  
  

The AR allowed the defendant’s application in respect of all the items listed
above. The plaintiff appealed against the decision only in respect of items 3
to 7 above. Discovery for items 1 and 2 was not contested at the hearing below
and is not an issue in this appeal.

The applicable legal principles

7 Under O 24 r 5 of the Rules of Court (Cap 322, Rule 5, 2006 Rev Ed), the
court may order discovery of any document which is relevant to the matters in
dispute insofar as the document could adversely affect a party’s own case,
adversely affect another party’s case or support another party’s case. The
question of relevance is, quite naturally, determined by reference to the
issues raised by the parties’ pleadings: _Tan Chin Seng v Raffles Town Club
Pte Ltd_ [2002] 2 SLR(R) 465, at [18]. At this interlocutory stage, the court
should not enter into an in-depth analysis as to the document’s exact degree
of relevance. Instead, what is required is to determine only whether the
document in question may reasonably be expected to assist in proving or
disproving the fact in issue: _Management Corporation Strata Title Plan No
2297 v Seasons Park Ltd_ [2004] SGHC 142, at [15].

8 Of course, relevance is not the only consideration. Once relevance in
established, the court will order a document’s discovery unless it is shown
that discovery is not necessary – either at that stage of the matter or at all
– to dispose fairly of the case or matter or for saving costs: O 24 r 7; _Tan
Chin Seng v Raffles Town Club Pte Ltd_ , _supra_ , at [15].

Application to the facts

Items 3 to 5

9 The documents sought in items 3 to 5 in the list enumerated above are the
Monthly Material Status records of the plaintiff’s various batching plants.
These records refer to the plaintiff’s inventories of its stocks of sand. On
24 October 2008, the plaintiff had, pursuant to an Order of Court dated 3
October 2008 in Registrar’s Appeal No 242 of 2008, filed a Supplementary List
of Documents giving discovery of, among other documents:

(a) the Monthly Material Status records for the plaintiff’s Tuas Plant for the
period between February 2007 and May 2007; and

(b) the Monthly Material Status records for the plaintiff’s Penjuru Plant for
the period between November 2006 and February 2007.

Items 4 and 5 above, therefore, seek discovery of those missing records
between January and May 2007 while item 3 seeks to expand the scope of the
previous discovery order to include the other six of the plaintiff’s eight
batching plants.

10 The defendant submits that these documents are relevant for determining
whether it really was “impossible [for the plaintiff] to perform” its
obligations under the contracts with the defendant. The records would show if
the plaintiff had sufficient inventories of sand to continue the production of
RMC following the announcement of the Sand Ban at the end of January 2007 and
thus would be relevant for demonstrating whether the Sand Ban really made it
impossible for the plaintiff to continue performing its obligations under the
contracts without any fault on its part.

11 The plaintiff’s objections to disclosure were premised on two grounds.
First, it argues that the issue of whether the contracts may be deemed to be
frustrated hinges on whether the Sand Ban had rendered the plaintiff’s
obligations under the contracts radically different from what the plaintiff
had originally undertaken. The state of the plaintiff’s sand inventories was
therefore irrelevant to the question of frustration. Moreover, the defendant
had not pleaded a positive case to say that the plaintiff had sufficient
amounts of sand in its possession to carry out its obligations under the
contracts. The records so requested in items 3 to 5 were therefore irrelevant
to the pleaded issues. The second objection was premised on the principle of
necessity. The plaintiff argued that even if the records showed that the
plaintiff had sufficient sand in its inventories at the time, the records
would not show if there were sufficient quantities for the defendant’s
projects as the plaintiff was also receiving government sand from its other
customers for use in their projects. The Material Monthly Status reports,
therefore, would not answer the question whether the plaintiff’s obligations
had been rendered so radically different by the Sand Ban and the BCA Procedure
as to deem the contracts frustrated. The documents were, therefore not
necessary either for disposing fairly of the issues at hand or for saving
costs.

12 The plaintiff’s insistence that the issue of whether the contracts may be
deemed to be frustrated hinges solely on the question whether the plaintiff’s
obligations were rendered radically different from what they had originally
undertaken is artificially narrow, even within the scope of its own pleaded
case. The plaintiff’s Statement of Claim (Amendment No. 2) dated 1 June 2009
states:

K.Following the Sand Ban, it became illegal for the Plaintiff’s sand suppliers
as well as any other party (including the Plaintiff) to procure sand from
Indonesia. The BCA became the only source of sand available after the Sand
Ban.

L.The San Ban was an unforeseeable and unforeseen event which was not brought
about by the act/default of the Plaintiff, and was an event that was beyond
the Plaintiff’s control.

M.In the circumstances, the Plaintiff’s performance of the Contracts was
rendered radically different from what was originally undertaken by the
Plaintiff _and/or had become impossible_ _without any fault_ _of the
Plaintiff_.

[emphasis added]

Impossibility of performance was pleaded not once in the Statement of Claim,
but several times. The same words may be found at paragraphs 4A, 10B and 15B
of the Statement of Claim (Amendment No. 2) and the defendant, by denying
those paragraphs and putting the plaintiff to strict proof thereof (at
paragraphs 5A, 11A and 15 of their Defence and Counterclaim(Amendment No. 2)),
has ensured that there was joinder on the issue. It is true that the words
“had become impossible without any fault of the Plaintiff” were phrased both
conjunctively and disjunctively with the element of “radical difference” and
the plaintiff may therefore ultimately choose to argue that impossibility of
performance need not be established where a radical change in the obligations
undertaken in a contract is proven. That, however, is a matter that may only
be addressed after hearing the facts relevant to the pleaded case. The
plaintiff is not entitled, at this stage of the proceedings, to deny discovery
on an element of its pleaded case even if it chooses, in the end, not to rely
on the particular pleaded fact in order to establish its case.

13 In my view, therefore, the Monthly Material Status reports of all of the
plaintiff’s batching plants between January and May 2007 are both relevant and
necessary in order to establish whether the Sand Ban rendered the plaintiff’s
performance of its obligations under the contracts impossible without fault on
its part. I accept the defendant’s submission that the records would show
whether the plaintiff had sufficient inventories of sand to continue the
production of RMC following the announcement of the Sand Ban at the end of
January 2007. If the records show that there was sufficient sand in the
plaintiff’s inventories to meet the defendant’s RMC needs then, _prima facie_
, it was not impossible for the plaintiff to perform its obligations under the
contracts even if the Sand Ban and BCA Procedure rendered the obligations
under the contract radically different from what they were before. If, as the
plaintiff submits, the inventoried sand was obtained under the BCA Procedure
and belonged to other customers, then it would be the plaintiff’s onus to
disclose and adduce further evidence to show that to be the case. If the sand
did not belong to other customers, then the fact that it was used to fulfil
the orders of other customers may indicate that the failure to perform was due
to some fault on the part of the plaintiff. The fact that the documents sought
by the defendant will not conclusively prove the point it hopes to establish
at trial is no reason to deny discovery of the same at this stage of the
proceedings.

14 A final objection made by the plaintiff is premised on the argument that
the defendant’s application for discovery of all the documents in item 3 of
the list above considerably widens the scope of discovery requested. It then
relies on the dicta of Belinda Ang J in _Bayerische Hypo-und Vereinsbank AG v
Asia Pacific Breweries (Singapore) Pte Ltd and other applications_ [2004] 4
SLR(R) 39 at [38] (“ _Asia Pacific_ ”), where the judge said:

... The wider the range of documents requested the more difficult it is for
the court to decide whether the documents are necessary for “disposing fairly”
of the matter or cause before proceedings are commenced or for “saving
costs”...

15 There is a big difference between the range of documents sought in this
case and in _Asia Pacific_. It is true that the defendant sought, in this
case, to expand its discovery of the plaintiff’s Monthly Material Status
reports to include all eight batching plants (rather than the original two for
which it was granted discovery in Registrar’s Appeal No 242 of 2008). However,
this was nowhere as wide a range of documents as that sought in _Asia Pacific_
, where the banks were seeking discovery of a very broad range of documents
from those relating to the employment of Chia Teck Leng to the organisation
charts of the companies APBS and APBL and to all the documents relating to the
bank accounts and loans of APBS between 1999 and 2003. Here, the defendant is
only seeking discovery of four months of documents, not four years. It should
also be noted that Belinda Ang J’s remarks were made in the context of an
application for pre-action discovery. Once the action is commenced, the
question of necessity may not be so limiting a requirement and the wide range
of documents that the applicant was denied discovery of at the pre-action
stage may well be both relevant and necessary at the later stage.

Item 6

16 Item 6 on the list at [6] above relates to the plaintiff’s contract(s) with
the company Sin Heng Chan – one of the plaintiff’s sand suppliers. The
plaintiff was previously ordered by Belinda Ang J in Registrar’s Appeal No 242
of 2008 to disclose its contracts with its sand suppliers and, pursuant to
that order, the plaintiff did disclose its contracts with a number of its sand
suppliers in its Supplementary List of Documents filed on 24 October 2007. The
contracts with Sin Heng Chan, however, were omitted and, according to the
defendant, it only discovered the omission when reviewing the inventory
records for the Tuas Plant after they were disclosed by the plaintiff.

17 The plaintiff objected to the application for discovery of its contract
with Sin Heng Chan on the basis that it was irrelevant to the question of
frustration. The Sand Ban occurred in January 2007. According to the Monthly
Material Status reports from the plaintiff’s Tuas Plant, however, Sin Heng
Chan only delivered sand to the plaintiff in May 2007. This was three months
after the Sand Ban commenced and it was also the month in which the defendant
purported to accept what it says was the plaintiff’s repudiation of the
contracts between them. Thus, the plaintiff argued, the contract with Sin Heng
Chan would not show whether the plaintiff had sufficient concreting sand in
order to manufacture RMC for the defendant’s projects at or about the time the
Sand Ban came into effect.

18 I note that in Registrar’s Appeal No 242 of 2008, Belinda Ang J
specifically stated that she was ordering discovery of all the agreements
between the plaintiff and its sand suppliers who were supplying sand to the
plaintiff between the announcement of the sand ban in January/February 2007
and _the end of May 2007_. The plaintiff was therefore already obliged to
disclose this contract with Sin Heng Chan by virtue of the said judge’s order
and it could not now object to discovery on the basis of irrelevance.

Item 7

19 Item 7 relates to the plaintiff’s booking lists for orders of RMC received
between January and May 2007. These documents would show the orders received
by the plaintiff for the specified period and the quantities of RMC that it
was supplying to its customers. The defendant argues that these documents are
relevant to the issue of impossibility of performance because if the booking
list showed the plaintiff supplying RMC in large quantities to its other
customers and not the defendant, it would go towards showing that it was not
impossible for the plaintiff to supply RMC during the relevant period. The
plaintiff, however, argues that while the documents might show whether the
plaintiff was capable of supplying RMC to its other customers, they would not
show whether the plaintiff was capable of supplying RMC to the defendant. Any
RMC supplied to the plaintiff’s other customers would have been RMC
manufactured using sand obtained under the BCA Procedure and would belong to
those customers who had placed orders for the sand under the BCA Procedure.
Thus, the plaintiff argued, the documents in item 7 were neither relevant nor
necessary to the issue at hand.

20 I did not accept the plaintiff’s submissions on relevance and necessity.
The documents sought by the defendant in item 7 are both relevant and
necessary in order to provide a full picture of whether it was really
impossible for the plaintiff to continue supplying the defendant with RMC
during the material time. The Monthly Material Status reports in items 3 to 5
and the booking lists in item 7 appear to me to be two sides of the same coin
in this respect. If the Monthly Material Status reports show that there was
sufficient sand in the plaintiff’s inventories to meet the defendant’s RMC
needs then, _prima facie_ , it was not impossible for the plaintiff to perform
its obligations under the contracts even if the Sand Ban and BCA Procedure
rendered the obligations under the contract radically different from what they
were before. If, as the plaintiff submits, the inventoried sand was sand
obtained under the BCA Procedure and belonged to other customers, then the
onus would be on the plaintiff to disclose and adduce further evidence to show
that to be the case. If the sand did not belong to other customers, then the
fact that it was used to fulfil the orders of other customers may indicate
that the failure to perform was due to some fault on the part of the
plaintiff. The booking lists sought by the defendant in item 7 would be
relevant and necessary for these issues. Whether the documents would
demonstrate the points conclusively is a matter of weight, not relevance.

Conclusion

21 For these reasons, I dismissed the plaintiff’s appeal and ordered the
plaintiff to pay the defendant costs of $1,000 (inclusive of disbursements)
for the appeal.

* * *

[note: 1]Statement of Claim (Amendment No. 2), 1 June 2009, pg 64

[note: 2]Statement of Claim (Amendment No. 2), 1 June 2009, pg 62

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 15 Nov 2010 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

