Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Tang Kheok Hwa Rosemary (trading as R M Martin Supplies and Services) _v_
Jaldhi Overseas Pte Ltd  
[2010] SGHC 25

Case Number| :| Suit No 580 of 2007 (Registrar's Appeal Nos 333 and 334 of
2009)  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 20 January 2010  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Lee Seiu Kin J  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  K Ravintheran (K Ravi Law Corporation) for the plaintiff;
R Srivathsan (Haridass Ho & Partners) for the defendant.  
Parties| :|  Tang Kheok Hwa Rosemary (trading as R M Martin Supplies and
Services) — Jaldhi Overseas Pte Ltd  
  
20 January 2010|  
---|---  
  
Lee Seiu Kin J:

1 This was an appeal by the plaintiff against the decision of the assistant
registrar (“the AR”) given on 27 August 2009 in TA3 of 2008 in which he
ordered as follows:

(a) Judgment entered in favour of the Defendant for the sum of US$868,976.54
with interest at 5.33% from 8 October 2007 to date of payment.

(b) Interest on the sum of US$230,006.63 at 5.33% from 6 June 2008 to 27
August 2009.

(c) The Plaintiff to pay the Defendant the costs of the Taking of Accounts to
be agreed, if not, taxed.

2 The plaintiff’s appeal rested on two bases, the first was that the AR had
interfered excessively in the proceedings and the second was that the findings
of the AR were not supported by the evidence.

Excessive judicial interference

3 The plaintiff submitted that the AR had interfered excessively in the
proceedings by taking over the questioning, and asking leading questions and
cross-examining the witnesses, in particular PW1 Moses Tay and PW3 Xin Weihua
(“Xin”). The plaintiff’s counsel listed instances in the notes of evidence of
the proceedings in which the AR had asked questions of the witnesses. Going
over this list, while it is true that the AR had asked questions of the
witnesses in those instances, they were mostly by way of clarification. And
even if many of the questions could have been better put, I was of the view
that looked upon as a whole, it certainly could not be said to be such an
egregious case that would justify the conclusion that there was excessive
judicial interference. As the Court of Appeal had clearly stated in _Mohammed
Ali bin Johari v Public Prosecutor_ [2008] 4 SLR(R) 1058 at [164]:

… it is important to also reiterate the need (especially in the modern-day
context) to bear in mind that the doctrine proscribing judicial interference
is one that ought to be invoked _only in the most egregious cases_. Indeed, as
already mentioned, the doctrine ought not – and cannot – become a stock
argument that is invoked by parties as a matter of course and, indeed, would
be frowned upon (and perhaps visited by appropriate measures) by the court
where there has been a clear abuse of process. [emphasis in original]

Findings not supported by evidence

4 The second basis of the plaintiff’s appeal was that the following findings
of the AR were not supported by the evidence:

(a) Two over-invoiced sums amounting to US$638,978.97 was secret profit earned
by the plaintiff.

(b) The plaintiff was not entitled to deduct demurrage/despatch monies
amounting to US$191,664.23.

5 The AR had, in a carefully drafted judgment, set out his reasons for the
decisions. In relation to the over-invoiced sum of US$638,978.97, he had
correctly assessed that the burden lay on the plaintiff to prove that it was
entitled to the money. To prove this, the plaintiff relied mainly on the
evidence of Xin. However the AR found that he was a difficult and evasive
witness. Further, the plaintiff’s case had shifted in the course of the
proceedings. The AR was wholly justified in rejecting the evidence of the
plaintiff’s witnesses. He had the opportunity of observing their demeanour and
behaviour on the stand. In the circumstances I found that the AR was justified
in finding that the plaintiff had failed to discharge the burden of proving
that it was entitled to retain the US$638,978.97.

6 In respect of the demurrage/despatch monies totalling US$191,664.23, the
following are not disputed:

(a) the sum of US$191,664.23 comprises monies due to Shandong Metallurgical
Resources Co Ltd (“Shandong”), a Chinese company that was the true charterer
of vessels belonging to the defendant;

(b) the sum comprised US$27,199.65 owed by Sarat Chaterjee & Co (VSP) Private
Ltd (“Sarat”), US$25,804.16 owed by Bellary Iron Ores Private Ltd (“Bellary”)
and US$138,660.42 owed by the defendant; and

(c) the plaintiff had deducted the sum of US$191,664.23 from the payments due
to the defendant on the instruction of Shandong and without the consent of the
defendant.

7 In respect of the sums owed by Sarat and Bellary, the AR was correct in
holding that there was insufficient evidence to pierce the corporate veil that
the plaintiff submitted ought to be done to make the defendant liable for this
sum. As for the sum of US$138,660.42 owed by the defendant to Shandong, the AR
correctly held that the freight payable for cargo carried on a vessel is
payable without deduction or set-off even in relation to cross-claims arising
in respect of the same fixture. I would add that the plaintiff was the
defendant’s agent in respect of the collection of the payment for the
invoices; it was not the agent for Shandong vis-à-vis the plaintiff. I also
agreed with the defendant’s submissions before me that the evidence showed
that of the US$138,660.42, US$38,202.09 represented a despatch claim by
Shandong Wanbao Trading, which is a different entity from Shandong. The
remaining sum of US$100,458.33 was a claim by Shandong in relation to a
different vessel from the one in the invoice from which the deduction was
made.

8 In the premises, I dismissed the plaintiff’s appeal with costs fixed at
$2,000, which took into account the fact that the defendant had failed in its
appeal in Registrar’s Appeal No 334 of 2009 which was heard at the same time.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 20 Jan 2010 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

