Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Baldor Electric (Asia) Pte Ltd _v_ Liew Chin Choy and others  
[2010] SGHC 32

Case Number| :| Suit No 439 of 2006  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 28 January 2010  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Tay Yong Kwang J  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Suresh Nair (Allen & Gledhill LLP), Ng Lip Chih (NLC Asia
Law LLP) and Eunice Chew (Allen & Gledhill LLP) for the plaintiff; David Liew
(DSH Law Corporation) for the first and second defendants; Joseph Tan and
Corinne Taylor (Legal Solutions LLC) for the third defendant.  
Parties| :|  Baldor Electric (Asia) Pte Ltd — Liew Chin Choy and others  
  
28 January 2010|  
---|---  
  
Tay Yong Kwang J:

Introduction

1 The plaintiff, Baldor Electric (Asia) Pte Ltd (“Baldor”) is suing the first
defendant, Liew Chin Choy (“Liew”) for alleged breaches of his fiduciary
duties and/or duties of fidelity and good faith and duties of confidentiality
owed to it as its Sales Manager. Baldor also claims against the second
defendant, Neo Bee Hong (“Neo”), Liew’s wife, as constructive trustee for
moneys she received on behalf of Liew acting in breach of his duties. Baldor
claims against the third defendant, WEG Export Adora S.A. (“WEG”) for inducing
Liew to breach his duties to Baldor and/or for unlawful interference in and as
constructive trustee in respect of corporate opportunities diverted to WEG by
Liew. Baldor has a further claim against Liew and WEG for conspiracy to
defraud Baldor. Finally Liew counterclaims against Baldor for his loss of
employment as a result of the commencement of this action.

2 The trial was on the question of liability only. At the conclusion of the
evidence, parties requested time for written submissions to be exchanged. The
final set of written submissions (the plaintiff’s reply) was filed on 17
December 2009.

Background facts

3 Baldor’s parent company Baldor Electric Company (“Baldor US”) specialises in
the marketing, designing and manufacturing of electric motors, drives and
generators. Baldor is in charge of the sale of Baldor US’s products to
distributors, original equipment manufacturers and direct customers in Asia.

4 Liew was employed by Baldor as its Assistant Sales Manager on 1 October
1999. With effect from 1 January 2002, Liew was promoted to Sales Manager of
Baldor. As Sales Manager, Liew was responsible for the sales and marketing of
Baldor US’s motors in Singapore, Malaysia, Indonesia, Brunei, Thailand and
Vietnam, in various industries, in particular the oil and gas industry. He
reported directly to Tan Peng Yong (“Tan”), the Managing Director of Baldor.

5 PT Kenvin Elektrika Makmur (“PT Kenvin”) was incorporated on 7 August 2002
in Indonesia. Liew became the second bank signatory for PT Kenvin’s bank
account before it was incorporated. Liew issued two letters under Baldor’s
letterhead dated 1 May 2003 and 4 May 2004 certifying that PT Kenvin was
Baldor’s authorised distributor/agent in Indonesia. Neo opened a DBS Bank US
Dollar Account No 0023-XXXXXX-XX-X-XXX (“USD account”) on 17 May 2003 and
received into her USD account USD15,000 from PT Kenvin (“First Secret
Payment”) on 23 May 2003 and a further sum of USD5,000 into her USD account
from PT Kenvin (“Second Secret Payment”) on 25 May 2004. Around July 2005,
Liew received USD9,000 (“Third Secret Payment”) from PT Sarana Teknik Industri
(“PT Sarana”), a customer of PT Kenvin and around August 2005, Liew received
S$2,450 (“Fourth Secret Payment”) from CV Surya Cipta Pratama (“CV Surya”),
another customer of PT Kenvin. Collectively, I shall refer to the four
payments as Secret Payments.

6 Liew resigned and left Baldor’s employment on 30 September 2005. He
commenced employment with WEG on 1 October 2005 as Managing Director of WEG
Singapore Pte Ltd (“WEG Singapore”) which was registered in Singapore on 17
October 2005. WEG was founded on 25 September 2001 with its headquarters in
Brazil. WEG is in the business of providing solutions with electric machines,
including the designing and manufacturing of electric motors and automation
for industry and energy systems.

7 Liew’s relationship with WEG begun after Liew initiated contact via email
with WEG sometime in or around February 2005. There was no contact between WEG
and Liew until Djalma Luis Wolf (“Wolf”), the Export Manager for Asian Markets
for WEG (as he then was), spoke to Liew on 22 April 2005 over the telephone
regarding Liew’s proposal to assist WEG in opening a branch office in
Singapore. Further communication between Liew and WEG representatives took
place via email as well as via face-to-face meetings before Liew was employed
by WEG. On or around 16 May 2005, Liew met Sergio Luiz Silva Schwartz
(“Schwartz”), a director of WEG, in Nantong City, China. From 1 to 4 August
2005, Liew met several of the directors and managers of WEG in Brazil.
Sometime in late August 2005, Wolf and Schwartz met Liew in Singapore before
the three of them proceeded to Indonesia and Taiwan.

8 Between 8 August and 30 August 2005, Liew sent four sales enquiries he
received in his capacity as employee of Baldor to Wolf. Wolf provided WEG
quotations for the four sales enquiries to Liew.

9 On 6 September 2005, WEG sent the finalised employment contract to Liew,
paving the way for his move to WEG Singapore on 1 October 2005.

10 Following a letter dated 17 October 2005 from one Mdm Hajjah Widyantari
Darwin (“Mdm Widya”) to Baldor, Baldor commenced investigations into Liew’s
conduct during the period he was working at Baldor. On 4 November 2005,
Baldor’s solicitors sent a letter of demand to Liew demanding, amongst other
things, the repayment of USD29,000 (see [5] above) which Liew received from PT
Kenvin for the sale of Baldor motors by PT Kenvin. Liew replied on 15 November
2005 agreeing to pay the USD29,000 in three instalments. On 23 November 2005,
Liew confirmed “I did not receive any monies from any other
organisation/companies in the territories nor monies from PT. Kenvin”. On 3
December 2005, Baldor’s solicitors wrote to Liew stating that in reliance on
his express representation that apart from USD29,000, he did not receive any
other sums from PT Kenvin, its customers or any other organisation in breach
of his duties to Baldor, Baldor accepted his instalment plan and that upon
receipt of full payment, Baldor stated that it shall cease to have further
claims against Liew in relation to the matters set out in their earlier letter
dated 4 November 2005. Liew paid Baldor a total of USD29,000 in three
instalments on 5 December 2005, 23 December 2005 and 4 January 2006 using his
personal savings as well as a loan of S$10,000 from Thiang Shiang Hiang
(“Thiang”), his friend.

11 In or around late December 2005, Tan discovered that Liew had joined WEG.
Further, in or around February 2006, Tan discovered that Liew had received a
payment of S$2,450 from another of PT Kenvin’s customers CV Surya in or around
August 2005, contrary to Liew’s confirmation on 23 November 2005 that he had
not received money from any other company.

12 On 3 February 2006, TecBiz FRisMan Pte Ltd (“TechBiz”) was engaged by
Baldor to retrieve email messages from a Fujitsu laptop computer (“Fujitsu
Laptop”) which had been assigned to Liew during his employment with Baldor.

13 With effect from 1 November 2006, WEG terminated Liew’s employment
contract. Liew then started a new company, Motor Technology Asia and was
appointed as WEG’s agent in Singapore in December 2006. This appointment has
since been terminated.

Baldor’s case

14 I shall deal briefly with the interlocutory applications before going into
the substance of the case. In SUM 5573 of 2009, Baldor sought leave for the
first Affidavit of Evidence-in-Chief (“AEIC”) of Mdm Widya dated 14 December
2007 (“First AEIC”) on behalf of Baldor to be received in evidence
notwithstanding her non-attendance at the trial for cross-examination.
Subsequent to her First AEIC, Mdm Widya signed a supplementary AEIC on 5
February 2008 (“Supplementary AEIC”) stating that she signed her First AEIC
without properly understanding the contents therein. Mdm Widya then signed a
second supplementary AEIC dated 4 September 2009 (“Second Supplementary AEIC”)
to reply to various allegations made by Baldor’s witnesses against her in
their AEICs, but leave for Liew to file Mdm Widya’s Second Supplementary AEIC
was refused by an Assistant Registrar (in SUM 4983 of 2009). Given that Mdm
Widya was not giving evidence in court and she had substantially changed her
evidence on affidavit, I disallowed the application in SUM 5573 of 2009 and
ordered that all the AEICs of Mdm Widya not be admitted into evidence as I
would not be in a position to assess the reliability of Mdm Widya’s evidence
since she was not going to testify in court.

15 In the light of my decision in relation to SUM 5573 of 2009, I disallowed
Baldor’s application in SUM 5420 of 2009 to call Chew Siang Tong to give
evidence as to how Mdm Widya’s Supplementary AEIC came about. I also refused
leave to Baldor to call Maya Augustin, a translator who translated one Mr
Indra Tjia’s AEIC (see [26] below) to him, because the translation of Indra
Tjia’s AEIC was not in issue.

16 Moving to the substantive claims in this suit, Baldor claims against Liew
for breaches of fiduciary duties and/or duties of fidelity and good faith and
duties of confidentiality owed to it as its Sales Manager. Baldor alleges that
Liew breached his duties by (see paragraphs 10 and 11 of the Statement of
Claim (Amendment No 2)):

i)

placing himself in a position where his interests conflicted with Baldor’s
interest and made secret profits and/or received secret payments;

ii)

diverting corporate opportunities to PT Kenvin and WEG; and

iii)

using or disclosing confidential information belonging to Baldor (or will use
or disclose it).

17 The confidential information which Baldor alleges in its pleadings that
Liew has used or disclosed or will use or disclose is the information obtained
by Liew in:

i)

the course materials for the one-on-one generator training in Oshkosh &
Mukwonago from 8 March to 12 March 2005; and

ii)

all the information set out in the course materials for the H2 Drive course
from 14 March to 16 March 2005.

I shall refer to the alleged confidential information collectively as the
Baldor Information (“Baldor Information”). Baldor also claims S$15,052.27 from
Liew for the cost of the two Baldor courses which Liew attended in the US.

18 Baldor claims against Neo as constructive trustee for monies received by
her on behalf of Liew, which Baldor alleges Liew received in breach of his
duties to Baldor. Baldor further claims against WEG for inducing Liew to
breach his duties to Baldor and/or for unlawful interference in and as
constructive trustee in respect of the corporate opportunities diverted to it
by Liew.

Liew’s Defence and Counterclaim

19 Liew (in his Defence and Counterclaim (Amendment No 2)) denies that he owed
fiduciary duties to Baldor. He denies having any interest in Baldor. He
pleaded that he assisted PT Kenvin to further the interest of Baldor but not
as consultant to PT Kenvin. He also pleaded that the receipt of the First and
Second Secret Payments from PT Kenvin into Neo’s USD account on 23 May 2003
and 25 May 2004 were in fact repayments of personal loans he had made to Mdm
Widya.

20 Liew also denies that Baldor is entitled to a refund of the alleged costs
and expenses for the Baldor courses in the sum of S$15,052.27 on the ground
that he did not apply for the courses. Instead, it was Tan who wanted him to
attend the training courses.

21 In relation to the Baldor Information, Liew pleaded that much of the
information was available in the public domain and he had no intention to pass
confidential information to WEG for the purposes of commercial profit or
advantage. Further, no loss or damage has resulted to Baldor.

22 Neo (in her Defence (Amendment No 2)) denies that she was a nominee for
Liew and that she had received money arising out of a breach of Liew’s duties
owed to Baldor.

23 In the light of the fact that Liew was asked to leave WEG’s employment and
has not been able to seek gainful employment that offered the same
remuneration as his employment with WEG, Liew counterclaims against Baldor for
losses and damages due to him as a result of Baldor’s action against him.

24 Liew and WEG deny Baldor’s claim of conspiracy to defraud Baldor and WEG
denied all other alleged wrongdoing.

Issues raised in the present Suit

25 The main issues raised in this Suit are as follows:

a)

Whether Liew has breached his duties of good faith and fidelity and fiduciary
duties to Baldor as its Sales Manager;

b)

Whether the Baldor Information was in fact confidential and if so, whether
Liew has disclosed or will divulge such information to WEG;

c)

Whether Neo is liable as constructive trustee of the receipt of secret profits
from PT Kenvin;

d)

Whether the alleged conspiracy between Liew and WEG to damage the interest of
Baldor has been made out; and

e)

Whether WEG had induced Liew to breach his duties owed to Baldor and was
constructive trustee for corporate opportunities diverted from Baldor to WEG.

Summary of the evidence

PW1 Indra Tjia

26 Indra Tjia is the Managing Director of PT Sarana. PT Sarana had a joint
venture with a Singapore company resulting in a joint venture company known as
PT Sarana Sentral Industri (“PT Sarana Sentral”). PT Sarana Sentral
accumulated debts owed to Baldor and PT Sarana undertook to repay PT Sarana
Sentral’s outstanding debt to Baldor in instalments. Indra Tjia’s evidence was
that during the period when PT Sarana was paying the said instalments to
Baldor, Liew told him that instead of dealing directly with Baldor, he should
deal with PT Kenvin instead. He assumed that it was because PT Sarana Sentral
owed money to Baldor that Baldor did not want to deal directly with PT Sarana.
Even after PT Sarana Sentral’s debt had been repaid, Liew told him that it
would not be possible for Baldor to deal with PT Sarana directly as Baldor US
did not wish to sell Baldor products to PT Sarana (see paragraph 7 of Indra
Tjia’s affidavit).

27 In his early dealings with PT Kenvin, the monies due to PT Kenvin would be
collected by Selfi Gloria, PT Kenvin’s accountant, and after she left, one Ms
Yani. On one occasion in or around 7 July 2005, Ms Yani telephoned him and
told him that Liew would collect the money that was payable to PT Kenvin.
According to Indra Tjia, Liew told him that it was necessary for Liew to
collect the money because PT Kenvin had not paid Baldor the sums due to it.

PW2 Wilfred Adrian Nathan

28 Wilfred Adrian Nathan (“Nathan”) is the senior manager of computer
forensics of TechBiz. He was the one who retrieved the email messages from the
Fujitsu Laptop.

29 His evidence was that not all documents contained in the hard disk of the
Fujitsu Laptop had been retrieved (see NE 26 Oct pg 37, line 29). The data
Nathan retrieved from the Fujitsu Laptop included data post-September 2005,
which he agreed was not created by Liew as Liew had handed the Fujitsu Laptop
to Baldor on 30 September 2005. However, he was of the view that although
there were four months between the time Liew handed over the Fujitsu Laptop to
Baldor and the time he conducted the retrieval exercise on 3 February 2006,
there would have been no opportunity for someone to plant information into the
Fujitsu Laptop given that Windows XP on the Fujitsu Laptop maintained an
events log which showed that the last time anyone accessed Liew’s account on
the Fujitsu Laptop was on 30 September 2005 at 4.40 pm.

PW3 Tan Peng Yong

30 Tan has been the Managing Director of Baldor since 1 October 1996. Tan’s
evidence is that he was the only person with the authority to appoint
distributors for Baldor and that Liew acted outside his authority by issuing
letters certifying that PT Kenvin was an authorised distributor of Baldor when
Tan had not appointed PT Kenvin as one.

31 Tan was of the view that WEG was a direct competitor of Baldor given that
WEG and Baldor sold NEMA (short form for National Electrical Manufacturers
Association) and IEC (short form for International Electrotechnical
Commission) dimension motors. In relation to the Baldor courses, Tan’s
evidence was that it was part and parcel of Baldor’s policy that sales people
like Liew be sent for training to obtain technical knowledge so that they knew
the products that they were selling. He alleged that the Baldor Information
was confidential because it contained details on Baldor’s products that were
not available to the public.

PW4 Roy Seah Poh Chieu

32 Roy Seah Poh Chieu (“Seah”) is the Senior Regional Sales Manager of Baldor.
He was in charge of safekeeping the Fujitsu Laptop after Liew left Baldor. In
November 2005, he accessed the Fujitsu Laptop using the administrator user
account, created a false ID and a test email address in order to find out who
was behind the email address, baldor.jkt. Further, before the Fujitsu Laptop
was sent to TechBiz for the recovery of deleted data, Seah used two types of
software to extract data from the Fujitsu Laptop in softcopy.

33 Seah’s evidence was that Liew had sold Baldor’s motors to PT Kenvin at
prices lower than those in the pricing guidelines set by Baldor. In relation
to the four sales enquiries which Liew sent to WEG, Seah was of the opinion
that Baldor had the capacity to quote for them.

DW1 Mr Sergio Luiz Silva Schwartz

34 Schwartz accepted that Baldor and WEG were competitors. However, his
evidence was that he did not intend to compete with Baldor. Liew first
contacted WEG via email in or around February 2005. Subsequently, Schwartz
instructed Wolf to contact Liew. While Schwartz was in Nantong City, China, he
met up with Liew on or around 16 May 2005 to have a face to face discussion
with Liew regarding Liew’s proposal to set up a branch office in Singapore.
They conducted further communication via email regarding the proposed
functions of a Singapore branch office as well as Liew’s forecasts on the
sales turnover and profit margins of the intended Singapore branch office.
From 1 to 4 August 2005, Liew met several of the directors and managers of WEG
at its headquarters in Brazil. Sometime in late August 2005, Wolf and Schwartz
met up with Liew in Singapore before the three of them proceeded to Indonesia
and Taiwan, where Liew was introduced to WEG’s partners in Indonesia and
Taiwan. On or about 6 September 2005, WEG sent the finalised employment
contract as well as the letter of appointment dated 1 October 2005 to Liew for
his signature.

35 Regarding WEG’s termination of Liew’s employment, Schwartz’s evidence (at
NE 2/11/2009 at pg 43) was that this action against Liew was one of several
reasons for his termination. WEG was also dissatisfied with the performance of
Liew as the Managing Director of WEG Singapore. WEG decided to send someone
from its headquarters in Brazil to head WEG Singapore as part of a
reorganisation and restructuring exercise in the second half of 2006, thus
making Liew redundant. As a result, Liew’s employment with WEG was terminated
and he became an agent for WEG Singapore in Malaysia, Vietnam, Laos and
Cambodia with effect from December 2006.

DW2 Mr Djalma Luis Wolf

36 Wolf is the Managing Director of WEG Singapore. He first communicated with
Liew on 22 April 2005 regarding Liew’s proposal to set up a Singapore branch
office. Subsequently, Wolf met Liew for the first time when Liew visited
Brazil from 1 to 4 August 2005\. He showed Liew around WEG’s factories and
assessed Liew’s knowledge of motors during the tour. Wolf’s evidence was that
towards the end of the Brazil trip, Liew offered to refer sales enquiries to
WEG. Wolf initially thought it was not proper for WEG to receive such sales
enquiries as Liew had not served his resignation on Baldor at that point in
time. However, he ultimately decided to accept the sales enquiries on the
faith of Liew’s assurance that they would be minor enquiries and that Baldor
would not be able to provide quotations for the sales enquiries.

37 When Wolf received the four sales enquiries from Liew, he did not know they
were bogus sales enquiries and referred them to his team of engineers who
prepared the quotations which he then forwarded to Liew via email. However, he
did not hear from Liew subsequently in relation to the four quotations and he
did not follow up on the enquiries. He maintained that WEG was not a recipient
of Baldor’s corporate opportunities since it was his belief that Baldor
manufactured mainly NEMA standard motors and on the basis of his belief, he
cited IEC standard motors only, a different standard for motors. Furthermore,
he was not aware in early 2005 that Baldor US had a presence in Asia.

38 Although he explained the lack of documents regarding the sales enquiries
between WEG and Liew on the ground that there was an automatic feature in the
software in WEG computers deleting emails every few months, he kept emails
between Liew and himself (such as the one dated 16 September 2005 in relation
to the lease of office space for WEG Singapore) which he thought were
important enough to keep.

DW3 Liew Chin Choy

39 Contrary to Tan’s evidence that he was part of the senior management of
Baldor, Liew stated that he did not consider himself senior management in that
he did not report to higher management in Baldor US.

40 Liew denied he had breached his duties by acquiring an interest in PT
Kenvin on the basis that he never had an interest in PT Kenvin. He explained
that he was invited to be a second signatory to PT Kenvin’s bank account
because he had lent Mdm Widya, his good friend since late 1994, a total of
USD20,000 (substantially in cash in 13 different loans) between 15 July 2002
to 16 January 2004. His evidence was that he received the First and Second
Secret Payments on or about 23 May 2003 and 25 May 2004 as repayments of the
loans he had made to Mdm Widya.

41 His evidence was that Mdm Widya approached him for a further loan of
S$14,400 which he extended to her on 14 October 2004 because PT Kenvin’s
business was not doing well and she was facing personal financial problems.
Further, he did not think it necessary to inform Baldor that he had
transferred money to PT Kenvin at the request of Mdm Widya. His explanation
for his inability to produce documentary evidence of his personal loans to
Widya was that the loans had been fully repaid and he had destroyed his own
records of them (see NE 5 Nov pg 117).

42 In relation to the Third Secret Payment, Liew’s evidence was that he was
merely doing a favour for his friend Indra Tjia by agreeing to carry USD9,000
in cash from Indra Tjia’s office to PT Kenvin’s office to pay PT Kenvin for
goods ordered from PT Kenvin. Liew also agreed to carry S$2,450 from CV Surya
in August 2005 from CV Surya’s office to PT Kenvin’s office, thereby
explaining his receipt of the said sum from CV Surya. His evidence was that he
forwarded the Third and Fourth Secret Payments to Mdm Widya before she
disappeared around July or August 2005\. However, he admitted that it was not
part of his responsibilities as Baldor’s Sales Manager to collect money from
Baldor’s distributors’ customers.

43 His explanation for selling motors to PT Kenvin at a larger discount than
what was set in the guidelines was that it was done with the approval of Tan
(see NE 6 Nov pg 95).

44 As for his participation in the management of PT Kenvin (where Baldor
produced documentary evidence that Liew was regularly provided with bank
balances and profit and loss and balance sheets of PT Kenvin (paragraph 79 of
the Plaintiff’s Writ of Summons), Liew said that he asked Mdm Widya to prepare
all the receipts and bills of PT Kenvin for his verification. Liew’s consent
was sought in respect of PT Kenvin’s mundane operational matters such as
mobile telephone line subscriptions, PT Kenvin’s listing in the yellow pages
and whether PT Kenvin could spend on entertainment for “employee recreation”.
Liew drafted an internal memo for PT Kenvin dated 1 December 2003 instructing
all invoices to be sent to him and to prepare sales for him to sign), his
explanation for his role in the management of PT Kenvin was that he was
helping Mdm Widya tighten the internal working procedure of PT Kenvin.

45 Liew’s evidence in relation to the four diverted sales enquiries from
Baldor to WEG was that three out of four of the said enquiries were from
Sittipong of Imechanics in Thailand, whom he had known since 1999. He received
those enquiries in May or June 2005 and Sittipong told him orally that the
motors had to be of IEC standard. Based on his experience as well as after
checking with Baldor US, he knew that Baldor could not provide the products
stated in the enquiries and informed Sittipong accordingly. In or around June
or July 2005 when Liew was in Bangkok, Thailand, he informed Sittipong that he
may be joining WEG. Sittipong wanted to find out WEG’s capabilities and
prices. Liew then sent the same four (then outdated) enquiries to WEG to
impress WEG on the one hand and to cultivate a business partner for WEG on the
other.

46 Liew’s evidence was that he settled PT Kenvin’s outstanding debt to Baldor
(amounting to USD29,000) out of goodwill since he was in charge of PT Kenvin’s
account while he was employed by Baldor.

DW4 Neo Bee Hong

47 Neo’s evidence was that the USD account was her account, not Liew’s, and
that it was her decision to open the USD account because she wanted to save
money as she was planning a trip to the USA and also for possible investment
in foreign exchange.

48 Neo’s position on the First and Second Secret Payments was that the money
was paid into her USD account as Liew did not have a USD bank account at the
material time and Liew had asked her permission to use her USD account after
telling her that the First and Second Secret Payments were repayment of loans
he had lent to Mdm Widya. Her evidence was that at the material time, she knew
that Liew was employed as a Sales Manager of Baldor but she was not aware of
the responsibilities or duties he owed to Baldor. She also did not know the
nature and repayment of the loans by Mdm Widya to Liew.

49 Her evidence was that she abandoned her plan of putting small monthly
amounts into the USD account because the amounts deposited into the USD
account as loan repayment was sufficient for her US trip. However, she did not
go on a trip to the USA subsequently as she required the money to pay for her
condominium (“the Serangoon View property”) which was completed ahead of time.

50 In relation to the Serangoon View property, which was Liew’s and Neo’s
home, Neo’s evidence in cross examination was that she had not sold the
property. However, when confronted with a title search showing that the
property had in fact been sold on 3 September 2009, Neo explained that she was
not comfortable telling the court about the sale of the property because she
and Liew were in debt and had to raise funds to return loans extended to them
by their family and friends as well as to pay for the costs of the present
legal proceedings.

DW5 Thiang Shiang Hiang

51 Thiang has been close friends with Liew since they met through a mutual
friend in 2001 when Turbomak Asia Pte Ltd became a shareholder of PT Sarana.
In 2004, he was approached by Mdm Widya, his colleague, for a loan. He then
transferred 60 million rupiah into PT Kenvin’s account on the basis that she
would sell him a substantial share in PT Kenvin. Throughout his negotiations
to buy into PT Kenvin, neither Mdm Widya nor Liew informed him that Liew had
80% share in PT Kenvin. Furthermore, his negotiations proceeded on the basis
that Mdm Widya would sell her share and her husband’s share in PT Kenvin to
him. The shares in PT Kenvin were not transferred to him because Mdm Widya did
not turn up for the signing of the documents for the transfer of shares before
a notary public in early July 2005 and disappeared thereafter.

Decision of the Court

Whether Liew breached his duty of fidelity and fiduciary duties owed to Baldor
as its Sales Manager

52 Baldor alleged that Liew was a fiduciary by virtue of his position as the
Sales Manager of Baldor. It should be noted that not all contractual duties
owed by employees to their employers are fiduciary duties. In _Nottingham
University v Fishel and another_ [2000] ICR 1462 (which was followed in
_Nagase Singapore Pte Ltd v Ching Kai Huat and Ors_ [2007] 3 SLR 265 at [26]),
Elias J held that it was important to recognise that the mere fact that Dr
Fishel was an employee did not mean that he owed a range of fiduciary duties
to the employer. He said:

[T]he essence of the employment relationship is not typically fiduciary at
all. Its purpose is not to place the employee in a position where he is
obliged to pursue his employer's interests at the expense of his own. The
relationship is a contractual one and the powers imposed on the employee are
conferred by the employer himself. The employee's freedom of action is
regulated by the contract, the scope of his powers is determined by the terms
(express or implied) of the contract, and as a consequence the employer can
exercise (or at least he can place himself in a position where he has the
opportunity to exercise) considerable control over the employee's decision-
making powers.

53 The relationship between an employee’s fiduciary relationship and duty of
good faith and fidelity was succinctly expressed by Mason J in the High Court
of Australia in _Hospital Products Ltd v United States Surgical Corporation_
[1984] 156 CLR as follows:

That contractual and fiduciary relationships may coexist between the same
parties has never been doubted. Indeed, the existence of a basic contractual
relationship has in many situations provided a foundation for the erection of
a fiduciary relationship. In these situations it is the contractual foundation
which is all-important because it is the contract that regulates the basic
rights and liabilities of the parties. The fiduciary relationship, if it is to
exist at all, must accommodate itself to the terms of the contract so that it
is consistent with, and conforms to, them. The fiduciary relationship cannot
be superimposed upon the contract in such a way as to alter the operation
which the contract was intended to have according to its true construction.

54 Baldor sought to rely on _Canadian Aero Service Ltd v O’Malley_ (1973) 40
DLR (3d) 371 at pg 381 to argue that Liew was similarly in a fiduciary
relationship with Baldor. There, Laskin J held that O’Malley and Zarzycki, the
defendants in that case, as President and Executive Vice-President of the
plaintiff company, were not mere servants. However, in contrast to _Canadian
Aero Service Ltd v O’Malley_ , Liew was only a Sales Manager at Baldor.

55 A more factually similar case to the present facts is _Mitchell v Paxton
Forest Products Inc_ [2002] BCCA 532 (referred to in _Nagase Singapore Pte Ltd
v Ching Kai Huat_ [2007] 3 SLR 265 at [31]), where the plaintiff was employed
by the defendant as a mill manager and was later promoted to a sales manager.
The plaintiff’s responsibilities included developing and maintaining the
defendant’s customer base, marketing its products, setting prices, negotiating
terms of sale and dealing with defendant’s suppliers. The plaintiff reported
to the general board and was not responsible for hiring and firing of
employees. While not deciding whether a fiduciary duty applied to the
plaintiff, Newbury JA said (at [6]):

I would tend, if pressed, to say Mr. Mitchell was not “senior management”,
since he was not entrusted with powers and influence which could materially
affect the company’s interests. He had managerial responsibilities with regard
to sales, but could not approve a purchase over $1,000, had only one clerk
reporting to him and could not hire or fire employees. To this extent, his
responsibility and authority were unlike those of the defendant in _Anderson,
Smyth & Kelly Customs Brokers Ltd. v. World Wide Customs Brokers Ltd_., [1996]
7 W.W.R. 736 (Alta. C.A.), who was the manager of the plaintiff’s Edmonton
office and a director; or the defendants in _Canadian Aero Service Ltd v
O’Malley_ (1973), [1974] S.C.R. 592 (S.C.C.), who were directors and officers
of the plaintiff company.

56 On the present facts, Liew did not attend Baldor’s Board of Directors’
meetings, had no say in the financial decisions of Baldor, did not have the
authority to take decisions regarding the operations of Baldor (see NE 27 Oct
pg 34 and 36) and he reported directly to Tan, not Baldor US. Further, there
was no evidence that he had the power to hire or fire Baldor employees. He
also did not have the authority to appoint distributors of Baldor. As a
result, I am of the view that Liew was not a fiduciary in the circumstances of
this case. However, there is still the duty of fidelity and good faith to
consider.

57 In relation to the duty of fidelity and good faith, as the Court of Appeal
in _Man Financial (S) Pte Ltd (formerly known as E D & F Man International (S)
Pte Ltd) v Wong Bark Chuan David_ [2008] 1 SLR 663 at [193] noted, it is trite
law that there is an implied term in the employer’s favour that the employee
will serve the employer with good faith and fidelity. In _Asiawerks Global
Investment Group Pte Ltd v Ismail bin Syed Ahmad_ [2004] 1 SLR 234 at [61], I
held that “[t]here can be no denying that all employees are expected to serve
their employers diligently, honestly and loyally. What this duty translates
into factually depends on the circumstances such as the nature of the work”.

58 In _Pacific Autocom Enterprise Pte Ltd v Chia Wah Siang_ [2004] 3 SLR 73,
the plaintiff signed an agreement with a Swiss company, Blaser Swisslube AG
(“Blaser”), to become the distributor of its products in Singapore and
Malaysia. The distribution agreement contained a non-competition clause which
prevented the plaintiff from selling competing products. The defendant was a
manager of a division in the plaintiff company responsible for sales and
marketing as well as provision of product support functions. Prakash J at [70]
opined that the defendant was in breach of his duty of good faith and fidelity
to the plaintiff as he played an active part in the breakdown of the
relationship between the plaintiff and Blaser. She also held that the
defendant was aware of Blaser’s dissatisfaction with the plaintiff over its
relationship with another company and that his duty then (even if he had not
instigated such dissatisfaction) was to draw the issue to the plaintiff’s
attention so that it could try and rectify the situation.

59 This brings me to the question of whether Liew breached his duty of good
faith and fidelity to Baldor. Baldor alleged Liew breached his duty by:

(i)

acquiring an interest in PT Kenvin;

(ii)

purporting to appoint PT Kenvin as Baldor’s distributor in Indonesia without
approval;

(iii)

his conduct of Baldor’s relationship with PT Kenvin; and

(iv)

his receipt of Secret Payments from PT Kenvin or other entities in Indonesia.

60 In relation to Baldor’s allegation that Liew had acquired an interest in PT
Kenvin, the evidence regarding Liew’s management of PT Kenvin suggests
overwhelmingly that Liew had an interest in PT Kenvin. He had financial
control over PT Kenvin as the second signatory of PT Kenvin’s bank account. He
set PT Kenvin’s internal policies and decided the salaries of the employees.
His consent was sought in respect of PT Kenvin’s operational matters. Further,
there is documentary evidence to suggest that Liew provided 80% of the paid up
capital of PT Kenvin (1 ACB 94).

61 In relation to Baldor’s allegation that Liew appointed PT Kenvin in breach
of his duty of good faith and fidelity to Baldor, I accept Tan’s evidence (at
pg 9 27 October 2009) that it was the practice of Baldor for the Sales Manager
of the territory to recommend to the management the appointment of authorised
distributors and that the management would then visit the recommended company
to determine whether it should be appointed as such distributor. If Tan takes
the decision to appoint a distributor, a distribution agreement would be
signed between Baldor and the distributor and subsequently, when requested by
the distributor, a letter of appointment would be provided for it to show to
its customers (see pg 7 of NE 27 Oct 09). PT Kenvin was not appointed by Tan
as distributor for Baldor. I accept Tan’s explanation that Baldor’s website
and CD-Rom reflected PT Kenvin as an authorised distributor because Liew
provided him with the list of authorised distributors and Tan relied on Liew
to verify that the information provided was accurate. Further, Tan was not
aware of PT Kenvin’s alleged appointment as authorised distributor given that
he did not sign or go through the tax invoices from Baldor to PT Kenvin. In
the result, I find that Liew breached his duty of good faith and fidelity to
Baldor by acting outside his authority in issuing the two letters dated 1 May
2003 and 4 May 2004 certifying that PT Kenvin was Baldor’s authorised
distributor/agent in Indonesia.

62 Given my conclusion that PT Kenvin was not properly appointed as an
authorised distributor for Baldor, Liew’s conduct of Baldor’s relationship
with PT by instructing Indra Tjia to deal with PT Kenvin to obtain Baldor
Motors was a further breach of his duty of fidelity to Baldor.

63 Even if PT Kenvin had been properly appointed, Liew’s failure to inform
Baldor that PT Kenvin’s business was not doing well as it allegedly had
problems with its internal controls and required financial assistance, was
also a breach of his duty of fidelity to Baldor. Moreover, he sold motors to
PT Kenvin at a larger discount than the pricing guidelines set by Baldor
without Tan’s approval (see pg 96 NE on 6 November 2009). Therefore, Liew has
placed the interest of PT Kenvin over that of Baldor, his employer.

64 In relation to the Secret Payments received by Liew from PT Kenvin, I wish
to stress at the outset that my decision is in no way based on Mdm Widya’s
allegations in any of her affidavits filed in court as I have already ordered
that they would not be received into evidence (see [14] above).

65 I disbelieve Liew’s evidence that the amounts paid to PT Kenvin were in
fact personal loans made by him to Mdm Widya. Liew did not produce any
documentary evidence of or acknowledgment of any such loans. His claim that he
could remember the various amounts lent (some 12 occasions) and the
approximate months of the loans over a period of time when he did not record
them defied belief. There was also no stipulation as to when the loans would
have to be repaid. Furthermore, Liew was not in a financial position to make
substantial loans to others. Between 15 July 2002 and 16 January 2004, when
Liew allegedly transferred sums totalling USD20,000 to Mdm Widya, he was the
sole breadwinner of his family of five and was receiving a salary of S$4,000
or so a month with no other apparent source of income. Liew had to take a loan
of S$40,000 from Baldor in March 2004 to be repaid over two years in order to
pay for the purchase of his condominium when the completion came early. Yet in
October 2004, Liew transferred a further S$14,400 to Mdm Widya, which he
explained was money borrowed from a friend.

66 In addition, Liew’s evidence on the purpose of the alleged loans was
inconsistent, thereby suggesting that the transfer of money was not in fact
loans to Mdm Widya. On the one hand, in his AEIC (at paragraph 23(viii) and
(xii)), Liew stated that he extended loans to Mdm Widya to help her in her
business and, as an assurance to him that his loans to her were in fact used
for her business and as a guarantee for the repayment of the loans, she
invited him to be a second signatory of PT Kenvin’s bank account. On the other
hand, under cross examination, he stated that the loans were personal and Mdm
Widya was at liberty to use the money as she wished.

67 Furthermore, Liew failed to provide a satisfactory explanation as to why on
one occasion on 27 December 2002, Liew sent S$4,200 to PT Kenvin instead of
Mdm Widya’s personal account (see CB pg 102) and even stated that the basis
for the transfer of money was for “Purchase of Goods”.

68 It is clear that Liew was deeply involved in the management of PT Kenvin as
opposed to merely helping a good friend to tighten up the internal procedure
in her company. This also explains why Liew did not inform Baldor of his
payments to PT Kenvin or that PT Kenvin was looking for loans, even though
Baldor was in a better financial position to lend money and provide assistance
to PT Kenvin, its purported authorised distributor. It also explains why Liew
received the Third and Fourth Secret Payments on behalf of PT Kenvin when
Liew’s own admission was that he was not in the habit of collecting payments
from Baldor’s distributors’ customers on behalf of the distributors and it was
not within his responsibility as the Sales Manager of Baldor to do so.
Further, given that the offices of PT Sarana, CV Surya and PT Kenvin were
within a 10 km radius of each other, there was no reason for Liew to perform a
shuttle service to collect cash payments on behalf of PT Kenvin. Liew further
defended himself by saying that he handed the payments over to Mdm Widya.
However, this was not supported by the evidence. Instead, I accept Baldor’s
explanation that because Mdm Widya disappeared in July 2005, Liew had to
collect cash payments as he did not want the money to be paid into PT Kenvin’s
bank account. Without Mdm Widya as a joint signatory, Liew could not withdraw
the money if it was paid into the bank account.

69 In the result, Liew breached his duty of fidelity and good faith to Baldor
by preferring his own interest over that of Baldor. He sold motors to PT
Kenvin at prices below the pricing guidelines. He gave the appearance that PT
Kenvin had been properly appointed as an authorised distributor when this was
not the case. He diverted Indra Tjia, a customer of Baldor, to PT Kenvin. He
collected money due to PT Kenvin without repaying the money due from PT Kenvin
to Baldor. The four Secret Payments had to be the fruits of Liew’s breaches of
duty to Baldor.

70 Liew’s diversion of sales enquiries to WEG is also a breach of his duty of
good faith and fidelity to Baldor. Liew accepted that he transferred four
sales enquiries which he had received in his capacity as Sales Manager for
Baldor between 8 and 30 August 2005 to WEG in order to impress WEG, his future
employer. I accept Tan’s evidence that it was not common practice for Baldor
to send out enquiries to business competitors and other companies supplying
similar products in the industry to check their prices and obtain information
in order to form a decision on the quotations to be given to sales enquires.
In fact, Liew claimed to knew of only one other staff in Baldor who adopted
such a practice. WEG’s position was also that its salespersons were not
allowed to refer sales enquiries to any other company.

71 In his defence, Liew gave evidence that the inquiries were genuine when
they were first received by Baldor, but using his knowledge and experience of
Baldor motors (see pg 26 NE on 5 November 2009) as well as after checking with
Baldor US (see pg 30 NE on 5 November 2009) on one occasion, he formed the
view that Baldor could not fulfil the enquiries and replied to the sales
enquiries accordingly. Several months later, when he knew that Sittipong did
not require the motors any longer, Liew sent the inquiries to WEG.

72 Liew’s evidence is flawed in numerous respects. First, he failed to call
Sittipong to confirm that the enquiries were in fact “bogus” at the time he
sent them to WEG. Second, there is no evidence that he had in fact asked
Baldor US whether it could fulfil the sales enquiries and the forensic
recovery of deleted documents on the Fujitsu Laptop did not produce this
alleged communication. Third, there is no evidence that Liew replied to the
enquiries after Baldor received them to state that Baldor could not fulfil the
enquiries. Fourth, Liew accepted that Baldor could satisfy the requirements in
the sales enquiries to produce IEC motors if Baldor worked with another
manufacturer and Baldor would be willing to do so as long as it was cost
effective.

73 On the other hand, Tan admitted that based on Baldor’s catalogue, a person
would not be able to tell that Baldor could produce the motors required in the
four enquiries. Even though motors could be custom-made, there was no evidence
that it would have been cost effective for Baldor to do so in relation to the
four sales enquiries.

74 On balance, I am of the view that the diversion of the enquiries from
Baldor to WEG was a breach of Liew’s duty of fidelity and good faith to
Baldor. Nevertheless, the lack of evidence of any response from the customer
or of any further communication between Liew and WEG regarding the enquiries
(to prove that damage resulted from the diversion of the inquiries) is also
evident. The claim fails on this score.

75 In relation to Baldor’s claim for the course fees for the two Baldor
courses Liew attended in the US several months before he left the employment
of Baldor, I am of the view that Liew is under no obligation to repay the
course fees as he did not breach any duty to Baldor in attending those
courses. An employee is under no legal duty to inform his employer that he may
or will be leaving the company soon after any upgrading course or even after
some incentive (such as a paid holiday trip) is given to its employees. This
is so even if the employee is the one who asked to be sent for the course. If
the employer is so concerned about this, then it ought to have imposed a bond
of some sort on its employees who are sent for courses or for some incentive
programme. Alternatively, the employer could make its employees undertake to
repay the costs of the course/incentive programme if they should leave its
employ within a certain period of time after the course/incentive programme.

76 On the issue of whether Baldor is estopped from bringing claims in respect
of Secret Payments against Liew, I hold that Baldor is not so estopped. The
acknowledgement that Baldor had no further claims against Liew was premised on
Liew not having received any other secret payments apart from the first three
Secret Payments and it has been shown that Liew did receive a further payment
of S$2,450 from another of PT Kenvin’s customers, CV Surya.

Whether the Baldor Information was in fact confidential and if so, whether
there is evidence that it was or will be divulged to WEG

77 In _Asia Business Forum Pte Ltd v Long Ai Sin and Anor_ [2003] 4 SLR 658 at
[9], Kan J held that after an employee had left the employment of his
employer, he could not use materials which were, in all the circumstances, of
such a highly confidential nature as to require the same protection as a trade
secret. In determining whether information was classified as a trade secret,
some of the relevant factors were: whether the circulation of the information
was restricted; whether the employee was instructed that the information was
confidential; and whether the information was easily isolated from other non-
trade secrets. However Kan J noted at [10] that these factors were not
conclusive as the over-zealous characterisation and protection of information
did not transform information of otherwise unexceptional confidentiality into
trade secrets. In that case, the training manual was not regarded as a trade
secret.

78 Turning to the present facts, Tan claimed that the Baldor Information was
confidential but admitted under cross examination that he had never attended
the course and did not know its contents (see NE 27 Oct pg 84, line 27-32).
Furthermore, Tan agreed (at NE 28 Nov pg 79) that none of the documents he
alleged contained confidential information did in fact have any. Viewed
objectively, the information in question was nothing exceptional. Of course,
training materials pertaining to a particular product or group of products
would be peculiar to and geared towards such products but that does not
automatically confer on them the attribute of confidentiality. Even if the
Baldor Information was confidential, Tan’s evidence (at NE 28 Nov pg 4) was
that Liew had returned the Baldor Information to Baldor before he left the
company. In the result, Baldor has failed to establish that the Baldor
Information was in fact divulged to WEG or that there would be a risk that
such information, assuming it was confidential, would be divulged. Therefore,
Baldor’s claim on this point fails. If Liew became more knowledgeable as a
result of any courses he attended or any training he received as an employee,
that is part of his person and no employer can hope to extricate or expunge
such knowledge when the employee leaves for a competitor. It is a fact of life
that some employees leave to join competitors or become competitors after they
have gained experience and knowledge in the industry.

Whether Neo is liable as constructive trustee of the receipt of the secret
payments from PT Kenvin

79 I disbelieve Neo’s evidence that she opened the USD account for her own
benefit six days before the receipt of the First Secret Payment from PT
Kenvin. Her supposed purposes for opening the USD account (saving for a trip
to USA and/or investment) were never carried out and nothing was deposited by
her into the USD account. The only monies which were deposited into the
account were those received from PT Kenvin. It was really much too
coincidental that her husband would have USD to deposit a few days after the
opening of the account.

80 To support her assertion that the USD account was hers and not her
husband’s, she claimed that she checked the bank statements for the USD
account, knew the closing balance and when she issued the cheque on 5 December
2005 to Baldor, there were sufficient funds in her account. However, the
documentary evidence showed that when Neo issued a cheque to Baldor on 5
December 2005, there were insufficient funds in her USD account.

81 Further, Neo was less than forthcoming with regard to the sale of the
Serangoon View property that she and Liew were living in at the time of the
trial. It was not a case of her seeking permission not to answer questions
about her home. Instead, she gave a direct (false) answer almost immediately
after the question was asked.

82 In order to establish that Neo was liable for knowing receipt of the First
and the Second Secret Payments, Baldor has to show whether an honest person in
her position knew or ought to have known that the amounts received were
obtained in breach of duties of fidelity and good faith. Such knowledge is
inferred from the evidence adduced (see generally _Royal Brunei Airlines Sdn
Bhd v Philip Tan Kok Ming_ [1995] 3 WLR 64 and _Caltong (Australia) Pty Ltd v
Tong Tien See Construction Pte Ltd (in liquidation) and another appeal_ [2002]
3 SLR 241).

83 As mentioned earlier, Liew did not appear to be a wealthy man when he
allegedly made various loans totalling USD20,000 to Mdm Widya and Neo was not
working at the material time (see [65] above). Liew had to take a loan from
his employer in March 2004. As explained above, Liew was clearly in breach of
his duties to Baldor and was receiving secret profits as a result of such
breach. The difficult question is, did Neo, his wife, have actual or
constructive knowledge of this?

84 Liew described his wife as a simple person. Nevertheless, the evidence
shows that Neo had working experience and had also dabbled in a bakery
business before. However, there was no evidence that she took an active
interest in Liew’s work. She did not even visit him while he was stationed in
Indonesia. I am disturbed by the fact that she was not telling the truth about
the opening of the USD account and whether the Serangoon View property had
been sold. She was obviously not candid also about having been told by her
husband about the alleged loans made to Mdm Widya. Surely she would have been
concerned enough to ask Liew why he was constantly lending money (which was a
large sum relative to their own income and savings) without any apparent
benefit accruing to him especially since they had purchased an apartment. On
the totality of the evidence however, I am inclined to hold that Neo was
merely playing the role of a loyal (albeit misguided) wife to Liew, telling
untruths taught or suggested to her by her husband to save their family from
sinking in financial straits. On a balance, it was equally likely that she
really did not question further when told to open the USD account in order for
Liew to park the USD that he was going to receive from Indonesia. It was quite
clear that she left the management of that account entirely to Liew. In other
words, the lies that she told were somehow concocted by Liew, with or without
her assistance, **after** the trouble with Baldor surfaced and she became
aware of the true state of her husband’s financial dealings. It is plain that
her fortunes are tied to Liew’s. For that reason, she was prepared to lie for
her husband. I am not prepared to infer from these untruths that Neo must
necessarily possess the knowledge at the material time that Liew was receiving
secret payments as a result of his breach of duty to Baldor.

85 As a consequence, Baldor’s claim against Neo fails. I will, however,
reflect the views expressed above concerning her untruthful evidence in my
orders as to costs.

Whether the alleged conspiracy between Liew and WEG to damage the interest of
Baldor has been made out

86 In _Wu Yang Construction Group Ltd v Zhejian Jinyi Group Co., Ltd and Ors_
[2006] SGHC 152 at [93] to [95], Phang J held that an allegation of fraud
and/or conspiracy was an extremely serious one and entailed a high requirement
with respect to proof. While still based on the civil standard of balance of
probabilities, the amount of proof required is higher than that which would be
required in a normal civil action. Mere assertion is insufficient.

87 On the present facts, Baldor has not clearly indicated which particular
category of the tort of conspiracy it is relying on. As it has also alleged
that Liew and WEG conspired to defraud them, it seems that Baldor is alleging
conspiracy by unlawful means.

88 On the evidence, Baldor has failed to prove its case on this ground.
Although there were communication and meetings between Liew and WEG during
Liew’s employment with Baldor, Baldor could not show that these were unlawful.
It has failed to adduce any evidence from which could be inferred the
existence of a conspiracy between Liew and WEG to damage the interest of
Baldor. It is true that Liew was communicating with WEG with his vision to set
up WEG Singapore, which would be a potential competitor to Baldor. However, he
was doing so essentially on his own time. I do not think that the law forbids
an employee from planning for his future employment and communicating with his
prospective employer while still working for his current employer. As a
prospective employer, WEG was entitled to interview Liew and to hear and
assess his plans to see if Liew would be of value to WEG should he come into
its employ. Naturally, Liew was not entitled to do anything that would
undermine Baldor’s plans and products while still in its employ. On the
evidence, he had done nothing of this sort in his interaction with WEG, save
for what I have said already about the diversion of the four sales enquiries
which were not solicited by WEG. In my opinion, he had not gone to the extent
the defendant did in _ABB Holdings Pte Ltd and Others v Sher Hock Guan
Charles_ [2009] SGHC 157.

Whether WEG induced Liew to breach his duties to Baldor and was constructive
trustee for corporate opportunities diverted from Baldor to WEG

89 Baldor has not adduced any evidence to prove that WEG induced Liew to
breach his duties to Baldor. On the contrary, it was Liew who made the first
move to contact WEG as well as in taking the initiative to forward the four
sales enquiries to WEG, in order to impress his future employer. Liew’s
assurance that Baldor was not able to quote for the said enquiries caused WEG
to accept the enquiries despite its earlier misgivings. Moreover, even after
WEG sent its sales quotations to Liew, there was no evidence of any follow-up
action on the four sales enquiries. Baldor therefore fails on this point as
well.

Counterclaim

90 It follows from my decision above (that Liew breached his duty of fidelity
and good faith to Baldor) that Liew’s counterclaim against Baldor must fail.
In any event, WEG’s position is that Liew was made redundant as a result of
corporate re-organization and not because of the present action.

Conclusion

91 In summary, Baldor’s claim against Liew succeeds to the extent that he
breached his duty of fidelity and good faith owed to Baldor as its Sales
Manager. There will therefore be judgment for Baldor as prayed for in
paragraphs (1) to (9) at pages 25 to 27 of its Statement of Claim (Amendment
No. 2)(subject to my findings set out earlier). The claims against Neo and WEG
are dismissed. Liew’s counterclaim against Baldor is also dismissed.

Costs

92 On the issue of costs, I award Baldor 85% of the costs of its claim against
Liew, taking into account the issues which Baldor did not succeed on. Baldor
should be entitled to the costs of the counterclaim as well but as that merely
mirrors Liew’s defence, no further order is made as to the costs of the
counterclaim.

93 I order no costs in favour of Neo despite Baldor’s unsuccessful claim
against her (see [85] above). Baldor and Neo will therefore bear their own
costs insofar as the proceedings concern Neo.

94 Baldor is to pay WEG’s costs of its defence. However, as much of the
trouble arose because of Liew’s conduct and assurance to WEG, Baldor is
entitled to claim from Liew 50% of the costs that it pays to WEG (that is to
say, Baldor pays WEG 100% first and then claims 50% from Liew). Liew is
entitled to participate in any assessment of costs between Baldor and WEG as
he will be bearing 50% thereof.

95 All costs ordered are to be taxed or agreed among the parties.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 28 Jan 2010 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

