Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Lim Kopi Pte Ltd _v_ Public Prosecutor  
[2010] SGHC 4

Case Number| :| Magistrate's Appeal No. 133/2009/01  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 06 January 2010  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Chao Hick Tin JA  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Bala Chandran (Mallal & Namazie) for the appellant;
Gillian Koh Tan (Attorney General's Chambers) for the respondent  
Parties| :|  Lim Kopi Pte Ltd — Public Prosecutor  
  
6 January 2010|  
---|---  
  
Chao Hick Tin JA:

Introduction

1 This was an appeal against the sentence imposed by the District Court in
Ministry of Manpower (MOM) Summons No. 1804 - 1807/2009 and 1810 - 11/2009.
The appellant, an incorporated company, had pleaded guilty to six charges for
making false declarations to the Ministry of Manpower (MOM) in connection with
its application for work passes for foreign workers under s 22(1)(d) of the
Employment of Foreign Manpower Act (Cap 91A, 1997 Rev Ed)(“the Act”). The
appellant was sentenced to a fine of $10,000 for each of these offences
(collectively referred hereafter as “the offences”), making a total fine of
$60,000. Seven other similar charges under s 22(1)(d) of the Act were also
taken into consideration for the purposes of sentencing. The court ordered the
appellant to pay $20,000 of the fine forthwith, with the balance of $40,000 in
instalments of $10,000 per month beginning 1 June 2009 and thereafter on or
before the 1st of each subsequent month.

2 The appellant was untraced and had a clean record. The appellant was run by
its sole shareholder and director, one Lim Chek Chee (“Lim”) and Lim had
earlier also been charged for the same offences as the appellant under s
22(1)(d) of the Act. Lim was sentenced to two months imprisonment per charge,
with three of the six charges running concurrently for a total imprisonment
term of six months. The written grounds of the District Judge in relation to
the present appeal could be found in _Public Prosecutor v Lim Kopi Holdings
Pte Ltd_ [2009] SGDC 209 (“the GD”).

3 Section 22(1)(d) of the Act provides as follows:

**Offences**

**22**. —(1) Any person who —

(d) makes any statement or furnishes any information to the Controller or an
employment inspector under this Act which he knows or ought reasonably to know
is false in any material particular or is misleading by reason of the omission
of any material particular;…

shall be guilty of an offence and shall be liable —

(ii) in the case of an offence under paragraph (_d_), (_e_) or (_f_), on
conviction to a fine not exceeding $15,000 or to imprisonment for a term not
exceeding 12 months or to both;…

4 After hearing the submissions of the appellant’s counsel and the respondent,
I reduced the fine imposed for each of the offences from $10,000 to $3,000,
making a total fine of $18,000. I also ordered that the excess amount of fine
already paid pursuant to the sentence of the District Court be refunded to the
appellant. I now give the reasons for my decision.

The facts of the case

5 The appellant, Lim Kopi Holdings Pte Ltd, was in the business of operating
coffee shops in Ang Mo Kio. Because the appellant and Lim were both
inexperienced in running coffee shops, they hired one Patrick Boo (“Patrick”),
whose company – Starworld Agency – advised the appellant and Lim in their
coffee shop business. For the period between March 2008 to August 2008, the
Central Provident Fund (CPF) Board records showed that the appellant was
making CPF contributions in respect of some thirty local workers. I should
explain here that the MOM determines the number of foreign workers a company
is entitled to hire based on the size of the company’s local workforce.
Despite what were on the CPF records, more than half of the contributions made
were fictitious. These bogus hires were in fact family members and relatives
of Lim, who had agreed to let the appellant use their names as part of the
scheme to inflate the number of local workers hired by the appellant so that
the latter would be permitted to hire more foreign workers. In the two weeks
from 24 June 2008 to 1 July 2008, the appellant made several applications for
work passes to hire six foreign workers as kitchen assistants in its coffee
shop. In so doing, it made the following declarations in its application forms
to MOM (see GD at [3]):

(i) It was aware that the company’s CPF accounts would be used by the
Controller of Work Pass, MOM, to determine the strength of the defendant
company’s local workforce, and consequently its foreign worker entitlement;
and

(ii) It certified that its CPF accounts only included contributions made to
persons who are actively employed by it.

6 The reason why an applicant was required to make such declarations was
explained by Ms Kwa Chin Bee, prosecutor from the MOM who informed the
District Court that “CPF accounts are crucial in the MOM’s process of
determining foreign worker entitlements… [and because] it is difficult to
examine each and every employment relationships, the Ministry places heavy
reliance on the accuracy of the CPF records in its work permit approval
process” [note: 1]. It is therefore an offence under s 22(1)(d) of the Act to
furnish false or misleading information in relation to such an application. It
was undisputed that MOM would _not_ have approved the appellant’s application
for work passes for the foreign workers had it known that those bogus local
workers in respect of whom CPF contributions were made were in fact never
employed by the appellant.

The Decision Below

7 The District Judge, in his GD, emphasised the need to deter offences
committed against public institutions and, by committing the six offences, the
appellant had “frustrated the Government’s efforts to effectively regulate and
monitor the recruitment of foreign labour in Singapore” (GD at [11]). In his
view, the approval process was an important “mechanism put in place by MOM in
order to regulate the influx of foreign workers whilst protecting equal
opportunities for local workers to secure employment”, and because the
appellant had intentionally deceived MOM, a substantial fine of $10,000 per
charge was warranted (see GD at [11] and [12]). I should add that the District
Judge had merely summarised the mitigating factors tendered by the counsel for
the appellant, without discussing them, or indicating whether he accepted them
(see GD at [6]).

The Appeal

The parties’ respective cases

Appellant’s Case

8 Counsel for the appellant argued that the District Judge had failed to
consider the mitigating factors in this case, resulting in the court imposing
a deterrent sentence which was manifestly excessive and not commensurate with
the moral culpability of the appellant. The salient mitigating factors relied
on by the appellant could be summarised in the following manner. First,
because the appellant and Lim were in essence the “same entity”, the court
should not in such a circumstance impose deterrent sentence twice over.[note:
2] Second, the appellant also argued that the actions of the appellant were
not motivated by profit and a reduction of sentence was warranted as there
were no victims in the present case and no financial loss was caused[note: 3].
Third, the hiring of fictitious local workers was essentially the idea of
Patrick and not the appellant or Lim. The appellant had therefore committed
the offence out of misguided trust in Patrick.[note: 4]

Respondent’s Case

9 The respondent’s case was, in broad strokes, identical to the one presented
by Ms Kwa Chin Bee before the District Judge below (see [6] above). The
respondent urged this court to take a stiff stand towards the appellant as the
principle of deterrence was a “dominant consideration” in sentencing when
deception of a public body was involved[note: 5]. In reply to the appellant’s
case, the respondent made the following arguments. First, even if the
appellant and Lim were “the same entity”, s 20 of the Act provides for the
equal punishment of companies and persons alike for offences under the Act and
the appellant was therefore not being punished _twice_ by the fines imposed on
it.[note: 6] Second, it was said that contrary to the appellant’s argument
that it did not profit from the offences, the scheme to make false CPF
contributions to fictitious local workers stemmed from “Lim’s concern that the
coffee shop be a viable business”.[note: 7]Accordingly, “it was wholly
inaccurate to argue that the appellant had not intended to profit from the
offences”. Rather, the profit “was the continuing financial viability of the
coffee shop business venture”[note: 8] and the “gain” was the appellant’s
hiring of the six foreign workers.[note: 9] It was also irrelevant that there
were no victims or financial loss caused. This was because the very _raison
d’être_ of s 22(1)(d) of the Act was to “regulate and monitor the recruitment
of foreign labour in Singapore” [note: 10] and the presence of victims or
financial losses were not therefore preconditions to an infringement of s
22(1)(d). Third, the respondent rejected as without merits the appellant’s
argument that it had committed the offences under influence by Patrick because
“it would have been clear to Lim that such a course of action was illegal or
_at [the] least, improper_ ”[note: 11] (emphasis added).

My decision

10 This case throws up an interesting issue of how corporate offenders should
be sentenced when the person managing the company has also been dealt with for
the same, or substantially the same, infringements. Before we go further, I
should add that at no time should it be doubted that an offence under s
22(1)(d) of the Act is a serious one, which ought to be dealt with swiftly and
sternly by the courts. Deterrence is therefore without dispute an important
consideration for such offences; otherwise the very object of such a law would
be flagrantly undermined. This much was clear from the second reading of the
Employment of Foreign Workers (Amendment) Bill (see _Singapore Parliamentary
Debates, Official Report_ (22 May 2007) vol 83 at col 928 _per_ the then
Minister for Manpower, Dr Ng Eng Hen (“Dr Ng”)). Notably, Dr Ng emphasised
that offences of deception warrant _stiffer_ penalties to “maintain the
equilibrium” between the economic advantages of having access to foreign
manpower and other social objectives such as enabling locals to compete for
jobs with foreign workers (_id_ , at col 928):

The ability of our companies to access foreign manpower is a comparative
advantage. But our foreign worker policy cannot be based on a _laissez-faire_
approach, which will be detrimental to our overall progress…We constantly
monitor the labour situation and make fine adjustments to maintain the
equilibrium between our economic competitiveness and other social objectives,
to enable locals to compete for jobs….**_For Singapore, as a small island, we
need to be vigilant and manage our foreign worker population well, to ensure
that it continues to contribute positively to our economy. We need a robust
system with effective laws, enforcement and safeguards against the illegal
entry and employment of foreign workers_** …I will now highlight the
significant provisions of the bill…

…[O]ffences of deception. We have made work pass applications user-friendly by
allowing submissions through fax, mail or electronically. Work pass criteria
are also made known to companies so that they have greater certainty to plan
for their manpower needs. **_Some, knowing these rules, which are now made
explicit, may choose to work around the system through fraud_** …**
_Accordingly, clause 22 increases the penalties for such offences, which
include the provision of false information_** , the illegal trade and
alteration of work passes and the possession of forged work passes, **_to be
similar to those for illegal employment, which are a maximum fine of $15,000
or 12 months imprisonment or both_**.

(Emphasis added)

11 Any deception of public institutions which frustrates the aims of the Act
cannot be condoned and the District Judge was certainly justified to state
that for such an offence a deterrent sentence is warranted, and expected by
society (see GD at [11] where the District Judge relied on the cases of _Dong
Guitian v Public Prosecutor_ [2004] SGHC 92 and _Lim Mong Hong v Public
Prosecutor_ [2003] 3 SLR 88). However, it is also a trite principle, as well
as an important precept of sentencing law, that “deterrence must always be
_tempered by proportionality in relation to the severity of the offence
committed as well as by the moral and legal culpability of the offender_ ”
(_Tan Kay Beng v Public Prosecutor_ [2006] 4 SLR 10 at [31]; emphasis added).
How then could this best be achieved, where a corporate offender was a small
family business and the person behind it was also being dealt with by the law?
Before proceeding further, I should state that deterrence is without doubt a
concept applicable to companies, in the same way as it is applicable to
individual offenders. This is because companies are often engaged in the
taking of calculated risk, and the only means by which companies can therefore
be deterred from engaging in wrongful conduct (companies being legal entities
may not be sentenced to imprisonment), would be to ensure that the right forms
of financial disincentives are applied. Thus, the following was observed by
the New South Wales Law Reform Commission in _Sentencing Corporate Offenders_
(Issues Paper No. 20, November 2001) (“ _New South Wales Law Reform Commission
Report”)_ at para 3.2:

Deterrence is generally cited as the primary aim of and justification for
sentencing corporate offenders. This is because, in theory at least,
corporations can be deterred from committing wrongful conduct…** _They tend…to
engage in wrongful conduct as a calculated risk, often economically motivated.
They can be deterred if that conduct represents a risk that is not worth
taking_**.

(Emphasis added)

12 Although deterrence may be a _predominant_ sentencing aim for offences
under the Act, especially where there is a deception of public institutions
such as in the present case, this does not necessarily mean that _other_
sentencing objectives cannot also apply to corporate offenders in an
_appropriate_ case where the facts so warranted. In each case, it is useful to
bear in mind that “any judge who comes to sentence…ought to have…four
classical principles [_viz_ , rehabilitation, deterrence, retribution, and
prevention] in mind and to apply them to the facts of the case to see which of
them _has the greatest importance in the case with which he is dealing”_
(_Public Prosecutor v Kwong Kok Hing_ [2008] 2 SLR 684 at [17], citing _R v
Sargeant_ (1974) 60 Cr App R 74 at [77]). Still, the court must temper the
objective of deterrence, with the specific moral and legal culpability of the
offender. In this regard, it would be apposite to revisit the words of Chan
Sek Keong CJ in _Luong Thi Trang Hoang Kathleen v Public Prosecutor_ [2009]
SGHC 250 (“ _Kathleen Luong_ ”) at [25]:

Judges should not blindly apply any sentencing principle without considering
all the circumstances of the case at hand, especially the culpability of the
accused in that particular case. It cannot be overemphasised that the court
must apply its mind to the facts of each case before it and determine the
appropriate sentence accordingly.

[Emphasis in original]

13 The following words of the Australian High Court in the case of _Veen v R
(No 2)_ (1988) 164 CLR 465 at 476, though basic, are useful reminders and
indicate yet again that sentencing is fact-sensitive and depends on the object
behind the law in question:

…[S]entencing is not a purely logical exercise, and the troublesome nature of
the sentencing discretion arises in large measure from unavoidable difficulty
in giving weight to each of the purposes of punishment. ….The purposes overlap
and none of them can be considered in isolation from the others when
determining what is an appropriate sentence in a particular case. They are
guideposts to the appropriate sentence but sometimes they point in different
directions.

14 In the recent decision of _Auston International Group v Public Prosecutor_
[2008] 1 SLR 882 (“ _AIG”_), Lee Seiu Kin J noted that three factors were
particularly relevant in deciding the quantum of fine to be imposed on a
corporate offender. The three factors are (i) the degree of contravention of
the statute (“the first factor”); (ii) the intention or motivation of the
offender (“the second factor”); and (iii) the steps taken by the company upon
discovery of the breach or the degree of remorse shown by the offender (“the
third factor”) (see _AIG_ at [13] to [18]). I have no doubt that Lee J did not
mean to suggest that this list was in any sense exhaustive. I could envisage
another three other factors which would also provide useful guidance to any
court faced with the task of determining what a fair quantum of fine should be
for a corporate offender. But before identifying the additional three factors,
it would be expedient to examine how the facts of the present case stood up to
the three factors set out in _AIG_.

15 In this case, although the degree of contravention of the Act was fairly
extensive, there being six charges and a further seven taken into account by
the lower court, the first factor was mitigated by the second and third _AIG_
factors. To fully appreciate the interplay between the three factors in the
instant case, it would be necessary and useful to first understand the working
relationship vis-à-vis the appellant, Lim and Patrick. The plea of leniency
made by Lim after he was arrested was instructive for this purpose:

Our company has committed an offence, and we have to be responsible for our
act. However, on the other hand, we wish to plea for leniency, **_for the fact
that we totally have no experience in setting up and running [a] coffee shop
business_** , and we had to follow 100% the advices from our consultant,
Starworld Agency. **_All headcounts that were not actively worked in our
company had been removed by Sept 2008_**. We started business in June 2008…

Also, after being asked to sign so many work pass applications, **_we felt
uncomfortable and on 14 th July 1008_****[****_sic_****]****_, we asked
Starworld Agency to sign a letter to declare if there was any rebate given to
Starworld Agency from the worker’s agent, our company has nothing to do with
it_**.

**_Last but not least, I have been 100% frank and co-operative since day 1 of
investigations with MOM officers. We did not have intention to break the
law.[note: 12]_**

(Emphasis added)

16 This plea of leniency offered several insights into the present matter.
First, it clearly showed that the appellant and Lim were remorseful after the
incident; Lim’s prompt cooperation with MOM and subsequent plea of guilt was a
reflection of this. Second, it demonstrated that the appellant and Lim, who
were novices in the coffee shop business, were both not entirely comfortable
with the false employment scheme, so much so that by September 2008, they
replaced the bogus local hires with workers actually employed by the company.
This concern also prompted the appellant to seek a written declaration from
Starworld Agency, stating that the latter was not receiving any illegal
rebates for the hiring of foreign workers. The written declaration and letter
of understanding dated 14th July 2008 reads as follows:

“STARWORLD AGENCY SERVICES was engaged by LIM KOPI HOLDINGS PTE LTD as the
Consultant for setting up operation, as well as management of daily operation
of LIM KOPI HOLDINGS PTE LTD…As STARWORLD AGENCY is entrusted to handle hiring
of foreign workers for our company, we expect STARWORLD AGENCY SERVICES **_to
be aware of our expectation, as a management agency of our coffee shop. Hence,
STARWORLD AGENCY SERVICES should bear all responsibilities of any illegal
action committed by STARWORLD AGENCY, in respect to dealing with vendors and
foreign worker agencies, and to the best of business ethic_** …”[note: 13]

[Emphasis added]

17 While the Prosecution had correctly submitted that it was no excuse (as far
as the commission of the offences were concerned) for the appellant to claim
that it had entered into the scheme on the behest of Patrick as the appellant
should have known – at the very least – that something _improper_ was involved
(see [9] above), this did not necessarily equal to the appellant having the
_blatant_ intention to defraud MOM. This was evident from the Appellant’s
discomfort with the employment scheme, and its concern that Starworld Agency
might be taking illegal rebates. In this regard, it must be borne in mind that
Starworld Agency was a consultant hired by the appellant and in relying on its
advice, I do not think that it could fairly be said that the appellant had
deliberately hatched this scheme with the purpose of undermining the object of
the Act or defrauding MOM. Reverting to the second and third _AIG_ factors,
there was in the present case an absence of a _brazen_ intention to deceive
MOM and, instead, there was a clear display of remorse on both the part of
both Lim and the appellant as soon as investigations begun into the matter.
Therefore, in my view, it would not be right to apply the principle of
deterrence simpliciter, without making the necessary adjustment in the light
of these mitigating circumstances.

18 At this juncture, it would be appropriate to discuss the further factors,
referred to in [14] above, that may be relevant to the sentencing of a
corporate offender. A fourth factor relevant to our case was the fact that the
appellant was essentially the alter ego of Lim, since the latter was the
former’s sole shareholder and director. In these circumstances, it could be
said that punishing the appellant with a substantial fine would be tantamount
to penalizing Lim _in extenso_. Put in another way, deterrence should not be
imposed _twice_ , when the company was solely owned and managed by one
individual. While s 20 of the Act, as cited by the respondent, states that a
company is equally punishable as an individual for an offence under the Act,
this related only to _liability_ , and the quantum of fine or the level of
sentence imposed was a matter to be decided separately. In cases involving
closely held companies – such as the one before us – the subject of deterrence
should rightly be the managers themselves and it is incumbent on the courts to
ensure that the totality principle is not breached where the company and
manager are in fact one and the same. A similar concern was noted in the _New
South Wales Law Reform Commission Report_ at para15.2:

15.2 If the owners of a corporation have been prosecuted and fined for the
same offence, or if they are co-defendants with the corporation, an issue that
arises is whether or not the fine imposed on the owners is relevant in
determining the amount of fine to be imposed on the corporation. This issue is
important in the context of a corporation owned by one director or by a
relatively small number of people. In such instances, it may be argued that
the corporation is the alter ego of its owners-managers and so an appropriate
punishment may be achieved by offsetting the fine imposed on the corporation
by the amount imposed on its owners. **_It may be argued that a failure to do
so would result in the imposition of a double (and therefore excessive)
penalty_**.

[Emphasis added]

In the present case, the directing mind and will behind the appellant was
indisputably Lim, who had already been given a deterrent sentence when he was
given a custodial sentence of six months for the same offences. While it could
not be denied that the appellant was also guilty of the same offences as Lim,
to impose a deterrent fine on the appellant for exactly the same offences for
which a deterrent sentence was already imposed on Lim, was to effectively
impose double deterrent sentences for the same offences, thus rendering the
fine imposed on the appellant manifestly excessive. In such circumstances
where the company was effectively the alter ego of its controllers, there was
no justification to impose double deterrent sentences. The object of the Act
would be sufficiently achieved if a deterrent sentence was already imposed on
the person controlling the company.

19 A fifth factor relevant here was the fact that the appellant was
essentially a small family business with little resources. In sentencing a
corporate offender, the quantum of fine imposed should not be oppressively
such that it vastly exceeds the financial capacity of the company to pay. The
fine specified under s 22(1)(d) of the Act is that it should not exceed
$15,000 for each charge but when cumulatively added upon, the final quantum
payable could become prohibitive for small companies culpable of multiple
breaches of the Act. Courts should be slow to impose a manifestly excessive
fine, replete with the consequences of running the company aground or out of
business. A similar concern was also duly noted by Lee J in the _AIG_ case
when he said that it was “not clear…how imposing a severe punishment on the
company would deter individuals who manage companies [and] _the courts must be
careful not to impose overly onerous conditions on the corporate world simply
to ensure compliance with regulatory provisions in a situation where the law
can effectively be applied to deter individuals from committing such acts_ ”
(_AIG_ at [19]; emphasis added). Thus, the corporate offender’s ability to pay
is a relevant consideration to be balanced against the need for deterrence and
the aims of the other sentencing objectives (see _Chia Kah Boon v Public
Prosecutor_ [1999] 4 SLR 72). A similar thought was expressed by Scott Baker J
in _R v F. Howe and Son (Engineers) Ltd_ [1999] 2 Cr. App. R. (S.) 37, a case
where the English Court of Appeal had to sentence a company for the
infringement of environmental statutes (at 42 and 43):

We are not persuaded that the size of the company and its lack of ability to
provide its own specialist safety and electrical personnel mitigates[_sic_]
these offences. **_The means of the company is, on the other hand a very
material factor to the amount of the fine_** …. Other matters that may be
relevant to sentence are the degree of risk and extent of the danger created
by the offence; the extent of the breach or breaches, for example whether it
was an isolated incident or continued over a period and, **_importantly, the
defendant's resources and the effect of the fine on its business_**.

[Emphasis added]

20 In this case, the appellant is a private company with a paid up capital of
only one dollar. The appellant was also set up using money belonging to Lim
and his family members. As pointed out by counsel for the appellant, and I
noted this was not disputed by the Prosecution, “$250,000 had already been
invested by Lim in this business to date, monies which came from his life
savings, loans from relatives and bank loans”.[note: 14] Business was also
poor and “since the business started, it has only generated enough money to
pay the monthly rental due on the lease of the premises and the renovation
costs”.[note: 15] Having regard to its financial state, a fine of $60,000
would also in my view, be an oppressive one, which could very well drive the
appellant out of business, to the detriment of the family members who had lent
Lim the money to set up the business in the first place.

21 Yet another relevant factor – which I would hasten to add was not one which
was applicable in this case but which I thought I should make known
nonetheless – would be the consideration of the community of interests which
may be affected if a prohibitive fine is imposed on a company. These diverse
interests belonging to shareholders, employees and creditors (when the company
is in winding up) are relevant considerations particularly in the case of a
large corporation, where the criminal conduct is attributable only to a select
few managers or controlling minds. In these circumstances, imposing a hefty
fine would only pass on the burden of the fine to these _other_ innocent
parties, and in an _appropriate_ case, courts should exercise care in the
weighing and balancing of this community of interests.

22 At this juncture, I will address one other argument raised by the
appellant, namely, that the offending acts were not motivated by profit and
that there were neither victims nor the causation of financial loss in the
present case (see [8] above). There were two limbs in this argument. In my
opinion, both these limbs were without merits and I could not accept them as
valid mitigating factors. While the absence of personal gain may be a
legitimate mitigating factor and even that is of “very little weight” (see
_Lai Oei Mui Jenny v Public Prosecutor_ [1993] SGHC 157 at [3]), it was clear,
as the respondent had rightly pointed out, that the financial gain here was
the wage differentials saved by the appellant from hiring the foreign workers
(see [9] above). As for the argument premised on the absence of victims or
financial loss, I would like to make two points in response to it. First, it
is a trite principle of sentencing law that in some cases, intangible damage
may be even more reprehensible and the absence of actual harm was of little
relevance or importance. It may be noted that in _Public Prosecutor v Ng Tai
Tee Janet_ [2001] 1 SLR 343 the court stated (at [28]):

In the proceedings before me, counsel for the respondents belaboured the point
that no actual harm or loss was suffered by any party and that the respondents
believed that they had not caused anyone to suffer. This argument was in my
view, misconceived. **_When considerations of public interests were
implicated, these factors were of less relevance or importance. The loss or
damage sustained was of an intangible nature and the ultimate victim was the
State_**. In any case, an act had in fact taken place in consequence of the
abetment, the principal offence was not completed only due to the alertness of
the SATS officer. The respondents were certainly not entitled to claim any
credit for this.

[Emphasis added]

Second, regulatory Acts are very often enacted to promote or advance social
policies and it is imperative that their provisions should be strictly
complied with in order to ensure that those policies would not be thwarted. In
this case, the Act serves an important public policy of maintaining the
equilibrium between the comparative advantages of having access to foreign
manpower and other social objectives such as enabling locals to compete for
jobs with foreign workers (see [10] above). Bearing in mind the public
interests involved, I could _not_ place any weight on the fact that no
tangible loss or financial damage was caused. It cannot be emphasised enough
that the courts take a stern view of any public deception of government bodies
and an appropriate deterrent sentence must be imposed whenever an employer
seeks to undermine the objectives of the Act, subject of course, in each
instance, to the careful consideration of the legal and moral culpabilities of
the offender: see _Kathleen Luong_ at [12] above.

Conclusion

23 For all the above reasons, the District Judge should have taken into
account the mitigating circumstances of this case, in particular the second
and third _AIG_ factors, as well as the additional factors I have examined
above (see [18] to [20]). In the result, I agreed with counsel for the
appellant that a fine of $10,000 for each charge, for a total fine of $60,000
was manifestly excessive. I accordingly reduced the fine to $3,000 per charge,
for a total fine of $18,000. I also ordered that the balance amount of fine
paid be refunded to the appellant.

* * *

[note: 1]See Record of Proceedings (“RP”)_, Prosecution’s Submissions on
Sentence_ dated 28th April 2009, paras 4 and 11.

[note: 2]Petition of Appeal (“POA”) at para 3(l)

[note: 3]POA at paras 3(i) and 3(j)

[note: 4]Appellant’s Case (“AC”) at paras [5] and [6]

[note: 5]Respondent’s Case (“RC”) at paras [35] and [36]

[note: 6]RC at paras [37] to [46]

[note: 7]RC at para [20]

[note: 8]RC at para [21]

[note: 9]RC at paras [28] to [30]

[note: 10]RC at para [24]

[note: 11]RC at para [32]

[note: 12]Plea of Leniency in _RP_.

[note: 13]Letter of understanding dated 14th July 2008, in _RP_.

[note: 14]See RP, Mitigation Plea at [17] by Counsel for the appellant in the
District Court below.

[note: 15]_Ibid_ at [17].

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 06 Jan 2010 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

