Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Mineral Enterprises Ltd _v_ JIO Minerals FZC and others  
[2010] SGHC 109

Case Number| :| Suit No 167 of 2009 (Registrar's Appeal No 98 of 2010)  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 13 April 2010  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Philip Pillai JC  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Gan Kam Yuin (Bih Li & Lee) for the plaintiff; Cavinder
Bull SC and Adam Yusoff Maniam (Drew & Napier LLC) for the defendants.  
Parties| :|  Mineral Enterprises Ltd — JIO Minerals FZC and others  
  
13 April 2010|  
---|---  
  
Philip Pillai JC:

1 This was an appeal against the decision of the Assistant Registrar dated 18
February 2010 in Summons No 6033 of 2009 filed in Suit No 167 of 2009 ordering
that:

(a)

the plaintiff’s action be stayed pursuant to O 12 r 7(2) of the Rules of Court
(Cap 322, R 5, 2006 Rev Ed) and para 9 of the First Schedule of the Supreme
Court of Judicature Act (Cap 322, 2007 Rev Ed); and

(b)

costs of and occasioned by the defendants’ application fixed at S$4,500.00
plus reasonable disbursements be paid forthwith by the plaintiff to the
defendants.

2 The only issue before me was that of _forum non conveniens, viz_ , whether
the Singapore court should adjudicate this dispute or decline to exercise
jurisdiction in favour of another more appropriate forum.

Background

The parties

3 The plaintiff was a company incorporated in India, with expertise in mining
and marketing of iron ore. The first defendant was a company incorporated in
United Arab Emirates (“UAE”) with a representation office in Jakarta,
Indonesia. The second defendant was an Indonesian citizen and a director and
shareholder of the first defendant. The third defendant was an Indian national
who had been residing in Indonesia since 1995\. Both the second and the third
defendants were representatives of the first defendant, and hence were
included in this action.

The factual matrix

4 The second defendant was the President and Director of an Indonesian
incorporated company, PT JIO Energi Resources (“PT JIO Indonesia”), which held
Indonesian iron ore concessions. It was apparent in this appeal that the
second defendant, was the common directing mind behind each of the Indonesian,
Singapore and UAE JIO companies. His purpose in establishing the offshore
companies in Singapore and then UAE, was to procure offshore mining and
marketing expertise, as well as funding, for PT JIO Indonesia.

The joint venture agreement of 7 April 2006 between the plaintiff and JIO
Singapore

5 On 7 April 2006, the plaintiff entered into a joint venture agreement
(“JVA”) with a Singapore incorporated company, JIO Corporation Pte Ltd (“JIO
Singapore”), to assist PT JIO Indonesia in mining its Indonesian iron ore
concessions. At all material times, the second defendant was a director and
controlling shareholder of JIO Singapore.

6 Under the JVA the plaintiff was to provide the equipment and other technical
support for mining, whilst JIO Singapore was to procure an exclusive agreement
for the marketing of such iron ore to be purchased from its Indonesian
counterparty, PT JIO Indonesia, for sale in international markets for the
benefit of the joint venture.

7 Paras (D) and (E) of the preamble to the JVA state that:

(D) The parties are desirous of entering into a joint venture to jointly
assist PT JIO [Indonesia] in mining iron ore in the locations licensed to PT
JIO [Indonesia] and subsequently to purchase the said iron ore at a price to
be determined with PT JIO [Indonesia] and to market the iron ore for sale in
international markets for the benefit of the joint venture.

(E) The parties propose to incorporate a joint venture company in the Republic
of Singapore as their joint venture vehicle for the abovementioned purposes.
The joint venture company shall be named MEL-JIO PTE LTD (the “Company”).

8 The principal terms of the JVA required the plaintiff to pay US$300,000 to
JIO Singapore and to deposit an escrow sum of US$1.7m in a bank in Singapore
to be paid to JIO Singapore on or before “completion”, which was defined in
the JVA as the completion of the establishment of the joint venture company
named MEL-JIO Pte Ltd (the “JVA Company”). One of the conditions to completion
was for JIO Singapore to procure the marketing rights over at least 1 million
tonnes of iron ore from Indonesia for the JVA Company and for the plaintiff’s
verification of such deposit with the JVA Company. On completion the plaintiff
and JIO Singapore would each subscribe for 50% of the shares in the JVA
Company.

9 Article 9 of the JVA provided that JIO Singapore’s obligation was to ensure
that all necessary permits, licences and regulatory approvals for the
exploitation and mining of iron ore by the JVA Company at any mining area
within Indonesia were obtained and to ensure that JIO Singapore granted the
right to market iron ore mined in Indonesia to the JVA Company. The
plaintiff’s obligation was to provide technical know-how, equipment and
expertise to the JVA Company and PT JIO Indonesia in relation to the mining
and marketing of minerals and metals, to ensure full assistance was rendered
to the JVA Company for the sale of the iron ore at the best prevailing market
price for the JVA Company, and to bear all costs associated with the operation
of the JVA Company until such time when the JVA Company was able to bear such
operation costs with its internal or external financing.

10 Article 24 of the JVA provided for dispute settlement under the rules of
the Singapore International Arbitration Centre and Art 25 of the JVA provided
for Singapore law to be governing law. Curiously, Art 25 also provided that
each of the parties to the JVA irrevocably submitted any legal actions or
proceedings to enforce the JVA or arising out of or in connection with the JVA
to the jurisdiction of the Singapore courts and waived any objection to the
proceedings in the Singapore courts on the grounds of venue or on the grounds
that the proceedings had been brought in an inconvenient forum.

11 The JVA was amended on 9 May 2006 to provide that the plaintiff would pay
JIO Singapore US$300,000 in Singapore and pay US$1.7m into an escrow account
in a bank in Singapore under the name of JIO Singapore.

12 Subsequently, the plaintiff and the second defendant appeared not to have
proceeded further with the JVA and the incorporation of the JVA Company.
Instead, for reasons of procurement and other efficiencies as described in the
letter of offer in [17] below, the first defendant was formed in the UAE.

UAE Exclusive Irrevocable Exploration, Exploitation, Mining and Marketing
Agreement of 7 August 2006 between first defendant and PT JIO Indonesia

13 On 7 August 2006, the first defendant and PT JIO Indonesia entered into an
Exclusive Irrevocable Exploration, Exploitation, Mining and Marketing
Agreement (“Exclusive Mining Agreement”). Under this Exclusive Mining
Agreement, PT JIO Indonesia appointed the first defendant as the sole agent
with exclusive and irrevocable rights of exploration, exploitation, mining and
marketing of iron ore concession in South Kalimantan, Indonesia. Pursuant to
Art 3.1, the sole agency included:

(a)

Survey and mapping of mines;

(b)

Mining Plans;

(c)

Drilling for the purpose of exploration;

(d)

Exploitation rights;

(e)

Blasting or any equivalent thereon;

(f)

Mining operations _ie_ , excavation, crushing, screening _etc_ , in order to
process the ore, to make it internationally marketable; and

(g)

Sell – Export or locally.

14 PT JIO Indonesia represented that they possessed iron ore concessions with
an estimated reserve of 1 million tonnes of “+65 Fe” iron ore.

15 Article 13 of the Exclusive Mining Agreement provided for the governing law
to be that of Ajman, UAE and Art 14 provided for settlement of disputes to be
referred to and settled under the UAE International Arbitration Rules or by
dispute resolution laws relating to International Trade and Commerce.

Letter of Offer of 12 September 2006 between plaintiff and first defendant

16 The final document which was the subject matter of this legal action was a
letter of offer (“Letter of Offer”) dated 12 September 2006 between the
plaintiff and the first defendant. This Letter of Offer by the first defendant
was signed by the second defendant as “President Director” of the first
defendant.

17 The Letter of Offer stated:

We have formed a Company based in AJMAN – FZ (Dubai) which will basically
source raw material for steel globally particularly from Latin America,
Australia, and Eastern Europe, to supplement our production in Indonesia.

We chose Dubai for this activity is [sic] because of its strategic location to
various destinations. Our business model is initially exporting the mined
material from Indonesia to China directly. However, the equipment and
machinery required for mining will be purchased / invested by the proposed
FZCO in Ajman. All billing, banking and other administrative activities will
be from the FZCO.

…

PT. JIO [Indonesia] through its “Exclusive Marketing Rights to JIO Minerals
FZC established in Dubai-Ajman” - Offers a Joint Venture with your esteem
[_sic_] company Mineral Enterprises Limited, for a 50% direct equity
participation.

While we have the Mines and other resources, we need your technical expertise
and market reach for creating a proper mine plan and carry out activities in a
professional manner in which your esteem [_sic_] company has been doing for
many years.

In this backdrop with our collaboration and strategic alliance we can achieve
a cutting edge quality and price advantage in the International Market as well
as become a major player in the Iron Ore industry.

We therefore offer 50% shareholding of our company JIO Minerals FZC – Dubai as
discussed with you earlier.

18 The offering was for 50% shareholding in the first defendant for a “premium
of US$1.7 million for 50% shares worth US$0.5 million”. The Letter of Offer
contained no clause providing a choice of law or a choice of forum.

19 The offer was accepted and implemented by the transfer of 50 shares in the
first defendant (20 shares from the third defendant and 30 shares from the
second defendant) to the plaintiff for a total consideration of US$1,725,695
as confirmed by a certified true copy of the general meeting of the first
defendant of 25 September 2006. The consideration was remitted to the second
and third defendants’ bank accounts in Singapore.

20 The Letter of Offer and acceptance constitute the foundation of the
plaintiff’s action in Singapore against the defendants.

The dispute

21 Subsequently, a dispute arose between the plaintiff and the defendants. The
plaintiff claims to have found scant deposits of iron ore in the mining sites,
not the amount which was represented to it. The plaintiff demanded the return
of its investment amount of US$1,725,695, of which in March 2007, the
defendants returned to the plaintiff the sum of US$697,000.

22 The plaintiff sought a declaration that it had validly rescinded the
agreement, the return of the balance of their investment amount and damages to
be assessed. In the alternative, the plaintiff claimed damages for fraudulent
misrepresentation or misrepresentation under the Misrepresentation Act (Cap
390, 1994 Rev Ed).

23 The defendants applied for a stay of this action on the basis of _forum non
conveniens_ , arguing that Indonesia was the more appropriate forum for the
trial of the action. The Assistant Registrar granted the stay and the
plaintiff appealed against that decision.

Law of forum non conveniens

24 The law of _forum non conveniens_ has been extensively expounded in several
Singapore Court of Appeal and High Court decisions. It is founded on seven
propositions set out in the English case of _Spiliada Maritime Corporation v
Cansulex Ltd_ [1987] 1 AC 460 (“ _The Spiliada_ ”). The propositions are set
out in _Dicey, Morris and Collin on the Conflict of Laws_ vol 1 (Lawrence
Collins gen ed) (Sweet & Maxwell, 14th Ed, 2006), which states at pp 475 –
477:

The following propositions may be derived from the speech of Lord Goff of
Chieveley, which has been applied in many subsequent cases. **First** , in
general the legal burden of proof rests on the defendant to persuade the court
to exercise its discretion to grant a stay, although the evidential burden
will rest on a party who seeks to establish the existence of matters which
will assist him in persuading the court to exercise its discretion in his
favour. **Secondly** , if the court is satisfied by the defendant that there
is another available forum which is clearly a more appropriate forum for the
trial of the action, the burden will shift to the claimant to show that there
are special circumstances by reason of which justice requires that the trial
should nevertheless take place in England. **Thirdly** , the burden on the
defendant is not just to show that England is not the natural or appropriate
forum, but to establish that there is another forum which is clearly or
distinctly more appropriate than the English forum; accordingly, where (as in
some commercial disputes) there is no particular forum which can be described
as the natural forum, there will be no reason to grant a stay. **Fourthly** ,
the court will look to see what factors there are which point in the direction
of another forum as being the “natural forum”, _ie_ , that with which the
action has the most real and substantial connection. These will include
factors affecting convenience or expense (such as availability of witnesses)
and such other factors as the law governing the transaction and the places
where the parties reside or carry on business, and also whether the claim is
part of a larger overall dispute which would be damaged by being fragmented.
**Fifthly** , if the court concludes at that stage that there is no other
available forum which is clearly more appropriate for the trial of the action,
the court will ordinarily refuse a stay. **Sixthly** , if, however, the court
concludes that there is some other available forum which prima facie is
clearly more appropriate, it will ordinarily grant a stay unless there are
circumstances by reason of which justice requires that a stay should not be
granted. In that enquiry, the court will consider all the circumstances of the
case, including circumstances which go beyond those taken into account when
considering connecting factors with other jurisdictions. **Seventhly** , a
stay will not be refused simply because the claimant will thereby be deprived
of “a legitimate personal or juridical advantage”, provided that the court is
satisfied that substantial justice will be done in the available appropriate
forum. [emphasis added in bold]

25 In Singapore, the _Spiliada_ propositions have been succinctly distilled in
_Halsbury’s Laws of Singapore_ vol 6(2) (LexisNexis Singapore, 2009) at paras
75.083 and 75.084:

The basic principle in _The Spiliada_ is to identify the court which should
adjudicate the dispute most suitably for the interests of all the parties and
the ends of justice. Because it is applying its own domestic law, the court
can only decide whether it wants to hear the dispute; it cannot decide whether
another court should or should not hear the case. Thus, the issue is posed as
whether the Singapore court will adjudicate a dispute.

…

Nevertheless, the practical approach is to consider the question of
appropriateness in the two distinct stages described under the previous
heading. In Stage One, the court is concerned principally with identifying the
forum with the most real and substantial connection with the dispute, where
the trial could be held at least inconvenience and expense. In Stage Two, all
circumstances will be taken into consideration, including factors that go
beyond those considered in Stage One. The principal concern at Stage Two is
whether the plaintiff will be deprived of substantial justice if the trial
were conducted abroad.

The Court of Appeal has also observed that the test for the identification of
the forum where the case ought to be tried for the interests of the parties
and the ends of justice is not mechanical, but ‘really a simple and
commonsensical’ one.

26 The crux of the matter has been crystallised by Chao Hick Tin JA in _PT
Hutan Domas Raya v Yue Xiu Enterprises (Holdings) Ltd and another_ [2001] 1
SLR(R) 104 at [17] in the following terms:

The ultimate question remains the same: where should the case be suitably
tried having regard to the interest of the parties and the ends of justice.

27 The nature of the analysis has been well stated by V K Rajah J in _Peters
Roger May v Pinder Lillian Gek Lian_ [2006] 2 SLR(R) 381 at [20] and [21]:

A court has to take into account an entire multitude of factors in balancing
the competing interests. The weightage accorded to a particular factor varies
in different cases and the ultimate appraisal ought to reflect the exigencies
dictated by the factual matrix. Copious citations of precedents and _dicta_
are usually of little assistance and may in reality serve to cloud rather than
elucidate the applicable principles.

…

In granting a stay application the court must be persuaded that compelling
reasons have been advanced precipitating the conclusion that the interests of
the parties seeking justice can be more appropriately secured in some other
jurisdiction. As Lord Sumner aptly put it in _Société du Gaz de Paris v
Société Anonyme de Navigation “Les Armateurs Français”_ 1926 SLT 33 at 37:

The object under the words “ _forum non conveniens_ ” is to find that _forum_
which is the more suitable for the ends of justice, and is preferable, because
pursuit of the litigation in that _forum_ is more likely to secure those ends.

[emphasis in original]

28 Finally, the law accords the plaintiff the freedom of choice of the forum
where its choice is challenged by _forum non conveniens_ , subject only to the
following considerations, as stated by Judith Prakash J in _Focus Energy Ltd v
Aye Aye Soe_ [2009] 1 SLR(R) 1086 at [46]:

Where more than one forum is appropriate, the plaintiff does not have to
affirmatively choose the forum that might be marginally more appropriate than
the other(s) to bring its claim. The plaintiff has the right to elect to bring
its claim in a forum where the court has jurisdiction, provided only that
there be no other forum that is _clearly or distinctly_ more appropriate.
[emphasis in original]

29 With these principles in mind, I considered the defendants’ and plaintiff’s
arguments.

The defendants’ submission that there was another more appropriate forum

30 The issue before me in this appeal was whether the defendants were able to
establish that there was another forum which was more appropriate for this
action to be suitably tried, having regard to the interest of the parties and
the ends of justice.

31 The defendants submitted that Indonesia was the more appropriate forum, for
the reasons which will be set out hereafter. Interestingly, they did not
submit that the law of UAE would be the more appropriate forum in light of the
fact that the Letter of Offer was an offer to acquire a 50% shareholding in an
UAE company which in turn had an exclusive agency agreement with PT JIO
Indonesia.

32 It was common ground that the burden of proof was on the defendants to
establish that Indonesia was the more appropriate forum for this action. It
was again common ground that the court would only consider connecting factors
material and relevant to the claim and the issues in dispute. I noted and
adopted the observations of Belinda Ang Saw Ean JC in _Yeoh Poh San and
another v Won Siok Wan_ [2002] SGHC 196 (“ _Yeoh Poh San_ ”) at [18]:

It must be remembered that the court is required to consider what forum the
issues have the closest connection with and will not simply weigh factors
without reference to the likely issues.

33 Similarly I noted and adopted the observations of Andrew Phang JC in _Q & M
Enterprises Sdn Bhd v Poh Kiat_ [2005] 4 SLR(R) 494 (“ _Q & M Enterprises Sdn
Bhd_”) at [21]:

It is important to note that it is not the mere literal or factual
geographical connections that are important (which the plaintiff raised in the
context of Singapore). There must be legal significance, so that the mere
number of geographical connections _per se_ is not conclusive by any means.

34 Having noted the above, I then proceeded to consider the defendants’
arguments that by reason of the factors they had raised, there was a more
appropriate forum for this action to be suitably tried, in the interests of
the parties and the ends of justice.

Connecting factors to another more appropriate forum

Geographical factors

35 The defendants first argued that Indonesia was the more appropriate forum
because the dispute had its closest connection with Indonesia. The dispute
involved concessions located in Kalimantan, Indonesia, and the parties engaged
in visits and discussions in Indonesia. They pointed to these further
connecting factors: (i) that the second and third defendants were residents in
Indonesia, (ii) the alleged false representations were made there, (iii) the
first defendant, whilst a UAE company, had a representation office in
Indonesia and (iv) its extraordinary general meeting resolutions recording the
transfer of 50% shares to the plaintiffs were passed in Indonesia. As per
Andrew Phang JC in _Q & M Enterprises Sdn Bhd_ at [21], it was not simply
literal or factual connections that were important but there had to be legal
significance. Of all the factors lined up by the defendants, I found the
legally significant factors to be the location of the concession in Indonesia
and the Indonesian residency of the second defendant who was the directing
mind behind the corporate structures and documentation. The weight I attached
to these factors and the reasons for so doing are set out later in [40].

Imputed choice of law of Letter of Offer

36 In a stay application, it is appropriate, at this interlocutory stage
before all the evidence has been heard, for the court to form a _prima facie_
view of the governing law (see _Banco Atlantico SA v British Bank of the
Middle East_ [1990] 2 Lloyd’s Rep 504, per Bingham LJ at 507.)

37 The defendants cited _Rickshaw Investments Ltd and another v Nicolai Baron
von Uexkull_ [2007] 1 SLR(R) 377 (“ _Rickshaw Investments Ltd_ ”) at [42] in
support of their submission that Indonesia was the more appropriate forum
based on their argument that the imputed choice of law of the Letter of Offer
ought to be Indonesian law, _viz_ :

Choice of law issues are relevant even to a question of jurisdiction. The
relevance of choice of law considerations in a _jurisdictional_ enquiry
regarding the ‘‘natural forum’’ lies in the general proposition that where a
dispute is governed by a foreign _lex causae_ , the forum would be less adept
in applying this law than the courts of the jurisdiction from which the _lex
causae_ originates. [emphasis in original]

38 The defendants submitted that in imputing the governing law of the Letter
of Offer, the court would have to consider to which system of law the
transaction had its closest and most real connection, taking into
consideration the place of contracting, the place of performance, the places
of residence or business of the parties, and the nature and subject matter of
the contract.

39 _Pacific Recreation Pte Ltd v S Y Technology Inc and another appeal_ [2008]
2 SLR(R) 491 provides guidance on determining the imputed choice of law where
the parties have not expressly or impliedly chosen a governing law. As stated
in [36] and [49]:

36 In _Overseas Union Insurance Ltd v Turegum Insurance Co_ [2001] 2 SLR(R)
285 ("_OUI v Turegum Insurance_ ") at [82], it was pointed out that:

There are three stages in determining the governing law of a contract. The
first stage is to examine the contract itself to determine whether it states
expressly what the governing law should be. In the absence of an express
provision one moves to the second stage which is to see whether the intention
of the parties as to the governing law can be inferred from the circumstances.
If this cannot be done, the third stage is to determine with which system of
law the contract has its most close and real connection. That system would be
taken, objectively, as the governing or proper law of the contract. …

…

49 When one has ascribed the proper weightage to the relevant factors, the
next step would be that enunciated in _Las Vegas Hilton_ at [40] (namely, the
third stage). In that case, Chao J went on to cite (at [42]) the following
passage from _The Assunzione_ [1954] P 150 at 179 by Singleton LJ:

[O]ne must look at all the circumstances and seek to find what just and
reasonable persons ought to have intended if they had thought about the matter
at the time when they made the contract. If they had thought that they were
likely to have a dispute, I hope it may be said that just and reasonable
persons would like the dispute determined in the most convenient way and in
accordance with business efficacy.

We agreed with Chao J's observation in _Las Vegas Hilton_ at [44] that the
"closest and most real connection" test (_id_ at [40]) was the same as the
objective test of the reasonable man adopted in _The Assunzione_.

40 In my view, the defendants in lining up the Indonesian connecting factors
(see [35] and [38] above) appeared to have ignored a significant counter
connecting factor to the UAE insofar as the substance of the Letter of Offer
was an offer to acquire shares in a UAE company. The determination of what
reasonable persons ought, in the context of this Letter of Offer, to have
intended if they had thought about which law would govern the Letter of Offer,
at the time the agreement was made, was not to be conducted _in vacuo_ but in
light of the business objectives of the parties as expressed in the Letter of
Offer. The Letter of Offer expressly stated:

We have formed a Company based in AJMAN – FZ (Dubai) which will basically
source raw material for steel globally particularly from Latin America,
Australia, and Eastern Europe, to supplement our production in Indonesia.

We chose Dubai for this activity is [_sic_] because of its strategic location
to various destinations …

As the location of the concession was in Indonesia and the second defendant
was resident in Indonesia, it was open to the second defendant, who was the
directing mind behind both PT JIO Indonesia and first defendant, to have made
this offer to the plaintiff, to invest onshore in any suitable Indonesian
incorporated company, whether a newly incorporated company or PT JIO
Indonesia. Nevertheless he structured this Letter of Offer for the investment
to be made in a UAE company. It was also significant that previous to this the
second defendant had utilised and later abandoned a Singapore company for the
same objective. The second defendant appeared to have planned at least two
offshore vehicles and arrangements first in Singapore and then in the UAE,
through which to source the offshore expertise and financing to produce and
market PT JIO Indonesia’s iron ore concession.

41 In the light of these actions and decisions which revealed a business
objective to establish an offshore vehicle for financing and marketing of the
iron ore hoped to be mined from the PT JIO Indonesia concession, it was not a
compelling conclusion that the governing law to be imputed to the Letter of
Offer was Indonesian law. The facts that UAE law was expressly chosen to
govern the Exclusive Mining Agreement between the first defendant and the
plaintiff and that Singapore law was to govern the JVA between the plaintiff
and JIO Singapore indicated that the reasonable persons in their shoes would
not have, in order to give business efficacy to their arrangements, concluded
that Indonesian law was to govern this Letter of Offer.

Governing law of alternative claim for misrepresentation

42 The defendants next submitted that the plaintiff’s alternative claim, _viz_
, the tort of fraudulent misrepresentation, was governed by Indonesian law by
reason that the representations were made in Indonesia. The defendants
submitted that the place where a tort occurred was _prima facie_ the natural
forum for determining the claim and that the tort occurred in Indonesia (see
_Rickshaw Investments Ltd_ , at [37] – [40]). He additionally cited _Wing Hak
Man and another v Bio-Treat Technology Ltd and others_ [2009] 1 SLR(R) 446 at
[26] for the proposition that in order to determine where the alleged tort has
been committed, the court should “look back over the series of events”
constituting the elements of the tort and ask where in substance the cause of
action arose. The defendants submitted that “looking back over the series of
events”, the representations were made in Indonesia and hence Indonesia law
would apply.

43 They further submitted that for the matter to be heard in Singapore, the
double actionability rule must apply _, ie_ , for the Singapore court to find
liability, the tort would have to be actionable in both jurisdictions. These
did not, in my view, present insurmountable obstacles. Double actionability
would first need to be raised at trial. Second, the court would need to find
that the representations were in fact made in Indonesia. Third, expert
evidence of Indonesian law would need to be adduced. The first two would
present no difficulty for the trial court. As for Indonesian law the trial
court would determine this either by expert evidence adduced or in the absence
of its proof, the law of the forum would apply by default (see _Rickshaw
Investments Ltd_ , at [43]).

Location of witnesses and documents necessary for trial

44 The defendants next raised questions of witnesses and documents which they
submitted pointed towards another more appropriate forum. He cited _Rickshaw
Investments Ltd_ , at [19] in support:

In our view, the importance of the location and the compellability of the
witnesses depends on whether the main disputes revolve around questions of
fact. If they do and, for example, the judge's assessment of a witness's
credibility is crucial, then the location of the witnesses takes on greater
significance because there would be savings of time and resources if the trial
is held in the forum in which the witnesses reside and where they are
_clearly_ compellable to testify. [emphasis in original]

45 The defendants then submitted that the witnesses who would be able to give
evidence relating to the extent of drilling carried out by the plaintiff’s
drilling team included two Indonesian nationals and residents. They submitted
also that many of the relevant documents were likely to be in Bahasa Indonesia
which would need to be translated, and that was a factor in favour of the stay
application.

46 The plaintiff submitted in response, citing _Yeoh Poh San_ at [18] that
this court was required to consider which forum the issues of the action had
the closest connection with, and could not simply weigh factors without
reference to the likely issues. The principal witnesses required for this
action would be the plaintiff’s representatives and the second and third
defendants themselves. In addition, the relevant documents in such an action
were, as she submitted, primarily agreements, correspondence and related
documents in English between the plaintiff and the defendants. No issue was
raised as to the availability of the plaintiff’s representatives, the second
and the third defendants themselves. One question of fact that might be raised
related to the iron ore content of the concession site. In relation to this,
the defendants raised one potential difficulty, _viz_ , that the defendants
might require evidence relating to the extent of drilling conducted by the
plaintiff from two Indonesian nationals and residents.

47 At this stay application stage, in the totality of the likely issues in the
trial, the defendants were not able to show whether the evidence of the two
Indonesian nationals and residents would be material, whether the defendants
would require these two witnesses at the trial, whether they would be
available, and whether or not other available witnesses would be able to
provide the same evidence. Accordingly I was unable to conclude that the non-
compellability of these two possible witnesses, in light of the undisputed
availability of the parties and the English language communications and
agreements established that there was another more appropriate forum.

**Conclusion**

48 I had considered the relevant connecting factors in their totality, taking
into account the substance of this cross-border joint venture, the business
efficacy and objectives of the parties, the absence of a choice of law or
forum in the Letter of Offer which was the subject matter of the plaintiff’s
action against the defendants and the likely issues at the trial and the
witnesses and evidence in light of such likely issues. On balance, I did not
think that the defendants had shown that there was another more appropriate
forum. Considering all the circumstances of this offshore arrangement, I was
of the view that allowing the action to proceed in Singapore would meet the
interests of the parties and the ends of justice.

49 In the light of the above, I allowed the appeal and fixed the costs of the
hearings here and below at S$9,000 inclusive of disbursements.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 13 Apr 2010 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

