Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Chai Cher Watt (trading as Chuang Aik Engineering Works) v SDL
Technologies Pte Ltd  
[2010] SGHC 348

Case Number| :| Suit No 439 of 2009  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 29 November 2010  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Philip Pillai J  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Gopal Perumal (instructed) and Ms Tan Siew Gek Suzanne (K
Ravi Law Corporation) for the plaintiff; Chooi Yue Wai Kenny, Kong Tai Wai
David and Fong Kai Tong Kelvin (Yeo-Leong and Peh LLC) for the defendant.  
Parties| :|  Chai Cher Watt (trading as Chuang Aik Engineering Works) v SDL
Technologies Pte Ltd  
  
[LawNet Editorial Note: The appeal to this decision in Civil Appeals Nos 233
of 2010 and 10 of 2011 was allowed in part by the Court of Appeal on 17
October 2011. See [2011] SGCA 54.]

29 November 2010| Judgment reserved.  
---|---  
  
Philip Pillai J:

Introduction

1 The plaintiff, Chai Cher Watt, trading as Chuang Aik Engineering Works,
brings this suit against the defendant, SDL Technologies Pte Ltd, for the
refund of deposits paid under two contracts for the supply of a drilling
machine (“Drilling Machine”) and a lathe machine (“Lathe”), and for damages
resulting from the breach of the two contracts.

Background facts

2 The plaintiff entered into the following written contracts with the
defendant:

(a)

a contract dated 21 August 2007 for the supply, delivery, installation and
commissioning of one Deep Hole Boring and Drilling machine (Model Number:
DB2125/4000) (“Drill Contract”); and

(b)

a contract dated 21 December 2007 for the supply, delivery, installation and
“power-up” of one Heavy Duty Conventional Lathe (Model Number: CW611800 X
2000) (“Lathe Contract”).

3 The Drill Contract was the result of prior consultations between the
defendant and the plaintiff in which the defendant advised him on the
appropriate drilling machine which would meet his requirements. In this regard
the plaintiff’s requirements related to the drilling capacity of the Drilling
Machine, to be installed and operated in his new factory site. The Drill
Contract signed by both parties set out the technical description of the
Drilling Machine and in particular, its drilling capacity of a maximum boring
depth of 4000mm. It also set out the instalment payment of the purchase price
of a 30% deposit upon confirmation, 50% payable upon inspection at
manufacturer’s plant before shipping to Singapore and the remaining 20%
payable upon delivery and commissioning. Other relevant terms include that the
customer is to “prepare floor base and foundation before the arrival of the
machine” and for “1 people [_sic_] from customer will be provided round trip
air ticket and 2 days accommodation for machine inspection/test run at
manufacturer plant upon manufacturing completed [_sic_]”.

4 The Drilling Machine was delivered on 19 August 2008 to the plaintiff at
Block 3017A Ubi Road 1, #01-17 (“Factory”) pursuant to the Drill Contract. The
plaintiff thereafter rejected the Drilling Machine and sought repayment of the
deposit paid under the Drill Contract on the basis of the defendant averred to
be in repudiatory breach of the Drill Contract, by reason of the following:
(1) the machine was not new but refurbished; (2) the machine was not 11m long
as stated in the Drill Contract but was 13.5m long; (3) the model number was
not DB2125/4000 as stated in the Drill Contract but TK2125A; (4) the defendant
did not pay for the plaintiff’s return trip to China to inspect the drill
machine; and (5) the defendant failed to notify the plaintiff of the
completion of the manufacture of the machine before arranging for shipment.

5 The principal terms of the Lathe Contract signed by both parties set out the
technical description of the Lathe and in particular, instalment payment of
the purchase price of 30% deposit upon confirmation, 60% after machine
inspection at the manufacturer’s plant before shipping to Singapore and the
remaining 10% upon on-site commissioning at the plaintiff’s workshop. It set
out the Delivery Time to be “approx. 6 months manufacturing completed upon
received of deposit”. It also provided a 12 month warranty against
manufacturing defects and 12 months local service and technical support by the
defendant. The Lathe Contract contained a printed term which had been deleted
and cancelled by hand on the same date as the Lathe Contract which provided
for “1 person to be provided a round trip air ticket including 2 days’
accommodation for machine inspection and buy-off at manufacturer plan upon on
site acceptance”.

6 The plaintiff claims that the defendant had been in repudiatory breach of
the Lathe Contract because (1) the Lathe was not delivered to the plaintiff
within 6 months from the payment of the plaintiff’s payment of the 30% deposit
(the Lathe machine arrived in Singapore on 8 September 2008, the Lathe
Contract date being 21 December 2007), (2) the defendant did not give notice
of completion of the Lathe, and did not arrange for the plaintiff to inspect
the Lathe in China before its shipment to Singapore; and (3) the defendant
failed to provide a 12 month warranty against manufacturing defects from date
of installation and setup of the Lathe.

My decision

Drill contract

7 I first consider the issue of whether the plaintiff is entitled to reject
the Drilling Machine. It is trite law that in order to repudiate the Drill
Contract, it would be necessary for the plaintiff to establish that the
defendant had breached a condition of the contract or breached a warranty the
consequence of which was to deprive the plaintiff of substantially the whole
benefit of the Drill Contract. Section 13(1) of the Sale of Goods Act (Cap
393, 1999 Rev Ed) (“Sale of Goods Act”) provides that where there is a
contract for the sale of goods by description, there is an _implied condition_
that the goods will correspond with the description.

8 The Drill Contract and the Lathe Contract insofar as they contain
specifications are contracts of sale by description within the meaning of s 13
of the Sale of Goods Act: see _Chuan Hiap Seng (1979) Pte Ltd v Progress
Manufacturing Pte Ltd_ [1995] 1 SLR(R) 122. Where the contract contains a
detailed description of the goods, minor discrepancies between the delivered
goods and their description may entitle the purchaser to reject the goods:
_Arcos Ltd v E A Ronaasen & Son_ [1933] AC 470 at 479. In certain cases, in
the absence of detailed commercial description, goods having considerable
discrepancy from their described characteristics would nevertheless fall
within s 13(1): _Benjamin’s Sale of Goods_ (Sweet & Maxwell, 8th Ed, 2010) at
para 11-019. Thus, where a contract for a new Singer car was made, it was not
satisfied by the delivery of a second hand model: _Andrew Bros Ltd v Singer &
Co Ltd_ [1934] 1 KB 17. Also, a contract for a one-year-old second-hand
reaping machine which had been used to cut only 50 acres, was held not to have
been performed by a very old machine which had been mended: _Varley v Whipp_
[1900] 1 QB 513.

9 The plaintiff claims that he was entitled to repudiate the Drill Contact as
the Drilling Machine delivered was not new but refurbished. The plaintiff
bears the burden of proving that the machine was not new but refurbished. His
first expert, Mr Rajesh Moehamad from SGS Testing & Control Services Singapore
Pte Ltd conducted an inspection and issued a report on 1 September 2008 which
concluded as follows:

Visual inspection was carried out on the accessible areas of the presented
machine and found them to be used but in refurbished condition at the time of
our inspection. It was observed that even though some portion that appear to
indicate worn characteristics (such as loose bearings, scratch marks, poor
electrical wiring, dusty and worn out controller [_sic_], dirt in filter of
hydraulic pump etc) which suggest that the machine as a whole may not qualify
as brand new condition. Based on the above findings we report that machine
presented for inspection was found to be in refurbished condition. It should
also be highlighted that the model indicated on the manufacturer nameplate was
“TK2125A” instead of “DB2125/4000.

10 The plaintiff appointed a second expert, Mr Liam Kok Chye from Matcor
Technology & Services Pte Ltd about a year later, and he conducted an
inspection and issued a report dated 5 October 2009 in which he concluded as
follows:

The condition of the [Drilling Machine] examined was not consistent with that
of a new machine. The relatively extensive wear and tear in many of the
equipments/parts, and the covering of new paint over old paint and rusted
areas, indicated that the machine had been subjected to previous appreciable
usage, which was not associated with the quality testing alleged (of
reportedly less than 50 hours). The machine was apparently comprised of
various old and used equipments/parts which were partially refurbished and put
together as a system.

(i) many of the parts and components revealed evidence of considerable wear
and tear from previous usage. These included the bolts, screws, bearings, tool
posts, control button, sight glass, aluminium rails, keyboards and electrical
connectors/cables etc. (ii) two of the motor end covers revealed signs of
repair over previous dent and deformation damages while the oil in the
hydraulic motor appeared darkened/used and filled with deposits; (iii) many
parts of the frame structures and chassis/panels beneath the new green paint
coating revealed remnants of old paint coating and rust; (iv) the machine was
coated only after many parts were assembled and installed which is generally
not consistent with common industrial practice; (v) the keyboard panel and
associated accessories of the Fanuc control unit appeared inconsistent, used
and worn; (vi) although the manufacturing dates in the identification panels
of some of the equipments appeared relatively recent, the authenticity of the
data inscribed in the identification panels is dubious as the conditions of
the machines/parts were not consistent with those of a new equipment.[note: 1]

Apart from the two experts who had carried out a purely visual inspection for
wear and tear, [note: 2] the plaintiff adduced no further evidence to prove
that the Drilling Machine was not new but refurbished. Indeed, even on the
evidence of his own expert, only 20% of the Drilling Machine appeared to look
“not new”.[note: 3]

11 The defendant’s case is that the manufacturer Dezhou Delong (Group) Machine
Tool Co Ltd was a leading Chinese machine and machine tool manufacturer in
receipt of an ISO 9001-2000 Quality System Certificate for _inter alia_ , the
TK21/DB1/1A series of machines. In order to achieve the ISO certification, the
manufacturer had to have in place a system of internal quality inspections
before machines left its factories.

12 The defendant next produced the China National Machine Tools Quality
Inspection Centre Report which is an export quality licence dated 16 June
2008. The report stated that the Drilling Machine was tested on 11 to 12 June
2008, that the date of production of the Drilling Machine was May 2008 and
that its condition was good and found to comply with the required standards.
The defendant explained that the testing involved about 50 hours of testing or
running the Drilling Machine.

13 The defendant’s expert pointed out that the Drilling Machine components had
been shipped from China to Singapore where they were assembled and
repainted.[note: 4] Furthermore, the Drilling Machine had remained unused and
in place at the plaintiff’s Factory under high humidity and temperature which
might have affected the visual inspection of the plaintiff’s second expert who
conducted his inspection one year after the delivery of the Drilling Machine.
[note: 5]

14 The plaintiff’s first expert observed that “some portion that appear to
indicate worn characteristics (such as loose bearings, scratch marks, poor
electrical wiring, dusty and worn out controller [_sic_], dirt in filter of
hydraulic pump etc)”. These related to messy wires, oil, dirty and scratched
control panel, clamped lubrication hose and other scratches.

15 The defendant’s expert responded that apart from wear and tear and the
effects of the Drilling Machine remaining unused in high humidity and
temperature, the other deficiencies were minor or trivial and that they could
be cleaned up, touched up or rectified during the commissioning of the
Drilling Machine. With respect to the hydraulic pump, the defendant had
explained that it could be cleaned up and that its original colour was blue
when purchased from the suppliers and that it was re-sprayed green to match
the colour of the Drilling Machine.

16 In the light of the above, the plaintiff has not discharged his burden of
proof on a balance of probabilities that the Drilling Machine delivered was
not new but refurbished. These deficiencies, which could have been rectified
upon commissioning of the Drilling Machine, did not establish that the
Drilling Machine was not new but refurbished.

17 The plaintiff next averred that in the Drill Contract specification, the
Drilling Machine was described as 11m long, but the delivered Drilling Machine
was 13.5m long. Sometime in March 2008, the defendant provided the plaintiff
with a copy of the first foundation drawing for the defendant to prepare the
floor base for the Drilling Machine. This first foundation drawing revealed
that the length of the Drilling Machine was 13.5m rather than 11 metres. From
this, the defendant discovered that they had made an error in the Drill
Contract where they had inserted a length of 11m. By way of correction, the
defendant then told the plaintiff of this error. The defendant’s evidence is
that the plaintiff then proceeded to measure the floor space of the Factory
and told the defendant that there was more than enough space to accommodate
the Drilling Machine. The plaintiff denied that the defendant had pointed out
this error to him based on the first foundation plan although he admits having
received it. He also denied having measured the floor space and telling the
defendant that there was space to accommodate the 13.5m-long Drilling Machine.
In any event, it is undisputed that the Factory floor space can accommodate
the Drill Machine of 13.5m. The plaintiff proceeded to propose amendments to
the foundation plans to relocate the floor base. He then proceeded to prepare
the floor base. Finally, upon delivery of the Drilling Machine, he accepted
the delivery and installation of the Drilling Machine. In these circumstances
I find that he had by conduct signified his knowledge of the correct length of
the Drilling Machine and his agreement to the correction.

18 The plaintiff next averred that the drilling machine delivered was not the
Drilling Machine purchased under the Drill Contract because the Drill Contract
model number was stated to be DB2125/4000 whilst the Drilling Machine
delivered had a display plate attached stating the model number to be TK2125A.
The defendant’s explanation for the difference in the model numbers are as
follows:(1) “D” stands for drilling whilst “B” stands for boring, (2) in
China, “T” stands for “tang”, the _hanyu pinyin_ initial for bore and “K” is
the _hanyu pinyin_ initial for control; and (3) the numbers 2125 are critical
in that 2 stands for horizontal, 1 for drill and bore and 25 for the largest
(bore) diameter of 250. In short, all the numbers represent that the same
product with the same specification as ordered by the defendant had been
delivered. The plaintiff, relying on the current website of the manufacturer’s
data relating to TK2125A pointed out that this revealed some further
specification differences from DB2125/4000 as set out in the Drill Contract.
The defendant pointed out that this brochure described the latest model of
TK2125A, which had different specifications from the previous model, but
performs all the requirements of the plaintiff. Accordingly, it was conceded
by the plaintiff’s counsel that no issue would have arisen had the defendant
simply replaced the model number plate with another plate which stated the
model DB2125/4000. In short, that the model number plate in and of itself had
little bearing on whether the defendant had supplied goods which conformed to
their description. I find that there was no ground for repudiation of the
Drill Contract by reason only of the different model numbers set out in the
model number plate.

19 I next turn to the remaining issues raised relating to other terms of the
Drill Contract, _viz_ , the on-site inspection and the notification. Even if
these terms were breached, these were not breaches which would entitle the
plaintiff to repudiate the Drill Contract. If at all, they may sound in
damages. However there is in my finding no breach of the inspection obligation
because I accept the defendant’s evidence that the plaintiff had agreed to
dispense with the China factory inspection in substitution for the provision
of two Chinese engineers to train the plaintiff to operate the Drill Machine
in Singapore. The notification ground was not pursued further.

Lathe Contract

20 The plaintiff had repudiated the Lathe Contract on the following grounds:
(1) for late delivery after the receipt of the 30% deposit from the defendant;
and (2) for failure to arrange for the inspection of the Lathe at the
manufacturer’s plant. There was no basis for the second ground as the Lathe
Contract did not contain any obligation to provide for inspection at the
manufacturer’s plant. This printed condition had been deleted, and initialled
by the defendant’s representative Andy Lok on the date of the Drill Contract
and this had not been disputed in court.

21 The Lathe Contract was entered on 21 December 2007 and the defendant
informed the plaintiff of its arrival in Singapore in September 2008. On the
question of late delivery, s 10(2) read with s 10(1) of the Sale of Goods Act
provides that whether any stipulation as to time other than for payment are of
essence of a contract depends on the terms of the contract. Nothing in the
Lathe Contract provided that time is of the essence. The Lathe Contract of 21
December 2007, stipulates “approx. 6 months manufacturing completed upon
received of deposit” expressly contemplates manufacture after receipt of the
deposit and an approximate delivery time. Finally the plaintiff claimed that
the Lathe Contract obliged the defendant to provide a 12 month warranty from
the date of installation and commissioning. The plaintiff disputed the
assertion of the defendant’s lawyers that this warranty is to commence from
the date of manufacturer’s delivery of the Lathe. This dispute in the
circumstances is moot and cannot provide a legal basis for the plaintiff’s
repudiation of the Lathe Contract. Should a dispute materialise, the plaintiff
remains at liberty to seek appropriate relief including damages.

Conclusion

22 Given my findings and inferences of facts, the plaintiff’s claim is
dismissed with costs to be taxed or agreed.

* * *

[note: 1]AEIC of Liam Kok Chye at page 8

[note: 2]NE Day 7 pg 5

[note: 3]NE Day 7 pg 13

[note: 4]AEIC of Dr Huang Xianya at pg 27, 131

[note: 5]AEIC of Dr Huang Xianya at pg 24 and 39

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 29 Nov 2010 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

