Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  ABD Pte Ltd _v_ Comptroller of Income Tax  
[2010] SGHC 107

Case Number| :| Income Tax Appeal No 2 of 2009  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 08 April 2010  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Andrew Phang Boon Leong JA  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Nand Singh Gandhi and Delphie Ann Gomez (Allen & Gledhill
LLP) for the appellant; Foo Hui Min and Usha Chandradas (Inland Revenue
Authority of Singapore) for the respondent.  
Parties| :|  ABD Pte Ltd — Comptroller of Income Tax  
  
8 April 2010| Judgment reserved.  
---|---  
  
Andrew Phang Boon Leong JA:

Introduction

1 Tax raises – not surprisingly, perhaps – _contrasting_ responses. On the one
hand, – and particularly from the taxpayer’s perspective – it is often viewed
negatively. As Hubert Monroe QC put it at the commencement of his 1981 Hamlyn
Lectures (_Intolerable Inquisition? Reflections on the Law of Tax_ (Stevens &
Sons, 1981)) (“ _Intolerable Inquisition?_ ”) at p 1 (see also at p 15):

Tax is scarcely a favourite topic. … Objections to the topic, some articulated
and some no more than impressions, would range from the complexity and
obscurity alleged to surround it to an uneasy feeling that the topic is
somehow distasteful and in an indeterminate way alien to those principles of
reason and fairness which distinguish the common law.

2 But there is, as alluded to above, another side to the coin, which is (in my
view) reflected in the question mark placed after the main title of the
lectures just referred to. In other words, whilst, on one view, tax may be
viewed as an “intolerable inquisition”, there is another view that can be
adopted; in the learned author’s words (_Intolerable Inquisition?_ at p 1):

Disagreeable topic though it may be, tax has a widespread relevance.
Economists will happily devote time to discussing the form which tax should
take since tax and the system adopted for its collection have profound
economic effects. Those whose interests lie in the area of public finance and
public administration will share with economists their interest in the
consequences of this or that form of tax. For accountants tax is of particular
relevance since it is pervasive in relation to their clients’ affairs: all
property and all sources of income have at some stage to come to terms with
the demands of tax. Is not the Inland Revenue a partner in every trade,
business or enterprise?

3 Indeed, one cannot gainsay the well-established public necessity for tax in
general and tax law in particular which centres on, _inter alia_ , the raising
of revenue for the financing of public infrastructure and redistribution (see
also, for example, John Tiley, _Revenue Law_ (Hart Publishing, 6th Ed, 2008)
(“ _Revenue Law_ ”) at pp 7-10). In this respect, the legal regime is
_statutory_ in nature. The modern income tax regime in the local context dates
back more than five decades. The traditional starting-point is located in R B
Heasman, _Income Tax: A Report to Their Excellencies the Governors of the
Malayan Union and Singapore, with Recommendations, including a Draft Bill and
Proposals for Administration and Staffing_ (Kuala Lumpur, Malayan Union
Government Press, 1947) (popularly known as “the _Heasman Report_ ”, and
hereafter referred to as such) as well as the _Report of the Joint Committee
appointed by Their Excellencies the Governors of the Malayan Union and
Singapore to consider Mr. Heasman’s recommendations for the institution of an
Income Tax and to report whether, if the policy of Income Tax were adopted,
the principles of the legislation, a draft of which is annexed to Mr.
Heasman’s Report, would, in their opinion, be suitable for the purpose_ (Kuala
Lumpur, Malayan Union Government Press, 1947). Much has, of course, happened
since but the present Income Tax Act (Cap 134, 2008 Rev Ed) (“the Act”) finds
its roots in this historical setting (see also generally _Halsbury’s Laws of
Singapore – Revenue and Taxation_ vol 16(2) (LexisNexis, 2008 Reissue) (“
_Halsbury’s Laws of Singapore_ ”) at paras 205.004–205.009 as well as Andrew
Halkyard and Stephen Phua Lye Huat, “Common Law Heritage and Statutory
Diversion – Taxation of Income in Singapore and Hong Kong” [2007] SJLS 1 at
1-3 (which, as the title itself suggests, contains comparative aspects as
well)).

4 Interestingly, perhaps, when income tax legislation was first being
considered in the local context, it was noted thus (see the _Heasman Report_
at para 15):

The possibility of the re-introduction of Income Tax in Malaya was forecast
early in 1946. Press and public comment tended on the whole, _but more
noticeably in Singapore_ , towards acceptance of the principle that the
taxation of income is the fairest and most equitable method of raising
revenue, and there seems to have been little disposition in the Colony to
question the need for the provision of social services on an adequate scale.
[emphasis added]

5 Apart from the historical context, the Act itself embodies a coherent system
that seeks to balance the contrasting views as well as expectations referred
to briefly above. For example, whilst income tax is levied (see generally s 10
of the Act), deductions are also permitted (see generally s 14 of the Act as
well as below at [39]–[40] in so far as the various categories of deductions
within that particular section are concerned). However, deductions of a
capital nature are generally not permitted (see, in particular, s 15(1)(_c_)
of the Act, a provision that will, in fact, figure prominently in this appeal,
and which was accorded a broad scope by the Singapore Court of Appeal in _T
Ltd v Comptroller of Income Tax_ [2006] 2 SLR(R) 618). In order, however, to
meet any unfairness to the taxpayer concerned in this last-mentioned regard
(in particular, where the capital asset concerned is a depreciating one), the
Act permits – in specific situations – capital allowances in favour of the
taxpayer (see generally Pt VI of the Act). However, as already mentioned, the
entire income tax regime is embodied wholly within a _statutory_ framework.
Hence, where the situation concerned is not provided for by the Act, just as
no tax can be levied, by the same token, no tax concession operates in favour
of the taxpayer (a clear instance of this in the context of capital allowances
can be found in the Singapore Court of Appeal decision of _In re A B Ltd_
[1957] MLJ 143 (“ _A B Ltd_ ”) (affirming the Singapore High Court decision in
_In re A B Ltd_ [1956] MLJ 197), which we will, in fact, have occasion to
consider in more detail below; see also the _Heasman Report_ at para 32, where
proposed provisions in respect of capital allowances were said to “[modify] to
some extent one of the cardinal principles of Income Tax Law, namely, that
outlay of a capital nature, however desirable from the point of view of the
trade or business, is not deductible in computing the amount of income to be
taxed”). Monroe echoes the same sentiments made at the outset of the present
paragraph. Although referring to the UK context, the following observations by
the learned author are, it is suggested, equally applicable to the Singapore
context (see _Intolerable Inquisition?_ at pp 35-36):

But there does seem to me to be a general failure of nerve: panache is
missing. By that I mean this: we are insufficiently interested in basic
principles. Who teaches tax as a coherent branch of the law? What interests
the profession? They will tell you all there is to know – and more – about the
law and the practice … But when will they base advocacy on the potential
coherence of the tax code? When will judges be invited to construe provisions
in taxing statutes as part of a scheme designed, however imperfectly, to
produce a reasonable result? When, in short, will confidence return that,
within the familiar limits of our legal system, it is no less possible to
predict how a tax question will be answered than to suggest how a problem in
the common law will be resolved? When will it be possible for the practitioner
to look with confidence at his client, straight in the face, and say: “You
know, the law on occasions may be an ass, but the tax law is not currently as
assinine as that!” The outlook is not entirely gloomy. Largely thanks to the
heroic pioneering efforts of Professor Wheatcroft tax is more widely taught
than ever before and not just as a practical craft. Systematic and comparative
study must lead to increasing comprehension, comprehension to coherence. In
any individual case the taxpayer’s advocate may well strive to win the
taxpayer’s case by whatever argument is to hand. But it would do less than
justice to those responsible for putting the Revenue’s cases to doubt their
concern to present the tax code as a coherent whole. If those outside the
inner circle sometimes hear the theme but faintly, their listening or hearing
may be at fault. The Courts’ cooperation with Parliament may also be on the
way towards achieving more sensible results.

6 To be sure, the very _nature_ of tax legislation entails some measure of
legal technicality, although it should also be pointed out that the presence
of legal technicality does _not necessarily_ mean that justice and fairness
cannot therefore be achieved. In this regard, the following candid
observations by Mr Heasman (commenting on what was to become, historically,
the first piece of income tax legislation in the local context) are apposite
(see the _Heasman Report_ at para 39):

I was enjoined during my informal talks to make the draft Bill simple, and not
difficult to understand. _Simplicity and intelligibility are undoubtedly most
desirable objectives, but it is an unfortunate fact that Income Tax
legislation must, by its nature, be abstract and technical, and can never be
easy reading_. It is concerned with the principles and methods of calculation
which it is difficult to express in words without an appearance of
complication, or the presentation of loopholes whereby tax can be avoided or
evaded. The intricacy of this type of legislation seems to have been a matter
of concern from the outset, for when Income Tax was first introduced into the
United Kingdom in 1799, the Government of the day sought to allay the dismay
which the measure might occasion by issuing as a separate publication “A
Plain, Short and Easy Description of the Different Clauses of the Income Tax,
so as to render it familiar to the meanest capacity”. The extent to which this
well-meant effort achieved its purpose is not officially recorded. _However, I
think the main principles of the present Bill are easily understandable, and
will be quickly grasped by the majority_. [emphasis added]

7 Before proceeding to consider the specific issues that arise in the present
appeal, one final general observation is appropriate. Of all areas of the law,
perhaps the law relating to tax in general and income tax in particular are
heavily fact-specific. It is true that facts are always important in every
area of the law. However, because (as we shall see) it is difficult to
formulate general principles in the context of income tax law, the factual
matrix takes on an even greater importance. This is (as we shall also see)
especially the case in relation to the fundamental distinction that has to be
drawn between capital and revenue. Nevertheless, even here, the court must be
careful not to slide down the slippery slope to the other extreme by
subscribing to the (substantively meaningless) mantra embodied in the
declaration that “It all depends on the facts”. In order for a particular
decision to be legally _justified_ , legal rules and principles (which contain
_normative_ force) _must_ be both formulated as well as applied. Put simply, a
court _cannot_ – and must not – justify a particular decision based _solely_
on the facts (which, in and of themselves, are purely _descriptive_ in nature
and, hence do _not_ contain the _normative_ force required to _justify_ the
decision arrived at by the court). Any recourse to the aforesaid mantra would,
in substance, be a case of circular argument that seeks to justify decision
that is based, in the final analysis, on a purely arbitrary decision on the
part of the court. Such an approach must be assiduously avoided, not least
because it is the very antithesis of the mission of the law itself (which is
to aid the court in arriving at a just and fair decision in accordance with
the objective application of the objective (and, of course, relevant) rules
and principles of law). Hence, whilst the facts of any given case _are_ of
fundamental importance (particularly in the context of the law relating to
income tax), they do _not_ operate _alone_. A decision by the court is the
product of an _integrated_ process in which the relevant _legal rules and
principles_ are _applied_ to the relevant _factual matrix_.

8 With these preliminary observations in mind, let us now turn to the facts as
well as issues in the present appeal.

The factual background

9 The taxpayer (“the Appellant”) was incorporated on 11 July 1996 to build and
operate a proprietary club (“the Club”). It acquired, for a total
consideration of $108,140,542, a 30-year lease of land from the State,
commencing on 18 October 1996. The Appellant built the Club building on the
land at the cost of $91,416,010. In November 1996, the Appellant initiated an
introductory launch to invite members of the public to join the club. Each new
member paid an entrance fee (payable in 36 monthly instalments) and undertook
to pay a monthly subscription fee upon the Club commencing its operations.
Membership of the Club entails a licence, for a period commencing from the
date the member joins the Club until October 2026, to use and enjoy the
facilities of the club. Between 30 November 1996 and 30 November 2000, the
Appellant received entrance fees amounting to $526,139,770. The Club began its
operations on 22 March 2000. The Appellant admitted too many members to the
Club and the facilities of the Club were overcrowded. This led a class of
members to institute a civil action against the Appellant. In 2005, the Court
of Appeal ordered the Appellant to pay damages of $3,000 to each of the
members who had participated in the civil action, being diminution in the
value of their memberships in the Club arising out of the Appellant’s breach
of its obligation to its members to provide a premier club. Subsequently, the
Appellant entered into a Scheme of Compromise and Arrangement (“the Scheme”),
sanctioned by the High Court, with the rest of the members of the Club to pay
$3,000 (partly in kind) to each member. The total amount to be paid to the
17,761 members (including those involved in the civil action) was $53,283,000.

10 This is an appeal against the decision of the Income Tax Board of Review
(“the Board”), on 16 June 2009, which dismissed the Appellant’s appeal against
the Comptroller of Income Tax’s decision to assess tax, for the Years of
Assessment 1998–2003, on the gross entrance fees of $526,139,770 received by
the Appellant, without deduction of: (a) the costs of acquiring the land and
constructing the Club building thereon amounting to a total of $199,556,552;
(b) geomancy fees of $2,338,750 incurred by the Appellant in 2002; and (c) the
total sum of $53,283,000 which the Appellant was obliged to pay to its members
in 2005, following the civil action referred to above.

The issues

11 The issues to be decided in the present appeal are as follows:

(a) Whether the profit from the entrance fees should be taxed in the year that
the fees were levied on each member or whether such profit should be taxed
equally over the period of club membership (_ie_ , 30 years);

(b) Whether the costs of acquiring the land and constructing the Club building
thereon, as well as the geomancy fees, are deductible from the gross entrance
fees received; and

(c) Whether the sum of $53,283,000, which the Appellant was obliged to pay to
the Club’s members following the civil action against it, is deductible in the
Year of Assessment 2001.

12 It should also be noted that the Appellant did not pursue the question as
to whether the Appellant is entitled to capital allowances pursuant to ss 19
and 19A of the Act and I therefore need say no more about it. Indeed, as
counsel for the Appellant, Mr Nand Singh Gandhi, admitted, pursuing this
question would have been an uphill task of the steepest order for the
Appellant; this is probably (if I may say so) an understatement of sorts.

The decision of the Board

13 The Board held that the entrance fees accrued as income and were thus
taxable under s 10(1) of the Act once each member was admitted to the Club
(see _ABD v Comptroller of Income Tax_ [2009] SGIBTR 3 (“the GD”) at
[15]–[17]). The Board referred to the decision of the Court of Appeal in
_Pinetree Resort Pte Ltd v Comptroller of Income Tax_ [2000] 4 SLR(R) 1 (“
_Pinetree_ ”) where the word “accrue” was interpreted (at [23]) to mean “to
which any person has become entitled” and observed that, in the present case,
the constitution of the Club with respect to fees was similar to that of the
club in _Pinetree_ ; hence, as a matter of law, the Appellant was legally
entitled to the entrance fees once the members were admitted to the Club.

14 On the issue of the deductibility of the costs of acquiring the land and
constructing the building, the Board held (see the GD at [21]) that these were
outgoings of a capital nature, incurred once and for all with a view to
bringing into existence an asset or advantage for the enduring benefit of the
trade, and were therefore not deductible for the purposes of ascertaining the
income brought to tax. The Board also held that the geomancy fees were a
capital expenditure and were therefore not deductible from the income of the
Appellant.

15 The Board held (see the GD at [34]) that, at the inception of the Club, it
could not be seriously contended that there was already an accrued liability
to the members who had yet to institute civil action against the Appellant.
The liability of the Appellant to pay damages to the Club’s members was not
absolute and could not be said to have accrued at the very inception of the
Club and its quantum ascertained subsequently, in the sense referred to in the
English Court of Appeal decision of _Bernhard v Gahan_ (1928) 13 TC 723 (“
_Bernhard_ ”), a case relied upon by the Appellant. The Board held (see the GD
at [37]) that to state that the Appellant’s liability to pay the sums of money
to the members had arisen from the inception of the Club would be a
significant stretch of logic and contrary to law.

Analysis and decision

The date of assessment of the entrance fees

Introduction

16 It is a well-established principle of tax law that neither profit nor loss
may be anticipated. Income accrues when a taxpayer becomes entitled to it (see
also above at [13]). It is also clear from the Rules and Regulations of the
Club (“Rules and Regulations”) that the Appellant has two streams of income
from its sale of memberships: (1) the entrance fees and (2) monthly
subscription fees, respectively. The issue in the present case is whether the
Appellant earned the entrance fees at the time the members were admitted to
membership or whether the entrance fees are earned, instead, over the course
of 30 years.

17 The Appellant submits that the profits from the entrance fees received
should be taxed over a period of 30 years, _ie_ , the duration of the
membership. It is the Appellant’s position that, being contractually bound to
deliver and maintain a premier club for the duration of its lease of 30 years,
the Appellant earned the entrance fees for the sale of its memberships over
the course of the term of the memberships. On the other hand, the Respondent
points to the fact that the memberships are transferable and argues that the
memberships sold are choses in action. The Respondent submits that the
entrance fees are therefore taxable in full in the years in which the members
were admitted to membership.

The relevant provision

18 Section 10(1)(_a_) of the Act states as follows:

(10) – (1) Income tax shall, subject to the provisions of this Act, be payable
at the rate or rates specified hereinafter for each Year of Assessment upon
the income of any person _accruing in or derived from_ Singapore or received
in Singapore from outside of Singapore in respect of –

(_a_) Gains or profits from any trade, business, profession or vocation, for
whatever period of time such trade, business, profession or vocation may have
been carried on or exercised …

[emphasis added]

The relevant case law

19 The case, which constituted the sheet anchor for this part of the
Appellant’s case, is the decision of the Singapore Income Tax Board of Review
in _MPD Pte Ltd v Comptroller of Income Tax_ (1998) MSTC 5249 (“ _MPD_ ”),
where the salient facts were as follows. The taxpayer in _MPD_ was a company
involved in the development of a private residential condominium estate. It
sold units of the condominium to purchasers. Under the contracts of sale, the
purchasers of the units were required to make progress payments at various
stages of construction. Under the Housing Developers (Project Account) Rules
1990 (“the HD(PA)R”), the proceeds of the instalment payments received were
paid into a Special Project Account (“SPA”) and any withdrawals had to be made
in accordance with the HD(PA)R. The taxpayer kept its books of accounts in
accordance with the percentage of completion method. This method matched the
costs incurred in reaching a particular stage of completion with progress
payments received at that particular point. It was held that the progress
payments in the SPA did not constitute income for tax purposes at the material
time as they were subject to a number of contingencies before the taxpayer
could be said to have earned them. The taxpayer was still under a contractual
obligation to complete the development and render title to the developers.
Further, the use of the progress payments in the SPA by the taxpayer was
severely limited due to statutory restrictions which effectively prevented the
taxpayer from appropriating the progress payments. The Board held that as the
taxpayer had effectively no control over the progress payments, it could not
be said to have earned those payments for income tax purposes.

20 _MPD_ is clearly distinguishable from the present case. In the present
case, the Appellant became legally entitled to the entrance fees once a member
was admitted to membership. This is apparent from the fact that, should the
Appellant allow a member to pay the entrance fees by monthly instalments, any
unpaid balance of the monthly instalments becomes immediately due and payable
if a member transfers his membership (see Rule 8.2 of the Rules and
Regulations), resigns his membership (see Rule 23 of the Rules and
Regulations), or if he is expelled from the Club (see Rule 25.2 of the Rules
and Regulations). Moreover, there appears to have been no restriction on the
right of the Appellant to deal with the entrance fees as it wished once they
were received.

21 The Appellant also refers to the decisions of _Arthur Murray (NSW) Pty Ltd
v Federal Commissioner of Taxation_ (1965) 114 CLR 314 (“ _Arthur Murray_ ”),
_Eckel v Board of Inland Revenue_ [1989] STC 305 (“ _Eckel_ ”), _CIR v Montana
Lands Ltd_ (1968) HKTC 334 (“ _Montana Lands_ ”) and _J P Hall & Co Ltd v
Inland Revenue Commissioners_ [1921] 3 KB 152 (“ _J P Hall_ ”) to support its
case. These cases all hold that income will only be taxed when the taxpayer
has earned it. However, the facts of these cases can be distinguished from
these in the present proceedings such that it cannot be said that the
Appellant in the present proceedings earned the entrance fees over a period of
30 years. Let me elaborate.

22 The High Court of Australia decision of _Arthur Murray_ concerned the
taxation of income earned through contracts for the provision of services. In
_Arthur Murray_ , it was held that fees received in advance for a course of
dancing lessons were not assessable income in the year of receipt. Although
there was no contractual right to refunds, the Judge referred (at 319) to the
“contingency that the whole or some part of [the fees] may have in effect to
be paid back, even if only as damages, should the agreed _quid pro quo_ not be
rendered in due course.” The court described (at 318) profits which constitute
income as:

… amounts which have not only been received but have “come home” to the
taxpayer; and that must surely involve, if the word “income” is to convey the
notion it expresses in the practical affairs of business life, not only that
the amounts received are unaffected by legal restrictions, as by reason of a
trust or charge in favour of the payer – not only that they have been received
beneficially – but that the situation has been reached in which they may
properly be counted as gains completely made, so that there is neither legal
nor business unsoundness in regarding them without qualification as income
derived.

23 Counsel for the Appellant, relying on that case, argued that the Appellant
had not earned the entrance fees in the years it became legally entitled to
receive such fees because the Appellant was contractually obliged to provide
the members with a premier club for 30 years. _Arthur Murray_ , however, can
be distinguished from the present case. Whilst _Arthur Murray_ involved the
taxation of fees received for a specified number of dancing lessons given over
a period of time such that the fees for each dance lesson were not taxed as
income until the lesson was actually given, the present case involves the
taxation of entrance fees received for the grant of membership to the Club.
Once membership is granted, the taxpayer has earned the entrance fees. The
monthly subscription fees are separately taxed upon receipt, throughout the
period of 30 years, as the income of the Appellant earned through its
management of the Club.

24 The cases of _Eckel_ , _Montana Lands_ and _J P Hall_ concern income earned
through contracts for the sale of goods. It is clear from the decisions in
those cases, as will be discussed below, that a taxpayer will only be deemed,
for tax purposes, to have earned his income when the goods which he has
contracted to sell are delivered to the buyer.

25 In the Privy Council decision (on appeal from the Court of Appeal of
Trinidad and Tobago) of _Eckel_ , the taxpayer had contracted to sell land in
1970 but was not assessed to tax in respect of any trading profit until 1973
and 1974 when she conveyed the land to the buyer. The Board, having examined
the cases of _J P Hall_ , _Johnson (Inspector of Taxes v W S Try Ltd_ (1946)
27 TC 167, and _IRC v Gardner Mountain and D’Ambrumenil Ltd_ (1947) 29 TC 69,
concluded (at 310) that:

It is clear from these authorities that money will only be treated as being
notionally in hand and hence as a trade debt when the trader has done all that
is required of him to earn it. Delivery of goods or completion of services to
be rendered are examples of events which may give rise to taxation in a fiscal
year in which they occur, albeit payment is not made until a subsequent year.
In the present case, their Lordships have no doubt that a stage comparable
neither to delivery of goods nor to completion of services had been reached on
26 September 1970.

The Board held that the fact that the taxpayer had no legal title to the land
and could not convey it in 1970, combined with the fact that her right to
receive payment of the purchase price was contingent on the company requesting
her to execute a prior conveyance, indicated that she had not done all that
was required of her to reap the profit of her venture when she executed the
contract in 1970.

26 In the Supreme Court of Hong Kong decision of _Montana Lands_ , the
taxpayer carried on the trade of constructing and selling flats on an
instalment basis. Completion did not take place until the final instalment was
paid although the purchaser was allowed to occupy the flat before completion.
The taxpayer was assessed to tax on unpaid instalments. The court held that
the unpaid instalments were not taxable as the profit on the transaction was
merely in the course of realisation until actual completion. The court noted
(at 188–189) that the purchaser of a flat does not contract for mere
possession or occupation but “for a title, in the form of a registrable deed
of assignment of the property agreed to be bought and sold”.

27 In the English Court of Appeal decision of _J P Hall_ , the company entered
into a contract to supply motor and motor gears over a period of time. The
Court of Appeal held that the profits were taxable as and when the goods were
delivered, and not when the contract was entered into.

28 From a review of the above cases, it appears that the stage at which a
taxpayer will be deemed to have done all that is required of it to earn the
income depends on the particular trade it is engaged in. Where it has
contracted to sell property (as in _MPD_ , _Eckel_ and _Montana Lands_), the
taxpayer will have earned the income when: it is able to convey the property
(_Eckel_); the purchaser of the property gets what he has contracted to buy
from the taxpayer (_Montana Lands_); and the taxpayer has control over the
purchase moneys received (_MPD_). Where the taxpayer has contracted to perform
services, it will have earned the income when it has performed the service
(_Arthur Murray_). When the taxpayer has contracted to supply goods, it will
have earned the income when he supplies the goods (_J P Hall_).

The time of accrual of the entrance fees

29 In the present case, the obligation of the Appellant, upon receipt of the
entrance fees, was merely to admit the payer of the entrance fees to
membership. The Appellant fulfilled this obligation when the liability of the
member to pay the entrance fees accrued. The entrance fees paid to the
Appellant can fairly be said to have “come home” to the Appellant upon the
grant of membership since the Appellant was legally entitled to the whole of
the entrance fees once the application for membership was approved.

30 The Respondent relied on the decision in _Pinetree_ to support its argument
that entrance fees are taxable in full at the time the taxpayer receives them.
In _Pinetree_ , the Court of Appeal (at [23]), when considering what was
labelled as an “initiation deposit” paid by a member of Pinetree Club upon
being admitted to membership, interpreted the word “accrue” in s 10(1) of the
Act to mean “to which any person has become entitled” (see also above at
[13]). Although the issue in _Pinetree_ was whether the initiation deposit was
a loan or income rather than whether the initiation deposit could be regarded
as income at the time of receipt, the court did consider the taxpayers’
argument that the initiation deposits should not be regarded as having accrued
to the taxpayer as they were subject to legal impediments. The taxpayers in
_Pinetree_ cited the case of _Arthur Murray_ in support of this proposition.
The court observed (at [43]) that, in the court below, Tan Lee Meng J had
distinguished _Arthur Murray_ from _Pinetree_ on the grounds that _Arthur
Murray_ concerned advance payments, which was unlike the circumstances in
_Pinetree_. The court proceeded to observe as follows (at [43]):

In our view, even where payments are subject to legal impediments, the cases
show that this factor is not conclusive of whether the payments could be
regarded as income. The courts clearly take into account other factors, in
particular, how the taxpaying companies deal with the moneys, in deciding the
matter. _Arthur Murray (NSW) Pty Ltd v FCT_ was thus not very helpful to the
appellants’ case.

The court dismissed (at [45]) the appellants’ claim that they had not
“received” the moneys in a true sense of the word as the members were free to
reclaim the initiation deposits on the ground that the appellants in
_Pinetree_ had been at liberty to use the moneys representing the initiation
deposits as they pleased. It is clear from the reasoning of the court that the
fact that the initiation deposits may have been forfeited at a later date did
not prevent them from constituting income at the time of receipt. Similarly,
in the present case, the fact that the Appellant might be liable to its
members in an action for breach of contract if the Appellant fails to provide
them with the use of a premier club for a duration of 30 years should not
prevent the entrance fees (received in consideration for the grant of
membership to the Club) from constituting income of the Appellant at the time
of receipt.

31 By way of a coda, it might be noted that the views of learned scholars add
further support to the conclusion that an entrance fee comprises only the
consideration for the ability to join a club and should be taxable at the time
it is incurred.

32 Ashton and Reid have commented as follows (see _Ashton and Reid on Club
Law_ (David Ashton and Paul Reid, Jordan Publishing Limited, 2005) (“ _Ashton
and Reid_ ”) at para 4-38):

Problems are sometimes encountered where the club has been dissolved and
recently joined members have complained that they are entitled to a refund in
whole or in part of the entrance fee in addition to the unexpired portion of
the subscription. We consider that no part of this fee is refundable as it
comprised the consideration for the ability to join the club in the first
place and is in no wise carried forward into the period of membership.

Although _Ashton and Reid_ recognised, by reference to the decision of
Lawrence J in the English High Court decision of _Re Curzon Syndicate Ltd_
[1920] LT Jo 232, that the point may not be free from doubt, they sought to
distinguish this decision on its facts. In _Re Curzon Syndicate Ltd_ , one of
the plaintiffs successfully claimed back her entrance fee in the liquidation
when the proprietary club closed down. The learned authors comment that
special circumstances may have applied in the said case. In particular, they
observed as follows (at para 4-38):

In 1917, Mrs H, who was the governing director of the company which owned the
club and who was personally the lessor of the club premises, posted in the
clubhouse a notice, in reply to a rumour that the club was going to close
down, stating that the club would be carried on permanently. On 25 March 1919,
Mrs H obtained judgment against the company for arrears of rent and on the
same day closed the club, with the notice still being in place. The law report
does not indicate the date when the plaintiff paid her entrance fee or the
date when she became a member, nor the basis of recovery of the entrance fee.
The judge may have come to the conclusion that with the notice still in place
for all to see, there was an implied term in the contract of membership that
the club would not shut down save on reasonable notice. That being so, the
company was in breach of the implied term by instant closure, and accordingly
the entrance fee was recoverable as an item of wasted expenditure.

33 J F Josling and Lionel Alexander, in _Law of Clubs_ (Longman, 6th Ed, 1987)
referred (at p 34) to the decision of Hawkins J in _Re Duty on the Estate of
the New University Club_ (1887) 18 QBD 720 where the nature of members’
subscriptions and entry fees to a members’ club was considered. Hawkins J
stated (at 727) that:

I am not prepared to say that the entrance fee and first year’s subscription
could be sued for at all, for an elected member has an option to accept or
refuse the membership offered him; but once fully admitted as a member, I see
no reason why he should not be bound to fulfil all the obligations imposed
upon him by the rules, to which he has given his submission as part of the
consideration for the benefits he has acquired a right, so long as he
continues a member, to enjoy.

_Josling and Alexander_ comment (at pp 34–35) that:

It may be deduced from his lordship’s conclusions that the application for
membership is simply a preliminary step. The offer is the election, and the
proposed member has an option to accept or refuse it. The acceptance which
completes the contract is the payment of the entry fee and first subscription
in accordance with the offer. Thus Hawkins J thought that the entrance fee and
first subscription could probably not, in ordinary cases, be sued for. Later
subscriptions – when full membership has begun – can be sued for …

34 In the present case, the entrance fees were paid in exchange for admittance
into membership of the Club. Although it is a term of the contract for the
grant of membership that the membership would last for 30 years, this merely
affects the characteristic of the membership granted. Just like those of the
proprietary club taxpayer in _HU v Comptroller of Income Tax_ [1999] SGITBR 1,
the memberships of the Club in the present case are transferable (see Rules
8.1 and 9.1 of the Rules and Regulations). In _HU v CIT_ , the Income Tax
Board of Review held (at [65]) that:

[We] are of the view that club membership is more than a mere personal right
to use the club facilities subject to club regulations. We agree with the
Respondent that club membership is a chose in action or some other form of
intangible property. We agree that membership in the Club must be more than a
mere personal right, if only because it is transferable.

I accept the Respondent’s submission that a membership of the Club is a chose
in action (although it does not confer any rights on the members to the assets
of the Club as such (see the analysis below at [83]–[87])). This chose in
action was granted to the members on the date that liability to pay the
entrance fees accrued. As such, the Appellant earned the full amount of the
entrance fees at that particular point in time.

35 The Appellant argues that if it is found, as the Respondent submits, that
the entrance fees accrued as income once the members were admitted to
membership, it must follow that the entire entrance fees received by the
Appellant was income of a certain Year of Assessment (1998) and not income of
the other years of assessment under appeal (_ie_ , 1999–2003) whenever the
instalment payments of the entrance fees were received. The Respondent
contends that this is a concessionary tax treatment that was eventually
granted to the Appellant. I find that the Respondent is entitled to allow this
concessionary tax treatment and this should not detract from the Respondent’s
legal right to tax the income once it accrues.

The deductibility of the expenses incurred

Introduction

36 We turn now to consider the issue as to whether or not the cost of
acquiring the land and of constructing the building constitute either capital
or revenue expenditure. If it is the former, then the expenditure would fall
within the ambit of s 15(1)(_c_) of the Act and, hence, _not_ amount to a
deductible expense.

37 However, although this issue may appear to be a simple one, nothing could
be further from the truth. As I observed in the Court of Appeal decision of
_Comptroller of Income Tax v IA_ [2006] 4 SLR(R) 161 (at [1]-[2] and
[65]-[66]):

1 It is a notorious and unfortunate fact that the distinction (in tax law)
between the concept of capital on the one hand and that of revenue on the
other is often elusive and even illusory. Even on the most promising of
occasions, there are tremendous difficulties of application. This case is,
unfortunately, no exception.

2 Indeed, it has often been stated that the difficulties referred to in the
preceding paragraph arise precisely because it is all an issue of application.
In other words, everything depends on the facts. This is true to some extent
but it is, in our view, too facile a position to take without more (see also
[65]–[66] below). The law must surely embody guiding principles that are both
its lifeblood and hence its essence. The difficulty in discovering and/or
stating these principles is no excuse for abandoning the search for them. The
law is not – and cannot be – a mere agglomeration of disparate facts lost in
the legal desert. To this end, we attempt, in the present proceedings, to both
search for as well as state the relevant legal principles that are rooted in
both logic as well as justice and fairness.

…

65 … [T]he distinction between capital and revenue has often been described as
being a factual inquiry. However, it will not do, in our view, to simply leave
it at that. It is an abdication of judicial responsibility to merely state
that “it all depends on the facts” when it is possible to furnish some further
(if only rough) guidelines. As Choo Han Teck J put it in the Singapore High
Court decision of Ngee Ann Development Pte Ltd v Nova Leisure Pte Ltd [2003]
SGHC 168 at [6]–[7]:

In construing a contractual document the only immutable principle is that the
court should extract such meaning from the words that the parties had chosen
to reflect their intention at the time of the contract. It is wrong to give to
the words a meaning that counsel thinks the words ought to mean, or even what
the court thinks they ought to mean. Semantic interpretation is very often a
very difficult exercise. What the words say and what the parties mean by the
words they say may not be the same thing. ... One great fundamental in the
application of the law is consistency because consistency is the alloy of
predictability. In this regard, the courts ought to consistently adopt the
approach that the meaning to be given to written words must first be that as
appears from the text. The context becomes an aide in interpretation only if
the words are vague or ambiguous, and only to the extent that a reasonable
application of the context would easily bring out the meaning intended by both
sides.

For the above reason the phrase ‘it all depends on the facts of the case’ can
so easily become the anthem of inconsistency. The phrase has such a magical
ring to it. It seems that whenever this incantation is made the court is at
liberty to do as it pleases – because ‘there is no case like the present’.
That is the temptation we must all resist. …

[emphasis added]

66 Although the words italicised in the above quotation were espoused in a
slightly different context, the general principle contained therein is germane
to the point we have made in the preceding paragraph. In the circumstances, we
proceed to attempt to furnish a couple of rough guidelines that are not only
of assistance to the present court but which may also be of some assistance to
courts in future cases relating to a similar type of transaction and/or set of
facts. …

[emphasis in original]

38 The observations just quoted emphasise a point made in the Introduction to
this judgment (at [7]) – that whilst the particular factual matrix in the case
is of special importance in the context of income tax, one cannot (and must
not) rely merely on the trite mantra that “It all depends on the facts”. The
applicable _legal rules and principles_ (which possess the requisite
_normative_ force that _justifies_ the decision arrived at by the court)
_must_ be _applied_ to _the facts_ at hand. That having been said, the
applicable legal rules and principles are – unfortunately – not a model of
precision, to say the least. Indeed, the courts have – over many years –
mooted _several_ tests which are supposed to aid the court in ascertaining
whether or not a specific item (or items) of expenditure are either capital or
revenue in nature. However, there is no clear guidance as to _which_ test
ought to prevail; indeed, as we shall see, some tests also appear to _overlap_
with each other. Further, the very _application_ of these principles in the
_actual cases_ themselves demonstrates that the tests concerned do not –
except in the clearest fact situations – yield close to determinate results;
more specifically, the presence of _dissenting judgments_ is a clear
indication in this particular regard. All this generates, with respect, more
legal heat than light. Hence, it is important to review the various tests
postulated before applying one of them (or a combination thereof) to the facts
of the present appeal. However, before proceeding to do so, it would be
apposite to set out the relevant provisions of the Act itself.

The relevant provisions

39 Section 14 of the Act provides for deductions against income. The provision
itself comprises, in fact, a number of categories of deductions (_viz_ ,
general, specific, special as well as further deductions, respectively; see
also generally _Halsbury’s Laws of Singapore_ at paras 205.089–205.092). For
the purposes of the present appeal, the relevant provision relates to general
deductions under s 14(1), the material part of which reads as follows:

14\. – (1) For the purposes of ascertaining the income of any person for any
period from any source chargeable with tax under this Act (referred to in this
Part as income), there shall be deducted all outgoings and expenses wholly and
exclusively incurred during that period by that person in the production of
the income …

40 _However_ , s 15 of the Act lists the types of deductions which are _not_
allowed (see also _Halsbury’s Laws of Singapore_ at para 205.089). In
particular, s 15(1)(_c_) (referred to above at [36]) is of crucial relevance
in the present appeal, and reads as follows:

15\. – (1) Notwithstanding the provisions of this Act, for the purposes of
ascertaining the income of any person, no deduction shall be allowed in
respect of –

(_c_) any capital withdrawn or any sum employed or intended to be employed as
capital except as provided in section 14(1)(_h_).

Section 14(1)(_h_) of the Act allows for the deduction of capital expenditure:

(_h_) where the income is derived from the working of a mine or other source
of mineral deposits of a wasting nature, such deductions in respect of capital
expenditure as may be prescribed in rules made under section 7.

In other words, the Act clearly prohibits the deduction of capital expenditure
except where s 14(1)(_h_) of the Act applies or where the deduction of such
expenditure is specifically provided for in the Act (see, in particular, s
14A–Q of the Act). In this regard, and as a matter of general principle, the
following observations by Sir Wilfrid Greene MR in the English Court of Appeal
decision of _Commissioners of Inland Revenue v British Salmson Aero Engines,
Limited_ [1938] 2 KB 482 (“ _British Salmson Aero Engines_ ”) (at 498) might
be usefully noted (see also the reference to the _Heasman Report_ above (at
[5])):

Income tax, as has been said over and over again, is a tax on income. It does
not tax capital. As the corollary to that, in ascertaining profits, payments
of a capital nature may not be deducted. It is income all the time which has
to be considered under the Income Tax Acts …

41 Hence, in so far as the present proceedings are concerned, in order for the
Appellant to be able to deduct the costs of acquiring the lease and
constructing the Club for tax purposes, such expenditure cannot be of a
capital nature.

42 This is an appropriate juncture to consider the various tests which are
supposed to aid the court in ascertaining whether or not a specific item (or
specific items) of expenditure are either capital or revenue in nature.

The tests considered

43 As already mentioned, there are a number of tests on offer, so to speak
(and for general overviews, see, for example, _Halsbury’s Laws of Singapore_
at paras 205.095–205.096; Pok Soy Yoong & Damian Hong Chin Fock, _Singapore
Taxation_ (2nd Ed, Butterworths, 1989) (“ _Singapore Taxation_ ”) at pp 88–91;
Peter G Whiteman, David Goy, Francis Sandison & Michael Sherry, _Whiteman on
Income Tax_ (Sweet & Maxwell, 3rd Ed, 1988) (“ _Whiteman_ ”) at paras
6-08-6.23 and (especially) 7-02-7-10 and Michael Sherry and Louise Rippon,
_Eighteenth Cumulative Supplement to the Third Edition of Whiteman on Income
Tax_ (Sweet & Maxwell, 2008) at paras 7-02–7-11; as well as _Revenue Law_ at
pp 444–446).

(1) The “once and for all” test

44 At this juncture, it should be noted that there was, _first_ , an early
test (popularly referred to as the “once and for all” test, which is contained
in the observations of Lord Dunedin in the Scottish Court of Session (First
Division) decision of _Vallambrosa Rubber Co Ltd v Farmer_ (1910) 5 TC 529 (“
_Vallambrosa_ ”), where it was observed (at 536) that “capital expenditure is
a thing that is going to be spent once for all, and income expenditure is a
thing that is going to recur every year”. However, this is a very broad test
and is (as we shall see) subsumed within a more comprehensive test (which is
considered next). Indeed, Lord Dunedin himself sounded a note of caution on
this particular test by way of the following prefatory remark, as follows (at
536):

Now, I don’t say that this consideration is absolutely final or determinative,
but in a rough way I think it is not a bad criterion of what is capital
expenditure as against what is income expenditure …

More importantly, in a case which embodies the next – and more comprehensive –
test, _viz_ , the House of Lords decision of _British Insulated and Helsby
Cables, Limited v Atherton_ [1926] AC 205 (“ _Atherton_ ”), Viscount Cave LC
expressed the view (at 213) that the test enunciated by Lord Dunedin in
_Vallambrosa_ “is not, and was obviously not intended by Lord Dunedin to be, a
decisive one in every case; for it is easy to imagine many cases in which a
payment, though made “once and for all”, would be properly chargeable against
the receipts for the year”. The learned law lord then proceeded to observe
thus (at 213):

Instances of such payments may be found in the gratuity of 1500l. paid to a
reporter on his retirement, which was the subject of the decision in _Smith_
v. _Incorporated Council of Law Reporting for England and Wales_[[1914] 3 KB
674], and in the expenditure of 4994l. in the purchase of an annuity for the
benefit of an actuary who had retired, which, in _Hancock_ v. _General
Reversionary and Investment Co_.[[1919] 1 KB 25], was allowed, and I think
rightly allowed, to be deducted from profits.

Most importantly, Viscount Cave LC then proceeded to enunciate what
constitutes the _next_ test – to which our attention must now turn.

(2) The “enduring benefit of the trade” test

45 The _second_ – and, arguably, most well-known as well as well-cited – test
is to be found in the judgment of Viscount Cave LC in _Atherton_. In that
decision, the learned law lord observed thus (at 213-214):

But when an expenditure is made, **_not only_** _once and for all_ , but _with
a view to bringing into existence and asset or an advantage_** _for the
enduring benefit of a trade_** , I think that there is very good reason (in
the absence of special circumstances leading to an opposite conclusion) for
treating such an expenditure as properly attributable not to revenue but to
_capital_. [emphasis added in italics and bold italics]

46 It is interesting to note that the actual decision in _Atherton_ itself was
_not_ a unanimous one (the House holding that the relevant expenditure was
capital in nature by a bare majority of three to two). In this case, the
appellant taxpayer (who was a manufacturer of insulated cables) had a
substantial complement of clerical and technical staff. In order to enhance
its business and stem the loss of experienced staff, it established a pension
fund for its clerical and technical staff. A sum was paid by the appellant
into this fund and the issue was whether or not such payment was an admissible
deduction in computing its profits for the purpose of assessment to income tax
in that particular financial year. The majority (comprising Viscount Cave LC,
Lord Atkinson and Lord Buckmaster) held that the payment was in the nature of
capital expenditure and was thus not an admissible deduction. Lord Carson and
Lord Blanesburgh disagreed. In particular, Viscount Cave LC was of the view
that, without the said payment, the pension fund might not have come into
existence at all. The learned law lord concluded (at 214) that:

The object and effect of the payment of this large sum was to enable the
company to establish a pension fund and to offer to all its existing and
future employees a sure provision for their old age, and so to obtain for the
company the substantial and lasting advantage of being in a position
throughout its business life to secure and retain the services of a contented
and efficient staff. I am satisfied on full consideration that the payment was
in the nature of capital expenditure …

However, Lord Carson expressed a different view altogether; the learned law
lord opined thus (at 225 and 226):

It is clear form the terms of the trust deed [establishing the pension fund] …
that in no sense was the sum an investment, that it would be eventually
exhausted in payment of the pensions, and that in the event of a winding up of
the company it could never form any part of the assets of the company. I
cannot, under these circumstances, conceive any system of commercial
accountancy under which this sum could ever appear in the capital accounts of
the company. Nor is it capital withdrawn from the business, as it was
admittedly paid out of the earnings of the year. … I can find no reason for
holding that a payment paid to make up the contribution to a sufficient sum to
enable the older servants of the company to enjoy the benefits of the pension
fund brings into existence an asset or an advantage for the enduring benefit
of trade and might therefore be attributed not to revenue but to capital.

And Lord Blanesburgh was of the view, _inter alia_ , that the payment
concerned was similar to an increased remuneration to the employees concerned.
The difference in result is, at bottom, a difference in the _characterisation_
of the facts. The majority of the House in this case viewed the payment
concerned as strengthening the core structure and business of the company, so
to speak, and was (looked at in that light) a capital expenditure, whereas the
minority was of the view that the payment concerned was merely a revenue
expense in relation to the payment of salaries. It cannot, in my view, be said
that one view is _clearly and definitively_ superior to the other, although
the majority view is helpful in so far as it accords some flexibility to the
manner in which a particular expenditure is analysed as being capital (as
opposed to being revenue) in nature.

47 Further, although _Atherton_ is considered a leading decision, it is by no
means a panacea. Not surprisingly, therefore, Lord Macmillan proffered the
following cautionary remarks in the House of Lords decision in _Van den
Berghs, Limited v Clark (Inspector of Taxes)_ [1935] AC 431 (“ _Van den
Berghs_ ”) (at 439):

This case [_Atherton_] has been generally recognized as the leading modern
authority on the subject, though I fear that Romer L.J. was unduly optimistic
when he said that it “placed beyond the realms of controversy” the law
applicable to the matter: _Anglo-Persian Oil Co_. v. _Dale_ [[1932] 1 KB 124
at 145].

48 Indeed, that part of Viscount Cave LC’s judgment referring to the
requirement of an “enduring benefit” (which is the key addition to the “once
and for all” test enunciated in _Vallambrosa_) gives rise to particular
difficulties as many types of expenditure may have an enduring effect but
nevertheless not be of a capital nature (see, for example, _per_ Lord Reid in
the House of Lords decision of _Commissioner of Inland Revenue v Carron
Company_ (1968) 45 TC 18, where the learned law lord observed (at 68) that
“money spent on income account, for example on durable repairs, may often
yield an enduring advantage” and that “[i]n a case of this kind what matters
is the nature of the advantage for which the money was spent”).

(3) The “fixed and circulating capital” test

49 The _third_ test centres on the distinction between _fixed and circulating
capital_. As Prof Tiley helpfully observes (_Revenue Law_ at p 445):

Expenditure on the fixed capital of a business is capital expenditure, not
revenue. Fixed capital is retained in the shape of assets which either produce
income without further action, eg shares held by an investment company, or are
made use of to produce income, eg machinery in a factory. Circulating capital
is that which the company intends should be used by being temporarily parted
with and circulated in the business only to return with, it is hoped, profit,
eg money spent on trading stock.

50 However, as the learned author then proceeded to – both pithily as well as
perceptively – observe (_Revenue Law_ at p 445):

The difficulty with this test is that it sometimes begs the very question at
issue.

51 I would tend to agree with the view just expressed (see also _Singapore
Taxation_ at p 90 (where the test is stated by the learned authors to be “of
limited usefulness only”) as well as _Whiteman_ at para 6-09 (where the
learned authors observe that “[t]his distinction however has its own problems,
as it is not possible to draw an exact line of demarcation between fixed and
circulating capital)). The distinction between fixed and circulating capital
does not, with respect, represent an advance – in _substance_ at least – over
the test in _Atherton_ and may even be said, in some cases at least, to (as
Prof Tiley has observed) assume the very thing (_viz_ , the distinction
between capital and revenue) that has to be proved. Indeed, in _Van den
Berghs_ , Lord Macmillan observed thus (at 443):

I have not overlooked the criterion afforded by the economists’
differentiation between fixed and circulating capital which Lord Haldane
invoked in _John Smith & Son_ v. _Moore_ [[1921] 2 AC 13] and on which the
Court of Appeal relied in the present case, _but I confess that I have not
found it very helpful. Circulating_ capital is capital which is turned over
and in the process of being turned over yields profit or loss. _Fixed_ capital
is not involved directly in that process, and remains unaffected by it.
[emphasis added]

52 This unfortunate result is, perhaps, not surprising. Absent the elaboration
that is to be found in cases such as _Atherton_ , there appears to be no real
guidance in this particular test. Indeed, it is suggested that the
_application_ of the test might – on occasion at least – compound the problem,
especially if the fact situation is a borderline or marginal one. That having
been said, there is nevertheless case law which has applied this test, the
seminal decision being that of the House of Lords in _John Smith and Son v
Moore_ [1921] 2 AC 13. In that case, Viscount Haldane observed thus (at
19–20):

My Lords, it is not necessary to draw an exact line of demarcation between
fixed and circulating capital. Since Adam Smith drew the distinction in the
Second Book of his Wealth of Nations, which appears in the chapter on the
Division of Stock, a distinction which has since become classical, economists
have never been able to define much more precisely what the line of
demarcation is. Adam Smith described fixed capital as what the owner turns to
profit by keeping it in his own possession, circulating capital as what he
makes profit of by parting with it and letting it change masters. The latter
capital circulates in this sense.

53 The test was also applied in the Australian Privy Council decision of _BP
Australia Ltd v Commissioner of Taxation of the Commonwealth of Australia_
[1966] 1 AC 224 (“ _BP Australia_ ”), where Lord Pearce, delivering the
judgment of the court, observed thus (at 265–266):

Fixed capital is prima facie that on which you look to get a return by your
trading operations. Circulating capital is that which comes back in your
trading operations.

Reference may also be made to _Atherton_ (at 234 and 236); the Privy Council
decision (on appeal from the Rhodesian Court of Appeal) of _British South
Africa Company v Commissioner of Income Tax_ [1946] AC 62 (“ _British South
Africa_ ”) at 80; and the Privy Council decision (on appeal from the Federal
Supreme Court of the Federation of Rhodesia and Nyasaland) of _Commissioner of
Taxes v Nchanga Consolidated Copper Mines Ltd_ [1964] AC 948 (“ _Nchanga_ ”)
at 960.

54 Interestingly, though, Rowlatt J did, in the English High Court decision of
_Anglo-Persian Oil Company, Limited v Dale (HM Inspector of Taxes)_ (1931) 16
TC 253 (affirmed by the Court of Appeal and reported in the same citation as
well at [1932] 1 KB 124), when referring to the “enduring benefit of the
trade” test embodied within the judgment of Viscount Cave LC in _Atherton_
(above at [45]), observe (at 262) that “[w]hat Lord Cave is quite clearly
speaking of is a benefit which endures, in the way that _fixed capital_
endures; not a benefit that endures in the sense that for a good number of
years it relieves you of a revenue payment” [emphasis added]. Although the
learned judge did not expressly equate the “enduring benefit of the trade”
test with the present test (which draws a distinction between fixed and
circulating capital), it is suggested that there is clearly an overlap and,
having regard to the analysis I have proffered above, perhaps even a
_complete_ overlap (_viz_ , _equivalence_) between both tests.

(4) The “identifiable asset” test

55 The _fourth_ test is the “identifiable asset” test, which was described by
Lord Wilberforce in the leading House of Lords decision of _Tucker (Inspector
of Taxes) v Granada Motorway Services Ltd_ [1979] 1 WLR 683 (“ _Tucker_ ”) as
follows (at 686):

I think that the key to the present case is to be found in those cases which
have sought _to identify an asset. In them it seems reasonably logical to
start with the assumption that money spent on the acquisition of the asset
should be regarded as capital expenditure_. Extensions from this are, first,
to regard money spent on getting rid of a disadvantageous asset as capital
expenditure and, secondly, to regard money spent on improving the asset, or
making it more advantageous, as capital expenditure. In the latter type of
case it will have to be considered whether the expenditure has the result
stated or whether it should be regarded as expenditure on maintenance or
upkeep, and some cases may pose difficult problems. [emphasis added]

56 However, this particular test may not be as useful as it appears at first
blush – save for the assumption that money spent on the acquisition of an
asset should be regarded (in the first instance at least) as capital
expenditure. However, even this assumption does not do away with the need for
the court concerned to scrutinise the relevant factual matrix closely in any
event. Further, this particular test appears simply to be another way of
expressing the “enduring benefit of the trade” test in _Atherton_ (see above
at [45]) inasmuch as Lord Wilberforce proceeds, in _Tucker_ , immediately to
refer to the proposition laid down by Viscount Cave LC in _Atherton_ (see at
686). Finally, the learned law lord himself, whilst arguing that the test
should be maintained, nevertheless introduced the following qualification (at
687):

The [“identifiable asset”] test may be to some extent arbitrary, but it
provides a means which the courts can understand for distinguishing capital
and income expenditure and I think that we would be wise to maintain it.

As an interesting coda of sorts, it should be noted that Lord Salmon dissented
on the facts of _Tucker_ itself.

(5) What is the present position?

(a) Commonsense and Uncertainty

57 What are we to make of the various tests? Unfortunately, the legal
prognosis – as demonstrated in the case law – is far from “healthy”. For
example, that very experienced tax judge, Rowlatt J, observed, in the English
High Court decision of _Countess Warwick Steamship Company, Limited v Ogg
(Inspector of Taxes)_ [1924] 2 KB 292 at 298, as follows:

It is very difficult, as I have observed in previous cases of this kind,
following the highest authority, to lay down any general rule which is both
sufficiently accurate and sufficiently exhaustive to cover all or even a great
number of the possible cases, and I shall not attempt to lay down any such
rule.

58 And, not many years later, Sir Wilfrid Greene MR observed, in _British
Salmson Aero Engines_ , thus (at 498):

There were in 1925, and there have been since, many cases where this matter of
capital or income has been debated. T _here have been many cases which fall on
the border-line. Indeed, in many cases it is almost true to say that the spin
of a coin would decide the matter almost as satisfactorily as an attempt to
find reasons. But that class of question is a notorious one, and has been so
for many years_. [emphasis added]

59 This somewhat nebulous position has – unfortunately – not improved with the
passage of time. In _BP Australia_ , for example, Lord Pearce observed thus
(at 264–265):

_The solution to the problem is not to be found by any rigid test or
description. It has to be derived from many aspects of the whole set of
circumstances some of which may point in one direction, some in the other. One
consideration may point so clearly that it dominates other and vaguer
indications in the contrary direction_. **_It is a commonsense appreciation of
all the guiding features which must provide the ultimate answer_**. Although
the categories of capital and income expenditure are distinct and easily
ascertainable in obvious cases that lie far from the boundary, the line of
distinction is often hard to draw in border line cases; and conflicting
considerations may produce a situation where the answer turns on questions of
emphasis and degree. That answer:

“depends on what the expenditure is calculated to effect from a practical and
business point of view rather than upon the juristic classification of the
legal rights, if any, secured employed or exhausted in the process”:

per Dixon J. in _Hallstroms Pty. Ltd. v. Federal Commissioner of Taxation_
[(1946) 72 CLR 634 at 648]. _As each new case comes to be argued felicitous
phrases from earlier judgments are used in argument by one side and the other.
But those phrases are not the deciding factor, nor are they of unlimited
application. They merely crystallise particular factors which may incline the
scale in a particular case after a balance of all the considerations has been
taken_.

One may approach the problem by considering the first of the matters mentioned
by Dixon J. above, namely the character of the advantage sought, and in this
both its lasting qualities and the fact of recurrence may play their parts.
Under this head one might also take account of the nature of the need or
occasion which calls for the expenditure: Dixon J. in _Hallstrom’s_ case.

[emphasis added in italics and bold italics]

It may be worthy to note that another decision (of the House of Lords) was
also handed down the same day as the decision in _BP Australia_ , _viz_ ,
_Regent Oil Co Ltd v Strick (HM Inspector of Taxes)_ [1966] AC 295 (“ _Strick_
”). They were – in Brightman J’s words in the English High Court decision of
_ECC Quarries Ltd v Watkis (HM Inspector of Taxes)_ [1977] 1 WLR 1386 (at
1396) – “comparable cases of petrol station ties”. However, the actual results
arrived at in both decisions were quite different inasmuch as the court in _BP
Australia_ held that the expenditure concerned was revenue in nature, whereas
the court in _Strick_ held that the expenditure in that particular case was
capital in nature (see also _Whiteman_ at paras 7-07-7-09). Indeed, as we have
seen, there can be differing views even _within_ the same case (see, for
example, the decision in _Atherton_ , referred to above (at [46])). It is true
that one can explain such differences in result by referring to the different
_fact situations_. _However_ , the dangers of _unnecessary_ uncertainty can,
it is suggested, be at least reduced if more specific legal rules and
principles are formulated – as opposed to relying merely on commonsense. In
fairness, Lord Pearce may be said (in _BP Australia_) to have been concerned
more with the use of commonsense in the _application_ of the legal rules and
principles to the facts of the case rather than relying on commonsense _per
se_ as the guiding normative principle. Indeed, in _Strick_ itself, Lord Reid
also observed thus (at 313):

[I]t is not surprising that no one test or principle or rule of thumb is
paramount. The question is ultimately a question of law for the Court, _but it
is a question which must be answered in light of all the circumstances which
it is reasonable to take into account_ , and the weight which must be given to
a particular circumstance in a particular case must depend rather on common
sense than on a strict application of any single legal principle. [emphasis
added]

60 And, in _Tucker_ , Lord Wilberforce was (at 686) of the view that:

It is common in cases which raise the question whether a payment is to be
treated as a revenue or as a capital payment for indicia to point different
ways. _In the end the courts can do little better than form an opinion which
way the balance lies_. There are a number of tests which have been stated in
reported cases which it is useful to apply, but we have been warned more than
once not to seek automatically to apply to one case words or formulae which
have been found useful in another … Nevertheless reported cases are the best
tools that we have, even if they may sometimes be blunt instruments. [emphasis
added]

61 Turning to an even more recent decision, that of the English High Court in
_Vodafone Cellular Ltd v Shaw (HM Inspector of Taxes)_ (1997) 69 TC 376, the
overall situation appears to be the same. In that case, Jacob J (citing
observations made by Lord Reid in _Strick_ and by Lord Wilberforce in _Tucker_
(see also above at [59] and [60], respectively)) observed (at 425) that:

_One of the troubles with all the tests propounded by the courts is that they
are necessarily imprecise_. Given that any expenditure has to be put in a box
labelled “revenue” or “capital” there is an obvious difficulty in forcing many
kinds of expenditure having some of the characteristics of both into one box
or the other. Counsel on both sides used the expression “capital feel” or
“revenue feel” about items under discussion. _Even though it is a question of
law, there is a measure of gut reaction about the decision_. [emphasis added]

And, at the Court of Appeal stage (reported under the same citation), Millett
LJ observed thus (at 433):

_There is no single test or infallible criterion for distinguishing between
capital and revenue payments_ … On the contrary, there are _many factors which
tend in one direction or the other, some of which are more relevant in some
situations and some in others_. Some factors are particularly relevant when
the question arises on an acquisition and others are of particular relevance
when the question arises on a disposal, as it does in the present case.

_Two matters are of particular importance: the nature of the payment; and the
nature of the advantage obtained by the payment_. The fact that the payment is
a lump sum payment is relevant but not determinative. In a case such as the
present, where the payment is made in order to get rid of a liability, a
useful starting point is to inquire into the nature of the liability which is
brought to an end by the payment. Where a lump sum payment is made in order to
commute or extinguish a contractual obligation to make recurring revenue
payments then the payment is _prima facie_ a revenue payment.

[emphasis added]

All this is reminiscent of Lord Denning MR’s own observations in the earlier
English Court of Appeal decision of _Heather (HM Inspector of Taxes) v P-E
Consulting Group Ltd_ [1973] Ch 189 (“ _Heather_ ”), where the learned Master
of the Rolls observed thus (at 216):

The question—revenue expenditure or capital expenditure—is a question which is
being repeatedly asked by men of business, by accountants and by lawyers. In
many cases the answer is easy: but in others it is difficult. The difficulty
arises because of the nature of the question. It assumes that all expenditure
can be put correctly into one category or the other. But this is simply not
possible. Some cases lie on the border between the two, and this border is not
a line clearly marked out. It is a blurred and undefined area in which anyone
can get lost. Different minds may come to different conclusions with equal
propriety. It is like the border between day and night, or between red and
orange. Everyone can tell the difference except in the marginal cases, and
then everyone is in doubt. Each can come down either way. When these marginal
cases arise, then the practitioners, be they accountants or lawyers, must of
necessity put them into one category or the other: and then, by custom or by
law, by practice or by precept, the border is staked out with more certainty.
In this area, at least, where no decision can be said to be right or wrong,
the only safe rule is to go by precedent. So the thing to do is to search
through the cases and see whether the instant problem has come up before. If
so, go by it. If not, go by the nearest you can find.

62 At this juncture, we are, I would suggest, dangerously close to moving (or
even careening dangerously) down that slippery slope which I cautioned that we
should avoid, _viz_ , that “It all depends on the facts” (see also above at
[7] and [38]). Is it possible, in the circumstances, to arrive at _a composite
(albeit integrated) test_ of sorts? In this regard, I am fortified by the
optimism demonstrated in the following observations of Dixon J in the High
Court of Australia decision of _Hallstroms Proprietary Limited v The Federal
Commissioner of Taxation_ (1946) 72 CLR 634 (“ _Hallstroms_ ”) (at 646):

_For myself, however, I am not prepared to concede that the distinction
between an expenditure on account of revenue and an outgoing of a capital
nature is so indefinite and uncertain as to remove the matter from the
operation of reason and place it exclusively within that of chance, or that
the discrimen is so unascertainable that it must be placed in the category of
an unformulated question of fact_. The truth is that, in excluding as
deductions losses and outgoings of capital or of a capital nature, the income
tax law took for its purposes a very general conception of accountancy,
perhaps of economics, and left the particular application to be worked out, a
thing which it thus became the business of the courts of law to do. The courts
have proceeded with the task without, it is true, any very conspicuous attempt
at analysis, but rather in the traditional way of stating what positive factor
or factors in each given case led to a decision assigning the expenditure to
capital or to income as the case might be. It is one thing to say that the
presence among the circumstances of a case of a particular factor places the
case within a specific legal category. It is another thing to infer that the
absence of the same factor from some other case necessarily places that case
outside the category and gives it an opposite description. But towards that
kind of fallacy human reasoning constantly tends, and the decisions upon
matters of capital and income contain much reasoning that is quite human.
[emphasis added]

63 All this is not to state that commonsense ought to be avoided. Far from it.
However, a _balanced_ approach is required. As Megarry J observed in the
English High Court decision of _Simpson v Jones (Inspector of Taxes)_ [1968] 1
WLR 1066 (“ _Simpson_ ”) (at 1074–1075):

In thickets so dense and statute-laden as the law of income tax, common sense
is, I suppose, a frail guide. Certainly it cannot become the master, for then
it would usurp the function of the Statute Book. But in territory which
remains unoccupied by either statute law or case law, I do not see why common
sense should be abjured.

64 I should also observe that I am _unable_ to endorse _fully_ the following
observations by Viscount Radcliffe, delivering the judgment of the court in
the Privy Council decision in _Nchanga_ , where the learned law lord was (at
959) of the following view:

Nevertheless, it has to be remembered that all these phrases, as, for
instance, “enduring benefit” or “capital structure” are _essentially
descriptive rather than definitive_ , and, as each new case arises for
adjudication and it is sought to reason by analogy from its facts to those of
one previously decided, a court's primary duty is to inquire how far a
description that was both relevant and significant in one set of circumstances
is either significant or relevant in those which are presently before it.
[emphasis added]

Whilst I agree – to a large extent – with the learned law lord’s observations,
to the extent that he views the various _legal_ criteria as having merely
_descriptive_ (as opposed to _normative_) force, I must beg to differ. By
_definition and inherent nature_ , every _legal_ rule or principle must
_necessarily_ have _normative_ force if it is to _be_ a “ _legal_ ” rule or
principle that is, by definition, potentially applicable in a _general_ manner
to all _future_ fact situations as well. However, I do agree with Viscount
Radcliffe that the various formulations in the various tests are by no means
“definitive”. Nevertheless, consistent with the positive spirit expressed by
Dixon J in _Hallstroms_ (above at [62]), I shall endeavour to lay down what
appear to me to be helpful _legal_ principles that can aid the court in
ascertaining whether a particular expenditure is either capital or revenue in
nature. Whilst they should obviously be viewed as mere guidelines, I have
endeavoured to state them as _a related series of propositions, proceeding
from the first (which is general) to the second (which comprises particular
guidelines)_. The more particular or specific guidelines in the latter are
intended to _elaborate upon_ the general proposition (which comprises the
former). It is also important to view the various guidelines in the various
tests as the “bridge” or “link” between theory and practice. In particular,
the guidelines – being more _specific and particular_ by nature – assist
courts in focusing on the _precise facts_ in the case at hand. It is important
to note that they _do_ possess _normative_ force (see above at [38]), although
they are _more specific_ than the (_general_) proposition embodied in the
first proposition (below at [71]).

65 However, I should add that there is nothing new in so far as _content_ is
concerned. It is, rather, an attempt to consolidate the various tests into _a
composite and integrated whole_. That such consolidation is necessary is
evident, it is suggested, from _the very relationships amongst the various
tests themselves_. Let me elaborate.

66 First, as we have already seen above (at [44]), the “once and for all” test
has been _subsumed within_ the “enduring benefit of the trade” test.

67 Secondly, as we have also seen above (at [54]), there is an overlap (or
even complete coincidence or equivalence) between the “enduring benefit of the
trade” test and the “fixed capital and circulating capital” test.

68 Thirdly, we have also seen above (at [56]) that there is a possible overlap
(or even complete coincidence or equivalence) between the “enduring benefit of
the trade” test and the “identifiable asset” test.

69 In the circumstances, it would appear that the “enduring benefit of the
trade” test (enunciated by Viscount Cave LC in _Atherton_ (see above at [45]))
is, despite its weaknesses (see above at [48]), probably still – in substance
at least – the main test.

70 With these preliminary observations in mind, let us gather the various
threads together and attempt to set out a composite and integrated approach
(comprising the two related propositions – one general, the other specific –
which I have already alluded to above).

(b) Gathering The Threads Together – A Proposed Composite And Integrated
Approach

(I) The First Principle (General)

71 _First_ , the court must, as a matter of general principle, look closely at
the _purpose_ of the expenditure and ascertain whether or not such expenditure
either _created a new asset or opened new fields of trading not hitherto
available to the taxpayer_ (and see _per_ Lord Reid in _Carron_ (at 68)) – in
which case the expenditure concerned would be capital (and not revenue) in
nature. In the _former_ respect, I would think that an expenditure which
_strengthens_ an _existing asset_ would also be one that is capital in nature.
The _latter_ aspect (_viz_ , the opening of new fields of trading not hitherto
available to the taxpayer) may – on one view at least – be viewed as _a more
specific example of the former in so far as a new field of trading may be
viewed (in substance, if not also form) as a new asset which inures to the
benefit of the taxpayer_. A similar – and helpful \- idea as well as approach
is contained within the following passages from _Whiteman_ (at para 6-09
(although dealing with the distinction between revenue and capital _receipts_
, the _general_ principles apply equally (as the authors themselves quite
correctly acknowledge) to the distinction between revenue and capital
_expenditure_ as well (see _Whiteman_ at para 7-02)):

The first test for distinguishing between revenue and capital receipts
requires transactions relating to _assets which form part of the permanent
structure of the business and are the means whereby profits are earned_ , to
be _contrasted with_ transactions relating to _the subject-matter of the
trade_. Profits of the _former type_ are _not_ chargeable to income tax,
whilst those of the latter type are. [emphasis added]

72 It is, I would observe, at this particular juncture, that we find the
(albeit general) confluence between law and fact, between general rule (as
well as principle) and the particular facts. However, how, it might be asked,
is one to ascertain whether or not an expenditure has created a new asset (or
strengthened) an existing asset, or opened new fields of trading not hitherto
available? This is a highly relevant (as well as significant) question, and
brings us to a second (and more specific, albeit closely related) proposition
(which effects, as we shall see, a specific and complete (or bridging)
confluence) between the general rule (as well as principle) and the particular
facts in the case concerned.

(II) The Second Principle (Comprising Specific Guidelines)

73 _Secondly_ , whether or not an expenditure has created (or strengthened an
existing asset), or created a new field of trading not hitherto available to
the taxpayer, would lead us back to the various tests. In this regard, we have
seen that we are, in the main, brought back (see above at [66]-[69]) to the
“enduring benefit of the trade” test embodied in the proposition by Viscount
Cave LC in _Atherton_ (above at [45]). In addition to that test, the following
observations by Viscount Radcliffe in _Nchanga_ (at 960) seem to me to
constitute a cogent as well as practical approach (see also the endorsement by
Lord Upjohn in _Strick_ (at 343)):

Again, courts have stressed the importance of observing a _demarcation between
the cost of creating, acquiring or enlarging the permanent (which does not
mean perpetual) structure of which the income is to be the produce or fruit
and the cost of earning that income itself or performing the income-earning
operations. Probably this is as illuminating a line of distinction as the law
by itself is likely to achieve_ , but the reality of the distinction, it must
be admitted, does not become the easier to maintain as tea systems in
different countries allow more and more kinds of capital expenditure to be
charged against profits by way of allowances for depreciation, and by so doing
recognise that at any rate the exhaustion of fixed capital is an operating
cost. Even so, the functions of business are capable of great complexity and
the line of demarcation is sometimes difficult indeed to draw and leads to
distinctions of some subtlety between profit that is made “out of” assets and
profit that is made “upon” assets or “with” assets. It does not settle the
question, for instance, to say merely that an expenditure has been made to
acquire a “source of income,” as the appellant says here, unless one is clear
that some forms of circulating capital itself, e.g., labour, raw material,
stock-in-trade, are not themselves to be regarded as such a source. [emphasis
added]

One other set of observations which are, in my view, also of cogent as well as
practical assistance is to be found in the judgment of Dixon J in the High
Court of Australia decision of _Sun Newspapers Limited v The Federal
Commissioner of Taxation_ (1938) 61 CLR 337 (“ _Sun Newspapers_ ”), as follows
(at 636):

Again, the cases which distinguish between capital sums payable by instalments
and periodical payments analogous to rent payable on revenue account
illustrate the fact that rights and advantages of the same duration and nature
may be the subject of recurrent payments which are referable to capital
expenditure or income expenditure according to the true character of the
consideration given, that is, whether on the one hand it is a capitalized sum
payable by deferred instalments or on the other hire or rent accruing _de die
in diem_ , or at other intervals, for the use of the thing: Compare _Ogden_ v.
_Medway Cinemas Ltd_. [(1934) 18 TC 691] with _Inland Revenue Commissioners_
v. _Adam_ [(1928) 14 TC 34] and _Green_ v. _Favourite Cinemas Ltd_. [(1930) 15
TC 390].

There are, I think, **_three matters_** to be considered, **_(a) the character
of the advantage sought, and in this its lasting qualities may play a part,
(b) the manner in which it is to be used, relied upon or enjoyed, and in this
and under the former head recurrence may play its part, and (c) the means
adopted to obtain it; that is, by providing a periodical reward or outlay to
cover its use or enjoyment for periods commensurate with the payment or by
making a final provision or payment so as to secure future use or
enjoyment_**.

[emphasis added in bold italics]

The guidelines set out in the preceding quotation are of particular
significance as well as utility because Dixon J attempts to consolidate as
well as integrate the tests and guidelines that had been set out in the prior
precedents. This is precisely the ideal which I have already referred to above
(at [64]). Indeed, Lord Upjohn referred to the judgment of Dixon J in _Sun
Newspapers_ as containing “very useful observations” (see _Strick_ (at 343))
and Lord Wilberforce referred to it a “classic judgment” (see _Strick_ (at
347)). Further, the learned authors of _Whiteman_ were “of the opinion that as
valuable a guide as any in distinguishing between capital and revenue
expenditure is to be found in the classic judgment of Dixon J. in _Sun
Newspapers Ltd. v. Federal Commissioner of Taxation_ ” (see _Whiteman_ at para
7-06). Finally, in his very comprehensive and erudite biography, Prof Philip
Ayres observed that “the most important common-law judgment [Dixon J] wrote in
the late 1930s was that for a revenue case, _Sun Newspapers Ltd_ , the first
of several in which he analysed in a fresh way the concepts of capital and
revenue in relation to deductible outgoings, the analysis extending to capital
and income in relation to assessable income” (see Philip Ayres, _Owen Dixon_
(The Miegunyah Press, 2003) at p 93). The learned author also observed (at p
94) that “in writing his judgment, Dixon, unlike his brother judges, had
developed the law”.

74 More specifically, the authors of a leading textbook have proffered – in
the context of receipts (which would, in my view, be applicable as a matter of
general principle to expenditure as well) – “five basic propositions which
they consider emerge from the cases on the capital/revenue receipt question”,
as follows (see _Whiteman_ at para 6-11):

1.Payments for the sale of the assets of a business are prima facie capital
receipts.

2.Payments received for the destruction of the recipient’s profit-making
apparatus are receipts of a capital nature.

3.Payments in lieu of trading receipts are of a revenue character.

4.Payments made in return for the imposition of _substantial_ restrictions on
the activities of a trader are on capital account.

5.Payments of a recurrent nature are more likely to be treated as revenue
receipts.

[emphasis in original]

75 Taking into account the various propositions as well as observations set
out in the preceding two paragraphs, the position (_vis-à-vis_ the _second_
proposition) may (at least tentatively) be _summarised_ as follows:

(a) In ascertaining whether or not the expenditure relates to the creation of
a new asset or new field of trading (or the strengthening thereof), the
_purpose_ of the expenditure must be ascertained; in particular, the court
should have regard to the following guidelines (bearing in mind that the
categories of guidelines are not closed):

(i) The _manner_ of the expenditure, in particular, whether the expenditure
was a one-time expenditure or a recurrent expenditure. Although this is not
conclusive in and of itself, a one-time expenditure would tend to suggest that
that expenditure is capital in nature.

(ii) The _consequence or result_ of the expenditure. In particular, if the
expenditure results in either the strengthening of the existing core business
structure of the taxpayer or adds to that structure, it is more likely to be
capital in nature. In this regard, the concept of a “core business structure”
may be seen as comprising _the permanent (albeit not necessarily perpetual)
structure of the taxpayer’s business which_ is _utilised for the generation of
profits_ and is (to that extent) to be viewed as constituting the _(permanent)
assets_ of the business itself (an oft-used analogy in this regard is the
distinction between the tree (which is the source of the fruit) and the fruit
itself). _However_ , where the “assets” are _themselves the stock-in-trade_ of
the business, expenditure in relation to such “assets” is more likely to be
revenue in nature.

(b) In applying the various guidelines set out above (as well as any other
specific (and applicable) guidelines to be found in the case law generally),
the _specific facts_ are obviously of the first importance. However, the facts
– in and of themselves – have no normative force and therefore cannot be the
justification (in and of themselves) for the decision arrived at by the court
because to do so would be, in effect, to hoist oneself by one’s own legal
petard. As noted in the introduction (above at [7]), the categorisation of an
expenditure as being of capital or income nature cannot rest simply on the
court’s appraisal of the facts. Whilst different factors may be relevant in
each case to the determination of the nature of the expenditure in light of
all the circumstances of that case, the underlying principle is that for the
expenditure to be of a capital nature, the _first principle_ (as detailed
above at [71]-[72]), _viz_ , that the expenditure must have either created a
new asset or opened new fields of trading not hitherto available to the
taxpayer, must be complied with. The guidelines laid down at (a) above are
useful factors to be considered in the analysis of whether the expenditure in
a particular case complies with this principle although the weight of each
factor depends upon the nature of the expenditure. Moreover, previous
decisions of the courts provide guidance as to the factors which may point
towards an income or capital expenditure in each unique set of circumstances,
particularly where the facts of the case at hand are analogous to those in a
previous decision.

76 Let us turn now to apply the various tests in general and the approach just
proposed in particular to the facts of the present appeal.

Application of the tests and proposed approach to the facts of the present
appeal

(1) The deductibility of the costs of acquiring the land and constructing the
building

77 It is important, first, to set out the precise factual matrix. As already
mentioned, the Appellant was incorporated in order to build and operate the
Club. Hence, it was imperative that the Appellant acquire the land as well as
construct the requisite building in order to furnish the basic (and permanent)
infrastructure without which the Club could not even begin to operate in the
first instance. Indeed, the _raison d’être_ of the Club was to provide its
members with the promised facilities and such facilities required a land and a
building to begin with. The land and building themselves represent _assets as
well as (as just mentioned) basic (and permanent) infrastructure_ which
belonged to the Appellant and did not comprise stock-in-trade which the
Appellant dealt with in the course of its business (which was, as also just
mentioned, to provide the promised _facilities_ to its members instead).

78 It is also important to note, at this juncture, that it would appear that
the acquisition of land or any interest in land would point very strongly to a
_capital_ – as opposed to a revenue – expenditure (see also _Strick_ at 336,
_per_ Lord Pearce). Indeed, in _Strick_ itself, Lord Upjohn opined thus (at
341):

My Lords, _in the field of real property in relation to taxation certain
matters are so fundamental as now to be axiomatic. Thus, in cases other than
those where a man is a property dealer so that property is his stock-in-trade
it is quite clear that the purchase of a fee simple for a purchase price by a
trader is the acquisition of property for the purposes of trade and the
purchase cannot be regarded as a cost of carrying on the trade, it is
therefore capital_. This is so though the trader may desire to acquire the
property for the purpose of providing himself with circulating capital by
mining operations on the property acquired, even if he is intending to acquire
the property only for a short time … Exactly the same principle applies if the
purchase price is payable by instalments spread over a period; it is a capital
payment. [emphasis added]

79 The underlying rationale for the view expressed in the preceding paragraph
is both logical as well as commonsensical. It stems not simply from an
irrational fixation with real property. In other words, it is not rooted in
the concept of physicality but is, rather, related to the concept of the
acquisition of a real asset (to which the physical attributes merely serve to
drive home the point).

80 Turning to the various guidelines (particularly those contained in the
second principle set out above (see especially at [75]), it is clear that the
purchase of the land as well as the construction of the building by the
Appellant is a _one-time_ expenditure. More importantly, as already pointed
out, the _result_ of such expenditure is the acquisition of an asset which
simultaneously constitutes the permanent (albeit not perpetual) structure of
the Appellant’s business of furnishing facilities to its members. That the
asset is not perpetual is clear since the lease is for 30 years, although that
is not (as we have just noted) a critical factor since permanence is not to be
equated with perpetuity. Moreover, the asset is lasting insofar as it lasts
throughout the duration of the trade and is not extinguished or diminished by
each trading transaction.

81 Indeed, despite potential difficulties that arise with regard to fact
situations (especially in the context of tax), this is (as I have detailed
above) a very clear case.

82 However, perhaps recognising this, counsel for the Appellant, Mr Gandhi,
sought to argue along a completely different tack, commencing from the fact
that the lease was in fact for a fixed term of 30 years. In this regard, the
sheet anchor of his case in terms of the case law was the Privy Council
decision in _British South Africa_. In particular, Mr Gandhi argued that the
Appellant had, in economic substance, “sold” the entire assets of the Club
(_including the land and the building_) _to its members_ , especially if one
has regard to the fact that the lease is for a fixed period of 30 years. The
argument is an ingenious one but is – to put it mildly - rather radical in the
light of the conventional view that has been adopted _vis-à-vis_ land and
buildings (as briefly set out above). More importantly, it is an argument
which does not, with respect, comport with what was the true bargain between
the Appellant on the one hand and each of its members on the other. Let me
elaborate.

83 The essence of the transaction between the Appellant and each of its
members was clear right from the outset. In the application form for
membership, each applicant had, in the section entitled “Applicant’s
Declaration”,[note: 1] to declare, _inter alia_ , the following:

I am fully aware and agree that the right to utilise and enjoy the Facilities
and membership herein _does not confer upon me any rights, title or interest
in any property or Assets owned by the Proprietor or in the Facilities or the
Assets_. [emphasis added]

84 The declaration set out in the preceding paragraph did not comprise mere
formal words devoid of substance or meaning. That this is the case is
confirmed in no uncertain terms by the salient Rules and Regulations of the
Club (“Rules and Regulations”) themselves. Indeed, it is clear beyond
peradventure that the Rules and Regulations comprise a binding legal contract
between the Appellant on the one hand and each of its members on the other. In
particular, Rule 21.2[note: 2] and (especially) Rule 34[note: 3] of the Rules
and Regulations ought to be noted, and read as follows:

21.2 _Membership_ : Where the Proprietor has despatched to a successful
applicant the Acceptance Notice, his name and address shall be entered in the
register of members (“Register of Members”) and he shall thereafter be a
Member and entitled [_sic_] to all the rights and privileges of membership
_and shall be deemed to have agreed to be bound by these Rules and the Bye-
laws made in accordance therewith_.

…

**Relationship between Members**

34.Nothing in these Rules and the Bye-laws shall constitute or result in any
relationship between the Members inter se. _Each Member shall only have a
contractual relationship with the Proprietor_. There shall be no meeting held
amongst the Members in respect of the Club or the management of the Club.

[emphasis added]

85 Rule 1[note: 4] as well as Rule 3.1[note: 5] and Rule 3.2[note: 6] of the
Rules and Regulations may also be usefully noted and read as follows:

**Name**

1.The name of the Proprietor (which expression shall include its successors-
in-title and assigns) is [ABD Pte Ltd] (the “Proprietor”).

…

**Constitution of Club**

3.1 _Club_ : The proprietor and sole manager of the Club shall be the
Proprietor.

3.2 _Supervision_ : The Proprietor is a public company incorporated in
Singapore. Its Board of Directors will be entrusted with the supervision of
the policies, management, maintenance, finance, accounts and operation of the
Club.

86 More importantly, for the purposes of the present issue, Rule 3.5,[note: 7]
Rule 3.6,[note: 8] Rule 4[note: 9] as well as Rule 5.1,[note: 10] Rule
5.5[note: 11] and Rule 24.1[note: 12] (in particular the first three Rules)
are relevant, and read as follows:

3.5 _Ownership_ : _All the assets, property and Facilities provided at the
Club and located at the Premises (the “Assets”) shall be deemed to be owned by
the Proprietor. No Member shall have any rights interest or title whatsoever
in relation to the same_. Use of Facilities by Members will be subject to
these Rules and the Bye-laws.

3.6 _Licence_ : In consideration of the Member agreeing to pay in accordance
with the provisions herein the Entrance Fee, the monthly subscription and any
other sum payable hereunder, and subject to these Rules and the Bye-laws, _the
Proprietor grants to the Member a licence for a period commencing from the
date the Member becomes a member of the Club till October 2026 to:-_

(_i_) _use and enjoy the Facilities; or_

(_ii_) _in the case of a Corporate Member, nominate a Nominee to use and enjoy
the Facilities_ ,

_in common with other Members, the Nominees of other Members, the persons
entitled thereunder and such other persons as the Proprietor may in its
absolute discretion decide subject to these Rules and the Bye-laws, Provided
Always That in the event that the lease of the Premises is extended after
October 2026 or the Facilities are relocated to different premises after
October 2026, the Proprietor shall grant to the Members an option to extend
the licence_ granted to them pursuant to this Clause to use and enjoy the
Facilities on such terms and conditions as are mutually acceptable to the
Proprietor and the Members.

**Club Property**

4 _All the Assets shall at all times be and remain the property of the
Proprietor and no Member shall take away or permit to be taken away from the
Premises or shall injure, damage, misuse or destroy any of the Assets_.

…

5.1 _Use of Facilities_ : Every Member shall, subject to these Rules and the
Bye-laws and such restrictions or conditions as the Proprietor may from time
to time in its absolute discretion impose, be entitled to use and enjoy in
common with the other Members the Facilities provided by the Proprietor for
the use of the Members, subject to the payment of all fees, subscriptions, and
any other monies due to the Proprietor. The Proprietor may in its absolute
discretion also impose charges for any services, food, drinks or the use of
any of the Facilities and the Proprietor shall have the right at any time and
from time to time to vary any such changes.

5.5 _Financial Liability_ : For the avoidance of doubt, a Member shall not by
reason of his membership be under any financial liability in respect of the
provision of the Assets and Facilities except for payment of all monies
payable under these Rules and the Bye-laws to the Proprietor.

…

**Bankruptcy, Conviction, etc**.

24.1 _Automatic Termination_ : If any Member becomes of unsound mind or is the
subject of winding-up proceedings (voluntary or compulsory), or (being a
Member which is a partnership) is dissolved (save where the dissolution is due
to the death of one of the partners) or is adjudicated a bankrupt or makes a
composition with his creditors under the provisions of any statute or is
convicted of any offence (other than a traffic offence) such a Member shall
automatically cease to be a Member PROVIDED that if such Member's adjudication
is annulled or his conviction is set aside, the Proprietor may in its absolute
discretion restore him to membership as from the date when he ceased to be a
Member. Nothing in this Rule shall prejudice the right of the Proprietor to
recover any amount due prior to the date of cessation.

[emphasis added]

87 It is clear beyond any doubt whatsoever, from the rules reproduced in the
preceding paragraphs, that every member of the Club was only furnished with a
_licence_ to use the facilities of the Club and that all the assets of the
Club (which included the land and the building) belonged to the Appellant.
This could not, in my view, have been expressed in clearer language than that
contained in the aforementioned Rules. As already noted, however, the
Appellant nevertheless continued to argue that all the assets of the Club had,
in economic substance, been conveyed by the Appellant to the members. Since
legal title to, _inter alia_ , the land and the building continued to reside
in the Appellant, if the Appellant is correct in its argument, this must mean
that it holds, _inter alia_ , the land and the building _on trust_ for its
members. With respect, this is an argument that is a last-ditch attempt to
avoid what is clear from the facts and the case law – which is that the land
and the building constitute _capital_ (and _not_ revenue) expenditure (see the
analysis above at [77]-[81]). When pressed during oral submissions, even Mr
Gandhi (quite correctly and candidly, in my view) conceded that the argument
from a trust was difficult to maintain, to say the least. Indeed, it is clear,
from the _contract_ between the Appellant on the one hand and each of its
members on the other, that only a _licence_ was granted to the latter by the
former. Nothing could be plainer and this is wholly consistent with the
_context_ of the business of the Appellant, _viz_ , the operation of a club
for the benefit of its members. Indeed, if the Appellant’s argument holds
good, then every member of every club which is operated from land belonging to
a club that is of a fixed duration would be able to claim _pro rata ownership_
of the assets of the club concerned. A moment’s reflection will reveal that
this is, with respect, completely untenable. There was no evidence whatsoever
of an underlying (and alternative) arrangement between the Appellant and its
members. Indeed, the Appellant’s argument creates interpretive contortions
where none is present and distorts, in the process, the clear and unambiguous
language as well as intention underlying the contractual relationship between
the parties themselves.

88 However, relying on the Privy Council decision in _British South Africa_ ,
Mr Gandhi nevertheless persevered during oral submissions with this line of
argument. With respect, however, a close reading of that decision will reveal
a _very different_ context as well as fact situation altogether. Let me
elaborate.

89 The fact situation in _British South Africa_ was a straightforward one.
Simplifying the facts somewhat, the appellant taxpayer, which was incorporated
by Royal Charter, had acquired numerous concessions with regard to minerals
and mining rights. It subsequently granted concessions conferring prospecting
as well as other rights in respect of the minerals it owned to third parties
and the issue arose as to whether or not the receipts in money and shares from
the third parties was to be included as income for the purposes of income tax.
The Privy Council held, first, that whilst the receipts did not fall within s
5(_f_) of the Income Tax Ordinance of Northern Rhodesia (relating to “rents,
royalties, premiums and any other profits arising from property”), they fell,
instead, with s 5(_a_) of the same Ordinance (relating to “gains or profits
from any trade, business, profession or vocation”). However, the further issue
arose as to whether or not there could be a _deduction_ in favour of the
appellant taxpayer against these receipts. In this regard, Viscount Simon, who
delivered the judgment of the court, observed thus (at 80–81):

If, however, _the business of the company was (as, in their Lordships’
opinion, it was) to “turn to account” its mining rights or other property_ ,
it does not follow that the proceeds of such turning to account are chargeable
to tax without any deduction for the cost of acquisition. Rather it would seem
that the ordinary rule must apply, and that no gain or profit can be said to
arise unless and until a balance has been struck between the cost of
acquisition and the proceeds of sale. Nor is it, in their Lordships’ opinion,
material that in dealing with its mineral rights the company has retained an
interest either by way of a possible reverter of the property or by a
shareholding in a company to which it made a special grant. [emphasis added]

The licences were exclusive, conditional, non-transferable, for a period of
years only and subject to forfeiture. However, in their Lordships’ view, it
was immaterial that in dealing with its mineral rights, the company retained
an interest either by way of a possible reverter of the property or by a
shareholding in a company to which it made a special grant. Whilst Viscount
Simon acknowledged the general rule to the effect that where the income of a
taxpayer is derived from the exhaustion of a capital asset, no deduction can
be allowed for the cost of that asset, he was of the view that an _exception_
to that rule existed, as follows (at 82):

But it appears to them that it [the general rule just referred to] is excluded
as soon as the conclusion is reached that the article sold is that which it
was the business of the company to acquire and to sell. So, here, though the
mixed character of the company's objects as stated in the preamble of its
Charter makes it difficult to define its trade or business, yet it appears
reasonably clear that in order to effectuate its desire (to use the words of
the preamble) “to carry into effect divers concessions and agreements. ... and
such other concessions agreements grants and treaties as the petitioners may
hereafter obtain” the acquisition and realization of mining rights must take a
leading place. [emphasis added]

In the circumstances, the court was of the view that, as some deduction ought
to be allowed, the judgment of the Rhodesian Court of Appeal to the contrary
was set aside, and the matter was referred back to the Commissioner of Income
Tax for re-assessment “to the best of its judgment” pursuant to s 40(2)(_b_)
of the Ordinance.

90 It can be seen immediately that the fact situation in _British South
Africa_ was _completely different from_ that which obtained in the present
proceedings. Put simply, the _very pith and marrow of the business of the
taxpayer_ in _British South Africa_ centred on not only the acquisition, _but
also the sale_ , of its mineral concessions and mining rights. In other words,
these concessions and rights constituted _the stock-in-trade_ of the taxpayer
and were therefore deductible against the income it received. In the present
proceedings, however, the _pith and marrow of the business of the Appellant_
is _not_ the acquisition and sale of the land or the building – or, indeed,
_any_ of the assets of the Club for that matter. On the _contrary_ , the
Appellant’s business centred on the operation of the Club for the benefit of
its members. Indeed, the members did _not_ possess any rights to the assets of
the Club. As I have demonstrated above, they merely obtained a _licence_ to
use the facilities of the Club in accordance with the terms contained in the
Rules and Regulations.

91 It is my view that the case that _is_ in point is _A B Ltd_. Indeed, both
parties were referred to this case prior to oral submissions. This case cited
_British South Africa_ , and Mr Gandhi chose (as pointed out above) to rely on
the latter case instead. However, as I have already elaborated upon above,
_British South Africa_ is _not_ relevant to the present appeal. In _A B Ltd_
itself, the respondents were estate owners carrying on the trade or business
of rubber planting in different parts of Malaya. After the Japanese
occupation, they resumed the business of rubber planting, with the exception
of a portion of an estate on Singapore Island. This particular portion of the
estate had had all its rubber trees felled during the Japanese occupation. The
high cost of replanting as well as the relative infertility of the land itself
made the resumption of rubber growing an economically unfeasible prospect. The
respondents therefore applied to the Government of the day for permission to
use the said land for burial purposes and a licence was duly issued to the
respondents for the same. The respondents then built a temple, a tiffin shed
as well as caretaker’s quarters and an access road on the land itself. They
also appointed one of their staff as a caretaker at a small wage but with free
quarters to look after the buildings and site as well as to show the site to
prospective purchasers of burial plots. This particular business grew and the
area for burial purposes expanded as a result. The Comptroller of Income Tax
subsequently assessed the respondents to tax on the excess of the latter’s
income over their expenditure. The issue arose as to whether or not when the
respondents made available a burial plot to a member of the public, that was
an outright sale of the plot concerned or whether it was merely the grant of a
licence. If it was the latter and the respondents were subject to assessment
to income tax, the further issue arose as to whether or not the capital cost
of the road, the temple, the tiffin shed and the caretaker’s quarters as well
as the capital cost of the land itself could be _deducted_ against the
revenues received by the respondents _vis-à-vis_ the burial plots.

92 The Court of Appeal held that the respondents had only granted a _licence_
to each member of the public to use the plot concerned for burial purposes and
the revenue received was therefore liable to be assessed for the purposes of
income tax. Indeed, it is significant, at this juncture, to point to the
analogous situation which exists in respect of the facts of the present
proceedings. As already pointed out above, the contractual relationship
between the Appellant and each of its members was clearly that of a licensor-
licensee.

93 Returning to the second issue (relating to whether or not the various costs
referred to above (at [91]) could be deducted), the court held that it was
clear that the expenditure on these various costs constituted _capital_
expenditure. In the absence of an applicable capital allowance being granted
_via_ legislation, such costs could therefore not be deducted by the
respondents against the revenue that they had received in respect of the
granting of licences to members of the public to use the plots concerned for
burial purposes. The court also held that the holding in _British South
Africa_ could _not_ be invoked as an alternative route for the taxpayer
concerned to obtain the benefit of a deduction. Both Whitton J and Tan Ah Tah
J distinguished the _British South Africa_ case on two grounds. First, in
their transactions concerning the land, the taxpayers in _A B Ltd_ only sold
certain rights of burial over the land but not the land itself, unlike the
_British South Africa_ case where the taxpayer acquired and realised mining
rights. Secondly, whilst it was the taxpayer’s business in the _British South
Africa_ case to acquire and realise mining rights, the disposal of lots of
land for burial purposes in _A B Ltd_ was, at most, an entirely incidental
business upon which the taxpayers had embarked; the taxpayers’ business was,
in fact, that of rubber planting. Whilst counsel for the Appellant rightly
observed that the second reason does not apply to the present proceedings
since it is the Appellant’s business to sell the Club memberships, the first
reason discussed above, upon which the facts of _A B Ltd_ were distinguished
from that in the _British South Africa_ case, is pertinent here and the dicta
of Whitton J and Tan Ah Tah J discussing this reason are set out below.

94 Having noted that it was within the company’s objects to realise its land
by selling it for burial lots, Whitton J commented (at 149) that:

As far as the mere selling is concerned I am, therefore, disposed to think the
appellants are on good ground, but I see some difficulty in that when the
Privy Council spoke of something “which it was the business of the company to
acquire and sell” it seems reasonable to infer what was envisaged was
something which in the normal course of events would _become exhausted in the
process between acquisition and sale_ ; and accordingly I think it does not
necessarily follow the principle would apply to land, a commodity which in the
ordinary way would not fall within this description, and in fact in the
present case does so only by reason of the particular use to which the
appellants turned it. [emphasis added]

95 And the following observations by Tan Ah Tah J (at 153) merit quotation in
full:

The last point which remains to be considered arises out of the proposition
put by counsel for the appellants that if the appellants were held to be
carrying on a trade they would be entitled to claim the market value of the
land as a deduction from the income derived from the sale of burial rights. In
support of this proposition counsel for the appellants cited, **_inter alia_**
, the case of **_British South Africa Co. v. Commissioner of Income Tax_**
[[1946] AC 62]. _It is to be observed that in that case an important part of
the business of the appellant company was the acquisition of mining rights on
terms which seemed most advantageous to the appellant company. In short, it
was the business of the appellant company in that case to acquire and realize
mining rights. Now the principle which is ordinarily applicable is to be found
in such cases_ , decided under the English Income Tax Acts, as **_Alianza Co.,
Ltd. v. Bell_** [[1905] 1 KB 184] which _establish that where the income of a
taxpayer is derived from the exhaustion of a capital asset no deduction can be
allowed for the cost of that asset_. _What was decided in_** _British South
Africa Co. v. Commissioner of Income Tax_****wa** s _that this principle is
excluded in cases where the article sold is that which it was the business of
the taxpayer to acquire and to sell_. **_Now it is clear that in the present
case the appellants’ business was not the acquisition of land for the purpose
of selling it as burial plots. The appellants’ business was that of rubber
planters but because of the high cost of replanting and the infertile nature
of the area in question they decided to use part of it as a cemetery. I have
already stated my view that in their transactions concerning the land they
only sold certain rights of burial over the plots of land but not the land
itself. There is therefore a fundamental distinction between the facts of the
present case and those in British South Africa Co. v. Commissioner of Income
Tax_**. In my opinion the decision in **_British South Africa Co. v.
Commissioner of Income Tax_** does _not_ support the appellants’ contention
that deductions of the market value of the land should be allowed. On this
point I have reached the conclusion that the principle which was applied in
**_Alianza Co., Ltd. v. Bell_** also be applied in the present case. [emphasis
added in italics and bold italics]

96 Not surprisingly, perhaps, the observations just quoted in the preceding
two paragraphs apply with equal force to the present appeal. As opposed to the
assets in the _British South Africa_ case which were transferred upon sale,
albeit with the taxpayer retaining some rights in the assets in the form of a
possible reverter of property or through its shareholding in companies to
which it had sold the mining rights, the Appellant in the present case retains
ownership of the Club premises, as discussed above (at [87]). Whilst the
Appellant in the present case may have acquired the Club premises in order
that he may operate his business, the Appellant has not realised these assets.
The fact that the Appellant had granted memberships which are co-terminous
with its lease of the premises does not derogate from the fact that, after
granting the memberships, the Appellant still retained ownership of the lease
and Club building. It is clear, from the perspectives of both legal principle
as well as factual application, that _British South Africa_ is _wholly
inapplicable_ to the facts of the present appeal.

97 For the reasons set out above, it is clear that the cost of acquiring the
land and of constructing the building are _capital_ in nature and hence fall
within the ambit of s 15(1)(_c_) of the Act. No deduction is legally
permissible and the Appellant therefore fails with regard to this particular
issue.

(2) The deductibility of the Geomancy Fees

98 The Appellant submitted that the categorisation of the Geomancy Fees as
income or capital expenditure follows the categorisation of the costs of
purchasing the land and building the Club. As such, the Geomancy Fees are not
deductible from the income of the Appellant as they are of a capital nature.

Whether the sum of $53,283,000 is deductible in the Year of Assessment 2001

99 Section 14(1) of the Act provides that expenditure is deductible in the
period in which it is incurred. The Appellant seeks to deduct, from the income
earned through the receipt of the entrance fees, the $3,000 that it had
undertaken to pay to each member of the Club following the civil action taken
against it for which the Court of Appeal had handed down its decision
determining the Appellant’s liability in 2003 and had decided on the extent of
the Appellant’s liability in 2005. In 2003, the Court of Appeal held that by
failing to control the number of people the Club had admitted as members, it
had breached its obligation of delivering a premier club to those who were
admitted. In 2005, the sum of $3,000 was assessed as damages arising from the
breach and measured by the diminution in value of the Club due to the reach.
The Court of Appeal made it clear that the plaintiffs were only trying to
determine the loss due to the breach. It is clear from the judgment of the
Court of Appeal that the sum of $3,000 was calculated as damages arising from
the breach rather than as a refund of the entrance fees.

100 The Appellant seeks to reopen the tax assessment in the Year of Assessment
2001 in order to deduct, from the income earned in that year, the sum of
$53,283,000 which it was liable to pay to the members (see above at [9]). The
Appellant points out that its breach of contractual obligations can be linked
back to the opening of the Club in March 2000. The Appellant argues that when
liability is determined, it should be related back to and be deductible from
the profits in the year in which the incident giving rise to such liability
occurred. On the other hand, the Respondent argues that as no liability had
been ascertained in 2000, the Appellant had no clear legal obligation to pay
such moneys to its members at that point in time and cannot deduct the sum of
$53,283,000 from the income received in those years of assessment.

101 The issue that arises in the present context is whether, for the purposes
of tax assessment, the liability to pay the sum of $53,283,000 to the members
is deemed to have accrued on the date the cause of action arose (in March
2000), as the Appellant submits. In my view, the liability, not having been
admitted or adjudged to exist on the date the breach occurred, did not accrue
in March 2000 and the sum of $53,283,000 is therefore not deductible in the
subsequent Year of Assessment.

102 The sheet anchor of the Appellant for this particular issue – in so far as
the relevant cases law is concerned – is the English Court of Appeal decision
of _Bernhard_.

103 The decision in _Bernhard_ can, in fact, be distinguished as the liability
in respect of the debt owed to the bank had already crystallised and the issue
before the court was merely one of _quantum_ , _viz_ , whether or not £22,410
or £8,000 (which was the amount the bank ultimately agreed to accept in full
settlement of the debt owed) should appear in the accounts (see also _Simpson_
, especially at 1074). Unlike the present case where the Appellant’s liability
to pay damages to the members of the club had not been ascertained in the
years of assessment in which the Appellant seeks a deduction of the damages
paid from profits assessed to tax, the liability of the taxpayer in _Bernhard_
was undisputed at the time the liability was included in the taxpayer’s tax
assessments as a deductible expense. It was the quantum of the liability that
had yet to be ascertained, specifically, the amount by which the liability was
to be reduced. The taxpayer in _Bernhard_ was a trader who exported cloth to
buyers overseas. He financed his business by borrowing money from a bank on
the security of bills and shipping documents. The advances made by the bank to
the taxpayer were satisfied out of the proceeds of the bills. In 1920, the
taxpayer was liable to the bank in respect of the bills which he had
discounted with the bank and that liability, at its face value, was a sum of
£45,000. A considerable deduction would have to be made from this figure in
respect of goods which, if not paid for by the buyer of the goods, could be
sold and the proceeds of the goods would be received by the bank in reduction
of the liability upon the bills. The amount by which the liability was to be
reduced had not yet been ascertained. In computing his profits for the year
ended 31 March 1921, the taxpayer was allowed to deduct a sum of £22,410,
being the estimated amount of the bank’s claim against him. Subsequently, at
the end of 1922, the bank accepted £8,000 in settlement of its claim against
the taxpayer. The English Court of Appeal ordered that the taxpayer’s
assessments be reopened to adjust the sum of £22,410 deducted as a trading
loss in 1921 to reflect the amount of the taxpayer’s actual liability to the
bank (_i.e_., £8,000). It is clear from the decision of the court that the
fact of liability was determined in 1921 although the quantum of liability was
still being disputed. In particular, Lord Hanworth MR commented (at 742) that
“it seems quite impossible to hold that there was anything more than an
interim determination when the £22,410 was reached, and a determination which
could be revised by the later events” and Lawrence LJ characterised (at 745)
the “real dispute between the parties in this case” as “the amount of the
deductions which can properly be made from [the] sum of £45,000.”

104 The Appellant seeks to rely on the following observations in _Bernhard_ by
Lord Hanworth MR (at 741):

We have had a powerful argument by Mr Dickinson … He has said, and quoted
authorities to shew … that if there is a liability which is subsequently
determined, but which is none the less to be a liability existing at a
particular date, the fact that it is, subsequently to that date, determined
and ascertained, does not prevent that liability belonging historically to its
right place in the accounts. The quantum of it is ascertained at a later date;
but the payment is to be made as at the date when it rightly occurs in the
accounts, even if the quantum of it cannot be fixed at that moment … All those
principles which were contended for are true.

105 As discussed above at [103], the facts of _Bernhard_ are different from
those in the present case. Thus, Lord Hanworth MR’s observations only apply to
the situation where liability has already been ascertained in the Year of
Assessment but the quantum of liability is determined at a later stage.

106 Indeed, the need for an _actual_ legal obligation or liability to be
incurred or to have been crystallised can be seen from the Scottish Court of
Session decision of _James Spencer & Co v Commissioners of Inland Revenue_
(1950) 32 TC 111 (“ _James Spencer_ ”). There, the Lord President Cooper,
having referred, _inter alia_ , to the decisions in _Newcastle Breweries_ and
_Bernhard_ , held (at 117) that:

… it seems to follow that, if in the earlier period there is only a
provisional or contingent “liability”, it is not until it has been
subsequently determined to be an actual “liability” by admission or decision
that it can properly be brought into computation, and it should then be
debited even if it is not until a still later period that the exact quantum
can be inserted, if need be by re-opening the accounts.

_James Spencer_ concerned the date on which liability for workmen’s
compensation claims were to be included. It was held that the claims were not
to be properly included until they had been admitted or determined. Lord
President Cooper held (at 117) that:

Until then the “liability” is only provisional or contingent for the purposes
of tax computation. The contingency is purified and the provisional
“liability” becomes actual when the fact of “liability” is so ascertained, and
it is then that the debit should appear in the accounts.

Applying the decision in _James Spencer_ to the facts of the present case, the
Appellant’s liability to pay $3,000 to each member only became actual when the
fact of liability was ascertained by the Court of Appeal in 2003.

107 The Appellant also refers to the decision of the Privy Council in
_Commissioner of Inland Revenue v Lo and Lo (a firm)_ [1984] STC 366 (“ _Lo
and Lo_ ”) where it was held (at 370) that “‘an expense incurred’ is not
confined to a disbursement, and must at least include a sum which there is an
obligation to pay, that is to say an accrued liability which is undischarged.”
This applies irrespective of whether the recipient of the disbursement has the
choice to forfeit his right to payment. In _Lo and Lo_ , the taxpayers
operated a staff retirement benefit scheme whereby a retiring employee who had
completed not less than 10 years’ service was entitled to a lump sum payment.
It was held (at 371) that whilst a long service employee had a vested right to
his accrued lump sum payment such that the taxpayer had an accrued liability
for that sum, the employees who had not worked for at least 10 years did not
have any present right to demand payment and different considerations may
apply in their cases. This decision does not support the Appellant’s claim to
deduct the damages paid to its members in the year the alleged breach of
contract occurred. There was no obligation to pay damages at that particular
point in time.

108 The editors of _Halsbury’s Laws of Singapore_ state (at para 205.098)
that:

Expenses which are anticipatory in nature, commonly referred to in accounting
parlance as ‘provisions’ where a sum is set aside by a taxpayer at the end of
the basis period to meet a liability which is merely contingent, are not
deductible for the relevant Year of Assessment. Such anticipatory expenses
remain so until such time, if any, a legal liability to pay _actually
crystallises_ , at which point then, the amount which is actually incurred
will rank for deduction. [emphasis added]

109 Other case authorities also support the view that a taxpayer must be
committed to an expenditure, even if this liability is defeasible, in order
for the expenditure to be treated as having been incurred. In the High Court
of Australia decision of _New Zealand Flax Investments Ltd v FCT_ (1938-39) 61
CLR 179, quoted with approval in many subsequent cases (see, for example the
New Zealand High Court decision of _A M Bisley Ltd v CIR_ (1985) 8 TRNZ 513
(at 528); as well as the High Court of Australia decisions of _FCT v James
Flood Pty Ltd_ (1953–54) 88 CLR 492 (at 507) and _Nilsen Development
Laboratories Pty Ltd v FCT_ (1979–80) 144 CLR 616 (“ _Nilsen Laboratories_ ”)
(at 623)), Dixon J attempted to define the term “incurred” for the purposes of
determining the deductible expenditure for tax purposes; the learned judge
observed as follows (at 207):

… there must be a loss or outgoing actually incurred. “Incurred” does not mean
only defrayed, discharged, or borne, but rather it includes encountered, run
into, or fallen upon. It is unsafe to attempt exhaustive definitions of a
conception intended to have such a various or multifarious application. But it
_does not include a loss or expenditure which is no more than impending,
threatened, or expected_. [emphasis added]

In _Nilsen Laboratories_ , Barwick CJ placed emphasis on Dixon J’s statement
that the term “incurred” “does not include a loss or expenditure which is no
more than impending, threatened, or expected” and added the phrase “no matter
how certain it is in the year of income that that loss or expenditure will
occur in the future” to it. Similarly, in the Privy Council decision (on
appeal from the Court of Appeal of New Zealand) of _Commissioner of Inland
Revenue v Mitsubishi Motors New Zealand Ltd_ [1996] AC 315 (“ _Mitsubishi
Motors_ ”), the court held (at 327) that to determine whether a liability was
incurred, the question is whether “in the light of surrounding circumstances,
a legal obligation to make a payment in the future can be said to have
accrued”. The taxpayer in _Mitsubishi Motors_ sold motor vehicles and provided
a warranty to its dealers under the terms of which the dealers were entitled
to return the vehicle to the taxpayer for repair if a defect arose within a
certain period or mileage use of the vehicle after delivery. The taxpayer was
able to estimate that some 63% of all vehicles it sold contained defects which
would manifest themselves within the warranty period and was able to make a
reasonably accurate forecast of the total cost of remedial work of these
vehicles. The court held that the fact that 63% of the vehicles had defects
was a matter of existing fact, not future contingency and that the contingency
that some owners might be content not to require remedial work would be real
only in the case of the most trivial defects. As such, the court allowed the
taxpayer to deduct the estimated repair costs from its profits in the year
that the vehicles were sold.

110 In the present proceedings, there is no provision in the contract between
the Appellant and the members of the Club to the effect that the members would
be entitled to damages if the number of members in the club exceeded a
stipulated number. The liability of the Appellant to the members for damages
for breach of contract was a contingent and yet to be determined liability at
the date when the cause of action accrued (and was later contested). Since the
Appellant’s liability to pay damages was only determined by the Court of
Appeal much later, the money paid to the members was not deductible in the
Year of Assessment 2001.

Accounting treatment

111 Where ordinary accounting principles run counter to the principles of tax
law, they must yield to the latter for the purposes of computing gains and
profits for tax. Accounting and tax have different objectives in mind:
Financial accounting is intended to provide information regarding firm
performance to the market place while taxable income is prescribed by the
government to meet budgetary needs (see Michelle Hanlon & Terry Shevlin,
“Book-Tax Conformity for Corporate Income: An Introduction to the Issues” in
(2005) 19 Tax Policy and the Economy 101 at 106). Regardless of how persuasive
accounting evidence is, the prerogative still lies with the court to decide
whether a particular item should be regarded as income that has accrued for
the purposes of liability to tax (see _Pinetree_ at [33]).

112 In so far as the specific question of what is capital and what is revenue,
this is a “question of law for the courts” and the courts are “not to be
deflected from their true course by the evidence of accountants, however
eminent” (see the English Court of Appeal decision of _Heather_ , _per_ Lord
Denning MR at 217). Accounting treatment focuses on the balance sheet whereas
taxation requirements are centred on the profit and loss accounts, so that the
distinctions between revenue and capital, which are vital for tax purposes,
may be lost in the accounting treatment (see Judith Freedman, “Defining
Taxable Profit in a Changing Accounting Environment” (1995) 5 BTR 434 at 438).
Items which may be listed as deductible expenditure in the accounts may be
considered capital expenditure under the Act and therefore not deductible for
income tax purposes.

113 At the hearing before the Board in the present proceedings, the Appellant
sought to rely on accounting evidence to show that it would be wrong to regard
the company’s revenue from entrance fees as having no costs associated with
it. The Appellant called three accountants to give expert testimony as to how
the various items of claim of the Appellant ought to be treated. The
Comptroller also called an expert witness to give evidence.

114 However, in their submissions to this court, both the Appellant and the
Respondent agreed that even if the accounts were prepared in accordance with
the correct principles of commercial accountancy, they cannot be used to
determine profit for tax purposes if they do not conform with the provisions
of the Act. What they disagree on is the effect of the application of tax
principles to the facts of the present case. In _Pinetree_ , the Court of
Appeal noted (at [33]) that a court has an overriding power to form its own
conclusions and that this is particularly so when the issue at hand has been
accepted by the party concerned (in that case, the appellants) to be a
question of law as the facts are not in dispute. I am also of the view that
the present case turns on how well-established tax principles and tax law
would apply rather than on the correct accounting treatment of the items
brought to tax.

Conclusion

115 Although Mr Gandhi is to be commended for the enthusiasm and candour with
which he argued his client’s case, the Appellant’s arguments with regard to
all the issues fail for the reasons I have set out above. The appeal is
therefore dismissed with costs and with the usual consequential orders.

116 I would also like to take this opportunity to reiterate my gratitude
(which was expressed after oral submissions) to both counsel for presenting
their arguments clearly and as persuasively as they could. This is especially
welcome in the context of the law of tax which, by its very nature, can be
extremely technical and complex indeed.

* * *

[note: 1]_Record of Appeal_ , vol V (pt A) (“5(A)RA”), p 882.

[note: 2]5(A)RA, p 892.

[note: 3]_Ibid_ , p 894.

[note: 4]_Ibid_ , p 886.

[note: 5]_Ibid_.

[note: 6]_Ibid_.

[note: 7]_Ibid_.

[note: 8]_Ibid_.

[note: 9]_Ibid_.

[note: 10]_Ibid_.

[note: 11]_Ibid_ , p 887.

[note: 12]_Ibid_ , p 891.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 08 Apr 2010 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

