Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Shanghai Electric Group Co Ltd _v_ PT Merak Energi Indonesia and another  
[2010] SGHC 2

Case Number| :| Originating Summons No 273 of 2009  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 06 January 2010  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Lee Seiu Kin J  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Christopher Chuah, Cindy Lim and Joanna He
(WongPartnership LLP) for the plaintiff; Hri Kumar Nair SC, Tham Feei Sy and
Kristine Ang Li Shan (Drew & Napier LLC) for the first defendant.  
Parties| :|  Shanghai Electric Group Co Ltd — PT Merak Energi Indonesia and
another  
  
6 January 2010| Judgment reserved.  
---|---  
  
Lee Seiu Kin J :

1 This is an application by the first defendant (“PT Merak”) to set aside an
_ex-parte_ injunction (“the Injunction”) that I granted on 9 March 2009 to the
plaintiff (“Shanghai Electric”). The Injunction ordered that PT Merak be
restrained from receiving any monies from the second defendant (“the Bank”)
pursuant to a call made on 6 March 2009 (“the Demand”) by PT Merak on the
Advance Payment Security No 065-311-1-00479-0(001) (“the Bond”) issued by the
Bank in favour of PT Merak, and from making any further calls thereon until
further order.

2 This case involves an interesting point of law that has not arisen in
previous decisions of the courts pertaining to on-demand bonds: whether
Singapore law is the applicable law in an application to restrain a call on an
on-demand bond which provides that English law is the governing law.

Background

3 Shanghai Electric is a company incorporated in China and is in the business
of designing, manufacturing, sale and supply of, _inter alia_ , equipment used
in the generation, transmission and distribution of power. PT Merak is an
Indonesian company with plans to commence operations in power plant
development and management in 2010.

4 By a contract dated 10 August 2007 (“the Contract”), Shanghai Electric was
engaged by PT Merak for the design, engineering, manufacturing, procurement,
construction, start-up, testing, commissioning and completion of a 2 x 60 MW
coal fired electricity and steam generating power plant (“the Power Plant”)
located in West Java, Indonesia, for the sum of US$108m (“the Contract
Price”). On 22 January 2008, PT Merak and Shanghai Electric (referred to
collectively as “the Parties”) entered into an addendum to the Contract (“the
Addendum”) which amended several clauses of the Contract.

5 The Contract provided for PT Merak to pay Shanghai Electric an advance
payment of 10% of the Contract Price (“the Advance Payment”) amounting to
US$10.8m. The Advance Payment was a condition precedent for the issuance of
the notice to proceed. In turn, s 7.7(a) of the Contract required Shanghai
Electric to procure the Bond for the sum of US$10.8m in favour of PT Merak.
This was performed on 20 November 2007 with the issue of the Bond for the sum
of US$10.8m by the Singapore branch of the Bank. On 1 April 2008, PT Merak
effected payment of the sum of US$10.8m to Shanghai Electric. With this,
Shanghai Electric commenced work under the Contract.

6 Under the Bond, the Bank undertook to pay to PT Merak the sum of up to
US$10.8m (which is the amount of the Advance Payment) upon receipt of:

the Owners’ first written demand stating

(1) the amount to be paid to the Owner,

(2) that such amount is due to the Owner pursuant to the Agreement, and

(3) that notice of default was previously given to the Contractor.

Essentially, the substantive condition for payment was a letter by PT Merak to
the Bank stating the amount to be paid, that this was due to PT Merak pursuant
to the Contract and that Shanghai Electric had been given notice of default.
This is the nature of an on-demand bond: that it is payable upon demand, often
accompanied by a statement by the beneficiary as to the existence of a certain
set of facts.

7 On 2 February 2009, PT Merak issued to Shanghai Electric a “Notice of
Contractor Default” pursuant to s 19.2.2(b) of the Contract. PT Merak alleged
that since 10 August 2007 (the date of the Contract), “very little progress
was made on the construction of the Power Plant. Apart from the temporary site
office, temporary warehouse, temporary site roads, test pilings, excavation
and some lean concrete (levelling concrete) for the foundations of the Boiler
and Turbine Buildings, there is nothing else on site. Significantly, [Shanghai
Electric] failed to complete the work in respect of Payment Milestones 1 to 5.
Further, [PT Merak] also encountered numerous difficulties with [Shanghai
Electric]. Although [PT Merak] tried to resolve these difficulties through
meetings and correspondence, this proved futile”.

8 On 11 February 2009, Shanghai Electric sent a letter (“the first Letter”) to
PT Merak stating that:

(a) Shanghai Electric required more than the 10 days from receipt of the
Notice of Contractor Default to prepare the full Contractor Remedial Plan, due
to the length of the Notice of Contractor Default;

(b) a detailed reply from Shanghai Electric in respect of the Contractor
Defaults set out in the Notice of Contractor Default will be furnished to PT
Merak within 2 days from 11 February 2009; and

(c) the portion of the Contractor Remedial Plan relating to the “NCR and
Remedial proposal” is set out in the attachments to the letter of 11 February
2009.

9 This was followed by a second letter from Shanghai Electric dated 13
February 2009 (“the second Letter”) setting out its response to various items
of alleged “Contractor Defaults” contained in the notice of contractor
default. On 16 February 2009, PT Merak replied – acknowledging receipt of the
“Contractor Remedial Plan” attached to the letter of 11 February 2009 and
stating that it was “currently reviewing the Contractor Remedial Plan and will
revert with [its] response in accordance with s 19.2.2(b) of the Contract”.

10 On 19 February 2009, PT Merak sent a second letter to Shanghai Electric,
stating, amongst other things, that “until such time as [PT Merak has had] the
opportunity to evaluate [Shanghai Electric’s] Contractor Remedial Plan,
[Shanghai Electric’s] request for a meeting is unnecessary”. By a letter dated
27 February 2009 (“the third Letter”), Shanghai Electric furnished further
details of the Contractor Remedial Plan to PT Merak.

11 On 6 March 2009, three events occurred: first, PT Merak delivered a notice
of termination to Shanghai Electric to terminate its appointment under the
Contract (“the Notice of Termination”); second, Shanghai Electric wrote to PT
Merak, accepting the termination and alleging that such termination amounted
to a repudiation of the Contract by PT Merak; third, after delivery of the
notice of termination to Shanghai Electric, PT Merak delivered a letter of
demand to the Bank calling for payment under the Bond (“the Demand”).

12 On 9 March 2009, Shanghai Electric filed the Injunction application on an
_ex parte_ basis, which I heard and granted on the same day. On 26 March 2009,
PT Merak filed the present application to set aside the Injunction.

The Issue of Law

13 As alluded to at the outset of this judgment, there is an issue as to the
applicable law governing the restraint on the calling of an on-demand bond.
The Contract itself is governed by English law, it being an express provision
in s 26.8 thereof. Section 25.1 provides for disputes to first be attempted to
be resolved by good faith negotiations. Failing this, s 25.2.1 provides such
dispute to be submitted to arbitration at the Singapore International
Arbitration Centre (“SIAC”) to be conducted in accordance with the ICC Rules.
It is also expressly provided in the Bond that the governing law is English
law. Although the Bond is an agreement between the Bank and PT Merak, it was
given pursuant to s 7.7(b) of the Contract which required Shanghai Electric to
procure an advance payment security in the form annexed in exhibit N-2 of the
Contract. The terms of the Bond essentially mirrored the form in exhibit N-2.
The governing law clause in the Bond – which also provides that Singapore
courts have non-exclusive jurisdiction over any proceedings arising out of it
– states as follows:

This [Bond] shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of
England. We hereby irrevocably submit to the non-exclusive jurisdiction of the
courts of [Singapore] for the purposes of any … proceedings arising out of
this [Bond].

14 PT Merak submitted that, as the Contract and, especially, the Bond
expressly provide that English law is the governing law, this court should
apply English law in relation to the decision whether to restrain PT Merak
from making a demand under the Bond. Shanghai Electric, on the other hand,
submitted that notwithstanding that English law is the governing law of the
Bond, this application was governed by the procedural law of the forum and
therefore Singapore law would apply. This is an important point as Singapore
law and English law diverge on whether fraud is the only basis upon which the
court would restrain a call on an on-demand bond.

15 This divergence was brought about by the decision of the Court of Appeal in
_Bocotra Construction Pte Ltd v Attorney-General (No 2)_ [1995] 2 SLR 733 (“
_Bocotra_ ”). I would note that nowhere in the judgment in _Bocotra_ was it
said that the court had departed from English law. Indeed, _Bocotra_ cited the
leading English precedents on the issue without any suggestion that Singapore
law was different. The expression “fraud or unconscionability” appeared three
times in _Bocotra_ without any explanation for the inclusion of the latter
word or elaboration as to what it meant. I had pointed this out in my decision
in _New Civilbuild Pte Ltd v Guobena Sdn Bhd_ [1999] 1 SLR 374 (“ _New
Civilbuild_ ”), in which I argued at [33] that the court in _Bocotra_ had, in
all likelihood, used the expression “unconscionability” interchangeably with
“fraud” because it could not have made such a drastic departure from English
law without giving any reason for it. I pointed out at [45] of _New
Civilbuild_ that, while the fraud exception was justified on the ground that
it must be presumed that the caller must always act in good faith (I add here
that this is also the doctrine that _fraud unravels all_ : see _United City
Merchants (Investments) Ltd v Royal Bank of Canada_ [1983] 1 AC 168 at 184),
there was no basis for the introduction of the ground of unconscionability to
frustrate the clear intention of the parties that the issuer would pay the
beneficiary upon written demand. However, in the subsequent Court of Appeal
decision of _GHL Pte Ltd v Unitrack Building Construction Pte Ltd_ [1999] 4
SLR 604 (“ _GHL_ ”), the court – having been referred to _New Civilbuild_ –
stated that the Court of Appeal in _Bocotra_ had made a conscious departure
from English law on this issue. This appears at [16] of the judgment in _GHL_
, as follows:

It is abundantly clear from [_Bocotra_] that the court expressly held that
‘fraud or unconscionability’ was a ground on which the court would interfere
and restrain the enforcement of a performance bond. It is significant that in
that judgment the court on no less than three occasions referred consistently
to ‘fraud or unconscionability’ as a ground for the grant of an injunction. We
should add that the concept of ‘unconscionability’ was adopted after
deliberation, and was not inadvertently inserted as a result of a slip; nor
was it intended to be used synonymously or interchangeably with ‘fraud’. There
is nothing in that judgment which can be said to indicate or suggest that the
court did not decide that ‘unconscionability’ alone is not a separate ground
as distinct from fraud. We accept that to that extent, _Bocotra_ is a
departure, and if we may respectfully say so, a conscious departure, from the
English position.

16 With the decision of the Court of Appeal in _GHL_ , there was no longer any
question that Singapore law had, since the _Bocotra_ decision, departed from
English law in that, in addition to fraud, unconscionability is also an
exception. It must be borne in mind that an on-demand term of a similar nature
to that in the Bond in the present case is usually specified as a requirement
in the underlying contract for the purpose of obtaining security for the
performance of the contract by one party. In the building industry it was
usually provided by the contractor to the employer, or sub-contractor to the
main contractor. Before the practice of providing an on-demand bond became
common – in _Edward Owen Engineering Ltd v Barclays Bank International Ltd_
[1978] 1 QB 159 at 169A, it was described by Lord Denning MR as “a new
creature” – such security was often in the form of cash. However this raised
the capital requirement of the contractor or sub-contractor, resulting in
higher costs. The giving of an on-demand bond that is “as good as cash” was
found by the industry to be a good alternative, presumably because contractors
could utilise lines of credit on the security of their immovable property,
high-value equipment or other acceptable assets without drawing down cash. As
the underlying contracts are invariably drawn up by the party requiring the
security, it is not surprising that such contracts provide for maximum ease of
conversion of the bond into cash. Therefore it is not unexpected that as soon
as Singapore law departed from English law on this issue, a party drawing a
contract that called for an on-demand bond would prefer to have it governed by
English law rather than Singapore law as it would be more difficult to obtain
an injunction, fraud being a higher threshold to clear than unconscionability.
It is not known whether this was the consideration in the present case, but
there was certainly no disadvantage to PT Merak in specifying English law in
the Bond even though it provided for arbitration under the Singapore
Industrial Arbitration Centre (“SIAC”) and for the non-exclusive jurisdiction
of Singapore courts. In _Marinteknik Shipbuilders (S) Pte Ltd v SNC Passion_
[2001] SGHC 140 (“ _Marinteknik_ ”) I had foreseen just such a case when I
made the following observation at [31]:

As unconscionability is not an exception in English law, there is the question
as to whether the Plaintiffs may rely upon this ground in addition to fraud
because the relevant contracts, i.e. the [underlying contract] and the [on-
demand bond], are governed by English law. However this issue is not necessary
for my decision and I did not have the benefit of submissions from counsel.
Therefore I will be content to merely raise it here and leave this question to
be decided elsewhere.

It appears that I have to pick up the gauntlet from where I threw it.

17 Returning to the issue of the applicable law in this originating summons,
it is trite legal principle that procedural matters are governed by the _lex
fori_ , while substantive matters are governed by the law to which the court
is directed by its choice of law rule: see _Dicey, Morris and Collins on the
Conflict of Laws_ , 14th Ed (Sweet & Maxwell, London, 2006) (“ _Dicey_ ”) at
[7-002]–[7-003]. The difficult question is whether the restraining of a demand
on an on-demand bond in the present circumstances is a substantive or
procedural matter.

18 In _Star City Pty Ltd v Tan Hong Woon_ [2002] 2 SLR 22 (“ _Star City_ ”),
the Court of Appeal had to consider whether s 5(2) of the Civil Law Act (Cap
43, 1999 Rev Ed) was a substantive or procedural provision. The court said
that (at [12]):

… one must look at the effect and purpose of that provision. If the provision
regulates proceedings rather than affects the existence of a legal right, it
is a procedural provision.

19 In _John Pfeiffer Pty Ltd v Rogerson_ (2000) 203 CLR 503 (“ _John Pfeiffer_
”), the plaintiff suffered personal injury in New South Wales but took out a
suit in the Australian Capital Territory (“ACT”). Unlike New South Wales, the
ACT did not have a statutory limit on the amount of damages that could be
awarded for non-economic loss. The High Court of Australia held that the
assessment of damages was governed by the _lex loci delicti_ as it was not
directed to governing or regulating the mode or conduct of court proceedings
and therefore was a matter of substance rather than procedure. While this
question is not settled in Singapore (see _Goh Suan Hee v Teo Cher Teck_
[2009] SGCA 52 at [19]–[22]), the following part of the judgment in _John
Pfeiffer_ at [99] is apt:

… matters that affect the existence, extent or enforceability of the rights or
duties of the parties to an action are matters that, on their face, appear to
be concerned with issues of substance, not with issues of procedure …

20 The essence of Shanghai Electric’s submissions is that an injunction takes
the form of a judicial remedy that is of an equitable nature, and acts _in
personam_. Further, all matters relating to the nature of a claimant’s remedy
invokes questions of procedure, and should therefore be governed by the _lex
fori_ – as stated in _Halsbury’s Laws of England_ vol 8(3) (LexisNexis, 4th Ed
Reissue, 2003) at para 21:

All matters relating to the nature of the claimant’s remedy, such as whether
the claimant is entitled to an injunction or to an order for specific
performance or for an account of profits, are for the lex fori. A claimant
bringing an action in England to enforce a foreign right will not be defeated
merely because English remedies are greater or less than, or otherwise
different from, those in the foreign country …

The above quotation is uncontroversial to the extent that it concerns the
availability of a remedy to the claimant. Indeed, the _lex fori_ must regulate
remedies to a certain extent because the court can only give its own remedies
as opposed to alien remedies. As Lord Pearson stated in _Chaplin v Boys_
[1971] AC 356 (“ _Chaplin_ ”) at 394C:

The lex fori must regulate procedure, because the court can only use its own
procedure, having no power to adopt alien procedures. To some extent, at any
rate, the lex fori must regulate remedies, because the court can only give its
own remedies[,] having no power to give alien remedies. For instance, the
English court could not make provision in its order to enable the plaintiff,
in the event of a possible future incapacity materialising, to come back and
recover in respect of it. That is alien procedure or an alien remedy and
outside the powers of an English court. On the other hand, an English court
may sometimes be able to give in respect of a tort committed in a foreign
country a remedy which the courts of that country would be unable to give. For
instance, the foreign courts might have no power to grant an injunction or to
make an order for specific performance or for an account of profits.

21 In the present case, what is in issue is not whether the remedy of an
injunction is available to Shanghai Electric: there is no doubt that it is.
The true question is whether the grant of an injunction in the present
application is a substantive right, in which case it would be governed by the
governing law of the Bond, or a matter of procedure in which case it would be
governed by the _lex fori_. To determine this issue it is necessary to
consider the purpose of the Bond. It was issued by the Bank at the behest of
Shanghai Electric who procured it pursuant to the Contract. The issue of the
Bond was a pre-condition for the Advance Payment by PT Merak to Shanghai
Electric of the sum of US$10.8m, and its purpose was to provide security to PT
Merak in the same amount in the event that Shanghai Electric was unable to
perform its obligations under the Contract. Under the Bond, the Bank undertook
to pay PT Merak up to US$10.8m upon written demand. When PT Merak made the
written demand, Shanghai Electric applied to this court for an injunction to
restrain the Bank from paying and to restrain PT Merak from receiving payment.
What is the nature of this right to the remedy of an injunction?

22 In the case of the fraud exception, as alluded to in [15] above, it is
based on the presumption of good faith. Although it is often characterised as
an interim measure to preserve the _status quo_ pending final resolution of
the dispute between the parties, the true position must be that a fraudulent
call by a beneficiary on an on-demand bond would not be valid under the
contract between the issuer and the beneficiary on account of the presumption
of good faith. Thus the beneficiary would not be entitled to receive the
proceeds that the issuer would be otherwise be obliged to pay pursuant to the
call and so the injunction is final on the matter. If the parties then proceed
to final resolution of the dispute between them and the party that procured
the bond is found to be liable to the beneficiary for a certain sum, the
beneficiary can then make another call on the on-demand bond for that sum and
the procuring party would not be able to prevent the payment as he would not
be able to make out a case of fraud.

23 In the case of unconscionability, there have been various expositions on
the nature of the exception in several cases decided after _Bocotra_. I set
out below the various authorities that have dealt with it.

24 In _Raymond Construction Pte Ltd v Low Yang Tong_ [1996] SGHC 136 (“
_Raymond Construction_ ”), Lai Kew Chai J (“Lai J”) referred to _Bocotra_ and
observed at [5]–[6] that:

5\. … The concept of "unconscionability" to me involves unfairness, as
distinct from dishonesty or fraud, or conduct of a kind so reprehensible or
lacking in good faith that a court of conscience would either restrain the
party or refuse to assist the party. Mere breaches of contract by the party in
question (in this case, the first defendant) would not by themselves be
unconscionable. Where breaches are alleged, there would generally be (counter-
allegations and) disputes when the case is before the court. Therefore the
first defendant's breaches alone would not have sufficed. In my view, _Royal
Design Studio_ (Thean J as he then was) and _Kvaerner Singapore_ (Selvam J)
are illustrations of the circumstances where payments would have been
unconscionable.

6\. … on the authorities considered, the court was elaborating on what would
amount to unconscionability sufficiently grave and serious for equity to
intervene. That proceeded on the basis that equity would step in to prevent
the enforcement of any legal right if such enforcement would have been unjust.
Any allegation of fraud was put aside. Secondly, learned counsel for the first
defendant contended that mere allegations of breaches of contract by the first
defendant did not amount to unconscionability. I agreed with him.

25 In _Dauphin Offshore Engineering & Trading Pte Ltd v The Private Office of
HRH Sheikh Sultan bin Khalifa bin Zayed Al Nahyan_ [2000] 1 SLR 657 (“
_Dauphin_ ”), the Court of Appeal elaborated more fully on what would
constitute unconscionability at [42]–[47] in the following manner:

42 We do not think it is possible to define ‘unconscionability’ other than to
give some very broad indications such as lack of bona fides. What kind of
situation would constitute unconscionability would have to depend on the facts
of each case. This is a question which the court has to consider on each
occasion where its jurisdiction is invoked. There is no pre-determined
categorisation.

43 The genesis for the line of local cases applying the concept of
unconscionability as a separate ground to restrain a call on a performance
bond is to be found in the judgment of Everleigh LJ in _Potton Homes Ltd v
Coleman Contractors Ltd_ (supra) at p 28 where he said (obiter):

Moreover, in principle I do not think it possible to say that in no
circumstances whatsoever, apart from fraud, will the court restrain the buyer.
The facts of each case must be considered. If the contract is avoided or if
there is a failure of consideration between the buyer and the seller for which
the seller undertook to procure the issue of the performance bond, I do not
see why, as between seller and buyer, the seller should not [sic — delete] be
unable to prevent a call upon the bond by the mere assertion that the bond is
to be treated as cash in hand. … If the contractor were unable to perform
because the employer failed to provide the finance, it would seem wrong to me
if the court was not entitled to have regard to the terms of underlying
contract and could be prevented from considering the question whether or not
to restrain the employer by a mere assertion that a performance bond is like a
letter of credit.

44 In _GHL v Unitrack_ (supra) this court addressed an instance where the call
would be unconscionable:

We are concerned with _abusive calls_ on the bonds. It should not be forgotten
that a performance bond can be used as an oppressive instrument, and in the
event that a beneficiary calls on the bond in circumstances, where there is
_prima facie_ evidence of fraud or unconscionability, the court should step in
to intervene at the interlocutory stage until the whole of the circumstances
of the case has been investigated. [Emphasis added]

45 In _Raymond Construction Pte Ltd v Low Yang Tong & Anor_ (supra), Lai Kew
Chai J opined:

The concept of ‘unconscionability’ to me involves unfairness, as distinct from
dishonesty or fraud, or _conduct of a kind so reprehensible or lacking in good
faith_ that a court of conscience would either restrain the party or refuse to
assist the party. _Mere breaches of contract by the party in question would
not by themselves be unconscionable_. [Emphasis added]

46 Other instances where unconscionability was held to apply are: (i) in
_Kvaerner Singapore Pte Ltd v UDL Shipbuilding (Singapore) Pte Ltd_ (supra),
the beneficiary made a call based on a breach induced by their own default and
was not permitted to do so; (ii) in _Royal Design Studios v Chang Development
Pte Ltd_ (supra), an injunction was granted where the beneficiary’s call on
the bond was based on delays in construction that were caused by the
beneficiary’s own default in failing to make timely payments on the interim
certificates issued by the architect and a considerable sum due to the account
party under the joint venture agreement was retained by the beneficiary; (iii)
in _Min Thai Holdings Pte Ltd v Sunlabel Pte Ltd & Anor_ (supra), the
defendant-buyer was restrained from calling on the performance guarantee when
the non-delivery of rice was due to floods caused by typhoon and there was a
‘force-majeure’ clause in the contract, as the court felt that it was
unconscionable, in the circumstances, for the defendant-buyer to receive
payment under the performance guarantee.

47 As for the argument that the efficacy and integrity of the performance
guarantee should not be undermined by a concept such as unconscionability,
which is less than precise, we would repeat the answer given in _GHL v
Unitrack_ (at ¶24):

It should also not be forgotten that a performance bond is basically a
security for the performance of the main contract, and as such we see no
reason, in principle, why it should be so sacrosanct and inviolate as not to
be subject to the court’s intervention except on the ground of fraud. We agree
that a beneficiary under a performance bond should be protected as to the
integrity of the security he has in case of non-performance by the party on
whose account the performance bond was issued, but a temporary restraining
order does not prejudice or adversely affect the security; it merely postpones
the realisation of the security until the party concerned is given an
opportunity to prove his case.

26 In _Eltraco International Pte Ltd v CGH Development Pte Ltd_ [2000] 4 SLR
290 (“ _Eltraco_ ”), the Court of Appeal said at [30] and [36]:

30 … Lai Kew Chai J said [in _Raymond Construction_] the concept of
‘unconscionability’ involves unfairness. We agree. That would be so. In every
instance of unconscionability there would be an element of unfairness. But the
reverse is not necessarily true. It does not mean that in every instance where
there is unfairness it would amount to ‘unconscionability’. That is a factor,
an important factor no doubt in the consideration. It is important that the
courts guard against unnecessarily interfering with contractual arrangements
freely entered into by the parties. The parties must abide by the deal they
have struck.

…

36 It must be borne in mind that the court in restraining a beneficiary from
calling on a bond on the ground of unconscionability is exercising an
equitable jurisdiction …

27 The origin of the unconscionability exception in Singapore appears to be
the decisions of the High Court in _Royal Design Studio Pte Ltd v Chang
Development Pte Ltd_ [1990] SLR 1116 and _Kvaerner Singapore Pte Ltd v UDL
Shipbuilding (Singapore) Pte Ltd_ [1993] 3 SLR 350. As noted by the Court of
Appeal in _Dauphin_ at [45], both High Court cases relied on an _obiter
dictum_ by Everleigh LJ in _Potton Homes v Coleman Contractors_ (1984) 28 BLR
19 at 28, to the effect that as between the parties to the underlying
contract, the situation is not as straightforward as between the issuing bank
and the beneficiary. It would appear from the foregoing authorities that in
restraining a call on an on-demand bond on the ground of unconscionability,
the court is exercising its equitable jurisdiction based on some notion of
fairness.

28 I return to the question posed earlier at [21], whether the grant of an
injunction in the present application is a substantive right. This issue was
before the High Court in _Econ Corporation International Limited v Ballast-
Nedam International BV_ [2003] 2 SLR 15 (“ _Econ_ ”). The defendants there had
sub-contracted construction work to the plaintiffs who in turn procured a
performance bond and advance payment guarantee in favour of the defendants.
The plaintiffs applied for, _inter alia_ , an injunction to restrain the
defendants from calling on the bond and guarantee. The plaintiffs also
obtained leave to serve the originating summons outside the jurisdiction on
the defendants in the Netherlands. The defendants applied, _inter alia_ , to
set aside the order granting leave for service outside jurisdiction. In
support of its application, the defendants argued that the court had no
jurisdiction because no substantive relief was being sought by the plaintiffs
in the proceedings. The defendants relied on the case of _Mercedes-Benz AG v
Leiduck_ [1996] 1 AC 284 (“ _Mercedes-Benz_ ”), where the Privy Council, on
appeal from Hong Kong, held that the Hong Kong court had no jurisdiction to
grant an order for service outside the jurisdiction solely for a _Mareva_
injunction, because such injunction did not decide any substantive rights and
did not call into existence any process upon which the court could work. The
plaintiffs distinguished _Mercedes-Benz_ on the ground that the relief sought
there was akin to an attachment of the defendants’ assets pending the
determination of proceedings in another jurisdiction, which was unlike the
injunction they sought. Lai J agreed with the plaintiffs and held at [16]
that:

... in this case the injunction sought by the plaintiffs is a substantive
relief and it determines the rights of the defendants under the Bond and the
Advance Payment Guarantees as to his entitlement to moneys thereunder and the
amount payable …

29 I would respectfully agree with Lai J that the right to injunction in the
case of an on-demand bond pertains to a substantive right. The essence of an
on-demand bond is that the bank must pay according to its guarantee, on
demand, without proof or conditions. In _Bocotra_ , the Court of Appeal had
this to say about a performance bond which possessed the nature of an on-
demand bond (at 741H):

… It is important to bear in mind the commercial role that performance bonds
are intended to perform. The underlying purpose of a performance bond is to
provide a security which is to be readily, promptly and assuredly realisable
when the prescribed event occurs ...

30 Any restraint on the right of the beneficiary to receive immediate payment
upon a demand on the Bond would effectively deprive him of such right to
immediate payment. The application by Shanghai Electric for an injunction
therefore concerns a substantive right vested in PT Merak under both the
Contract it had with Shanghai Electric and the terms of the Bond. It follows
therefore that English law governs the restraint on the calling of the Bond.

Whether the Demand was regular and valid

31 I turn now to consider the issues of fact. The first issue is whether the
Demand made by PT Merak was regular and valid. The Bond states, _inter alia_ ,
as follows (“the Conditions”):

WE HEREBY AGREE TO MAKE PAYMENT TO THE OWNER UPON OUR RECEIPT OF THE OWNER’S
FIRST WRITTEN DEMAND STATING:

1\. THE AMOUNT TO BE PAID TO THE OWNER,

2\. THAT SUCH AMOUNT IS DUE TO THE OWNER PURSUANT TO THE CONTRACT, AND

3\. THAT NOTICE OF DEFAULT WAS PREVIOUSLY GIVEN TO THE CONTRACTOR.

32 It is not disputed that the International Chamber of Commerce Uniform Rules
for Demand Guarantees (“ICC URDG”) and English law governs the regularity and
validity of the Demand. Indeed, this is expressly provided for in the terms of
the Bond:

THIS GUARANTY SHALL BE GOVERNED BY AND CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE LAWS
OF ENGLAND.

…

THIS GUARANTY SHALL BE GOVERNED BY AND CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH URDG 458
OF ICC, SAVE THAT IN THE EVENT OF ANY INCONSISTENCY BETWEEN THIS GUARANTY AND
URDG 458 OF ICC, THIS GUARANTY SHALL PREVAIL.

33 The question here is whether the Conditions have been duly fulfilled. The
answer, in my view, must be in the affirmative. Turning to the Demand, it is
evident that the Conditions have been met. The material portions of the Demand
are as follows:

1.1 We refer to the Advance Payment Security No 065-311-4-000479-0(001) for
USD10,800,000.00 issued by the [Bank], Singapore branch on 20 November 2007,
as amended by the Advance Payment Security issued on 5 February 2008, in
favour of PT Merak Energi Indonesia (“the Owner”).

1.2 The Owner hereby demands payment of USD10,800,000.00 (the “Amount”).

1.3 The Owner confirms that:

(a) The amount to be paid to the Owner is USD10,800,000.00;

(b) The Amount is due to the Owner pursuant to the Contract; and

(c) Notice of default was previously given to the Contractor.

…

1.5 In accordance with the Uniform Rules of Demand Guarantees of the
International Chamber of Commerce Rules (ICC Publication No. 458), the Owner
confirms that the Contractor has breached the Contract by, among others:

(a) Appointing subcontractors without approval;

(b) Procuring the manufacture of major items of Equipment without the Owner’s
approval;

(c) Failing to complete Payment Milestones by the dates required by the
Contract; and

(d) Failing to implement a quality assurance program as required by the
Contract.

1.6 The Owner has terminated the Contract for Contractor Default. The Advance
Payment made to the Contractor is due for repayment to the Owner and remains
outstanding, notwithstanding the Owner’s demand for repayment.

34 It is apparent that the Demand satisfied both the Conditions and Art 20 of
the ICC URDG. Firstly, the Demand is obviously a “written demand”. Secondly,
the Demand stated “the amount to be paid to [PT Merak]”. Thirdly, the Demand
stated “that such amount is due to [PT Merak] pursuant to the Contract”.
Fourthly, the Demand stated “that Notice of Default was previously given to
[Shanghai Electric]”. Fifthly, PT Merak had complied with the requirements of
Art 20 of the ICC URDG by stating: (a) that Shanghai Electric was in breach of
the Contract, and (b) by setting out, in general terms, the respects in which
Shanghai Electric was in breach. It is therefore my view that the Demand is
regular and valid, and I am unable to agree with Shanghai Electric’s
submission that PT Merak had failed to adequately particularise the breaches
and to identify the “Notice of Default” given under the Contract upon which
the Demand was made.

Whether PT Merak acted fraudulently and/or unconscionably in making the Demand

35 That, however, is not the end of the matter as Shanghai Electric contended
that PT Merak had acted fraudulently and/or unconscionably in making the
Demand. I had held in [30] that English law governs the restraint on the
calling of the Bond. Fraud therefore remains the only ground on which an
injunction will be granted to restrain PT Merak from calling on the Bond and
the Bank from making payment. However, for the sake of completeness I will
also make my finding on whether, even if Singapore law applied to this
application, PT Merak had acted unconscionably in making the Demand.

The law on Fraud

36 Singapore law is no different from English law on this issue. For fraud to
be established, the party who is applying for the injunction must show that
the party who made the call (_ie_ the beneficiary) had presented “a claim
which he _knows_ at the time to be an invalid claim, representing to the bank
that he believes it to be a valid claim” (see _GKN Contractors Ltd v Lloyds
Bank plc_ (1985) 30 BLR 53 at 63 (“ _GKN Contractors_ ”, emphasis added)) or
that “the beneficiary has no honest belief in the validity of the call on the
performance guarantee” (see _United Trading Corporation SA v Allied Arab Bank
Ltd_ [1985] 2 Lloyd’s Rep 554 at 561 (“ _United Trading_ ”)). For the fraud
exception to be established, it must be shown that the beneficiary was privy
to the fraud.

37 The standard of proof that Shanghai Electric must meet is a high one.
Indeed, Ackner LJ in _United Trading_ opined on the standard of proof of the
fraud exception at 561 as follows:

The evidence of fraud must be clear, both as to the fact of fraud and as to
the bank's knowledge. The mere assertion or allegation of fraud would not be
sufficient (see _Bolivinter Oil S.A. v. Chase Manhattan Bank N.A_., [1984] 1
Lloyd's Rep. 251 per Sir John Donaldson, M.R., at p. 257). We would expect the
Court to require strong corroborative evidence of the allegation, usually in
the form of contemporary documents, particularly those emanating from the
buyer. In general, for the evidence of fraud to be clear, we would also expect
the buyer to have been given an opportunity to answer the allegation and to
have failed to provide any, or any adequate answer in circumstances where one
could properly be expected. If the Court considers that on the material before
it the only realistic inference to draw is that of fraud, then the seller
would have made out a sufficient case of fraud.

…

The first question is therefore … Have the plaintiffs established that it is
seriously arguable that, on the material available, the only realistic
inference is that [the beneficiary] could not honestly have believed in the
validity of its demands on the performance bonds?”

The law on Unconscionability

38 It is settled law in Singapore that in addition to fraud, a bond injunction
may be granted on the ground of _unconscionability_. The difficulty is what
constitutes “unconscionability”. In [24] to [27] above I had set out various
expositions on the concept of unconscionability found in the authorities. As
was observed by Chao Hick Tin JA in _Eltraco_ at [31] however:

In determining whether a call on a bond is unconscionable, the entire picture
must be viewed, taking into account all the relevant factors …

39 There is therefore no simple formula that would enable a court to ascertain
whether a party had acted unconscionably in making a call on an on-demand
bond. In the final analysis, whether or not unconscionability has been made
out is largely dependent on the facts of each case. Having said that, in every
case where unconscionability is made out, there would always be an element of
unfairness or some form of conduct which appears to be performed in bad faith
(see further _Raymond Construction_). A mere breach of contract, by itself, is
insufficient to constitute unconscionability. Further, it is significant to
note that where there are genuine disputes between the plaintiff and the
defendant, a call on the bond cannot be termed as abusive as the defendant is
entitled to protect their own interest (see _Eltraco_ at [32]).

40 The Court of Appeal in _Dauphin_ set out the standard of proof to establish
unconscionability in the following manner at [57]:

In coming to this view we have borne in mind the standard of proof required of
the alleged unconscionability. In _Bocotra_ this court stated that “a higher
degree of strictness applies, as the applicant will be required to establish a
clear case of fraud or unconscionability in the interlocutory proceedings. It
is clear that mere allegations are insufficient.” In _GHL v Unitrack_ this
court implicitly endorsed the strong prima facie standard propounded by the
High Court in _Chartered Electronics Industries v Development Bank of
Singapore Ltd_ [1999] 4 SLR 655. In our opinion, what must be shown is a
_strong prima facie case of unconscionability_ … [emphasis added]

Application of the law to the facts

41 I now turn to examine the bases upon which Shanghai Electric contended that
the Demand was fraudulent or unconscionable. In this regard, Shanghai
Electric’s factual allegations on the various instances of fraudulent or
unconscionable behaviour (on the part of PT Merak) are as follows:

(a) PT Merak stated in its Demand that it had made a prior demand for
repayment of the Bond when it had not in fact done so.

(b) PT Merak’s Notice of Termination was flawed and/or issued prematurely.

(c) PT Merak was not entitled to call on the full amount of US$10.8m secured
under the Bond.

(d) PT Merak failed and/or refused to certify the completion of Payment
Milestone 5.

(e) The Addendum was executed for the avoidance of tax by PT Merak.

(f) PT Merak committed defaults under the Contract.

(g) PT Merak unreasonably/unconscionably withheld approval of
subcontractors/subsuppliers.

(h) PT Merak failed to certify and/or make payment to Shanghai Electric
expeditiously.

(i) PT Merak refused to accept receipt of the Section 5.8 Certificate when it
was allegedly delivered to their “office” on 2 March 2009.

42 In respect of allegation (a), I find that PT Merak in fact made a prior
demand for repayment from Shanghai Electric in para 9.2 of the Notice of
Termination, where PT Merak informed Shanghai Electric that “[t]he Advance
Payment made by [PT Merak] to [Shanghai Electric] is due for immediate
repayment to [PT Merak]”. I note that the Notice of Termination containing the
prior demand was issued at 9.18am (Jakarta time) (_ie_ 10.18am Singapore
time), and the Demand was made on the Bank just after 11:00am (Singapore
time). In the circumstances, there clearly was a demand for repayment made
prior to the Demand. Hence, I see no merit in Shanghai Electric’s contention.

43 Turning to allegation (b), Shanghai Electric asserted that PT Merak had
“seemingly not given due (or any) consideration to [Shanghai Electric’s]
proposed Contractor’s Remedial Plan as required by s 19.2.2(b) of the
Contract,” had “unreasonably rejected” the Contractor Remedial Plan, and
“abruptly terminated” the Contract. The salient portions of s 19 of the
Contract are as follows:

**19.2.1Contractor Defaults**

The occurrence of any of the following events shall constitute a “**
_Contractor Default_** ”:

…

(b) Contractor otherwise fails adequately to perform any of its material
obligations under this Contract;

…

**19.2.2Rights of Owner upon Contractor Default**

In addition to any other remedies Owner may have under this Contract:

…

(b) If a Contractor Default occurs under Section 19.2.1(b) Owner may provide
notice of default to Contractor (a “** _Notice of Contractor Default_** ”).
Contractor shall have thirty (30) Days from its receipt of a Notice of
Contractor Default in which to cure such Contractor Default. If a Contractor
Default is capable of being cured, but not within thirty (30) Days from the
receipt of a Notice of Contractor Default regarding such Contractor Default,
Contractor shall deliver to Owner a plan (“** _Contractor Remedial Plan_** ”)
within ten (10) Days from the receipt of the Notice of Contractor Default (or
within such longer time as Contractor may reasonably require as demonstrated
to the satisfaction of Owner within such ten (10)-Day period), specifying what
remedial actions Contractor plans to take and the number of Days Contractor
reasonably believes are necessary to cure such Contractor Default. The
Contractor Remedial Plan shall be subject to Owner’s prior written approval,
such approval not to be unreasonably withheld. If (i) the Contractor Default
is not cured within such thirty (30)-Day period (or such longer period as
Owner may have approved in writing in the Contractor Remedial Plan), (ii)
Contractor is not at all times diligently proceeding to cure the Contractor
Default, or (iii) Owner reasonably withholds its approval of the proposed
Contractor Remedial Plan after not less than ten (10) Days following its
submittal, Owner shall have the immediate right to terminate this Contract by
delivering to Contractor a notice of termination, which termination shall be
effective as of the date of such notice.

…

[emphasis in original]

It was also in dispute as to which (if any) of the letters sent out by
Shanghai Electric constituted the Contractor Remedial Plan.

44 In my view, this is a factual issue which is best resolved in arbitration.
In any event, I find that a plain reading of s 19.2.2(b) of the Contract
favours PT Merak’s case more than Shanghai Electric’s allegation. Indeed, PT
Merak’s submission that it is entitled to terminate the Contract _as soon as
after 20 days_ from Shanghai Electric’s receipt of the Notice of Contractor
Default accords with an unstrained reading of s 19.2.2(b) of the Contract. It
is not obliged to wait until the end of the 30-day period. I therefore cannot
agree with Shanghai Electric’s contention that should PT Merak choose to
reasonably withhold their approval of the Contractor Remedial Plan, Shanghai
Electric would still have a _minimum_ of 30 days from receipt of the Notice of
Contractor Default to cure the Contractor Default(s).

45 Further, it is my view that only the first Letter constituted the
Contractor Remedial Plan which was in the form of an attachment titled
“Remedial proposal Rev. C”. By no stretch of the imagination can one consider
the second or the third Letters to be a part of the Contractor Remedial Plan.

46 As for allegation (c), Shanghai Electric argued that PT Merak failed to
effect progressive reductions of the sum payable under the Bond with respect
to Payment Milestones 6, 7 and 8. However PT Merak pointed out that as a
consequence of the addendum, the parties reached an understanding that the sum
under the Bond would be made only in relation to Payment Milestones for the
“offshore” portion of the Work. Therefore these progressive reductions only
apply to the “offshore” portion of the Work which included the procurement of
equipment and materials and the performance of the services by Shanghai
Electric, as more fully described in exhibit A and exhibit O of the Contract
(pursuant to the definition of “Work” under the Contract).

47 In so far as allegations (d) to (i) are concerned, these clearly concern
genuine disputes of fact between the Parties. Indeed, the best case that
Shanghai Electric has is that all these allegations (from (a) to (i))
constitute genuine disputes of fact between the Parties which ought to be
ironed out at the arbitration proceedings. In view of the foregoing, the
Demand by PT Merak clearly cannot be considered as fraudulent. The only issue
is whether it can be considered unconscionable. One important factor in the
present case is the fact that PT Merak had already paid the Advance Payment of
US$10.8m. By calling on the Bond, PT Merak is only effecting the return of the
monies it had paid out in advance to Shanghai Electric. This feature of the
case stands in stark contrast to the previous cases in which the Singapore
courts have restrained calls on on-demand bonds on the ground of
unconscionability. I do not see it as crossing the threshold of
unconscionability in the present case for PT Merak to obtain the money it had
advanced in the event of a dispute, as the parties had agreed to at the
outset. I can do no better than to turn to _Potton Homes_ which, according to
the Court of Appeal in _Dauphin_ at [43], is the origin of the
unconscionability exception in Singapore. There, Eveleigh LJ had this to say
about advance payments at 28:

For a large construction project the employer may agree to provide finance
(perhaps by way of advance payments) to enable the contractor to undertake the
works. The contractor will almost certainly be asked to provide a performance
bond. If the contractor were unable to perform because the employer failed to
provide the finance, it would seem wrong to me if the court was not entitled
to have regard to the terms of the underlying contract and could be prevented
from considering the question whether or not to restrain the employer by the
mere assertion that a performance bond is like a letter of credit.

In the present case, the situation is reversed. The employer has alleged that
the contractor was unable to perform despite having been provided the finance.
It does not seem to me that it would be unconscionable for the employer to
make a call on the bond under these circumstances. Indeed it would appear to
me to be unconscionable to restrain him from doing so.

Conclusion

48 For the reasons set out above, I am of the view that the Injunction should
be set aside and so order. I will hear parties on the question of costs.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 06 Jan 2010 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

