Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  MEP Systems Pte Ltd _v_ Azuma Engineering (S) Pte Ltd  
[2010] SGHC 282

Case Number| :| Originating Summons No 306 of 2010  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 22 September 2010  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Choo Han Teck J  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Thomas Tan Boon Yong and Shabnam Arashan (Haridass Ho &
Partners) for the plaintiff; Tan Cheng Kiong and Ravi Arumugam (C K Tan & Co)
for the defendant.  
Parties| :|  MEP Systems Pte Ltd — Azuma Engineering (S) Pte Ltd  
  
[LawNet Editorial Note: The appeal to this decision in Civil Appeal No 170 of
2010 was allowed by the Court of Appeal on 7 April 2011. See [2011] SGCA 10.]

22 September 2010|  
---|---  
  
Choo Han Teck J:

1 The defendant granted an option to purchase dated 30 October 2008 to the
plaintiff. The property in question was at all material times owned by the
Jurong Town Corporation (“JTC”) and over which the plaintiff held a lease for
30 years (commencing from 18 January 1982). The operative clauses of the
option to purchase read as follows:

**IN CONSIDERATION** of the 2% option money of Singapore Dollars Forty Six
Thousand only (S$46,400.00) (sic) received by us from you. [W]e, M/s Azuma
Engineering (S) Pte Ltd of No. 186 Gul Circle Singapore 629631 (hereinafter
called ‘the Vendor’) hereby make the following offer which remains open for
acceptance in the manner hereinafter stated **_until 4.00 pm on the 17 th
November 2008_**.

We hereby offer to sell to you the Property upon the terms set out below.

This offer may be accepted by you by signing the page marked ‘ACCEPTANCE COPY’
and delivering the same duly signed together with 10% of the purchase price
(less the 2% option monies paid), amounting to Singapore Dollars One Hundred
Eighty Five Thousand and Six Hundred only (S$185,600) (hereinafter called “the
deposit”)(which 10% shall form part of the purchase price on completion) to
**M/s CK Tan & Co**. of No. 50 Armenian Street #03-04 Wilmer Place Singapore
179938, telephone : XXXXXXXX, who are authorised to acknowledge receipt of the
deposit on our behalf on or **before 4.00 pm on the 17 th December 2008**
which deposit is to be held by our solicitors as stakeholders pending
completion.

[emphasis in original]

2 There was no dispute that the option was duly and properly executed.
However, the “confirmation letter from the JTC” was not obtained within the
time specified under the option. The option of purchase provided, by cl 23,
that:

In the event of JTC not granting or not issuing any confirmation letter as
mentioned in clause 5.4 herein by 14th November 2008, the parties hereto shall
mutually agree to an extension of time of one (1) month to enable the Vendor
to obtain the said letter. If the said JTC’s letter as mentioned under clause
5.4 is still not obtained or not granted, the sale and purchase herein shall
become null and void. In such an event, the Vendor shall refund to the
Purchaser the 10% of the purchase price paid within 7 days without demand,
without any interest compensation or deduction whatsoever and each party shall
bear their its (sic) own costs and neither party shall have any claim or
demand against the other party for damages, costs or otherwise whatsoever in
the matter.

3 The confirmation letter was not obtained by 14 November 2008 and so by cl
23, the defendant was granted an extension of one month to procure the letter.
The defendant was unable to get the letter by 13 December 2008. The
plaintiff’s director Ng Tock Ping, their lawyer Tan Kah Hin, their accounts
manager, Margaret Foo and the defendant’s property agent Mike Yeo, met and
Mike Yeo was told that the 14 December 2008 deadline had passed and the
requisite confirmation letter from JTC had not been produced. On 19 December
2008 the plaintiff wrote to the defendant’s agent to rescind the option to
purchase. The plaintiff thus prayed for a declaration that the option was
rescinded and for the refund of $232,000 and $16,240 being the 10% deposit and
GST paid upon exercise of the option to purchase on 17 November 2008.

4 Mr Tan Cheng Kiong, counsel for the defendant, submitted that the JTC had no
objections to the assignment and an extension of the lease. Whether JTC had
indeed agreed with the defendant to the extension and assignment was
important, but what was fundamental was that the defendant was to provide
proof of that to the plaintiff as agreed. Otherwise the plaintiff was entitled
to rescind the contract. A letter dated 11 December 2008 from the JTC to the
defendant stated that:

This letter is to confirm that the lease extension of 23 years (with effect
from 18 January 2012) has been approved and granted for the above premises

This letter (approved for extension but silent on assignment) was not shown to
the plaintiff until after 18 December 2008. More importantly, this letter was
signed by JTC and sent to the defendant after 15 December 2008. The letter of
approval of the extension and assignment was therefore a crucial document and
cll 5.3, 5.4 and 23 of the option to purchase were therefore fundamental to
the agreement between the plaintiff and the defendant. The non-compliance by
the defendant entitled the plaintiff to rescind. The affidavit evidence showed
that the defendant was still insisting on performance of the agreement even
after 14 December 2008. Although the plaintiff engaged it in reply, the
contract had already been rescinded. Accordingly in my view, the plaintiff was
entitled to the declaration and orders prayed for.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 22 Sep 2010 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

