Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Teh Siew Hua _v_ Tan Kim Chiong  
[2010] SGHC 172

Case Number| :| Divorce Petition No 2178 of 1991; (Summons No 600037 of 2010)  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 04 June 2010  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Steven Chong J  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Lim Hui Min (Legal Aid Bureau) for the Petitioner; The
Respondent in person.  
Parties| :|  Teh Siew Hua — Tan Kim Chiong  
  
4 June 2010|  
---|---  
  
Steven Chong J:

Introduction

1 This was an application by Mdm Teh Siew Hua (“the Petitioner”) under s
112(4) of the Women’s Charter (Cap 353, 2009 Rev Ed) to vary an order made by
the High Court in a Decree Nisi granted on 30 January 1992, some 19 years ago.

2 At the end of the hearing, I granted the Petitioner’s application, but in
view of the novel point this case raised under the Limitation Act (Cap 163,
1996 Rev Ed) (“the Act”), I now give the reasons for my decision. I was
informed by counsel for the Petitioner, Ms Lim Hui Min, that the situation
faced by the Petitioner is not an uncommon one and therefore it would be
useful for a reasoned decision to be delivered.

Background

3 The marriage between the Petitioner and Mr Tan Kim Chiong (“the
Respondent”), solemnised on 4 January 1965, was dissolved by a Decree Nisi
dated 30 January 1992 granted by K S Rajah JC. It was further ordered in para
1 of the Decree Nisi that:

The Respondent do transfer his interest in the matrimonial property known as
“Blk 813 Tampines Street 81, #11-544, Singapore 1852” to the Petitioner.

4 The Decree Nisi was made absolute on 26 May 1992, but the Respondent took no
steps to comply with the order and transfer his interest in the matrimonial
property (now known as “Blk 813 Tampines Street 81, #11-544, Singapore
520813”) to the Petitioner. On her part, the Petitioner took no steps to
compel the Respondent to effect the transfer until recently, in November 2009,
when she requested that the Respondent do so. As the Petitioner was getting on
in years, she decided to take steps to regularise the situation to ensure that
her beneficiaries, _ie_ her children, would not face difficulties from the
Respondent should she pass away.

5 The Respondent, however, refused to comply, and asked for the property to be
sold and the proceeds to be divided equally. Such a course of action being
unacceptable to the Petitioner, she then applied, via the Legal Aid Bureau, to
vary the Decree Nisi by including the following two orders:

1\. That the Respondent is to sign all the necessary documents to effect the
transfer of the matrimonial flat referred to in paragraph 1 of the Decree Nisi
within 7 days of the service of this order on the Respondent by ordinary post
(“the stipulated time”).

2\. That should the Respondent fail to sign the necessary documents to effect
the said transfer within the stipulated time, the Registrar of the Supreme
Court is to be empowered to sign all the necessary transfer documents on his
behalf.

Issues

6 The Respondent challenged the application on the sole basis that he had no
knowledge of the order because both the petition and the consequent order were
not served on him. This initially posed difficulties to the Petitioner since
the order was made some time ago and she was unable to fully explain the
circumstances under which the order came to be made. Eventually, however, the
Legal Aid Bureau managed to retrieve the court file and an affidavit was filed
to exhibit the earlier affidavit of service which was filed for the Decree
Nisi. It was clear from the affidavit of service that the Respondent had
knowledge of the petition. Given that it happened so long ago, it was perhaps
understandable that the Respondent was unable to recall the precise
circumstances under which the order was made.

7 Although this effectively disposed of the objection raised by the
Respondent, I expressed concern at the hearing that there might be a question
of a time bar. The Decree Nisi was granted in 1992, but the Petitioner had
failed to take any step to enforce the order therein for 19 years. In
particular, I queried whether:

(a)

the application was time-barred under s 6(3) of the Act;

(b)

the application required the leave of court under O 46, r 2(1)(a) of the Rules
of Court (Cap 322, R 5, 2006 Rev Ed) (“ROC”);

(c)

the application was time-barred under s 9(1) of the Act; and

(d)

the application was defeated by acquiescence, laches or delay.

8 Counsel for the Petitioner, Ms Lim, was able to expeditiously furnish me
with a clear and comprehensive set of submissions and authorities which
addressed these questions, and I would like to record my deep appreciation and
gratitude to her and the Legal Aid Bureau for their assistance in this matter,
as well as for the commendable work that they do.

Preliminary Observations on s 112(4) of the Women’s Charter

9 The power of the court to vary an order as to the division of matrimonial
assets is to be found in s 112(4) of the Women’s Charter, which reads:

The court may, _at any time it thinks fit_ , extend, vary, revoke or discharge
any order made under this section, and may vary any term or condition upon or
subject to which any such order has been made.

[emphasis added]

10 It has been suggested that an order for the division of matrimonial assets
is a “one-off order” and as such, does not allow for variation: Leong Wai Kum,
_Principles of Family Law in Singapore_ (Singapore: Butterworths Asia, 1997)
at p 910, approved in _Lee Kok Yong v Lee Guek Hua (alias Li Yuehua)_ [2007]
SGHC 26 at [16]. Nonetheless, the court can vary such an order if it is
appropriate to do so, such as where the court order is unworkable or did not
provide for a particular situation or contingency which has arisen subsequent
to the order: _Nalini d/o Ramachandran v Saseedaran Nair s/o Krishnan_ [2010]
SGHC 98 at [13].

11 The express wording of s 112(4) of the Women’s Charter ([9] above), in
particular the operative phrase “ _at any time it thinks fit_ ”, appears to
suggest that the power it confers on the court to vary or revoke any previous
order cannot be extinguished by the mere lapse of time. Whether this
suggestion is correct, however, would depend on further consideration of the
provisions of the Act since, as McGee, _Limitation Periods_ (London: Sweet &
Maxwell, 5th Ed, 2006) (“McGee”) points out at para 1.046:

[I]t follows from the absence of any common law concept of limitation that in
the event of a lacuna in the statutory provisions, no limitation period will
apply.

Whether the Application was Time-Barred under s 6(3) of the Act

12 Section 6(3) of the Act provides:

An action upon any judgment shall not be brought after the expiration of 12
years from the date on which the judgment became enforceable and no arrears of
interest in respect of any judgment debt shall be recovered after the
expiration of 6 years from the date on which the interest became due.

13 “Action” is defined in s 2 of the Act as including “a suit or any other
proceedings in a court”. It followed, therefore, that if the Petitioner’s
application was “an action upon any judgment”, it would have been time-barred
by the operation of s 6(3) of the Act.

14 In my view, the Petitioner’s application was not “an action upon any
judgment”, and s 112(4) of the Women’s Charter was therefore not subject to s
6(3) of the Act.

15 The Act was based on the UK’s Limitation Act 1939 (2 & 3 Geo 6, c 21) (see
[50] of the Court of Appeal’s judgment in _Poh Soon Kiat v Desert Palace Inc
(trading as Caesars Palace)_ [2010] 1 SLR 1129 (“ _Caesars Palace (CA)_ ”), s
2(4) of which was _in pari materia_ with s 6(3) of the Act, while s 31 read:

“Action” includes any proceedings in a court of law, including an
ecclesiastical court.

Following the final report of the Law Reform Committee on _Limitations of
Actions_ (1977) (Cmnd 6923), the Limitation Act 1939 was subsequently re-
enacted as the Limitation Act 1980 (c 58), s 24(1) of which was identical to s
2(4) of the Limitation Act 1939 and s 6(3) of the Act, save that the
limitation period was reduced from 12 years to 6 years, while the definition
of “action” in s 38(1) of the Limitation Act 1980 remained the same as in s 31
of the Limitation Act 1939.

16 Given the history of the Act, English judgments on the scope of s 2(4) of
the Limitation Act 1939 and s 24(1) of the Limitation Act 1980 are highly
persuasive authorities on the interpretation of s 6(3) of the Act. Indeed, the
Court of Appeal in _Caesars Palace (CA)_ stated at [53] that:

In our view, since [the Act] can be traced back to the 1939 UK Limitation Act,
Brandon J’s decision in _Berliner Industriebank_ is authoritative on the ambit
of ss 6(1)(_a_) and 6(3) of [the Act]…

[emphasis added]

The reference is to _Berliner Industriebank Aktiengesellschaft v Jost_ [1971]
1 QB 278 (“ _Berliner Industriebank_ ”), which was itself founded on the
reasoning employed in an earlier case, _W T Lamb & Sons v Rider_ [1948] 2 KB
331 (“ _Lamb_ ”).

17 In _Lamb_ , the plaintiffs obtained judgment against the defendant for the
price of goods sold and delivered in December 1938, but no steps were taken to
enforce the judgment until March 1946. Since more than 6 years had passed, the
plaintiffs needed leave to proceed to execution under Ord 42, r 23(a) of the
UK’s Rules of the Supreme Court, 1883 (“RSC”) (similar to O 46, r 2(1)(a) of
the ROC (see below at [30])). Before the English Court of Appeal, the
plaintiffs contended that they did not require leave to issue execution, on
the ground that Ord 42, r 23 was _ultra vires_ the statutory right, contained
in s 2(4) of the Limitation Act 1939, to issue execution at any time up to 12
years. In particular, it was contended that proceeding to execution counted as
“any proceedings in a court of law” in s 31 of the Limitation Act 1939 and was
therefore “an action upon any judgment” in s 2(4).

18 Rejecting this contention, Scott LJ held at 338 that s 2(4) of the
Limitation Act 1939 dealt only with the substantive right to sue for and
obtain a judgment, while RSC Ord 42 was only concerned with the procedural
machinery for enforcing a judgment that had already been obtained. Scott LJ
then concluded that:

The two subjects were formerly quite independent and distinct, the one from
the other, and we are quite unable to attribute to the definition of "action"
in the Limitation Act, 1939, the effect of merging the two together.

19 This reasoning was followed by Brandon J in _Berliner Industriebank_ , the
facts of which are immaterial for present purposes, where he concluded at 293
that:

… the word “enforceable” in section 2(4) of the Limitation Act, 1939… means
“enforceable by action on the judgment” and not “enforceable by execution on
the judgment.”

20 It is clear, therefore, that _Lamb_ and _Berliner Industriebank_ viewed s
2(4) of the Limitation Act 1939 as being concerned with the substantive right
to bring a fresh action on a judgment, and not the procedural right of
execution of an existing judgment, which was considered a separate right.

21 This result was endorsed, albeit reluctantly, by a unanimous House of Lords
in _Lowsley v Forbes (trading as L E Design Services)_ [1999] 1 AC 329 (“
_Lowsley v Forbes”_). In that case, the plaintiffs obtained judgment against
the defendant in February 1981, but the judgment remained unenforced till the
plaintiffs obtained leave to execute the judgment under Ord 46, r 2(1)(a) of
the UK’s Rules of the Supreme Court 1965 (SI 1965 No 1776) (the successor to
RSC Ord 42, r 23(a) and identical to O 46, r 2(1)(a) of the ROC (see below at
[30])). One of the questions before the House of Lords was whether s 24(1) of
the Limitation Act 1980 barred the plaintiffs from proceeding to execution.

22 Lord Lloyd of Berwick, delivering the judgment of the House, disagreed with
the reasoning of Scott LJ in _Lamb_ , but held that it must have been taken by
Parliament to represent the existing law when Parliament accepted the
recommendations of the Law Reform Committee and enacted s 24(1) of the
Limitation Act 1980 with no changes other than the reduction of the limitation
period from 12 years to 6 years. Consequently, Lord Lloyd held at 342 that:

“Action” in s 24(1) means a fresh action, and does not include proceedings by
way of execution.

23 The interpretation established by _Lamb_ and _Lowsley v Forbes_ was
confirmed again by the English Court of Appeal in _Ridgeway Motors (Isleworth)
Ltd v ALTS Ltd_ [2005] 1 WLR 2871 (“ _Ridgeway Motors_ ”), where a judgment
for costs was obtained by the appellant in 1998, but the judgment debt
remained unpaid till 2004. When the respondent, as judgment creditor,
presented a winding up petition, the appellant applied to strike out the
petition, contending that it fell within the definition of “action” in s 38(1)
of the Limitation Act 1980, and as such it was statute-barred under s 24(1) of
the 1980 Act.

24 Mummery LJ stated at [29] that, notwithstanding the extended definition of
“action” in s 38(1) of the Limitation Act 1980:

“An action upon a judgment” has been treated since _WT Lamb & Sons v Rider_
[1948] 2 KB 331 by the courts, by the Law Reform Committee and by Parliament
itself as having the special or technical meaning of a "fresh action" brought
upon a judgment in order to obtain a second judgment, which can be executed.

At the same time, Mummery LJ did not regard a winding up petition as a process
of execution of the judgment on which the petition was based. Instead, he
considered that a winding up petition was _sui generis_ , but in any event not
within s 24(1) of the 1980 Act and therefore not statute-barred.

25 Mummery LJ did not consider this to be an unsatisfactory result, as he
accepted at [31] that there were good policy reasons for distinguishing
between action and execution:

There is, in my opinion, much to be said for the submission of Mr Anthony Mann
QC, appearing as counsel for the plaintiff judgment creditors in _Lowsley v
Forbes_ [1999] 1 AC 329, 333:

“… Limitation statutes are intended to prevent stale claims, to relieve a
potential defendant of the uncertainty of a potential claim against [him] and
to remove the injustice of increasing difficulties of proof as time goes by.
These considerations do not apply to execution. If it is unfair to have a
judgment debt outstanding with interest running at a high rate, the debtor has
the remedy of paying the debt or taking out his own bankruptcy if he cannot
pay it.”

26 I was of the opinion that the interpretation adopted by the English courts
in _Lamb_ , _Berliner Industriebank_ , _Lowsley v Forbes_ and _Ridgeway
Motors_ on s 2(4) of the Limitation Act 1939 and s 24(1) of the Limitation Act
1980 was also the interpretation to be given to s 6(3) of the Act for two
reasons.

27 First, the earliest version of the Act – the Limitation Ordinance 1959 (Ord
No 57 of 1959) – was enacted long after _Lamb_ , and it was to be presumed
that Parliament, in adopting the English regime set out in the Limitation Act
1939, was aware of the interpretation given to s 2(4) of the latter Act by the
English courts. Further, the fact that the Act was re-enacted a number of
times thereafter, with no adverse comment by Parliament on the interpretations
adopted by the English courts, led to the inference that, as Lord Lloyd
commented at 342 in _Lowsley v Forbes_ , “Parliament [had] given its blessing
to _W T Lamb & Sons v Rider_…”

28 Second, the interpretation adopted by the English courts has also been
accepted by the local courts. In _Tan Kim Seng v Ibrahim Victor Adam_ [2004] 1
SLR(R) 181, our Court of Appeal commented on s 6(3) of the Act and stated at
[29] that:

…one must bear in mind the distinction between “execution” and “an action upon
any judgment”. In _Halsbury's Laws of England, Vol 28_ (4th Ed, Reissue, 1997)
at para 916, the learned authors stated the following in a footnote, in
commenting on the equivalent English provision:

[A]n action upon a judgment applies only to the enforcement of judgments by
suing on them and does not apply to the issue of executions upon judgments for
which the leave of the court is required, after six years have elapsed, by RSC
Ord 46 r 2(1)(a); in matters of limitation the right to sue on a judgment has
always been regarded as quite distinct from the right to issue execution under
it, but the court will not give leave to issue execution when the right of
action is barred: …

Although no citation was provided, it was clear that the passage quoted from
_Halsbury’s Laws of England_ was derived from _Lamb_ and _Berliner
Industriebank_.

29 Similar endorsements of the English judgments can be found in [53] of
_Caesars Palace (CA)_ (see above at [15]), as well as [63] to [68] of _Desert
Palace Inc (trading as Caesars Palace) v Poh Soon Kiat_ [2009] 1 SLR(R) 71 (“
_Caesars Palace (HC)_ ”) (which was not overruled by the Court of Appeal on
this point).

30 On the basis of these authorities, I therefore decided that the
Petitioner’s application was not “an action upon any judgment” within s 6(3)
of the Act as it was not a “fresh action” brought on a judgment in order to
obtain a second judgment, and consequently was not barred after the lapse of
12 (or more) years.

31 This conclusion raised the question as to when, if ever, s 6(3) of the Act
would bite, given that a judgment creditor who brought a fresh action on a
judgment (which was not executed) would simply end up with a new judgment
which he would then have to take further steps to execute.

32 To understand the ambit of s 6(3) of the Act, it is necessary to appreciate
some of the legal history behind the enforcement of judgments. There are two
ways of enforcing judgments: by action and by execution (see _Caesars Palace
(HC)_ at [63]). As McGee states at para 17.003 (see also _Lamb_ at 336):

The practice of bringing an action on a judgment was common in the days when
the common law presumption was that a judgment was satisfied after a year and
a day if no execution had been issued. In such cases the only way to “enforce”
the judgment was by an action of debt upon it. Even today bringing a second
action in this way is a matter of right, although the court may decline to
give judgment in the second action if it regards it as an abuse of process. In
determining whether it is an abuse of process, the availability of execution
is a relevant factor.

In fact, there is authority to the effect that an action on a judgment will be
dismissed as an abuse of the process of the court if the ordinary process of
execution was available: _Pritchett v English and Colonial Syndicate_ [1899] 2
QB 428, 435 (per Lindley MR); _E D & F Man (Sugar) Ltd v Haryanto_ [1996]
Times LR 491 (“ _Haryanto_ ”), 492 (per Leggatt LJ).

33 While it is true that, in practice, actions on judgments are now very rare
for this reason (see Oughton, Lowry and Merkin, _Limitation of Actions_ (LLP:
London, 1998) (“ _Limitation of Actions_ ”), p 137-138), they are nonetheless
still maintainable in exceptional circumstances, and it is in those cases that
s 6(3) of the Act remains relevant. Indeed, at para 4.15 of the Law Reform
Committee’s final report on _Limitations of Actions_ ([15] above), after
recommending the reduction of the limitation period in s 2(4) of the
Limitation Act 1939 (the equivalent of s 6(3) of the Act) from 12 years to 6
years, the Law Reform Committee commented:

If these recommendations are accepted, there will in future rarely be any
advantage in attempting to enforce a judgment by means of a fresh action,
since the period for execution itself will be at least as long as that for the
further action. _It would, however, possibly be to a judgment creditor’s
advantage to sue on the judgment so as to give himself a fresh limitation
period (running from the judgment in the new action), since he would not then
be dependent on the exercise of the court’s discretion to extend the time for
enforcing the earlier judgment by execution. But such a situation would not
often occur…_

[emphasis added]

34 A fresh action on a judgment was held not to be an abuse of process and
therefore allowed in the following cases: in _Haryanto_ , where execution was
unavailable as the defendant went to great lengths to evade payments due from
him under various judgments and arbitration awards; in _Bennett v The Governor
and Company of the Bank of Scotland_ [2004] EWCA Civ 988, where the defendant
bank commenced the new action in order to preserve its rights to take
bankruptcy proceedings against the plaintiff pending the uncertain outcome of
an appeal to the House of Lords; and in _Kuwait Oil Tanker Company SAK v Al
Bader_ [2008] EWHC 2432 (Comm), where the plaintiffs instituted the fresh
action, a few days before the expiry of the 6 year limitation period under s
24(1) of the Limitation Act 1980, out of an abundance of caution, as it was
feared that efforts to recover the judgment debt from the defendant in
Switzerland might be prejudiced should the first judgment cease to be
enforceable in England on the expiry of the limitation period.

Whether the Application required the Leave of Court under O 46, r 2(1)(a) of
the Rules of Court

35 O 46, r 2(1)(a) of the ROC provides:

**When leave to issue any writ of execution is necessary (O. 46, r. 2)**

**2**. – (1) A writ of execution to enforce a judgment or order may not issue
without the leave of the Court in the following cases:

(a) where 6 years or more have lapsed since the date of the judgment or order;

…

36 O 46, r 1 provides that, unless the context otherwise requires, “writ of
execution” includes a writ of seizure and sale, a writ of possession and a
writ of delivery.

37 Given that the Petitioner’s application, if granted, would not result in
the issuance of a writ of execution within the meaning of O 46, r 1 (as she
had been in possession of the matrimonial property continually since 1991),
there would be no necessity for her to seek the leave of court under O 46, r
2(1)(a) of the ROC.

38 Ms Lim submitted that the Petitioner’s application under s 112(4) of the
Women’s Charter was therefore neither a fresh action nor a process of
execution. Instead, it was of a _sui generis_ nature, just as a winding up
petition was regarded as _sui generis_ by Mummery LJ in _Ridgeway Motors_ (see
above at [24]). A winding up petition is strictly speaking not a form of
execution (assuming the petitioner is a judgment creditor) as it may lead to
the company being wound up with no recovery accruing to the petitioner. It
cannot, in such a case, be said that the petitioner is enforcing the judgment
he had obtained, if he does not receive the very satisfaction or relief which
the judgment would have otherwise entitled him to. Creditors sometimes adopt
this route in order to claim tax reliefs for bad debts rather than for the
purposes of enforcing a judgment debt. Viewed in this way, a winding up
petition may indeed be characterised as _sui generis_ , as it was in _Ridgeway
Motors_. However, I was not convinced that this was the right way of viewing
the matter in the present case, for it seemed to me that the application was
indeed a process of executing the Decree Nisi, albeit one that would not
require a writ of execution or possession. Although couched as an application
to vary, it was effectively an application to enforce the earlier order (since
the Petitioner was seeking the very relief the Decree Nisi entitled her to).
However, it was not necessary for me to decide the exact juridical nature of
the Petitioner’s application in order to grant it. Suffice it to say that it
is not governed by O 46, r 2(1)(a) of the ROC.

Whether the Application was Time-Barred under s 9(1) of the Act

39 The third question was whether the Petitioner’s application was barred
under s 9(1) of the Act, which provides:

No action shall be brought by any person to recover any land after the
expiration of 12 years from the date on which the right of action accrued to
him, or, if it first accrued to some person through whom he claims, to that
person.

40 Notwithstanding that the Petitioner was seeking to compel the Respondent to
transfer his interest in the matrimonial property to her, I decided that the
application did not fall foul of s 9(1) of the Act, for the simple reason
that, as ss 10(1) and 15 of the Act indicate, s 9 of the Act is concerned with
an action by a person with legal title to the land against an adverse
possessor:

**Accrual of right of action in case of present interests in land**.

**10**. – (1) Where the person bringing an action to recover land or some
person through whom he claims has been in possession thereof and has, whilst
entitled thereto, _been dispossessed or discontinued his possession_ , _the
right of action shall be deemed to have accrued on the date of the
dispossession or discontinuance_.

**Right of action not to accrue or continue unless there is adverse
possession**.

**15**. – (1)  _No right of action to recover land shall be deemed to accrue
unless the land is in the possession of some person_ in whose favour the
period of limitation can run (referred to in this section as _adverse
possession_).

(2) Where under this Act any such right of action is deemed to accrue on a
certain date and no person is in adverse possession on that date, the right of
action shall not be deemed to accrue unless adverse possession is taken of the
land.

(3) Where a right of action to recover land has accrued and thereafter, before
the right is barred, the land ceases to be in adverse possession, the right of
action shall no longer be deemed to have accrued and _no fresh right of action
shall be deemed to accrue unless the land is again taken into adverse
possession_.

…

[emphasis added]

41 This is also the position in the UK with regard to the equivalent
provisions of the Limitation Act 1980: _Buckinghamshire County Council v
Moran_ [1990] 1 Ch 623, 644 (per Nourse LJ).

42 There was no question of adverse possession in this case, as the Petitioner
had continually been in possession of the matrimonial property even prior to
the date of the Decree Nisi. Consequently, the operation of s 9(1) of the Act
was not triggered.

Whether the Application was Defeated by Acquiescence, Laches or Delay

43 Section 32 of the Act provides that:

**Acquiescence**

**32**. Nothing in this Act shall affect any equitable jurisdiction to refuse
relief on the ground of acquiescence, laches or otherwise.

44 Notwithstanding this provision, however, I decided that the Petitioner’s
application was not barred on the grounds of acquiescence or laches for three
reasons.

45 First, these defences only operate against claims for equitable relief (see
_Limitation of Actions_ , p 22). As the Petitioner was seeking a statutory
remedy under s 112(4) of the Women’s Charter, the equitable defences of
acquiescence and laches were inapplicable.

46 Second, s 112(4) of the Women’s Charter expressly contemplates that the
power it confers may be exercised by the court “at any time it thinks fit”
(see above at [9]).

47 Third, the operation of the defences of acquiescence and laches is
generally contingent on the defendant being unjustly prejudiced by the
plaintiff’s dilatoriness. As Sir Barnes Peacock stated in _The Lindsay
Petroleum Company v Prosper Armstrong Hurd, Abram Farewell, and John Kemp_
(1874) LR 5 PC 221, 239-240:

Where it would be practically _unjust_ to give a remedy, either because the
party has, by his conduct, done that which might fairly be regarded as
equivalent to a waiver of it, or where by his conduct and neglect he has,
though perhaps not waiving that remedy, yet put the other party in _a
situation in which it would not be reasonable to place him if the remedy were
afterwards to be asserted_ , in either of these cases, lapse of time and delay
are most material. But in every case, if an argument against relief, which
otherwise would be just, is founded upon mere delay, that delay of course not
amounting to a bar by any statute of limitations, the validity of that defence
must be tried upon principles substantially equitable. Two circumstances,
always important in such cases, are, the length of the delay and _the nature
of the acts done during the interval_ , which might affect either party and
cause a balance of justice or injustice in taking the one course or the other,
so far as relates to the remedy.

[emphasis added]

In this case, no prejudice would have been caused to the Respondent by
granting the application, given that he had had 19 years to comply with the
order in the Decree Nisi, and that there was no evidence that, during that
time, he had relied to his detriment on the Petitioner’s failure to enforce
the judgment.

Other Considerations

48 As limitation is a defence that must be pleaded by the defendant (see s 4
of the Act and O 18, r 8(1)(a)), and since the Respondent had not specifically
pleaded the defence of limitation, I also determined that the Petitioner’s
application was not barred by the Act on this ground.

49 In addition, I was of the view that it was appropriate for me to vary the
original Decree Nisi, under s 112(4) of the Women’s Charter, so as to include
the two orders prayed for by the Petitioner, as the original order was
“unworkable or did not provide for a particular situation or contingency which
[had] arisen” (see [10] above), _viz_ that the Respondent had refused to
comply with the original order in the Decree Nisi for 19 years. I took into
account the lack of prejudice to the Respondent (see [47] above), and I noted
that the absence of detriment was a material consideration in Tay Yong Kwang
J’s decision to vary a consent order under s 112(4) of the Women’s Charter in
[17] of _Nalini d/o Ramachandran v Saseedaran Nair s/o Krishnan_ ([10] above).

Conclusion

50 I therefore granted the Petitioner’s application and ordered that the
Decree Nisi be varied so as to include the two orders in [5] above. In view of
the fact that these divorce proceedings had dragged on long enough, and in the
interests of helping the parties draw a line under this litigation, I made no
order as to costs.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 04 Jun 2010 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

