Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Muharrem Unsal _v_ M K Sivalingam Jaganathan  
[2010] SGHC 241

Case Number| :| Suit No 162 of 2010 (Summons No 2462 of 2010)  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 18 August 2010  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Shaun Leong Li Shiong AR  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Siraj Omar, Dipti Jauhar (Premier Law LLC) for the
plaintiff; Kanthosamy Rajendran (Raj Prasanna & Partners) for the defendants.  
Parties| :|  Muharrem Unsal — M K Sivalingam Jaganathan  
  
18 August 2010|  
---|---  
  
Shaun Leong Li Shiong AR:

Introduction

1 This was an application for summary judgment pursuant to Order 14 of the
Rules of Court (Cap 322, R 5, 2006 Rev Ed) (“the Rules”), where the Purchaser
sought specific performance of a contract (for the sale and purchase of a
Flat) entered into between the Vendors and the Purchaser. The Vendors refused
to perform the contract. They attempted to raise triable issues based on
allegations that there was total failure of consideration, and that the sale
and purchase agreement was void. I awarded summary judgment in favour of the
Purchaser. Before I state the grounds of my decision, I will revisit the
pertinent facts below.

The Undisputed Facts

2 The defendants in this action, M K Sivalingam Jaganathan (“D1”) and
Thangaveloo Thenmolee (“D2”) (collectively referred to as ‘the Vendors”) are
the registered owners of a Housing and Development Board (“HDB”) apartment
addressed at Block 657 Jalan Tenaga #02-110 Singapore 410657 (“the Flat”). The
Vendors granted the plaintiff, Muharrem Unsal (“the Purchaser”) an option to
purchase the Flat for the price of $426,000 (“the Option”). The Option was
dated 9 December 2009[note: 1], and the agreed Option fee and Option exercise
fee was $1,000 and $4,000 respectively[note: 2]. It was not disputed that the
Vendors signed on the Option. The stated Option expiry date was 23 December
2009[note: 3]. Clause 5.2 of the Option provides that the Option and
Acceptance signed by the Purchaser will form a binding contract for the sale
and purchase of the Flat (“the Contract”)[note: 4]. Notably, the Vendors and
Purchaser had affirmed this clause by signing against it[note: 5]. The
Completion Date was stated to be within 8 weeks from the date of the first HDB
appointment[note: 6].

3 It is undisputed that the Vendors had appointed HSR Property Consultant
(“HSR”) as the property agency to facilitate the sale and purchase of the
Flat[note: 7]. One Fion Chia (“Chia”) from HSR assisted the Vendors in the
sale and purchase. This was confirmed by Chia’s evidence[note: 8]. It is also
undisputed that a HDB resale application was submitted by HSR on 11 December
2009[note: 9] to apply for HDB approval. The resale application was submitted
to HDB via Chia’s email address[note: 10]. In reply, HDB wrote a letter to the
Vendors dated 14 December 2009 to inform them that they have received the HDB
resale application on 12 December 2009 sent on behalf of the Vendors by their
housing agent (“HDB letter”)[note: 11]. The HDB letter informed the Vendors
that a HDB appointment date (being 5 March 2010) has been booked by the
Vendors’ housing agent. The same letter informed that a technical officer will
be conducting an inspection of the Flat on 21 December 2009 to check for any
unauthorised renovation works in the Flat.

4 The Option granted was in the prescribed standard form with a sale and
purchase agreement (‘SPA’), as found in the Schedule section of the Housing
and Development (Agreements for Sale and Purchase) Rules (Cap 129, R 11, 2004
Rev Ed) (hereinafter referred to as ‘HDASPR’). The HDASPR provides that there
shall be no additions or variations of the SPA, non-compliance of this rule
would render the SPA _void_ :

2.In these Rules, unless the context otherwise requires –

“agreement for sale and purchase” means any contract, agreement or other
document relating to the sale and purchase of an HDB flat between the owner of
the HDB flat and a buyer thereof…

Form of agreement for sale and purchase

3.-(1)Subject to paragraph (2), every agreement for sale and purchase shall be
in the Form in the Schedule.

(2)No agreement for sale and purchase _shall contain any addition to, deletion
from or variation_ of the Form in the Schedule _unless the addition, deletion
or variation is made with the authorisation of the Board_.

Void agreement

4.Any agreement for sale and purchase which does not comply with rule 3 shall
be void

[emphasis added]

5 The Vendors requested to remain in possession of the Flat for another 3
months after completion to facilitate their personal arrangements[note: 12].
The Purchaser agreed to this request and an agreement on extension of stay was
entered into between the Vendors and the Purchaser on 21 November 2009
(hereinafter referred to as the “collateral agreement’) which allowed for the
Vendors to stay in the Flat for 3 months upon the completion date[note: 13].
The collateral agreement stated that no rent was to be charged for the
duration of the extended stay[note: 14].

6 The Vendors, in their attempt to discharge themselves from the Option and
SPA, argued that the collateral agreement is a _variation_ of the SPA, because
Clause 19 of the SPA mandates that the Flat be sold with _vacant possession_
on completion. The Vendors argued that, as a variation of the SPA, this
contravenes rule 3 of the HDASPR, which rendered the SPA void under rule 4 of
the same.

7 The Vendors further made the assertion that there was a total failure of
consideration as they have only received the cheques for the Option fee and
Option Exercise fee at as late as 14 January 2010\. The Vendors’ solicitors
wrote a letter dated 12 February 2010[note: 15] to the Purchaser, stating that
Chia handed over 2 cheques to the Vendors only as late as 14 January 2010, and
because of this, there was no consideration for the sale and purchase of the
Flat. No issue was raised in this letter in relation to the collateral
agreement rendering the SPA void. The Purchaser’s solicitor wrote a letter
dated 24 February 2010 in reply asking for the Vendors to confirm that they
would perform their obligations under the Contract[note: 16]. There has been
to date no reply to this letter[note: 17].

The Purchaser’s case

8 According to the Purchaser, the Vendors were “contriving means and ways to
get out of the Contract”[note: 18]. The Purchaser claimed that the option fee
was paid when the Purchaser handed over a cheque of $1,000 to the Vendor’s
agent, Chia, on 21 November 2009[note: 19]. Chia at that time informed the
Purchaser that she would pass the cheque to the Vendors. Chia gave evidence to
support the Purchaser’s version[note: 20]. Chia further stated that the cheque
was handed over to D1 soon after she had collected it from the Purchaser[note:
21].

9 Subsequently, the Purchaser met Chia on 10 December 2009, where the Option
_dated 9 October_ was handed to the Purchaser _already signed_ by the Vendors;
this was not disputed by the Vendors[note: 22]. In addition, I note that the
Vendors did not dispute that the signatures on the Option were made by them.
The Purchaser paid the Option exercise fee when he handed a cheque of $4,000
to Chia on 10 December 2009. Chia again at that time informed the Purchaser
that she would pass the cheque to the Vendors[note: 23]. This version was
supported by Chia’s evidence[note: 24]. Chia further claimed that the cheque
was handed over to D1 very shortly after having received the cheque from the
Purchaser, before the Option expiry date of 23 December 2009[note: 25].

10 Given the above, there was no contractual basis for the Vendors to refuse
to perform the Contract as shown in their solicitors’ letter dated 12 February
2010; the Vendors were therefore in repudiatory breach of contract and the
Purchaser is seeking specific performance of the Contract.

The Vendors’ case

11 The Vendors gave two main arguments to justify their refusal to perform the
Contract. The first was based on the argument that the collateral agreement
had varied the terms of the SPA, thus rendering the latter void by way of rule
3(2) read with rule (4) of the HDASPR (see above at [4]-[6]).

12 The second argument was that there was a total failure of consideration. D1
explained that the Vendors signed the Option on 21 November 2009[note: 26].
After D1 had signed the Option, he was informed by Chia that the Purchaser
have not handed her the Option fee[note: 27]. D1 further claims that when he
received the HDB letter dated 14 December 2009, Chia informed D1 that she had
not received the cheques but will collect them from the Purchaser soon[note:
28]. According to D1, the cheques for the Option fee and Option exercise fee
(at $1,000 and $4,000 respectively) were received by D1 only as late as 14
January 2010[note: 29]. D1 claims that he informed Chia on two occasions that
he no longer wished to sell the Flat since he did not receive the cheques from
Purchaser: the first occasion was in December 2009 after the Vendors received
the HDB letter, and the second occasion after he had received the allegedly
late cheques in 14 January 2010[note: 30].

13 Subsequently, D1 proceeded to HDB to inform that he had received the
cheques only on 14 January 2010, and that he wished to cancel the first HDB
appointment[note: 31].

Whether there were triable issues raised in the Defence

Relevant principles governing summary judgment – The Court will not accept
uncritically all assertions made in affidavits

14 Before I proceed to review the evidence, it is apposite to visit some
general principles governing summary judgment relevant to the decision in the
present case. Some general points of guidance have been laid down by the Court
of Appeal in the decision of _Habibullah Mohamed Yousuff v. Indian Bank_
[1999] 3 SLR 650 at [21]:

Under O 14 r 3(1) of the Rules of Court, summary judgment should not be given
where the defendant "satisfies the Court ... that there is an issue or
question in dispute which ought to be tried". The power to give summary
judgment under O 14 is _intended only to apply to cases where there is no
reasonable doubt that a plaintiff is entitled to judgment, and where it is
inexpedient to allow a defendant to defend for mere purposes of delay_ ;
_Jones v Stone_ [1894] AC 122. Where a defendant _shows_ that he has a fair
case for defence or reasonable grounds for setting up a defence, or even a
fair probability that he has a _bona fide_ defence, he ought to have leave to
defend; _Ironclad (Australia) Gold Mining Co v Gardner_ (1887) 4 TLR 18, _Ward
v Plumbley_ (1890) 6 TLR 198.

[emphasis added]

15 In an application for summary judgment, the plaintiff has to show that he
is entitled to judgment at this stage without the need to bring the matter to
trial, and that it is just to deprive the defendant the opportunity to
ventilate, in further detail, his defence at trial. The defendant has to raise
triable issue(s) to show that there is sufficient cause to be granted an
opportunity to fully investigate the issues in a trial, and that there is an
acceptable basis for depriving the plaintiff of a judgment at this stage. In
this regard, both parties’ evidence is led by way of affidavit; the plaintiff
by way of Order 14 rule 2(1), (5) and (8) of the Rules. The defendant is
required to “show cause” in an affidavit by way of Order 14 rule 2(3) read
with rule 2(8) of the Rules. However, just because the defendant raises
contrarian assertions, it does not _ipso facto_ necessitate the raising of
triable issues; if that was the case, all the defendant has to do to ensure
that the matter proceeds to trial is by simply stating assertions contrary to
the plaintiff’s position. As Ackner LJ observed in _Banque de Paris et Des
Pays-Bas (Suisse) SA v Costa de Naray_ [1984] 1 Lloyd’s Rep 21 (at 23):

It is of course trite law that O 14 proceedings are _not decided by weighing
the two affidavits_. It is also trite that the _mere assertion_ in an
affidavit of a given situation which is to be the basis of a defence does not,
_ipso facto_ , provide leave to defend; the Court must _look at the whole
situation_ and ask itself whether the defendant has satisfied the Court that
there is a fair or reasonable probability of the defendant's having a real or
_bona fide_ defence.

[emphasis added]

16 Lord Ackner’s observations were endorsed in _Prosperous Credit Pte Ltd v.
Gen Hwa Franchise International Pte Ltd and others_ [1998] 1 SLR(R) 53 where
the High Court held at [14] that a _bare assertion_ was insufficient to raise
a triable issue; as well as in _Goh Chok Tong v. Chee Soon Juan_ [2003] 3
SLR(R) 32 where the High Court observed at [25]:

It is a settled principle of law that in an application for summary judgment,
the defendant will not be given leave to defend based on mere assertions
alone: Banque de Paris et des Pays-Bas (Suisse) SA v Costa de Naray and
Christopher John Walters [1984] 1 Lloyd’s Rep 21 at 23. The court must be
convinced that there is a reasonable probability that the defendant has a real
or bona fide defence in relation to the issues. In this regard, the standard
to be applied was well-articulated by Laddie J in Microsoft Corporation v
Electro-Wide Limited [1997] FSR 580, where he said at 593 to 594 that:

[I]t is not sufficient just to look at each factual issue one by one and to
consider whether it is possible that the defendant's story in relation to that
issue is credible. The court _must look at the complete account of events put
forward by both the plaintiff and the defendants and ... look at the whole
situation_. The mere fact that the defendants support their defence by sworn
evidence does not mean that the court is obliged t _o suspend its critical
faculties_ and accept that evidence as if it was probably accurate. _If,
having regard to inconsistency with contemporaneous documents, inherent
implausibility and other compelling evidence, the defence is not credible, the
court must say so_. It should not let the filing of evidence which surpasses
belief deprive a plaintiff of its entitlement to relief.

[emphasis added].

17 It is clear, from the principles propounded above, that the Court will not
simply accept assertions stated in the respective affidavits as representing
the whole truth. Although the stage of summary judgment is not the proper
forum to make findings on the merits of the case, the Court will not look at
the assertions in the affidavits _in isolation_ , neither will the Court
ignore _undisputed documentary and contemporaneous evidence_ , especially when
they are clearly inconsistent with the assertions found in the parties’
affidavits. In so far as Order 14 rule 2 requires the plaintiff and the
defendant to make their respective cases by way of affidavits, the Court will
not accept **_uncritically_** every fact in issue raised in the affidavits. As
Lord Diplock observed in the Privy Council decision of _Eng Mee Yong v.
Letchumanan_ [1979] 2 MLJ 212 at 217:

Although in the normal way it is not appropriate for a judge to attempt to
resolve conflicts of evidence on affidavit, _this does not mean that he is
bound to accept uncritically_ , as raising a dispute of fact which calls for
further investigation, every statement on an affidavit however equivocal,
lacking in precision, inconsistent with _undisputed contemporary documents_ or
other statements by the same deponent, or inherently improbable in itself it
may be.

[emphasis added]

18 Lord Diplock’s observations have been endorsed in _Bank Negara Malaysia v.
Mohd Ismail_ [1992] 1 MLJ 400, where it was observed at 408 that:

Under an O 14 application, the duty of a judge does not end as soon as a fact
is asserted by one party, and denied or disputed by the other in an affidavit.
Where such assertion, denial or dispute is equivocal, or lacking in precision
or is _inconsistent with undisputed contemporary documents_ or other
statements by the same deponent, or is inherently improbable in itself, then
the judge has a duty to reject such assertion or denial, thereby rendering the
issue not triable. In our opinion, unless this principle is adhered to, a
judge is in no position to exercise his discretion judicially in an O 14
application. Thus, apart from identifying the issues of fact or law, the court
must go one step further and determine whether they are triable. This
principle is sometimes expressed by the statement that a complete defence need
not be shown. The defence set up need only show that there is a triable issue.

[emphasis added]

19 As will be seen below (see [21]-[27]), the Vendors’ assertions in the
present case are plainly contradicted by the undisputed contemporaneous
documentary evidence.

The argument based on total failure of consideration

20 The Vendors attempted to raise a triable issue with the assertion that the
Option fee and Option Exercise fee were received only as late as 14 January
2010. I find this to be plainly without basis as the assertion was evidently
inconsistent with the undisputed documentary evidence.

21 First, the copies of cheques for $1,000 and $4,000 adduced by the _Vendors
themselves_ show that the cheques were dated 20 November 2009 and 10 December
2009 respectively[note: 32]. This was entirely consistent with the Purchaser’s
evidence that he handed Chia the Option fee on 21 November 2009 and the Option
exercise fee on 10 December 2009. The same page showing the copies of the
cheques stated “given to [D1] on 14 January 2010”. This is a moot point. There
was no need for the cheques to be handed personally to the Vendors; there was
effective payment so long as the cheques were handed to Chia as it was
undisputed that Chia had been acting as the Vendors’ agent. Any dispute
between the Vendors and Chia with regard to the collection of cheques is a
matter for a separate suit and does not concern the Purchaser. On this basis
alone, it is clear that the Vendors have no defence. However, since D1 has
alleged that Chia informed him (in November and December 2009) that the
Purchaser did not pass her the cheques[note: 33], I will proceed further in
reviewing the evidence.

22 It was undisputed that the Vendors signed the Option before the Option was
handed over to the Purchaser on 10 December 2009\. This would mean that the
Vendors had received the $1,000 Option Fee _even before_ 10 December 2009. By
affixing their signatures on the Option, the Vendors had represented, under
the first two clauses of the Option (clauses 2.1 and 2.2), that:

2.1The Seller _has received_ the Option Fee from the Buyer.

2.2 _In consideration of the Option Fee_ , the Seller _grants to the Buyer_
the option to buy the Flat upon the terms set out in the Option to Purchase
(“Option”)

[emphasis added]

23 These two clauses are clear and unequivocal. By way of clause 2.2,
consideration has already been received in exchange for the grant of the
Option. If the Vendors had not received the Option fee before 10 December
2009, they would have chose not to sign on the Option. Alternatively, even if
the Option fee had not been collected on 21 November 2009, the Vendors would
have instructed Chia to seek payment of the Option fee from the Purchaser when
the Option was handed over to the Purchaser on 10 December 2009, however it
was not pleaded nor was it alleged in D1’s affidavit that the Vendors have
given Chia such instructions.

24 Second, the fact the Purchaser and the Vendors entered into the collateral
agreement on 21 November 2009 is consistent with the Purchaser’s version of
events that the Option fee had been paid on the same date.

25 Third, it was undisputed that the HDB resale application was submitted
through Chia’s email address to HDB on 11 December 2009. This was entirely
consistent with the Purchaser’s version of events that the Option exercise fee
was paid on 10 December 2009, as clause 11** _[note: 34]_** of the SPA read
with clause 5.1 of the Option provides for the submission of the HDB resale
application **_after_** the Option exercise fee has been paid. Clause 11 of
the SPA states:

11\. Application for HDB’s approval

The Seller and Buyer will within 30 calendar days _from the date of exercise
of this Option_ , jointly apply to the HDB for its approval for the sale and
purchase of the Flat.

[emphasis added]

26 Clause 5.1 of the Option explains what was meant by ‘exercise’ of the
Option:

5.1 To _exercise this Option_ , the Buyer _must_ do all of the following on or
before the Option Expiry:

(a) sign the “Acceptance” in this Option; and

(b) deliver the signed Option (original copy) to the Seller; and

_(c)_ _pay the Seller $4000 (“Option Exercise Fee”)_

[emphasis added]

27 Reading both clauses together, the HDB resale application would be
submitted within 30 days from the exercise of the Option; where the Option was
exercised when payment of the Option exercise fee has already been made.
Indeed, the submission of the HDB resale application speaks volumes; the sale
and purchase application process had been carried into motion when HSR
submitted the HDB resale application on the Vendors’ behalf. This would not
have been the case if the Option exercise fee was not received. It was not
pleaded nor alleged (in the submissions or D1’s affidavit) that HSR had acted
without authority in the submission of the resale application on the Vendors’
behalf. In addition, if the Option fee and Option exercise money had not been
received, the Vendors would have given instructions to HSR and Chia not to
proceed; but it was not the Vendors’ pleaded case that they had given such
instructions.

28 Fourth, the HDB letter to the Vendors dated 14 December 2009 had plainly
informed the Vendors that the HDB resale application _was sent by the Vendors’
agent_ and had been received by HDB. If there had indeed been total failure of
consideration, or if there had been some issues with the proper authority to
submit the HDB resale application, the Vendors would have written a letter to
inform HDB to cancel the resale application or at least to inform them of such
issues. No such letter has been adduced. I point out that the Vendors did not
plead nor allege that there had been any such letter written to the HDB.
Likewise, HDB’s letter dated 14 December 2009 informed the Vendors of the
appointment date for Flat Inspection on 21 December 2009, and the 1st HDB
appointment dated 5 March 2010. Again, if indeed no consideration had been
received, the Vendors would have written a letter to cancel both appointments,
but that was not the situation in the present case. The Vendors did not state
that he made any attempts to contact HDB to cancel these appointments after
receiving HDB’s letter dated 14 December 2009.

29 The Vendors did claim however, that after they have received the cheques
for the Option fee and the Option exercise fee on _14 January 2010_ , they had
informed HDB of the alleged total failure of consideration. There were
however, no reasons given for why the Vendors had given notice to HDB only
after 14 January 2010 when they could have done so after they had received the
HDB letter dated 14 December 2009. The Vendors had no evidence of any letters
or correspondence written to the Purchaser, or to the HDB, to raise the issue
of total failure of consideration or non receipt of cheques, after they have
already received HDB’s letter dated 14 December 2009. Indeed, if any notice to
the Purchaser or HDB had been given, it would have been made before the Flat
Inspection appointment on 21 December 2009, and not on the alleged date of 14
January 2010.

30 D1’s assertion that he had contacted Chia in November and December 2009
where Chia informed him that she had not received the cheques from the
Purchaser, were bare assertions unsupported by documentary evidence. Neither
emails nor letters have been adduced. Contrary to D1’s bare assertions, and in
support of the Purchaser’s version of events, Chia has given evidence that she
collected the Option fee and Option exercise fee from the Purchaser on 21
November 2009[note: 35] and on 10 December 2009[note: 36] respectively.

31 Based on a review of the totality of the evidence adduced, I am convinced
that the Vendors have not raised any triable issues. Given that the Vendors’
assertions are wholly unsupported by a single substratum of evidence, and that
the assertions flies against their own conduct manifested in the undisputed
contemporaneous documents (including the cheques copies the Vendors themselves
had adduced), there is plainly no defence which can deny the Purchaser
judgment.

32 Before I conclude on the argument based on total failure of consideration,
I will discuss two alternative arguments which have been raised by D1. These
arguments can be summarily dismissed. Under the first alternative argument, D1
claims that HSR was not authorised to place the Option date as “9 December
2009”, and that HSR was only authorised to state the Option Date as 21
November 2009[note: 37], which was the date when the Vendors signed the
Option; following from that, the Option expiry date should be 5 December 2009
(contrary to what was stated in the Option documentation). Therefore, even if
Chia had received the Option exercise fee on 10 December 2009, it was received
too late.

33 I note however, that the Vendors did not dispute the fact that the Option
date stated on the Option was indeed 9 December 2009, and that the Option
expiry date stated on the Option was 23 December 2009. Also, it was not
disputed that the signatures affixed below the Option date belonged to the
Vendors. It was also common ground that the Option was handed to the Purchaser
on 10 December 2009 with _the Option already signed and the Option date
already stated as 9 December 2009_. In this regard, I find that this is
essentially a simple matter. If the Vendors had signed the Option when the
Option date had been clearly stated as 9 December 2009, no dispute would
arise. If the Option date had been left blank at the time when the Vendors
signed the Option, the Vendors had assumed for themselves the risk that the
Option date will be stipulated at a later date by their own agent. If the
Vendors had issues with the stated Option Date and the stated Option expiry
date, they would have written to the Purchaser or at the very least informed
Chia in relation to these issues; but this was not pleaded nor alleged by the
Vendors. On the contrary, the Vendors’ action in submitting the HDB resale
application after the Option exercise money has been paid showed that there
had indeed been no issues with the stated Option date and Option expiry date.
Furthermore, I find that since the Vendors’ specific claim is that the Option
date was filled by HSR without authority, the proper recourse is for them to
claim against HSR for breach of mandate and/or for having acted without
authority. There is no recourse for this alleged matter against the Purchaser
for as far as they are concerned, they have transacted with Chia who was
ostensibly acting as the Vendors’ agent (it was also undisputed that Chia was
acting as the Vendors’ agent in the sale and purchase of the Flat[note: 38]).

34 D1’s second alternative argument was that the cheque issued for the Option
fee of $1,000 was issued in the name of one “M K Sivalingam _Jajanathan_ ”,
when it should have been “M K Sivalingam _Jaganathan_ ". The Purchaser, in
reply, pleaded the material facts constituting estoppel and detrimental
reliance[note: 39]. I find that there is an operative estoppel by convention
in the present case. The Court of Appeal has, in the decisions of _Travista
Development Pte Ltd v. Tan Kim Swee Augustine and others_ [2008] 2 SLR(R) 474
at [31] and at _Singapore Telecommunications Ltd v. Starhub Cable Vision Ltd_
[2006] 2 SLR(R) 195 at [28], clarified the elements of estoppel by convention:

On the basis of existing authorities, for estoppel by convention to operate,
the following elements must be present (see [_Singapore Telecommunications Ltd
v Starhub Cable Vision Ltd_ [2006] 2 SLR(R) 195] at [28]; see also _Chitty on
Contracts_ (H G Beale gen ed) (Sweet & Maxwell, 29th Ed, 2004) vol 1 at para
3-107):

(a) The parties must have acted on "an assumed and incorrect state of _fact or
law_ " [emphasis added] (_per_ Bingham LJ in _The Vistafjord_ [1988] 2 Lloyd’s
Rep 343 at 352) in their course of dealing.

(b) The assumption must be either shared by both parties pursuant to an
agreement or something akin to an agreement, or made by one party and
acquiesced to by the other.

(c) It must be unjust or unconscionable to allow the parties (or one of them)
to go back on that assumption.

35 It has been observed in Sir Alexander Turner, _Spencer Bower and Turner,
Estoppel By Representation_ (4th ed, 2004 LexisNexis) at p 180:

An estoppel by convention...is founded, not on a representation made by a
representor and believed by a representee, but on an agreed statement of facts
or law, the truth of which had been assumed, by convention of the parties, as
a basis of a transaction into which they are about to enter. When the parties
have acted in their transaction upon the assumption that a given state of
facts is to be accepted between them as true, then as regards that transaction
each will be estopped as against the other from questioning the truth of the
statement of facts so assumed.

36 These observations were cited with approval in _Amalgamated Investment &
property Co Ltd (in liquidation) v. Texas Commerce International Bank Ltd_
[1982] QB 84 at 126 and _Norwegian American Cruises A/S v. Paul Mundy Ltd (The
Vistaford)_ [1988] 2 Lloyd’s Rep 343. In the present case, there is no doubt
that both parties had assumed that the Option fee had been paid. When the
Option fee was paid by the Purchaser on 21 November 2009, that had represented
the beginning of the sale and purchase process as well as the basis of which
the Option was granted to the Purchaser. On that basis, the Purchaser and
Vendors entered into the collateral agreement on the same date of 21 November
2009. In addition, as already described above (see [22]-[23]), when the
Vendors had affixed their signatures on the Option, it was clear to both
parties that the Option fee had been paid and the Option was granted to the
Purchaser. This was clear from clauses 2.1 and 2.2 of the Option.

37 Subsequent to the payment of the (wrongly named) cheque and the affixing of
the Vendors’ signature, both parties had proceeded on the basis that the
Option fee had been paid; the Purchaser paid the Option exercise fee on 10
December 2009, thereafter, the Vendors’ agent submitted the HDB resale
application on 11 December 2009, the Vendors’ agent had also fixed the first
HDB appointment on 5 March 2010\. I note that the Vendors themselves did not
realise the mistake; the issue of the wrongly stated name on the cheque was
not raised to the Purchaser or Chia before or after the Option was exercised;
nor was it raised to them or the HDB after the Vendors received HDB’s letter
dated 14 December 2009. It is pertinent to note that even at a very late
stage, when the Vendors’ solicitors wrote a letter dated 12 February 2010 to
the Purchaser, the letter made no mention of the wrongly stated name in the
cheque. The issue of the wrongly named cheque was only added in by way of an
_amended_ defence at as late as 14 July 2010[note: 40]. Based on the objective
evidence, there is no doubt that both parties had proceeded in the sale and
purchase on the basis that the Option fee had been paid.

38 I find that it would be unconscionable to allow the parties to go back on
that assumption at such a late stage given that the Purchaser had, on the
basis that a valid sale and purchase agreement had been entered into,
undisputedly secured finance for the sale and purchase of the Flat from
Citibank Singapore Ltd and had ceased to search for alternative flats to
purchase[note: 41]. These two facts were not disputed by the Vendors.
Furthermore, I find that there is no prejudice to the Vendors if the parties
are not allowed to go back on that assumption. Clauses 2.1 and 2.2 of the
Option could not be drafted any clearer; the Vendors had the opportunity to
ensure that the cheque for the Option fee was valid before signing the Option.
The Vendors also had more than ample time to discover the mistake and to raise
this issue to the Purchaser, Chia, and/or HDB at an earlier time, between 21
November 2009 to January 2010 but had failed to do so.

The argument based on the collateral agreement

39 The Vendors tried to raise a second triable issue with the argument that
the collateral agreement (which they had requested for and which has been
granted for their benefit) had avoided the SPA. This argument is plainly
unsustainable. As will be seen below (at [42]-[46]), the Vendors’ contentions
can be easily dismissed with a simple reading of the HDASPR and a
straightforward construction of the collateral agreement. In this regard, I
was mindful of the decision of _Tokyo Investment Pte Ltd and another v. Tan
Chor Thing_ [1993] 2 SLR(R) 467:

The fact that a point of law or points of law were raised in an O 14
application did not necessarily mean that leave to defend must be given as was
urged upon us by the appellants: see _European Asian Bank AG v Punjab & Sind
Bank (No 2)_ [1983] 2 All ER 508 at 516; [1983] 1 WLR 642 and _Carter (RG) Ltd
v Clarke_ [1990] 2 All ER 209 at 213. To our mind the answers to the legal
issues raised in this appeal were clear. There was no arguable defence to the
respondent's claim to possession of the shares. A decision on the legal issues
would finally decide the rights as between the parties. There was no point in
granting leave to defend merely on the ground that there was a triable legal
issue or were several triable issues of law. This was so even if the issues of
law were of some complexity. The High Court was correct in hearing arguments
on the issues of law and deciding them. To grant leave to defend in
circumstances such as the present would not serve any useful purpose; instead
it would only cause unnecessary delay, a course which the courts should
certainly not countenance.

40 In the same vein, the Court observed in the decision of _MP-Bilt Pte Ltd v.
Oey Widarto_ [1999] 1 SLR(R) 908 held at [13]-[14]:

...Since then a new provision was inducted into the Rules of Court 1996. Order
14A, now O 14 r 12, was introduced to enable the court to effect summary
disposal of cases by determining any question of law or construction of any
document arising in any cause or matter at any stage of the proceedings. This
is an implement of a recent and present movement towards a speedy solution to
civil disputes where oral evidence is unnecessary. The new procedure should be
put to use in cases where all relevant and necessary evidence is documentary
_. Even in a case where an application is made under O 14 r 1, if the matter
can be disposed of by the application of well-settled principles of law, the
court should not flinch from its obligation under O 14. The court should take
judicial notice of the law and at once grapple with the issue_. This rule of
practice is founded on the following principle of practice found in The
Supreme Court Practice 1999 para 14/4/12 headed "Questions of Law" [the same
is found in para 14/4/8 of _The Supreme Court Practice_ 2007]:

Where the court is satisfied that there are no issues of fact between the
parties, it would be pointless to give leave to defend on the basis that there
is a triable issue of law, and this is so even if the issue of law is complex
and highly arguable.

The principle was applied in European Asian Bank AG v Punjab and Sind Bank (No
2) [1983] 2 All ER 508; [1983] 1 WLR 642, Israel Discount Bank of New York v
Hadjipateras [1983] 3 All ER 129; [1984] 1 WLR 137 and more recently in
Stocznia Gdanska v Latvian Shipping Co [1998] 1 All ER 883; [1998] 1 WLR 574,
where the House of Lords decided a point raised in an O 14 application. This
practice has been approved and applied by the Singapore Court of Appeal in
Tokyo Investment Pte Ltd v Tan Chor Thing [1993] 2 SLR(R) 467 .

[emphasis added]

41 I will now proceed to discuss the contentions raised by the Vendors. The
Vendors contended that the SPA was varied by the collateral agreement, and
this variation rendered the SPA void under rule 3(2) read with rule 4 of the
HDASPR. By way of background, it is perhaps appropriate to place a short note
on the general function of the HDASPR: \- these rules govern the sale and
purchase of HDB resale transactions. Although there have been no parliamentary
reports on the precise policy behind these rules, it has been helpfully
observed in Tang & Low, _Tan Sook Yee’s Principles of Singapore Land Law_ (3rd
ed, 2009 LexisNexis) at p 456:

In 2003, the regulation of contracts for the sale of resale HDB flats was
introduced via the Housing and Development (Agreements for Sale and Purchase)
Rules (hereinafter ‘HDASPR’). The rationale for the introduction of these
rules is clearly very different than those for the regulation of developer
sales of residential or commercial properties, where the obvious concern is
for the protection of purchasers who are often in a considerably weaker
bargaining position from unscrupulous developers. The Rules that apply to HDB
flats are concerned with private sales of resale flats rather than direct
purchases from the HDB. As such, both parties are likely to be individuals of
relatively equal bargaining power. Rather than protect a weaker party, the
objectives of the HDB rules appears to be geared towards standardisation,
partly to ensure compliance with the HDB’s rules on eligibility to resell
and/or purchase resale flats, and partly to provide for fair and efficient
default rules in respect of common disputes.

42 Nonetheless, there is no need to probe deeper into the precise policy and
purpose of these rules, as the present matter can be disposed of efficaciously
with a simple reading of the HDASPR and the collateral agreement. I start off
with the exact words of the collateral agreement, which have been reproduced
as follows:

Agreement on Extension of Stay

This agreement is made on 21 November 2009 between [the Purchaser] and [D1]
(seller) [i]n [_sic_] regards to the matter of allowing the seller of [address
of Flat] to stay within the above premises for 3 months _upon completion date,
under the consent of the purchaser_.

[emphasis added].

43 As is plainly evident from the above, this agreement can only be carried
out upon Completion of the SPA. If parties failed to complete the SPA, there
is no question of allowing the Vendors to remain in possession for another 3
months. In my view, so long as _HDB approval_ has been obtained for the
collateral agreement _before_ Completion date (and thus before the collateral
agreement can be carried into effect), the SPA would not be void, as rule 3(2)
of the HDASPR allows for the variation of the SPA with _HDB’s authorisation_ :

3(2)No agreement for sale and purchase shall contain any addition to, deletion
from or variation of the Form in the Schedule _unless the_ addition, deletion
or _variation is made with the authorisation of the Board_.

44 There is an _additional_ reason. In view that there had been _no
consideration_ for the extension of stay as the Purchaser agreed not to charge
rent for the Vendors’ extended stay in possession (and as there has been no
adjustment of any kind with regard to the Option fee, the Option Exercise fee
and the Purchase price), and in view of the operative words of the collateral
agreement “ _under the consent of the purchaser_ ”, I find, on a proper
construction of the collateral agreement, that the Purchaser had gratuitously
granted a _bare license_ which could be revoked at will at any time (at the
very least) before Completion date; that is, before the collateral agreement
is carried out into effect; see _Wood v Leadbitter_ (1845) 13 M & W 836 and
_Tan Hin Leong v. Lee Teck Im_ [2000] 1 SLR(R) 891 at [16] to [19]. The
Purchaser had graciously given the Vendors _permission_ to remain in
possession temporarily. Nothing more was conferred. If and when the Purchaser
decides to revoke the bare license which is the collateral agreement before it
is carried into effect upon completion, (one can immediately think that an
obvious reason for doing so would be the Vendors’ failure to obtain HDB
approval for the collateral agreement), the Vendors would _still have
delivered vacant possession_. In that event, clause 19 of the SPA would not be
varied.

45 Given the reasons in [42] – [44] above, the Vendors’ refusal to carry out
the sale and purchase of the Flat by way of their solicitors’ letter dated 12
February 2010 (this was way before Completion Date which was 8 weeks from 5
March 2010, the date of the first HDB appointment) is a repudiatory breach of
contract. There would only be a proper case to argue that the collateral
agreement has avoided the SPA under rule 3(2) and (4) of the HDASPR _if_ , at
completion date, no HDB approval for the collateral agreement has been
obtained, and parties have carried out the collateral agreement such that _no
vacant possession was delivered_. Clause 19 of the SPA would have been varied
in such a situation. In any case, I am of the view that _even if_ the Vendors
had waited until Completion date before using the collateral agreement as a
reason to void the SPA, it would not necessarily deny the Purchaser of any
remedies whatsoever. This is because clause 15.2 of the SPA states:

15.2 If the _HDB’s approval for the sale and purchase_ of the Flat is
withheld, refused, revoked or _not obtained before the Completion Date_ , and
it is _due to the Seller’s or Buyer’s default in complying_ with the HDB’s
terms of resale or _requirements_ , the other party will be entitled to
enforce the terms of this Option for _specific performance_ , damages and/or
any other remedy.

[emphasis added]

46 I find that the phrase “ _HDB’s approval for the sale and purchase of the
Flat_ ” to be wide enough to encapsulate all approvals from HDB necessary to
facilitate the completion of the SPA and to bring the SPA into effect, and
this would necessarily include the HDB approval required to vary Clause 19 of
the SPA (as without such approval, the SPA would be void). Likewise, the
phrase “ _HDB’s terms of resale or requirements_ ” is broad enough to
encapsulate rule 3(2) of the HDASPR that requires HDB approval to vary the
terms of the SPA. There is no doubt that the Vendors have the burden to obtain
HDB approval for the collateral agreement, as they had requested for the
extension of stay and the agreement was made for their benefit. As such, if
the Vendors failed to obtain approval for the collateral agreement before the
completion of the SPA, the Vendors would have, pursuant to clause 15.2 of the
SPA stated above, defaulted in complying with rule 3(2) of the HDASPR. The
Purchaser would (pursuant to clause 15.2 of the SPA) have been entitled to its
remedies in specific performance or damages. As such, the proper course would
be for the Vendors to obtain HDB approval for the collateral agreement that
they had requested for.

47 Given that the collateral agreement had been requested by the Vendors, and
the Purchaser had gratuitously (and perhaps graciously) granted the 3 months
extended stay for the Vendors’ benefit, and without charging rent during the
extended stay; it does not lie in their mouth to use the collateral agreement
as a convenient excuse to get out of an arms-length transaction that they had
entered into; indeed, by doing so, they have thrown serious doubts on the
_bona fides_ of their defence. In the final analysis, I make the point that,
as long as the completion date has not arrived, there is always a chance to
obtain HDB approval for the collateral agreement. The burden is on the Vendors
to obtain HDB approval before Completion, any attempt to void the SPA
beforehand would be premature, and in the specific context of the present
case, an act lacking in _bona fides_.

Conclusion

48 Based on the evidence and the reasons given above, I grant summary judgment
in favour of the Purchaser and order specific performance of the Contract
between the Vendors and Purchaser. It is clear that the collateral agreement
is unenforceable until and unless the requisite approval from HDB has been
obtained. I make the consequential order that the Vendors shall take all
necessary steps to obtain the requisite approval from HDB for the extension of
stay in the Flat by way of the collateral agreement, one week before
Completion. The collateral agreement is subject to the Purchaser’s power of
revocation in the event of the Vendors’ failure to obtain the requisite HDB
approval. Accordingly, I grant OIT 1, 2 and 3. I order costs to be paid by the
Vendors to the Purchaser fixed at $7,000 excluding reasonable disbursements.
Costs for amendment of pleadings ordered to the Purchaser fixed at $400
excluding reasonable disbursements.

* * *

[note: 1]Exhibit MU-4 of Muharrem Unsal’s affidavit dated 20 May 2010 at p24.

[note: 2]_Ibid_.

[note: 3]_Ibid_.

[note: 4]Exhibit MU-4 of Muharrem Unsal’s affidavit dated 20 May 2010 at p 25.

[note: 5]_Ibid_.

[note: 6]Clause 12 of the Sale and Purchase Agreement in exhibit MU-4 of
Muharrem Unsal’s affidavit.

[note: 7]Affidavit of M K Sivalingam Jaganathan dated 1 July 2010 at para [1]

[note: 8]Affidavit of Chia Lai Yee dated 3 June 2010 at para [1].

[note: 9]Exhibit MU-6 of Muharrem Unsal’s affidavit dated 20 May 2010 at p 46.

[note: 10]_Ibid_.

[note: 11]Exhibit MU-7 of Muharrem Unsal’s affidavit dated 20 May 2010 at p
62.

[note: 12]Affidavit of Muharrem Unsal dated 23 July 2010 at para [6].

[note: 13]Exhibit A of M K Sivalingam Jaganathan’s affidavit dated 1 July
2010.

[note: 14]_Ibid_.

[note: 15]Exhibit MU-10 of Muharrem Unsal’s affidavit dated 20 May 2010 at p
69.

[note: 16]Exhibit MU-11 of Muharrem Unsal’s affidavit dated 20 May 2010 at p
71.

[note: 17]Affidavit of Muharrem Unsal dated 20 May 2010 at para [30].

[note: 18]_Ibid_ at para [27].

[note: 19]_Ibid_ at para [7].

[note: 20]Affidavit of Chia Lai Yee dated 3 June 2010 at para [18].

[note: 21]_Ibid_.

[note: 22]Affidavit of Muharrem Unsal dated 20 May 2010 at para [13].

[note: 23]_Ibid_.

[note: 24]Affidavit of Chia Lai Yee dated 3 June 2010 at para [25].

[note: 25]_Ibid_ at para [26].

[note: 26]Affidavit of M K Sivalingam Jaganathan dated 1 July 2010 at para
[6].

[note: 27]_Ibid_.

[note: 28]_Ibid_ at para [7].

[note: 29]_Ibid_ at para [8].

[note: 30]_Ibid_ at para [7]-[8].

[note: 31]_Ibid_ at para [9].

[note: 32]Exhibit A of M K Sivalingam Jaganathan’s affidavit dated 1 July
2010.

[note: 33]Affidavit of M K Sivalingam Jaganathan dated 1 July 2010 at para
[6]-[7].

[note: 34]Exhibit MU-6 of Muharrem Unsal’s affidavit dated 20 May 2010 at p
26.

[note: 35]Affidavit of Chia Lai Yee dated 3 June 2010 at para [18].

[note: 36]Affidavit of Chia Lai Yee dated 3 June 2010 at para [25].

[note: 37]Affidavit of M K Sivalingam Jaganathan dated 1 July 2010 at para
[13].

[note: 38]See Affidavit of M K Sivalingam Jaganathan dated 1 July 2010 at para
[1].

[note: 39]Reply (Amendment No. 1) dated 26 July 2010 at para [7]-[12].

[note: 40]Defence (Amendment No. 1) dated 14 July 2010 at para 10.

[note: 41]Reply (Amendment No. 1) dated 26 July 2010 at para [7(b)]

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 18 Aug 2010 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

