Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Segar Ashok _v_ Koh Fonn Lyn Veronica and another suit  
[2010] SGHC 168

Case Number| :| Suit Nos 310 and 562 of 2007  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 27 May 2010  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Belinda Ang Saw Ean J  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Devinder K Rai and Subramaniam (Acies Law Corporation)
for the plaintiff in Suit No 310 of 2007 and for defendant in Suit No 562 of
2007; Giam Chin Toon S.C. and Hui Choon Wai (Wee Swee Teow & Co) for the
defendant in Suit No 310 of 2007 and for plaintiff in Suit No 562 of 2007.  
Parties| :|  Segar Ashok — Koh Fonn Lyn Veronica  
  
27 May 2010| Judgment reserved.  
---|---  
  
Belinda Ang Saw Ean J:

Introduction

1 The plaintiff in Suit 310 of 2007 (“Suit 310”) is Dr Ashok Segar (“Dr
Segar”), and the defendant is Koh Fonn Lyn Veronica (“Veronica”) who is the
plaintiff in Suit 562 of 2007(“Suit 562”), while Dr Segar is the defendant.
Both actions were heard conjointly over two tranches. The two actions are
connected in that the protagonists are the same, and the background facts and
the allegations of libels, _inter alia_ , overlap. In such cases, an overview
of the two actions is always beneficial to better appreciate whether the
proceedings for libel and slander are motivated by a genuine desire for
vindication or merely to pursue a vendetta following a fall out between
erstwhile close friends and business partners. Finally, even if the respective
libel and slander claims are successful, the level of damages in the
circumstances of this case is likely to be substantially outweighed by the
costs of pursuing and defending the allegations.

2 In Suit 310, Dr Segar claims against Veronica damages for libel in respect
of three emails she had circulated on 31 March 2007 and 5 April 2007. Veronica
denies that the emails contained the defamatory allegations complained of. She
has pleaded lesser meanings to the alleged defamatory statements and has
raised the defence of justification. Veronica is counter suing Dr Segar for
defaming her in three SMS messages and an undated letter. There is also a
separate claim for slander. In addition to damages for libel and slander,
Veronica is seeking recovery of a sum of $209,137.44 paid to Dr Segar and to
third parties on behalf of Dr Segar in their private dealings with each other.

3 In Suit 562, Veronica is suing Dr Segar in his capacity as her former
business partner of a small jewellery business. It is common ground that the
partnership terminated but the date of termination is disputed. It is also
common ground that the business expenses and assets were to be shared equally,
but the parties cannot agree on exactly how much each party had contributed to
the business, and how much of the jewellery were sold and how much of the
jewellery and gemstones were left to be divided between the parties. Veronica
wants Dr Segar to give, _inter alia_ , an account of various matters
pertaining to the jewellery business. In short, Veronica wants this court to
order a taking of accounts of all sums due as between the partners consequent
on the termination of the partnership.

4 Dr Segar has a counterclaim for an account of 32 pieces of blue sapphires
and all jewellery and gemstones belonging to the business which he claims are
or were in the possession and custody of Veronica, and he seeks a declaration
that he is entitled to his half share in the disputed sapphires, jewellery and
gemstones. Furthermore, Dr Segar claims his half share of the value of the
disputed sapphires, jewellery and gemstones with the result that he wants
payment of the value of his half share.

History of the relationship and the discord

Dr Segar’s version

5 Dr Segar is a medical doctor by profession and owns a medical clinic at 184
East Coast Road, Singapore. According to him, he first met Veronica at his
clinic in or about 1996 when she consulted him as a medical doctor. Over time,
Dr Segar became Veronica’s family doctor. Her parents-in-law also consulted
him in his professional capacity. Dr Segar, Veronica and her husband, Ang
Teann Meng (“ATM”), became good and close friends. In happier times, Dr Segar
likened Veronica’s family to being as “close to me as my own family”.[note: 1]
Dr Segar is also the godfather of Veronica’s son. They would often vacation
together and there were overseas trips to Australia, Japan, India, Sri Lanka,
Norway and Argentina.

6 The close relationship between the parties led to collaborations in business
ventures. The most important of these was a business involving the design and
marketing of custom-made jewellery. According to Dr Segar, he has an interest
in designing jewellery and Veronica liked his designs and jewellery so much
that after his mother’s funeral in June 2001, Veronica proposed to Dr Segar
that they start a business in designing and marketing jewellery. Although the
details of negotiations leading up to the establishment of the business were
sketchy, Dr Segar testified that it was understood that the expenses of the
jewellery business were to be shared equally. He was also to be responsible
for the design of the jewellery whilst Veronica would engage her family’s
jewellery craftsman to produce the jewellery. Both parties were then to market
the jewellery to their friends and acquaintances.

7 According to Dr Segar, there were at least three other businesses which he
and Veronica and, at times, her husband, ATM, had participated in. In brief,
in 2004, Dr Segar, Veronica and ATM decided to venture into the trading of
scrap metal. The intention was to purchase scrap metal from Argentina for sale
to manufacturing companies in Indonesia. That venture failed due to the
difficulties encountered with the suppliers in Argentina. Next, Dr Segar and
Veronica “dabbled” in the computer hardware business under the name of Stracom
Technology. In relation to that business, Dr Segar and Veronica travelled to
Taiwan to purchase laptop computers and they arranged for 100 units to be
delivered to Singapore in batches of 20 units. However, both parties
experienced difficulties in selling the computer laptops and decided to
terminate the business prematurely. Next, a proposal to set up a Mediterranean
fast food business came up. To that end, a company called Pitta Hut (S) Pte
Ltd (“Pitta Hut”) was incorporated by Dr Segar. However, as with the earlier
two businesses, that venture stalled in the planning stage and the company was
eventually wound up. Finally, they also invested in Sachris Enterprises Pty
Ltd (“Sachris”), an Australian seafood business, but that business also
failed.

8 In early 2003 (by Dr Segar’s recollection), Veronica approached Dr Segar for
a loan. Veronica and ATM were involved in ATM’s family companies, Skatool
Industries Pte Ltd (“Skatool Industries”) and Skatool Marine. To further their
businesses, Veronica and ATM bought a new factory at No 7A Tech Park Crescent,
Tuas Tech Park, Singapore but ran into financial difficulties in completing
the purchase. Initially, Veronica requested a loan of $200,000 from Dr Segar
who offered to refinance his property at 6 Merryn Road, Singapore to raise the
necessary funds (“the Merryn Road property”). However, Dr Segar warned
Veronica that the Merryn Road property was, at that point in time, mortgaged
to Overseas Union Trust and the mortgage contained a penalty clause for early
redemption. By remortgaging the property, he would have to incur a penalty.
Furthermore, he also told Veronica that he had intended in the future to
purchase a shophouse to serve as his medical clinic and private residence. Dr
Segar had planned to use the Merryn Road property to finance the renovations
of this shophouse, and a refinancing of the Merryn Road property at an early
stage could foil his future plans.

9 In order to assuage his concerns, Veronica allegedly made four promises.
First, Veronica promised to absorb the bank penalty that Dr Segar would have
to suffer in the remortgage of the Merryn Road property. The bank penalty
eventually turned out to be $41,127.87. However, in order to absorb the bank
penalty as well as to have some extra cash for her own renovation works after
completing the purchase of the Tuas factory, Veronica requested a bigger loan
of $300,000 instead of $200,000. Dr Segar’s understanding was that with
payment of the bank penalty, Veronica would receive a sum of $258,872.13
(comprising of $300,000 - $41,127.87) but would repay the entire sum of
$300,000. Secondly, Veronica also promised to pay the bank interest charges
payable on the loan of $300,000. Similarly, Veronica also agreed to pay the
legal fees involved in the refinancing. Finally, Dr Segar’s impression was
that if he were to purchase a shophouse in the future and did not have
adequate funds to renovate it, “the Defendant [would] provide [the plaintiff]
with the financial assistance to complete the works.”[note: 2] On the basis of
those promises, Dr Segar went ahead with the refinancing. On 12 April 2003 and
14 April 2003, a total sum of $258,872.13 was disbursed to Veronica. According
to Dr Segar, the loan of $300,000 was fully repaid by January 2006.

10 In August 2003, Dr Segar bought a shophouse at 184 East Coast Road,
Singapore, and was in need of funds to renovate the property. He informed
Veronica that he would like his loan to be repaid. Veronica and ATM agreed to
make repayment of the loan by contributing to the progress payments owing by
Dr Segar to his renovation contractors and suppliers.

11 Another facet to the relationship between Dr Segar and Veronica that is in
dispute was Dr Segar’s appointment as a consultant of Skatool Industries. By
Dr Segar’s reckoning, he had since 2001 provided services as a consultant to
Skatool Industries, and they are listed in his written testimony as follows:

(i)

Advice in relation to Skatool Industries’ investment in a manufacturing plant
in China;

(ii)

Advice in relation to the registration of Skatool Marine;

(iii)

Compilation and editing of Skatool Industries’ first product catalogue;

(iv)

Advice in relation to the registration of the trade name “Skatool”;

(v)

Introduction of ship chandlers and glove manufacturers in Sri Lanka to
Veronica and ATM;

(vi)

Assisting Veronica and ATM in negotiating an amicable settlement of a claim
for passing off made by a Norwegian company against Skatool Industries.

12 In 2003, Veronica offered to remunerate Dr Segar for his consultancy
services to the tune of $6,000 a month. Dr Segar accepted this offer and duly
invoiced Skatool Industries each month. Skatool Industries would then make
payment on the invoice. There was, according to Dr Segar, no specific scope of
the nature of the consultancy services which Dr Segar was to render. In March
2004, Veronica instructed Dr Segar to render all invoices for the consultancy
fee to Skatool Marine. Accordingly, from April to June 2004, Dr Segar rendered
the invoices to Skatool Marine and they were duly paid. The consultancy fees
stopped thereafter. Dr Segar’s explanation for the stoppage was that he had,
at that point of time, asked for the $300,000 loan to be repaid by having
Veronica pay off all renovation liabilities due on his shophouse. Veronica
then requested the consultancy fee to be held in abeyance. Dr Segar agreed to
suspend the consultancy fee until after the loan had been repaid.

13 By 2005, the relationship between the parties began to show signs of
strain. In March 2005, Dr Segar travelled with Veronica and her family to
Sydney, Australia for a holiday. During this trip, Veronica got into an
altercation with Dr Segar’s maid which caused unhappiness on the part of both
parties. Another big argument between Dr Segar and Veronica took place in or
about January or February 2006 when Veronica allegedly reneged on her
intention to help out Dr Segar with the payment of the renovations works at
his shophouse. The parties then mutually agreed to end their collaboration in
the jewellery business. Dr Segar said he enquired what they should do about
all the unsold jewellery and gemstones that were in his possession. Veronica
then told Dr Segar that he could keep all of the unsold jewellery and
gemstones. From that point onwards, Dr Segar regarded their friendship as
having ended.

14 The relationship between the parties worsened after a New Year’s Eve dinner
that was held at the home of a mutual friend on 31st December 2006. During
that dinner, ATM approached Dr Segar and offered his hand in greeting. Not
only did Dr Segar refuse to take his hand, Dr Segar followed up with an SMS
message to ATM in the early hours of 1 January 2007 (the “1st January SMS”).
This SMS message was also sent to Marlene Gwee (“Marlene”), a friend of
Veronica and Dr Segar’s former clinic assistant. The contents of this SMS
message are the subject matter of Veronica’s counterclaim against Dr Segar for
libel. It is convenient at this juncture to explain that in the 1st January
SMS, Dr Segar alluded to Veronica’s broken promises to him. Counsel for Dr
Segar, Mr Devinder K Rai (“Mr Rai”), identified four promises:[note: 3] (a) to
assist Dr Segar when he required financial assistance in renovating his
shophouse; (b) Dr Segar could keep all the gemstones and jewellery; (c) the
resumption of the monthly consultancy fee of $6,000; and (d) to continue to
pay Veronica’s father-in-law after his retirement the same remuneration and
benefits previously received from Skatool Industries.

15 On 30th March 2007, Dr Segar received an email from Marlene (the “30th
March Email”). The 30th March Email was sent to Dr Segar and copied to Dr
Segar’s friends and acquaintances, including Veronica. In that email, Marlene
had accused Dr Segar of breaking up her marriage, and also rebuked him for
grouping her husband, Henry Cheng (“Henry”), with Veronica. In examination-in-
chief, Marlene explained that Dr Segar had made negative comments about
Veronica and Dr Segar had commented that both Henry and Veronica had the same
traits. In her opinion, Dr Segar was wrong to “lump Henry with Veron because
Henry didn’t do anything to him”.[note: 4] In reply, Veronica on 31st March
2007 sent an email entitled “THE TRUE COLOURS OF A SINGAPORE DOCTOR” (the
“31st March Email”). This email, along with another two emails mentioned
below, formed the subject matter of Dr Segar’s claims in libel. The 31 March
Email was copied to Dr Segar’s friends and acquaintances.

16 Upon receiving the 31st March Email, Dr Segar said he was very upset. He
immediately sent ATM an SMS on his mobile phone wherein he sarcastically
thanked Veronica for her email to Marlene (the “31st March SMS to ATM”). Later
that same day, he also sent an SMS message to Marlene where he chastised her
for working with Veronica to destroy his reputation (the “31st March SMS to
Marlene”).

17 On 5th April 2007, Veronica sent two further emails (“the “first 5th April
Email” and “the second 5th April Email” respectively). Dr Segar alleges that
Veronica made further defamatory and disparaging statements against him in
these emails, including the allegation that he had kept the “good stuff” from
their jewellery business for himself. Aggrieved, Dr Segar decided to hand over
the gemstones that he considered most valuable to Veronica. In doing so, Dr
Segar also sent an undated handwritten letter to ATM on 3 April 2008 (“the
Letter”). The Letter is also a part of Veronica’s counterclaim.

Veronica’s version

18 Veronica’s recollection of the facts was in parts slightly different from
Dr Segar’s in terms of emphasis than substance; in other areas, admittedly,
the evidence conflict. According to Veronica, she first got to know Dr Segar
sometime in 1994 to 1995 when ATM brought her to Dr Segar’s clinic.
Thereafter, Dr Segar became Veronica’s family doctor. Veronica confirmed the
couple’s close friendship with Dr Segar and that they made many overseas trips
together. Veronica described Dr Segar’s relationship with her and her family
as a one in which there was no clear demarcation of debts owed to one another,
but each party regularly offered, and did, pay for items on behalf of the
other. However, more often than not, she and her husband ended up with the
bill, and she produced at the trial a slew of bills and receipts to prove her
claim.

19 On or around March 2002, Dr Segar proposed setting up the jewellery
business with Veronica as equal partners. Dr Segar said that he knew suppliers
in Sri Lanka who could provide gemstones. To save on rentals and staff costs,
the jewellery would be displayed in his medical clinic for sale to his
patients. Dr Segar also offered to handle the accounts. Veronica agreed to his
proposal and contributed some money to the start-up costs. Sometime in June
2002, Dr Segar suggested that they use the business name of “Sparkle from
Belgium” and that the jewellery business be registered in Veronica’s name as a
sole proprietor. The reason for this side arrangement was prudence as Dr Segar
did not want to court trouble with the Singapore Medical Council. Veronica
agreed to do as asked and, accordingly, the business was registered in her
name. However, to protect Dr Segar’s interest in the partnership, the
trademark “Sparkle” with the stylised font was registered in his name. In the
business dealings regarding the jewellery business, Veronica had followed Dr
Segar’s lead at all times.

20 As for the loan from Dr Segar, Veronica explained that towards the end of
2002, she and ATM wanted to purchase a factory in Tuas. According to Veronica,
it was Dr Segar who, upon hearing of Veronica’s financial constraints, offered
to help with a loan. Dr Segar did not mention how he intended to raise the
loan. Veronica, who was grateful for the offer, promptly accepted and agreed
to repay the loan within three years. Veronica received from Dr Segar, a
cashier’s order dated 12 April 2003 for $167,003.22 and Dr Segar’s cheque
dated 14 April for $91,868.91. Veronica was surprised to receive $258,872.13
and not $300,000. Dr Segar orally explained that he had deducted the sum of
$41,127.87 from the loan amount of $300,000 as bank penalty for refinancing
the mortgage of his Merryn Road property. Dr Segar also requested that
Veronica pay the legal fees of $3,640.66 to his solicitors for professional
services rendered in the refinancing. At that time, Dr Segar had explicitly
stated that the property had been refinanced solely for Veronica’s benefit.
Veronica was also asked to pay interest of 6% on the loan. Even though
Veronica did not like the terms of the loan, she nonetheless accepted the
cashier’s order and Dr Segar’s cheque as she urgently needed the money. To
Veronica, this was the first sign of unpleasantness in their friendship.

21 Veronica testified that she subsequently found out that Dr Segar also
benefited from the refinancing of the Merryn Road property by enjoying a lower
interest rate (from 5% to 2%). Furthermore, Dr Segar had, in spite of what he
told Veronica, obtained from the refinancing, a loan of more than $300,000
such that he was able to withdraw an additional $205,180.89 for himself.

22 Veronica agreed that from June 2003 to June 2004, she had repaid, in part,
the loan by causing Skatool Industries to pay Dr Segar’s clinic, Segar Medical
Services Pte Ltd (“Segar Medical Services”), a sum of $6,000 a month. However,
Veronica asserted that payment to his clinic was at Dr Segar’s request and his
instructions were that he wanted those payments reflected as his monthly
income for consultancy services. Dr Segar even instructed Veronica, on two
different occasions, to write letters to Hong Leong Finance, to whom the
Merryn Road property was re-mortgaged, to confirm his appointment as a
consultant. Although no such consultancy services were provided, Veronica and
her husband agreed to help Dr Segar in this respect.

23 On the renovation costs for Dr Segar’s shophouse at 184 East Coast Road,
Veronica also proferred a different story. By her reckoning, Dr Segar had
planned to carry out major renovations at his shophouse. He estimated that he
needed about $200,000 and sought Veronica’s help financially. Veronica agreed
but the exact amount, extent and duration of the financial assistance that she
was prepared to extend was not discussed. Accordingly, whenever Dr Segar asked
her to make payments to contractors first, she would do so. Veronica did so
because she had to repay Dr Segar’s loan. From Veronica’s perspective, it was
understood that any amounts outstanding between the two parties would be
settled later, and any moneys paid by Veronica in excess of the loan repayment
would have to be repaid.

24 By 2005, Veronica was beginning to feel that she had paid in excess of the
amount she owed to Dr Segar. His request for financial assistance continued
and did not seem like abating. In the first half of that year, Dr Segar asked
Veronica and ATM to pay for the installation of an elevator for the shophouse.
Although Veronica felt that the elevator was somewhat unnecessary, she
nevertheless made the payment. Later, Dr Segar requested that Veronica pay for
the installation of a Jacuzzi and a fish pond. He also orally asked for a
monthly payment of $10,000 for the rest of his life. Veronica declined to make
these payments and the relationship between the parties deteriorated further.

25 Veronica also claimed that in early 2006, Dr Segar began to speak unkindly
of her in front of third parties. In particular, Veronica alleged that Dr
Segar told one Tore Dalseide (“Tore”), a customer of Veroncia’s, that Veronica
was not trustworthy and a bitch (the “Statement to Tore”). In or around July
or August 2006, Veronica informed Dr Segar that she did not wish to invest any
more moneys in the jewellery business.

26 Veronica and Dr Segar are in agreement on how the 1st January SMS came to
be sent: see [14] above. The 31st March SMS to ATM and the 31st March SMS to
Marlene were also shown to Veronica when they were received. Veronica did not
deny sending the emails that were the subject matter of Dr Segar’s claim in
defamation (see [15] and [17] above).

_SUIT 310: THE DEFAMATION ACTION_

The publications complained of by Dr Segar

27 As stated, there are three emails in this libel action. The full text of
each email is set out below. It is relevant to note that Veronica admitted, at
the trial, that the three emails referred to Dr Segar; that she was the author
of the emails, and that she had sent the emails to a group of people – 31st
March Email was sent to 24 addressees;[note: 5] the first 5th April Email was
sent to 46 addressees (which included the first 24 addressees);[note: 6] and
the second 5th April Email was sent to 46 addressees.[note: 7] In light of her
admission, the issue for determination is whether the contents of the emails
are defamatory.

28 As can be seen below, the words and passages complained of are highlighted,
and the meanings attributed to the emails are set out immediately below the
text. Veronica’s defence that the words bear lesser meanings are also set out
below. Veronica is also claiming justification in relation to the natural and
ordinary meaning which Dr Segar attributes to the offensive statements in the
emails as well as the less serious meanings which she attributes to the
emails. I will set out the plea of justification at a later section of this
judgment.

First alleged libel: the 31st March Email

29 The 31st March Email was sent by Veronica to 24 individuals comprising of
Marlene, Dr Segar’s brother, and Dr Segar’s circle of friends and associates
but not Dr Segar himself. The email is entitled “THE TRUE COLOURS OF A
SINGAPORE DOCTOR” (emphasis as in the original email). For ease of reference,
I have inserted paragraph numbers and the double underline is to highlight the
words complained of by Dr Segar as defamatory. The caps, bold, italicised and
single underlined texts are the author’s. The email reads as follows:[note: 8]

Dear Marlene,

[1] 1 thing I do not understand what you mean you see what he has done to his
mother’s property?

[2] **WHAT HAS HE EXACTLY DONE TO HIS MOTHER’S PROPERTY? HAS HE CHEATED ON HIS
MOTHER & BROTHER???**

[3] Is he REALLY SUCH A MONSTER?

_A FIRST CLASS CON ARTISTE ??!!_

[4] Anyway, I am really glad to know that you also have come to your senses.

[5] **Well, I have been keeping quiet for so long, its time for me to tell my
side of the story**.

[6] _He was angry with me because I have refused to help him build his Palace
at East Coast Road for FREE_.

[7] _That is why after I left, he had to sell his Bungalow_. And why after you
left for China, he had to shut down the clinic.

[8] _He expected me to be at his BECK AND CALL at all times. Driver and all_.
He even told me several times that my husband is stupid and to leave him
alone. He even ask me several times to work for him. I have rejected him.

[9] But he has help me once BUT I have repaid him over and above it.

_Point 1_

[10] _He has help me by giving me a loan of 300k but I have paid him back with
ABOVE OD rates within 1.5year. I have paid over and above what he has loan to
me_.

_Point 2_

[11] _He was tagging along whenever My husband and I fly out of Singapore for
business at my expense. Saying that he is stress out and need a break. Eg;
Norway, BBK, etc_

_Point 3_

[12] _Demanding that we bring him out for FREE LUNCHES AND DINNERS at my
EXPENSES at fanciful Restaurant and because he was stress out. I have the
bills and witnesses to prove. He will do the inviting and be the Angel but I
will end up paying for the meals_.

_Point 4_

[13] _Plus the fact that I have GIVEN HIM 6K A MONTH FOR MORE THAN A YEAR to
help him tie over his money problem. FREE !!! I have all to prove_.

_Point 5_

[14] _Even when I employed a chauffeur, he was also using my driver and car
for free_.

[15] I believe Mary (Point 1&4) and Sham and even you (Point 1-4) know all
these as well.

[16] **_Honestly, I must have spend over 500k on him over the last 6 years_**.

[17] **_He has been controlling the Accounts and Jewellery of our Jewellery
Business all along_**.

[18] **_Only to return the Unsold sets Jewellery to me BUT KEEPING THE GOOD
STUFFS. All the Loose stones: 33 UNTREATED SAPPHIRES, PEARLS, DIAMONDS AND
above 40cts EMERALDS FOR HIMSELF_**.

[19] **_HIS SHARE OF THE KEEP ARE DOUBLE OF MINE. When we are actually equal
partners in the business!_**

[20] **_But telling the world he has given me all the jewellery? Something
which I absolutely had NO SAY and NO CHOICE! Is this fair?_**

[21] **_The problem with him is he is always telling half a story and leaving
it to you to imagine the other half. With the better benefiting him_**.

[22] **_It a pity a PERSON of this SUCH GOOD Family Background needs to retort
(sic) to such tricks and tactics. Guess that there are always Sucker s like us
in this world who will buy a Sob story. Till we find out the truth before he
move to the his next victim. He has always been trying to play 1 against the
other. “Divide and Conquer” He once said to me_**.

[23] **_He is very good at playing on your emotions and heart strings. He will
show to the world that he is such a giving person but will talk behind your
back and stabbed you. Like what he did to me in Australia. Only to be told the
truth by a friend 2 months ago_**.

[24] **_He mislead others thinking that WE are with him because WE ARE trying
to cheat him of his house. WE ARE the Devil and HE the Angel. This is what
happen to me_**.

[25] **_Some may ask Why Am I SO stupid to give in. He emotionally blackmailed
you into thinking without him you will not have what you are today. Guess I
was under some kind of spells_**.

[26] **_I thank him for his loan but I did not take advantage and walk away
with the money. Even though there was no IOU sign_**.

[27] **_BUT WHAT PEOPLE DONT KNOW IS THAT I paid over 45k for bank penalty for
him which was for re structuring his loan on his bungalow. This was added into
the 300k that he loan me_**. This was the deal that we had.

[28] **One thing for sure! He did not loan me out of the goodness of his
heart. In fact, he has all to gain and nothing to lose**.

[29] He got a much cheaper borrowing rates of about from the bank (the rates
were really low 2years ago) but charged me 300k OD rates right from the start
to the end. I was paying him 300k OD rates even when I have repaid all but
50k. Because he said he is tight with money.

[30] **_I have repaid over and above but when his demands will getting too
high and hard to bear… He even demanded me to give him 10k a month and support
him for the rest of his life. That was when I really learn for myself that he
is a BOTTOMLESS PIT and I had to move on with my life_**.

[31] **_AN EXPENSIVE AND HARD Lesson that I will learn and have learn well. I
have learn from the BEST MASTER this time. You live and you learn_**.

[32] **_I understand what you are going through. I can also be witness to the
fact that you will giving him free labour_**.

[33] **_But that does not mean that he can hold us to it forever and ever.
Even parents do not control their children like this and forever! With him,
THERE IS ALWAYS AN ULTERIOR MOTIVE!!!_**

[34] **_I truly am really sorry for what you are going through now that He had
managed to convince Henry to divorce you. This is a BEAST of a Man!_**

[35] No ** _Man has ever the right to dot his to another!! Not even any
parents to their children!!_**

[36] **_THIS IS TRY DESPICABLE AND UNFORGIVABLE!!!!_**

30 Dr Segar alleges in pleadings that the natural and ordinary meanings of the
words used in the 31st March Email and/or inferentially meant or are
understood to mean the following:

(i)

Dr Segar had cheated his mother;

(ii)

Dr Segar had cheated his brother;

(iii)

Dr Segar is dishonest;

(iv)

Dr Segar was abusing his friendship with Veronica in that:

(a)

Veronica was paying for the plaintiff’s travelling and entertainment expenses;

(b)

Veronica was rendering financial support to the plaintiff; and

(c)

Dr Segar had free use of Veronica’s driver and car;

(v)

Dr Segar had lied to and cheated Veronica;

(vi)

Dr Segar had attempted to extort money from Veronica;

(vii)

Dr Segar had overcharged Veronica for the loan of $300,000 which Dr Segar had
advanced to her;

(viii)

Dr Segar was instrumental in the divorce of [Marlene];

(ix)

Dr Segar lacked financial competence and integrity; and

(x)

In all the circumstances, Dr Segar is unfit to be a medical practitioner.

Second alleged libel: the first 5th April Email

31 Veronica had sent the same 31st March Email on 5th April 2007 to Dr Segar.
As such, the same meanings set out above in [30] are being alleged. I should
for completeness mention the differences between the two emails. They are: (a)
the typographical error in the heading of the first 5th April Email - “THE
TRYE COLOURS OF A SINGAPORE DOCTOR”; (b) the email was addressed to Dr Segar,
marked “WITHOUT PREJUDICE” and with the note “Compliments from Veronica Koh”
and; (c) there were also more recipients: 46 email addresses. Some 13 minutes
later, Veronica sent the second 5th April Email to the same number of
addressees.

Third alleged libel: the second 5th April Email

32 The second 5th April Email to Dr Segar and Marlene was entitled “Will the
REAL ASHOK SEGAR stand out please…:” The email referred to the first 5th April
Email copied and sent 13 minutes earlier to 46 email addresses. As before
paragraph numbers have been added to the email for ease of reference and the
double underline is to highlight the alleged defamatory words. Again, the
caps, bold and italicised and single underlined texts are the author’s. The
email reads as follows:

[1] Dear Ashok Segar, Marlene and Everybody, I have always been an open book
and will always be.

[2] _To prove my point, I have just sent Dr Segar a copy of my earlier email_.
_Compliments from Veronica Koh_ :)

[3] **I was wondering if Hari, your brother has already contacted Marlene to
find out…**

[4] **HOW…Hari Got Cut Out Of His Inheritance… Bungalow? Merryn Road? Did a
Professional commit forgery ??? Hmmm… Interesting Revelation … isn’t it?**

[5] I wonder why do you keep saying that I am a “Money Faced Lying Pariah
Bitch” (in your SMS to my husband)? Have I taken any of your money???

[6] Why are you always passing messages pass through others? You keep
Harassing my husband with all your SMSes. **Are you hoping to create a ridge
between us, husband and wife?** What is your motive?

[7] **You actually told Henry to divorce his wife**. You are so convincing…
They are going through a divorce.

[8] Why is it you always go through a 3rd party? Henry? My husband? Mrs Tan?
Sham? Ted? etc

[9] Even to the extent of cursing me on 1st Jan 2007 New Year Day at about 4am
(via a SMS send to my husband) **Just Because I have attended Mary’s party?**
It was your SMS to us, that really show us your **TRUE COLOURS**. Thank you
very much.

[10] Are You are Such A Wicked Soul?

[11] Honestly, I have kept every SMS, letters and notes from you. I am
collecting them as souvenirs from you.

[12] **What I have written and email is in Black and White. It Should Be Good
Enough For You To Bring A Defamation Suit Against Me?**

[13] I am right here waiting … I am very prepared :) **Prove to the World.
WHAT I HAVE SAID IS WRONG!**

[14] **I don’t just Shoot Blanks like you always do. Gossiping and
Lieing(sic)… Ruining Others’ Reputation!**

**_Remember this_** :

[15] **What Goes Around, Comes Around. How you treat others, at the end it
will all comes back to you. I am a firm Believer of Karma**.

[16] **Literally, You Bit The Very Hand That Feed You**.

[17] _After you have cheated me of so much money. I kept quiet because I
needed time to straighten out my senses and thoughts_.

[18] You really have me confused all this while. Making me think I have failed
you. That I have let you down…

[19] Frankly, all these while I wanted to walk away and treats it as Tuition
Fees

[20] Because what you did to me is really a **VERY WELL THOUGHT PLAN**.

[21] Instead of thanking me for my _Generous Donations To You_ , you went on
and on to claim that I have cheated and taken advantage of you.

[22] Since you like to tell stories so much. **Please…**** _I beg of you to
further elaborate_**.

[23] How have I treated you? Most important… HOW MUCH? I believe a lot of
people, _like me_ would like to know.

[24] Could You Be So Kind As To Elaborate –

**The Details**

**And Figures**

**And On How You Derive At It**.

Please… I beg of you…

[25] Medically???

[26] I have paid for all the medical assistance you gave. I have the invoices
and cheques to prove.

[27] **But We Play It Open. For All To See And Judge. Let’s all play a FAIR
Round of Show Hands**.

[28] Whatever I have mentioned in my earlier emails. I have all the evidences
to show.

[29] **Remember I don’t just shoot blanks**. I Don’t Serenade People with
Words and Big Show.

[30] I am a Doer. **I act on it supported by concrete evidences. Remember:
Actions speak louder than words**.

[31] What I have mention in my first email, **IS JUST ONLY THE APPETIZER**.
Since we are all food lovers, I have prepared a 10 Course Meal Fit For A King.

[32] I am now just waiting for you to **JOIN ME FOR THE LAST SUPPER**.

[33] **Please, please, please do not be mistaken. This is not a Blackmail.
Because this is done so openly and I am definitely**** _NOT_****asking for
anything in return**.

[34] **Rather A RED CARPET OPEN INVITATION TO YOU. An Open Card Game For All
To See and Judge**.

[35] **This is A CALL FOR**** _JUDGEMENT DAY !_**

[36] **If you have nothing to hide, why are you so afraid? COME OUT TO THE
LIGHT WITH ME! LET’S ALL SEE WHO THE REAL COUNT DRACULAR IS!**

[37] **Lie Detector? Forensic? Estate?****_HSA_****? I believe you know what I
am talking about?**

[38] I want to show the world what I have got. Not just some cheap talk like
you.

[39] This indeed will be A VERY INTERESTING SHOW! **If you have nothing to
hide, COME OUT PLEASE!**

[40] MORE PEOPLE, MORE FUN! MERRIER!

[41] I am very sane now and I know what I am doing and getting myself into.
This is definitely not a “display of impulsive expression”, surely not after
1.5 years of silence :)

[42] **You know, I never like to play games**.

[43] **People have often ask me for my side of the story. I have maintain my
silence purely because… I am greatly embarrassed to tell that I have been CON
more than 500k and for 5years**.

[44] During this “silence time”, I gave full concentration to grow my
business, running overseas. As I no longer have to feed you. I had a lot more
time and money to from my business.

[45] While you…

No more Veron = No more Bungalow

No more Marlene = No more Geylang Clinic

[46] **And you went on and on to stir the hornet nest, thinking I am afraid of
you and is avoiding going to MPS. This is the BIGGEST JOKE of ALL TIME!**

[47] **If I have something to hide or plan to cheat you, Why would I introduce
you to the whole PAP thing?**

[48] **I just wanted to save some face for my Poor Husband. Because we have
been so STUPID and FOOLISH TO BE CHEATED BY YOU**

[49] **Right now, since you TOLD so many people that I AM a Con Woman. I guess
a Stupid, Ignorant Fool is a much better name isn’t it**.

[50] **PLEASE JUSTIFY YOUR STORIES ON ME. HOW? HOW MUCH? DETAILS?**

[51] Marlene, are you interested?

[52] **Only Rule to the Game;****_All Stories are to be supported by
evidences_**.

33 Dr Segar alleges that the natural and ordinary meanings of the words used
in the second email of 5th April and/or inferentially meant or are understood
to mean the following:

(i)

Dr Segar had cheated his brother;

(ii)

Dr Segar had committed forgery;

(iii)

Dr Segar had cheated Veronica;

(iv)

Dr Segar had conned Veronica of “…more than 500k and for 5 years”;

(v)

Dr Segar is dishonest;

(vi)

Dr Segar lacked financial competence and integrity; and

(vii)

In all the circumstances, Dr Segar is unfit to be a medical practitioner.

34 Dr Segar seeks general damages and aggravated damages in respect of the
three emails. In respect of the claim for aggravated damages, Dr Segar alleges
malice, the particulars of which are set out in paras 8, 14 and 21 of the
Statement of Claim (Amendment No 1).

Veronica’s lesser meanings in relation to three emails

35 Veronica denies that the contents of the emails are capable of bearing one
or any defamatory meanings ascribed by Dr Segar. She maintains that the emails
have to be read in context, and that one has to have in mind how they came to
be written. In respect of the 31st March Email, the lesser meanings pleaded by
Veronica are as follows:

(i)

The Dr Segar is an overbearing and demanding person;

(ii)

Veronica had been very generous towards the plaintiff and the plaintiff took
her generosity for granted;

(iii)

Dr Segar had not been forthcoming with Veronica in relation to the running of
a jewellery business which Veronica and the plaintiff had set up;

(iv)

Dr Segar had a tendency to speak ill of people behind their backs; and/or

(v)

Dr Segar was the cause of the breakdown of Marlene’s marriage.

36 Veronica adopts the same lesser meanings in respect of the First 5th April
Email. In respect of the Second 5th April Email, the lesser meanings pleaded
by Veronica are as follows:

(i)

Dr Segar was not appreciative of Veronica’s generosity

(ii)

Dr Segar had convinced Veronica that she was indebted to him and Dr Segar used
Veronica’s said belief as a means of obtaining monetary benefits from her.

37 Veronica is also relying on the defence of justification, particulars of
which are set out in paras 6, 7 and 16 of the Defence (Amendments No 5).

First issue: Whether each of the meaning pleaded by Dr Segar is capable of
being conveyed by the matter complained of and whether it is capable of
defaming him

The legal principles

38 On the first issue of the meanings to which the impugned words are capable,
the approach of the court is well settled. The parties are also in agreement
as to the approach to be followed. The principles to be applied by a court (on
this first issue) have been most recently summarised by the Court of Appeal in
_Review Publishing Co Ltd and Another v Lee Hsien Loong and Another_ [2010] 1
SLR(R) 52 (“ _Lee Hsien Loong (CA)_ ”) at [27]as follows:

_The court decides what meaning the words would have conveyed to an ordinary,
reasonable person using his general knowledge and common sense: Jeyaretnam
Joshua Benjamin v Goh Chok Tong_ [1984-1985] SLR 516; [1985] 1 MLJ 334 and
[JJB v LKY (1992) ([19] _supra_)]. _The test is an objective one: it is the
natural and ordinary meaning as understood by an ordinary, reasonable person,
not unduly suspicious or avid for scandal_. The meaning intended by the maker
of the defamatory statement is irrelevant. Similarly, the sense in which the
words were actually understood by the party alleged to have been defamed is
also irrelevant. _Nor is extrinsic evidence admissible in construing the
words_. The meaning must be gathered from the words themselves and in the
context of the entire passage in which they are set out. _The court is not
confined to the literal or strict meaning of the words, but takes into account
what the ordinary, reasonable person may reasonably infer from the words_. The
ordinary, reasonable person reads between the lines. … [emphasis in original]

39 In adopting the aforementioned factors to determine the meanings borne by
the three emails (which I will take in turn), I am mindful that an important
part of the approach is the court’s task to put itself in the position of an
ordinary reasonable reader reading the offending email as a whole and as such
should not be too analytical or too literal in considering the words used. In
addition, the ordinary reasonable reader possessed only of his or her general
knowledge may infer a meaning from all the surrounding circumstances which
goes beyond the strictly literal meaning of the words used.

40 After the natural words and ordinary meaning or the lesser meaning has been
established, the next consideration is whether the meaning is defamatory. In
this regard, a helpful summary of the legal principles is found in _Halsbury’s
Laws of Singapore_ , Vol 18, (LexisNexis, 2009 Reissue) (_“Halsbury’s”_), para
[240.091] and it reads as follows:

There is no exhaustive definition of what constitutes a defamatory statement,
since the word ‘defamatory’ is nowhere precisely defined. A statement is
defamatory of the person of whom it is published if it tends to lower him in
the estimation of right thinking members of society generally or if it exposes
him to public hatred, contempt or ridicule or if it causes him to be shunned
or avoided. An untrue statement is not necessarily a defamatory statement; in
order to be defamatory, the statement must lower the plaintiff in the
estimation of others, or expose him to hatred, contempt or ridicule. A
person’s reputation is not confined to his general character and standing but
extends to his trade, business or profession, and words will be defamatory if
they impute lack of qualification, knowledge, skill, capacity, judgment or
efficiency in the conduct of his trade, business or professional activity.

With all these principles in mind, I now turn to the meanings of the words
complained of.

The meanings of the words complained of

(1) Dr Segar’s pleaded meanings: the 31st March Email

41 I will first consider what impression the emails are capable of having on
the hypothetical reasonable reader, rather than subjecting each of them to an
artificial and lengthy analysis which does not reflect the way in which it
would be read by the ordinary reasonable reader. On that basis, it seems to me
that in respect of the 31st March Email, the overall impression it had on me,
when determining what impact it would have had on the hypothetical reasonable
reader reading the email as a whole on 31 March 2007, comes from calling Dr
Segar a “FIRST CLASS CON ARTISTE??!!”. The tone and gist of the email is also
epitomised in the heading of the email which is as follows: “THE TRUE COLOURS
OF A SINGAPORE DOCTOR”.

42 In my judgment, the sting is the accusation that Dr Segar is a first class
con artist. In its natural and ordinary meaning, the hypothetical reasonable
reader would get from these words the impression that Dr Segar has befriended
his victims but was, in reality, a conman practised in the art of deceit. And
in essence, the relationship between Dr Segar and Veronica was that between a
conman or confident trickster and his victim.

43 Collins, Cobuild English Dictionary (5th ed) defines a con artist as “some
one who tricks other people into giving them their money or property”. Longman
Dictionary of Contemporary English (4th ed) (“Longman Dictionary”) defines the
term “con man” as “someone who tries to get money from people by tricking
them”. In my view, the word “conman” or “con artist” is capable of a range of
meanings. A person can “con” others for all kinds of purposes and with a view
to different benefits, not necessarily monetary. It does not necessarily mean
or include the meaning that he ripped people off for their money.

44 As stated, the sting can arise from the words “first class con artiste” and
it is reinforced through the combination of references to the words “first
class con artiste” with other words in the email such as “suckers like us in
this world who will buy a Sob story”; …“Till we find out the truth before he
[moves] to the his next victim”;… “He has always been trying to play [one]
against the other…”; …“He is very good at playing on your emotions and heart
strings”;… “Guess I was under some kind of spells (_sic_)”; “…that he is a
BOTTOMLESS PIT”;… “An EXPENSIVE and HARD Lesson that I will learn and have
learn (_sic_) well. I have learn (_sic_) for the BEST MASTER this time”; and
…“With him, THERE IS ALWAYS AN ULTERIOR MOTIVE!!!”. These statements produced
a picture of Veronica who was conned by Dr Segar for all kinds of purposes and
with a view to different benefits, not necessarily monetary. In all she
claimed to have spent over $500,000 on him over the last six years (see para
[16] of email quoted at [29] above). The monetary benefits were, for example,
the $6,000 per month payments for over a year for free to help tie over Dr
Segar’s money problems; paying “above OD rates” for the $300,000 loan; the
addition of the bank penalty of over $45,000 to the $300,000 loan, and
finally, paying the renovations of Dr Segar’s shophouse at 184, East Coast
Road. The other different benefits were, for instance, overseas travels, meals
at fancy restaurants, unreasonable demands on Veronica’s time and use of her
driver and car. In all, the imputation is that Dr Segar is a con artist; that
he deceived Veronica and is otherwise a cheat and is dishonest.

45 On the jewellery business, the deceit is inferred. Even though they were
“actually equal partners in the business”, the imputation that their
relationship was that between a conman and his victim comes from the following
impugned statements that

[18] Only to return the Unsold sets Jewellery to me But keeping the good
stuffs…All the loose stones….

[19] His share of the keep are double of mine…

[20] But telling the world he has given me all the jewellery? Something which
I absolutely had NO SAY and NO CHOICE!

[21] The problem with him is he is always telling half a story and leaving it
to you to imagine the other half. With the better benefiting him.

[22] It is a pity a PERSON of SUCH GOOD Family Background needs to retort
(sic) to such tricks and tactics.

In short, the inference is that Veronica was cheated by Dr Segar, and he is
dishonest.

46 To summarise, the sting comes from the words typed in capital letters “A
FIRST CLASS CON ARTISTE” and the impugned statement is defamatory in the
natural and ordinary meaning pleaded _ie_. he deceived Veronica and is
otherwise a cheat and is dishonest. The words are defamatory as they are
enough to induce an ill opinion of Dr Segar in the minds of the recipients of
the email and to deprive him of their society.

(2) Dr Segar’s pleaded meanings: first 5 April Email

47 The contents of the first 5 April Email is substantially the same as the
31st March Email, and the overall impression it had on me, when determining
what impact it would have had on the hypothetical reasonable reader reading
the email as a whole on 31 March 2007, is already explained above. The same
meaning can be attributed to the words complained of in paras 5.3.and 5.5 of
the Statement of Claim (Amendment No 5), that is to say, Dr Segar is
dishonest; and Dr Segar had lied to and cheated Veronica.

48 One related point raised by Mr Rai concerns the sapphires. The 31st March
Email referred to the sapphires retained by Dr Segar. Dr Segar’s case is that
he kept the sapphires initially because Veronica had agreed to it. However,
after the 31st March Email, Dr Segar returned the sapphires on 3 April 2007
with an undated handwritten note to ATM. Chronologically speaking, when
Veronica sent the first email on 5 April 2007 to Dr Segar and several other
addressees, the sapphires had already been returned to Veronica. As such,
Veronica’s reference to Dr Segar keeping the sapphires as of 5 April 2007 was
untrue, and Veronica had thereby (so the argument developed) increased the
sting of what was said in the 31st March Email when it was sent again on 5
April to a wider circle of friends and associates. I do not agree with this
submission as none of the addressees were privy to what Dr Segar actually did
on 3 April 2007, there being no evidence to suggest otherwise. In the
circumstances, the hypothetical reasonable reader with no special knowledge
that the sapphires were returned would not read the first 5 April Email in a
different light.

(3) Dr Segar’s pleaded meanings: second 5 April Email

49 In my overall impression of the 31st March Email, I did not agree with Mr
Rai that para 1 of that email is capable of bearing the meaning that Dr Segar
cheated his mother and brother of his mother’s property. In context, Veronica
was asking Marlene to explain what she wrote. The question marks were relevant
and not rhetorical in nature as Mr Rai submits. However, I accept that the
position is different in the case of the second 5th April Email. The
hypothetical reasonable reader would have understood this second 5th April
Email read in conjunction with its subject heading “Will the REAL ASHOK SEGAR
stand out please…” as capable of bearing the meanings attributed to paras 3
and 4 of the email: that Dr Segar cheated his brother by committing forgery to
cut him out of his inheritance. Paras 3 and 4 of the email read:

[3] **I was wondering if Hari, your brother has already contacted Marlene to
find out…**

[4] **HOW…Hari Got Cut Out Of His Inherentence…**

**Bungalow? Merryn Road?**

**Did a Professional commit forgery ???**

**Hmmm…**

**Interesting Revelation…isn’t it?**

**…**

50 The other parts of the email on the same topic written in bold by Veronica
for emphasis reads:

[36] **If you have nothing to hide, why are you so afraid**

**COME OUT TO THE LIGHT with me!**

**LET’s (sic) ALL SEE WHO THE REAL COUNT DRACULAR (sic) is!**

[37] **Lie Detector? Forensic? Estate? HSA?**

**I believe you know what I am talking about**

**…**

[39] **This indeed will be A VERY INTERESTING SHOW! If you have nothing to
hide, COME OUT PLEASE!**

**…**

[emphasis in original]

51 Paragraphs 3, 4 and 37 of the second 5th April Email and the use of
question marks to emphasise the words “professional” like a medical doctor
coupled with the words “commit forgery” and “interesting revelation” read
together show that the author wanted the readers to indulge in loose thinking
that the forgery by a professional man mentioned in the email was related to
the mother’s estate and the forger would be exposed after forensic
investigations by HSA or after a lie detector test. In her email she taunted
and dared Dr Segar to take the tests if he had nothing to hide.

52 The sting in the 31st Email - that Veronica was “conned” by Dr Segar - is
repeated in the second 5th April Email. She again wrote that she was cheated
by Dr Segar (para 17) and that she was conned of more that $500,000 for 5
years. She wrote:

[43] **People have often asked me for my side of the story**.

**I have maintain (sic) my silence purely because…**

**I am greatly embarrassed to tell that I have been**

**CON more than 500K and for 5 years**.

**…**

[48] **I just wanted to save some face for my Poor Husband**.

**Because we have been so STUPID and FOOLISH TO BE CHEATED BY YOU**.

[emphasis in original]

53 Other facts Veronica suggested as important to being “con” in her second
5th April Email were premeditation and planning in her second 5th April Email.
In para 20, she mentioned that “what you [Dr Segar] did to me” was a “very
well thought plan”. Immediately thereafter she explained the “plan” as
follows:

[21] Instead of thanking me for my _Generous Donations To You_ , you went on
and on to claim that I have cheated and taken advantage of you.

54 I agree with Mr Rai that the email wants the hypothetical reasonable reader
to evaluate what kind of a con man Dr Segar is. The context of the email is
laid before the hypothetical reasonable reader and it calls him/her to judge
Dr Segar. In my view, the hypothetical reasonable reader would have gotten the
impression that the email accuses Dr Segar of having committed forgery and for
being untruthful, that he deceived his brother and Veronica and is otherwise a
cheat and is dishonest. Such meanings are defamatory. They are enough to
induce an ill opinion of Dr Segar in the minds of the recipients and to
deprive him of their society.

Textual analysis of the emails

55 Save for the view expressed above that the emails bear the meanings for
which I have found and are defamatory (see [46] and [54] above), I disagree
with the rest of the detailed textual arguments addressed by both sides which
do not cast doubt on my impression. I return to the various texts of the
emails for completeness.

(i) 31st March Email

56 Mr Rai submits that the pleaded meanings \- that Dr Segar cheated his
mother and brother - are derived from on a reasonable reading of para 2 of the
31st March Email

[2] WHAT HAS HE EXACTLY DONE TO HIS MOTHER”S PROPERTY? HAS HE CHEATED ON HIS
MOTHER & BROTHER???

57 Mr Rai submits that the question marks are irrelevant given the general
tone and content of the entire email bearing in mind the caption heading: “THE
TRUE COLOURS OF A SINGAPORE DOCTOR”. The questions, so the arguments develop,
are not genuine questions requiring an honest answer but are, in essence,
rhetorical questions asked to induce a train of thought. Mr Rai points out
that, in context, the question marks were used for emphasis in relation to
Veronica’s allegation that Dr Segar had cheated his mother and brother.

58 In contrast, counsel for Veronica, Mr Giam Chin Toon SC (“Mr Giam”), argues
that para 2 and the question marks were not rhetorical questions – they were
nothing more than queries as Veronica was seeking Marlene’s clarification of
what Marlene had written in her email. I accept Mr Giam’s submissions. An
ordinary, reasonable person not unduly suspicious would read para 2 in the
context of para 1 where Veronica’s incomprehension of Marlene’s email was
clearly stated and she then sought clarification. I pause to mention Mr Rai’s
argument that the second 5th April Email supports the meaning of the words in
para 2 of the 31st March Email. The argument is untenable. It seeks to
introduce on 31st March 2007 extrinsic evidence, which is inadmissible, to
support the meaning of the words in para 2 of the 31st March Email. The next
sentence “Is he REALLY SUCH A MONSTER?” is, in my view, to be understood in
the context of her queries in para 2 of the email. The queries in para 2 are
all followed by a question mark.

59 The only sentence with two question marks and two exclamation marks is “A
FIRST CON ARTISTE??!! I have already dealt with that sentence in the context
of the gist and tone of the email.

60 Mr Rai argues that para 30 of the email suggests that Dr Segar had
attempted to extort $10,000 per month for life from Veronica. She had written:

[30] **He even demanded me to give 10K a month and support him for the rest of
his life**. [emphasis in original]

61 In response, Mr Giam argues that Dr Segar’s demand for $10,000 cannot
amount to extortion. There was no threat or fear involved. Veronica also
asserted that the statement was true. One defect in the imputation in terms of
capacity is that the notion of extortion of $10,000 per month involves
unwillingness at the very least, a reluctance to part with money, and it is
the essence of the story that Veronica willingly parted with her money in
response to sob stories. In that exercise, the word “con” there was not the
generally understood element of extortion. To the hypothetical reasonable
reader, it is more probable that Dr Segar was making a facetious request which
Veronica rightly ignored. She was not under pressure to give Dr Segar’s
request any serious thought. In the circumstances, the statement in para 30 of
the email could not amount to extortion as argued for by Mr Rai.

62 Separately, I agree with Mr Giam that simply stating that Veronica had paid
above commercial rates for the loan of $300,000 was not defamatory. There may
be various reasons for doing so, not in the least that Veronica had _agreed_
to do so. There is little reason for a hypothetical reasonable reader to
arrive at the conclusion that Dr Segar had unfairly overcharged Veronica by
taking advantage of her. Overcharging implies an intention to cheat someone by
making that person pay more than was required. Such an intention was not borne
out by the wording of para 10 of the 31st March Email. It simply gave the
hypothetical reasonable reader the impression that Veronica had more than
repaid any debt that she might owe to Dr Segar. It did not cast Dr Segar in
any negative light.

63 In relation to the alleged implication that Dr Segar was instrumental in
Marlene’s divorce, Mr Rai said the defamatory statement is in para 34 and it
reads:

[34] **I truly am really sorry for what you are going through now that He had
managed to convince Henry to divorce you**.

64 Mr Rai argues that the plain meaning of the above sentence is that the
plaintiff was instrumental in causing or contributing to the divorce of
Marlene by convincing Henry to divorce her. I agree with Mr Giam that the para
34 is not defamatory.

65 On the allegation that Dr Segar lacks financial competence and integrity,
Mr Rai relies on the 31st March Email in its entirety to support this
defamatory meaning. He asserts that by insinuating that Dr Segar had cheated
his mother and brother, demanding that Veronica pay for his travelling and
entertainment expenses and attempting to extort money from her, a reasonable
reader would deduce that Dr Segar is financially incompetent and lacks
integrity.

66 In reply, Mr Giam argues that none of the words or paragraphs complained of
in the whole email bore the meanings that Dr Segar tried to ascribe to them.
Having reached the conclusion on the sting of the email, it is not necessary
to find that the 31st March Email conveyed the implication that Dr Segar
lacked financial competence and integrity. To conclude otherwise would involve
an over analysis of the email.

67 Finally, I also did not agree that the email read as a whole attacked Dr
Segar in his professional capacity such as lack of qualification, knowledge,
skill, capacity, judgment or efficiency in the conduct of his medical
practice. A dishonest person is not necessarily an incompetent or unskilled
doctor. By virtue of his occupation, the plaintiff has some standing in
society. If anything, the email attacks his social reputation and personal
character rather than his professional character. There is therefore no basis
that for the allegation that words complained of bear meaning or is understood
to mean that Dr Segar is unfit to be a medical practitioner.

(ii) The first 5th April Email

68 The same observations made earlier apply equally to this email.

(iii) The second 5th April Email

69 There are parts of the email that related to Veronica’s question as to why
Dr Segar kept calling her a “Money Faced Lying Pariah Bitch” and in chiding
him for accusing her of cheating him without proof, she mocks Dr Segar. In the
present case, I do not think parts of the email – that rhetorically asked Dr
Segar if he was a “Wicked Soul”; likening Dr Segar as someone who “shoot
Blanks”; rebuking him for “Gossiping and Lieing (sic)..Ruining Others’
Reputation!; and finally chiding Dr Segar for having gone too far in their
vendetta like “Literally, You Bit the Very Hand That Feed You”- made Dr Segar
looked ridiculous or lowered his social reputation in the eyes of the
hypothetical reasonable person who read the email. I agree with Millett LJ’s
observations in _Berkoff v Burchill and Another_ [1997] EMLR 139 at 153 that
the line between mockery and defamation may sometime be difficult to draw. I
am not convinced that the aforementioned words fall on the wrong side of the
line to amount to defaming Dr Segar.

Second issue: Were the publications complained of substantially true

The legal principles

70 The law relating to justification is well settled. The gist of the defence
is that the defamatory statements made were true or substantially true. The
defence of justification is summarised in _Halsbury’s_ at paras [240.132] and
[240.133] as follows:

The defence of justification is that the words complained of were true in
substance and in fact. Since the law presumes that every person is of good
repute until the contrary is proved, it is for the defendant to plead and
prove affirmatively that the defamatory words are true or substantially true.
If a defendant pleads justification, where the words complained of consist of
statements of fact and comment, he must prove that the defamatory statements
of fact are true or substantially true and that the defamatory inferences
borne by the comment are true. … Truth may be pleaded as a defence to the
whole of the defamatory statements or in the alternative as a defence to a
severable part of them. Failure to establish the defence at trial may properly
be taken into account in aggravation of damages. The defence may be pleaded in
the alternative to a defence which denies publication.

The defence of justification asserts that the sting of the defamatory
statement in its proper context is true in substance and in fact. Where a
plaintiff complains of words in part of a publication the defendant may refer
to the whole publication in order to aver that in their context the words bore
a meaning different from that alleged by the plaintiff and that in that
meaning they are true. The defendant may not otherwise assert a version of the
words which differs materially from the plaintiff’s version and justify that
version.

71 In the defence of justification, it is paramount that the defendant
identifies precisely what meaning he or she seeks to justify. The Court of
Appeal in _Aaron Anne Joseph v Cheong Yip Seng_ [1996] 1 SLR (R) 258 held (at
[68] and [70]):

… It is necessary to consider first what precisely the [defendants] sought to
justify. The law on this point is now quite clear. **Where a defendant in a
defamation action pleads justification, he must do so in such a way as to
inform the plaintiff and the court precisely what meaning or meanings he seeks
to justify**. …

… The law on this is clear: the issues to be tried under the plea of
justification are limited to the matters referred to in the particulars. … Be
that as it may the crucial questions is whether within the confines of their
pleadings the [defendants] have succeeded in proving the facts averred in the
particulars and, on the basis of these facts, in justifying the sting of the
libel. …

[emphasis added]

Discussions and decision on the defence of justification

72 In her Defence and Counterclaim (Amendment No 5), Veronica pleads the
following defences of justification in relation to the 31st March Email and
the first 5th April Email:

JUSTIFICATION

If and in so far as the words set out in their natural and ordinary meaning
and/or inferentially, bore and/or were understood to bear and/or were capable
of bearing **the meanings set out in paragraph 5 above** , they were true in
substance and in fact.

Paragraph 5 read as follows:

5\. Further and/or in the alternative, the Defendant states that the words set
out in paragraph 3 of the Statement of Claim (Amendment no. 1), read in
context of the 31 March 2007 e-mail and/or the matters set out therein, meant
and/or were understood to mean that:

5.1 The Plaintiff is an overbearing and demanding person;

5.2 The Defendant had been very generous towards the Plaintiff and the
Plaintiff took the Defendant’s generosity for granted;

5.3 The Plaintiff had not been forthcoming with the Defendant in relation to
the running of the jewellery business which the Defendant and the Plaintiff
had set up in July 2002 (the “Business”);

5.4 The Plaintiff had a tendency to speak ill of people behind their backs;
and/or

5.5 The Plaintiff was a cause of the breakdown of one Marlene Gwee (“MG”)
marriage.

73 As is discernible from the plea above, Veronica’s defence of justification
relates only to the lesser meanings ascribed by her to the words complained of
by Dr Segar in his pleadings. The pleaded position is the same for the second
5th April Email. Paragraph 16 of the Defence and Counterclaim (Amendment No 5)
reads:

JUSTIFICATION

16\. If and in so far as the words set out in their natural and ordinary
meaning and/or inferentially, bore and/or were understood to bear and/or were
capable of bearing the meanings set out in paragraph 15 above, they were true
in substance and in fact.

Particulars of Justification

16.1 As to paragraph 15.1 above,

16.1.1 The Defendant had been very generous towards the Plaintiff and the
Defendant repeats paragraph 6.1.1 above; and

16.1.2 The Plaintiff did not appreciate the Defendant’s generosity and the
Defendant repeats paragraphs 26 to 49 herein.

16.2 As to paragraph 15.2 above,

16.2.1 The Plaintiff had numerous occasions informed the Defendant that she
was indebted to him since he had given the Loan to the Defendant, prevented
the Defendant’s investments in China from failing and strengthened the
Defendant’s marriage with her husband;

16.2.2 By reason of 16.2.1 above, the Defendant felt indebted to the
Plaintiff; and

16.2.3 The Defendant repeats paragraph 6.1.1 above.

Paragraph 15 states:

15\. Further and/or alternative, the words set out in paragraph 16 of the
Statement of Claim (Amendment No. 1), read in context of the second 5 April
2007 email and/or matters set out therein, meant and/or were understood to
mean that:

15.1 The Plaintiff was not appreciative of the Defendant’s generosity; and/or

15.2 The Plaintiff had convinced the Defendant that she was indebted to him
and the Plaintiff used the Defendant’s said belief as a means of obtaining
monetary benefits from her.

74 Since I do not agree with the lesser meanings, the defence of justification
is not, in the main, applicable. However, that is not the end of the matter. I
must still consider paras 7 and 17 of the Defence and Counterclaim (Amendment
No 5). These paras seek to rely on the defence of justification in relation to
the natural and ordinary meanings pleaded by Dr Segar in respect of the 31st
March Email and the second 5th April Email. The paragraphs are set out below.

7\. Further and in the alternative, if and in so far as the words set out in
paragraph 3 of the Statement of Claim (Amendment No. 1) in their natural and
ordinary meaning and/or inferentially bore and/or were understood to bear the
meanings as set out in paragraph 5 of the Statement of Claim (Amendment No. 1)
[_ie_. the 31st March Email], they were true in substance and in fact. The
Defendant repeats the particulars set out in paragraph 6 above and further
state that,

Particulars of Justification

7.1 On or about April 2003, the Plaintiff agreed to lend to the Defendant the
sum of S$300,000.00 (the “Loan”).

7.2 The Plaintiff informed the Defendant, by reason of the refinancing
required by the Plaintiff for the Loan, the Defendant had to bear the
Plaintiff’s penalty of S$41,127.87 imposed by DBS Bank. The Plaintiff also
informed the Defendant that this amount would be deducted from the Loan. The
Plaintiff did not at the material time inform the Defendant that the penalty
was for a loan larger than the sum given to the Defendant and that he had
utilised the excess sum for himself.

7.2A The Defendant also paid the Plaintiff’s solicitors, M/s Arthur Loke
Bernard Rada & Lee, the sum of S$3,640.66 for their legal services provided in
the Plaintiff’s refinancing referred to in paragraph 7.2 above which said sum
was the legal fees for the loan meant for both the Plaintiff and the
Defendant.

7.3 The Plaintiff subsequently gave to the Defendant,

7.3.1 A cashier’s order dated 12 April 2003 for the sum of S$167,003.22; and

7.3.2 A cheque dated 14 April 2003 for the sum of S$91,868.91.

7.4 To date, the Defendant has repaid the Loan (with interest) to the
Plaintiff.

…

17\. If and in so far as the words set out in paragraph 16 of the Statement of
Claim (Amendment No. 1) [_ie_. the second 5th April Email] in their natural
and ordinary meaning and/or inferentially bore and/or were understood to bear
the meanings as set out in paragraph 18 of the Statement of Claim (Amendment
No. 1), they were true in substance and in fact. The Defendant repeats the
particulars set out in paragraph 16 above [_ie_. of the Defence and
Counterclaim (Amendment No 5)].

75 I start with para 17 which referred to the particulars in para 16 of the
Defence and Counterclaim (Amendment No 5). Notably, the matters pleaded in
para 16 are confined to the lesser meanings pleaded by Veronica in para 15 of
her Defence in respect of the second 5th April Email. As such, no particulars
have been given of the statements of fact and of the facts and matters she
relies on in support of her defence that the words are true. As pointed out in
_Aaron Anne Joseph v Cheong Yip Seng_ (see [71] above), particulars are
crucial when justification is pleaded as the issues to be tried under this
plea are limited to the matters referred to in the particulars. Accordingly,
Veronica’s plea of justification fails for lack of particulars.

76 Moving on to para 7 of the Defence and Counterclaim (Amendment No 5), which
is Veronica’s defence of justification in respect of the 31st March Email, the
particulars are notably confined to the loan of $300,000. To this end,
Veronica’s reliance on s 8 of the Defamation Act (Cap 75, 1985 Rev Ed) - which
provided that the failure of a defendant to prove the truth of every
imputation against the plaintiff would not be fatal to the plea of
justification if the imputations not proved to be true did not materially
injure the plaintiff’s reputation when regard was had to those imputations
which had been proved against the plaintiff - does not assist her. In the
circumstances, Veronica has failed to prove the truth of the meanings which I
have found to be defamatory of Dr Segar.

77 Turning to her defence that the statement on the $300,000 loan and the
refinancing of the Merryn Road property benefited Dr Segar, and not as she was
told that the transaction was for her sole benefit, Mr Giam in the light of
paras 7.2 and 7.2A of the Defence and Counterclaim (Amendment No 5) submits:
[note: 9]

[Dr] Segar had misrepresented to Veronica that a loan of $300,000 was taken
from a mortgage of his property for her sole benefit and failed to disclose he
had taken a loan for himself in the sum of $205,180.89 as well. She was made
to bear the full legal costs and bank penalty charge thinking that [Dr] Segar
had taken out the mortgage for her sole benefit.

78 Since Veronica was deceived in the manner described, so the argument
develops, the words complained of in their natural and ordinary meanings are
true. Mr Giam’s submissions, in my view, are not borne out by Veronica’s
evidence which is far from satisfactory. Neither was Dr Segar’s evidence on
the matter reliable.

79 I note that Dr Segar claimed that he _told_ Veronica about this loan of
$205,180.89 to himself but when pressed by Mr Giam to tell the court when he
told Veronica, he could only say that the information was in the bank
statement of their joint account, and she would have seen the money in the
account as she had access to the bank statement.[note: 10] I note that Dr
Segar did not mention the loan to himself in his affidavit of evidence-in-
chief or that he had told Veronica about it. In closing submissions, the
position Mr Rai took was that Veronica knew from the bank statement or was in
a position to know of the loan of $205,180.89 to Dr Segar.[note: 11]

80 In cross-examination, Mr Rai put to Veronica that on or about 12 April 2003
she knew that the balance of the redemption proceeds of $205,180.89 would be
paid out to Dr Segar.[note: 12] Veronica denied that the deal between herself
and Dr Segar was for Veronica to receive $300,000 of the money raised on
refinancing Dr Segar’s Merryn Road property, while the balance of the
redemption proceeds would go to Dr Segar.[note: 13] She claimed that she only
knew that Dr Segar took $205,180.89 in the course of this court case.[note:
14]

81 On the evidence, it is clear that Dr Segar did not actually inform Veronica
of the balance redemption amount of $205,189.89. Neither would she have known
about it on or about 12 April 2003 as the April bank statement would only be
available in May 2003. As for Veronica’s testimony that she did not see the
April bank statement until it was discovered in the proceedings, her testimony
is not corroborated. In the 31st March Email, she alluded to the fact that the
refinancing was not entirely for her sole benefit. She wrote (at para [28]):

One thing for sure! He did not loan me out of the goodness of his heart. In
fact, he has all to gain and nothing to lose.

82 It is not entirely clear whether the benefit she referred to in para 28 was
to the low interest rate in the following para of the email (see [29] above)
or something else (_ie_. balance of the redemption proceeds). She did not
explain nor was she asked by her counsel to clarify. In the circumstances, I
am not satisfied that she has discharged the burden of proving paras 7.2 and
7.2A of her Defence. Accordingly, her defence of justification fails.

Veronica’s counterclaim: Dr Segar’s three SMS message and Letter

83 In her counterclaim, Veronica is seeking damages for libel and slander. She
also has a monetary claim of $209,137.44 being moneys paid to Dr Segar as well
as to third parties on behalf of Dr Segar and she accordingly seeks
reimbursements of this sum. I will deal with the monetary claim later.

First alleged libel: the 1st January SMS

84 The first SMS message that the defendant relies on for her counterclaim was
sent on 1st January 2007 by Dr Segar to her husband, ATM, and Marlene. This
SMS message reads as follows:

Dear TM, I beg you never to ever approach me in public again. Just like your
father before me it is too painful to be reminded of the pain and suffering
caused by the broken promises made by that money-faced lying bitch. May she be
rewarded for her callous deceit with the eternal damnation she deserves and
may 2007 bring you all as much despair and misery as was caused to your father
and me last year.

85 In her counterclaim, Veronica alleges that the 1st January SMS is
defamatory in that the natural and ordinary meanings of the statements
complained of are capable of conveying the following meanings:

(i)

Veronica had caused ATM’s father and Dr Segar pain and suffering;

(ii)

Veronica is a person who did not keep her promises;

(iii)

Veronica is a person who is only interested in money;

(iv)

Veronica is a liar;

(v)

Veronica is a malicious, spiteful and/or over bearing person; and/or

(vi)

Veronica had been deceitful and she deserves eternal condemnation.

86 Dr Segar has pleaded an alternative meaning: Veronica had behaved in a
discreditable manner in not keeping her promise to him.[note: 15] However, in
his closing submissions, Mr Rai argued that the natural and ordinary meaning
to be derived from the 1st January SMS is that Veronica is a person who fails
to keep her promises and, therefore she is a liar. To that extend, Dr Segar is
really only contesting meanings (v) and (vi) as pleaded by Veronica.

Second alleged libel: the 31st March SMS to ATM

87 The 31st March SMS message to ATM which was sent after Veronica’s 31st
March Email to Marlene (see [29] above) reads as follows:

Please thank the money faced lying pariah bitch for her email to Marlene.

88 Veronica alleges the following defamatory meanings from the words “money
faced lying pariah bitch”:

(i)

Veronica is only interested in money;

(ii)

Veronica is a liar;

(iii)

Veronica is unchaste;

(iv)

Veronica is despised and/or rejected by society;

(v)

Veronica is a malicious, spiteful and/or overbearing person.

89 On Dr Segar’s part, he has proferred that the natural and ordinary meaning
of the words “money faced lying pariah bitch” is that the defendant is a liar,
and is only interested in money. Mr Rai submits that that this meaning is
consistent with the alternative meaning pleaded, _ie_. Veronica had behaved in
a discredible manner.

Third alleged libel: the 31st March SMS to Marlene

90 The SMS message to Marlene on the same date reads as follows:

I always thought your bloodsucking friend V was bad but now I know that the
real bloodsucker is you. Thank you for teaching this to me Marlene. You really
are the greatest bloodsucker in the world feeding on my corpse for 11 years
while pretending to be like a daughter to me while always stealing from me and
planning to destroy me with that lying bitch friend of yours. Congratulations
you have completed your lifelong ambition to destroy me for all the help I
have given you.

91 Veronica alleges the following defamatory meanings from the SMS to Marlene:

(i)

Veronica is an extortionist, blackmailer and/or a parasite;

(ii)

Veronica had conspired with Marlene to destroy Dr Segar;

(iii)

Veronica is a liar; and

(iv)

Veronica is a malicious, spiteful and/or overbearing person.

Dr Segar agrees with meanings (ii) and (iii) but not the other two meanings.

Fourth alleged libel: the Letter to ATM

92 This Letter was actually an undated handwritten note from Dr Segar to ATM
and it was sent together with 32 blue sapphires on 3 April 2007.[note: 16] In
the Letter, Dr Segar wrote as follows:

Dear TM,

YOUR sms to me specifically demanded the dispatch of the MADE JEWELLERY (even
the small items) and the display boxes.

Then worldwide email of the LYING MONEYFACED PARIAH BITCH clearly shows that
she expects the UNMOUNTED STONES as well (enclosed herewith). Kindly be more
clear in your requests to avoid such misunderstanding. Kindly also enquire
what else the BLOODSUCKING SWINE requires from me before she will CONFESS to
YOU about the BROKEN PROMISES made to your FATHER AND ME!

93 In their natural and ordinary meaning, Veronica’s pleaded case is that the
Letter is capable of the following meanings:

(i)

Veronica is a liar;

(ii)

Veronica is a person who is only interested in money;

(iii)

Veronica is unchaste;

(iv)

Veronica is despised and/or rejected by society;

(v)

Veronica is a malicious, spiteful and/or overbearing person;

(vi)

Veronica is an extortionist, blackmailer and/or a parasite;

(vii)

Veronica is unkind and/or unpleasant;

(viii)

Veronica had not told ATM that she failed to keep her promises made to ATM’s
father and therefore needed to “confess” to ATM; and/or

(ix)

Veronica had not told ATM that she failed to keep her promises to Dr Segar and
therefore needed to “confess” to ATM.

Dr Segar agrees to meanings (i),(vii),(viii) and (ix) but not the rest.

The alleged slander: Statement to Tore

94 Veronica has accused Dr Segar of slandering her by telling Tore, a customer
of hers, that she was not trustworthy and was a bitch. Dr Segar denies
slandering Veronica. I note that the particulars of this accusation are
sketchy to say the least and all Veronica revealed in her pleadings is that
the statement was made in Marlene’s presence during a dinner with Tore.
Veronica claims that the words uttered are defamatory as the natural and
ordinary meanings of the words are that:

(i)

Veronica is a person who cannot be trusted;

(ii)

Veronica is a person to be treated with contempt;

(iii)

Veronica is a malicious, spiteful and/or overbearing person;

(iv)

Veronica is no longer fit to be Dr Segar’s business partner and/or to do
business with others in view of the above.

First issue: Whether each of the meaning pleaded by Veronica is capable of
being conveyed by the matter complained of and whether it is capable of
defaming her

Veronica’s pleaded meanings in respect of the SMS messages and the Letter

95 I have already stated the legal principles and I adopt the same approach
when determining the meanings of the publications complained of (see [38]-[39]
above). As can be seen from the use of intemperate language, the manifest
dislike that Dr Segar entertains for Veronica may well have come from unhappy
episodes giving rise to complaints of broken promises all of which seem to
have merged towards the end of 2006 and on 1 January 2007, Dr Segar accused
Veronica of breaking her promises to him. Whilst the words “money faced” and
“pariah bitch” are vulgar abuses rather than words capable of being
defamatory, a suggestion that the defendant is a liar, malicious and
deceitfully dishonest may potentially fall on the side of defamation. The word
“bloodsucker” bears the common dictionary meaning of someone who always uses
other people’s money or help (see Longman’s Dictionary at [43] above) as was
the case here with reference to the $300,000 loan and her broken promise to
reciprocate by helping to finance his renovations.

96 One important feature here is that save for the 1st January SMS which was
sent to ATM and Marlene, the other SMS publications were on each occasion sent
to only person, namely Veronica’s husband or to her friend, Marlene. The
Letter was sent only to ATM. Whilst at law, the publication to even one person
will suffice to make out a finding of liability, with the scale of publication
affecting instead, the question of damages, the point here is quite different
in the sense that the publications were solely to persons on the side of
Veronica, and this fact will have a bearing on whether the tort is made out
given the definition of “defamatory”. Significantly, ATM and Marlene are
persons on the side of Veronica and they would not have taken (and on their
evidence confirmed that they did not take) the derogatory words seriously. As
such the words complained of would not have lowered Veronica in their
estimation.[note: 17] It follows, and I so hold, that the SMS messages and the
Letter are not defamatory of Veronica. With this finding, it is not necessary
to consider Dr Segar’s defences. The counterclaim for libel therefore fails.

Statement to Tore

97 The primary issue is whether Veronica is able to prove that Dr Segar
uttered the words pleaded. It is also necessary to consider whether any and,
if so, which of the words would have been defamatory of Veronica and in what
sense. I need also address whether any of the allegations would, if published,
be actionable without proof of special damage. The only relevant exception
would be if it could be shown that the words tended to injure Veronica in the
way of a calling, trade or profession being carried on by her at the time of
the publication. There is also the matter of the claim for special damages.

98 Veronica’s principal witness is Marlene. She says in her testimony that Dr
Segar spoke the words complained of – that Veronica was untrustworthy and was
a bitch - in the presence of Tore and herself at Tamon Restaurant. Dr Segar,
however, denies that the words were spoken on that occasion or at all. Dr
Segar called three witnesses to corroborate his evidence. Since Marlene in her
affidavit of evidence-in-chief affirmed that the words were uttered in the
presence of TT Durai, Gauksheim Kjell Goran and his wife, Gauksheim Beate
Jakobsen, all three witnesses were called by Dr Segar and they denied that the
alleged words were uttered in their presence. How reliable the evidence of
each and every one after a lapse of several years is unclear. As is well
known, the essence of any slander action is the actual words spoken. They need
to be proved with reasonable clarity. This is one of those cases where the
court is left with the impression that none of the testimony can be accepted
with unqualified confidence. After considering the conflict of evidence, and
the sketchy nature of Veronica’s plea, I am not persuaded and so hold that, on
a balance of probabilities, Dr Segar did not utter the alleged words against
Veronica. This disposes the case of slander against Dr Segar.

Damages for libel

99 The law relating to damages is well settled. The purpose is to compensate
the claimant for the damage to his reputation; to vindicate his good name and
to provide _solatium_ which takes account of the distress, hurt feelings and
humiliation which the defamatory publication has caused. The factors which
appear to me to be relevant in Dr Segar’s case against Veronica when
calculating the appropriate level of the damages are as follows:

(i) the gravity of the libels: the allegation of cheating and dishonesty is
particularly serious;

(ii) standing of Dr Segar as a professional. I do not think he qualifies as a
community figure from volunteering at Aljunied MP’s Meet the People sessions.
This activity was mentioned only in passing and there are no details of his
involvement.

(iii) the fact that the libels were repeated on three occasions, but they were
over a very short period of time, and as such the impact was short-lived;

(iv) the fact that there were no apologies and that Veronica sought
unsuccessfully to justify her statements about Dr Segar and continued to do so
in a public trial lasting many days; and

(v) the distress and injury to Dr Segar’s feelings caused by the libels.

100 At the same time, there are some compelling mitigating factors. One
mitigating factor is the small number of recipients of the emails who were his
circle of friends and acquaintances and they are less likely to take the
emails seriously. One recipient expressed disbelief and two others asked to be
taken off the email circulation list, one of them citing a private fight which
does not concern him. By the time of the second 5th April Email, the
acrimonious relationship between Dr Segar and Veronica would have been common
knowledge to the 46 recipients and that fact would have a negative impact on
the person reading the second 5th April Email. If authority for this
proposition is required, I refer to _Halsbury’s_ at para [240.245] which
states:

Where there is common knowledge that the relationship between the plaintiff
and the defendant is acrimonious, a reasonable reader would be more likely to
be sceptical about what was stated in the offending publication and to
discount what is said disparagingly of the plaintiff when he knows that the
words were said by his enemy [see _Chiam See Tong v Ling How Doong_ [1997] 1
SLR 648 at [78].

101 I have already mentioned that the impact of the publication was short-
lived. In my view, Dr Segar’s conduct served as an additional factor to
mitigate the damage. The relevance of the plaintiff’s conduct is summarised in
_Halsbury’s_ at para [240.247] as follows:

The court may consider the whole conduct of the plaintiff, before and after
the action is brought and in court during the trial. … The defendant may prove
in mitigation of damages that the plaintiff provoked the words of which he
complains by using expressions, oral or written, which reflected on the
defendant and which came to his notice before he published the words
complained of and were calculated to provoke him to do so. … The expressions
relied on to show provocation must relate to the same subject as the words
complained of, but the fact that the plaintiff’s words may have been true does
not prevent the defendant from using them in mitigation.

102 Similary, _Gatley on Libel and Slander_ (11th Ed, Sweet & Maxwell 2008) at
para 35.51 states:

The conduct of the [plaintiff] is a factor that a jury can take into account
when assessing damages, but “conduct” in this context does not encompass the
general behaviour of the [plaintiff]; it relates principally to activities
that can be casually connected to the publication of the libel of which the
[plaintiff] complains, such as direct provocation. It might exceptionally
include more broadly provocative actions by the [plaintiff].

103 Equally relevant is the dictum of Lord Hailsham LC in _Broom v Cassell &
Co_ [1972] AC 1027 at 1071 on the conduct of the plaintiff:

The bad conduct of the plaintiff himself may also enter into the matter, where
he has provoked the libel, or where perhaps he has libelled the defendant in
reply. What is awarded is thus a figure which cannot be arrived at by any
purely objective computation. This is what is meant when the damages in
defamation are described as being “at large”.

104 _Evans on Defamation_ (3rd Ed, LexisNexis, 2008) at 201 cites the decision
of _AJA Peter v OG Nio & Ors_ [1980] 1 MLJ 226 to illustrate the application
of the proposition that the plaintiff’s behaviour is a reason for awarding
lower damages. In that case, the court reduced the award from $15,000 to
$9,000 because the plaintiff’s conduct had contributed to the defamatory
remarks having been made in the first place.

105 I note and accept as accurate the sequence of events outlined by Mr Giam
and, in particular, their relevance to the question of Dr Segar’s provocative
behaviour in assessing damages. They are:

(i) SMS on 1st January 2007 to ATM and Marlene.

(ii) On 6 January 2007, unknown to Veronica, Marlene herself had some discord
with Dr Segar. She had sent an email dated 6 January 2007 to Dr Segar in which
she wrote that Dr Segar had classified Marlene’s husband, Henry, as belonging
to the same group of persons as Veronica, Marlene was unhappy with Dr Segar
over that. Months later, Marlene in her quarrels with Dr Segar decided to send
copies of the 6 January 2007 email to several persons including Veronica on 30
March 2007. It was after receipt of this email that Veronica decided to
respond to Dr Segar’s “attacks” on her. She felt that it was time to tell her
side of the story after having kept quiet for so long (see para 5 of 31st
March Email at [29] above).

(iii) Veronica replies to Marlene. Dr Segar thereafter sends SMS to ATM on
same day _ie_. 31 March 2007.

(iv) Dr Segar on same day sends another SMS to Marlene.

(v) Dr Segar on 3 April 2007 sends an undated handwritten note to ATM

(vi) Veronica on 5 April 2007 sends her email of 31 March to Dr Segar and
copied to a larger circle of friends and associates.

(vii) Veronica on 5 April 2007 sends her second email to Dr Segar and copied
to the same number of friends and associates.

106 On the particular facts of this case, the provocative behaviour of Dr
Segar is capable of having a bearing upon the damages to which he might become
entitled, and is both relevant and admissible. Dr Segar fired his first salvo
of abusive attack on Veronica on 1 January 2007. The SMS also contained
damnation of Veronica for the New Year. The attacks on Veronica restarted on
31 March 2007 immediately after the 31st March Email to Marlene – Dr Segar
sent one SMS to ATM and another to Marlene. The undated handwritten note was
sent on 3 April 2007 before the two emails sent on 5 April 2007. Again the
Letter contained intemperate language. I am satisfied that his conduct and the
intemperate language of Dr Segar were causally connected to Veronica’s emails.
She said in cross-examination:[note: 18]

Q: … Ms Veron, would you accept it from me that in writing these three emails,
what you wanted to do was to discredit Dr Segar. Is that correct?

A: I disagree. Earlier on you have read many passages which I have said:

[Reads] “People has (_sic_) come forward to ask me on my side of the story.”
So I believe that I should stand up and tell my side of the story. I was
provoked very much, especially after receiving money “Money lying bitch,
blood-sucking swine, pariah bitch, bloodsuckers” I couldn’t take it anymore.

I accept her evidence in cross-examination that the 31st March Email was due
to Dr Segar’s 1st January SMS.[note: 19] It is clear from her second 5th April
Email that she was fed up and angry with Dr Segar for calling her a “Money
Faced Lying Pariah Bitch” in his SMS to ATM and she went on to chide him for
“passing [such] messages through others”.

107 I note that Mr Rai has asked that Dr Segar be awarded damages exceeding
$250,000. In his submissions, Mr Rai argues that _Arul Chandran v Chew Chin
Aik Victor JP_ [2000] SGHC 111 (HC); [2001] 1 SLR(R) 86 (CA)(“ _Arul
Chandran”_) pales in its significance relative to the defamatory remarks,
aggravation and malice present in Dr Segar’s case.[note: 20] In that case, the
plaintiff was awarded $100,000 as damages and $50,000 as aggravated damages.
In response, Mr Giam argues that damages should be within the range of $20,000
to $80,000 given “the limited publication and the frivolity of the dispute”.
In his view, the lower end of the range “would probably be the more
appropriate sum to be awarded”.[note: 21]

108 I agree with Mr Rai that Veronica was reckless in making the statements
that suggested that Dr Segar committed forgery to cheat his brother. On that
count, there was a reckless disregard of the truth. As for the rest of the
libel that referred Dr Segar to as a con artist, and hence, dishonest, I also
reached the same conclusion on the question of Veronica’s recklessness. I
agree with the observations of Yong Pun How CJ in _Maidstone Pte Ltd v
Takenaka Corp_ [1992] 1 SLR (R) 752 where he states (at [50])

A defendant is not reckless, for the purposes of proving malice, if he did so
believing it was true, even if he was careless, impulsive or irrational in
coming to that belief. The law does not require him to be logical. In order
for him to be held to be reckless, he must be shown to have not cared or
considered if the statement was true.

For the same reasons, subsequent publications in the second 5th April Email
that Veronica was conned would be ground for aggravated damages.

109 Cases like _Au Mun Chew (practising as Au & Associates) v Lim Ban Lee_
[1997] 1 SLR(R) 220 and _Yeap Beng San Louis v Choo Pit Hong Peter_ [1999] 1
SLR(R) 397 (“ _Louis Yeap”_) demonstrate that damages awarded to a plaintiff
who is not a community or public figure generally do not exceed $45,000. Mr
Giam referred to the lower end of the range of awards at $20,000 as gathered
from cases like _Chen Cheng and another v Central Christian Church and other
appeals_ [1998] 3 SLR(R) 236 ($20,000 & $30,000), and _TJ System (S) Pte Ltd
and Others v Ngow Kheong Shen (No 2)_ [2003] SGHC 217 ($30,000, $25,000 and
$20,000). In these cases, the mitigating factors, however, were not as many
and as significant as the ones in the present case.

110 Cases of _Arul Chandran_ and _Yeo Nai Meng v_ E _i-Nets Ltd and Another_
[2004] 1 SLR(R) 73 (HC) and [2004] 1 SLR(R) 153 (CA)(“ _Ei-Nets Ltd_ ”) are
not comparables given the nature of the defamation and the number of
aggravating factors. The plaintiff in _Arul Chandran_ was a practising lawyer
of more than 30 years and at the time of the publication, he held the position
of vice-president of a well-know prestigious social club, The Tanglin Club.
The defamatory remarks were contained in a newspaper report and two letters
referring to the plaintiff as “a vicious and most dangerous fraud”.
Compensatory damages were given for the plaintiff’s hurt feelings and
reduction in his standing before his social peers in the Tanglin Club’s
General Committee.

111 In _Ei-Nets Ltd_ , the Court of Appeal noted that although the plaintiff
was not a leading public figure, he was, nevertheless, a man of business and
has held positions of responsibility in public and private organisations.
Furthermore, the Court of Appeal noted that the award of $80,000 was on the
high side but it was not so high as to warrant the intervention of the court.
The nature of defamation in that case were two reports that were circulated to
the Audit Committee and the Board of Directors of Ei-Nets Ltd suggesting that
the plaintiff was guilty of fraudulent misconduct. In the reports, the
plaintiff was painted as a dishonest person who had conspired to make
fictitious journal entries in the company’s books with a view to
misappropriating funds. The sting was greater because the reports were
purported to be considered opinions of a senior lawyer and a senior
accountant.

112 In the circumstances of this case, it seems to me that the most important
factor in arriving at an assessment of the appropriate compensation is that of
the impact on Dr Segar’s feelings and the distress caused. There was probably
a sense of injustice and indeed genuine outrage on his part. As to
vindication, this factor is less important in a situation where there has been
only limited publication. Furthermore, although there is no tangible evidence
of any actual diminution in Dr Segar’s reputation, some damage is presumed to
his social reputation rather than his competence and skill as a doctor.
Veronica’s emails did not impinge on Dr Segar’s professional capabilities. The
contents of her emails discussed Dr Segar’s behaviour towards her as a friend
and business partner, not in anyway his professional capacity as a doctor. I
have already held that the emails did not defame Dr Segar in his professional
capacity. Nonetheless, Veronica was unyielding, unapologetic and had acted
unreasonably in spreading their private tiff to other persons who had no
interest in the quarrel. The erstwhile storm in a teacup between Dr Segar and
Veronica developed into a bigger dimension because emotions ran high and out
of hand and it also involved Marlene. Dr Segar in his 31st March SMS to
Marlene had accused her of planning with Veronica to destroy him. But
fortunately for Veronica, damages are less than modest because of the limited
publications and they were in all probability disbelieved as the ranting of an
irate and aggrieved person. She also did not seek to justify or prolong the
charge of forgery to cheat Dr Segar’s brother.

113 Bearing in mind my comments in [112] and having regard to both the gravity
of the allegation (the sting in the emails is substantially the same, namely
dishonesty), limited aggravating factors, limited scale of publication, and
the impact of the defamation in light of the acrimonious relationship between
Dr Segar and Veronica, the right starting figure (there being, in my view, no
comparable cases where the tort of defamation attacks the social reputation of
the plaintiff) for a single award would be in the order of $15,000. Certainly,
Dr Segar’s provocative behaviour was, and I so find, casually connected to the
libels sued upon and as such damages should be significantly less. In my
judgment, Dr Segar should receive a reduction in damages as well. Doing the
best that I can to reflect the various factors which I have mentioned, I come
to the conclusion that the total sum I award in damages is $10,000 in respect
of the emails where the defence of justification failed.

Veronica’s counterclaim for $209,137.44

114 Veronica’s pleaded case is that during the period 2002 to 2006, she had
from time to time, at Dr Segar’s request, disbursed numerous sums of money to
him and to third parties on his behalf. The sums in question are (a) a total
sum of $168,911.00 to Dr Segar, and (b) a total sum of $204,407.90 to third
parties on Dr Segar’s behalf. In addition, there were two other payments of
$31,884 and $84,000. After deducting $258,872.13 for the loan from Dr Segar,
Veronica seeks recovery of $230,330.77 ($489,202.90-$258,872.13). However, in
closing submissions, the claim amount is now $209,137.44, a breakdown of which
is follows:

(a) Post-dated cheques to Dr Segar |  $31,884.00  
---|---  
(b) Monthly payments to Segar Medical Services Pte Ltd |  $84,000.00  
(c) Payment made to third parties on behalf of Dr Segar |  $203,778.57  
(d) Payment made direct to Dr Segar |  _$148,347.00_  
Total Less loan from Dr Segar Amount claimed |  $468,009.57 (_$258,872.13)_ _$209,137.44_  
  
  

115 At closing submissions, Dr Segar concedes that he had received a total sum
of $309,579.58 from Veronica.[note: 22] This figure of $309,579.58 comes from
Dr Segar’s acceptance of certain items in Annex C to Veronica’s second
affidavit of evidence-in-chief.[note: 23] Mr Rai submits that after deducting
the loan of $300,000, the counterclaim should be only for the sum of
$9,579.58.

116 Dr Segar therefore challenges the balance claim of $158,429.99
($468,009.57-$309,579.58). In doing so, Dr Segar has taken issue with broadly
three lots of payments: (a) the sum of $84,000 which he maintains was for
consultancy services rendered to Skatool Industries and Skatool Marine, and as
such were not repayments towards the loan; (b) the 24 post-dated cheques
totalling $31,884 were for interest which Veronica had agreed to bear; and (c)
the sum of $42,545.99 being alleged payments to third parties on Dr Segar’s
behalf and to Dr Segar himself. Mr Rai’s explanation for rejecting $42,545.99
is found in paras 221 to 225 of his closing submissions. I have noted that
paras 221 to 225 do not cover all 15 disputed items. Except for the legal fees
of $3,640.66 to Arthur Loke Bernard Rada & Lee which Veronica must bear since
it was a payment which she had accepted albeit, she now says,
grudgingly,[note: 24] for the rest of the 14 disputed items,[note: 25] Mr Giam
has in paras 306-325 of his closing submissions substantiated the payments in
the light of Veronica’s evidence (which I accept) and the supporting documents
in evidence. I have noted that, at least two disputed items, namely SN 44 and
SN 55, were recognised as payments towards the loan in the report of Dr
Segar’s expert witness, Mr Aw Eng Hai, but now curiously challenged by Dr
Segar in closing submissions. This challenge is contrary to Dr Segar’s
testimony which Mr Rai confirmed at the trial: in the witness box, Dr Segar
accepted SN 44 as payment made on his behalf;[note: 26] Mr Rai confirmed this
position at the trial. [note: 27] Accordingly, I find that $38,905.33 is due
from Dr Segar to Veronica in respect of payments made by Veronica to (a) third
party on Dr Segar’s behalf ($15,234.33) and (b) to Dr Segar ($23,671).

Post-dated cheques totalling $31,884.00

117 I now come to the interest payments. Of the 24 post-dated cheques, 12 were
for the sum of $1,241 each and they were issued for the period 1 May 2003 to 1
April 2004. The other 12 post-dated cheques were for the sum of $1,416 each
for the period 8 May 2004 to 8 April 2005. The first batch of 12 post-dated
cheques was handed over around May 2003, and the second lot was handed over
around May 2004.

118 In my view, the absence of documentary evidence to show interest payments
to Dr Segar’s bank is not the issue. On the evidence before me, I am not
persuaded that Veronica did not know what the 24 posted-dated cheques were for
and she had merely followed Dr Segar’s instructions in issuing the post-dated
cheques. Veronica’s denial that she was not told to pay interest on the loan
was unbelievable bearing in mind her grouses in the 31st March Email. First,
at paras [10], she said she paid interest that was above “OD rates” and
second, at [29], she wrote:

He got a much cheaper borrowing rates of about from the bank (the rates were
really low 2 years ago) but charged me 300K OD rates right from the start to
the end. I was paying him 300K OD rates even when I had repaid all but 50K.
Because he said he was tight with money.

119 In the circumstances, I accept Dr Segar’s evidence and reject Veronica’s
denials as his was the more probable version especially in light of her own
assertions in the 31st March Email that she was made to bear and did pay
interest. Another of Veronica’s undated email (accepted by the parties to have
been written around mid 2005 after their Australian trip (“2005 Email”)) is
similarly telling. She wrote on two points: interest and her loan
repayment:**[note: 28]**

…

A big THANK YOU for your FREE PUBILICY for broadcasting to the world that I
borrowed 300K from you and I am now turning my back on you now that the loan
is repaid back!

…

If I wanted to run I would have run when I had the 300K. Not after returning
you!

…

If I wanted to cheat: fight and leave with the money! Why bother with the
repayments?

Maybe I should have done a Rudy Kohl on you, at least I would have the money
in my pocket, Not to forget, I paid back with more than enough bank interest
rates, consultancy, holidays. All adding up to almost 500K.

…

120 Finally, Mr Giam made the point that no more interest was paid or asked
for after 8 April 2004. That is not surprising as Veronica had in cross-
examination confirmed that she had repaid the loan before June 2005.**[note:
29]** In the circumstances, I find and so hold that the 24 post-dated cheques
were for interest which she must bear. Her claim for refund of the interest
payments fails.

Consultancy fees totalling $84,000

121 I now come to the monthly payment of $6,000 for over a period of 14 months
from May 2003 to June 2004. According to Dr Segar, it was agreed that Veronica
would discharge her loan obligations by paying Dr Segar’s contractors and/or
as instructed by Dr Segar to third parties including Dr Segar himself. The
consultancy payments were to resume after his renovations. Indeed, the monthly
payment of $6,000 stopped about June 2004 when renovations to Dr Segar’s
property at East Coast Road started. Mr Rai made two points. First, none of
the payments for consultancy were made by Veronica as all the cheques were
issued by Skatool Industries. If anything, the right of action did not belong
to Veronica, and her claim for this reason must fail. Second, the money was
for services rendered by Dr Segar as a consultant.

122 In the 31st March Email, Veronica said she gave the money for free for
over a year to tie him over his financial problems (see [29] above). At the
trial, she took the position that the monthly payment of $6,000 was towards
repayment of Dr Segar’s loan which, in my view, was for $300,000 and not
$258,872.13. If her stance at the trial is true, then her statement that
$6,000 was for free to help Dr Segar tie over his financial problems was
untrue. Mr Rai noted that she had in her earlier 2005 Email referred to
payment of consultancy to Dr Segar. She wrote:

I paid back with more than enough bank interest rates, consultancy, holidays.
All adding up to almost 500K.

123 Therefore, before battle lines were drawn in this action, she had admitted
to payment to Dr Segar for consultancy. This is a valid point but I have
difficulties accepting that Dr Segar who is a medical doctor would be paid for
the unprofessional management consultancy services. Dr Segar’s ability to
provide paid such consultancy services was doubtful. He had neither the
expertise nor experience as a management and business consultant. Notably, his
description of the consultancy services rendered was sketchy and lacking in
details. Furthermore, the nature of the services described by Dr Segar were
disparate and ad hoc (see [11] above) and, on any reasonable view, could not
possibly have warranted regular monthly payments spreading over a period of 14
months from May 2003 to June 2004.

124 Although Skatool Industries’ name appears in the documentation (_eg_ the
payment vouchers[note: 30]), that of itself was not a sufficient reason to
infer that that Skatool Industries paid Dr Segar for consultancy services
actually rendered to the company. In my view, the payment vouchers from
Skatool Industries were made out as they were to support the charade of a
consultancy agreed by ATM and Veronica with Dr Segar who used Segar Medical
Services to invoice Skatool Industries. In order for Dr Segar to show Hong
Leong Finance that he had a steady stream of income from his medical practice
to support his loan, ATM and Veronica used Skatool Industries’ letterhead to
confirm Dr Segar’s appointment as consultant for $6,000 per month. At the
material time that was the private arrangement between three close friends.
Veronica and her husband were indebted to Dr Segar for his loan to them to
complete the purchase of the Tuas factory and they were willing to help out
their friend.[note: 31] Mr Rai’s argument – that Veronica’s version of the
evidence is not true because it made no sense for Segar Medical Services to
invoice Skatool Industries and to pay tax on repayment of a personal loan to
Dr Segar – is neither here nor there. That could well be the unintended
consequences of the charade but it did not alter the fact that there was, and
I so find, such a charade. If there is anything to Mr Rai’s point, my
impression is that as Hong Leong Finance would want to see evidence of ability
to repay a higher loan and since Dr Segar was able to take $205,180.89 as a
result of the higher loan amount, this fact would outweigh the tax on the
$6,000 per month.

125 I accepted Veronica’s testimony that all three were very close friends and
she and her husband would naturally talk about their business problems with Dr
Segar and suggestions and ideas would come up in the course of conversations.
As Dr Segar admitted, he has no experience in Veronica’s business and had
never been to China. In my view, whatever assistance Dr Segar gave, it was
given as a close friend. In the same way, I accept Veronica and her husband’s
testimony that the two letters to Hong Leong Finance dated 8 August 2003 and 9
June 2005 respectively confirming Dr Segar as a consultant and earning $6,000
per month in consultancy fees were written to assist a close friend who had a
facility with the finance company and Dr Segar wanted his friends to provide
comfort letters to the finance company that he had sufficient income from his
medical practice to service his monthly instalments.**[note: 32]** It was not
disputed that the text of the two letters to Hong Leong Finance were drafted
by Dr Segar, and that the second letter to Hong Leong Finance was in 2005
after the monthly payment of $6,000 had stopped. This was one of the points I
took on board in reaching my conclusion that the payment of $6,000 was not for
consultancy. Furthermore, the timing of the monthly payment of $6,000 could
not have been coincidental. It started in May 2003, the month immediately
after the Hong Leong Finance loan to Dr Segar was disbursed on 11 April
2003.**[note: 33]** I have already commented on the nature of the consultancy
services from an unqualified person like Dr Segar which was more consistent
with ad hoc assistance rendered by a good friend to another.

126 It was not unreasonable to expect Veronica and her husband to look up to
Dr Segar who was 12 years older than Veronica. He was a professional man and
was certainly more educated and presumably wiser than the couple. He spoke and
wrote better English than the couple. He was also sociable. It was not
surprising that he attended the dinner at the restaurant, Just Steak, with
Veronica and ATM whose guests were visitors from Norway.

127 There is one related point that equally cast doubt on Dr Segar’s case. The
evidence does not support Dr Segar’s contention that the consultancy payment
stopped so that Veronica could discharge her loan obligations by paying for
his renovations. It cannot be disputed that Veronica made payments to Dr
Segar’s architects on 14 August 2003 ($7,161.58) and to Dr Segar direct on 24
September 2003($8,000).**[note: 34]** These payments were made during the
periods of the post-dated cheques and monthly payment of $6,000.

128 In summary, on the evidence before me, I find that the total sum of
$84,000 paid by June 2004 was towards repayment of the $300,000 loan.

Conclusions on Suit 310

129 Dr Segar succeeds in his claim for libel and is awarded $10,000 in damages
with costs. On Veronica’s counterclaim:

(i) Veronica’s claim for libel and slander is dismissed. (ii) Dr Segar is to
pay Veronica the sum of $132,484.91 together with interest thereon at the rate
of 5.33% pa from the date of the writ to judgment. The sum of $132,484.91 is
computed as follows:  
---  
|  $ |  $  
Payments by Veronica to/ on behalf of Dr Segar |  |  468,009.57  
Less : Loan repayment |  300,000.00 |   
Interest |  31,884.00 |   
Legal fees |  3,640.66 |   
|  \-------------- |  _335,524.66_  
|  |  _132,484.91_  
(iii) Veronica is entitled to 50% of the costs of the counterclaim.  
  
  

_SUIT 562: THE PARTNERSHIP DISPUTE_

Overview

130 This action is brought by Veronica against Dr Segar in respect of the
jewellery business. The dispute is not about whether or not there is a
partnership in the first place. There is also no dispute as to the nature of
the partnership. Both agree that they were to be equal “equity” partners. The
substance of the affidavit evidence shows this arrangement. In short, the
parties were supposed to be equal partners as to income and as to capital. The
core issue before me is the question of who owes what to whom on dissolution
of the partnership.

131 Suit 562 is not just for the dissolution of the informal partnership.
There is some dispute as to when the partnership came to an end. Dr Segar
claims that the partnership ended in May 2005 when he closed all the bank
accounts, and in February 2006, Veronica had agreed to Dr Segar keeping the
unsold stock-in -trade.

132 In contrast, Veronica said her last contribution to the business was on 20
December 2005 when she purchased a safe for the jewellery. [note: 35] It was
around July or August 2006 that she informed Dr Segar that she no longer
wished to invest in the business. She was not clear as to when the business
ceased because in September 2006 she had asked Dr Segar for the jewellery and
gemstones to show a prospective buyer. Not long after, on 12 September 2006,
Dr Segar without explanation sent by local courier to Veronica several empty
jewellery boxes and 25 items of jewellery. She rejects Dr Segar’s assertion
that she had agreed to let him have the unsold stock of jewellery and
gemstones. On the evidence, the business relationship would have ceased
completely when the friendship truly ended. It is obvious from Dr Segar’s
refusal to accept ATM’s handshake in greetings that his friendship with
Veronica and ATM must surely have ended by 31 December 2006. I would, take 31
December 2006 as the date of cessation of the partnership.

133 Nothing turns on whether it was Dr Segar or Veronica who initiated the
business. I note that despite Dr Segar’s denial that he was part of “Sparkle
from Belgium”, he nevertheless recorded the registration fees of the business
name “Sparkle from Belgium” as an expense of the business in a single entry
ledger sheet. On any view, the parties were to work as partners once the
business name, “Sparkle from Belgium”, was registered in Veronica’s name as
sole-proprietor and the trademark “Sparkle” registered in Dr Segar’s name.
More importantly, Dr Segar admits that the jewellery and gemstones were kept
at his clinic, and he also accepts that he was responsible for maintaining the
accounting records of the partnership. On the accounting side, the better view
(and I so hold) is that the accounting would not only take into account income
earned and expenses incurred from the date of commencement of business, it
should also take into account any start-up expenses incurred before that date.

134 Quite clearly the parties did not pool an equal amount of money together
to start the business. Each party simply paid for expenses properly
attributable to the business as and when they arose. In other words,
contributions to the business were made on an _ad hoc_ basis by either
Veronica or Dr Segar. No attempt was made by either party to equalise or
square off the financial contributions of the parties during the existence of
the business.

135 Even though the recording of the income and expenditure of the business
was to be done by Dr Segar, they were scant. He admits to maintaining a single
entry ledger sheets, but along the way, he found maintaining such records too
troublesome, and with Veronica’s agreement, discontinued manual recording in
favour of bank statements as a substitute for the single entry ledger sheets.
The idea was that moneys from that bank account would be used to pay for
purchases, and proceeds from sales would also be deposited into the same
account, and the bank statements could operate as a substitute for the single
entry ledger sheets as each transaction would be reflected in the bank
statements. At the trial, Mr Rai confirmed Dr Segar’s evidence that the OCBC
bank account was opened for the purpose of replacing the single entry ledger
sheets. Furthermore, Dr Segar maintains that as Veronica was an authorised
signatory of all the bank accounts of the business, she did or would have
perused the monthly bank statements as and when they were received for
information on the business. The excuse for not maintaining accounting records
could not, on the evidence, stand up to scrutiny. First, the OCBC bank account
was opened _before_ Dr Segar decided to do away with keeping books and records
and to use the bank statements only. Second, Dr Segar himself ( and I would
add curiously) did not adhere to new arrangement in that a substantial amount
of expenses, which he had attributed to the partnership, were apparently not
through the partnership bank accounts but his own.

136 According to Veronica, she started contributing financially to the
business from May 2002. However, other than contributing towards the expenses
of the business, procuring her friends to buy the jewellery and accompanying
Dr Segar to purchase the gemstones, Veronica said that she played a very
passive role in the business. The conduct of the jewellery business was left
to Dr Segar who was someone she trusted. Moreover, unlike Veronica, Dr Segar
had the right contacts for the supplies of gemstones and was knowledgeable
about jewellery and gemstones. Veronica claims that she was not updated on the
financial aspect of the business at all. While she had contributed to the
expenses of the business, she was neither told of the total costs involved nor
of the sale proceeds. She merely contributed financially to the business as
and when Dr Segar requested that she do so. All she had in relation to the
finances of the business were handwritten single entry ledger sheets prepared
by Dr Segar for the period May 2002 to around July 2003. At various times, the
bank accounts were opened for the purposes of the business. Veronica asserted
that it was agreed between them that Dr Segar would operate these accounts. At
all material times, the bank statements for those accounts were sent to Dr
Segar’s clinic, and Veronica did not receive any bank statements from him. She
had no knowledge of all the deposits or withdrawals for the business. However,
by her estimation, she had invested around $500,000 into the business.[note:
36] Dr Segar is relying on Mr Aw’s report to show his contributions to the
business, and for the moneys taken out from the bank accounts of the jewellery
business to pay for expenses in the other businesses.

137 Veronica (by her statement of claim) and Dr Segar (by the counterclaim)
seek the taking of accounts. I begin with para 3 of the Statement of Claim
(Amendment No 1). It states as follows:

3.1 The plaintiff’s and the defendant’s respective financial contributions to
the business;

3.2 All sales and purchases made by the defendant for the business;

3.3 All banking transactions made by the defendant in relation to the
following bank accounts opened by the plaintiff and the defendant for the
business:

3.3.1 OCBC Account No. 512-XXXXXX-XXX

3.3.2 DBS Account No. 027-XXXXXX-X; and

3.3.3 DBS Account (US Dollar) No. 0027-XXXXXX-XX-X-XXX

3.4 All remaining gemstones and/or jewellery that have not been sold.]

138 Dr Segar’s counterclaim is for the following reliefs:

(i) an account of 32 blue sapphires and the precious stones/jewellery set out
in Schedule A of the defendant’s Defence & Counterclaim (Amendment No. 1)
which the defendant claims are in the possession of the plaintiff;

(ii) a declaration that the defendant is entitled to a 50% share in the value
of the 32 blue sapphires and the precious stones/jewellery identified in
Schedule A;

(iii) an order that the plaintiff pays to the defendant all the sums found to
be due and owing from the plaintiff and the defendant pursuant to the account
and declaration sought under the previous two prayers;

(iv) damages; and

(v) interests.

Comments on Aw Eng Hai’s report

139 It is evident from the affidavit of Mr Aw that proper books and records of
the venture between Veronica and Dr Segar were not properly kept and
maintained and no accounts were prepared by the partnership. But for the
exercise by Mr Aw to determine the state of affairs of the partnership,
nothing has been done.

140 Nowhere in Mr Aw’s report was there stated the date in which the jewellery
business commenced and when it ended. It is anyone’s guess how long the
business was in operation and the reader is left to decipher from the bank
statements as to when the business commenced and ceased.

141 It is crucial and important for any business (and this includes the
jewellery business) that proper books and records be kept and properly
maintained not only for the purposes of the day to day running of the business
but as a basis for the preparation of accounts in order to ascertain the
performance of the business and in the case of a partnership to report to the
respective partners of their venture. In addition, under the Income Tax Act
(Cap 134, 2008 Rev Ed), any person who carries on a trade, business or
profession is required to keep proper accounting records, invoices, receipts
to enable the person’s income and allowable deductions to be readily
determined by the Comptroller of Income Tax.

142 In this connection, the responsibility of keeping proper books and records
detailing the transactions of the businesses that the partnership ventured
into lay primarily with Dr Segar, and he admits to this. He not only
controlled the bank accounts, he was in charge of the running of the
partnership’s substantial business, namely, the jewellery operations.

143 It is interesting to note that in the case of Segar Medical Services, Dr
Segar was conscientious and meticulous in preparing invoices with details
clearly set out such as for example the monthly billings to Skatool Industries
for consultancy services. He had Mrs Tan (nee Lek Puay Lan), an account clerk
to assist in the accounts of the medical practice. Yet, in the jewellery
business, there were no sales invoices issued for the jewellery business
throughout the period and there were very few purchase invoices and receipts
kept. Initially, a record of sales was kept from 5 July 2002 but this stopped
in October 2002. The payee of many cheques issued out of the joint accounts
was to Cash, with no details as to who they were for.

144 After preparing the accounts of the partnership under Appendix G, Mr Aw in
para 31 of his report sets out a summary of the income statement of the
partnership showing a loss of $826,372.04. The loss can be attributed to four
ventures entered into by the partnership at various points in time and are set
out below:

Jewellery Scrap Steel Pitta Hut Pte Ltd Computer |  $594,569.61 $ 79,619.92 $ 51,000.00 $_101,182.51_  
---|---  
|  $_826,372.04_  
  
  

145 The jewellery operations were the initial business venture and it remains
the major business of the partnership until the breakdown of the relationship
between the partners. The other businesses were brief attempts to venture into
other areas of business but all ended up in losses. Veronica accepts her
participation in the steel scrap and computer ventures but disavows any
involvement in (a) the Mediterranean fast food business which saw the
incorporation of Pitta Hut, and (b) Sachris, an Australian seafood business. A
sum of US$30,000 was withdrawn from the partnership’s US Dollar account with
the DBS Bank for Pitta Hut and Sachris. On the evidence before me, I prefer
the evidence of Veronica and ATM as the documents bear out their story, and I
find in Veronica’s favour. Accordingly, the sum of US$30,000 has to be brought
to account as a partnership asset.

146 I find Mr Aw’s presentation of the income statement for the jewellery
business in Appendix G unhelpful. It is unsatisfactory as it obscures the true
picture of the results. I have therefore set out his figures in a more
meaningful revised presentation below. In order to do so, certain identifiable
expenses such as travelling expenses were separated and classified separately.

Jewellery Business |  |  |   
---|---|---|---  
|  _$_ |  _$_ |  _$_  
Sales |  |  |  161,407.00  
Cost of Sales (a) |  |  |   
OCBC S$ joint account (Sch S3) |  |  191,411.83 |   
Less travel expenses |  |  1,522.00 \------------- |   
|  |  189,889.83 |   
DBS S$ joint account (Sch S3) |  |  90,754.55 |   
DBS US$ joint account (Sch S3) |  |  12,447.96 \------------- |   
|  |  293,092.34 |   
Payments by Veronica directly (Sch S4) |  182,965.70 |   
Payments by Segar directly (Sch S5)  |  416,961.22 |  |   
Less travel expenses |  32,433.76 \------------- |  384,527.46 \-------------- |   
|  |  860,585.50 |   
Less closing inventory(valuation) |  |  138,765.00 \-------------- |  721,820.50  
Gross Loss |  |  |  560,413.50  
Other expenses |  |  |   
Travel expenses - OCBC S$ joint account (Sch S3) |  1,522.00 |   
\- Payment by Segar directly (Sch S5)  |  32,433.76 \------------ |  33,955.76  
Loss |  |  |  594,369.26  
Interest income |  |  |  92.89  
Bank charges |  |  |  293.24  
Net Loss |  |  |  _594,569.61_  
  
  

(a) This would represent the direct cost of jewellery such as the cost of the
precious stones, workmanship and packaging.

147 As can be gleaned from the revised presentation of the income statement of
the jewellery business, the jewellery operations expended about $721,820.50
under cost of sales which represent the cost of gemstones, workmanship and
packaging but generated sales of only $161,407, resulting in a gross loss of
$560,413.50.

148 When one bears in mind the commercial practice that businesses do mark-up
on their direct costs of sales to give a gross profit so as to cover other
expenses such as travelling, salaries and other indirect expense to finally
result in a net profit, the fact that the jewellery business has such a large
gross loss is significant. In the case of the jewellery business, 100% mark-
ups are not unheard of. In fact, according to Veronica, she was informed by Dr
Segar that marks-ups on jewellery could be 300% and as high as 1,000% for big
gemstones.[note: 37] Therefore, it is indeed very surprising that there should
be a gross loss in the first instance. The other thing to note here is that no
business person would make a product where the sale of it would not even cover
the cost of making that product let alone recovering other expenses.

149 It is interesting to note that on a review of the $416,961.22 expenses
paid by Dr Segar on behalf of the partnership’s jewellery business in Schedule
S5 of Appendix G, there were payments amounting to $307,495.21 (made up of
$207,140.90 to Moshe Peleg and $100,354.31 to Ceylinco). While there were
other jewellery suppliers listed in Schedule S5, the above payments were for
gemstones purchased from the partnership’s major jewellery suppliers. It is
therefore puzzling that sales of the jewellery business were dismal at just
$161,407. If sales were indeed bad, then one would reasonably expect closing
inventory to be large but this was not the case here as closing inventory
amounted to $138,785.

150 On any reasonable view, if the closing inventory of $138,785 was deducted
from the above cost of $307,495.21, it would mean that $168,730.21 worth of
gemstones and jewellery were expended to garner sales of $161,407. It would
appear to be a ludicrous situation as it would mean that discounts instead of
mark-ups were given to sell the jewellery. In addition, other costs such as
workmanship were not recovered.

151 There can be a number of reasons for the anomaly. First, jewellery sales
made by the business were not properly accounted for and recorded. Second,
remaining stocks of gemstones and jewellery are in fact more than the closing
valuation of $138,765 and have not been fully accounted for. Third, expenses
that are included are not attributable to the jewellery business. It is
difficult to identify the actual cause of the gross loss since proper books
and records of the transactions, receipts and stocks were not properly kept
and maintained. There was no independent verification of the figures as Mr Aw
did not carry out an audit in preparing the income statement of the
partnership for the report but had relied on instructions and explanation of
Dr Segar which is totally unsatisfactory, and, hence, unreliable. In fact, the
report raises more questions than provides answers. First, Mr Aw admits that
he was to a very large extent dependent of the instructions of Dr Segar.[note:
38] Where supporting documents were not available, Mr Aw merely adjusted the
accounts according to Dr Segar’s instructions. The reliability and evidential
value of Mr Aw’s report is immediately undermined. Second, Mr Aw’s report is
not comprehensive. Veronica had averred that some of the expenses she had paid
on behalf of the business but were not captured in Mr Aw’s report.[note: 39]
Third, even where supporting documents were available, some were insufficient
to support the payment for which they were supposed to prove.

152 Mr Aw relied heavily on the single entry ledger sheets to ascertain the
respective financial contributions of the parties. However, the single entry
ledger sheets were not reliable as they were incomplete. Photocopies of the
single entry ledger sheets were produced. There were no originals as Dr Segar
claimed that they were discarded. His testimony on the single entry ledger
sheets is as follows: (a) he threw away all original handwritten single entry
ledger sheets after he gave Veronica copies; (b) he does not have any source
documents like invoices and receipts; and (c) he rewrote the single entry
ledger sheet pertaining to his contributions because the original was soiled
and in rewriting the single entry ledger sheet added additional entries of his
contributions. Throughout the business relationship, Dr Segar provided
Veronica with one photocopied set of single entry ledger sheets around October
2002. They showed Veronica’s contributions from 27 April 2002 to October 2002;
Sparkle’s Sales from 5 July 2002 to 11 October 2002; Stracom Technology’s
Sales dated October 2002 and Dr Segar’s contributions from 6 June 2002 to 9
October 2002.[note: 40] A second set of photocopied single entry ledger sheets
was provided later around July 2003. They showed changes in Veronica’s
contributions.[note: 41] During discovery, Dr Segar disclosed a further set of
handwritten single entry ledger sheets: Veronica’s contributions from 27 April
2002 to July 2003 (same as the one received in July 2003); and Dr Segar’s
contributions from 6 June 2002 to 11 November 2003.[note: 42] Dr Segar’s list
of contributions had gone up, and Mr Giam questioned whether Dr Segar had
buttressed his contributions by attributing more contributions to his name.
Certainly, the single entry ledger sheets do not qualify as accounts as there
are no supporting documents for the entries. The bank statements do not
reflect the monetary contributions of the parties towards the business: the
parties had made ad hoc payments which were not reflected in the bank
statements. One related point is Dr Segar’s argument that Veronica would be
able to match the relevant transactions to the entries in the bank statements
and that she had access to the bank statements in the past. I do not think
that Dr Segar would have complied with his obligation to provide an account of
all transactions relating to the business merely by making the bank statements
accessible to Veronica. For the reasons stated, I do not agree with Dr Segar
that Veronica had been given an account of the parties’ contributions and of
the business by way of the single entry ledger sheets, the bank statements and
Mr Aw’s report.

153 I now comment on the Capital Account – Contributions in Mr Aw’s report. In
para 32 of the report, Mr Aw sets out the capital accounts of the respective
partners showing the contributions made by each of the partners. Accordingly,
Dr Segar was credited to have contributed $1,188,433,77 to the partnership
while Veronica contributed $389,072.72. In the case of Dr Segar’s capital
account, $606,843.45 was repaid out of the joint accounts to Dr Segar as
reimbursement of payments that Dr Segar made on behalf of the partnership.
There were repayments amounting to $5,526 to Veronica.

|  $ |  $  
---|---|---  
Deposits into joint accounts |  |  692,940.77(a)  
Payment of expenses directly |  |   
Jewellery business |  416,961.22 |   
Scrap metal business |  60,000.00 |   
Computer |  18,531.78 |   
|  \------------- |  _495,493.00_  
|  |  _1,188,433.77_  
  
  

(a) There is a difference of $1,911.25 between the above figured and the
figure of $691,029.52 in Sch. S7 of Appendix G.

154 However, a closer examination of the figures of Dr Segar’s contributions
in Appendix G to the report reveals a different picture. Included in deposits
into the joint account of the partnership by Dr Segar is an amount of
$469,449.52 deposited on 12 April 2003 that does not relate to the jewellery
business although it was analysed as such in Appendix G. It is actually the
loan proceeds disbursed to Dr Segar. Around the same date, $464,055.02 was
withdrawn from the joint account, this being made up of the $258,872.13 to
Veronica and $205,180.89 withdrawn by Dr Segar himself.

155 To give a truer picture of the partnership’s jewellery business as
presented by Mr Aw, the figure of $464,055.02 should be removed from both the
deposits and payments side of the joint account. This means that actual
deposit contribution to the business of the partnership by Dr Segar becomes
$228,885.75 while repayments from joint account to Dr Segar amounts to
$142,788.43 ($606,843.45 less $464,055.02), resulting in net cash injection
into the partnership by Dr Segar of $86,097.32. This is to be compared to the
$202,110.54 deposited into the joint accounts by Veronica under Schedule S9 of
Appendix G. As a result, the actual contribution of Dr Segar to the
partnership business becomes $581,590.32, made up of net cash contribution of
$86,097.32 and expenses paid directly of $495,493. Notably, Dr Segar had not
kept the actual receipts and invoices relating to his payments.

156 As set out in para 32 of Mr Aw’s report, Veronica’s contribution to the
partnership amounted to $389,072.72 and this comprise of cash deposited in to
the partnership’s bank accounts of $202,110.54 and expenses paid by Veronica
on behalf of the partnership’s businesses totalling $186,962.18 ( $182,965.70
and $3,996.48 for the jewellery and computer businesses respectively).

157 In respect of the expenses paid by Veronica on behalf of the jewellery
business amounting to $90,712.58, there were no other details apart from the
serial number of the cheques. In the interest of proper accounting of the
jewellery business, details of expenses ought to be disclosed.

158 Lastly, based on Mr Aw’s para 32 of his report, there is a shortfall of
$128,339.30 in Veronica’s capital account. This figure of $128,339.30 is
unreliable given the questions and comments raised in this judgment.
Consequently, the conclusion Mr Aw reached in para 33 of the report is
doubtful.

Findings

159 The question of whether there is any sum recoverable from the partnership
at the end of the day hinges on what is the _true_ result of the jewellery
business given the sizeable loss in Mr Aw’s report and this must surely fall
squarely on Dr Segar as the partner-in-charge to explain. In this connection,
it will be unclear until following the taking of accounts which partner will
be required to make further contribution or will be entitled to any part of
the capital profits. The result is that if accounts are required to be taken,
they will identify the assets, liabilities, income and expenditure of the
partnership and will allocate those matters 50:50 to each party.

160 I have earlier held in [145] that the sum of US$30,000 be brought to
account as a partnership asset. One other related dispute is the travel
expenses incurred for the purposes of the business. Veronica said that it was
agreed that such expenses would not be claimed against the business. However,
Dr Segar, contrary to their agreement, had recorded his travel expenses as his
monetary contributions towards the business. The travel expenses were
recognised in Mr Aw’s Schedule S5 (at p 66 of his report) on Dr Segar’s
instructions. In addition, Dr Segar was able to produce primary documents for
his travel expenses but was unable to produce other primary documents in
relation to the business. Mr Giam submits that the travel expenses were
included as an afterthought to inflate Dr Segar’s contributions. In contrast,
and in keeping with the agreement, there was no claim for travel expenses at
all on Veronica’s list of contributions.[note: 43] Notably, Dr Segar did not
challenge Veronica’s allegation that it was agreed between the parties that
travel expenses were not claimable against the business. In the circumstances,
I prefer Veronica’s evidence that travel expenses were not claimable against
the business. Accordingly, travel expenses attributable to Dr Segar in Mr Aw’s
report are not to be counted as his contributions.

161 The next matter in dispute before me related to an emerald ring to Dr
Segar’s friend, TT Durai. Dr Segar said that the emerald was his own stone and
was not from the partnership stock-in-trade. TT Durai’s evidence is unhelpful.
Dr Segar said it was a gift. TT Durai confirmed that it was a gift. His
evidence only corroborates the gift to that extent and nothing more. There is
no evidence corroborating Dr Segar’s assertion that the emerald did not come
from the stock-in-trade.

162 In circumstances where Dr Segar had the means of proof, but did not avail
himself of them (see s 108 of the Evidence Act (Cap 97, 1997 Rev Ed), and _a
fortiori_ where Dr Segar was asked to produce the relevant documents but did
not do so, the position is that he has not shown that the stone was his. In
the circumstances, the income from this particular gift should be brought into
account as partnership income. The same conclusion applies to the jewellery
listed in Veronica’s closing submissions at para 125, namely (a) an emerald
ring made for a Ms Sharmila; (b) diamond choker; (b) emerald ring and citrine
ring worn by Dr Segar, (c) two rings initially intended for ATM but retained
by Dr Segar; and (d) heart-shaped tanzanite pendant to Dr Segar’s friend Moshe
Peleg (“Moshe”). In addition to (d), Moshe has other jewellery which is
identified in Dr Segar’s exhibit P2. The heading of exhibit P 2 is “Items with
Moshe 20/12/2004”. Listed in exhibit P2 are four items, _viz_ (i) one set SS
diamond ring/earring/pendant; (ii) one set diamond ring/earring/pendant; (iii)
one set tanzanite diamond pendant and (iv) one set mixed semi precious stones
earrings and necklace. It is not clear whether item (iii) is the same as (d)
above. In any case, all items with Moshe should be brought to account as
partnership income.

163 Dr Segar has filed a counterclaim in which he asked for his share to the
32 sapphires. What is now common ground is that the 32 sapphires are
partnership assets and have to be brought to account as a partnership asset.
The 25 pieces of jewellery averred to in para 3 of Veronica’s Defence to
Counterclaim (Amendment No 1) and in Veronica’s possession must also be
brought to account as partnership asset. The 32 sapphires and 25 pieces of
jewellery have been appraised by Walter Tan and his valuation is found at
pages 22 to 37 of Walter Tan’s affidavit of evidence-in-chief. Dr Segar has
admitted to be in possession of some jewellery and gemstones and they are
listed at pages 7 to 21 of Walter Tan’s affidavit of evidence-in-chief.

164 In so far as 97 pieces of jewellery listed in Veronica’s Annex A are
concerned, 12 items are part of the jewellery admitted by Veronica to be in
her possession in para 3 of her Reply & Defence to Counterclaim (Amendment No
1).[note: 44] This leaves 85 pieces in dispute. Who has possession of the 85
pieces of jewellery? Both parties deny being in possession of the balance 85
items. It is Veronica’s case that Dr Segar all along held every piece of
jewellery and gemstones. Other than the gemstones and jewellery found at pages
7 to 21 of Walter Tan’s affidavit of evidence-in-chief, Mr Giam submits that
Dr Segar had not pleaded nor informed the court of other jewellery/gemstones
held by him. From Veronica’s answer on how she made up the list in Annex A,
her compilation of the list - from memory and price lists from the past
exhibitions - is not free from errors.[note: 45] From the haphazard way the
business was run, the business never kept an inventory of its stock-in-trade.
It seems to me that their craftsman, Mr Lei Hin Meng’s order book is probably
the more reliable source for a record of the jewellery he made for the
partnership but his order book has to be matched with the purchasers from
suppliers and expenses for workmanship. As I have found that Dr Segar is
required to account to Veronica for all the jewellery and gemstones belonging
to the business, this dispute of the missing items will have to be taken up by
Dr Segar. As mentioned, there is a list of jewellery and gemstones taken by
Moshe (see exhibit P2 and [162] above) which was not taken up in Mr Aw’s
report. Dr Segar has not explained why the jewellery and gemstones were not
returned. I have already said that they should be taken into account as
partnership income.

Conclusions on Suit 562

165 It is appropriate that accounts be taken if the parties cannot resolve
matters between them now that the issues of principle have been resolved. They
will be taken on the basis of the various findings that I have made as to the
nature of the partnership and the entitlements of the parties. Even though the
amount at stake is uncertain, it is clear that the costs involved in the
taking of accounts will not be modest. I would have thought that the
application of commonsense might lead to a situation where the parties do not
need to take accounts if it is resolved by consensus. In seeking consensus,
the parties may take into consideration (by way of example) the ability of one
or the other to make payment that may be necessitated upon the taking of
accounts. The court, in taking the accounts, does not do this. It simply finds
the respective entitlements of the parties, and leaves them to be enforced
according to law.

166 In the circumstances, I will order that para 3 of the Statement of Claim
(Amendment No 1) be referred to the Registrar for the taking of accounts. I
further order that the taking of accounts be stayed for 6 weeks from the date
of the judgment to enable the parties to resolve the matter by consensus.

167 I order that Dr Segar’s counterclaim be dismissed.

168 This leaves the question of costs of Suit 562\. The real issues in dispute
are who owes what to whom. The determination of that through the taking of
accounts could not proceed straightaway because there were questions raised as
to, for example, the basis on which accounts should be taken. In substance,
Veronica has succeeded in having the questions in Suit 562 resolved in her
favour. In the circumstances, Veronica should have her costs of the
proceedings to date. I make no order as to costs on the counterclaim. Dr Segar
is to pay the costs of taking of partnership accounts; and other consequential
orders made related to the taking of accounts.

* * *

[note: 1]AEIC of Ashok Segar, dated 4 June 2008, at [8].

[note: 2]AEIC of Ashok Segar, dated 4 June 2008, at [32].

[note: 3]Transcripts of Evidence dated 13 April 2009, p 47

[note: 4]Transcripts of Evidence dated 15 April 2009, pp 21-22

[note: 5]Transcripts of Evidence dated 7 April 2009, p 9

[note: 6]Transcripts of Evidence dated 7 April 2009, p 29

[note: 7]Transcripts of Evidence dated 7 April 2009, p 51

[note: 8]See Agreed Bundle of Documents, (Volume 3), p. 673.

[note: 9]Defendant’s closing submissions para 87

[note: 10]Transcripts of Evidence dated 9 February 2009, p33

[note: 11]Dr Segar’s closing submissions paras 79.3, 86-89

[note: 12]Transcripts of Evidence dated 6 April 2009, p47-48

[note: 13]Transcripts of Evidence dated 6 April 2009, p44

[note: 14]Transcripts of Evidence dated 6 April 2009, p39

[note: 15]Reply and Defence to Counterclaim (Amendment No 3), para 9

[note: 16]Transcripts of Evidence, 5 February 2009, p36

[note: 17]Transcripts of Evidence dated 14 April 2009, pp 54-56; Transcripts
of Evidence dated 15 April2009, p 81.

[note: 18]Transcripts of Evidence dated 7 April 2009, p 47

[note: 19]Transcripts of Evidence dated 6 April 2009 pp 8, 109-110;
Transcripts of Evidence dated 7 April 2009, pp 47 & 54

[note: 20]Dr Segar’s closing submissions paras 145-146

[note: 21]Veronica’s closing submissions para 235

[note: 22]Dr Segar’s closing submissions para 195 and exhibit P 14

[note: 23]SN 41, 45-52, 54,57-59, 62 -73, 76 -88, 91-97 & 99-101 of Annex C to
Veronica’s 2nd AEIC

[note: 24]SN 39 of Annex C to Veronica’s 2nd AEIC

[note: 25]SN 40,42-44,53,55-56, 60-61,74-75, 89-90 & 98 of Annex C to
Veronica’s 2nd AEIC

[note: 26]Transcripts of Evidence dated 12 February 2009, p 111

[note: 27]Transcripts of Evidence dated 13 April 2009, p 4

[note: 28]3AB 794

[note: 29]Veronica’s 2nd AEIC, Appendix C; Transcripts of Evidence dated 6
April 2009, p 87

[note: 30]D13 pp 1 to 31

[note: 31]Transcripts of Evidence dated 14 April 2009, p 4

[note: 32]CB 15 and CB 21-22; Transcripts of Evidence dated 9 February 2009,
pp 42, 44 & 46

[note: 33]P1

[note: 34]Veronica’s 2nd AEIC, Annex C.

[note: 35]Veronica’s AEIC in Suit 562 Annex B SN 62

[note: 36]Veronica’s AEIC, Annex B

[note: 37]Veronica’s AEIC in Suit 562 para 11

[note: 38]Aw’s AEIC, para 16 of Report

[note: 39]Veronica’s AEIC in Suit 562, SN 59-61 of Annex B

[note: 40]CB 171-174 in Suit 310

[note: 41]CB 166 -170 in Suit 310

[note: 42]CB 180-182 in Suit 310

[note: 43]Veronica’s AEIC in Suit 562 Annex B; Transcript of Evidence 11
February 2009, p 25

[note: 44]Veronica’s AEIC in Suit 562 Annex A items nos. 4-6,13-14,64-69 and
79

[note: 45]Transcripts of evidence dated 9 April 2009, pp11-17

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 27 May 2010 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

