Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Public Prosecutor _v_ Muhammad Shafie bin Ahmad Abdullah and others  
[2010] SGHC 274

Case Number| :| Criminal Case No 54 of 2009  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 17 September 2010  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Chan Seng Onn J  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Christina Koh, Gordon Oh and Sabrina Choo (Attorney-
General's Chambers) for the prosecution; Ganesan Nadesan, Chong Soon Pong
Adrian and Darius Chan (Assigned by CLAS) for the first defendant; Peter Ong
Lip Cheng (Assigned by CLAS) for the second defendant; Ramesh Chandr Tiwary
(Messrs Ramesh Tiwary) for the third defendant; Wee Heng Yi Adrian (M/s
Characterist LLC) for the fourth defendant; Anand Nalachandran and Jansen Lim
(M/s ATMD Bird & Bird LLP) for the fifth defendant.  
Parties| :|  Public Prosecutor — Muhammad Shafie bin Ahmad Abdullah and others  
  
17 September 2010|  
---|---  
  
Chan Seng Onn J:

Introduction

1 This was a matter involving 5 young offenders (collectively “the Offenders”)
who had each pleaded guilty to a reduced charge of aggravated outrage of
modesty (“the Offence”) under section 354A(1) of the Penal Code (Cap 224, 2008
Rev Ed) (“Penal Code”). I sentenced the Offenders to imprisonment terms
between 3½ and 5 years with caning ranging from 5 to 8 strokes and I now set
out my reasons.

Background

2 On the night of 25 December 2008, the First Offender (“Shafie”) invited the
Second to Fifth Offenders (“Sadruddin”, “Lim”, “Rishi” and “Firdaus”
respectively) and one Taufik to Shafie’s flat (“the Flat”) to spend Christmas
night together. Shafie’s parents had then gone abroad and were not expected to
return to the Flat until the following day. Sometime after they arrived at the
Flat, the Offenders became bored and wanted to have female company in the
Flat. Lim then called the Victim on her handphone. It was not clear how Lim
obtained the Victim’s handphone number but suffice to mention that the Victim
and the Fourth Offender, Rishi, were former schoolmates. During the telephone
conversation with the Victim, Lim identified himself as one “Jonathan” who was
an ITE student studying in the class next to the Victim’s and arranged with
the Victim to have supper at Woodlands. The Victim agreed and Rishi eventually
picked her up in a taxi at a taxi-stand at Woodlands Bus Interchange. At that
point in time, Rishi told the Victim that they would be going for supper at
Woodlands Market. En route, however, Rishi brought the Victim to the Flat
instead, explaining that he wanted to look for his friends at the Flat first
before having supper. At around 1.00am on 26 December 2008 upon arrival at the
Flat, Rishi invited the Victim into the Flat on the assurance that his friends
would not bother her and the Victim obliged. It was then that the Victim was
introduced to Lim, Shafie, Firdaus, Sadruddin and Taufik.

3 In the Flat, the Victim played drinking games with the company she found
herself with until about 3.00am to 4.00am. There was no dispute that Lim had
told Shafie and Sadruddin shortly after the Victim’s arrival to buy liquor as
he planned for the Victim to drink alcohol that night. There was also no
dispute that the Victim had joined in the drinking games because she was
feeling festive as it was the Christmas season and the school holidays. Taufik
did not join in the drinking games and was playing a PSP game console in the
Flat. Firdaus also did not join in the drinking games as he had left the Flat
temporarily after the Victim’s arrival. In the course of the drinking games,
the Victim drank more than 5 disposable plastic cups of vodka cocktail. As a
result, she felt dizzy.

4 Sometime later that night, the Victim had consensual sexual intercourse with
Lim after he made sexual advances towards the Victim privately in Shafie’s
bedroom. After sexual intercourse, the Victim then returned to the living room
to rest as she was still feeling dizzy from the alcohol she had earlier
consumed. The Victim subsequently ended up resting on a chair in Shafie’s
bedroom in the presence of all the Offenders. At this point in time, Lim
attempted to pull her from the chair for her to lie down with him on the
mattress in the bedroom, to which she responded by replying in Mandarin “ _bu
yao_ ” (“I don’t want to”). The Victim eventually lost her balance and landed
on the mattress. In the presence of the other Offenders, Lim then crossed his
leg over the Victim’s legs, laid beside and started kissing her. The Victim
tried unsuccessfully to push Lim’s leg away. At that point, one of the
Offenders told the rest, “Let’s start”, and Lim starting removing the Victim’s
shorts. The Victim was eventually stripped naked by the Offenders who took
turns to sexually assault the Victim by penetrating her mouth and her vagina
concurrently with their penises without her consent between 4.00am to 6.00am,
in the course of which there was also digital penetration of the Victim’s
vagina committed by the Fourth and Fifth Offenders. All this while, Taufik
remained in the living room watching television. The Victim suffered bleeding
from her vagina during the sexual assault.

5 The Offenders were originally variously charged under sections 375(1)(a),
376(1)(a) and 376(2)(a) of the Penal Code for rape and sexual assault by
penetration of the Victim who was then 17 years old at the material time. The
charges were later reduced to outraging modesty under section 354A(1) of the
Penal Code with some other charges taken into consideration after 19 days of
trial, by which time the Victim had already undergone several days of cross-
examination. The table below sets out in detail the reduced charges against
the Offenders.

Name of Offender |  Charge(s) |  Charge(s) Taken into Consideration  
---|---|---  
Muhammad Shafie bin Ahmad Abdullah (First Offender) |  One charge under section 354A(1) of the Penal Code for penetrating Victim’s vagina with penis |  -  
Mohd Sadruddin bin Azman (Second Offender) |  One charge under section 354A(1) of Penal Code for penetrating Victim’s vagina with penis |  -  
Lim Boon Tai (Third Offender) |  One charge under section 354A(1) of Penal Code for penetrating Victim’s mouth with penis |  One charge under section 354A(1) of Penal Code for penetrating Victim’s vagina with penis shortly after the group assault ended  
Rishi Mohan (Fourth Offender) |  One charge under section 354A(1) of Penal Code for penetrating Victim’s mouth with penis |  One charge under section 354A(1) of Penal Code for digital penetration of Victim’s vagina  
Mohamed Firdaus bin Roslan (Fifth Offender) |  One charge under section 354A(1) of Penal Code for penetrating Victim’s vagina with penis |  One charge under section 354A(1) of Penal Code for digital penetration of Victim’s vagina  
  
  

6 The Offenders pleaded guilty upon the reduction of the original charges of
rape and sexual assault by penetration. All the Offenders were between 17 to19
years old at the time the Offence was committed.

Sentencing benchmark

7 The sentence for an offence under section 354A(1) of the Penal Code is
provided for in the same section which states:

Whoever, in order to commit or to facilitate the commission of an offence
against any person under section 354, voluntarily causes or attempts to cause
to that person death, or hurt, or wrongful restraint, or fear of instant
death, instant hurt or instant wrongful restraint, shall be punished with
imprisonment for a term of not less than 2 years and not more than 10 years
and with caning.

8 Sub-section 354(1) of the Penal Code in turn provides that:

Whoever assaults or uses criminal force to any person, intending to outrage or
knowing it to be likely that he will thereby outrage the modesty of that
person, shall be punished with imprisonment for a term which may extend to 2
years, or with fine, or with caning, or with any combination of such
punishments.

9 Both the Prosecution and Defence referred to the case of _Seow Fook Thiam v
PP_ [1997] 2 SLR(R) 887 at [36] (“ _Seow Fook Thiam_ ”) where it was held by
the High Court that the norm for offences committed under section 354A(1) of
the Penal Code is 30 months’ imprisonment and 6 strokes of the cane. It
appeared to have been accepted by the Prosecution that the sentencing norm
laid down in _Seow Fook Thiam_ was an appropriate starting point against which
the Offenders’ culpable conduct was to be calibrated for the purposes of
sentencing.

10 The difficulty of the matter, however, was that there was no direct
sentencing precedent insofar as the factual circumstances of the present case
were brought within the charge of aggravated outrage of modesty under section
354A(1) of the Penal Code. In _Seow Fook Thiam_ , the accused person had
hugged the complainant from behind and used both of his hands to squeeze her
breasts at a staircase in her block of flats. Such culpable conduct in _Seow
Fook Thiam_ clearly differed by a huge margin from the conduct of the
Offenders in the present case. Here, the Offenders had not merely molested the
Victim; they had collectively committed acts which, but for the reduction of
the original charges by the Prosecution, would have categorically and
factually also constituted gang rape and sexual assault by penetration based
on the same statement of facts admitted to without qualification by all the
Offenders.

11 In arriving at the appropriate sentence, I had borne in mind the principles
of ordinal proportionality and cardinal proportionality so that crimes of
varying degrees and culpability are redressed proportionally and rationally.
The principles of ordinal proportionality and cardinal proportionality were
recognised and adopted in _Xia Qin Lai v Public Prosecutor_ [1999] 3 SLR(R)
257 at [28] where Yong Pung How CJ (as he was then) stated:

... I found recourse to the academic distinction between ordinal
proportionality and cardinal proportionality (see generally Ashworth,
Sentencing and Criminal Justice (2nd Ed, 1992), ch 3) helpful. Briefly,
ordinal proportionality measures the seriousness of the offence in question
against other offences, whereas cardinal proportionality involves the
question: "How serious is this particular offence of its type?"

12 Applying these principles to the present case, I was of the view that the
circumstances surrounding the Offence warranted, as a matter of starting point
against which any mitigating factors would then subsequently be considered for
the purposes of arriving at an appropriate sentence, a penalty that fell
within the higher end of the statutory sentencing regime under section 354A(1)
of the Penal Code. In arriving at this view, I took into account that there
was factual rape and sexual assault by penetration in the circumstances
notwithstanding that the criminal acts committed were eventually brought under
section 354A(1) of the Penal Code. As such, I found myself to be sufficiently
justified in being guided analogously by the Court of Appeal’s holding in
_Public Prosecutor v Mohammed Liton Mohammed Syeed Mallik_ [2008] 1 SLR(R) 601
at [93] which stated non-exhaustively that:

In so far as the aggravating factors which warrant an increase from the
benchmark sentences [for the offence of rape] are concerned, it may also be
helpful to refer to the case of Regina v Roberts [1982] 1 WLR 133, in which
the English Court of Appeal listed many of the factors considered to aggravate
the offence of rape as follows (at 135):

Some of the features which may aggravate the crime are as follows. Where a gun
or knife or some other weapon has been used to frighten or injure the victim.
Where the victim sustains serious injury, whether that is mental or physical.
Where violence is used over and above the violence necessarily involved in the
act itself. Where, there are threats of a brutal kind. _Where the victim has
been subjected to further sexual indignities or perversions_. Where the victim
is very young or elderly. Where the offender is in a position of trust. Where
the offender has intruded into the victim's home. Where the victim has been
deprived of her liberty for a period of time. _Where the rape, or succession
of rapes, is carried out by a group of men_. Where the offender has committed
a series of rapes on different women, or indeed on the same woman.

In the (also) English Court of Appeal decision of Regina v Millberry [2003] 1
WLR 546 ("Millberry"), Lord Woolf CJ also identified (at [32]) a list of nine
aggravating factors that are often present in rape offences, namely:

(a) the use of violence over and above the force necessary to commit the rape;

[...]

(e)  _further degradation of the victim_ , eg _, by forced oral sex_ or
urination on the victim; ...

(emphasis added)

13 In the present case, the Offenders clearly had a numerical advantage over
the Victim who was only 17 years old and vulnerable because she was under the
influence of alcohol at the material time. In committing an offence under
section 354A(1) of the Penal Code, the Offenders did, as a group, wrongfully
restrain the Victim and carried out acts that were factually identical to rape
and sexual assault by penile penetration of the Victim’s mouth and digital
penetration of the Victim’s vagina. There was also further degradation of the
Victim by way of oral sex that was forced on her while she was at the same
time being vaginally penetrated by the Offenders.

14 It is apposite at this juncture to pause and consider the decision of _Sim
Gek Yong v Public Prosecutor_ [1995] 1 SLR(R) 185 where it was held by the
High Court at [15] that:

The onus lies on the Prosecution in the first place to assess the seriousness
of an accused's conduct and to frame an appropriate charge in the light of the
evidence available. Once an accused has pleaded guilty to (or been convicted
of) a particular charge, it cannot be open to the court, in sentencing him, to
consider the possibility that an alternative - and graver - charge might have
been brought and to treat him as though he had been found guilty of the graver
charge.

15 In Kow Keng Siong, _Sentencing Principles in Singapore_ (Academy
Publishing, 2009) at para 13.117, the view was similarly taken that:

When referring to analogous cases, a court must, however be mindful ... to
only impose a punishment for an offence of which the accused had been
convicted. It is impermissible to consider the fact that a graver charge might
have been preferred against him in sentencing ...

16 Let it be clear that in arriving at my decision on sentencing in the
present case, my taking of cognizance that there was factual rape and sexual
assault by penetration was not an exercise in consideration of the possibility
that an alternative and graver charge of rape or sexual assault by penetration
might have been preferred against the Offenders, much less to treat them as
though they had been legally found guilty of the charge of rape or sexual
assault by penetration (for which the prescribed maximum sentence of
imprisonment of 20 years is twice that for the reduced charge of aggravated
outrage of modesty proceeded with by the Prosecution against each of the
Offenders). Instead, what this exercise really entailed was to recognise that
the precise nature of the criminal acts carried out by the Offenders against
the Victim – being factually identical to acts constituting rape and sexual
assault by penetration – effectively brought the Offenders’ conduct within the
more if not most serious category of cases under section 354A(1) of the Penal
Code, which warranted a substantial sentence within the legislatively
prescribed range of not less than 2 years and not more than 10 years of
imprisonment with caning. To this end, it is fruitful to note that in the
recent High Court decision of _Public Prosecutor v Firdaus bin Abdullah_
[2010] 3 SLR 225, Chan Sek Keong CJ explained as a matter of general principle
at [17] that:

The principle for imposing the maximum prescribed punishment for any offence
is clear. It is only warranted when the particular crime belongs to the most
serious category of cases under that offence, although it need not be
restricted to the "worst case imaginable": see _Sim Gek Yong v PP_ [1995] 1
SLR(R) 185 at [13] and _Angliss Singapore Pte Ltd v PP_ [2006] 4 SLR(R) 653
where the court stated at [84]:

By imposing a sentence close to or fixed at the statutory maximum, a court
calibrates the offender's conduct as among the worst conceivable for that
offence. In other words, when Parliament sets a statutory maximum, it signals
the gravity with which the public, through Parliament, views that particular
offence: _Cheong Siat Fong v PP_ [2005] SGHC 176 at [23]; R v H (1980) 3 A
Crim R 53 at 65. Therefore, it stands to reason that sentencing judges must
take note of the maximum penalty and then apply their minds to determine
precisely where the offender's conduct falls within the spectrum of punishment
devised by Parliament.

Therefore, even if the conduct in a particular case could have been
exacerbated in some way, the maximum penalty is still appropriate where the
conduct could be objectively characterised as belonging to the worst end of
the scale when comparing instances of that offence.

17 For the reasons stated above, it was therefore tenuous to think that the
criminal conduct of the Offenders did not warrant a substantial sentence under
section 354A(1) of the Penal Code.

Mitigating factors

18 The key mitigating factors under contention in the present case were,
first, the Offenders’ pleas of guilt to the reduced charges under section
354A(1) of the Penal Code and, second, the young age of the Offenders at the
time of the Offence.

19 It is trite that a plea of guilt can be taken into consideration in
mitigation when it was motivated by genuine remorse, contriteness or regret
and/or a desire to facilitate the administration of justice (see _Angliss
Signapore Pte Ltd v Public Prosecutor_ [2006] 4 SLR(R) 653 at [77]). However,
in the present case, I concluded that the Offenders’ pleas of guilt carried
little weight because they were not made timeously enough to be sufficiently
indicative of genuine remorse (cf _Sinniah Pillay v Public Prosecutor_ [1991]
2 SLR(R) 704 at [27]; _Xia Qin Lai v Public Prosecutor_ [1999] 3 SLR(R) 257 at
[26]; _Chen Weixiong Jerriek v Public Prosecutor_ [2003] 2 SLR(R) 334 at
[22]). Here, the Offenders’ first and further joint representations to reduce
the original charges were only advanced to the Prosecution on the second and
seventh day of the Victim’s cross-examination respectively. This was unlike
the cases (to name just a few) of _Annis bin Abdullah v Public Prosecutor_
[2004] 2 SLR(R) 93, _Public Prosecutor v Liew Kok Meng @ Lai Meow Onn_ [1999]
SGHC 128 and _Public Prosecutor v Koh Jin Lie_ [1998] SGHC 180 where the
accused persons had pleaded guilty early and saved their sexual victims the
trauma of having to testify in court.

20 Neither could it be said that the guilty pleas were genuinely motivated by
the Offenders’ desire to facilitate the administration of justice as the trial
hearing had already gone on for a substantial period of 19 days by the time
the guilty pleas were made. Accordingly, the Offenders’ guilty pleas could not
be taken to be a significant mitigating factor in the present case.

21 I now turn to the young age of the Offenders at the time of the Offence.
The Defence had variously submitted that rehabilitation should be the dominant
consideration for the purposes of sentencing in the present case because of
the Offenders’ young adolescent age and because the Offenders’ conduct during
the commission of the Offence was not particularly heinous. The Prosecution,
on the other hand, submitted that public interest required that deterrence be
the dominant consideration for sentencing in the present case because the
Offence committed was repugnant and one of the most aggravated forms of
outrage of modesty envisaged within section 354A(1) of the Penal Code.[note:
1]

22 I agreed that a sentence of probation or reformative training would be
excessively lenient in light of the serious nature of the criminal acts
visited upon the Victim by the Offenders in the present case. Young age does
not _per se_ automatically attract rehabilitation as the dominant sentencing
consideration in all cases. In this regard, it is useful to reproduce the
relevant segment found in Kow Keng Siong, _Sentencing Principles in Singapore_
(Academy Publishing, 2009) at para 22.008:

Although rehabilitation is an important sentencing objective for young
offenders, it is not the sole or overriding consideration. Deterrence,
protection and retribution are still relevant considerations. This is clear
when the High Court reminded in _Public Prosecutor v Mok Ping Wuen Maurice_
[1999] 1 SLR 138 at [25] that “[t]here is a need to strike a balance between
public interest and the interest of the offender”. Courts have the
“responsibility to safeguard the interests of the law-abiding general public
and of applying the law uniformly to all those who violate it”: _Fay v Public
Prosecutor_ [1994] 2 SLR 154 at [17]. Thus, where the offence is so serious
and the actions of the offender so “contemptible” and committed with “shocking
audacity”, the rehabilitative principle should be subordinated to the other
sentencing principles. ...

23 It cannot be accepted that the Offenders’ conduct during the commission of
the Offence was not particularly heinous. The factors considered at [13] above
speak for themselves in this regard. The absence of any specific use of
violent force against a victim in any given criminal offence does not
necessarily preclude the offence committed from being characterised as a
heinous crime. There can be no one formula for ascertaining the gravity and
reprehensibility of an offence and every offence must be considered in light
of its own circumstances. Needless to say, it follows that absence of physical
violence cannot by itself be the controlling factor for the purpose of
determining that a particular offence is not heinous.

24 On the foregoing bases, the dominant consideration for sentencing in the
present case should, as the Prosecution rightly pointed out,[note: 2]
therefore be deterrence in order for the public interest to be properly served
by communicating society’s aversion to the grave criminal acts committed by
the Offenders despite their young age.

Conclusion

25 A substantial sentence under section 354A(1) of the Penal Code would have
been justified in the circumstances of this present case. Indeed, if not for
the young age of the Offenders, I would have meted out an imprisonment
sentence closer to the maximum of 10 years under section 354A(1) of the Penal
Code.

26 Having said that, it should however be noted that in the course of the
Prosecution’s submissions, the Prosecution had very generously indicated a
sentence of between 3 to 5 years’ imprisonment with caning when I asked for
its opinion on what would be an appropriate sentence for the Offenders in the
present case. It was principally a result of what the Prosecution had
submitted that I was more lenient with the Offenders than I would otherwise
have been. The Offenders should therefore count themselves very lucky on
account of the Prosecution’s generosity in the present case.

27 For all the reasons stated above and having regard to the varying degrees
of culpability among the Offenders themselves and the charges which were taken
into consideration for the purposes of sentencing, I therefore sentenced the
Offenders respectively as follows:

(a)

The First Offender, Muhammad Shafie bin Ahmad Abdullah, to 3½ years’
imprisonment (backdated to 30 December 2008) and 5 strokes of the cane. He was
18 years and 2 months old at the time of the Offence;

(b)

The Second Offender, Mohd Sadruddin bin Azman, to 3½ years’ imprisonment
(backdated to 30 December 2008) and 5 strokes of the cane. He was 18 years and
8 months old at the time of the Offence;

(c)

The Third Offender, Lim Boon Tai, to 5 years’ imprisonment and 8 strokes of
the cane. He was the oldest being 19 years and 8 months old at the time of the
Offence;

(d)

The Fourth Offender, Rishi Mohan, to 4 years’ imprisonment (taking into
account the remand periods of 30 December 2008 to 12 March 2009 and 13 October
2009 to 19 November 2009) and 5 strokes of the cane. He was the youngest being
17 years old at the time of the Offence; and

(e)

The Fifth Offender, Mohamed Firdaus bin Roslan, to 4½ years’ imprisonment and
5 strokes of the cane. He was 17 years and 10 months old at the time of the
Offence.

* * *

[note: 1]Prosecution’s Submissions on Sentence, paras 46-48.

[note: 2]Prosecution’s Submissions on Sentence, para 51.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 17 Sep 2010 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

