Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Martek Biosciences Corp _v_ Cargill International Trading Pte Ltd  
[2010] SGCA 51

Case Number| :| Civil Appeal No 55 of 2010  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 28 December 2010  
Tribunal/Court| :| Court of Appeal  
Coram| :|  Chao Hick Tin JA; Andrew Phang Boon Leong JA  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Lai Tze Chang Stanley SC, Vignesh Vaerhn and Lim Ming Hui
Eunice (Allen & Gledhill LLP) for the appellant; Daniel Koh (briefed) (Eldan
Law LLP) and Low Wei Ling Wendy (Rajah & Tann LLP) for the respondent.  
Parties| :|  Martek Biosciences Corp — Cargill International Trading Pte Ltd  
  
[LawNet Editorial Note: The decision from which this appeal arose is reported
at [2010] 3 SLR 927.]

28 December 2010| Judgment reserved.  
---|---  
  
Chao Hick Tin JA (delivering the judgment of the court):

Introduction

1 This appeal concerns an application by the appellant for leave to adduce
further evidence in relation to a pending action in the High Court challenging
the decision of the Deputy Registrar of Patents and the Principal Assistant
Registrar of Patents (hereafter referred to collectively as “the Tribunal”) to
revoke the appellant’s Singapore patent P-No 42669 (“the Patent”). The
appellant’s application (“the Interlocutory Application”) was refused by the
High Court judge (“the Judge”), which led the appellant to file the present
appeal against the Judge’s decision.

Background

2 The Patent pertains to a method for producing arachidonic acid (“ARA”) in
triglyceride form for use in infant formula. One of the claims of the Patent
is that “the oil [made using the patented method] comprises _at least_ 50%
ARA”[note: 1] [emphasis in bold in original omitted; emphasis added in
italics]. The respondent applied to have the Patent revoked on the ground that
it lacked novelty or inventiveness, citing ten instances of prior art.
Following a four-day hearing before the Tribunal from 9 to 12 February 2009,
the Tribunal reserved judgment. On 3 November 2009, the Tribunal released its
written decision revoking the Patent for lack of inventiveness (see _Cargill
International Trading Pte Ltd v Martek Biosciences Corporation_ [2009] SGIPOS
12 (“the Tribunal’s Judgment”)). The appellant, being dissatisfied with the
decision of the Tribunal, appealed to the High Court by way of Originating
Summons No 1418 of 2009 (“OS 1418/2009”) filed on 15 December 2009. It was in
relation to the appeal in OS 1418/2009 (“the HC Appeal”) that, on 15 January
2010, the appellant filed Summons No 234 of 2010 (_ie_ , the Interlocutory
Application) requesting for leave to adduce further evidence pursuant to O 55
r 6(2) and/or O 87A r 13(2) of the Rules of Court (Cap 322, R 5, 2006 Rev Ed)
(“the ROC”). The evidence which the appellant wanted to adduce (“the Alleged
Further Evidence”) related to a repeat of one of the experiments described in
the prior art identified as “D4” (“the Experiment”). (D4 is the original
description (in Japanese) of the Experiment, with “D4a” being the English
translation thereof. For convenience, we will hereafter refer to this prior
art as “D4a”.) On 12 March 2010, the Judge dismissed the Interlocutory
Application (see _Martek Biosciences Corp v Cargill International Trading Pte
Ltd_ [2010] 3 SLR 927 (“the High Court GD”)).

3 At this juncture, we ought to explain that D4a is a patent in Japan relating
to a skin cosmetic product which also uses ARA. The Experiment purports to set
out how to make oil with all the features of the Patent’s claim. Particularly,
it is claimed that the oil made from the Experiment comprises 72.9% ARA (for
convenience, this claim will hereafter be referred to as “the D4a Claim”),
which matches the claim in the Patent that the oil made using the patented
method comprises at least 50% ARA. The Tribunal made certain findings on the
invalidity of the Patent relying on, _inter alia_ , D4a.

4 On 19 March 2010, the appellant’s solicitors wrote in to the Judge stating
that the appellant had informed them, right after the hearing of the
Interlocutory Application on 12 March 2010, that it had already conducted the
Experiment and that the results showed that the oil produced from the
Experiment had an ARA content of less than 50% and not 72.9% as stated in the
D4a Claim. The appellant’s solicitors requested for leave to make further
arguments in order to persuade the Judge to reconsider the Interlocutory
Application. The Judge declined the request, culminating in the present appeal
by the appellant.

The decision below

5 In the High Court GD, the Judge made the following findings:

(a) The nature of an appeal from a decision of the Registrar of Patents (“the
Patents Registrar”) to the High Court under O 87A r 13 of the ROC was “akin to
that [of an appeal] from the High Court to the Court of Appeal under O 57 [of
the] ROC” (see the High Court GD at [69]).

(b) Accordingly, the test set out in _Ladd v Marshall_ [1954] 1 WLR 1489 for
determining whether leave should be granted for further evidence to be adduced
in an appeal before the Court of Appeal (“the _Ladd v Marshall_ test”) should
apply to an appeal under O 87A r 13, “albeit with appropriate modifications if
the nature of the appeal and the factual matrix of the case so require[d]”
(see the High Court GD at [74]).

(c) The appellant should have either carried out the Experiment prior to the
hearing before the Tribunal, or applied for leave from the Tribunal during the
hearing to carry out the Experiment and adduce the results obtained as
evidence in the hearing. At the very least, the appellant should have
conducted the Experiment during the period between the last day of the hearing
before the Tribunal (_viz_ , 12 February 2009) and the date on which the
Tribunal’s Judgment was released (_viz_ , 3 November 2009). The appellant’s
inaction between 12 February 2009 and 3 November 2009 showed “a lack of due
diligence in securing all relevant evidence before the Tribunal” (see the High
Court GD at [75]).

(d) The evidence of the Experiment which the appellant was seeking leave to
adduce (_ie_ , the Alleged Further Evidence) would not have any major or
significant bearing on the HC Appeal as the Tribunal had also held the Patent
to be invalid in view of prior art other than D4a (see the High Court GD at
[78]–[79]).

(e) The appellant had not enclosed any report or results of the Experiment
(which it claimed it had already carried out) and, hence, the respondent would
not be in a position to verify the credibility of the alleged results (see the
High Court GD at [78]).

The test to be applied for adducing further evidence under Order 87A rule
13(2) of the ROC

Comparison/Analogy with other provisions of the ROC

6 The legal question which we have to decide in this appeal is: what is the
test to be applied in deciding whether to grant leave for further evidence to
be adduced pursuant to O 87A r 13(2) of the ROC in an appeal from the Patents
Registrar to the High Court? As the Judge noted at [11] of the High Court GD,
this question has hitherto never been decided in Singapore as the HC Appeal is
the first case involving an application for leave to adduce further evidence
in an appeal under O 87A r 13.

7 The applicable provision in the ROC is O 87A r 13(2), which provides that:

An appeal [under O 87A r 13] shall be by way of rehearing and the evidence
used on appeal shall be the same as that used before the [Patents] Registrar
and, except with the leave of the Court, no further evidence shall be given.

In the court below, both the parties as well as the Judge, in determining what
test should be applied _vis-à-vis_ O 87A r 13(2), drew analogies with other
provisions in the ROC which similarly deal with the grant of leave to adduce
further evidence in appeals (see [11] of the High Court GD). For ease of
reference, tabulated below are the relevant rules in the ROC:

Relevant provision of the ROC |  Nature of the appeal  |  Text of the relevant provision |  Test to be applied for determining whether to grant leave for further evidence to be adduced  
---|---|---|---  
O 87A r 13(2) |  Appeal from a decision of the Patents Registrar to the High Court  |  “An appeal shall be by way of rehearing and the evidence used on appeal shall be the same as that used before the [Patents] Registrar and, except with the leave of the Court, no further evidence shall be given.”  |  No previous decision on point in Singapore  
O 87 r 4(2)  |  Appeal from a decision of the Registrar of Trade Marks (“the Trade Marks Registrar”) to the High Court |  “An appeal shall be by way of rehearing and the evidence used on appeal shall be the same as that used before the [Trade Marks] Registrar and, except with the leave of the Court, no further evidence shall be given.” |  No previous decision on point in Singapore  
O 55 rr 2(1) and 6(2) |  Appeal from a court (other than a subordinate court under the Subordinate Courts Act (Cap 321, 2007 Rev Ed)), tribunal or person to the High Court |  O 55 r 2(1): “An appeal to which this Order applies shall be by way of rehearing …” O 55 r 6(2): “The Court shall have power to require further evidence on questions of fact, and the evidence may be given in such manner as the Court may direct …” |  No previous decision on point in Singapore  
O 57 r 13(2) |  Appeal from the High Court to the Court of Appeal |  “The Court of Appeal shall have power to receive further evidence on questions of fact, … but, in the case of an appeal from a judgment after [a] trial or hearing of any cause or matter on the merits, no such further evidence (other than evidence as to matters which have occurred after the date of [the] trial or hearing) shall be admitted except on special grounds.”  |  The applicable test is the _Ladd v Marshall_ test as applied in _Su Sh-Hsyu v Wee Yue Chew_ [2007] 3 SLR(R) 673. However, in _Lassiter Ann Masters v To Keng Lam (alias Toh Jeanette)_ [2004] 2 SLR(R) 392 (“ _Lassiter Ann_**”)** , it was held that a judge in chambers hearing an appeal from a registrar’s decision exercised a confirmatory jurisdiction and not an appellate jurisdiction, and thus had the discretion to admit further evidence (see _Lassiter Ann_ at [10]). It was not necessary for the judge to apply the _Ladd v Marshall_ test strictly, particularly the first condition thereof, _viz_ , the condition that the further evidence sought to be adduced could not have been obtained with reasonable diligence for use at the trial (see _Lassiter Ann_ at [24]).  It was added in _WBG Network (S) Pte Ltd v Sunny Daisy Ltd_ [2007] 1 SLR(R) 1133 (“ _WBG Network_**”)** that in an appeal before a judge in chambers where the hearing at first instance did not possess the characteristics of a trial, the party seeking leave to adduce further evidence might still have to persuade the judge hearing the appeal that he had satisfied all three of the conditions set out in _Ladd v Marshall_ (“the Ladd v Marshall conditions”). This was because the judge was “entitled, though not obliged, to employ the conditions of Ladd v Marshall _” [emphasis in original]_ (see _WBG Network_ at [14]).  
  
  

8 It can be seen from the above that the wording of O 87A r 13(2) of the ROC
(_vis-à-vis_ an appeal from a decision of the Patents Registrar to the High
Court) is similar to that of O 87 r 4(2) (_vis-à-vis_ an appeal from a
decision of the Trade Marks Registrar to the High Court), but is different
from both the wording of O 55 r 6(2) (_vis-à-vis_ an appeal to the High Court
under O 55) and that of O 57 r 13(2) (_vis-à-vis_ an appeal to the Court of
Appeal under O 57). Notwithstanding this difference in wording, an appeal to
the High Court under O 87A r 13 is similar to an appeal to the High Court
under O 55 in so far as both types of appeals operate by way of rehearing
(see, respectively, O 87A r 13(2) and O 55 r 2(1)). We must, however, point
out that the prescribed regime for adducing further evidence under O 55 r 6(2)
seems more liberal than the corresponding regime under O 87A r 13(2) as the
former provides that “[t]he Court shall have power to require further evidence
on questions of fact, and the evidence may be given in such manner as the
Court may direct”. As for an appeal under O 57 from the High Court to the
Court of Appeal _vis-à-vis_ a decision given after a trial or hearing of any
cause or matter on the merits, pursuant to O 57 r 13(2), further evidence can
only be admitted on “special grounds”, a condition not specified in O 87A r
13(2). Here, we must add that s 37(1) of the Supreme Court of Judicature Act
(Cap 322, 2007 Rev Ed) provides that an appeal from the High Court to the
Court of Appeal “shall be by way of rehearing”; this same provision also
appears in O 57 r 3(1) of the ROC.

9 At [67] of the High Court GD, the Judge, citing _Singapore Court Practice
2009_ (Jeffrey Pinsler SC gen ed) (LexisNexis, 2009) at para 87A/13/2, stated
that the term “rehearing” in relation to O 87 of the ROC (which, as mentioned
earlier, concerns trade marks) was not to be understood as referring to a full
_de novo_ rehearing of evidence; in so ruling, the Judge drew a distinction
between an appeal under O 87 r 4 and an appeal under O 55. The Judge (likewise
at [67] of the High Court GD) endorsed the analysis in _Mediacorp News Pte Ltd
v Astro All Asia Networks plc_ [2009] 4 SLR(R) 496 and _Valentino Globe BV v
Pacific Rim Industries Inc_ [2009] 4 SLR(R) 577 that “a ‘rehearing’ under O 87
r 4 [of the] ROC [was] similar to that under O 57 r 13 [of the] ROC (_ie_ , an
appeal from [the] High Court to the Court of Appeal)”. He also pointed out (at
[68] of the High Court GD) that:

The proceedings before the Tribunal were akin to a full trial with oral
evidence having been adduced and cross-examination having taken place. … The
statutory framework of the Patents Act [(Cap 221, 2005 Rev Ed)] read with O
87A [of the] ROC suggests that the Tribunal is the proper forum for the taking
of evidence and that the High Court sitting in its appellate capacity does not
have unbridled powers to introduce fresh evidence after a decision has been
rendered by the Tribunal.

10 The above reasoning of the Judge is logical. However, the problem with
treating O 87 r 4(2) and, likewise, O 87A r 13(2) as being “akin to” (see [69]
of the High Court GD) O 57 r 13(2) is that the latter requires the presence of
“special grounds” before leave may be granted to adduce further evidence. This
requirement is absent from both O 87A r 13(2) and O 87 r 4(2). Since the
wording of O 87A r 13(2) and that of O 87 r 4(2) are not the same as the
wording of O 55 r 6(2) and that of O 57 r 13(2), we do not think it would be
appropriate to apply the rules for construing the latter two provisions (_ie_
, O 55 r 6(2) and O 57 r 13(2)) when construing the former provisions (_ie_ ,
O 87A r 13(2) and O 87 r 4(2)). While comparisons may be made between O 87A r
13(2)/O 87 r 4(2) and O 55 r 6(2)/O 57 r 13(2), one should not lose sight of
the basic difference in the various rules. It stands to reason that the ROC
prescribed a separate set of rules, with different wording, for patent
proceedings and trade mark proceedings because of their special nature. As
noted by Laddie J in _Hunt-Wesson Inc’s Trade Mark Application_ [1996] RPC 233
(“ _Hunt-Wesson_ ”) at 241:

In _Ladd_ v. _Marshall_ the court was concerned with private litigation
between two parties. If one of them failed to produce evidence which was
relevant and helpful until too late, only it would suffer the consequences.
However that is not the case here. An opposition [to the registration of a
trade mark] may determine whether or not a new statutory monopoly, affecting
all traders in the country, is to be created. Refusing permission to an
opponent who files evidence late affects not only him but also may penalise
the rest of the trade.

This is an important difference between patent/trade mark proceedings and a
normal private litigation between two individuals. Therefore, the
considerations which are relevant in determining whether to grant leave for
further evidence to be admitted in an appeal to the High Court from a decision
of the Patents Registrar or a decision of the Trade Marks Registrar should be
examined bearing in mind the objectives of the Patents Act (Cap 221, 2005 Rev
Ed) and the Trade Marks Act (Cap 332, 2005 Rev Ed) respectively.

The appropriate test to be used

11 What test, then, should the court apply when deciding whether or not to
allow further evidence to be adduced pursuant to O 87A r 13(2) of the ROC?
Undoubtedly, the _Ladd v Marshall_ conditions – namely, the further evidence
sought to be adduced: (a) must not have been obtainable with reasonable
diligence for use at the trial; (b) must be such that, if given, would
probably have an important influence on the result of the case, although it
need not be decisive; and (c) must be apparently credible, although it need
not be incontrovertible – are useful. This is also implicit in these remarks
of the Judge (at [74] of the High Court GD):

I am of the view that _Ladd v Marshall_ should apply where leave is sought to
adduce further evidence, albeit with appropriate modifications if the nature
of the appeal and the factual matrix of the case so require.

12 The problem lies in determining how the _Ladd v Marshall_ conditions should
apply in a proceeding such as the present and what modifications (if any)
should be made. As mentioned at [8] above, an appeal from a decision of the
Patents Registrar to the High Court is by way of rehearing (see O 87A r
13(2)), so too is an appeal from the High Court to the Court of Appeal (see O
57 r 3(1)). To this extent, there is similarity between these two types of
appeals. Before proceeding further with our analysis, we should first address
the meaning of the expression “by way of rehearing” in O 57 r 3(1). Here, we
would endorse what the authors of _Singapore Civil Procedure 2007_ (G P Selvam
chief ed) (Sweet & Maxwell Asia, 2007) state at para 57/3/1 in commenting on O
57 r 3(1):

These words [_ie_ , “by way of rehearing”] do not mean that the witnesses are
heard afresh. They indicate [that] the appeal is not limited to a
consideration [of] whether the misdirection, misperception of evidence or
other alleged defect in the trial has taken place, so that a new trial should
be ordered. They indicate that the court considers (so far as may be relevant)
the whole of the evidence given in the court below and the whole course of the
trial.

However, it does not follow that this similarity between O 87A r 13(2) and O
57 r 3(1) (in terms of the use of the expression “by way of rehearing”) alone
entails that the test established by case law for adducing further evidence
under O 57 r 13(2) (_ie_ , the _Ladd v Marshall_ test) should be applied
strictly in relation to O 87A r 13(2). This is because O 57 r 13(2) prescribes
that, in the case of an appeal to the Court of Appeal from a judgment given
after a trial or hearing of any cause or matter on the merits, leave to adduce
further evidence should only be given on “special grounds”, a requirement
which (as mentioned at [10] above) is missing from O 87A r 13(2). The
requirement of “special grounds” in O 57 r 13(2) must obviously be given
effect to, hence the application of the _Ladd v Marshall_ conditions.

13 We should point out that what we have just said in the preceding paragraph
about the difference between an appeal from a decision of the Patents
Registrar to the High Court under O 87A r 13 and an appeal from the High Court
to the Court of Appeal under O 57 is _not_ to be taken as a suggestion that
the test for adducing further evidence in an appeal under O 87A r 13 is akin
to the corresponding test _vis-à-vis_ an appeal from a lower court (other than
a subordinate court), tribunal or person to the High Court under O 55. Apart
from the fact that the wording of O 87A r 13(2) is different from that of O 55
r 6(2), one must also bear in mind the special nature of patent proceedings
(and also trade mark proceedings, where O 87 r 4(2) is concerned (see [10]
above)). It seems to us that it would not be profitable to interpret O 87A r
13(2) by making a literal comparison with either O 55 r 6(2) or O 57 r 13(2).
Instead, the starting point must be to look at O 87A r 13(2) itself. On the
face of it, this provision gives the court an unfettered discretion to allow
further evidence to be adduced as it does not spell out the circumstances in
which the court may grant leave in this regard; neither does it set out any
limitation or restriction on how the discretion to allow further evidence
should be exercised by the court.

14 The Judge, having reviewed the decisions in _WBG Network_ , _Lassiter Ann_
, _Ladd v Marshall_ , _Ang Leng Hock v Leo Ee Ah_ [2004] 2 SLR(R) 361 and
_WUNDERKIND Trade Mark_ [2002] RPC 45, came to the view (at [69] of the High
Court GD) that:

[B]y contrasting the language employed by different rules concerning adduction
of further evidence under [the] ROC and taking into account the
characteristics of a hearing before the [Patents Registrar], it [can] be seen
that the nature of an appeal under O 87A r 13(2) [of the] ROC is akin to that
[of an appeal] from the High Court to the Court of Appeal under O 57 [of the]
ROC.

One factor which greatly influenced the Judge in equating O 87A r 13(2) with O
57 r 13(2) was the consideration that proceedings before the Patents Registrar
were “akin to a full trial with oral evidence [being] adduced and cross-
examination [taking] place” (see [68] of the High Court GD (also reproduced at
[9] above)). This entails that each party in a proceeding before the Patents
Registrar must put its entire case before the Patents Registrar. It would be
highly undesirable to freely permit parties, after the Patents Registrar has
decided a matter, to adduce further evidence in an appeal from the Patents
Registrar’s decision to the High Court. This would render the proceedings
before the Patents Registrar highly inefficient. Up to this point, the logic
behind treating an appeal under O 87A r 13 as “akin to” (_per_ [69] of the
High Court GD) an appeal under O 57 cannot be assailed. But, what still
remains to be taken into reckoning is the special character of a registered
patent. A patent will affect not only the parties to the particular patent
proceeding in question, but also everyone else. The proprietor of a patent
enjoys a monopoly within the jurisdiction. Like trade mark proceedings (and
see, in this regard, the passage from _Hunt-Wesson_ at 241 quoted at [10]
above), patent proceedings have repercussions on the market at large: they
concern the state of the patents register, which undoubtedly affects the
public’s interest.

15 That said, while the court ought to bear in mind the special character of
patent proceedings, and notwithstanding the wording of O 87A r 13(2) (which
seems to accord to the court an apparently unfettered discretion to allow
further evidence to be adduced in an appeal under O 87A r 13), it is also
important that the discretionary power in O 87A r 13(2) is exercised in a
principled manner so that there will be some certainty as to how this
provision is to be applied whilst, at the same time, meeting the ends of
justice in specific cases. We do not think it is feasible or desirable to lay
down any rigid test for the exercise of this discretion other than to identify
the factors or considerations which the court should take into account in
deciding whether or not to allow further evidence to be adduced pursuant to O
87A r 13(2).

16 At this juncture, it is appropriate for us to again refer to _Hunt-Wesson_
, a case concerning an appeal against the dismissal of an opposition to a
trade mark application registration. There, Laddie J first observed that the
appeal before him was a rehearing, and then said (at 241–242):

In my view the more appropriate course to adopt [as opposed to simply applying
the _Ladd v Marshall_ test] … is to look at all the circumstances, including
those factors set out in _Ladd_ v. _Marshall_ and to decide whether on the
particular facts the undoubted power of the court to admit fresh evidence
should be exercised in favour of doing so.

After reviewing various precedents (which, he noted, did not offer a uniform
approach), Laddie J (at 242) proffered the following factors as examples of
the considerations relevant to the exercise of the court’s discretion to allow
further evidence:

1\. Whether the evidence could have been filed earlier and, if so, how much
earlier.

2\. If [the evidence] could have been [filed earlier], what explanation for
the late filing has been offered to explain the delay.

3\. The nature of the [trade] mark.

4\. The nature of the objections to it.

5\. The potential significance of the new evidence.

6\. Whether or not the other side will be significantly prejudiced by the
admission of the evidence in a way which cannot be compensated, _e.g_. by an
order for costs.

7\. The desirability of avoiding multiplicity of proceedings.

8\. The public interest in not admitting onto the register invalid [trade]
marks.

The factors enumerated by Laddie J were approved by the English Court of
Appeal as being relevant in the case of _E I Dupont de Nemours & Co v S T
Dupont_ [2006] 1 WLR 2793 at [103].

17 While the statutory provision governing the admission of further evidence
in _Hunt-Wesson_ is not identical to the relevant statutory provision in the
present case (_ie_ , O 87A r 13(2) of the ROC), one significant common factor
between the two provisions is that they both do not prescribe how the court’s
discretion should be exercised. For this reason, it seems to us that the
factors listed by Laddie J, although enunciated in the context of trade mark
proceedings, are useful guidelines in patent proceedings such as the present.
The only point which we must emphasise is that the list of factors set out by
Laddie J is not exhaustive. Ultimately, in each case, the court must decide,
based on the facts of the particular case at hand, whether it is just to admit
the further evidence in question, bearing in mind also the public’s interest.

Conduct of the appellant

Circumstances relating to the Interlocutory Application

18 At this juncture, we think it appropriate to scrutinise how the
Interlocutory Application was presented to the court by the appellant.

19 As mentioned at [2] above, on 3 November 2009, the Tribunal delivered its
decision revoking the Patent. On 15 December 2009, the appellant filed OS
1418/2009 to challenge the Tribunal’s decision. On 15 January 2010, the
appellant filed Summons No 234 of 2010 (_viz_ , the Interlocutory Application)
for leave to adduce “evidence of and relating to a repeat of an experiment
described in prior art reference D4a [_ie_ , the Experiment as defined at [2]
above]”.[note: 2] The Interlocutory Application was made on the basis that the
appellant had not conducted the Experiment yet, but wanted to do so. This is
borne out by the supporting affidavit for the Interlocutory Application, which
stated as follows:[note: 3]

We [_ie_ , the appellant’s solicitors] have been instructed that the
[appellant] wishes to adduce evidence of and relating to a repeat of an
experiment described in prior art reference D4a [_ie_ , the Experiment]. In
this regard, we have been instructed that the [appellant] _wishes to conduct_
the said experiment … and to adduce evidence of and relating to the same.
[emphasis added]

In other words, at the time the Interlocutory Application was filed, it was
presented as an application for leave to be granted to the appellant to
conduct the Experiment and, subsequently, submit the results thereof to the
court for the purposes of the HC Appeal.

20 That the above was the manner in which the Interlocutory Application was
presented to the court is also evident from the proceedings at the hearing of
the application on 12 March 2010. At that hearing, counsel for the appellant
told the Judge that “[the appellant] ha[d] not done the [E]xperiment yet[;] …
[it was] asking for six weeks [to] present the [E]xperiment … to the
Court”.[note: 4] The purpose of the Interlocutory Application, as understood
by the Judge, is set out at [9] of the High Court GD as follows:

[T]he [appellant] took out Summons No 234 of 2010/Q … to apply for leave to
conduct the [E]xperiment … and to adduce evidence of and relating to the same
…

21 On 19 March 2010, one week after the Judge dismissed the Interlocutory
Application, the appellant’s solicitors wrote in to the court requesting for
leave to make further arguments before the Judge. In the letter, the
appellant’s solicitors informed the court that right after the hearing of the
Interlocutory Application on 12 March 2010, the appellant told them that it
had _already conducted_ the Experiment and that the results obtained revealed
the D4a Claim to be inaccurate. The letter also stated that the results
allegedly showed that the oil produced from the Experiment had an ARA content
of less than 50%, _ie_ , less than the ARA content of 72.9% alleged in the D4a
Claim. The Judge declined the request for leave to make further arguments.

22 In the present appeal, at the time the appeal was filed, the Interlocutory
Application was likewise presented to this court on the basis that the
appellant had already conducted the Experiment, and that what the appellant
wanted was leave to adduce the results of the Experiment as evidence in the HC
Appeal. This is evident from the following paragraphs of the appellant’s
written case (dated 10 June 2010) for the present appeal (“the Appellant’s
Case”):

40\. After the hearing of the [Interlocutory Application], the [a]ppellant
requested [for leave to make] further arguments and informed the Court that,
after the date of the hearing, the [a]ppellant had already conducted a repeat
of [the Experiment] and had obtained results of great significance.

…

42\. With respect, the [a]ppellant submits that the … Judge appeared to pay
more attention to the timing of this request for further arguments rather than
the hard facts of the experimental data, such data being quintessential to the
issues in the HC Appeal.

43\. … It was only after the hearing [of the Interlocutory Application] that
the [a]ppellant came into possession of the results [of the Experiment] and
only at the time of its request for further arguments could the [a]ppellant
then enlighten the Court as to the relevance of the results and their
important influence on the outcome of the HC Appeal. …

In this regard, para 53 of the Appellant’s Case is also relevant:

In response to the [r]espondent’s assertions that there was no report or
result of the alleged experiment, _the [a]ppellant is in a position to provide
these reports to the [r]espondent as part of the evidence_ that will be
considered in the HC Appeal and the [a]ppellant confirms that the manner in
which its experts measured the ARA (as will be described in their
declarations) is consistent with what would have been done by a skilled
person. The [r]espondent’s experts can then properly verify the results at
[their] leisure. Notwithstanding the above, the [a]ppellant submits that the
[r]espondent’s experts are not the arbiters of the credibility of the
experimental data and cannot prejudge the same, this being a matter rightly
falling within the dominion of the High Court. [emphasis added]

23 More significantly, in the Appellant’s Case (at paras 55–58), it was
revealed for the first time that the appellant had suspicions as to the
accuracy of the D4a Claim after becoming aware, sometime in the fourth quarter
of 2009 (_ie_ , after the hearing before the Tribunal), that an entity known
as “DSM” (whose full name has not been disclosed by the appellant) had carried
out an experiment similar to the Experiment and had filed the results which it
obtained (“the DSM results”) with the European Patent Office on 6 October
2009. The Judge was not informed of this catalytic factor.

24 During the hearing before this court on 20 August 2010, the appellant
seemed to shift its position yet again. At that hearing, the appellant sought
leave for an independent expert to conduct the Experiment and then submit the
results obtained to the court. Nothing was said about producing the results of
the Experiment, which the appellant claimed it had already conducted. In other
words, it appears that by the time this appeal was heard, the appellant no
longer wanted to proceed with the Interlocutory Application based on the
premise underlying the application as presented in the Appellant’s Case,
namely, the premise that the appellant had already conducted the Experiment
and was seeking leave only to produce the results obtained, which would show
that the D4a Claim was inaccurate (see [22] above). Why was that so? Was the
appellant, at the time this appeal was heard, still trying to find more
favourable evidence?

25 In the light of what has been stated at [18]–[24] above, we will now
summarise the matters which give us cause for concern. First, why did the
appellant not inform the Judge, at the hearing on 12 March 2010, that it had
already carried out the Experiment and was seeking leave only to adduce the
results obtained as evidence in the HC Appeal? As a result of this omission,
the Judge was left with the impression that the Interlocutory Application was
an application for leave to _both_ carry out the Experiment _and_ adduce the
results obtained as evidence in the HC Appeal.

26 Second, why did the appellant not tell the Judge about the catalytic factor
mentioned at [23] above? It appears to us that if the filing of the DSM
results with the European Patent Office on 6 October 2009 was indeed the event
which aroused the appellant’s suspicions as to the accuracy of the D4a Claim,
that fact would have been relevant for the purposes of explaining, in part,
why the Interlocutory Application had to be made. By its own submission, the
appellant was aware of the DSM results as early as 16 November 2009.[note: 5]
The appellant did not, however, make the Interlocutory Application forthwith,
but instead waited until 15 January 2010 before doing so. No explanation was
given by the appellant for this delay. Now, what is even more baffling is that
the appellant offered another reason as to why it made the Interlocutory
Application only on 15 January 2010, namely: the appellant stated that it was
only after the cross-examination of one of the respondent’s expert witnesses,
Dr William R Barclay (“Dr Barclay”), during the hearing before the Tribunal,
which cross-examination revealed that Dr Barclay had not personally conducted
the Experiment, that the idea of conducting the Experiment crossed its (the
appellant’s) mind. This alternative explanation did not find favour with the
Judge, who commented in the High Court GD at [75] as follows:

The [appellant]’s position that the necessity of conducting the [E]xperiment
only arose during cross-examination did not explain why the application to
adduce fresh evidence should only take place at the appeal stage [_ie_ , at
the stage of the HC Appeal]. The [appellant]’s inaction over the period
between 12 February 2009 [_viz_ , the day on which the hearing before the
Tribunal ended] to 3 November 2009 [_viz_ , the date on which the Tribunal’s
Judgment was released] shows a lack of due diligence in securing all relevant
evidence before the Tribunal.

We cannot help but wonder whether this allegation by the appellant (_viz_ ,
that the filing of the DSM results with the European Patent Office prompted
its suspicions as to the accuracy of the D4a Claim) was an afterthought.

27 Third, the appellant was rather coy in disclosing key information and
evidence, such as the following:

(a) the results of the Experiment (which the appellant claimed it had already
conducted), evidence that the appellant had indeed conducted the Experiment,
as well as evidence on when and how the Experiment was carried out; and

(b) copies of any documents relating to the filing of the DSM results with the
European Patent Office and/or the results themselves (here, we note that
although the appellant claims that DSM provided it with a copy of the DSM
results as filed with the European Patent Office, the appellant has chosen not
to produce those results to the court).

28 In our view, the foregoing matters clearly show not only a lack of
forthrightness on the part of the appellant _vis-à-vis_ the court, but also a
failure by the appellant to exercise reasonable diligence in presenting its
case both before the Tribunal and before the Judge. Worse, the aforesaid
matters made us doubt whether the appellant had indeed already carried out the
Experiment as it claimed and whether the filing of the DSM results with the
European Patent Office was truly the catalytic factor which led to the
appellant’s decision to challenge the D4a Claim. In short, the way in which
the appellant presented the circumstances surrounding and its reasons for
making the Interlocutory Application left us unconvinced that the appellant
had genuine reasons to doubt the accuracy of the D4a Claim.

Acceptance of prior art at face value

29 The appellant also made the assertion before us that it was the usual
practice to accept the claims of prior art at face value. To this, we would
make two observations. First, no evidence of this alleged practice has been
tendered to the court; this practice is only a bare claim on the part of the
appellant. Second, we find it strange that in the face of the respondent’s
application to strike out the Patent on the basis of prior art, the appellant
was content to simply accept the claims of the prior art cited by the
respondent. Be that as it may, and even assuming that it is indeed the usual
practice to accept the claims of prior art at face value, it appears to us
that this alleged practice is only part of the reason why the appellant did
not challenge the D4a Claim earlier. In this regard, the explanation given by
the appellant’s counsel to the Judge at the hearing on 12 March 2010 is
telling – namely, the appellant did not conduct the Experiment (with a view to
challenging the accuracy of the D4a Claim) earlier because it was confident
that it had distinguished D4a from the Patent.[note: 6] It appears that it was
only after the adverse ruling by the Tribunal and after realising that D4a was
one of the reasons for that ruling that the appellant sought to cast doubt (or
search for some evidence which could cast doubt) on the accuracy of the D4a
Claim.

Application of the relevant guidelines to the facts of this case

The _Ladd v Marshall_ conditions

30 While we are of the view that the _Ladd v Marshall_ conditions should not
be applied rigidly to an application for leave to adduce further evidence in
an appeal from a decision of the Patents Registrar to the High Court and that
there is a need to also consider other factors (as listed at [16] above) where
applicable, we think it is nevertheless useful to see to what extent this case
satisfies the _Ladd v Marshall_ conditions (which, it should be observed, are
consistent with the other factors just mentioned).

31 It seems to us clear that the appellant has not fulfilled the first of the
_Ladd v Marshall_ conditions, _viz_ , the condition that the further evidence
sought to be adduced could not have been obtained with reasonable diligence
for use at the trial. If the appellant had wanted to, it could have carried
out the Experiment to verify the D4a Claim prior to the hearing before the
Tribunal. Here, we note the possible argument that, perhaps, the appellant
should not be faulted too much for not challenging D4a (by carrying out the
Experiment) earlier: the court should understand that people usually would not
challenge valid patents, which are deemed to be authentic in their claims.
Putting it another way, it may be argued (in the appellant’s favour) that a
reasonable person might not have thought it necessary to challenge a valid
patent (in this case, D4a), and, without challenging D4a, the Alleged Further
Evidence (as defined at [2] above) would not have been available for use in
the proceedings before the Tribunal. However, for our present purposes, and
without going into an examination of the usual practice with regard to the
treatment of claims in a registered patent, there is a need for the court to
examine the facts of this case more closely. It will be recalled (see [26]
above) that the appellant stated that the thought of challenging the D4a Claim
occurred to it only after the cross-examination of Dr Barclay; the appellant
did not explain why it could not have made such a challenge earlier. As
observed by the Judge at [75] of the High Court GD (and see also sub-para (c)
of [5] above), the appellant should have taken one of the following steps: (a)
conduct the Experiment prior to the hearing before the Tribunal; or (b) apply
for leave during that hearing to conduct the Experiment and adduce the results
obtained as evidence before the Tribunal; or (c) at the very least, apply
sometime between the close of the hearing before the Tribunal and the date on
which the Tribunal’s Judgment was released (a period of some eight months) for
leave to conduct the Experiment and tender the results obtained to the
Tribunal. In addition, the appellant’s counsel admitted at the hearing before
the Judge that the reason why the appellant did not conduct the Experiment
earlier was because it was confident that it had distinguished D4a, which
related to a skin cream, from the Patent, which related to infant formula (see
[29] above). The appellant’s over-confidence and complacency appear to us to
be the real reasons why the appellant did not carry out the Experiment
earlier. These factors hardly give the appellant a reasonable excuse for
failing to adduce the Alleged Further Evidence in the proceedings before the
Tribunal. The decision not to carry out the Experiment earlier was a strategic
move taken by the appellant, and it now has to live by its choice. We
therefore find that the appellant has not satisfied the first of the _Ladd v
Marshall_ conditions.

32 As for second of the _Ladd v Marshall_ conditions (_viz_ , the condition
that the further evidence sought to be adduced must have an important bearing
on the result of the case, although it need not be decisive), the Judge felt
that the Alleged Further Evidence would not have had such an impact. With
respect, we do not agree with the Judge on this point. In our view, looking at
the decision of the Tribunal, it seems quite clear that the Tribunal regarded
D4a as being central to its decision. This appears from [215] of the
Tribunal’s Judgment, where the Tribunal stated:

In summary, notwithstanding some findings of novelty in some of the claims
[set out in the Patent], we find that the main claims [lack inventive step],
namely[,] claim 1 lacks inventive step given the teachings in _D4a read with
D7_ or _D4a read with D10_ , claim 2 lacks inventive step given the teachings
in _D4a read with D5a_ or _D4a read with D7_ , … and … claim 35 lacks
inventive step given the teachings in _D4a read with D5a_ or _D4a read with
D7_. All the dependent claims fail as such and we find that the invention in
the … Patent is not patentable. [underlining and emphasis in bold in original
omitted; emphasis added in italics]

33 The Judge cited some of the respondent’s submissions which purportedly
showed that “the Tribunal’s decision was that the Patent was also invalid in
view of prior art _other than_ D4[a]” [emphasis in original] (see the High
Court GD at [78]). With respect, a plain reading of the Tribunal’s Judgment
(specifically, [152] and [156] thereof) clearly shows that the Tribunal did
take into account D4a, read together with other instances of prior art cited
by the respondent, in arriving at its decision. _Prima facie_ , any evidence
which allegedly casts doubt on the accuracy of the D4a Claim would have a
significant impact on the outcome of the case. Accordingly, the second of the
_Ladd v Marshall_ conditions seems to have been fulfilled. The Judge also went
on to state (at [78] of the High Court GD) that “without enclosing any report
or result of the … [E]xperiment, the [r]espondent’s experts would be in no
position to verify the credibility of the alleged result”. It seems to us that
this point is more germane to the third of the _Ladd v Marshall_ conditions,
to which we now turn.

34 The third condition set out in _Ladd v Marshall_ is that the further
evidence sought to be adduced must be apparently credible, although it need
not be incontrovertible. As the Judge noted (see [33] above), the appellant
did not disclose any report or document which would have revealed more about
the Alleged Further Evidence. The appellant was also vague in its description
of this evidence, and merely made the bare assertion that “after repeating
[the Experiment], it was found that the oil produced by following [the
Experiment] ha[d] an Arachidonic Acid (ARA) content of _less_ than _50%_
”[note: 7] [underlining in original]. Further, as noted earlier (at sub-para
(a) of [27] above), the appellant did not give details as to when it conducted
the Experiment, how the Experiment was carried out and, significantly, the
exact ARA content of the oil produced from the Experiment (in this regard, it
was not good enough for the appellant to simply state that the oil produced
had an ARA content of less than 50%). Another relevant factor is that
although, according to the letter from the appellant’s solicitors to the court
dated 19 March 2010 (see [4] above), the appellant had _already conducted_ the
Experiment by the time the Judge heard the Interlocutory Application on 12
March 2010, the appellant nonetheless presented that application to the Judge
as an application for (_inter alia_) leave _to conduct_ the Experiment (see
[20] above). Equally perplexing is the question of why the appellant did not
inform its counsel prior to the hearing on 12 March 2010 that it had already
conducted the Experiment and, instead, made this known only after the said
hearing. In addition, as the Judge rightly pointed out (see [76] of the High
Court GD), if the Experiment had indeed been conducted prior to the hearing of
the Interlocutory Application as alleged, why did the appellant not file an
affidavit setting out the findings obtained from the Experiment? Even more
intriguing is the fact that, at the hearing before us, the appellant asked
this court to appoint an independent expert to carry out the Experiment (see
[24] above). For these reasons, we have serious doubts as to whether the
appellant had indeed carried out the Experiment as it claimed and, even if it
had done so, whether it had conducted the Experiment properly so as to obtain
credible results. In this regard, we should mention in passing that the
appellant does not appear to appreciate the importance of being absolutely
forthright with the court when seeking the court’s indulgence. In the result,
we hold that the appellant has not satisfied the third of the _Ladd v
Marshall_ conditions.

35 As discussed earlier (see [15] above), the _Ladd v Marshall_ test should
not be prescribed as a strict test for the purposes of an application to
adduce further evidence under O 87A r 13(2) of the ROC. Thus, even though the
appellant has not satisfied the _Ladd v Marshall_ test, it does not follow
that the Interlocutory Application must necessarily fail. We also need to
consider whether there are other compelling factors which justify granting the
appellant leave to adduce the Alleged Further Evidence. In this regard, the
other considerations stated by Laddie J in _Hunt-Wesson_ at 242 (see [16]
above) are relevant.

Other considerations

36 In our view, given the circumstances of this case, aside from the _Ladd v
Marshall_ conditions, the last two of the factors stated by Laddie J in _Hunt-
Wesson_ at 242 also require consideration, namely:

(a) the desirability of avoiding multiplicity of proceedings; and

(b) the public’s interest, particularly the effect of the Patent on the
market.

37 _Vis-à-vis_ the first of the aforesaid factors, what is special about trade
mark proceedings and patent proceedings (as opposed to a normal civil
litigation) is that even after an opposing party fails in its challenge to the
registration or the validity of a trade mark or patent, there is nothing to
prevent another party from later opposing the same trade mark or patent.
Therefore, to avoid multiplicity of proceedings, the court may be more
inclined to allow the first-mentioned opposing party to adduce the best
evidence available and indulge that party’s request for leave to adduce
further evidence even if the request is made at a late stage of the
proceedings. However, this factor may not necessarily apply the other way
round, _viz_ , the court may not be similarly inclined to grant indulgence to
a party who fails to obtain registration of a patent or trade mark, but who
later seeks to adduce further evidence to bolster its alleged proprietary
entitlement to register the patent or trade mark in question. This difference
in treatment between the two scenarios is, arguably, not without
justification. The first of the _Ladd v Marshall_ conditions is meant to
discourage a party from putting forth its case in a piecemeal manner and to,
in turn, punish the party wishing to adduce further evidence for its failure
to adduce that evidence at the proper time. The party asserting a proprietary
right in a patent or trade mark has the responsibility to put forth its entire
case, including all relevant material in support thereof. If it fails to do
so, it has only itself to blame. On the other hand, a party which opposes the
registration of a patent or trade mark is, to a certain extent, doing a public
service in terms of preventing unworthy inventions and products from
monopolising the market. If an unworthy invention or product is permitted to
remain on the patents register or the trade marks register, another interested
party can subsequently challenge that same invention or product, thus
engendering further litigation.

38 Turning to the second factor on public interest mentioned at [36] above, we
do not think that there is anything in the present case which favours the
appellant. On the contrary, we find that the following submission by the
respondent (_viz_ , that allowing the Alleged Further Evidence to be adduced
would cause unnecessary delay in the HC Appeal, which would in turn have
repercussions on the market) has merit:[note: 8]

[T]he public will be deprived of a more cost[-]effective and non-patented
substitute during this period [_ie_ , the period pending the resolution of the
HC Appeal], not only from the [r]espondent but very possibly also from other
market players who will most likely be withholding the sale of close
substitutes pending the outcome of the HC Appeal.

39 Thus, there is nothing in the two factors highlighted at [36] above which
would persuade us to exercise our discretion in favour of granting the
appellant leave to adduce the Alleged Further Evidence.

40 Over and above all the considerations discussed above, and even assuming
(for the purposes of the Interlocutory Application as presented to this court
_at the hearing of this appeal_ (see [24] above)) that the results of the
Experiment (as conducted by an independent expert) will turn out to be
favourable to the appellant, adducing the Alleged Further Evidence at this
late stage of the proceedings will be extremely prejudicial to the respondent.
As submitted by the respondent:[note: 9]

The time to challenge the [D4a Claim] was during the proceedings before the
Tribunal, but no action was taken by the [a]ppellant despite the fact that [it
has] been aware of the [D4a Claim] for at least the last four years. … Had the
[a]ppellant submitted the Alleged [Further] Evidence during the proceedings
before the Tribunal, the [r]espondent could have developed its evidence
differently … The [r]espondent no longer has the opportunity to do so because
the [a]ppellant is only now seeking to introduce the Alleged [Further]
Evidence against D4a at this late stage. This prejudice to the [r]espondent is
irremediable.

In the circumstances of this case (and proceeding on the basis of the
Interlocutory Application as it was presented to this court at the hearing of
this appeal), if the court were to allow the appellant’s request at this time
for the appointment of an independent expert to conduct the Experiment and
present the results obtained to the court, the court, in order to act fairly,
would also have to give the respondent substantial leeway to re-run such parts
of its case as may be necessary. This would inevitably re-open matters already
dealt with by the Tribunal, an outcome which the court can hardly countenance.
We would hasten to add that not every application for leave to adduce further
evidence in an appeal would result in such an eventuality if the application
were granted: much would depend on the nature of the case at hand, the
decision which is under appeal as well as the nature of the further evidence
sought to be adduced.

Conclusion

41 To summarise, it seems to us that the Interlocutory Application, in its
final form as presented to this court at the hearing of this appeal, is not so
much an application for leave to adduce the Alleged Further Evidence in the HC
Appeal, but, rather, an application for leave to adduce such further evidence
in aid of the appellant’s case as the appellant may be able to find. The
appellant does not appear to be certain what the results of the Experiment
will be, but is only speculating that they will be favourable to it. The
justice of the case also does not favour the appellant (see [40] above).
Therefore, we affirm the Judge’s decision and decline to grant leave either
for the appellant to adduce the Alleged Further Evidence in the HC Appeal
(taking the Interlocutory Application as it was presented at the time it was
filed and also as it was presented to the Judge), or for an independent expert
to be appointed to carry out the Experiment and then submit his findings to
the court (taking the Interlocutory Application in its final form as presented
to this court at the hearing of this appeal).

42 This appeal is, therefore, dismissed with costs and the usual consequential
orders.

* * *

[note: 1]See the Record of Appeal dated 10 June 2010 at vol 3, p 140.

[note: 2]See prayer 1 of the Interlocutory Application.

[note: 3]See para 6 of the affidavit of Ms Lim Ming Hui Eunice filed on 15
January 2010.

[note: 4]See pp 2–3 of the certified transcript of the notes of evidence of
the hearing before the Judge on 12 March 2010 (“the Notes of Evidence”).

[note: 5]See “Chronology of events relating to the Appellant’s application to
file the Evidence” dated 20 August 2010.

[note: 6]See p 2 of the Notes of Evidence.

[note: 7]See para 45 of the Appellant’s Case.

[note: 8]See para 147 of the respondent’s written case filed on 9 July 2010
(“the Respondent’s Case”).

[note: 9]See para 146 of the Respondent’s Case.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 28 Dec 2010 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

