Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  The “Makassar Caraka Jaya Niaga III-39”  
[2010] SGHC 313

Case Number| :| Admiralty in Rem No 205 of 2009 (Registrar's Appeal No 14 of
2010)  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 25 October 2010  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Tan Lee Meng J  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Toh Kian Sing SC, Leong Kah Wah and Koh See Bin (Rajah &
Tann LLP) for the appellant/plaintiff; Gan Seng Chee and Leong Kai Yuan (Ang &
Partners) for the respondent/intervener.  
Parties| :|  The "Makassar Caraka Jaya Niaga III-39"  
  
25 October 2010| Judgment reserved.  
---|---  
  
Tan Lee Meng J:

1 The appellant, ANL Singapore Ltd (“ANL”), appealed against the decision of
the Assistant Registrar to set aside the service of the Writ of Summons in the
present action against the owners of the _Makassar Caraka Jaya Niaga III-39_
(the “ _Makassar_ ”) and to stay all further proceedings in the action in
favour of foreign arbitration. The respondent intervener, PT Djakarta Lloyd
(Persero) (“PTDL”), an Indonesian state-owned company, is registered in the
Jakarta Registry of Shipping as the owner of the _Makassar_.

Background

2 On 15 May 2009, ANL instituted Admiralty in Rem No 175 of 2009 (“Adm No
175”) against the owners of the _Makassar_ to recover the sum of US$719,440.17
allegedly due to it under a slot charterparty that it concluded with PTDL on 1
January 2008. The Writ of Summons in Adm No 175 was served on the _Makassar_
on the basis that she is beneficially owned by PTDL.

3 On 16 May 2009, ANL arrested the _Makassar_.

4 After arresting the _Makassar_ , ANL instituted another action, Admiralty in
Rem No 205 of 2009 (“Adm No 205”), against the owners of the said vessel in
July 2009. In this second action against the owners of the _Makassar_ , which
is the subject matter of the present judgment, ANL claimed US$738,662.80 for
slot fees allegedly due and owing to it under invoices rendered pursuant to a
slot charterparty entitled “AAX Main Agreement”, which was entered between the
parties on 23 November 2001, read with an Addendum dated 7 September 2004 and
a Memorandum of Understanding dated 17 March 2006.

5 PTDL intervened in the action. It contended that the _Makassar_ is owned by
the State and that it is merely the state-appointed operator of the vessel.

6 In relation to Adm No 175, PTDL filed SUM No 5039 of 2009 on 24 September
2009 to have the _Makassar_ released and the arrest set aside. It also applied
in the said Summons for a stay of all proceedings in that action on the ground
that its contract with ANL required the parties to resolve their disputes
through arbitration.

7 In relation to Adm No 205, PTDL filed SUM No 5121 of 2009 on 30 September
2009 and sought an order that the service of the Writ of Summons in this
action on the vessel be set aside and that all further proceedings in this
action be stayed in favour of foreign arbitration.

8 Both the summonses in Adm No 175 and Adm No 205 were heard by the Assistant
Registrar on 15 January 2010. After hearing the parties, the Assistant
Registrar set aside the arrest of the _Makassar_ and ordered the release of
the vessel on the ground that the requirements under s 4 (4) of the High Court
(Admiralty Jurisdiction) Act (Cap 123, 2001 Rev Ed) had not been satisfied. He
also ordered that ANL’s application for default judgment and the sale of the
_Makassar_ and all further proceedings be stayed in favour of foreign
arbitration. In relation to Adm No 205, he set aside the service of the Writ
of Summons on the _Makassar_ and ordered that all further proceedings in this
action be stayed in favour of foreign arbitration.

9 Dissatisfied with the Assistant Registrar’s orders with PTDL’s SUM No 5121
of 2009 in Adm No 205, ANL appealed against his decisions.

The appeal

10 There are two issues in this appeal. The first is whether or not the
_Makassar_ is beneficially owned by PTDL. If it is not, the Writ of Summons in
Adm No 205 should not have been served on the said vessel. The issue of
beneficial ownership of the _Makassar_ was considered in my earlier judgment
in relation to Adm No 175: see [2010] SGHC 306 (“the earlier judgment”). In
that judgment, I held that the _Makassar_ is beneficially owned by PTDL and
overruled the Assistant Registrar’s decision to set aside the Writ of Summons
and release the vessel. In view of this, the question of beneficial ownership
of the _Makassar_ need not be re-considered in the present case. The Assistant
Registrar’s decision to set aside the Writ of Summons is thus overruled.

11 The second issue in this appeal relates to whether or not further
proceedings in Adm No 205 should be stayed. I held in the earlier judgment
that the contract between the parties requires disputes between them which
arise from the AAX Main Agreement to be resolved through arbitration. The
reasoning in the earlier judgment applies to the dispute in the present
proceedings, which concerns additional sums allegedly owed to ANL under the
said agreement. As such, I affirm the Assistant Registrar’s decision to stay
all further proceedings in the present case.

12 The order on costs below is set aside and each party will bear its own
costs for the appeal.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 25 Oct 2010 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

