Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Pilkadaris Terry and others _v_ Asian Tour (Tournament Players Division)
Pte Ltd and another suit  
[2010] SGHC 294

Case Number| :| Suit No 551 of 2010 (Summons No 3510 of 2010) and Suit No 624
of 2010 (Summons No 3887 of 2010)  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 06 October 2010  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Choo Han Teck J  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Christopher Anand Daniel and Ganga Avadiar (Advocatus Law
LLP) for the plaintiffs; Simon Yuen (Legal Clinic LLC) for the defendant.  
Parties| :|  Pilkadaris Terry and others — Asian Tour (Tournament Players
Division) Pte Ltd  
  
6 October 2010|  
---|---  
  
Choo Han Teck J:

1 The first to third plaintiffs in this suit are also the plaintiffs in Suit
No 624 of 2010. The fourth plaintiffs in the two suits are different as they
had taken only one action each. The plaintiffs in both suits are all
professional golfers. The issues in both suits are identical. The present
matter arose from an application by the plaintiffs for an interim injunction
pending the trial of the two suits. The defendant is the same party in both
suits.

2 The plaintiffs are all player-members of an association known as Asian Tour
Limited (“ATL”), a public company limited by guarantee. The defendant is a
private limited company limited by shares and is a wholly owned subsidiary of
ATL. The plaintiffs have no shares or interest in the defendant save in their
membership in ATL. The ATL is an association for professional golfers and one
of its main objects is to promote the welfare of the golfers. The relationship
between the ATL and its members is governed by the Memorandum & Articles of
Association of the company (“the M&A”) and the bye-laws passed by virtue of
the M&A. The bye-laws are published in the Members Handbook.

3 The plaintiffs were penalised by ATL for breaches of the bye-laws in that
they played in tournaments not sanctioned by the ATL. The plaintiffs were
fined US$5,000 for each tournament they so played, and were barred by the ATL
from playing in any ATL sanctioned tournament until the fines had been paid.
Some of the fines had not been paid.

4 The main claim by the plaintiffs in the two suits is for a declaration that
regulations 1.10 of the ATL Members Handbook 2010 is “null and void for being
in unreasonable restraint of trade”. Mr Daniel, counsel for the plaintiffs
submitted that the plaintiffs should be granted the interim relief of certain
injunctions restraining the defendant from taking any steps to prevent the
plaintiffs from playing in any golf tournament because the balance of
convenience lie in their favour. He argued that the players need to earn
professional points by playing in tournaments so that they qualify to play in
future tournaments. Furthermore, if they are not allowed to play, they will
lose the opportunity of winning prize money which in some tournaments may be
in the million dollar category. Against that, counsel submitted, the ATL can
quantify its damages by fining them for each of the tournaments they play
should the plaintiffs lose the actions.

5 That takes us to the point that Mr Yuen, counsel for the defendant submitted
– the suit should be against the ATL and not the defendant which was
incorporated to carry out the secretarial and administrative functions for the
ATL. The defendant has no contractual or any other legal relationship with the
plaintiffs or any of the more than 200 members of the ATL. I agree with Mr
Yuen. On this point alone the applications for interim relief must be refused.
It is a hole-in-one for Mr Yuen. Maybe Mr Daniel has reserved an esoteric
point in law to show that the defendant was the right party sued – but he has
not yet done so.

6 In any event, I do not think that I ought to exercise my discretion in
granting the applications although I am of the view that every sportsman
deserves a sporting chance; but sportsmen play by the rules. Pursuant to the
bye-laws the plaintiffs appealed to the appellate board constituted under the
bye-laws and they were given time to prepare their appeals. In one case the
penalty was waived and in another it was reduced. The rest were upheld by the
appellate board which included professional golfers who are also members of
the ATL (just like the plaintiffs). There was no complaint that the appeal
process was flawed or wrong. The claim was that the rule preventing them from
playing in non-sanctioned tournaments constituted an unreasonable restraint of
trade and should be nullified. One of the reasons for professional golfers to
form associations like the ATL was to gain bargaining strength with tournament
sponsors and organisers. The bye-laws help to cohere the body of professional
golfers so that the association is united and strong. The members are at
liberty to leave the association for any reason. The plaintiffs, however, had
all chosen to renew their annual membership this year. The plaintiffs are
entitled to challenge the legality of the bye-laws, but that is a matter for
the trial. On the face of the available evidence and arguments, the plaintiffs
may have an arguable case, although not a convincing one (against the ATL).

7 The plaintiffs’ case was not strictly a restraint of trade clause that
applies after an employee leaves the employer’s employ. This was a case of the
members challenging the bye-laws of an association they had joined. I am not
persuaded at this point that the court should decide whether the bye-law in
question was unreasonable, and even if so, whether it ought to be nullified by
the court. The courts would not interfere with an association’s bye-laws
especially if no effort had been made by the members to challenge them within
the regulations themselves. Hence, if the plaintiffs are right they have to
produce a stronger argument at trial.

8 Although it may appear that there was ostensibly little for the ATL to lose
if the plaintiffs were allowed to play in non-sanctioned tournaments, the
authority of the ATL would be undermined. The rules are clear and the majority
of the players understand and are abiding by them. The plaintiffs want the
chance to win millions of dollars in prize money which they get to keep
because the ATL would not be entitled to them as damages in the event that the
plaintiffs lose the suits. This was a superficially attractive argument based
on the balance of convenience, but at the moment, for the arguments submitted,
I do not think that the plaintiffs have a case on the merits. If they were to
succeed at trial, it will not be on the arguments and the evidence presently
before me. I was therefore of the view that no interim injunction would be
justified and the applications under both suits were dismissed, with costs in
the cause.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 06 Oct 2010 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

