Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Yip Min-Ting _v_ Public Prosecutor  
[2010] SGHC 23

Case Number| :| Magistrate's Appeal No 30 of 2009  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 19 January 2010  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Choo Han Teck J  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Spencer Gwee Hak Theng (Spencer Gwee & Co) for the
appellant; Aedit Abdullah (Deputy Public Prosecutor) for the respondent.  
Parties| :|  Yip Min-Ting — Public Prosecutor  
  
19 January 2010|  
---|---  
  
Choo Han Teck J:

1 At the time of the offence, the appellant was a 26-year old senior writer
(earning $2,200 a month) for a wine and dine magazine. She would visit fashion
shops to find clothes for her articles in the magazine. One of the shops from
which she obtained clothes for that purpose was the “Eclecticism” store owned
by one Miss Chang. The appellant would take clothing attire from shops like
Eclecticism and return them after she had completed her article. The
transactions were recorded as loans by the shop and a loan form would be
completed and signed, a copy of which would be retained by the appellant and
the shop respectively. On 14 November 2007 she went to the Eclecticism Store
to return a camisole that she had previously taken on loan for her
professional purposes. The shop assistant had difficulty looking for the
shop’s copy of the loan receipt and contacted Miss Chang who returned to the
shop to look for the receipt. The trial judge found that in the course of her
time in the shop there appeared to be two other topics the appellant exchanged
with Miss Chang. First, Miss Chang noticed that the camisole was stained and
wanted the appellant to clean it. Secondly, the appellant said that she was
not borrowing anything new that day. However, on the same day, at 5pm the
sales assistant found a blue jumper under the label of “Twelfth Street by
Cynthia Vincent” and valued at $510 missing from the racks. She reported this
to Miss Chang who checked the closed circuit television (“CCTV”) footage. From
the CCTV footage, the appellant was seen taking the blue jumper and a white
dress to the counter. She had several bags with her at the time. She was seen
examining the blue jumper while the sales assistant appeared to be looking for
the previous loan receipt. The trial judge noted that the appellant was seen
“quickly folding the garment and placing it into her bag” ([2009] SGDC 141 at
[8]). Miss Chang reported the matter to the police at 7.11pm, alleging that
the appellant had left the shop with the blue jumper without paying for it.
The appellant was arrested and charged under s 379 of the Penal Code (Cap 224,
2008 Rev Ed) for theft of the blue jumper. The appellant was convicted after
the trial and fined $1,500.

2 The appellant appealed against conviction and sentence. Mr Gwee, counsel for
the appellant, submitted that the appellant was distracted by thoughts on her
work and the stain on the camisole and so did not record the loan of the blue
jumper. Counsel said that the blue jumper was left at the appellant’s desk at
the office openly because she intended to use it for her article over the next
few days. Counsel submitted that there was no intention to steal because the
appellant was familiar with the shop and knew that there was a CCTV. He said
that the CCTV was so obviously placed that no one could miss it. Hence, he
argued that no one would have attempted to steal anything in full view of the
camera. Counsel submitted that the appellant’s case was that she never said
that she was not borrowing any clothing that day. The only evidence of that
was from the testimony of the sales assistant and Miss Chang. The sound
recording from the CCTV was played over in court several times but the court
could not make out any statement by the appellant that she was not borrowing
any clothes. Counsel submitted that the conversation between the appellant and
Miss Chang centred on the stained camisole. He argued that the trial judge
erred when he repeatedly referred to the appellant’s statement that she was
not borrowing anything that day.

3 The appeal against conviction was entirely on a finding of fact which was
ably argued by counsel. The evidence was such that had the trial judge given
the appellant the benefit of the doubt there would be little to question.
However, in spite of the factors raised by counsel, the evidence was
sufficient for a finder of fact in this case to conclude that the offence had
been proved beyond reasonable doubt. The trial judge could have justified his
finding on his acceptance of the testimonies of the sales assistant and Miss
Chang. There was insufficient evidence on record to entitle an appeal court to
overturn that finding. The appeal against conviction was therefore dismissed.

4 Mr Gwee asked that the fine be set aside and a probation order made instead.
In view of the appellant’s hitherto unblemished record and the nature and
circumstances of the offence, including the value of the item taken and the
possible consequences of the sentence on the appellant’s career, I called for
a probation report. The report was duly submitted. The report set out the
appellant’s academic record which includes a Bachelor of Arts degree from the
National University of Singapore, and further courses in fashion and
journalism from the University of the Arts London. The appellant’s record in
school showed her to be diligent, talented and mature. The probation report
made no adverse findings and recorded mostly a penitent person. The reporting
officer recommended supervised probation for 6 months with 40 hours of
community service. I was of the view that that was a sound recommendation and
so I substituted the fine with a probation order with the recommended
community service.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 19 Jan 2010 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

