Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Tang Chay Seng _v_ Tung Yang Wee Arthur  
[2010] SGHC 229

Case Number| :| Suit No 953 of 2008 (Summons No 969 of 2010)  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 10 August 2010  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Tan Lee Meng J  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Deepak Natverlal (Yong Koh & Partners) for the plaintiff;
Defendant, in person.  
Parties| :|  Tang Chay Seng — Tung Yang Wee Arthur  
  
10 August 2010|  
---|---  
  
Tan Lee Meng J:

1 This application was made shortly after the end of the trial involving a
dispute between the plaintiff, Mr Tang Chay Seng (“TCS”), and his nephew, the
defendant, Mr Tung Yang Wee, Arthur (“Arthur”). The dispute was over an
alleged breach of the former’s registered trade marks by the latter and
allegations of passing off. Arthur applied to amend his pleadings. I allowed
the application and set out below the reasons for my decision.

2 TCS, who operated a pork noodle stall known as “Hill Street Tai Hwa Pork
Noodles” at Apt Blk 465 Crawford Lane #01-12, Singapore 190465, was the
registered proprietor of two trade marks in relation to his business. His
trade marks included the words Hill Street Tai Hwa Pork Noodle, Chinese
characters (namely “???” and “???????”) as well as graphic depictions of a
suspension bridge and a bowl of noodles with chopsticks. Arthur’s pork noodle
stall at VivoCity Food Court (the “VivoCity Stall”) used a signboard with the
Chinese characters “???”, as well as Korean and Japanese characters not found
in TCS’s trade marks. Furthermore, Arthur’s sign had no English words and no
depiction of either a suspension bridge or a bowl of noodles with chopsticks.
Arthur, who appeared in person, pleaded that he had not infringed TCS’s trade
marks and that he was not liable for passing off.

3 During the trial, Arthur applied for leave to amend his Defence and
Counterclaim in two ways. First, he sought to plead that TCS had consented to
his use of the sign “???” for the VivoCity Stall. The reason for this
amendment was obvious. Under s 27(1) of the Trade Marks Act (Cap 332, 2005 Rev
Ed) (“the Act”), a trade mark is infringed only if a mark is used without the
consent of its registered proprietor.

4 Secondly, as one of the issues in the passing off action concerned Arthur’s
of TCS’s culinary awards in an advertisement in the _Lianhe Zaobao_ on 5
November 2008, Arthur sought to amend his Defence to assert that TCS had
consented to the use by him of the culinary awards.

5 As Arthur did not file an affidavit in support of his application to amend
his Defence and Counterclaim, the hearing of the application to amend his
pleadings was adjourned until he had filed the said affidavit. The amendment
application was therefore heard on 8 April 2010, after the trial had been
completed.

6 In his affidavit in support of his application Arthur stated at paras 3, 4
and 7 as follows:

3 I am a layman and have no training in the legal field.

4 I realise now that my Defence and Counterclaim had been too brief …. As a
layman, I just realised that my explanation was inadequate in the foresaid
document and I failed to show how evidence submitted to this Honourable Court
is relevant….

7 The amendment that I sought is also consistent with the content of my
[affidavit of evidence-in-chief] dated 20th January 2010. Even though
amendment is coming in at a late stage, Mr Deepak Natverlal had the
opportunity to cross-examine me on these amendments during trial. Therefore,
the plaintiff will not be prejudiced since Mr Deepak had been afforded a
sufficient opportunity to address the substance of the amendment.

Whether the application should be allowed

7 O 20 r 5(1) of the Rules of Court (Cap 322, R 5, 2006 Rev Ed) provides as
follows:

Subject to Order 15 Rules 6, 6A, 7 and 8, and this Rule, the Court may at any
stage of the proceedings allow the plaintiff to amend his writ, or any party
to amend his pleading, on such terms as to costs or otherwise as my be just
and in such manner (if any) as it may direct.

8 Whether an amendment to pleadings should be allowed is a matter of
discretion for the trial judge. The approach that courts should take with
respect to amendment of pleadings was outlined by the Court of Appeal in
_Wright Norman and another v Oversea-Chinese Banking Corp Ltd_ [1993] 3 SLR(R)
640, at [6] as follows:

It is trite law that an amendment which would enable the real issues between
the parties to be tried should be allowed subject to penalties on costs and
adjournment, if necessary, unless the amendment would cause injustice or
injury to the opposing party which could not be compensated by costs or
otherwise: see _Cropper v Smith_ (1884) 26 Ch D 700; _Tildesley v Harper_
(1878) 10 Ch D 393. This is so even though the omission was caused by
carelessness or the application for amendment was made very late in the day:
_per_ Brett MR in _Clarapede & Co v Commercial Union Association_ [1883] 32 WR
262 at 263.

9 The Court of Appeal added at [23] that the most important question the court
must ask itself is whether or not the ends of justice are served by allowing
the proposed amendments.

10 It does not always follow that an amendment should be allowed where the
other party can be compensated with costs. In _Ketteman v Hansel Properties
Ltd_ [1987] AC 189 (“ _Ketteman”_) Lord Griffiths, who pointed out, at 220,
that “justice cannot always be measured in terms of money” explained as
follows:

[A] judge is entitled to weigh in the balance the strain the litigation
imposes on litigants, particularly if they are personal litigants rather than
business corporations, the anxieties occasioned by facing new issues, the
raising of false hopes, and the legitimate expectation that the trial will
determine the issues one way or the other.

11 The courts have been careful to differentiate between an amendment that
merely clarifies an issue in dispute and one that raises a totally different
issue at too late a stage. As Lords Griffiths said in _Ketteman_ , at 220, “to
allow an amendment before a trial begins is quite different from allowing it
at the end of the trial to give an apparently unsuccessful defendant an
opportunity to renew the fight on an entirely different defence.”

12 _Ketteman_ has been applied in a number of cases in Singapore: see _Sin
Leng Industries Pte Ltd v Ong Chai Teck and others_ [2006] 2 SLR(R) 235, Lam
Soon Oil and Soap Manufacturing Sdn Bhd and another v Whang Tar Choung and
another [2001] 3 SLR(R) 451 and Hong Leong Finance Ltd v Famco (S) Pte Ltd and
others [1992] 2 SLR(R) 224.

13 The present case was rather different from the situation envisaged in
_Ketteman_. Here, although the trial had been completed, no new evidence was
required in relation to the proposed amendment to introduce the defence of
consent to the use of an allegedly infringing trade mark. The facts pertaining
to the proposed defence of consent were fully stated in Arthur’s affidavit of
evidence-in-chief (“AEIC”). In his AEIC, Arthur stated that TCS had given his
consent to the use of “???” by him for the VivoCity Stall when he and his
father met TCS on 31 July 2008\. Furthermore, Arthur referred to a
congratulatory message that had accompanied a pot of flowers sent by TCS to
him when he started the VivoCity Stall. He pointed out that TCS’s
congratulatory message, which was addressed to “???”, had included the words
“May your business prosper”. Thus, Arthur asserted that TCS did not mind the
use by him of “???”.

14 TCS’s counsel, Mr Deepak Natverlal (“Mr Natverlal”), cross-examined Arthur
on his assertions that TCS had consented to his use of the name“???”. Arthur’s
father, Mr Tung Chye Hong, was also cross-examined on the issue of consent.
Apart from questioning Arthur on TCS’s alleged consent to the use of the name
“???” for the VivoCity Stall, Mr Natverlal also cross-examined Arthur on TCS’s
congratulatory message.

15 TCS was also given an opportunity to address the issue of the
congratulatory message. He was cross-examined by Arthur on the message and
during the trial, his counsel reiterated that his position was that despite
the congratulatory message, he had not consented to the use by Arthur of the
sign “???”.

16 As for whether TCS had consented to Arthur’s use of his culinary awards to
advertise the VivoCity Stall, Arthur claimed in his AEIC that he had had TCS’s
“general consent” to use the said awards. He stated in his AEIC at paras 69,
71, 73, 74 and 81 that:

69 At the same time when passing me the original certificates, my uncle did
not see the point about keeping them as he said that

“die already also cannot bring along”

…

71 He was of the opinion that his sons (being disinterested in his noodle
business) could not care less about the certificates. He wanted me to have
them because he knew I treasured them.

…

73 …. He told me to put them to good use.

74 He said that if they were used, at least these certificates and awards
could keep him alive in the memory of the general public.

…

81 I understood from this discussion with my uncle that I may use the
certificates to develop the family’s pork noodle business so that it does not
die out after him.

17 As the issue of consent had been outlined in Arthur’s AEIC and ventilated
at the trial, to allow Arthur to amend his pleadings to include the issue of
consent would have enabled the real issues between the parties to be tried
without causing any injustice or injury to TCS which could not be compensated
by costs. As the ends of justice would have been served by allowing the
proposed amendments, I allowed Arthur’s application and awarded costs to TCS.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 10 Aug 2010 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

