Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Lee Shieh-Peen Clement and another _v_ Ho Chin Nguang and others  
[2010] SGHC 12

Case Number| :| Suit No 285 of 2009 (Summons No 6045 of 2009)  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 12 January 2010  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Philip Pillai JC  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  S Rasanathan and Luo Ling Ling (Colin Ng & Partners LLP)
for the plaintiffs; Julia Yeo Heem Lain (Robert Wang & Woo LLC) for the
defendants.  
Parties| :|  Lee Shieh-Peen Clement and another — Ho Chin Nguang and others  
  
12 January 2010| Judgment reserved.  
---|---  
  
Philip Pillai JC:

Background

1 This is a summons filed by the Plaintiffs, having obtained leave of the
Honourable Justice Judith Prakash on 17 November 2009, for a committal of the
first and second Defendants, Ho Chin Nguang and Ng Sow Moi, for their contempt
of the orders of this Honourable Court dated 7 April 2009 and 31 July 2009
(the “Order”), by failing to inform the Plaintiffs’ solicitors in writing,
within the requisite time limit or at all of:

(a) the value and details of all their assets whether in or outside Singapore
by way of an affidavit, which was to have been served on the Plaintiffs’
solicitors within seven (7) days after the respective Orders had been served
on the First and Second Defendants; and

(b) the source of the money used before spending the same in the amount
specifically limited by this Honourable Court for their expenditure on
ordinary living and legal expenses.

2 The interim Mareva injunction was granted on 7 April 2009 against all three
Defendants. It was replaced by a final Mareva injunction granted on 31 July
2009 against only the first and second Defendants.

Terms of this Mareva Injunction

3 The materially relevant terms of the final Mareva injunction are as follows:

**Disposal of assets**

1\. (1) The 1st and 2nd Defendants must not:

(a) remove from Singapore, in any way dispose of or deal with or diminish the
value of their assets which are in Singapore whether in their own name(s) or
not and whether solely or jointly owned up to the value of SGD $5,100,000; or

(b) in any way dispose of or deal with or diminish the value of any of their
assets whether they are in or outside Singapore whether in their own name(s)
or not and whether solely or jointly owned up to the same value.

(2) This prohibition includes the following assets, in particular:

(a) the property known as 57 Hume Avenue, #07-08 Parc Palais Singapore 598753
or the net sale proceeds if it has been sold;

(b) any money in any sole or joint bank account(s) situated in Singapore, or
elsewhere, as per Schedule 2:

(c) the 1st Defendant’s Seletar Country Club membership;

(d) the following Vehicles owed (_sic_) by the 1st and 2nd Defendants:

(i) BMW with Vehicle Registration No. SFF 80 R; and

(ii) Toyota MPV with Vehicle Registration No. SBJ 80 S.

(e) the following watches owed (_sic_) by the 1st Defendant:

(i) Roger Dubui diamond studded watch; and

(ii) Cartier rose gold watch.

(3) If the total unencumbered value of the 1st and 2nd Defendants’ assets in
Singapore exceed SGD $5,100,000.00, the 1st and 2nd Defendants may remove any
of those assets from Singapore or may dispose of or deal with them so long as
the total unencumbered value of the assets still in Singapore remains not less
than SGD $5,100,000.00.

(4) If the total unencumbered value of the 1st and 2nd Defendants’ assets in
Singapore does not exceed SGD $5,100,000.00, the 1st and 2nd Defendants must
not remove any of those assets from Singapore and must not dispose of or deal
with any of them, but if they have other assets outside Singapore, the 1st and
2nd Defendants may dispose of or deal with those assets as long as the total
unencumbered value of all his assets whether in or outside Singapore remains
not less than SGD $5,100,000.00.

**Disclosure of information**

2\. The 1st and 2nd Defendants must inform the Plaintiffs in writing at once
of all their assets whether in or outside Singapore whether in their own
name(s) or not and whether solely or jointly owned, giving the value, location
and details of all such assets. The information must be confirmed in an
affidavit which must be served on the Plaintiffs’ solicitors within seven (7)
days after this order has been served on the 1st and 2nd Defendants.

**EXCEPTIONS TO THIS ORDER**

3\. This order does not prohibit the 1st and 2nd Defendants from spending
$1,500.00 a week towards their ordinary living expenses and also $1,500.00 a
week _or_ a reasonable sum on legal advice and representation. But before
spending any money the 1st and 2nd Defendants concerned must tell the
Plaintiffs’ solicitors where the money is to come from.

4\. This order does not prohibit the 1st and 2nd Defendants from dealing with
or disposing of any of their assets in the ordinary and proper course of
business. The 1st and 2nd Defendants shall account to the Plaintiffs within
three (3) weeks for the amount of money spent in this regard.

5\. The 1st and 2nd Defendants may agree with the Plaintiffs’ solicitors that
the above spending limits should be increased or that this order should be
varied in any other respect by (_sic_) any such agreement must be in writing.

**…**

**THIRD PARTIES**

**8\. Effects of this order**

It is a contempt of Court for any person notified of this order to knowingly
assist in or permit a breach of this order. Any person doing so may be sent to
prison or fined.

**9\. Effect of this order outside Singapore**

The terms of this order do not affect or concern anyone outside the
jurisdiction of this Court until it is declared enforceable or is enforced by
a Court in the relevant country and then they are to affect him only to the
extent they have been declared enforceable or have been enforced UNLESS such
person is:

(1) a person to whom this order is addressed or an officer or an agent
appointed by power of attorney of such a person;

(2) a person who is subject to the jurisdiction of this Court; and

(a) has been given written notice of this order at his residence or place of
business within the jurisdiction of this Court; and

(b) is able to prevent acts or omissions outside the jurisdiction of this
Court which constitute or assist in a breach of the terms of this order.

**10\. Assets located outside Singapore**

Nothing in this order shall, in respect of assets located outside Singapore,
prevent any third party from complying with:

(1) what it reasonably believes to be its obligations, contractual or
otherwise, under the laws and obligations of the country or state in which
those assets are situated or under the proper law of any contract between
itself and the Defendants; and

(2) any orders of the Courts of that country or state, provided that
reasonable notice of any application for such an order is given to the
Plaintiffs’ solicitors.

The law on Mareva injunctions and committal proceedings

4 The relevant considerations in relation to this application for committal
are the first principles of Mareva injunctions and the scope and purpose of
the exceptions contained in such injunctions. In _Polly Peck International plc
v Nadir_ (_No 2_) [1992] 4 All ER 769 (“ _Polly Peck_ (_No 2_)”), Lord
Donaldson of Lymington MR stated (at 785):

So far as it lies in their power, the courts will not permit the course of
justice to be frustrated by a defendant taking action, the purpose of which is
to render nugatory or less effective any judgment or order which the plaintiff
may thereafter obtain. … It is not the purpose of a Mareva injunction to
prevent a defendant acting as he would have acted in the absence of a claim
against him. Whilst a defendant who is a natural person can and should be
enjoined from indulging in a spending spree undertaken with the intention of
dissipating or reducing his assets before the day of judgment, he cannot be
required to reduce his ordinary standard of living with a view to putting by
sums to satisfy a judgment which may or may not be given in the future.
Equally no defendant, whether a natural or juridical person, can be enjoined
in terms which will prevent him from carrying on his business in the ordinary
way or from meeting his debts or other obligations as they come due prior to
judgment being given in the action.

5 The relevant considerations relating to committal proceedings bear
restatement. J Pinsler, _Singapore Court Practice 2009_ (LexisNexis, 2009)
states at para 52/1/2 and para 52/2/1:

As a general principle, the judgment creditor is expected to use alternative
enforcement methods before contemplating committal. Even if those methods have
been engaged without success, the court will not commit the judgment debtor
unless there is credible evidence that the debtor’s non-compliance was wilful
in the sense that he refused or neglected to pay in spite of his ability to do
so (_Khoo Wai Leong, Ronnie v Andrew J Hanam_ [2003] SGMC 41, para 35;) …

The other purpose of the order is to punish the offender for his contempt (_Re
Barrell Enterprises_ [1973] 1 WLR 19). …

Committal to prison is normally a measure of last resort. Other options are
available to the court, and often the exercise of its discretion will be based
on the attitude of the offender. If he is apologetic and promises to comply
with the court order (or if he has already complied with it since the service
on him of the notion of motion for committal), the court may merely reprimand
him in strong terms. If he has yet to comply with the order, the court may
warn him that unless he does so he will be imprisoned.

In _Syarikat M Mohamed v Mahindapal Singh_ [1991] 2 MLJ 112 at 114, K C Vohrah
J stated that: ‘… since committal proceedings are quasi-criminal proceedings
and the liberty of the subject is involved, the procedural rules applicable
must be strictly enforced.’ The point is that the person against whom the
committal proceedings are brought, ‘needs to know with particularity what
charge or charges they are faced with, charges which can land them in prison.’
The learned judge ruled that as it is the specific purpose of the statement to
include these grounds, any omission to do so cannot be made good by setting
them out in the affidavit, the purpose of which is to merely verify the
statement. … (See _Cartier International BV v Lee Hock Lee_ [1993] 1 SLR 616.)

6 In _P J Holdings Inc v Ariel Singapore Pte Ltd_ [2009] 3 SLR 582 at [7],
Choo Han Teck J stated:

Order 45 r 5 (1)(a) applies only when “a person required by a judgment or
order to do an act within a time specified in the judgment or order _refuses
or neglects_ to do it.” … In _Re Quintin Dick_ [1926] Ch 992, Romer J held
that the term “refuse or neglect” was not equivalent to “fail or omit”, and
that the former implied a conscious act of volition whereas the latter did
not. In _Ng Tai Tuan v Chng Gim Huat Pte Ltd_ [1990] SLR 903, Chao Hick Tin JC
(as he then was) expressed the view that the word “neglect” necessarily
implies some element of fault. He cited the case of _Re London & Paris Banking
Corp_ (1874) 19 Eq 444 where Jessel MR said, at p 446:

… the word ‘neglected’ is not necessarily equivalent to the word ‘omitted’.
Negligence is a term which is well known in law. Negligence in paying a debt
on demand, as I understand, is omitting to pay without reasonable excuse. Mere
omission by itself does not amount to negligence.

The word “refuse” has also been similarly defined. In _DP Vijandran v Majlis
Peguam_ [1995] 2 MLJ 391, the court noted that “[t]he ordinary meaning of the
word refuse is to decline to give”, and that “failure is not synonymous with
refusal.” Similar sentiments were also expressed by the tribunal in _Lowson v
Percy Main & District Social Club_ [1979] ICR 568. I agree with the foregoing
cases. …

First alleged breach of this Mareva Injunction

7 The Plaintiffs claim in their application that:

1\. The lst and 2nd Defendants … by failing to inform the Plaintiffs'
solicitors in writing, within the requisite time limit or at all:

(1) of the value and details of all their assets whether in or outside
Singapore by way of an affidavit which was to have been served on the
Plaintiffs' solicitors within seven (7) days after the respective Orders had
been served on the lst and 2nd Defendants; …

The substance of the failure complained of relates to the expenditure from
undeclared source(s) of funds. The undeclared source(s) of fund, it is claimed
is evidenced by a number of events including the minimal withdrawals from
their disclosed bank accounts from 4 May to 9 September 2009, their
solicitor’s requesting an increase in combined limit of S$6,000 for ordinary
living expenses and the subsequent deposit of S$67,097 into their disclosed
POSB bank account.

8 The first Defendant admits in his affidavit that between June and November
2009 he spent about S$16,115.27 to S$19,615.27 a month. However, he also
explained in his affidavit that he had subsequently received IDR 134,819,900
by way of a monthly cash allowance from PT Mega Fortune for his role as an
advisor and Vice Chairman.

9 As the Defendants’ disclosed assets are insufficient to cover the
Plaintiffs’ claim, the Plaintiffs counter-argued that the Order extends to
assets to be acquired in the future.

10 Clause 2 of this Mareva injunction by its own terms requires a one-off
disclosure by an affidavit a list of assets and this has been done. By its
express terms it does not stand as a primary or a continuing order to
regularly update after acquired assets. In any event, the subsequent receipt
of monthly allowance in cash after the due submission of the affidavit of
assets as required by the Mareva injunction, does not by its very nature
constitute an undisclosed asset that was required to be disclosed by the terms
of this Mareva injunction, in particular Clause 2.

11 I am of the view that Clause 1(4) of this Mareva injunction by its terms
operates only to restrict the disposal or dealing of disclosed assets. It
contemplates a diminution of the disclosed assets. Even if a liberal
construction of this Mareva injunction were warranted, such that there is
construed to be a continuing obligation to update and disclose after acquired
assets, this monthly cash allowance does not by its nature constitute an
asset. I therefore find that there was no breach arising from such receipt of
a monthly allowance.

Second alleged breach of this Mareva Injunction

12 The Plaintiffs further claim that the first and second Defendants had
failed to provide the Plaintiffs’ solicitors with the value and details of the
assets comprising of their disclosed shareholdings in a number of private
companies.

13 It was conceded that the Defendants had provided the latest available
financial statements relating to the Singapore, BVI, Indonesian and Chinese
private and unlisted companies in which they have an interest and which were
already disclosed in the affidavit of assets. The Plaintiffs submit that this
was not sufficient compliance as the Defendants are, additionally, obliged to
provide either their own estimate of the value or an independent valuation of
the same.

14 Bearing in mind that the shares are of private companies in multiple
jurisdictions, no additional commercial purpose can be served by requiring the
Defendants to provide their estimate of the value when the Plaintiffs have
been given the relevant financial statements and were able to arrive at their
own conclusion as to the valuation of those assets. To require the Defendants
to take the further step of procuring independent valuations of unlisted
companies would be unduly onerous considering the interlocutory nature and the
purpose of granting a Mareva injunction. I accordingly find no breach as
claimed by the Plaintiffs.

Third alleged breach of this Mareva Injunction

15 The Plaintiffs’ application further claims that the Defendants have failed
to inform the Plaintiffs’ solicitors in writing, within the requisite time
limit or at all of the source of the money used before spending the same in
the amount specifically limited by this Honourable Court for their expenditure
on ordinary living and legal expenses _to wit_ that they have breached the
spending limits by reason of their admitted monthly expenditure of S$16,115.27
to S$19,615.27.

16 As the first Defendant had already explained in his affidavit, these
amounts were monthly cash allowances received subsequently to the filing of
his affidavit of assets due to his role as advisor and Vice Chairman of PY
Mega Fortune. Given that his interest in PY Mega Fortune has been duly
disclosed in his affidavit of assets, and also he has not drawn on or
dissipated the bank accounts and assets disclosed in his affidavit of assets,
it would be a stretch to conclude that he is to be subject to committal
proceedings by virtue of receiving subsequent advances or gifts which, I have
already determined, do not constitute assets for the purposes of this Mareva
injunction.

17 As I do not find there to have been a contumelious breach of the Orders in
the circumstances, the application is denied.

18 No order as to costs.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 12 Jan 2010 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

