Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Gateway 21 Consultants Pte Ltd _v_ Gateway 21 Pte Ltd  
[2010] SGHC 289

Case Number| :| District Court Appeal No 7 of 2010  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 30 September 2010  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Kan Ting Chiu J  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Lim Joo Toon (Joo Toon & Co) for the appellant; Solomon
Richard (Solomon Richard & Co) for the respondent  
Parties| :|  Gateway 21 Consultants Pte Ltd — Gateway 21 Pte Ltd  
  
30 September 2010|  
---|---  
  
Kan Ting Chiu J:

1 This matter arose out of the sale of a business engaged in providing
corporate secretariat, business advisory and courier services. The vendor of
the business is the plaintiff in the original action and the respondent in the
appeal. The purchaser is the defendant in the original action and the
appellant in this appeal. I shall refer to the vendor as the respondent and
the purchaser as the appellant.

2 The conditions of the sale were incorporated in an agreement dated 5 October
2004 (“the sale agreement”). The consideration for the sale of the business
was agreed to be $200,000, and the date for the transfer of the business was
set at 1 January 2005. The purchase price was to be paid in instalments, with
the last instalment to be paid on 31 December 2006.

3 The respondent’s action against the appellant was for $110,000 of the agreed
purchase price which was not paid. The appellant denied that it was liable to
make the payment, and counterclaimed against the respondent for a refund of
$68,062.11 due from the payment of $90,000 it had paid to the respondent,
$29,898.97, being the amount the respondent billed before 1 January 2005, the
date of transfer under the sale agreement, and another sum of $29,552.63 for
payments billed and received by the respondent in 2005, and for damages for
breach of contract for competing against the appellant.

4 The claims and the counterclaim went on for hearing before a District Judge
(“DJ”). The respondent’s claim was allowed and the appellant’s claims for the
sums of $68,062.11 and $29,898.97 were disallowed while the claim for
$29,552.63 was allowed. The appellant has appealed against the DJ’s decision.
The respondent has not appealed against it.

The Guaranteed Annual Turnover (“GAT”)

5 The foremost issue between the parties is the GAT. Clause 3.1 of the sale
agreement set out the schedule of payment and specified that payment was:

... subject to the turnover of the business as follows:

(k)for the year ending 31st December 2005: Singapore dollars One Hundred and
Eighty Thousand (S$180,000.00); and

(l)for the year ending 31st December 2006: Singapore dollars Two Hundred and
Twenty Thousand (S$220,000.00).

6 The GAT was referred to in the sale agreement again in cl 13.5, _inter alia_
that:

13.5 The Vendor warrants and guarantees inter alia as follows:

(a) (i) the annual turnover of the Business for the year ending 31st December
2005 shall be Singapore Dollars One Hundred and Eighty Thousand
(S$180,000.00); and

(ii) the annual turnover of the Business for the year ending 31st December
2006 shall be Singapore Dollars Two Hundred and Twenty Thousand
(S$220,000.00).

7 The major grievance of the appellant was that the GAT was not achieved. It
complained that there were shortfalls in the GAT for the two years[note: 1]:

Year ending |  GAT |  Amount achieved |  Shortfall  
---|---|---|---  
2005 |  $180,000 |  $125,966.89 |  $54,033.11  
2006 |  $220,000 |  $91,354.00 |  _$128,646.00_  
Total shortfall: |  _$182,679.11_  
  
  

The effect of the GAT provisions

8 The effect of the aforementioned clauses was an issue at the trial. The DJ
found that there was no actionable agreement on the GAT. He declared that:

I am of the view that, like a representation, the supposed guaranteed annual
turnover was really in the nature of a salesman’s puff and not an actionable
warranty.[note: 2]

9 In my view, however, he had failed to give effect to the clear and
unequivocal meaning of cl 3.1 and cl 13.5, and was wrong in ruling that the
provisions were not enforceable.

10 It was clear that the agreement on the GAT was intended to be enforceable
because the sale agreement had gone further to make it clear that a failure to
meet the GAT would bring on consequences. Clause 3.2 provided that:

In the event that the actual annual turnover of the Business is less than the
amounts specified in clauses 3.1(k) and (l), it is hereby agreed that the
Consideration required to be paid by the Purchaser in progress payments as
specified above shall be adjusted by way of set-off and/or deduction in the
next progress payment due to the Vendor and the amount to be adjusted shall be
the difference between the Vendor’s Guaranteed Annual Turnover and the actual
annual turnover achieved by the Purchaser for the relevant year.

Whether there were shortfalls in the GAT

11 The sale agreement made provision for the ascertainment of the actual
annual turnovers attained. Clause 3.8 provided that:

The Vendor and the Purchaser agree that in order to ascertain and confirm the
actual annual turnover achieved by the Purchaser, the Purchaser shall furnish
to the Vendor copies of invoices, bank deposits and credit notes,
correspondence with the clientele during the 24 months’ period from the
Transfer date.

12 The appellant did not go through that process and pleaded in its defence
that:

... The Defendants say that they had written to the Plaintiffs on or about 18
October 2005, after 1 year from the execution of the Agreement tabulating the
_estimated annual turnovers_ and the shortfalls from the Guaranteed Annual
Turnover and pursuant to the terms of the Agreement, that the Purchase Price
and the balance of payment outstanding would consequently have to be revised,
reduced and suspended accordingly.[note: 3]

[Emphasis added]

13 The letter of 18 October 2005 is an important document because it showed
that the appellant believed that it can rely on its estimated GAT shortfall to
regulate the contractual obligations. In the letter, the appellant had set out
the estimated shortfall in the GAT:

_Estimated Shortfall in Guaranteed Turnover_

|  _Guaranteed Amount_ |  _Expected Billing_ |  _Estimated Shortfall_  
---|---|---|---  
|  S$ |  S$ |  S$  
Year 2005 |  180,000 |  149,370 |  30,630  
Year 2006 |  220,000 |  119,600 |  _100,400_  
|  |  |  _131,030_  
  
  

and it went on to inform the respondent that:

... in view of the estimated revised purchase consideration maybe lesser than
the amount paid to-date, we shall suspend all payment from now until 31
December 2006. Upon finalisation of all the billings up to 31 December 2006,
we will make good any shortfall to you. In the event that there is an
overpayment, we reserve the right to claim back the overpayment amount from
you.

14 This part of the letter also showed that the appellant did not repudiate
the agreement as the respondent had maintained, and was seeking only to
suspend payment of the instalment payments, and had not decided to stop
payments. That raises a question whether the respondent can sue for full
payment of the purchase price which was due on 31 December 2006 when it
commenced action in July 2006. However, no issue was raised, and this question
was not addressed by counsel or the DJ at the trial, or counsel at the appeal.

15 In the Defence and Counterclaim, the GAT shortfall based on ‘actual
turnover’ was set out in para 32 as:

_Year Ending_ |  _Guaranteed Turnover_ |  _Actual Turnover_ |  _Shortfall_  
---|---|---|---  
31/12/2005 |  S$180,000.00 |  S$125,966.89 |  S$54,033.11  
31/12/2006 |  S$220,000.00 |  S$ 95,971.00 |  S$124,029.00  
  
  

The two shortfall figures added up to a total of $178,062.11. On this basis
the appellant claimed $68,062.11, as the amount due to it after setting off
the $110,000 of the unpaid purchase price. In the evidence adduced at the
trial, this head of claim was quantified at $72,679.11[note: 4] and the
difference in the sum claimed was not explained by the appellant.

16 The appellant had obviously overlooked that under cl 3.8 it had to forward
to the respondent copies of the invoices, bank deposits and credit notes and
correspondence with the clientele. In addition to that it had made its claim
against the respondent for the shortfall in the GAT in August 2006, before the
period for computing the annual turnover for the year 2006 was completed, but
no issue was taken by the respondent.

17 The appellant’s complaint and claim over the GAT is misconceived and
unproven.

The disallowed claim for $29,898.97

18 This claim was pleaded as being for payments received and retained retainer
fees in 2004.[note: 5] The appellant’s case as presented was based solely on
the invoices issued by the respondent to the clients in the year 2004 for
services to be rendered in 2005.[note: 6]

19 The DJ dismissed this claim, and in his Grounds of Decision, he
explained[note: 7]:

I do not believe that the plaintiff [respondent] would have rendered bills
going back to 1st January 2004 for work to be done wholly in 2005. While it
was possible that for some bills, some work had straddled 2004 and 2005 and
been done by both parties, there was no evidence as to who did what part of
the work for which parts of this claim.

The reasoning is hard to understand because there was no issue over the
invoices in question that the appellant was relying on. They were issued by
the respondent, which had not disputed the truth of its own invoices. If this
was the only basis on which the claim can be determined, I would have allowed
the appeal.

20 In the event, there are other matters which impacted on the claim. Firstly,
there is a clause in the sale agreement that catered for such payments. This
is cl 6.1, which provided that:

Notwithstanding any provision in this Agreement, upon the Transfer of the
Business as at the Transfer date, all monies due and payable to the Vendor
before the transfer date in respect of any Contracts or arrangements shall
belong to the Vendor absolutely notwithstanding that the payments are made
after the Transfer date.

21 Secondly, the claim referred only to invoices issued by the respondent;
there was no evidence that the respondent had received or retained any payment
under any of the invoices that could be paid over to the appellant.

22 I affirmed the dismissal of this claim on these alternative grounds.

The appellant’s claims under clauses 3.6 and 14

23 The appellant claimed that the respondent had breached other clauses of the
agreement.[note: 8] Clause 3.6 and cl 14 provided that the respondent and the
two shareholders of the respondent were not to compete against the appellant
after the transfer of the business.

24 The DJ did not address this claim in his Grounds of Decision at all.
Inexplicably, the appellant confined its appeal to the parts of the DJ’s
decision which[note: 9]:

(1)Gave judgment for the [respondent] on its claim in the sum of $110,000 plus
interest;

(2)Dismissed the [appellant’s] main counterclaim in the sum of $68,06211;

(3)Dismissed the [appellant’s] further counterclaim in the sum of $29,898.97;

and did not refer to the DJ’s failure to rule on this claim, and this was not
part of the appeal that was presented.

25 For the foregoing reasons, I dismissed the appeal with costs.

* * *

[note: 1]Defendant’s Closing Submissions para 71

[note: 2]Grounds of Decision para 21

[note: 3]Defence and Counterclaim para 17

[note: 4]Affidavit of Evidence-in-Chief of Luk Chiew Peng para 9

[note: 5]Defence and Counterclaim para 30

[note: 6]Affidavit of Evidence-in-Chief of Luk Chiew Peng para 75

[note: 7]Grounds of Decision, para 40

[note: 8]Defence and Counterclaim para 30

[note: 9]Appellant’s Case para 1

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 30 Sep 2010 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

