Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  LaserResearch (S) Pte Ltd (in liquidation) _v_ Internech Systems Pte Ltd
and another matter  
[2010] SGHC 285

Case Number| :| Originating Summons Nos 495 and 746 of 2010  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 24 September 2010  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Belinda Ang Saw Ean J  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Terence Tan (Rodyk & Davidson LLP) for the applicant; Ng
Yeow Khoon and Sim Mei Ling (KhattarWong) for the defendant in Originating
Summons No 495 of 2010/V. Ng Yeow Khoon and Sim Mei Ling (KhattarWong) for the
applicant; Terence Tan (Rodyk & Davidson LLP) for the defendant in Originating
Summons No 746 of 2010/R.  
Parties| :|  LaserResearch (S) Pte Ltd (in liquidation) — Internech Systems
Pte Ltd  
  
24 September 2010| Judgment reserved.  
---|---  
  
Belinda Ang Saw Ean J:

Introduction and background facts

1 In January 2008, Internech Systems Pte Ltd (“Internech”) commenced an action
against LaserResearch (S) Pte Ltd (“LaserResearch”) for the sum of $81,451.15
in unpaid invoices (“the DC Suit”). LaserResearch admitted 14 out of the 25
invoices Internech’s claim was based on, and the former duly made payment
after the Writ of Summons was issued in the District Court (_ie_ , the DC
Suit). It disputed the remaining 11 invoices, which totalled $62,142.94, on
the basis that the goods under those documents were not delivered to it or to
persons who had authority to accept the goods on its behalf. Internech applied
for summary judgment for the balance of its claim on the 11 invoices.

2 At the hearing of the application for summary judgment, the Deputy Registrar
entered judgment on four of the invoices, totalling $1,260.31 and granted
LaserResearch leave to defend the claim against the remaining seven invoices,
totalling $60,884.63, on the condition that it furnished a banker’s guarantee
in Internech’s favour. Internech’s appeal against the Deputy Registrar’s
conditional order was dismissed.

3 LaserResearch duly put its bank in funds and secured the required banker’s
guarantee on 28 August 2008. On 24 April 2009, Internech filed an Affidavit
Verifying List of Documents. No further formal steps in the proceedings were
taken in the DC Suit after that. The parties’ lawyers continued to
communicate, however, in the search for a settlement. The date of the last
correspondence between the parties’ lawyers on the matter was 4 May 2009.

4 On 15 May 2009, LaserResearch went into provisional liquidation and a
provisional liquidator was appointed on 15 May 2009 by way of directors’
resolution and accompanying statutory declaration of the company’s inability
to continue with the company’s business. Both documents were duly filed with
the Accounting and Corporate Regulatory Authority. In the normal course of
events, Internech received a letter dated 18 May 2009 giving it notice that a
creditors’ meeting was to be convened on 12 June 2009. While at that time it
had been in the midst of preparing affidavits of evidence-in-chief of their
witnesses for the trial, its solicitors advised that the DC Suit had been
stayed as a result of the winding up and that the company could not proceed
with the DC Suit except by leave of court. Rather than seek leave of court to
continue with the proceedings, Internech instead filed proof of debt against
LaserResearch on 1 June 2009. On 12 June 2009, at the creditors’ meeting, a
liquidator was appointed. It is common ground that commencement date of the
creditors’ voluntary winding up of LaserResearch was 15 May 2009.

5 On 5 February 2010, LaserResearch’s solicitors wrote to Internech requesting
that the banker’s guarantee be returned together with a written confirmation
that the former could proceed to effect cancellation of the banker’s guarantee
in view of its liquidation. In the same letter, LaserResearch’s solicitors
drew attention to Internech’s inaction in DC Suit since May 2009. Internech
was also informed that an application would be taken out should the request
not be acceded to by 5.00 pm on 18 February 2010. No reply was received by
that deadline and the liquidator, accordingly, commenced the present
application (viz Originating Summons No 495 of 2010 (“OS 495”)) for, _inter
alia_ , an order to cancel the banker’s guarantee on the ground that DC Suit
was deemed discontinued under O 21 r 2(6) of the Rules of Court (Cap 322, R 5,
2006 Rev Ed) (“ROC”). It is common ground that more than one year had lapsed
since the last step in the proceedings on 24 April 2009 (“the trigger date”).
OS 495 was filed more than one year after the trigger date.

Issue

6 The facts are undisputed, and for the purpose of OS 495, the narrow issue
before me was simply whether time continued to run under O 21 r 2(6) of the
ROC even though the proceedings had already been stayed by virtue of s 299(2)
of the Companies Act (Cap 50, 2006 Rev Ed) on 15 May 2009. This issue turns on
the interpretation of, and inter-relationship between a statutory stay of
proceedings pursuant to s 299(2) of the Companies Act and the strict language
of O 21 r 2(6A) which refers only to stay of proceedings pursuant to an order
of court.

Discussion and conclusions on the issue

7 The relevant parts of O 21 r 2 read as follows:

(6) Subject to paragraph 6(a), if no party to an action or cause or matter
has, _for more than one year_ (or such extended period as the Court may allow
under paragraph (6B)), taken any step or proceeding in the action, cause or
matter that appears from records maintained by the Court, the action, cause or
matter is deemed to have been discontinued.

(6A) Paragraph 6 shall not apply where the action, cause or matter has been
stayed pursuant to an order of court.

(6B) The Court may, on an application by any party made _before_ the one year
referred to in paragraph (6) has elapsed, extend the time to such extent as it
may think fit.

[emphasis added]

8 It is also convenient to now set out the text of s 299(2) of the Companies
Act pertaining to creditors’ voluntary winding up:

(2) After the commencement of the winding up no action or proceeding shall be
proceeded with or commenced against the company except by leave of the Court
and subject to such terms as the Court imposes.

9 Before me, opposing arguments were canvassed on the inter-relation of the
two provisions above. Internech, who was represented by Mr Ng Yeow Khoon (“Mr
Ng”), pointed out that since DC Suit was already stayed under s 299(2) of the
Companies Act, O 21 r 2(6) did not apply. Mr Ng submitted that the purpose of
the deeming provision is to catch tardy litigants, not actions that are
automatically stayed by legislation like, for example, s 299(2) of the
Companies Act. In contrast, counsel for LaserReasearch, Mr Terence Tan (“Mr
Tan”) asserted that even though the DC Suit was stayed by virtue of s 299(2),
time continued to run under O 21 r 2(6) as the statutory stay was _not_
“pursuant to an order of court” as prescribed by O 21 r 2(6A). In effect, Mr
Tan contended that the proper procedure Internech ought to have adopted was to
first seek leave of court to lift the statutory stay on the DC Suit, and to
follow thereafter with an application for an order of court to stay the same
DC Suit under O 21 r 2(6A) (hereafter referred to as “the suggested procedural
steps”). The suggested procedural steps would have to be taken _before_ the
guillotine date as time continued to run O 21 r 2(6). Mr Tan also suggested
another way to avoid the guillotine date by extending the 12-month period
under O 21 r 2(6B). Again there is a need to first lift the stay under s
299(2) _before_ resorting to O 21 r 2(6B).

10 Section 19(c) of the Interpretation Act (Cap 1, 2002 Rev Ed), which Mr Ng
directed my attention to, provides that “no subsidiary legislation made under
an Act shall be inconsistent with the provisions of any Act”. In a conflict
between subsidiary legislation and a primary legislation, the latter will
prevail. However, this is not an instance of conflict falling within the ambit
of s 19(c). Rather, the rival submissions of counsel point to two possible
readings of the inter-relation of a statutory provision and a rule in a
subsidiary legislation. The starting point, therefore, is to ascertain the
rationale of s 299(2) of the Companies Act and O 21r 2(6) of ROC, and
thereafter examine their differences, if any, in terms of their respective
purpose and function.

11 I begin with s 299(2) of the Companies Act. The prohibition against
commencing or proceeding with an action or other proceeding against a company
upon the commencement of a creditors’ voluntary winding up without leave of
court is found in s 299(2) of the Companies Act. This statutory stay is an
important statutory feature with respect to liquidation of companies. Upon
commencement of winding up, a statutory regime (which provisions are contained
in the Companies Act and the Companies (Winding Up) Rules) aimed at the
orderly realisation of the debtor company’s assets and the fair and equitable
settlement of its creditors’ claims is triggered. Similar provisions are found
in s 262(3) of the Companies Act which applies to compulsory winding up, and s
227(c) which deals with judicial management, and also in ss 45(3), 56F and 76
of the Bankruptcy Act (Cap 20, 2009 Rev Ed). The rationale of s 299(2) and the
statutory ring fencing regime that arises upon winding up (which also applies
with equal force to a bankruptcy) has been considered in _Korea Asset
Management Corp v Daewoo Singapore Pte Ltd (in liquidation)_ [2004] 1 SLR(R)
671 (“ _Korea Asset Management_ ”) at [36]:

… it is to prevent the company from being further burdened by expenses
incurred in defending unnecessary litigation. The main focus of a company and
its liquidators once winding up has commenced should be to prevent the
fragmentation of its assets and to ensure that the interests of its creditors
are protected to the fullest extent. In other words, returns to legitimate
creditors should be maximised; the process of collecting assets and returning
them to legitimate creditors should be attended to with all practicable speed.
Unnecessary costs should not be incurred; liquidators should act in the
collective interests of all legitimate stakeholders and not with a view to
enhancing their own self-interests or fees.

12 In other words (see _Woon’s Corporations Law_ , Issue 34 (2010), LexisNexis
at para 3753):

The purpose of s 299(2) ... is to preserve the limited assets of the company
in the best way for distribution among all the persons who have claims upon
them. As the fund is limited, it ought not to be diminished because of costs
incurred due to actions against the company. ... The policy in winding up is
that all claims should generally be disposed of by the cheap summary procedure
of proving a debt in the winding up rather than by dissipating the assets in a
multiplicity of suits.

13 I keep in mind the purpose and function of s 299(2) as I turn now to
examine O 21 r 2 of ROC.

14 The relevant extracts of O 21 r 2 have already been set out above at [7].
Order 21 r 2(6) is intended to cut down delays in litigation. The rule is
intended to ensure that litigants progress the action expeditiously. The
deeming provision in O 21 r 2(6) obviates the need for separate applications
to strike out dormant actions for want of prosecution. In _Tan Kim Seng v
Ibrahim Victor Adams_ [2004] 1 SLR(R) 181at [20], it was explained that the
rationale behind O 21 r 2 was “the maintenance of an efficient judicial system
which required less policing, with the imposition of drastic consequences for
tardy litigants”. The deemed discontinuance provision does not operate where
the action has been stayed “pursuant to an order of court” (see O 21 r 2(6A)).
A stay order is granted if the court is persuaded to halt the court
proceedings, and with that time stops running for the 12-month period. Another
way of avoiding the 12-month guillotine is to extend the 12-month period under
O 21 r 2(6B) so long as the appropriate application is made _before_ the
guillotine date.

15 Given that the purpose of s 299(2) is the preservation of an insolvent
company’s assets, and that the purpose of O 21 r 2(6) is to ensure litigants
progress actions expeditiously, could the suggested procedural steps advocated
by Mr Tan have been intended by the draftsmen? I am not persuaded that it is
so. Mr Tan was unable to cite me any cases supporting any of his propositions,
and in any event, there are a number of difficulties with his submissions.

16 LaserResearch’s construction of O 21 r 2(6A) and s 299(2) of the Companies
Act from where Mr Tan’s suggested procedural steps are derived, produces a
result that is manifestly at odds with the purpose of s 299(2). Instead of
conserving the insolvent company’s assets, adopting Mr Tan’s construction of O
21 r 2(6A) and s 299 of the Companies Act would mean that further cost had to
be incurred by the company in winding up for purely procedural reasons.
Neither is the purpose of O 21 r 2(6) served (_ie_ , to cut down delays in
litigation), as even after following Mr Tan’s suggested procedural steps, the
action is to be stayed for an indefinite period of time rather than continued.
The only result is duplicity, and a waste of time and costs and the court’s
resources

17 Mr Tan’s suggested procedural steps produce an absurd result as to the way
the rule is to operate. One well-known interpretative presumption of relevance
to the issue here is that the court seeks to avoid a construction that
produces an absurd result. Several aspects of this general presumption against
absurdity come to mind, and they are equally applicable here: (a) avoidance of
a futile or pointless result, and (b) pointless legal proceedings. Francis
Bennion, _Statutory Interpretation_ (LexisNexis, 2008, 5th Ed) (“ _Bennion_ ”)
explains these two aspects as follows (at pp 1000 and 1001):

_Futile or pointless result_ Parliament does nothing in vain, a principle also
expressed as _lex nil frustra facit_ (the law does nothing in vain). It is an
old maxim of the law that _quod vanum et inutile est, lex non requirit_ (the
law does not call for what is vain and useless). Or as it is put in another
form: _lex non praecipit inutilia_ (the law does not demand the doing of
useless things). The law never compels a person to do that is useless and
unnecessary. Through the inevitable limitations of language, it is sometimes
nevertheless happens that, in the events that have occurred in the instant
case, the literal meaning of the enactment seems to demand the doing of
something that would be futile or pointless. Here the court will strive to
find a more sensible construction.

...

_Pointless legal proceedings_ The court is always averse to requiring
litigants to embark on futile or unnecessary legal proceedings. This includes
a stage in proceedings that could without detriment to any party be done
without. Judges are uncomfortably aware of the costs and delays involved in a
legal action, and do all in their power to minimise them.

18 In this present case, the absurdity and irrationality of the construction
as described in the passages above in _Bennion_ reside in the suggested
procedural steps: an action that has already been statutorily stayed has to be
revived for the sole objective of not continuing with the action but to halt
proceedings by a court order. That is not all. This approach, which forms the
basis of the application, hardly qualifies as a proper ground for lifting the
statutory stay. It must be remembered that the court’s power under s 299(2) is
to grant leave to _proceed_ or _continue_ with the court proceedings outside
of resolution of claims within the insolvency regime. It requires the
applicant to satisfy the court that there are compelling reasons for lifting
the stay to proceed or continue with the court proceedings as there is a
_prima facie_ case to be _tried_ (see _Korea Asset Management_ at [41]). To
proceed or continue with court proceedings would mean diverting limited
resources from an insolvent company to deal with court proceedings. Normally
leave would be refused under s 299(2) if the dispute in the action can be
decided in the course of the winding up within the insolvency regime. The
first stage of the suggested procedural steps has demonstrably shown itself to
be unworkable since the primary objective for granting leave to lift the
statutory stay is not likely to be met. One way of testing the correctness of
this conclusion is from the court’s case management perspective. If the action
had been stayed under s 299(2), the court as part of case management is not
likely to intervene in the progress of the action since it is already stayed.

19 The analysis above underlines the different perspective and different
intentions of a statutory stay under s 299(2) and the court ordered stay under
O21r 2(6A). Contrary to Mr Ng’s contention, there is no inconsistency between
the statutory stay under s 299(2) and a stay order under O 21 r 2(6A). Both
substantive and procedural laws can co-exist harmoniously, each serving
different objectives and functions. Whilst both substantive and procedural
laws lead to the same result (_ie_ , the court proceedings are halted), the
similarities end there. Even so, at this level, the suggested procedural steps
intended to stop time from running is patently unnecessary because as
mentioned above they are pointless for duplicity, and a waste of time and
costs and the court’s resources.

20 On first principles, the better view (and this is not an unreasonable one
since both substantive and procedural laws can co-exist) is that whenever an
action is automatically stayed by operation of s 299(2) of the Companies Act
(or for that matter under the other corresponding provisions in the Companies
Act or the Bankruptcy Act on automatic stays listed at [11] above), the action
is excluded and _not_ subject to the 12-month period prescribed by O 21 r
2(6). (This is not to say that the creditor whose action is stayed by
operation of s 299(2) can take an indefinite amount of time to decide whether
it wants to proceed by proof of debt or by litigation in court – one would
imagine that should the creditor come before the court after an unreasonably
long time to seek a lift of the stay, the court would have justifiable reason
to refuse unless otherwise persuaded. See also _Korea Asset Management_ at
[47].) I do not read the provision of O 21 r 2(6A) to be exhaustive by
implication so as to exclude or disapply a statutory stay prescribed
_aliunde_. It goes without saying that it is a principle in statutory
interpretation that unless a contrary intention appears, the ROC, which is a
subsidiary legislation, and in particular O 21 r 2(6A) must be construed and
applied within the context of the existing corpus of law, and in this case,
the primary legislation is s 299(2) of the Companies Act and regard must be
given to it in construing O 21 r 2(6A) (see _Bennion_ Part XXIII, Section 327
at p1033; generally s19(c) of the Interpretation Act).

21 As stated, upon the commencement of winding up, a statutory regime is
triggered; the automatic stay under s 299(2) is meant to facilitate the change
in regime. The proper route for a creditor is usually to file a proof of debt
with the liquidator instead of continuing with the court process unless it
satisfies the court that it meets the broad guidelines set out by Rajah JC in
_Korea Asset Management_ at [45] - [57] and obtains the leave of court to
commence or continue proceedings despite the fact that the company it wishes
to sue is in liquidation. Order 21 r 2(6) is clearly intended to apply to
court proceedings that have become dormant because one party had allowed the
proceedings to go to sleep. In the present case, the commencement of the
winding up of LaserResearch on 15 May 2009 which triggered the automatic stay
under s 299(2) of the Companies Act takes the DC Suit out of the ambit of the
Rules of Court altogether so that O 21 r 2(6) does not apply to the cause or
matter in the action.

22 For these reasons, the DC Suit has not been deemed discontinued. As such,
OS 495 for the return of the bank guarantee is dismissed. In light of the
conclusion reached above, there is no need to go further to deal with
LaserResearch’s submissions on O 21 r 2(6B).

23 Even if for the sake of argument O 21 r 2(6) applies, and the action has
been deemed discontinued, Internech has as an additional measure applied to
reinstate the action (see Originating Summons No 746 of 2010 (“OS 746”)). If
it was necessary, I would have allowed the application seeing that in this
instance, especially given the circumstances of the present case, _ie_ , the
sole reason why no application for a order to stay the action or to extend the
stipulated period under O 21 r 2 was because Internech believed, not
unreasonably, that the automatic stay under s 299(2) of the Companies Act was
sufficient to render the automatic discontinuance provision inoperative. In
the circumstances, I make no order on the application in OS 746.

Result

24 For the reasons given above, I dismiss the application in OS 495 with
costs. I make no order on the application in OS 746 including costs.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 24 Sep 2010 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

