Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Thumb (China) Holdings Group Ltd (in liquidation) _v_ Hero Key Ltd  
[2010] SGHC 246

Case Number| :| Originating Summons No 480 of 2010  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 24 August 2010  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Woo Bih Li J  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Kannan Ramesh and Jasmine Fong (Tan Kok Quan Partnership)
for the plaintiff; Kenny Chooi and Kelvin Fong (Yeo-Leong & Peh LLC) for the
defendant.  
Parties| :|  Thumb (China) Holdings Group Ltd (in liquidation) — Hero Key Ltd  
  
24 August 2010|  
---|---  
  
Woo Bih Li J:

Introduction

1 Thumb (China) Holdings Group Limited (“Thumb”) is an investment holding
company incorporated in the British Virgin Islands (“BVI”). It filed the
present action for a declaration that on a true and proper construction of a
Deed of Release dated 23 September 2009 (“the Deed of Release”) entered into
between Thumb and Hero Key Limited (“Hero Key”), a company incorporated in
Hong Kong, Hero Key is under an obligation to take all necessary steps to
effect the release of a share charge dated 13 March 2008 (“the Share Charge”)
in respect of 138,235,390 shares in Radiance Group Limited, formerly known as
Radiance Electronics Limited (“Radiance”) including, by itself or by
instructing its depository agent Philip Securities Pte Ltd (“Philip
Securities”) the execution of a form, referred to as Form L, with The Central
Depository (Pte) Ltd (“CDP”) and also for consequential orders. After hearing
arguments, I made the substantive declaration sought, with Philip Securities
to execute Form L as Hero Key’s depository agent and consequential orders.

The court’s reasons

2 Thumb is wholly owned by Sun Jiangrong (“SJR”) who is also the sole director
of Thumb. Thumb’s major asset is its interest in 138,235,390 shares in
Radiance (“the Radiance Shares”) which represents 52.41% of the issued capital
of Radiance. Radiance is a company listed on the mainboard of the Singapore
Stock Exchange.

3 Hero Key is owned and was controlled by SJR’s brother Sun Shao Feng.

4 On 13 August 2007, a Notes Trust Deed was entered into between Thumb
(previously known as Sino Fortune Union Investment Limited) of the first part,
SJR of the second part, and The Bank of New York Mellon (“BNYM”) (previously
known as The Bank of New York), as trustee of the notes of the third part (the
“Notes Trust Deed”). The Notes Trust Deed was subsequently amended and
restated by an Amendment and Accession Deed dated 5 March 2008 (the “Amendment
and Accession Deed”). Pursuant to the terms of the Notes Trust Deed, Thumb
issued notes (“the Notes”) to noteholders in the aggregate principal amount of
S$120 million. Under the terms of the Notes Trust Deed, Thumb was scheduled to
repay the principal amount outstanding under the Notes on 15 February 2009.

5 Subsequently, by a loan agreement entered into between Thumb and Hero Key
dated 13 March 2008 (“the Loan Agreement”), Hero Key was said to have made
available to Thumb a loan of HK$180 million.

6 Pursuant to the terms of the Loan Agreement, Thumb executed the Share Charge
in favour of Hero Key over the Radiance Shares as security for the loan
granted by Hero Key to Thumb under the Loan Agreement.

7 The Share Charge was registered in the Register of Corporate Affairs of the
BVI (“the BVI Share Register”) a year later on 20 March 2009 and endorsed in
the register of charges maintained with CDP by the lodgement of the relevant
executed form with CDP.

8 On 14 August 2009, an action was commenced by BNYM against Thumb and Hero
Key in Suit 703/2009/Y (“Suit 703”) in Singapore. On 24 August 2009, upon the
application of BNYM made by way of ex-parte Summons No 4455 of 2009/G filed on
21 August 2009, an interim injunction was granted against Thumb and Hero Key
(the “24 August 2009 Order”). Pursuant to the 24 August 2009 Order, it was
ordered that Thumb and Hero Key by themselves, their officers, employees,
servants and/or agents or otherwise howsoever be restrained from effecting a
transfer of the Radiance Shares to Hero Key or any other party, or otherwise
dealing with the same, until further order or the final determination of the
action in Suit 703.

9 On 1 October 2009, BNYM filed a statement of claim in Suit 703 against Thumb
and Hero Key, alleging, _inter alia_ , that the entry into the Loan Agreement
and the issuance of the Share Charge was in breach of certain covenants in the
Notes Trust Deed. BNYM sought, _inter alia_ , a declaration that the Share
Charge was void and/or unenforceable.

10 Subsequent to the 24 August 2009 Order, Thumb and Hero Key executed the
Deed of Release on 23 September 2009 pursuant to which Hero Key released the
Share Charge. The Deed of Release was prepared by Hero Key’s solicitors, Yeo-
Leong & Peh LLC (“YLP”).

11 On 2 October 2009, upon compliance with the requirements under the laws of
the BVI for a cessation of charge, the Share Charge was deregistered from the
BVI Share Register, with the knowledge and consent of Hero Key.

12 On 3 November 2009, Christopher Stride, Cosimo Borrelli and Hamish Christie
were appointed as joint and several liquidators of Thumb by an order of court
of the Eastern Caribbean Supreme Court of BVI.

13 Pursuant to s 130N of the Companies Act (Cap 50, 2006 Rev Ed in Singapore),
a discharge of a charge over shares effected by endorsement of the charge
against the subject shares registered with CDP is effected by a cancellation
of the endorsement of the charge against the shares in the register of charges
and in the account of the chargor. Section 130N of the Companies Act read with
Reg 23 of the Companies (Central Depository System) Regulations provides that
the said cancellation is effected by the execution and lodgement of Form L
with the CDP. Form L can only be executed by the chargee or its depository
agent. Accordingly, in the present instance, Hero Key or its depository agent,
Philip Securities would have to execute and lodge Form L with CDP to effect
the cancellation of the endorsement of the Share Charge.

14 Accordingly, following the liquidators’ appointment, the liquidators’
solicitors, Tan Kok Quan Partnership (“TKQP”) wrote to Hero Key’s solicitors,
YLP on 10 December 2009 to request that Hero Key execute Form L. A Form L,
with the particulars of Thumb filled in, was enclosed with the letter. It was
also stated that for the avoidance of doubt, the liquidators made no admission
as to the validity of the Share Charge, the Deed of Release (described as
Discharge of Charge in the letter) or the debt the Share Charge purported to
secure. The liquidators said that they could not admit to the said matters as
they were the subject matter of Suit 730 and were matters that needed to be
investigated by the liquidators in discharge of their duties. Further, since
these transactions preceded the liquidators appointment, the liquidators said
they were not bound by them or any admissions made therein. The liquidators’
position was therefore reserved.

15 In reply, YLP wrote to TKQP on 21 December 2009, stating, _inter alia_ ,
that TKQP’s letter dated 10 December 2009 insinuated that the Share Charge and
the underlying debt were invalid or improperly obtained/incurred and that this
position was unacceptable to Hero Key. YLP requested that the liquidators
rectify their position by acknowledging the validity of the Share Charge and
the underlying debt before parties proceeded further in the matter. YLP also
requested for a copy of the document described as ‘Discharge of Charge’ in
TKQP’s letter dated 10 December 2009.

16 TKQP replied to YLP on 22 December 2009 (the letter is incorrectly dated 10
December 2009) stating that the liquidators did not insinuate that the Share
Charge and the underlying debt were void and/or unenforceable and that the
liquidators were unable to take a position on such issues as they were matters
that they had to examine. The letter also stated that positions taken by Thumb
prior to the appointment of the liquidators did not bind the liquidators.

17 In the same letter, Hero Key was again requested to execute Form L. Hero
Key was told that in light of the execution of the Deed of Release, the
liquidators had reasonably assumed and were entitled to say that Hero Key
would execute Form L in performance of the Deed of Release.

18 The liquidators said that they were subsequently given to understand that
Philip Securities would not execute Form L without a variation of the 24
August 2009 Order (made in the suit commenced by BNYM) to allow for the same.
Accordingly, the liquidators, on behalf of Thumb, made an application by way
of Summons 339/2010/T on 22 January 2010 for the 24 August 2009 Order to be
varied to allow for all necessary steps to be taken to perform the Deed of
Release and discharge the Share Charge, including the execution of Form L by
Philip Securities.

19 On 5 February 2010, Hero Key’s counsel, Mr Kenny Chooi, said to the court
hearing the variation application that Hero Key was not objecting to the
application to vary without any admission to the allegations made by the
liquidators. Accordingly, the court granted an order in terms of the
liquidators’ application on 5 February 2010 (“the 5 February 2010 Order”)
thereby varying the 24 August 2009 Order such that Thumb and Hero Key, by
themselves, their officers, employees, servants and/or agents, including
Philip Securities, were granted liberty to take any necessary action required
for the discharge of the Share Charge including and without limitation the
execution of documents to effect the same with CDP.

20 Following the making of the 5 February 2010 Order, the liquidators
requested Philip Securities to execute Form L by a letter from TKQP dated 12
February 2010. The letter was copied to YLP and enclosed a copy of the 5
February 2010 Order and TKQP’s letter to YLP dated 10 December 2009.

21 However, Philip Securities declined to execute Form L unless it received
instructions to do so from Hero Key.

22 Accordingly, TKQP wrote to YLP on 17 February 2010, pointing out that the
24 August 2009 Order has been varied by the 5 February 2010 Order to allow for
the discharge of the Share Charge and requested that Hero Key and/or its
depository agent execute Form L within seven days from the date of the letter.
It was reiterated that Form L had been forwarded to YLP for Hero Key’s
execution as Hero Key had executed the Deed of Release and the liquidators had
reasonably assumed and were entitled to therefore say that Hero Key would
execute and/or instruct its depository agent to execute Form L to implement
the covenants in the Deed of Release. YLP’s response, which is discussed in
the next paragraph, did not deny or take issue with this.

23 On 25 February 2010, YLP replied pointing out that the name of the chargor
had been spelt incorrectly in the copy of Form L which had been forwarded to
YLP under cover of TKQP’s letter dated 10 December 2010, _ie_ , two and a half
months earlier.

24 TKQP then forwarded Form L, duly corrected, to YLP under cover of their
letter dated 4 March 2010. In the same letter, Hero Key was requested to
arrange for the execution of Form L without delay as the matter had been
outstanding for a long time. The urgency stemmed from an imminent sale of the
Radiance Shares by the liquidators.

25 In response, by a letter dated 8 March 2010 from YLP, Hero Key took several
positions. The liquidators summarised the positions as follows. First, Hero
Key asserted for the first time that it was under no legal obligation to
execute and lodge Form L. This was the first unequivocal indication that Hero
Key would not do so. Secondly, Hero Key asserted, again for the first time,
that the liquidators’ expectation that Hero Key would execute and lodge Form L
was not reasonable and did not give rise to a cause of action. Thirdly, Hero
Key took the position that it might not be in a position to sign Form L as the
Radiance Shares were not registered under its name. The liquidators were
therefore told to liaise with Philip Securities with regard to the execution
of Form L.

26 By their letter dated 10 March 2010, TKQP said that Philip Securities would
require direct instructions from YLP or Hero Key before Philip Securities
would proceed to execute Form L. YLP was therefore requested to instruct
Philip Securities to execute Form L and to forward TKQP a copy of the written
instructions to Philip Securities as soon as possible, latest by 12 March
2010. TKQP did not receive any response from YLP.

27 The liquidators then filed an application in Summons 1191 of 2010 in Suit
703 for Hero Key and/or its agents to take all necessary steps to discharge
the Share Charge. However, the application was not successful because of
procedural objections which I need not elaborate on.

28 Eventually, the liquidators had to resort to the present action.

29 It appeared that Hero Key refused to co-operate because the liquidators had
not admitted the validity of the underlying loan which gave rise to the
creation of the Share Charge.

30 Hero Key sought to justify its position by pointing out that the Deed of
Release was executed gratuitously, _ie_ , Hero Key did not receive any payment
for the same. This was irrelevant since there was no issue of absence of
consideration as the instrument was a deed.

31 Secondly, Hero Key pointed out that there was no express provision in the
Deed of Release requiring it or its agent to execute Form L. While that was
true, the liquidators were relying on an implied undertaking or obligation of
Hero Key for Hero Key or its agent to do so.

32 Thirdly, Hero Key pointed out that the omission to execute Form L did not
deprive the Deed of Release of all validity. Thumb had been released from
various obligations under the Share Charge and Hero Key would not be able to
enforce its power of sale over the Reliance Shares.

33 It seemed to me that this submission reinforced the liquidators’ position.
Hero Key was not disputing that the charge was released. However, it refused
to give full effect to the release by refusing to execute Form L or to give
instructions to Philips Securities to do so.

34 Hero Key said that it was for the liquidators to take a more conciliatory
approach towards it to win its co-operation, citing the case of _Bee See & Tay
v Ong Hun Seang_ [1997] 1 SLR(R) 469.

35 As for the variation of the 24 August 2009 Order by the 5 February 2010
Order, Hero Key took the position that the variation was permissive only and
did not compel Hero Key to execute or procure the execution of Form L.

36 In my view, Hero Key’s position was untenable. The case it relied on was
based on materially different facts. The defendant there was under no
obligation to do as the plaintiffs sought. That was why the plaintiffs there
ought to have adopted a less combative stance.

37 In the present case, the issue was whether Hero Key was obliged to execute
or procure the execution of Form L. If it was so obliged, there was no need
for the liquidators to take a more conciliatory approach.

38 I was of the view that as a matter of commercial efficacy, it must be
implied that Hero Key would do all that was reasonably necessary to give full
effect to the very substance under the Deed of Release, _ie_ , the release of
the charge.

39 Furthermore, I was of the view that Hero Key was estopped from refusing to
co-operate as it had by its conduct, _ie_ , its omission to object to the
variation of the 24 August 2009 Order led the court and Thumb to believe that
it would execute or procure the execution of Form L even though the variation
order did not specifically direct it to do so. I should, however, add that the
liquidators did not rest their case primarily on estoppel in order to avoid
any suggestion that there was a dispute of fact which might require a trial.

40 In the circumstances, I made the substantive declaration sought, with
Philip Securities to execute Form L as Hero Key’s depository agent, and
consequential orders which included costs against Hero Key. It then filed an
appeal against my decision which it withdrew prior to the finalisation of my
grounds of decision.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 24 Aug 2010 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

