Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Public Prosecutor _v_ Astro bin Jakaria  
[2010] SGHC 131

Case Number| :| Criminal Case No 6 of 2010  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 29 April 2010  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Chan Seng Onn J  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Ng Cheng Thiam and Cassandra Cheong (Attorney-General's
Chambers) for the Public Prosecutor; Shashi Nathan and Tania Chin (M/s Harry
Elias Partnership) and Satwant Singh (Sim Mong Teck & Partners) for the
Accused.  
Parties| :|  Public Prosecutor — Astro bin Jakaria  
  
29 April 2010| Judgment reserved.  
---|---  
  
Chan Seng Onn J:

Introduction

1 The accused, Astro Bin Jakaria, is charged as follows:

That you, ASTRO BIN JAKARIA,

Between the 19th day of June 2008, at about 8.26pm, and the 21st day of June
2008, at about 6.15pm, at Block 508 Ang Mo Kio Avenue 8 #09-2602, Singapore,
did commit murder by causing the death of one Abdul Khalid Bin Othman, male,
61 years old, to wit, by strangling the said Abdul Khalid Bin Othman with a
ligature, and you have thereby committed an offence punishable under section
302 of the Penal Code, Chapter 224.

The background facts

(a) The relationship between the Deceased and the Accused

2 The accused, Astro Bin Jakaria (FIN No G8098952R) (“the Accused”), is an
East Malaysian who first came to Singapore on August 2007. He first met the
deceased, Abdul Khalid Bin Othman (NRIC No S2148066E) (“the Deceased”),
sometime in September 2007 while working as a cleaner for Sengent Company. The
Accused referred to the Deceased as “Kak Mie” and knew that the Deceased was a
transvestite. In the course of the following one month, their relationship
developed rapidly and they became closer.

3 In October 2007, due to poor job performance, Sengent Company terminated the
Accused’s employment. The Accused requested for the Deceased’s assistance as
he no longer had a place to stay. This led to the Deceased inviting the
Accused to stay with him at his flat. Thereafter, the Accused resided at the
Deceased’s flat until he left for Malaysia on 6 November 2007.

4 The Accused returned to Singapore on several occasions and on each visit, he
stayed at the Deceased’s flat until his return to Malaysia. The Accused’s
passport (D4) showed that he had entered Singapore on 14 December 2007 and
exited on 19 December 2007. He re-entered Singapore on 24 December 2007 and
left on 29 December 2007.

5 On 9 January 2008, the Accused again returned to Singapore and visited the
Deceased at his flat. The Deceased recommended a factory job in Tampines which
was taken up by the Accused. Afterwhich, the Accused stayed at the company’s
accommodation until he left Singapore on 24 February 2008. This was the only
period of time the Accused was employed in Singapore after his termination by
Sengent Company.

6 For the duration of each stay in Singapore, the Accused had never
contributed to the rent of the Deceased’s flat. In other words, the Deceased
provided free lodging to the Accused whenever the latter was in Singapore.

7 It was evident that the Deceased was deeply caring towards the Accused.
Apart from providing him with shelter, the Deceased’s generosity extended to
buying him new clothes, cooking him meals and giving him money when he was
short of it (and this was usually the case given the Accused’s unemployment).

8 The Deceased lived in a one bedroom HDB flat. His flatmates, one Taher Bin
Ahmad and one Kak Timah, slept in the living room/hall of the flat. The
Accused slept in the Deceased’s bedroom and shared the same bed with the
Deceased during his stay.

9 It was the Accused’s evidence that from the first night he started sharing
the bed with the Deceased, the latter would touch and caress him to arouse his
sexual desires. The Accused, prior to 19 June 2008, had always warded off his
sexual advances.

(b) Events leading up to the scuffle between the Deceased and the Accused on
19 June 2008

10 The Accused returned to Singapore again on Sunday 15 June 2008 and stayed
at the Deceased’s flat.

11 At about 6 pm on 19 June 2008, the Accused met the Deceased at the latter’s
workplace at the SMRT Clubhouse. The Accused was told to wait until the
Deceased was done with work. While waiting in the store room, the Accused
drank one whole bottle of Royal Stout and one third of a bottle of Carlsberg.

12 At about 8.26 pm, the Deceased and the Accused left for the Deceased’s
flat. They reached the flat at about 9 p.m., after which, the Deceased gave
the Accused $20 to buy some drinks. The Accused then proceeded to a nearby
coffee shop and bought a bottle of Carlsberg (P234) and a bottle of Guinness
Stout (P235).

13 The Accused returned to the flat at about 9.05 pm to 9.10 pm. When he
reached the flat, he saw the Deceased clad in a red towel and was applying
lotion to his thighs and hands. The Accused then placed the drinks he
purchased aside and sat on the bed.

14 The Deceased got up and sat next to the Accused. He started to caress the
Accused’s hands and thighs and attempted to touch his penis. The Accused
pushed the Deceased’s hand away and told him ‘ _Nanti’_ , which means ‘wait’
in Malay.

15 The Accused then requested for a bottle opener and a glass on two separate
occasions. The Deceased obliged and went back and forth twice to get the
requested items from the kitchen. After opening and pouring his drink into the
glass, the Accused placed the glass on the floor and then removed his T-shirt
as he felt warm.

16 The Deceased left the room again and brought back a bottle of Drambuie (a
type of whisky liquor) (P236). The Accused declined the Deceased’s offer to
have the liquor as it was too strong for him. The Deceased then took a sip of
the said liquor and sat beside the Accused. The Accused drank the whole bottle
of Guinness Stout (P235).

17 The Accused then put on a concert CD into the VCD player. The Deceased,
within a few minutes, changed the concert CD to a “blue” VCD which showed man-
on-man pornography and proceeded to fondle the Accused. He removed the
Accused’s jeans, pulled down his boxers and started performing fellatio on the
Accused. All the while, the Accused lay on his back and imagined that it was a
woman who was performing fellatio on him. He became sexually aroused and
sustained an erection.

18 The Deceased then stopped. The Accused then realised that the Deceased was
sitting next to him. When the Accused asked “Why?”, the Deceased propositioned
to him and said, “Come play my backside”. The Accused flatly declined, saying,
“I don’t want, I’m not used to this” and pulled up his boxers. He then went to
take his pair of jeans that was hung behind the bedroom door.

19 The Deceased tried to cajole the Accused. He also mentioned that he had
given the Accused what he wanted and provided him with lodging. As he started
caressing the Accused, the Accused pushed him and he fell backwards into the
cupboard and let out a scream. As the Deceased tried to stand up, the Accused
saw the Deceased gripping something in his hand and was looking angrily at
him.

20 The Accused then punched the Deceased’s face. The Deceased fell again and
covered his face with his hand while mumbling something and trying to stand
up. The Accused pounced on him again and gripped the Deceased from the back of
his neck. The Deceased’s head was positioned under the Accused’s right armpit
and the Deceased was then pushed onto the bed.

21 The Accused went up on to the bed, held the Deceased’s right shoulder,
crossed over the Deceased’s body and positioned himself to the right side of
the Deceased. He gripped the Deceased’s neck using his left arm and punched
the Deceased again. His grip was released as the Deceased was struggling. The
Deceased then used his right elbow to strike the Accused’s chest region while
struggling at the same time. The Accused fell backwards and tried to grab hold
of the Deceased. The Deceased scratched the Accused’s left cheek, left arm and
left hand.

22 The Accused then punched the Deceased’s chest. The Deceased fell backwards
onto the mattress. He tried to sit up and the Accused pushed the Deceased
again causing him to fall on the floor beside the bed with one foot on the
bed. The Deceased groaned in pain.

23 During the course of the scuffle, the Deceased let out a shriek which
alerted his neighbours, one Madam Sua Joo Eng (PW13) and one Madam Sarah Binte
Aman (PW21). The Deceased’s denture was also dislodged from his mouth at some
point of the scuffle. The Accused, in his attempt to prevent the Deceased from
calling the police, grabbed a long-sleeved brown striped T-shirt and tied up
the Deceased. The details of how this was done and how it caused the
Deceased’s death will be dealt with below.

(c) Sequence of events after the Deceased was tied up by the Accused

24 After tying up and immobilising the Deceased, the Accused removed the
Deceased’s gold bracelet (P154) from his wrist, took his own jacket (P243),
and placed it into a black sling bag (P242). He then gathered the clutter of
clothes that had been strewn on the floor in the course of the scuffle and
hurriedly placed them into the wardrobe. While doing so, the Accused found a
gold chain (P162) belonging to the Deceased and took it. He also appropriated
the Deceased’s handphone (P146).

25 As the Accused exited the bedroom, he switched off the lights and locked
the bedroom door by pressing the lock and shutting the door behind him. He
later hailed a cab and went to Geylang. There, he checked into Hotel 12 Pte
Ltd under the name of one Lawrence Anak Nyuak and stayed there from 19 June
2008 until the time of his arrest. All the while, the Accused had his passport
in his possession.

(d) Events leading up to the discovery of Deceased’s body

26 After being told by the Deceased’s flatmate Taher Bin Ahmad (“Taher”)
(PW26) that the Deceased was not seen inside the flat since 19 June 2008 and
being informed by the Deceased’s sister, one Norita Binte Abdul Latiff that
the Deceased was not contactable on 20 June 2008, the Deceased’s adopted
daughter, Aini Binte Karim (“Aini”) (PW29) made several attempts to contact
the Deceased by calling his mobile phone and residential number.

27 On 21 June 2008 at around 2 pm, Aini decided to lodge a missing person
report with the police. Her boyfriend, Ishak Bin Mohamed (“Ishak”) (PW24)
however suggested that they should first inspect the Deceased’s flat before
lodging the report.

28 At about 5.45 pm, Aini and Ishak arrived at the Deceased’s flat and let
themselves in using Taher’s keys. As Taher had earlier informed them that he
did not have the keys to the Deceased’s bedroom door, they brought along with
them two screwdrivers. Ishak then unsuccessfully tried to pry open the
Deceased’s bedroom door using the two screwdrivers, a chopper and a pair of
scissors which were found in the Deceased’s kitchen. After his failed
attempts, he decided to force his way in by kicking down the bedroom door.

29 Upon entering the bedroom, Aini switched on the lights. Ishak spotted a
blue bag (P233) on the floor. He placed it on the bed and checked the contents
of the said bag. The bag contained a silver metal box (P231), a black box
(P232) with a ‘Heineken’ watch inside and some male garments.

30 Aini, on the other hand, opened the Deceased’s wardrobe and found that it
was in a state of disarray. This was unusual as the Deceased’s clothing were
normally hung neatly inside the wardrobe. The metal rod which was used to hang
the Deceased’s clothing had fallen off and a pile of clothing was cluttered up
at the base of the wardrobe.

31 Aini then looked around the Deceased’s bedroom and caught a glimpse of a
portion of hair on the floor next to the bed. She immediately pointed it out
to Ishak and asked if that was the Deceased. Aini became hysterical and Ishak
quickly brought her to the corridor to calm her down.

32 Ishak then returned to the Deceased’s bedroom. He removed a red blanket
(P199) and a small yellow cushion (P200) and found a human body lying face-
down. Ishak placed the items he had removed back to their respective positions
and swiftly exited the Deceased’s bedroom. He called the police at about 6.15
pm.

33 Staff Sergeant Mohammad Ridzwan Bin Taib (“SSgt Ridzwan”) (PW12) and
Corporal Ryan Lim Chong Jen (“Cpl Lim”) (PW15) were dispatched to the
Deceased’s flat. Ishak led SSgt Ridzwan and Cpl Lim to the Deceased’s bedroom.
Ishak removed the same items, which he had removed earlier, that were on top
of the body. SSgt Ridzwan and Cpl Lim then saw a body, clad in a brassiere,
lying motionless in a prone position. They observed that both of the
Deceased’s hands were tied to his back with a long-sleeved brown striped
T-shirt. Ishak then replaced the items in the same order as he had found them.

34 As foul play was suspected, SSgt Ridzwan instructed Ishak and Cpl Lim to
leave the flat to prevent the contamination of the scene. He then contacted
duty Senior Investigation Officer, Station Inspector Goh Tia Eng (PW17) and
informed him of their findings. The scene was immediately cordoned off.

35 Sergeant Mohamed Nasir Bin Mohaideen Arabi Noordin (“Sgt Nasir”) (PW16), a
paramedic, arrived at the Deceased’s flat at about 6.25 pm. As a long-sleeved
brown striped T-shirt was tied around the circumference of the Deceased’s
neck, Sgt Nasir was unable to take the carotid pulse and had to look for an
arterial pulse from the Deceased’s hands instead. Sgt Nasir removed some of
the materials covering the Deceased’s lower body which exposed the Deceased’s
hands, bound together by the said T-shirt, and took the Deceased’s pulse. No
pulse was detected and the Deceased was pronounced dead at 6.30 pm.

36 At about 10 pm, Associate Professor Gilbert Lau (“A/P Gilbert Lau”), (PW25)
a Senior Consultant Forensic Pathologist attached to the Centre for Forensic
Medicine, Health Sciences Authority (“HSA”), arrived at the flat and proceeded
to examine the scene. At about 11.05 pm, he conducted an external examination
of the Deceased’s body at the scene. The estimated post-mortem interval was
pronounced to be within the region of 1–2days.

37 On 22 June 2008 at about 9.45 am, the Accused was arrested at Hotel 12 Pte
Ltd by Senior Station Inspector Zainal Abidin Ismail (“SSI Zainal Abidin”)
(PW33), Assistant Superintendent Christopher Jacob (PW18) and some other
officers. After his arrest, the Accused gave the following statements to the
police:

(a)

First Statement recorded on 22 June 2008 at 10.35 am (D3);

(b)

Cautioned Statement recorded on 22 June 2008 at 8.35 pm (P144);

(c)

Investigation Statement recorded on 25 June 2008 at 2.05 pm (P159);

(d)

Investigation Statement recorded on 26 June 2008 at 9.25 am (P160);

(e)

Investigation Statement recorded on 26 June 2008 at 3.05 pm (P161); and

(f)

Investigation Statement recorded in the field book on 27 June 2008 during the
scene investigation (P165).

Case for the Prosecution

38 It was the Prosecution’s case that during the scuffle, the Accused used a
long-sleeved brown striped T-shirt and tied it around the Deceased’s neck. In
doing so, the Accused had committed murder by way of strangulation and was
therefore liable for the offence under section 300(c) of the Penal Code (Cap
224, 2008 Rev Ed) (“the Penal Code”) which stipulates that:

**Murder**

**300**. Except in the cases hereinafter excepted culpable homicide is murder
—

…

(c) if it is done with the intention of causing bodily injury to any person,
and the bodily injury intended to be inflicted is sufficient in the ordinary
course of nature to cause death

39 The Prosecution submitted that it had discharged the burden of proving
beyond reasonable doubt that the Accused had committed the offence of murder
under section 300(c) of the Penal Code:

(a)

That the Accused did an act which caused the death of the Deceased;

(b)

That the said act was done with the intention of causing bodily injury; and

(c)

That the injury caused:

(i)

Was intended and was not accidental or otherwise unintentional; and

(ii)

Was sufficient in the ordinary course of nature to cause death.

40 The Prosecution based their case, _inter alia_ , on:

(a)

Forensic evidence such as the autopsy report, toxicology report and various
HSA reports;

(b)

Oral evidence of the Prosecution’s witnesses;

(c)

The sobriety of the Accused at the time of alleged murder; and

(d)

The police statements recorded subsequent to the Accused’s arrest.

The Accused did an act which caused the death of the Deceased

Forensic Evidence

(I) Autopsy Report

41 A/P Gilbert Lau conducted the autopsy on the Deceased and testified that
the cause of death was strangulation by ligature. He observed that the
ligature was a long-sleeved, crew neck T-shirt that was applied
circumferentially to the Deceased’s neck in a single loop and was secured by a
partial slip knot tightly applied at the back of the neck.

42 It was found that the ligature was tightly constricting:

(a)

The ligature measured an approximate 30cm in circumference whereas the
corresponding ligature mark (measured immediately after the ligature had been
removed) was 36cm;

(b)

Despite the bloating and swelling of the Deceased’s face and other body parts,
the ligature mark directly beneath the ligature was actually indented.

(b)

Moreover, due to the highly constricting nature of the ligature, the overlying
skin around the area where the ligature was applied was well-preserved as
compared to other body parts which exhibited signs of decomposition; and

(d)

Extensive fractures were found on the hyoid bone and thyroid cartilage (as
seen in photographs P80 and P81 respectively). The extent of the damage to the
laryngeal structures suggested that severe force had been applied.

43 A/P Gilbert Lau testified that the severe force that had caused such
structural damage would certainly have closed off the airways and blood
vessels around the Deceased’s neck completely, thus depriving the Deceased’s
brain, heart and vital organs of oxygen. He opined that strangulation by
ligature of this nature was sufficient in the ordinary course of nature to
cause death.

(II) Toxicology Report

44 Dr. Leong Hsiao Tung (“Dr. Leong”) (PW5) prepared the Toxicology Report
(P132) in which it was found that, _inter alia_ , the concentration of ethanol
in the Deceased’s blood was 9mg/100ml. Dr. Leong’s evidence was that the
amount of ethanol was not significant and was likely a result of consumption
of alcohol before death or post-mortem production of ethanol. Based on this
post-mortem toxicology report, A/P Gilbert Lau was able to rule out the
possibility that the Deceased might have been in some way incapacitated before
he was set upon by the assailant. This finding combined with the absence of
typical defensive injuries on the Deceased’s body suggested that the Deceased
was taken by surprise or overpowered very quickly by the assailant.

(III) Other HSA Reports

45 The following HSA Reports confirm that there was contact transfer between
the Deceased and the Accused.

46 Dr. Christopher K C Syn (“Dr. Syn”) (PW11), a forensic scientist, gave
evidence based on his Laboratory Report DN-2008-00755 (P133) that the DNA of
the Accused was found on the nail clippings (P225) of the Deceased marked “L1”
to “L5” and “R5”. The Accused’s blood was also detected (albeit of trace
amount) on the said nail clippings marked “R5” and “L4”.

47 Ms Kee Koh Kheng (“Ms Kee”) (PW28), a Forensic Scientist attached to the
Forensic Science Division of the HSA, compiled the Laboratory Report No.
CR-2008-00119 (P137) which revealed the following findings:

Exhibits recovered from deceased

|  **Description of Deceased’s item** |  **Matches found on Deceased’s item**  
---|---|---  
Khalid/05/2008 |  A pair of black panties (P207) |  16 fibres were found to be similar to those constituting the control fabric of the Accused’s denim jeans marked “Astro/01/2008” (P217)  
Khalid/06/2008 |  Dark blue brassiere (P208) |  1 fibre was found to be similar to those constituting the control fabric of the said Accused’s denim jeans  
Khalid/09/2008 |  Brown striped long-sleeved T- shirt (P211) |  29 fibres were found to be similar to those constituting the control fabric of the said Accused’s denim jeans  
Khalid/10/2008 |  Orange baju kurung (P212) |  16 fibres were found to be similar to those of constituting the control fabric of the said Accused’s denim jeans and 1 fibre was similar to the control fabric of the Accused’s white singlet marked “Astro/03/2008” (P219)  
  
  

Exhibits recovered from the accused

|  **Description of Accused’s item** |  **Matches found on Accused’s item**  
---|---|---  
Astro/01/2008 |  A pair of denim jeans (P217) |  4 brown fibres were found to be similar to the fibres of the brown striped long-sleeved T-shirt marked “Khalid/09/2008” (P211)  
Astro/04/2008 |  White “Converse” long-sleeved jacket (P220) |  3 brown fibres were found to be similar to the fibres of the said brown striped long-sleeved T-shirt and 1 black fibre was found to be similar to the fibres constituting the pair of black panties marked “Khalid/05/2008” (P207)  
  
  

48 Thus, the HSA Reports read with A/P Gilbert Lau’s evidence show that the
Accused was the person present at the scene and was the one who had applied
the ligature onto the Deceased. The defence does not dispute this.

The said act was done with the intention of causing bodily injury

49 The Prosecution maintained that the Accused was sober when he committed the
alleged offence in the sense that he was not so intoxicated that he was not
aware of what he was doing or that what he was doing was wrong. The Accused
was also not so intoxicated that he could not have formed the necessary
intention to cause bodily injury to the Deceased.

50 The Defence conceded this point and did not rely on the defences of
sections 85(2)(b) or 86(2) of the Penal Code, _ie_ , insane intoxication and
intoxication negating intention respectively. In other words, the Defence
conceded that the Accused had the intention of applying and tying up the
ligature on the Deceased. The main issue which divides the Prosecution and
Defence is: _where_ the Accused intended to apply and tie the ligature.

The injury caused was sufficient in the ordinary course of nature to cause
death

51 The fatal injury in this case was strangulation caused by the ligature
found on the Deceased’s neck. Considerable force was used in tying the
ligature such that acute compression led to the fracture of the laryngeal
structures located in the neck.

52 A/P Gilbert Lau’s evidence was that the said injury was sufficient, in the
normal course of nature, to cause death. He was able to comment, with
reasonable confidence, that the application of a ligature of this nature would
in all likelihood caused the Deceased to have lost consciousness within a
matter of seconds and death would have taken place in a matter of minutes.

The injury caused was intended and was not accidental or otherwise
unintentional

53 The prosecution submitted that: the tying of ligature was not
unintentional; the tying of the partial knot was not unintentional; the
winding of the remaining part of the T-shirt around the Deceased’s forearms
and wrists was not unintentional.

54 Three possible scenarios as to what might have happened on the night of 19
June 2008 were presented to the court:

(a)

The Accused knowingly tied the T-shirt around the Deceased’s neck;

(b)

After tying the T-shirt around the Deceased’s mouth, the T-shirt became
dislodged and ended up on the neck of the Deceased and was subsequently
tightened around the neck by the Deceased’s movements while he was struggling;
or

(c)

During the placing of the T-shirt around the mouth, the T-shirt was
accidentally or mistakenly placed onto the neck.

55 It was the Prosecution’s case that the Accused had knowingly tied the
ligature around the Deceased’s neck, thereby suggesting that the Accused’s
evidence that he only intended to tie the Deceased’s mouth and that he might
have accidentally tied it around the Deceased’s neck was untrue. The
Prosecution found it pertinent to note that when A/P Gilbert Lau was being
cross-examined by the Defence, the Defence had adopted possibility (b). It was
only after A/P Gilbert Lau raised the possibility of scenario (c) that the
Defence sought to build their case on it.

56 The Prosecution also submitted that the Accused’s inconsistent statements
(those recorded during investigative stages and those made in court) formed
the bulk of lies which were conjured in order to exculpate himself and escape
the death penalty.

57 Given the inherent inconsistencies of the Accused’s statements, it was thus
the Prosecution’s position that the Accused’s statements should be
disregarded, and the court should therefore base its decision on the evidence
of A/P Gilbert Lau and the objective evidence presented before the court. On
such a basis, the Prosecution submitted that it has discharged the burden of
proving beyond reasonable doubt that the Accused had committed murder under
section 300(c) of the Penal Code against the Deceased.

Case for the Defence

58 It was the Defence’s case that:

(a)

The Accused only intended to tie the ligature around the Deceased’s mouth;

(b)

The Deceased and the Accused were not lovers;

(c)

The Prosecution did not discharge its burden of proving beyond reasonable
doubt that the Accused had committed an offence under section 300(c) of the
Penal Code; and

(d)

In any event, the Defence had, on a balance of probabilities, made out the
defences of sudden fight and provocation.

Accused only intended to tie the ligature around the Deceased’s mouth

59 During cross examination, Defence counsel suggested to A/P Gilbert Lau a
possible scenario of the tightening of ligature around the Deceased’s neck:
that the Deceased had in the course of struggling, suffered the misfortune of
killing himself by tightening the ligature (initially applied around the
mouth) that had slipped around his neck.

60 A/P Gilbert Lau rejected Counsel’s suggestion, reasoning that:

(a)

If the T-shirt had slipped to the Deceased’s neck, the partial slip knot would
have been loosened even further as opposed to being tightened by his struggle.
In fact, the T-shirt should be hanging loosely around his neck if this were
the case;

(b)

Furthermore, the free ends of the ligature were wound around the Deceased’s
upper limbs and wrists in a loose manner. Therefore, if the Deceased had been
conscious or alive when the T-shirt slipped to his neck, he could have easily
unwound the free end around his hands and release the ligature; and

(c)

In any case, it was almost inconceivable for the gag which was placed over the
mouth to slip and then to be tightly constricted by the Deceased’s own
movements. This was because severe force must have been used to cause the
fracture of the greater cornua of the hyoid bone, superior horns and laminae
of the thyroid cartilage. A person would have, in all probability, passed out
before he could apply such severe force to himself.

61 The suggestion that the Accused saw the Deceased shaking and frothing at
the mouth when the latter had fallen backwards and hit himself against the
wardrobe in the course of the scuffle was also refuted by A/P Gilbert Lau. He
opined that the Deceased did not suffer from any natural disease that could
have accounted for such a reaction. Furthermore, such reaction could not have
come from a person suffering from a mild state of shock.

62 A/P Gilbert Lau, however, opined that he would not dispel the possibility
that the Accused might have thought that he had applied the ligature to the
mouth with the intention of applying a gag, when it had actually been applied
to the neck instead.

63 The Defence submitted that the Accused did not have the intention to tie
the ligature around the Deceased’s neck. The following statements recorded
from the Accused supported this position:

(a)

The Accused’s statement recorded by Inspector Kwok Charn Kong (“Inspector
Kwok”) (PW31) on 26 June 2008 (P160) in which he specifically stated that it
was not his intention to kill the Deceased and that when he was arrested, he
was under the impression that he was being apprehended for theft of the
Deceased’s jewellery. If he had known that the Deceased had died, he would not
have stayed in Singapore;

(b)

The Accused also repeated that he had no intention to cause the Deceased’s
death and that he did not expect his punches to cause the Deceased to die
because when he left him, he was still alive; and

(c)

In his examination-in-chief, the Accused testified that he had only intended
to gag the Deceased’s mouth as the Deceased was making a lot of noise. He
further stated that he did not know whether the T-shirt went around the
Deceased’s mouth or not but his intention was just to tie the Deceased’s
mouth.

Finding of the court

64 The _locus classicus_ of section 300(c) of the Penal Code is the decision
of the Indian Supreme Court in _Virsa Singh v State of Punjab_ AIR 1958 SC 465
_(“Virsa Singh”)_ where it was held at [12] that four elements must be proved
to establish murder under section 300(c):

Firstly, it must establish, quite objectively, that a bodily injury is
present;

Secondly, the nature of the injury must be proved; These are purely objective
investigations.

Thirdly, it must be proved that there was an intention to inflict that
particular bodily injury, that is to say, that it was not accidental or
unintentional, or that some other kind of injury was intended.

Once these three elements are proved to be present, the enquiry proceeds
further and,

Fourthly, it must be proved that the injury of the type just described made up
of the three elements set out above is sufficient to cause death in the
ordinary course of nature. This part of the enquiry is purely objective and
inferential and has nothing to do with the intention of the offender.

65 In further explaining the third element, which is the element in dispute in
the present case, Bose J at [16] held that:

The question is not whether the prisoner intended to inflict a serious injury
or a trivial one but _whether he intended to inflict the injury that is proved
to be present_. If he can show that he did not, or if the totality of the
circumstances justify such an inference, then, of course, the intent the
section requires is not proved. But if there is nothing beyond the injury and
the fact that the appellant inflicted it, the only possible inference is that
he intended to inflict it. Whether he knew of its seriousness or intended
serious consequences, is neither here nor there. _The question, so far as the
intention is concerned, is not whether he intended to kill, or to inflict an
injury of a particular degree of seriousness but whether he intended to
inflict the injury in question_ ; and once the existence of the injury is
proved the intention to cause it will be presumed unless the evidence or the
circumstances warrant an opposite conclusion.

[emphasis added]

66 In the case of _PP v Lim Poh Lye_ [2005] 4 SLR(R) 582 (“ _Lim Poh Lye_ ”)
the accused was found to have intended to stab the victim’s thigh to prevent
him from struggling and escaping. Although it was true that the fatal stab
wound was caused to a body part which was not commonly known to be a
vulnerable region of the body, that was not a consideration that affected the
operation of section 300(c). The crucial question to ask is whether the wounds
that were caused were in fact wounds which the accused intended to cause. As
the court in _Tan Chee Wee v PP_ [2004] 1 SLR(R) 479 (“ _Tan Chee Wee_ ”) at
[42] stated:

Section 300(c) thus envisions that the accused subjectively intends to cause a
bodily injury that is objectively likely to cause death in the ordinary course
of nature ... It is in fact irrelevant whether or not the accused did intend
to cause death, so long as death ensues from the bodily injury or injuries
intentionally caused.

67 The Defence rigorously sought to demonstrate that the Accused did not have
the intention to cause the injury which caused the death of the Deceased, _ie_
, his intention was to tie the ligature around the Deceased’s mouth and such a
tying over the mouth does not, in the ordinary course of nature, cause death.
Hence, the Defence’s position was that the applying and tightening of ligature
around the neck was accidental or unintentional.

68 Chao Hick Tin JA at [22] of _Lim Poh Lye_ , emphasised that the third limb
of _Virsa Singh_ , _ie_ , whether a particular injury was accidental or
unintended is a question of fact which has to be determined by the court in
light of the evidence adduced and taking into account all the surrounding
circumstances of the case. If the court should at the end of the day find that
the accused only intended to cause a particular “minor injury”, to use the
term of the court in _Tan Joo Cheng v PP_ [1992] 1 SLR(R) 219, which injury
would not, in the normal course of nature, cause death, but in fact caused a
different injury sufficient in the ordinary course of nature to cause death,
section 300(c) would not be attracted. Thus, it is incumbent upon this court
to decide _on the totality of the evidence having regard to all the
surrounding circumstances_ , whether the requisite intention in section 300(c)
had been proved beyond a reasonable doubt by the Prosecution.

Accused’s police statements and evidence in court

69 Notably, the Prosecution strongly urged the court to disregard the
Accused’s statements.

70 In relation to the mixed statements of an accused containing incriminating
as well as exculpatory parts, the decision of _Tan Chee Hwee and another v PP_
[1993] 2 SLR(R) 492 (“ _Tan Chee Hwee_ ”) is instructive: the court had to
approach the incriminating portion with the exculpatory or explanatory parts
of the accused’s statements together with all the surrounding circumstances to
decide where the truth lay.

71 The Accused was depicted by the prosecution as a conniving liar who was
capable of lying unabashedly even in the face of a statutory warning. His
ability to breathe life into two wholly fictitious, non-existent characters
(_ie_ , Zulkarnian and Khairul) and to vividly recount a robbery (filled with
titillating details from its conception to execution) that had never taken
place were tell-tale signs of a master of fabrication. In his first
investigation statement (D3) and cautioned statement (P144), Zulkarnian and
Khairul were seen as the masterminds behind the plot whereas he was just an
accessory, a mere passive look-out. He then confessed to SSI Zainal Abidin
that he had lied to relieve himself from shouldering the burden or
responsibility of having caused the death of the Deceased.

72 With regard to the Accused’s other statements, _ie_ , P159, P160 and P161,
the Prosecution submitted that these were mixed statements. Although the
Accused, at this juncture, admitted to being the sole assailant, he had
however sought to exonerate himself by claiming that he had merely tied the
ligature around the Deceased’s mouth and not the neck. The Accused also
stressed in court, numerous times, that the Deceased was still alive when he
left the bedroom.

73 Furthermore, the Accused, during his examination-in-chief had adopted
different stances as to what happened _during_ the act of tying up the
Deceased:

(a)

That he tied one loop around the mouth;

(b)

He pulled the T-shirt but did not know whether it went around the mouth or
not, although his intention was to tie it around the Deceased’s mouth;

(c)

The Accused tied a complete knot (D5) during his demonstration in court;

(d)

While answering the court’s question, the Accused’s reply was that he did not
tie the Deceased’s neck; he only tied the Deceased’s mouth; and

(e)

When counsel related the evidence of A/P Gilbert Lau, the Accused’s reply was
that he disagreed with his evidence because he was certain that he tied up the
Deceased’s mouth. This was despite the fact that he did not check after tying
up the Deceased.

The Accused’s constant change in stance before the court was, according to the
Prosecution, a clear illustration of how he would subtly tailor his evidence
in order to convince the court that he did not kill the Deceased as he
‘intended to only cover the Deceased’s mouth’.

74 The Prosecution’s impeachment of the Accused’s credibility and veracity was
based on the fact that all his lies, from the start of investigation to the
proceedings in court, pertained to one of the most crucial aspects of the
case: _how_ did the Accused apply the ligature on the Deceased. Was it merely
coincidental that the Accused had, throughout the case, conveniently invented
characters and varied his statements as to how and where the ligature was
applied at the most critical junctures?

75 The prosecution submitted that it was trite law that lies could be
corroborative of guilt. Adverse inference should be drawn against the Accused
as warranted under section 123 Criminal Procedure Code (Cap 68, 1985 Rev Ed)
(“the CPC”) in respect of his lie in his section 122(6) cautioned statement
(P144). Thus, the court should not accept the Accused’s defence that he had
only intended to tie the Deceased’s mouth and not the neck.

76 The Defence, on the other hand, proffered some explanations for the
Accused’s reason for lying and giving inconsistent statements:

**Examination–in-chief of accused**

Q: (In relation to the accused’s first investigation statement [D3]) Could you
explain why is it that you have given this untrue version of events?

A: When I was arrested in Hotel 12, and [_sic_] Mr Zainal introduced himself
as a police officer. My handphone was seized. He asked me where did I keep
[_sic_] the items. And I told him that once we get back I will tell him the
story. When we reached the police station, before he took my statement[,] he
told me that Khalid had passed away and I asked “who”[.] Then he said it is
the person I took the jewellery [from]. I was in shock. I thought it was
impossible cos [_sic_] at the time I left[,] he was alive. Mr Zainal asked me
to narrate the story. So I was afraid and made up this story.

Q: I can understand that you were afraid, but you have given a lot of details
for something that didn’t really happen. How come?

A: With regards to Zul, I just told Zul then Mr Zainal asked me ‘just Zul?’
then I told him more details

Court: What about the other details?

Witness: I made it up. It is my imagination. From the things I took from Kak
Mie, I just continued the story. I didn’t know that she had died.

Court: You were under pressure, were you afraid?

Witness: I was shocked.

77 Although SSI Zainal Abidin was under the impression that the Accused knew
that the Deceased had died when he was being interviewed and D3 was being
recorded, the Defence, however, maintained its stance that upon arrest, the
Accused thought that it was in relation to the theft of the Deceased’s
jewellery. Therefore when he was informed of the death, it was natural that he
was very shocked.

78 Furthermore, the Defence also submitted that the Accused was not someone
who had plotted the whole story over a period of time in order to lie to the
police as there was only a 3 day interval between the Deceased’s death and the
Accused’s arrest. His emotions on hearing the news of the death led to his
imagination taking control over him.

79 As to why the Accused lied twice in a day, his explanation was that he was
very frightened when the first statement (D3) and cautioned statement (P144)
were taken. The Accused later decided to come clean and relate the true story
to Inspector Kwok after SSI Zainal Abidin told him that he did not believe in
his story about Zulkarnian and Khairul.

80 The Defence submitted that the Accused was forthcoming during his
examination-in-chief in which he admitted to his own lies. Moreover, the
Accused furnished a plausible explanation as to why he had lied: he had never
had any run in with the law prior to this case and therefore, it must have
been alarming and shocking for him to be apprehended for such a serious and
grave offence. The Accused had lied under those circumstances as he was in a
state of shock, despair and confusion, causing him to be ‘not in a proper
state of mind’.

81 The Court of Criminal Appeal in _Chan Kin Choi v PP_ [1991] 1 SLR(R) 111 (“
_Chan Kin Choi”_) held that once the Defence was called (as it was in this
case), the trial judges who were performing the role of deciders of fact must
consider the whole statement, _both the incriminating parts and excuses or
explanations_ , in deciding where the truth lay. Thus, this court should
consider the incriminating portion of the Accused’s statements and the lies,
having regard to the exculpatory or explanatory parts of his statements, his
evidence in court and all the surrounding circumstances in its endeavour to
determine what the true facts are.

82 In the case of _Tan Chee Hwee and another v PP_ [1993] 2 SLR(R) 493 (“ _Tan
Chee Hwee”_), there were inconsistencies between the appellants’ police
statements and their evidence in court. Tan, the first appellant, had in his
police statement stated that he and Soon (the second appellant) had strangled
the maid with the cord of an electric iron as opposed to using his bare hands.
His explanation for the discrepancy was that at the time he gave the
confession statement, his grandfather had passed away and he was confused. In
his oral evidence, Tan also admitted that some parts of his statements to the
police were lies.

83 As for the second appellant, he admitted during cross-examination that his
statements to the police made no mention of Tan rendering the maid unconscious
with his bare hands because he was scared, confused and disorientated at the
time of interrogation. Soon maintained throughout his evidence that his
intention that day was to “take the money” and that he had no intention
whatsoever of killing the maid. He also admitted to lying to the police when
he had said that he only learnt of the maid’s death from the newspapers the
next morning.

84 Karthigesu J at [46] noted that far from being overwhelming, it would be
totally unsafe (as the judicial commissioner below had done) to disregard the
section 122(6) statement of Tan as well as the explanation given in his long
statement and conclude that, when Tan with the help of Soon placed the cord of
the electric iron around the body of the violently struggling maid, it was not
to tie her up around the waist but to strangle her with it around the neck.

85 Karthigesu J opined that taken as a whole and _giving such weight to the
exculpatory portions of the statements, short of disregarding them altogether_
, the evidence was equally consistent with an intention to tie the maid up
without any intention of causing her bodily injury. The fact that the first
appellant did not hit the maid with the iron and instead used it to tie her up
strongly suggested that even at the critical moment the first appellant could
not have formed an intention to strangle the maid with the cord of the
electric iron as a means of silencing her forever. In those circumstances, the
court in _Tan Chee Hwee_ was driven to conclude that the injury which was in
fact caused to the maid around her neck, in all probability, was not
intentionally but accidentally or unintentionally caused. See [46].

86 I note that in the application of the _Virsa Singh_ test to the factual
matrix of the present case, there are no difficulties in meeting the
requirements of the first, second and fourth limb of the said test. The third
test, being as contentious and vexing as it is, forms the critical dividing
point between the Prosecution and the Defence. In order to determine whether
the Accused had intended to tie the ligature around the Deceased’s neck, it
would be prudent to assess all the Accused’s statements, both incriminating
and exculpatory, and his oral evidence in court together with the objective
evidence.

Objective evidence of the case

87 The forensic evidence, especially those provided by A/P Gilbert Lau, can
offer only so much assistance as to establish the degree of force used in
applying the ligature, the internal injuries caused and whether they were
sufficient in the ordinary course of nature to cause death. Although A/P
Gilbert Lau was not in a position to assist on the question of the intention
of the Accused at the time the ligature was applied, he nevertheless said that
he would not rule out that the Accused might have mistakenly applied the
ligature around the Deceased’s neck when he had only intended to tie up the
Deceased’s mouth. At this point, it must be emphasised that it was very clear
from the evidence (in particular from the position of the knot being at the
back of the Deceased’s neck) that when the Accused applied the ligature, the
Accused was positioned at the _back_ of the Deceased, who was _lying face
down_ on the floor. It was not as if the Accused was lying with his face
upwards when the Accused was tying the knot and the Accused could obviously
see that he was not applying the ligature to the mouth but to the neck.

88 The Accused had, at several junctures, repeated that he had no intention to
kill the Deceased and that when he left the flat, the Deceased was still alive
(or so he thought). He also later admitted in his statement and in court that
he had invented two fictional characters when he was interrogated because he
was in a state of shock, fear and confusion. As contemplated by MPH Rubin J in
_PP v Sundarti Supriyanto_ [2004] 4 SLR(R) 622 at [144], to hold the falsified
statements or lies out of court against the accused to corroborate his guilt
or to discredit him as a witness would mean disregarding perfectly acceptable
portions of his testimony in court. This would be a disproportionate reaction,
especially in a trial where capital punishment was involved.

89 It is also poignant to note that there are evidential gaps in the
Prosecution’s case. The Prosecution is faced with the daunting task of proving
that the Accused in fact had the intention to apply the ligature _around the
Deceased’s neck_. That the ligature eventually ended up around the Deceased’s
neck was supported by forensic evidence and that the Accused was the only
person present at the scene was never disputed. However, the specific intent
of the Accused in so applying and tying the ligature around the Deceased’s
neck and not the mouth must still be proved by the Prosecution beyond a
reasonable doubt.

90 I find it compelling to note that the Deceased, when he exited the
Deceased’s flat on the night of 19 June 2008, had left his blue canvas bag
behind. If the Prosecution was correct in describing the Accused as a careful
and meticulous murderer, his act of forgetting his blue bag would have been a
devastating miscalculation on his part. If the Accused had intentionally tied
the ligature around the Deceased’s neck thereby causing his death, it would be
odd to find that having taken the Deceased’s jewellery to ensure that he would
be financially secured for at least the next few days (if not weeks) thus
giving him sufficient time to make his escape possibly out of Singapore, the
Accused would be so perplexingly careless as to leave his belongings as a
voluntary lead for police investigations to track him down. Leaving the bag
behind also showed to some extent that he intended to return to the flat,
which lends some weight to his evidence that he did not know at the time he
left the flat that the Deceased had died. If he knew the Deceased had died, he
probably would not have left his blue canvas bag behind.

91 Moreover, the act of pawning the Deceased’s gold bracelet (P154) at Tekka
Enterprises on 20 June 2008 at around 10.30 am using the Deceased’s identity
card further lends credence to the Accused’s evidence that he did not know
that the Deceased had passed away until he was informed by SSI Zainal Abidin.
If the prosecution was right that the Accused had intended to tie the ligature
around the Deceased’s neck and had thereby caused his death, it would be an
act which baffles and defies common sense to use the Deceased’s identity card
for transactional or even any purpose at all. The prosecution emphasised that
the Accused was no simpleton and was wary not to use his passport to register
for a room in Hotel 12, possibly for the avoidance of police detection. If
this were the logic that had occupied the Accused’s mind after he left the
Deceased’s flat, would it not be contradictory and futile to his efforts of
self-preservation to use the Deceased’s identity card which would expose
himself, sooner or later, to the authorities?

92 The Accused also had in his possession his Malaysian passport throughout
the period when he left the Deceased’s flat up until his arrest. After he had
pawned the Deceased’s gold bracelet (P154) raising a sum of $1,900, would it
not have been the most prudent decision to leave Singapore immediately and
escape the accompanying death penalty once and for all? His actions of
lingering around the streets of Singapore, from pawning a gold chain with a
key-shaped pendant (P167) for $150 at Tekka Enterprises, to later engaging the
services of a prostitute on the 21 June 2008, showed no intention to flee the
country or even cover up his trail and are therefore at odds with the
Prosecution’s case.

93 I now consider whether the Accused had intended to tie the ligature around
the Deceased’s neck to strangle him in order to rob the Deceased of the
jewelleries that the he was wearing at that time. Although motive is not to be
equated with _mens rea per se_ , motive can be a helpful instrument in
pointing us to the right direction as to whether the requisite _mens rea_ for
the offence was in fact present. In my view, a motive of robbery on the
Accused’s part would be highly unlikely. Given that the Deceased had always
been obliging in respect of the Accused’s needs and requests for money, a fact
substantiated by the evidence given by Taher and the Accused himself, the
Accused could have just asked for more money from the Deceased rather than
murder the Deceased in order to steal his gold bracelet, gold chain and hand
phone.

94 It was held in _Jagatheesan s/o Krishnasamy v PP_ [2006] 4 SLR(R) 45 at
[61] that while the prosecution does not have to dispel all conceivable
doubts, the doctrine that the prosecution bears the burden of proving its case
beyond reasonable doubt mandates that, at the very least, those doubts for
which there is a reason that is relatable to and supported by the evidence
presented must be excluded so that no reasonable doubt remains. I am of view
that the doubts raised above are not merely fanciful doubts but those which
are reasonable. The lack of an ‘unbreakable and credible chain of evidence’
(in the words of _XP v PP_ [2008] 4 SLR(R) 686 at [98]) seem to indicate that
there are decidedly reasonable doubts concerning the Accused’s intention in
inflicting the ligature around the Deceased’s neck in order to strangle the
Deceased to death.

95 Thus, following the approach in _Chan Kin Choi_ and _Tan Chee Hwee_ , it
would be prudent to take into account both incriminating and exculpating
statements of the Accused, assigning them with appropriate weights as such,
short of disregarding the exculpating/explanatory portions altogether. The
Accused’s explanation that he did not intend to tie the ligature around the
Deceased’s neck and that he was of the belief that the Deceased was still
alive seem to be, on balance of probabilities, truthful as it is corroborated
by objective circumstantial evidence in the aforementioned [90] to [93]. In
any case, at the very least I am of the view that there is a reasonable doubt
as to whether the Accused had in fact intended to apply the ligature around
the Deceased’s neck. I therefore find that the Prosecution has failed to prove
beyond a reasonable doubt that the act of tying the ligature around the
Deceased’s neck was one that was intentional and not accidental. Accordingly,
the Accused is not guilty of murder under section 300(c) of the Penal Code.

96 The Accused, however, at the point of application of the ligature, must
have known that his act of tying the knot at the back of the Deceased’s head
and tightening the ligature was likely to cause death given the proximity
between the mouth and neck region. This inherent risk was elevated by the fact
that the Deceased was lying face down. As the Deceased was in a prone position
and was struggling when the ligature was applied, the Accused was not given a
clear view of the exact position of the ligature beneath, _ie_ , whether it
was at the mouth, chin or neck area, at the time he tightened the ligature
with a considerable amount of force whilst he was positioned at the back of
the Deceased. As this was the case, the Accused is therefore guilty of
culpable homicide not amounting to murder under section 299 and is therefore
punishable under section 304(b) of the Penal Code:

**Punishment for culpable homicide not amounting to murder** ***304**.Whoever
commits culpable homicide not amounting to murder shall be punished —

…

(b) with imprisonment for a term which may extend to 10 years, or with fine,
or with caning, or with any combination of such punishments, if the act is
done with the knowledge that it is likely to cause death, but without any
intention to cause death, or to cause such bodily injury as is likely to cause
death

Defence of Provocation

97 Even if murder under section 300(c) were to be successfully proven by the
Prosecution beyond a reasonable doubt, this court finds that the defence of
provocation is made out on the evidence and the offence of murder must in any
event be reduced to one of culpable homicide not amounting to murder under
section 299 of the Penal Code.

98 The relationship between the Deceased and the Accused becomes critical in
determining whether the defence of provocation would operate in this present
case. If they were in fact lovers to the extent that the Accused had been
regularly penetrating the anus of the Deceased, then perhaps I may not regard
the alleged provocation, _ie_ , the proposition for anal intercourse, as grave
and sudden under the circumstances. It may not even amount to a provocation at
all.

99 The prosecution maintained that the Accused and Deceased were in fact
lovers. This was based on the oral testimonies of the Prosecution’s witnesses
Taher, Aini and one Mr Seet Seng Hai (“Mr. Seet”) (PW20). However, the extent
of their sexual relationship prior to the incident, in particular whether it
included anal sex, was not clear from the evidence relied on by the
Prosecution.

100 Taher had known the Deceased since 1978 and lived together since 1986.
Their relationship was platonic and they were like siblings. It was Taher’s
evidence that the Deceased and the Accused were lovers. In fact, he himself
was against their relationship as he suspected that the Accused was
financially draining the Deceased. His conclusion that the two were lovers was
based on the following observations:

(a)

The Deceased had expressed to Taher that he loved (“sayang”) the Accused;

(b)

He had seen the Deceased and Accused both leaning against the railing at an
MRT station with their hands clasped together; and

(c)

The Deceased told Taher that he had pawned his jewellery and given the money
to the Accused as he needed money to make a passport.

101 Mr. Seet, on the other hand, was the Deceased’s supervisor/employer at
Sengent Company. During cross-examination, Mr. Seet was asked whether the
‘lover’ mentioned by the Deceased was in fact the Accused or possibly someone
else. Mr Seet’s reply was the Deceased had told him that the lover was his
‘East Malaysian former employee’. In addition to that, the name ‘Astro’ was
also mentioned.

102 The Defence, on the other hand, denied any romantic relationship between
the Deceased and the Accused. Instead, their relationship was akin to mother
and son. The Accused had always felt beholden to the Deceased and described
the Deceased as his ‘adopted family’ in Singapore.

103 With regard to the evidence of the Prosecution witnesses that the Deceased
and Accused were lovers, the Defence submitted that some Prosecution
witnesses, especially Taher, lacked credibility. The Defence disputed Taher’s
observations as mere personal assumptions. His dislike towards the Accused
stemmed from his belief that the latter was taking advantage of the Deceased
from the very moment the Deceased met the Accused.

104 Most significantly, Taher’s evidence on the physical intimacy between the
Deceased and Accused was inconsistent. In his evidence, Taher first said that
he had never seen them kissing or holding hands and admitted that it was his
assumption that they were lovers. However, in the latter part of his evidence,
he then testified that he had witnessed them holding hands and leaning against
the railing near the MRT station.

105 The Defence relied on the close-circuit television (“CCTV”) footage taken
outside the SMRT Clubhouse (P156) which showed the Deceased and Accused
leaving the premises of the clubhouse together. Notably, they were not walking
next to each other. There was, in fact, quite a clear distance between them.
The interaction between the two as captured by the CCTV suggested that the
Deceased and the Accused were just friends and not lovers. This was also
corroborated by the evidence of Sarah Binte Aman who had seen the two walking
near the car park of their HDB flat and that their interaction seemed ‘normal’
without any exchange of romantic gestures.

106 Aini’s evidence in relation to the Accused being the Deceased’s lover was
speculative in the sense that she knew about the relationship from her aunt
and Taher. This is hearsay. She herself was not able to confirm that the
Deceased and the Accused shared a romantic relationship as a matter of fact.
Although her adopted father admitted to being in a relationship with a man and
had promised that he would break off the relationship, the identity of the man
remained a mystery to her.

107 Witnesses who were told directly that the Deceased and the Accused were
lovers were Taher and Mr. Seet. Mr. Seet had only heard from the Deceased that
his lover was Astro but had never seen them in any intimate or romantic
embrace. It was his evidence that before he was told about the romantic
relationship, he once saw the Accused visit the Deceased at the SMRT Clubhouse
and thought they were just friends. As for Taher, his evidence of the intimacy
between the Deceased and Accused had been flickering and bordered on
prejudice.

108 The Accused’s sexual history as established in court revealed that since
the age of 16, he had been involved in several romantic relationships with
girls of his age. He only engaged in vaginal sex but never had anal sex with
any of these girls. He also expressed his dislike and discomfort from unwanted
attention that was showered upon him by homosexual men. I believe this
evidence of the Accused. Thus, this court is inclined to find that, at the
highest, this was a case of unrequited love on the part of the Deceased. This
will not be too surprising if one were to look at the photographs of the
Deceased and take into account the huge age difference between the Accused and
the Deceased. From the totality of the evidence, I do not believe that the
Accused and the Deceased had engaged in anal sex prior to the incident.

109 The defence of provocation is encapsulated in Exception 1 to section 300
of the Penal Code:

**When culpable homicide is not murder** Exception 1.—Culpable homicide is not
murder if the offender whilst deprived of the power of self-control by grave
and sudden provocation, causes the death of the person who gave the
provocation, or causes the death of any other person by mistake or accident.

…

_Explanation_. —Whether the provocation was grave and sudden enough to prevent
the offence from amounting to murder is a question of fact.

110 Chao Hick Tin JA in the case of _Seah Kok Meng v PP_ [2001] 2 SLR(R) 24 at
[21] (“ _Seah Kok Meng_ ”) (in turn citing _PP v Kwan Cin Cheng_ [1998] 1
SLR(R) 434 and _Lau Lee Peng v PP_ [2000] 1 SLR(R) 448) held that there are
two distinct requirements which must be satisfied before the defence of
provocation can be successfully raised. First, is the subjective requirement
that the accused was deprived of his self-control by provocation. Second, is
the objective requirement that the provocation must have been “grave and
sudden” which involved the application of the “reasonable man” test. The
question involves considering whether an ordinary person of the same sex and
age as the Accused, sharing such characteristics as would affect the gravity
of the provocation and placed in the same situation, would have been so
provoked as to lose his self-control.

Actual Loss of Self-Control

111 It was held in _Seah Kok Meng_ that the accused did not, in fact, lose his
self-control due to provocation. The Court of Appeal was minded that after
being informed by his girlfriend that she was molested by the victim, the
accused had the presence of mind to do the only proper thing: to go there to
“rescue” her. On arrival, there was no altercation although the victim was
standing close by. After the accused asked his girlfriend to hang up the phone
and leave, there was some staring between the accused and the victim whereupon
the appellant went to the back lane and came back armed with a wooden stick.
It opined that every move of the accused was very deliberate and that he knew
what he wanted to do, _ie_ , he found his implement and took the offensive
against the victim, literally to teach the latter a lesson.

112 The Prosecution also relied heavily on the case of _Lim Chin Chong v PP_
[1998] 2 SLR(R) 278 (“ _Lim Chin Chong”_) owing to the factual similarities
with the present case. In _Lim Chin Chong_ , the appellant was a 19 year old
Malaysian who worked as a free lance male prostitute whereas the victim was
his employer. After being propositioned for anal intercourse and forcefully
kissed, the appellant killed the victim. The Court of Appeal found that on
evidence, the subjective element had not been satisfied as the evidence showed
beyond doubt that the appellant went about killing the deceased in a cool,
calm and methodical way: after the accused had subdued the deceased with a
punch on his nose, he went out of the room, found some electrical wire and
tied the deceased’s arms and legs. The appellant also gagged the deceased who
was lying in bed calling for help. He then left the room again and found a
long wooden pestle in the kitchen which he decided to use to bludgeon the
deceased. At this juncture, he was interrupted by the return of another male
prostitute and his customer. The appellant calmly went to the bedroom door and
told them that he and the deceased were having sexual intercourse and were not
to be disturbed. These acts, in the court’s view, were not acts of a man who
had lost control of himself and was in a frenzy. They were calculated and
premeditated acts.

113 It was the Defence’s case that the court should take into account the
level of intoxication of the Accused on the night of 19 June 2008. Although
the Accused had admitted to Dr. Kenneth Koh (“Dr. Koh”) (PW 27) that he
usually drinks 6 bottles of alcohol over a day, the Accused’s evidence was he
had consumed 2 ? bottles of alcohol within a span of 3 hours on the night of
the incident. During cross-examination, the Accused testified that the maximum
amount of bottles of alcohol that he could take ‘in one go’ was 2 to 3 bottles
and that after 2 bottles, he would be half-drunk and would not be able to
perform his normal functions.

114 Thus, the defence submitted that as a result of this, the Accused was not
able to retain his self-control when the Deceased repeatedly blackmailed him
and insisted on having anal sex:

Q: Now, why did you punch him, Mr. Astro? Why did you have to punch him? As
his Honour said earlier, when you pushed him, he fell into the cupboard, you
had the chance, just leave. Why did you have to punch him? Understand the
question?

…

A: At that time, I was very angry and he kept on…If I were normal then ---
then I wouldn’t do all these.

Court: If what, sorry? If?

Witness: If I were normal then, then I would not have done all these, your
Honour.

Q: What --- What do you mean by if you were normal? Were you not normal then?

A: Okay, if I were --- if I hadn’t consumed alcohol or if I were normal --- if
I were in a normal situation then I’ll --- I’ll --- the approach that I would
take would be to talk to him. Talk to this --- the deceased…because I had
drunk alcohol, so I was not able to control my anger --- and I was --- as well
as myself. And I found that I became angry pretty fast because of the alcohol
consumption as well. Now that when I think about what happened, your Honour,
I’m also puzzled why I was not able to control my anger because prior to the
19th, he had in fact also touched me but I was able to control myself and not
get angry with him, to be patient. But I don’t know what made me lose my
control on the 19th, that resulted in all this tragedy, your Honour.

115 The Prosecution, on the other hand, submitted that the Accused’s acts
suggested that he was not half-conscious or drunk as he had claimed, _ie_ ,
his evidence which downplayed his sobriety was contradicted by his actions
which demonstrated that his mental faculties were functional and were not
affected by alcohol:

(a)

After rejecting the Accused’s proposition for anal sex, the Accused could
stand up, pull up his boxers, push the Deceased’s hand away and take his jeans
from the bedroom door and put it on;

(b)

When the Deceased was groaning on the floor, the Accused still had the
presence of mind to think of a way to silence the Deceased in order to prevent
the Deceased from calling the police; and

(c)

The following evidence revealed that immediately after the scuffle and tying
up of the Deceased, the Accused was still capable of acting in a methodical
manner:

(i)

Ishak and Aini had given evidence that the Deceased’s bed was well-tucked when
they entered the room. If a scuffle had taken place as the Accused had
alleged, the bed would, in all probability, be in a mess. This showed that the
Accused had tidied up the room before leaving the flat;

(ii)

Ishak and Aini testified that the body was well hidden under a stack of
pillows, cushions and blanket. This evidence was corroborated by the
paramedic’s evidence, Sgt Nasir, who was unable to see the Deceased’s body
when he entered the room and had to ask twice for directions before he could
locate the body. The prosecution submitted that if the Accused had the
presence of mind to tidy the bed and put all clothes in place, it is unlikely
that he had covered the body accidentally;

(iii)

According to the Accused, he finished drinking at about 9.30 pm and by 10 pm,
he had already left the flat. Hence, the time span for which the scuffle
happened up to the point the Deceased was left tied up in the room was
approximately 30 minutes. The fact that everything had happened so rapidly
indicated that the Accused had reacted swiftly and acted speedily. This would
not have been possible if the Accused was half-conscious or half-drunk; and

(iv)

After arriving in Geylang, the Accused who had his passport with him was
mindful not to use his own passport to register for a hotel room. Instead, he
managed to talk one Lawrence Anak Nyuak, into registering the room under the
other’s name.

In light of the above evidence, the Prosecution submitted that the Accused was
not drunk, or even half-drunk as he had claimed, but was fully conscious of
all his actions at the time of incident.

Effect of intoxication on the subjective assessment of loss of self-control

116 In the case of _Seah Kok Meng_ , the court did not take into account the
level of intoxication of the accused in its consideration of whether the
accused had lost his self-control. However, I find that the facts in _Seah Kok
Meng_ are different from the present case. The accused in _Seah Kok Meng_ had
committed murder some seven hours after drinking. The Accused in the instant
case was, on the other hand, inebriated in the sense that prior to the
scuffle, he had just finished a bottle of Guinness Stout. The Prosecution
further tendered its argument that even if the Accused had lost his self-
control, in between the scuffle to his fleeing from the flat, he in fact
regained self-control.

117 I note that counsel has not cited any authorities that dealt directly with
the issue of whether the effects (if any) of intoxication may be taken into
account as a factor in determining the Accused’s loss of self-control when a
Defence of provocation is raised to a murder charge. In _PP v Tharema Vejayan
s/o Govindasamy_ [2009] SGHC 144, the two expert witnesses engaged by the
prosecution and defence respectively were in agreement that the accused was
intoxicated. Their disagreement was over whether the accused was so
intoxicated that he was unable to form the requisite intention for the
commission of the offence. However, when it came to the assessment of whether
the accused actually lost self-control, the court was silent on the point of
intoxication or the effects thereof.

118 There are significant authorities which have been and still are being
raised by various courts across the Commonwealth in relation to the effect of
intoxication on the defence of provocation. Lord Goff in the case of _R v
Morhall [1995] 3 WLR 330_ (House of Lords) at page 337 held that a diminished
capacity for self-control arising from drunkenness (as an altered mental state
affecting capacity for control) is an attribute that is not properly imputable
to the reasonable person based on the general policy not to allow such an
accused person to benefit from voluntary intoxication by drink or drug.

119 This court takes the view that the _subjective assessment_ of whether the
accused lost his self-control is essentially a finding of fact. Such a finding
of fact would only adhere to and reflect reality if the accused’s state of
intoxication (or lack thereof) is taken into account. Any concern that an
intoxicated man would be able to exonerate himself from an offence _solely_
because he was intoxicated could be alleviated as intoxication, at this stage,
is taken as _one of the factors_ in determining whether he was in fact
deprived of his self-control. A finding of intoxication does not automatically
in itself warrant the operation of the defence of provocation, bearing in mind
the need for the semi-objective test that has to be satisfied for this defence
as a whole. See _Seah Kok Meng_.

120 Moreover, taking into account the state of intoxication of an accused in
the _subjective determination_ of loss of self-control would not detract from
public policy in ensuring that no one, by his own volition of taking
intoxicating substances (_ie_ , drink or drug) could be excused of his lack of
self-restraint, short of being completely incapable of controlling himself. It
is important to note that the accused’s state of intoxication is not
attributed to the reasonable man. Hence, the reasonable man is one who is of
the same age and sex of the accused, who shares the peculiar characteristics
(which form the subject of provocation) as the accused but is one who is
sober. The effect of intoxication on the defence of provocation relates only
to the subjective element and the assessment of its effect should be
determined on a case-by case basis, depending on the factual matrix of each
case.

121 Notably, the Canadian courts have been applying the aforementioned
approach. In the case of _Wright v The Queen_ [1969] S.C.R 335, Fauteux J held
that in determining whether the accused acted actually upon the provocation
(applying a subjective test), the character, background, temperament,
idiosyncrasies or the drunkenness of the accused are matters to be considered.
However, they are excluded from the objective test as to hold otherwise would
denude of any sense the objective test. I agree with this approach.

122 Social consumption of alcohol is almost universal in many societies. The
physiological and psychological effects of alcohol vary from one individual to
another. It is regrettable that this court is not assisted by any expert
opinion on this matter pertaining to the effect of alcohol on a person’s level
of self-control and more particularly, whether the Accused had indeed lost his
self-control on that day, having regard to his physical condition and ability
to hold alcohol. This is especially so given that he had actually consumed a
fairly large quantity of alcohol, which was not long before the scuffle and
the subsequent application of the ligature. Even in the absence of expert
opinion, this court, however, finds it proper to take into account and
consider with some weight the effect of alcohol as another factor in the
_subjective determination_ of whether or not the Accused had in fact lost his
self-control. I cannot disregard the oral testimony of the Accused that he had
drunk alcohol and so he was not able to control his anger as well as himself,
and that he had become angry pretty fast because of his alcohol consumption. I
find that this part of the Accused’s oral testimony on the effect of alcohol
on his ability to control himself (viewed subjectively) is not something
fanciful but evidence that I do give some weight to. The Prosecution wisely
did not challenge this evidence on the basis that alcohol has absolutely no
effect on a person’s ability to control himself as it is common knowledge that
it does have some effect, a fact which I can take judicial notice of even in
the absence of expert evidence.

123 As MPH Rubin J in _Sundarti Supriyanto_ at [154] observed:

It cannot be said that a particular trait or pattern of behaviour _must_ be
observed on the part of the accused post-killing, in order to determine
whether she had lost her self-control during the time of killing. Different
people react differently in different situations. This is why the test
pertaining to whether an accused had lost his/her self-control was made
subjective. For instance, the actions of the killer post-killing in _PP v Kwan
Cin Cheng_ differed from the actions of the killer in _Lau Lee Peng v PP_.
Everything depended on the facts of the individual case. **_A general
submission that the calmness of an accused post-killing meant that she must
have been calm throughout the time of killing was not convincing_**.

[emphasis in italics in original, emphasis in bold and italics added]

Although the prosecution highlighted the fact that the Accused was likely to
have tidied up the bed prior to leaving the room, this does not in itself
warrant an inference that the Accused had, throughout the alleged crime, acted
under a clear state of mind. The Accused’s acts (by his own admission and
supported by Aini and Ishak’s evidence) of hastily throwing some clothing back
into the wardrobe and some in the direction where the Accused was tied up
before he left the flat were in contradiction with those of a person who was
sober enough to clean up the aftermath of his crime.

124 This court is therefore inclined to find, on a balance of probabilities,
that on the facts of the case the Accused had lost his self-control. In
contrast with the accused persons in _Seah Kok Meng_ and _Lim Chin Chong_ ,
the time lapse between the scuffle and the Accused’s fleeing the flat was
relatively short, _ie_ , an approximate 30 minutes. Thus it could be inferred
that the Accused’s acts were committed in a state of frenzy without pre-
meditation or any cooling-off period. The appellant in _Lim Chin Chong_ was
found not to have his lost self-control as he had ample time to search for a
deadly weapon and even present himself in a cool and calm manner in the face
of queries by the suspecting male prostitute who ‘interrupted’ his slaying of
the victim. Thus the factual circumstances between _Lim Chin_ Chong and the
present case are quite different.

Sudden and Grave Provocation

125 The Court of Appeal in _Lim Chin Chong_ also did not find that the
provocation was grave and sudden. The alleged provocation was the deceased
propositioning the appellant to engage in anal intercourse and pulling the
appellant onto the bed and kissing him. There was also the threat of setting
secret society members onto the appellant. The court at [31] found that the
propositioning and the kissing taken together could hardly be said to be
provocative or was so disgusting and abhorrent as to have aroused revulsion in
a person who, on his own admission, made a living by prostituting himself to
other men even if he was to be believed that his service did not include
kissing or anal intercourse.

126 If it did, then the immediate and spontaneous reaction was the punch on
the nose which immobilised the deceased to such an extent that appellant was
able to leave the room, find the electrical wire and return to tie the
deceased and gag him. The court in _Lim Chin Chong_ opined that on any
objective test the provocation of being sodomised had simply _evaporated_ and
the threat of being got at by secret members was just a hollow threat. Thus,
the Court of Appeal was of view that there was no grave and sudden provocation
which posed an immediate threat to the appellant.

127 The Defence submitted that the Deceased’s proposition for anal sex and
taunt about how the Accused was being ‘cultivated’ by the Deceased all the
while amounted to grave and sudden provocation.

128 In determining whether there was ‘sudden’ provocation, the Defence
submitted that an analogy should be drawn with the case of _Sundarti
Supriyanto_ whereby a series of abuse with no break in time that provided the
accused with a cooling off period was found to satisfy the requirement of
suddenness. See [155] to [165].

129 The Accused had allegedly been suffering from a ‘series of abuse’, as
coined by the Defence. The ‘series of abuse’ took the form of caressing and
touching by the Deceased. It was the Accused’s evidence that from the first
time he stayed at the Deceased flat (sometime around November 2007), the
Deceased had started caressing him when they were in bed. The series of
touching became more serious when the Deceased started to grope the Accused’s
buttocks on the 18 June 2008. The Accused, although growing increasingly
uncomfortable with these touching, protested in silence as he did not want to
offend the Deceased, his sole source of dependence in Singapore.

130 The Accused testified that on the night of 19 June 2008, he had ‘given up
his dignity’ and allowed the Deceased to perform fellatio on him. Thus, the
account of events, from the touching and caressing up to the point of fellatio
should be viewed as part of an ongoing process in the context of provocation.
When the Deceased further requested for anal sex and taunted the Accused for
being ‘cultivated’ by him, the Accused having earlier succumbed to the
Deceased’s harassment, had had enough and I accept that the Accused suddenly
erupted in rage and lost control of himself.

131 The Prosecution further submitted that during the scuffle, there were
moments when the Accused had time to leave the flat. When the Deceased was
lying on the floor groaning in pain, the ‘provocation’ (if any) had
evaporated. The Defence, on the other hand, submitted that the scuffle and
incidents between the Deceased and Accused were part and parcel of an ongoing
process.

132 Although there was an estimated time lapse of 30 seconds when the Accused
just stared at the Deceased who was lying on the floor, it would be artificial
in my view to carve up the time frame into intervals of seconds and analyse
them rationally. One should be mindful not to expect a man who had acted in
the heat of passion to be able to weigh the golden scales of reaction as one
can in a calm court room. The relatively short interval between the act of
fellatio to the scuffle indicates to me a lack of cooling-off period.
Moreover, there was no evidence of any premeditation on the part of the
Accused. Hence, objectively assessed, the requirement of suddenness is
satisfied.

133 As to whether a proposition of anal sex was ‘grave’, it was found in _DPP
v Camplin_ [1978] A.C. 705 that the deceased’s acts of committing buggery and
later taunting at the accused, a 15 year old boy, was sufficiently grave
provocation.

134 In the Australian case of _Green v R_ [1997] 148 ALR 659 the accused had
been drinking one night with the deceased who was some twenty years older than
him, but whom he viewed as a long-standing and trusted friend. The deceased
made a sexual advance which the accused brushed off, saying that he was not
interested. The accused then went to bed but was followed by the deceased who
came into his room naked, got into bed with him, grabbed hold of the accused
and touched his groin. The accused responded by repeatedly punching the
deceased approximately fifteen times, stabbing him ten times with scissors and
banging the deceased’s head into the bedroom wall.

135 On appeal, Brennan CJ, sitting in the Australian High Court (in a 3:2
decision) held that the ‘real sting’ of the provocation lay in the deceased’s
attempts to ‘violate the sexual integrity of a man who had trusted him as a
friend and a father figure’ and also in ‘his persistent homosexual advances’.

136 The classic justification for the existence of the provocation defence is
that it provides a concession to human frailty. The extension of this defence
to ‘non-violent homosexual advances’ as per the instant case would rest in the
recognition of the fact that most heterosexual men would view such homosexual
advances as sufficiently provocative. The more intrusive the advances, the
more grave and provocative they would be.

137 The Accused in the instant case was outraged, disappointed and sickened by
the Deceased’s proposition for anal intercourse as it was disgusting to him.
The Accused found it inconceivable to engage in anal intercourse, even with
women, and described the act as ‘a dirty channel’ due to its unhygienic
nature. Objectively viewed, an unwanted proposition for anal intercourse in
the circumstances of this case does amount to a grave provocation.

138 In his examination-in-chief, the Accused expressed his despair when the
Deceased reminded him of all the good deeds he had done for the Accused and
that he had secured a roof over the Accused’s head. The case of _DPP v
Camplin_ [1978] A.C. 705 at 726 noted that:

The effect of an insult will often depend entirely on a characteristic of the
person to whom the insult is directed. ‘Dirty nigger’ would probably mean
little if said to a white man or even if said by one coloured man to another;
but it is obviously more insulting when said by a white man to a coloured man.

As Jeremy Horder in _Provocation and Responsibility_ (Clarendon Press, Oxford,
1992) at page 138 pointed out:

[A]t the root of _provoked_ anger, which is different from exasperation or
frustration, lies moral evaluation and judgment. The judgment is one of moral
wrongdoing by another that is experienced as demeaning or potentially
demeaning to oneself, as involving a lowering or potential lowering of one’s
self-respect or self-esteem. In the wake of this judgment of wrongdoing may
flow the familiar sensation of the heating of the blood and the desire (not
necessarily acted on) to retaliate.

_Thus_ , the Deceased’s emotional blackmail translated the Accused’s
subservience into anger and outrage. Such a taunt on the Accused’s financial
and even livelihood dependence on the Deceased was arguably the sting of the
provocation which had added to the gravity of it.

139 This court therefore finds, on balance of probabilities, that the Accused
had lost his self-control in the face of a sudden and grave provocation and
that he had applied the ligature while still being deprived of his power of
self-control.

Defence of Sudden Fight

140 The Defence also sought to rely on Exception 4 to section 300 of the Penal
Code:

_Exception 4_.—Culpable homicide is not murder if it is committed without
premeditation in a sudden fight in the heat of passion upon a sudden quarrel,
and without the offender having taken undue advantage or acted in a cruel or
unusual manner.

141 The three requirements to be met for the defence to operate are:

(a)

There was a sudden fight in the heat of passion upon a sudden quarrel;

(b)

There was an absence of pre-meditation by the accused; and

(c)

The accused did not take undue advantage or act in a cruel or unusual manner.

142 The case of _Tan Chee Wee_ at [60] held that the word “fight” implies
mutual provocation and blows on each side. It is not sufficient merely for
there to be “an offer of violence on both sides” in the words of the court in
_Jusab Usman v State_ [1983] XXIV Guj LR 1148. Worth noting is that the
wording of Exception 4 states “a sudden fight in the heat of passion upon a
sudden quarrel”. As such, this clearly indicates that it must have been the
intention of Legislature that “fight” must mean something more than just a
mere quarrel.

143 There cannot be a fight if the victim keeps quiet and does nothing as that
is simply a one-sided attack. See _Tan Chee Wee_ at [61]. In _Tan Chee Wee_ ,
the appellant had struck the deceased on the head with a hammer. It was
doubtful that this attack could be regarded as a fight as there was no
evidence that there was an exchange of blows even though the attack had
supposedly arisen after the victim had grabbed a knife.

144 The forensic evidence before this court suggests that there is a lack of
fight between the Deceased and Accused. It was A/P Gilbert Lau’s observation
that there were no typical defensive injuries found on the Deceased’s body.

145 The Defence suggested that the congealed blood found on the floor beneath
the Deceased’s head had resulted from an injury caused by the scuffle, in the
form of abrasion, to the lips or face. A/P Gilbert Lau’s reply was that
although he was unable to exclude that possibility entirely, he was of view
that it was very unlikely for the following reasons:

(a)

An abrasion would not have caused much bleeding. The amount of bleeding (as
seen in photograph P44) would have been caused by a laceration. However, no
laceration was found on the Deceased’s face; and

(b)

The congealed blood, in all probability, would have resulted from bleeding
caused by the bursting of capillaries in the nose due to congestion which was
in turn caused by the tightly applied ligature to the neck.

146 Even if I were to characterise the brief struggle as a fight, there is
nothing to show that the ligature was applied during the sudden fight in the
heat of passion _upon a sudden quarrel_. The Deceased’s act of cajoling the
Accused and the Accused’s brushing his advances off cannot in any way be seen
as quarrel. This is crucial because the operation of the exception requires
that there must be a killing whilst both parties are gripped by the
inflammation of passions caused by a sudden quarrel. See _Tan Chee Wee_ at
[63].

147 Given that there is a lack of quarrel and/or fight from the objective
evidence, the first limb of the defence is not made out and this court
therefore takes the view that the defence of sudden fight does not apply to
the present case.

Conclusion

148 In light of the foregoing, I find the Accused not guilty of the charge of
murder under section 300 of the Penal Code. However, I made a finding in [96]
above that Accused is guilty of the offence of culpable homicide under section
299 of the Penal Code. As it was done with the knowledge that it is likely to
cause death, but without any intention to cause death, or to cause such bodily
injury as is likely to cause death, it is punishable under section 304(b) of
the Penal Code. Accordingly I convict him of the offence of culpable homicide
under section 299 and punish him under section 304(b) of the Penal Code. I
shall adjourn for the Prosecution and the Defence to prepare their submissions
on sentence.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 29 Apr 2010 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

