Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Aqua Art Pte Ltd _v_ Goodman Development (S) Pte Ltd  
[2010] SGHC 161

Case Number| :| Suit No 642 of 2009  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 25 May 2010  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Choo Han Teck J  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Pereira Kenetth Jerald (Advocatus Law LLP) for the
plaintiff; Ng Hui-Li Felicia and Yeo Piah Chuan (ComLaw LLC) for the
defendant.  
Parties| :|  Aqua Art Pte Ltd — Goodman Development (S) Pte Ltd  
  
[LawNet Editorial Note: The appeal to this decision in Civil Appeal No 98 of
2010 was allowed by the Court of Appeal on 10 November 2010. See [2011] SGCA
7.]

25 May 2010| Judgment reserved.  
---|---  
  
Choo Han Teck J:

1 Michael Ma (“Michael”) was a director of the plaintiff company which has the
business of a restaurateur. The plaintiff was a member of the Indochine Group
of companies and has an in-house legal counsel who was Terry Toh. Michael
himself was a director of 26 companies. On 17 June 2007, Michael went to see
five shophouses at 306-314 Tanjong Katong Road with the intention of
purchasing some of them. The defendant’s case was that this took place on 16
June, but the discrepancy was not crucial. Michael telephoned his friend
Andrew Neary, who was a senior vice-president of Wisma Atria where Michael’s
companies ran some of their restaurants. Michael and Andrew met the
plaintiff’s property agent Odelia Tan (“Odelia”) from Orange Tee at the
Tanjong Katong shophouses that afternoon. Shortly afterwards, Katherine Poh
O’Malley (“Katherine”), the defendant’s property agent, arrived and met them.
Michael had intended to purchase the shophouses for his companies’ restaurant
business. He looked at the upper floor of the shophouses and noted that they
were used to house the staff. He thought that he too could use the upper floor
as living quarters for his restaurant staff. According to him, he asked
Katherine whether the shophouses were zoned commercial. She said that they
were but she would check with the owner, which according to Michael she did,
and confirmed that the shophouses were zoned “commercial”. Michael was a
permanent resident and according to him, this fact as well as the fact that
permanent residents can only buy residential properties with approval from the
land authorities was known to Katherine. Katherine testified that neither
Odelia nor Michael had asked her if the property was zoned commercial. She
said that she told Michael that the upstairs unit was residential and the
downstairs unit commercial. She also said that Michael was very thorough in
his inspection of the shophouse (they inspected only one of the five). Michael
also took several photographs of the five shophouses.

2 About 7 or 8pm on the same day and after some negotiations, the price for
the five shophouses was agreed at $7.72m by the parties. Michael asked to have
the option to purchase stipulate that he or his nominee was to be the
purchaser, and to have the option that evening. Katherine then met him later
that evening at his club at 47 Club Street where she recorded his name for the
option. She collected a cheque for $77,200 being 1% of the purchase price.
Katherine got the option signed by the defendant the next day and handed it to
Odelia. The option was dated 17 June 2007. Michael thought that option was
signed and handed over on the evening of 17 June, but nothing turned on this
part of the story. Patrick Tan & Associates were then appointed to act as
solicitors for the plaintiff in this matter, and on 9 July 2007 they exercised
the option on behalf of the plaintiff. A cheque for $308,800 was issued in the
defendant’s favour. Patrick Tan & Associates lodged a caveat against the
shophouses on 25 July 2007 to protect the plaintiff’s interests.

3 Michael deposed in his evidence-in-chief that the plaintiff’s solicitors
told him on 8 August 2007 that the shophouses were zoned “Residential with
Commercial at 1st Storey”. On 29 August 2007, the plaintiff’s solicitors wrote
to the defendant’s solicitors the contents of which were as follows:

1.We refer to our letter dated 27 August 2007 and the phone conversation
between your Mr Yeo and our Mr Patrick Tan yesterday evening.

2.We are instructed that one of our clients’ directors Mr Michael Ma has
contacted and spoken to your clients’ Mrs Pak regarding the state of affairs
of the transaction. Although Mrs Pak remains keen to continue with the sale of
the Properties, the transaction cannot, as of now, be completed due to the
restrictions imposed by the Residential Properties Act (“RPA”).

3.Our legal requisition reply from the URA has confirmed that the Properties
are zoned as “residential with commercial at 1st storey only”. This means that
the Properties are classified as “restricted residential properties” and
cannot be sold or transferred to a foreigner (which includes a Singapore
Permanent Resident) or a company which is not wholly owned by Singaporeans
unless approval is obtained from the Land Dealings (Approval) Unit (“LDU”) or
that the Properties are strata subdivided.

4.As far as the application for approval from the LDU is concerned, the LDU
has confirmed with our clients that a foreign owner, even if approval is
granted, can only own one restricted property at any one time, whether
directly or indirectly. This being the case, any application by our clients to
the LDU would most probably be unsuccessful given that our clients’ Mr Michael
Ma (who is one of the directors of our clients) is already an existing owner
of a restricted property.

5.The only practical approach left would thus be to apply for the Properties
to be strata subdivided. However, as this application takes time, our clients
need your clients to grant (a) an extension of time for the completion until
the application for strata subdivision is completed, (b) a letter of
authorization permitting our clients to instruct your clients’ previous
surveyors M/s Wang & E F Tan to apply for the strata subdivision of the
Properties, and (c) to provide our clients with a fresh Option reflecting that
our clients will be purchasing the Properties as ten (10) separate units
subject to the application for the strata subdivision of the Properties.

6.As both of our clients remain committed in completing the transaction, we
urge you to impress upon your clients on the current predicament and the need
for the application to strata subdivide the Properties. Otherwise, the
transaction will have to be aborted, which is neither the intention of your
clients nor ours.

7.Meanwhile, our clients understand that unit nos. 306A, 310A, 312A and 314A
are currently untenanted. As our clients need 3 of these units (upper floors)
to house their staff, our clients ask if your clients are prepared to lease
the same to our clients on a month to month basis at a monthly rent of
S$1,200.00 per unit pending the application for strata subdivision of the
Properties.

8.In view of the urgency of the matter, kindly revert with your clients’
instructions soonest possible.

The “Properties” in the letter above referred to the five shophouses. It was
not disputed that the option exercised on 9 July 2007 was a plain sale and
purchase of the five shophouses in one title. Although the plaintiff merely
asked the defendant to help it apply for a strata sub-division in order to
convert the shophouses into ten units, by the same letter set out above
(paragraph 5) it also asked that “a fresh option” be given to the plaintiff.
Naturally, that was a fundamental change in the terms and the defendant was
not obliged to agree. There was no evidence at trial to show that if the
shophouses were given strata sub-division the plaintiff would have been
entitled to purchase them. Neither was there evidence that an application for
strata sub-division was bound to succeed. From the evidence, as far as the
defendant was concerned, he had a simple sale and purchase agreement for the
sale of its shophouses. The plaintiff’s position was complicated by Michael’s
status as a foreigner. How it (and Michael) had hoped to secure the purchase
only they would know. The evidence only hinted that the plaintiff (and
Michael) must have been busy in the background between the time the option was
secured and the plaintiff’s letter of 29 August 2007.

4 In response to that letter of 29 August 2007, the defendant’s solicitors
wrote on 13 September to say that the defendant was not aware that the
plaintiff was not qualified to purchase the shophouses and since the sale
could not be completed the defendant was forfeiting the deposit. They also
rejected the plaintiff’s request to lease the shophouses to it pending a
subdivision the shophouses into strata titles. The defendant also gave notice
to the plaintiff to remove the caveat lodged. The plaintiff, however,
continued to persevere and its legal counsel, Terry Toh, wrote to the
defendant on 25 September 2007 asking that the defendant discuss the matter
directly with the plaintiff, and proceed with the strata-sub-division. In this
letter, the defendant also placed on record for the first time that Michael
“entered into the agreement to purchase the above properties on the basis of
representations made by [the defendant’s] property agent that the property can
be purchased by foreigners”, and further, that the tenancy agreements sent by
the defendant to the plaintiff indicated that the shophouses were commercial
properties.

5 In the end, the plaintiff was unable to proceed with the purchase because it
was a foreign-owned company. It however refused to remove the caveat and the
defendant applied by Originating Summons No 1840 of 2007K to compel it to do
so. The Originating Summons was heard on 22 January 2008 with the plaintiff
(defendant in the Originating Summons) not appearing. The court declared the
option to Michael to be null and void by reason of s 3 of the Residential
Property Act (Cap 274, 2009 Rev Ed) (“the Act”) (which prohibited a foreigner
from buying residential property in Singapore and declared any such
transaction to be null and void). The plaintiff was thus ordered to withdraw
the caveat and pay costs to the defendant. The plaintiff did not explain why
it did not appear at the hearing of the Originating Summons if not to
challenge the application, at least to ask for its deposit to be repaid. The
defendant in taking out the application under the Originating Summons did not
ask for the ancillary order that the deposit be forfeited. It seemed to me
that it was not the right moment for either side to be reticent about the full
claim. The result of that coyness was that it became necessary for the
plaintiff to commence this suit.

6 In this suit, the plaintiff asked for the return of its deposit on the
ground that it was induced into the contract by a misrepresentation made by
the defendant’s director Eu It Hai (“Eu”) and property agent Katherine. It was
a claim I do not accept. Michael Ma represented the plaintiff throughout the
transaction. He lived in a shophouse similar to the ones in issue, he was
accompanied by the plaintiff’s property agent Odelia who had been in the
business since 1999 and had been the plaintiff’s agent for six years prior to
the transaction in question. I do not believe that she did not know that the
shophouses were zoned commercial with residential on 1st storey. The
indications from the photographs and inspection must have alerted her just as
they should have alerted Michael. Michael also brought along one Andrew Neary,
who was the property manager of the plaintiff’s premises in Wisma Atria, to
view the shophouses. Michael personally took a number of photographs of the
shophouses and it was obvious from the photographs that the upper floors were
being used for residential purposes. Although Andrew Neary testified that
Katherine told them (Michael, Odelia, and himself) that the owner had said the
shophouses were zoned “commercial”, he said under cross-examination that the
upper floor of the unit that they inspected had a kitchen, bathrooms, and
bedrooms and seemed to him to be residential. So far as the claim that
Katherine had told them that the owner said that the shophouses were zoned
commercial is concerned, I accept Katherine’s evidence. I accept that she did
not tell Michael that the property was zoned commercial or that the owner had
said so. There was a lapse of about three weeks from the payment of the 1% on
17 June 2007 and the payment of the remainder of the 5% on 9 July 2007. I do
not accept that the plaintiff would pay $308,800 without verifying whether the
shophouses were zoned commercial. The plaintiff had professionals in law and
property, the experience and business acumen of Michael, and above all, time,
to verify the one point that seemed most important to it – the zoning of the
shophouses. I am satisfied that when the balance of the deposit was paid, the
plaintiff knew what the zoning was. I therefore find that the plaintiff’s
claim on misrepresentation fails.

7 That leads me to the plaintiff’s claim that since the contract was declared
null and void by the order of court in the Originating Summons proceedings,
the deposit must be returned as a matter of natural consequence of a void
contract. In this case, the contract was not merely void on some innocuous
ground, but void by reason of a breach of a statutory provision. Pursuant to s
3 of the Act, the defendant as vendor was prohibited from transferring
residential property to a foreigner, and the plaintiff as a foreigner was
prohibited from purchasing residential property. Section 36 of the Act
provides a general punishment of a fine up to $5,000 or a term of imprisonment
up to three years or both. I do not think that it has been established as a
matter of law that a purchaser in a contract rendered void by s 3 would never
be able to recover money paid over by him to the vendor. However, given the
serious nature of a breach under s 3, the party seeking the court’s assistance
in recovering money paid under such a contract must at least be able to show
that he had a strong case that it would only be fair and just that he recovers
his money. In this case, I find as a fact that Michael knew that he was unable
to buy residential property and that he probably knew that the shophouses were
residential property, and, in any event, the evidence indicated clearly that
it would not be safe for him to pay over the money without verification or
contractual protection. The defendant owner did not deal with Michael or the
plaintiff. I find that when the option was given (on 17 June 2007) and when it
was exercised later on, neither Eu nor Katherine knew that Michael was not
entitled to purchase the property. In the past, the courts have indicated that
(in similar but not exactly the same situations) a purchaser who had parted
with his money will not be able to recover it if the contract was void under s
3. This was so held in _Cheng Mun Siah v Tan Nam Sui_ [1979-1980] SLR(R) 611
(in relation to an earlier version of the Act) and _Lim Xue Shan v Ong Kim
Cheong_ [1990] 2 SLR(R) 102. _Tan Cheow Gek v Gimly Holdings Pte Ltd_ [1992]
SLR(R) 240 involved a payment to a stakeholder, but Judith Prakash J seemed to
accept that the principle in the other two cases was correct but applied only
to payments by the purchaser directly to the vendor. The learned judge seemed
to hold the view that where money was deposited with a stakeholder (and not to
the vendor as was the case before me) the vendor was only entitled to forfeit
it the purchaser was the party in default. The plaintiff who knows that he
could not buy a property by reason of s 3 cannot be in a better position than
one who did not know.

8 So far as the 1% was concerned, there is no doubt that it was the price paid
for the option, separate from the contract for sale. In that case, there is no
question that the defendant was entitled to the $77,200 so paid. In respect of
the $308,800 on the facts as I found them, it seems to me that equity and law
are against granting relief to the plaintiff. I therefore dismiss the
plaintiff’s claim with costs to the defendant to be taxed if not agreed.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 25 May 2010 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

