Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Keppel Singmarine Dockyard Pte Ltd _v_ Ng Chan Teng  
[2010] SGCA 10

Case Number| :| Civil Appeal No 12 of 2009 (Originating Summons No 556 of
2008)  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 10 March 2010  
Tribunal/Court| :| Court of Appeal  
Coram| :|  Chao Hick Tin JA; Andrew Phang Boon Leong JA; V K Rajah JA  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Anparasan s/o Kamachi and Sharon Lin Hui Yin
(KhattarWong) for the appellant; Namasivayam Srinivasan (Hoh Law Corporation)
for the respondent.  
Parties| :|  Keppel Singmarine Dockyard Pte Ltd — Ng Chan Teng  
  
[LawNet Editorial Note: The decision from which this appeal arose is reported
at [2009] 2 SLR(R) 647.]

10 March 2010|  
---|---  
  
V K Rajah JA (delivering the grounds of decision of the court):

Introduction

1 This appeal arose from the decision of a High Court judge (“the Judge”) in
Originating Summons No 556 of 2008 (see _Ng Chan Teng v Keppel Singmarine
Dockyard Pte Ltd_ [2009] 2 SLR(R) 647 (“the GD”)). The Judge had allowed an
application by the plaintiff/respondent, Ng Chan Teng, made pursuant to s 54B
of the Subordinate Courts Act (Cap 321, 2007 Rev Ed) (“SCA”) read with s 18
and para 10 of the First Schedule of the Supreme Court of Judicature Act (Cap
322, 2007 Rev Ed), to transfer his action against the appellant, Keppel
Singmarine Dockyard Pte Ltd, from the District Court to the High Court.

2 Section 54B of the SCA reads as follows:

**General power to transfer from subordinate courts to High Court**

54B. —(1) Where it appears to the High Court, on the application of a party to
any civil proceedings pending in a subordinate court, that the proceedings, by
reason of its involving some important question of law, or being a test case,
or _for any other sufficient reason_ , should be tried in the High Court, it
may order the proceedings to be transferred to the High Court.

(2) An order under subsection (1) may be made on such terms as the court sees
fit.

[emphasis added]

3 At the conclusion of the hearing before us, we allowed the appeal and set
aside the Judge’s order. We now give the reasons for our decision.

Background

4 The respondent, a shipwright, was a former employee of the appellant. On 13
November 2001, the respondent was involved in an industrial accident whilst
working on the premises of the appellant. He sustained severe injuries to his
right arm as a consequence. The respondent subsequently instituted legal
proceedings in the District Court against the appellant to recover
compensation for his personal injuries and for consequential losses suffered.
The respondent alleged, in the proceedings, that his injuries were caused by
the negligence and/or breach of statutory duty (under the Factories Act (Cap
104, 1998 Rev Ed)) on the part of the appellant.

5 Despite the fact that the respondent’s former solicitors had quantified the
total damages claimed by the respondent to be in the region of $725,000, a sum
which far exceeded the jurisdictional limit of the District Court (which was
capped at $250,000: see s 2 of the SCA), no steps were taken by them to
transfer the matter from the District Court to the High Court. Then, without
ever directly addressing the issue of the District Court’s jurisdiction for
the quantum being claimed, on 7 May 2004, the parties entered a consent
interlocutory judgment and agreed to a 70%:30% split in liability (in favour
of the respondent), with damages to be assessed.

6 On 25 May 2006, the respondent appointed his present solicitors. They
immediately recognised that his claim exceeded the District Court’s
jurisdictional limit. However, in the light of the Court of Appeal’s decision
in _Ricky Charles s/o Gabriel Thanabalan v Chua Boon Yeow_ [2003] 1 SLR(R) 511
(“ _Ricky Charle_ s”), they did not apply to transfer the action to the High
Court. We will elaborate on this point below at [8].

7 Nevertheless, on 5 April 2007, the respondent brought an application before
the District Court, pursuant to O 14 r 12 of the Rules of Court (Cap 322, R 5,
2006 Rev Ed), to determine whether the deduction for contributory negligence
was to be made from the District Court limit or from the actual damages
assessed. This issue was eventually resolved by this court on 20 February
2008: see _Keppel Singmarine Dockyard Pte Ltd v Ng Chan Teng_ [2008] 2 SLR(R)
839 (“ _Keppel Singmarine Dockyard_ ”).

The decision in Keppel Singmarine Dockyard

8 The present application was apparently filed as a result of certain
observations made by this court in _Keppel Singmarine Dockyard_. After
determining that the deduction for contributory negligence ought to be made
from the actual damages assessed and not from the District Court limit, this
court went on to make known its views in relation to the decision in _Ricky
Charles_. To facilitate understanding, we now briefly recapitulate the salient
points that were decided in that matter. In _Ricky Charles_ , the appellant
commenced an action in the District Court against the respondent for damages
for personal injuries. The parties eventually agreed to enter a consent
interlocutory judgment on liability leaving damages to be assessed by the
court. Subsequently, the appellant filed an application pursuant to s 38 (as
it was then, and which was the predecessor to the current s 54B) of the SCA to
transfer the proceedings from the District Court to the High Court, on the
ground that his damages might exceed the jurisdictional limit of the District
Court. The High Court dismissed the application, and its decision was affirmed
by the Court of Appeal, which held at [16]:

We did not think that it is within the spirit of [s 38], which requires the
matter to be “ _one which should be tried in the High Court_ ”, to permit a
transfer of a case where interlocutory judgment had already been obtained in
the District Court, leaving only the quantum to be assessed, and what was
sought to be transferred to the High Court was merely the assessment of
damages. This would be to truncate a single proceeding and blur the
distinction between the two jurisdictions. **By obtaining an interlocutory
judgment in the District Court, the appellant had affirmed his claim within
the jurisdiction of that court**.

[emphasis in original in italics; emphasis added in bold]

9 With regard to the above, this court in _Keppel Singmarine Dockyard_ noted
(at [32]–[39]) that:

32 In our view, the specific holding in _Ricky Charles_ that an action
commenced in the District Court may not be transferred to the High Court where
interlocutory judgment has already been entered in the former court should not
be followed as it proceeded on the wrong assumptions. First, the “affirmation
of jurisdiction” approach taken by the Court of Appeal in that case (at [16])
plainly extends only to the limit of the claim _then_ being sought, which
limit is premised purely on an existing expectation _at that point in time_ by
the plaintiff's counsel as to the quantum potentially recoverable. The
entering of an interlocutory judgment is not a legal affirmation of a lower
court’s jurisdiction over the plaintiff's claim for the _entire duration_ of
the proceedings, in the course of which the plaintiff may amend his claim
_vis-à-vis, inter alia_ , the quantum claimed. … Secondly, a defendant cannot
complain of being prejudiced if the law indeed permits the plaintiff to have
his claim assessed to its full extent in the proper court. If a genuine
mistake has been made by the plaintiff as to the quantum of his claim or if
there has been a material change in circumstances after the action is
commenced … surely, it is only right that a transfer of the proceedings from
the District Court to the High Court be permitted in appropriate cases so that
the plaintiff receives the full amount which he is legitimately entitled to.
Further, we see, in principle, no difference between a transfer of proceedings
before interlocutory judgment has been entered and after such judgment has
been entered. …

…

35 As to what constitutes “sufficient reason” for a transfer of proceedings in
the context of s 54B(1) of the [SCA] (the current equivalent of s 38 of the
1999 Act), we acknowledge that, in some common law jurisdictions, it has been
expressly enacted that the fact that the amount to be awarded to the claimant
is likely to exceed the jurisdictional limit of the inferior court would be a
proper ground for a transfer. …

…

38 In a similar vein, this court in Ricky Charles … opined at [15] that the
possibility of the plaintiff's damages exceeding the jurisdictional limit of
the District Court would ordinarily be regarded as a “sufficient reason” for a
transfer of proceedings under s 38 of the 1999 Act. As this view is in line
with the practice in other common law jurisdictions and is moreover consistent
with what was stated in Parliament when the Subordinate Courts (Amendment)
Bill 2005 was introduced … we could not agree more.

39 To conclude, we are of the view that even if a plaintiff mistakenly enters
a consent interlocutory judgment in the wrong court (ie, in the District Court
instead of in the High Court), there is no reason why the assessment of
damages cannot thereafter be transferred to the High Court **if no real
prejudice would be caused to the defendant**. In our opinion, the position in
respect of the transfer of proceedings ought to be symmetrical both before and
after interlocutory judgment has been entered. We would further add that the
“prejudice” to the defendant from a transfer of proceedings from a District
Court to the High Court cannot possibly consist of the fact that the damages
awarded would exceed $250,000 if the transfer were allowed. **In our view,
some form of irreversible change of position or deviation from a prior express
agreement on damages must be shown in order to demonstrate that the transfer
of proceedings would cause the defendant real prejudice that cannot be
compensated by costs**.

[emphasis in original in italics; emphasis added in bold]

10 This Court in _Keppel Singmarine Dockyard_ was, therefore, of the view that
the specific holding in _Ricky Charles_ , that an action commenced in the
District Court may not, as a matter of principle, be transferred to the High
Court where interlocutory judgment has already been entered in the former
court, was incorrect. However, as there had been no application to transfer
proceedings, this court’s observations were plainly made _as an aside_ (or to
borrow a trite Latin expression, “ _obiter_ ”). Relying solely on our general
observations in _Keppel Singmarine Dockyard_ , the respondent then applied to
transfer the District Court action to the High Court on 24 April 2008.

The decision below

11 After considering our observations in _Keppel Singmarine Dockyard_ , the
Judge allowed the application. These were his reasons. First, employing the
broad definition of “sufficient reason” endorsed in _Keppel Singmarine
Dockyard_ , the Judge accepted that the possibility that the respondent’s
damages would exceed the jurisdictional limit of the District Court was alone
“sufficient reason” for the transfer of the proceedings: see [23]–[24] of the
GD. Second, the Judge found that the appellant would not suffer “real
prejudice” if the transfer of proceedings was acceded to. As the consent
interlocutory judgment had not been set aside, the appellant would not be
deprived of the respondent’s admission of 30% liability. Although the
appellant might have to pay a larger amount of damages, the Judge held that
this could not constitute “real prejudice” as pointed out by this court in K
_eppel Singmarine Dockyard_ : see [25] of the GD.

The present proceedings

12 At the outset, we must emphasise that although the Judge (at [12] of the
GD) considered that this court’s decision in _Keppel Singmarine Dockyard_ was
a decision _on the very facts of the present case_ , this was not correct. Our
observations on the impact of _Ricky Charles_ as regards the transfer of
proceedings were made in a general way without the benefit of full arguments
on this issue and a proper appraisal of the facts of the present case. Indeed,
we should also point out that in _Keppel Singmarine Dockyard_ , we took pains
to point out (at [39]) that although proceedings could be transferred to the
High Court after interlocutory judgment had been entered, this was subject to
the proviso that _no real prejudice_ would be caused to the defendant.
However, the issue of prejudice was neither fully canvassed before, nor
addressed, by this court in _Keppel Singmarine Dockyard_.

The issues and the arguments

13 The only two issues raised in this appeal were (a) whether there was
sufficient reason for the order of transfer of proceedings to be made, and (b)
whether the appellant would be prejudiced by the transfer of proceedings.

14 First, the appellant contended that the respondent had failed to provide
sufficient reason for an order of transfer to be made because the fact that
the quantum of damages would exceed the jurisdiction of the District Court did
not in itself constitute “sufficient reason” under s 54B of the SCA. In
particular, the appellant highlighted that there was no fresh medical evidence
to show that the respondent’s medical condition had worsened in the course of
proceedings. Second, the appellant contended that irretrievable prejudice
would be caused to the appellant if the order of transfer was allowed. This
was because the appellant had agreed to forgo the right to litigate the issue
of liability on the understanding that the maximum amount of damages claimable
would not exceed the District Court jurisdictional limit. The appellant
therefore argued that as consent judgments cannot generally be set aside, to
allow the transfer proceedings would be tantamount to allowing the respondent
to rescind on its implicit agreement to have the damages capped at the
District Court jurisdictional limit. Furthermore, even to set aside the
interlocutory judgment and re-litigate the action would not be feasible in the
light of the practical difficulties arising from the significant lapse of time
since the date of the accident. Particular concern was expressed in relation
to the availability of witnesses. Finally, the appellant contended that the
respondent should be seeking recourse against his previous solicitors (in a
negligence action) instead.

15 The respondent contended that the Judge had not erred in his interpretation
of the term “sufficient reason”. Further, the respondent contended that to
require the appellant to compensate the full extent of the respondent’s
injuries (as opposed to a sum capped by the District Court’s jurisdictional
limit) did not suffice as prejudice suffered by the appellant. Finally, the
respondent contended that entering an interlocutory judgment in the wrong
court was a procedural defect which ought to be subservient to the need for
substantive justice. The law ought to allow the respondent to receive the
maximum extent of compensation possibly recoverable for the injuries he
sustained.

Our decision

16 We were in agreement with the Judge that the likelihood that a plaintiff’s
damages would exceed the jurisdictional limit of the District Court would,
ordinarily, be regarded as “sufficient reason” for the transfer of proceedings
to the High Court under s 54B of the SCA. As the respondent’s claim here was
likely to exceed the $250,000 mark (see [24] of the GD), we found that the
respondent had given sufficient reason to _prima facie_ satisfy the transfer
threshold.

17 That said, the mere existence or presence of a “sufficient reason” does not
automatically entitle a party to have the proceedings transferred from the
District Court to the High Court. A holistic evaluation of all the material
circumstances needs to be undertaken in every case where a transfer
application is made; in particular, the court needs to assess the prejudice
that might be visited upon the party resisting such a transfer. The words “may
order” in s 54B of the SCA, at [2] above, make it abundantly clear that every
transfer under the subject provision is a discretionary one requiring a
principled approach that requires a balancing of the respective competing
interests of the parties. Here, we were of the view that the Judge failed to
consider adequately the prickly issue of what prejudice might be suffered by
the appellant if the proceedings were to be transferred to the High Court. The
respondent had contended that, in _Keppel Singmarine Dockyard_ , this court
held (at [39]) that “prejudice” to the defendant from a transfer of
proceedings from a District Court to the High Court could not possibly consist
of the fact that the damages awarded would exceed $250,000 if the transfer
were allowed. This was also the position relied upon by the Judge: see [25] of
the GD. Nevertheless, here, in our view, the “prejudice” suffered by the
appellant was not simply that the damages awarded could exceed the District
Court’s jurisdictional limit. These are our reasons.

18 First, at the time the parties entered the consent interlocutory judgment,
it was thought that, following _Ricky Charles_ , by entering the interlocutory
judgment in the District Court, the parties would be taken to have affirmed
the jurisdiction of the District Court and would, therefore, be barred from
transferring proceedings to the High Court. Thus, as persuasively contended by
the appellant, it had agreed to the consent judgment on the basis that the
extent of its liability would be capped at the District Court jurisdictional
limit. We were satisfied on the basis of the affidavit evidence tendered in
these proceedings that it was rather unlikely that the appellant would have
agreed to a consent order on the same terms had they known of this potential
exposure. To allow for the transfer of proceedings now would, therefore,
prejudicially expose the appellant to increased damages. The Judge did not
place sufficient weight on the fact that, substantively, the basis of the
agreement between the parties had changed because the 70% liability was no
longer limited to the jurisdictional limit of the District Court. As an aside,
we should perhaps point out that it may be more difficult for a transfer to be
resisted only on this ground if an interlocutory judgment on liability alone
is entered after our decision in _Keppel Singmarine Dockyard_.

19 Second, we could not disregard the fact that the application to transfer
proceedings was made almost four years after the consent interlocutory
judgment had been entered. In other words, both parties had accepted and
relied on the consensual agreement for a substantial period of time. It was
not an insignificant consideration that the appellant’s insurers had, after
the interlocutory judgment was entered, set aside only a reserve of $250,000
(the maximum sum payable based on the District Court jurisdictional limit)
pursuant to regulations prescribed by the Monetary Authority of Singapore.

20 Third, even if we were to exercise our discretion to transfer the
proceedings on the condition that the consent order was to be set aside, the
appellant would nevertheless still be prejudiced by the transfer. Certain
interlocutory processes have already been completed since the interlocutory
judgment was entered. Not only (as noted above) would the appellant be
deprived of an agreement which it had relied upon for a not insubstantial
period of time, the parties might also then have to re-litigate their
respective liabilities. We noted that this application to transfer proceedings
was made six to seven years from the date the accident took place. The
appellant quite rightly underscored the fact that many practical difficulties
might arise if the issue of liability had also to be re-opened, including the
length of time from the date of the accident, the availability of witnesses
and the ensuing prejudice. To require the appellant to defend its case on
liability despite the significant lapse of time since the accident occurred
would be severely prejudicial to its interests.

Conclusion

21 Notwithstanding our sympathies for the plight of the respondent, we found
that in the light of the prevailing circumstances (and in particular the
delay), a transfer of the proceedings from the District Court to the High
Court would result in “real prejudice” to the appellant. We therefore allowed
the appeal with costs here and below.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 10 Mar 2010 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

