Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Lim Kay Han Irene _v_ Public Prosecutor  
[2010] SGHC 87

Case Number| :| Magistrate's Appeal No 331 of 2009  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 17 March 2010  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Chao Hick Tin JA  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Sant Singh and Chen Chee Yen (Tan Rajah & Cheah) for the
appellant; Lee Lit Cheng (The Attorney-General's Chambers) for the respondent.  
Parties| :|  Lim Kay Han Irene — Public Prosecutor  
  
17 March 2010|  
---|---  
  
Chao Hick Tin JA:

Introduction

1 This was an appeal against the decision of the district judge (“the DJ”) in
_Public Prosecutor v Lim Kay Han Irene_ [2009] SGDC 383 (the “GD”). In the
district court, the appellant was convicted of one charge of drink driving and
sentenced to a term of imprisonment of two weeks and a disqualification from
driving for a period of four years. Unhappy with the custodial sentence, the
appellant appealed. While imprisonment terms are not an uncommon punishment
for drink driving offences, this particular appeal involved exceptional
circumstances which warranted the allowing of the appeal. I set aside the
imprisonment term and substituted in its place a fine of $5,000. I shall now
set out the reasons for my decision.

The factual background

2 The appellant, a female of 59 years of age, was a member of the medical
profession. In the early hours of 27 April 2009, at about 1:32 am, she was
observed by an officer manning the Expressway Monitoring Advisory System
(“EMAS”) to be sitting on the driver seat of motor vehicle EV 4046S (the
“car”) which was stationary along the Pan Island Expressway (“PIE”). Another
EMAS officer, Mahapandi Bin Embi (“Mr Embi”) was dispatched to the scene,
located along lane three of the PIE in the direction of Tuas near the exit of
Clementi Avenue 6, to make enquiries. He arrived at 1:38 am and observed that
the car was stationary with its engine running and the headlights on. However,
its hazard lights were not turned on. Mr Embi approached the car and spoke to
the appellant. In the course of their conversation, Mr Embi noticed that the
appellant had alcoholic breath and informed the Traffic Police Ops Control
Centre.

3 Shortly a traffic police officer, Cpl Noor Hibayah arrived at the scene and
he observed that the appellant’s breath smelled of alcohol. He conducted a
breath analyzer test on the appellant which she failed. The appellant was
subsequently placed under arrest for driving while under the influence of
alcohol and escorted to the Traffic Police Department for a Breath Evidential
Analyzer (“BEA”) Test to be conducted. This was done at about 3:47 am. The BEA
Test result revealed that, for every 100 millilitres (“ml”) of the appellant’s
breath, there contained 129 microgrammes (“mg”) of alcohol. Accordingly, a
charge of drink driving, pursuant to section 67(1)(b) of the Road Traffic Act
(Cap 276, 2004 Rev Ed) (“RTA”), was brought against the appellant. She did not
contest the charge and pleaded guilty.

4 In mitigation before the DJ and in submissions before me, counsel for the
appellant, Mr Sant Singh SC (“Mr Singh”), provided further context to the
incident. Mr Singh explained that the appellant was a senior consultant with
the KK Women’s and Children’s Hospital and possessed over 25 years’ experience
in the practice of radiology. On 26 April 2009, the day before the incident,
the appellant and her husband took a friend and colleague of theirs, one Dr
Marielle V Fortier (“Dr Fortier”), who had just arrived in Singapore and was
temporarily residing in the appellant’s home, to lunch during the course of
which the appellant consumed some wine. After lunch, at around 3 pm, the
appellant upon returning to her home, was notified that her aunt, Ms Lee Joo
Har (“Aunt”), had suffered an extensive nasal haemorrhage. The appellant
shared a very close relationship with her Aunt, a point which will be further
elaborated on later (see [31] below). Immediately thereafter, the appellant
arranged for her Aunt to be sent to the National University Hospital (“NUH”).
This sequence of events was confirmed by Dr Fortier in a letter dated 29 May
2009. A discharge summary from NUH further confirmed that the Aunt was
admitted into NUH on 26 April 2009.

5 After seeing to the administrative arrangements at the hospital, the
appellant returned home at around 9 pm for dinner during which she again drank
some wine. Mr Singh emphasised that the appellant was, at this time, very
disturbed by her Aunt’s hospitalisation. The appellant went to bed at around
10:30 pm. However, before turning in, the appellant consumed a glass of whisky
as a nightcap. At 1:20 am, on 27 April 2009, the appellant was awoken up by a
telephone call from NUH. She was informed that her Aunt’s condition had taken
a turn for the worse and her Aunt had been transferred to the Intensive Care
Unit of NUH. Fearing that the worst might happen to the Aunt, the appellant
immediately got into her car and drove to NUH, hoping to get there as quickly
as possible. From her home at Ascot Rise, the appellant first drove along
Dunearn Road before making a u-turn into Bukit Timah Road and heading north
towards Clementi Road. The appellant had intended to turn left into Clementi
Road but missed the turn and instead found herself turning into the PIE.
Realising her mistake, the appellant intended to exit the PIE via the Toh Guan
Exit. However, her car unexpectedly stalled, causing it to be stationary along
the PIE. Thereafter, the events were as described in [2] and [3] above.

The DJ’s decision

6 The DJ observed (at [10] of the GD) that, while generally a fine would be
the norm for a first offender like the appellant, in circumstances where there
were aggravating factors, a custodial sentence may be appropriate. She wrote:

10\. As a starting point, as stated in _Sentencing Practice in the Subordinate
Courts, Second Edition_ at page 938-939: “Generally a fine is the norm for a
first offender [for drink driving] unless there are aggravating circumstances.
The aggravating circumstances are usually high levels of impairment of driving
or intoxication as well as involvement in an accident resulting in personal
injuries.”

She then continued by noting the various aggravating factors present in the
case, which justified the imposition of a custodial sentence. In her mind,
there appeared to be four main considerations.

7 First, the DJ observed that the appellant’s level of alcohol was 3.68 times
over the prescribed limit of 35 mg/ 100 ml of breath. This, in her view, was
“sufficiently high to create a real risk of the Accused causing injury to
people or damage to property on the road” (see [12] of the GD). To her, it was
entirely fortuitous that there were no injuries, loss of lives and/or
extensive property damage as a consequence of her drink driving. Furthermore,
the DJ found that “[t]he usual tariff for an offence of drink driving where
the level of alcohol is more than three times the prescribed limit is a
custodial sentence” (sse [6] of the GD). Evidently, she felt that precedents
tended to suggest that an imprisonment term should be imposed where the
alcoholic level in the offender’s breath exceeded three times the prescribed
limit. This appeared, from my reading of her written grounds, to be the single
most influential factor in the DJ’s decision.

8 Secondly, the DJ considered that the appellant made a deliberate and
conscious choice to drive while in an inebriated state. According to her, the
appellant should have been mindful enough to seek alternative transportation
that were available 24 hours such as limousine or taxi services. The fact that
the appellant was anxious about her Aunt’s medical condition was, to the DJ,
no justification for the appellant to drive while under the influence of
alcohol.

9 Next, the DJ took cognisance of the appellant’s poor medical condition. She
noted that in the appellant’s mitigation plea, it was argued that the
appellant suffered from what was described as familial involuntary tremors.
This is an uncontrollable condition which would affect her fine finger
activities and her ability to drive properly. Given this condition, the DJ was
of the view that the appellant should not have taken to the wheels on 27 April
2009.

10 The last factor the DJ took into account was public policy. She cited Yong
Pung How CJ who stated in _Sivakumar s/o Rajoo v Public Prosecutor_ [2002] 1
SLR(R) 265 (at [28]) that:

28 [r]oads in Singapore have to be made as safe as possible for law-abiding
road users and pedestrians. In cases of drink-driving, the courts are always
mindful that a motor car in the hands of an inebriated person is a potentially
devastating weapon.

The DJ felt that the policy of protecting members of the public from
intoxicated drivers necessitated a strict approach. In her view, like-minded
individuals should be deterred from committing the same offence.

11 In the circumstances, the DJ felt that an appropriate sentence would be 2
weeks’ imprisonment and a period of four years’ disqualification from holding
or obtaining a driving licence for all classes of vehicles, reckoned from the
date of her release from prison.

The appellant’s case

12 Mr Singh contended before me that the Judge’s sentence was manifestly
excessive and, for that reason, the custodial sentence should be set aside. In
essence, there were three pillars to Mr Singh’s submissions. First, Mr Singh
contended that the Judge, in finding that the appellant made a conscious and
deliberate decision to flout road safety laws, failed to appreciate the
factual matrix of the case. In particular, the Judge failed to fully
understand the close and intimate relationship shared between the appellant
and her Aunt as well as the appellant’s mental state of mind in the evening of
26 April 2009 and the morning of 27 April 2009. Next, it was argued that the
Judge failed to give due weight to various mitigating factors including the
fact that the appellant was a first time offender, was deeply remorseful for
her actions, has contributed significantly to the progress of Singapore
society, and suffered from poor health. Insofar as the deterrent principle was
concerned, it was submitted that such a principle has no application in the
present circumstances. Finally, contrary to what the DJ had found, Mr Singh
argued that previous cases did not establish a pattern of imposing a term of
incarceration whenever the level of alcohol in an offender’s breath was more
than three times over the legally prescribed limit. In fact, he sought to
demonstrate that the contrary was true.

The respondent’s case

13 The respondent’s case was straightforward. DPP Lee Lit Cheng (“DPP Lee”)
essentially made three points. First, she urged the court to attribute little
weight to the various mitigating factors that had been highlighted including
the argument that the appellant had occasioned no accident and had posed
little danger to the public, was remorseful, had (previous to the offence) a
clean driving record, was in ill health and contributed to society. Secondly,
she argued, in reference to the events leading to the commission of the
offence, that the appellant had, in fact, deliberately driven in full
knowledge of the fact that she had consumed alcohol earlier. It was not the
case that the appellant had forgotten that she was intoxicated, as portrayed
by Mr Singh. Finally, DPP Lee urged the court to uphold the deterrent sentence
imposed by the DJ. She contended that the level of alcohol in the appellant’s
breath was so high that an imprisonment term was appropriate.

The statutory provisions

14 The offence of drink driving is punishable under section 67 of the RTA.
That provision states as follows:

**Driving while under influence of drink or drugs**

**67**. —(1) Any person who, when driving or attempting to drive a motor
vehicle on a road or other public place —

(a) is unfit to drive in that he is under the influence of drink or of a drug
or an intoxicating substance to such an extent as to be incapable of having
proper control of such vehicle; or

(b) has so much alcohol in his body that the proportion of it in his breath or
blood exceeds the prescribed limit,

shall be guilty of an offence and shall be liable on conviction to a fine of
not less than $1,000 and not more than $5,000 or to imprisonment for a term
not exceeding 6 months and, in the case of a second or subsequent conviction,
to a fine of not less than $3,000 and not more than $10,000 and to
imprisonment for a term not exceeding 12 months.

(2) A person convicted of an offence under this section shall, unless the
court for special reasons thinks fit to order otherwise and without prejudice
to the power of the court to order a longer period of disqualification, be
disqualified from holding or obtaining a driving licence for a period of not
less than 12 months from the date of his conviction or, where he is sentenced
to imprisonment, from the date of his release from prison.

Principles governing appellate intervention

15 It is a trite law that an appellate court should only intervene in the
sentence imposed by a lower court where (i) the judge below had erred as to
the proper factual basis of the case; (ii) the judge below had failed to
appreciate the material placed before him; (iii) the sentence imposed was
wrong in principle and/or law; or (iv) the sentence imposed was manifestly
excessive or manifestly inadequate as the case may be – see _Tan Koon Swan v
Public Prosecutor_ [1985-1986] SLR(R) 976 (at [4], [5] and [8]) and _Public
Prosecutor v Cheong Hock Lai_ [2004] 3 SLR(R) 203 (at [26]). For the purposes
of this appeal, factors (ii) and (iv) were particularly germane.

Sentencing precedents and high alcohol level

16 As the main reason why the DJ thought it necessary to impose a custodial
sentence on the appellant was on account of precedents, I shall now turn to
consider them. But I would hasten to add that precedents would, at best, only
provide guidelines. Much would depend on the facts and circumstances of each
individual case. Here I am reminded that for the purposes of sentencing, the
factual matrix of the case remains the paramount consideration: see _Tan Kay
Beng v Public Prosecutor_ [2006] 4 SLR(R) 10 at [45]. Of course, the court is
not totally at liberty, nilly willy, to disregard precedents. I think the
following observations of the High Court in _Soong Hee Sin v Public
Prosecutor_ , [2001] 1 SLR(R) 475 (at [12]) aptly describes the position:

[T]he regime of sentencing is a matter of law which involves a hotchpotch of
such varied and manifold factors that no two cases can ever be completely
identical in this regard. While past cases are no doubt helpful and sometimes
serve as critical guidelines for the sentencing court, that is also all that
they are, ie mere guidelines only. This is especially so with regard to the
unreported cases, in which the detailed facts and circumstances are hardly, if
ever, disclosed with sufficient clarity to enable any intelligent comparison
to be made. At the end of the day, every case which comes before the courts
must be looked at on its own facts, each particular accused in his own
circumstances, and counsel be kept constantly and keenly apprised of the fact
that it is just not possible to categorise cases based simply on mere numerals
and decimal points.

Central to the DJ’s decision was that, in her view, previous cases have
established a pattern of imposing a custodial sentence where the level of
alcohol involved was three or more times over the prescribed limit. However,
it should be noted that the DJ did not cite any case in support of that
assertion.

17 The only case which DPP Lee pointed to was _Kim Seung Shik v Public
Prosecutor_ , MA 277/2009/01 (“ _Kim Seung Shik_ ”). That was a case which I
decided last year and for which no written judgment was issued. As such, a
brief summary of the facts is in order. The case involved a South Korean
national, aged 40, who was working in Singapore for a Korean company. His
three children were staying with him in Singapore and his wife had returned to
South Korea to seek treatment for a medical condition. After a company event
in which the offender had consumed alcohol, he decided to return home quickly
as he was worried about his children who were left without any parental
supervision. As the offender was driving out of the carpark of Katong Mall, he
turned into a wall. Shortly thereafter, having exited from the carpark onto
East Coast Road, he collided into the side of a motor taxi. Later, it was
established that the offender’s level of alcohol was 117 mg/100 ml of breath,
or 3.34 times over the prescribed limit. In the district court, the offender
was sentenced to 3 weeks’ imprisonment and a disqualification period of 2
years for all classes of vehicles from the date of his release from
imprisonment. On appeal, I reduced the imprisonment term to 1 week. However, I
note that there were at least three important differences between _Kim Seung
Shik_ and the present case. First, no damage was caused in the present case.
In fact, the appellant in the instant case did not even get into an accident.
Secondly, unlike the offender in _Kim Seung Shik_ , no evidence was tendered
before this court to demonstrate that the appellant could not control her car.
This is a point which I will explore further at [27] – [28]. Thirdly, the
offender in _Kim Seung Shik_ deliberately drove with full knowledge that he
was under the influence of alcohol. As I will explain later (at [31] – [34]),
the same factor was not present in the instant case.

18 On the other hand, Mr Singh took pains to point out various cases which
seemed to suggest that the contrary was, in fact, true – that first time
offenders of drink driving, even where the level of alcohol involved was
significantly high, were usually punished with a fine and a period of
disqualification from driving. He referred, first, to the case of _Wong Kwee
Cheong v Public Prosecutor_ , MA 208/2001/01 (“ _Wong Kwee Cheong_ ”). This
case is unreported but may be found summarised in _Sentencing Practice in the
Subordinate Courts_ , (LexisNexis: 2003, 2nd Ed) (“ _Sentencing Practice_ ”)
(at [945]) as follows:

WONG KWEE CHEONG v PP

MA 208/2001/01

_Breath alcohol concentration of 98 mcg – Pleaded guilty – First offender_

**Facts** : Offender pleaded guilty to two charges: (1) drunk driving: s
67(1)(b); (2) inconsiderate driving: s 65. The offender drove without due care
and attention by failing to keep a proper lookout, and collided with a parked
taxi in a carpark. Both vehicles were slightly damaged and no one was injured.
The offender failed the breathalyser test and was arrested. At the Traffic
Police HQ, the Breath Evidential Analyser test was conducted and his breath
specimen was found to contain 98 mcg of alcohol per 100 ml of breath. He was a
first offender.

**Sentence imposed by a trial court** : Fined $2,500 and disqualified from
holding or obtaining a driving licence for all classes of vehicles for three
years on the s 67(1)(b) charge. Fined $500 on the s 65 charge.

**Results of appeal** : Offender’s appeal lapsed.

Notably, while the breath alcohol level of the offender in _Wong Kwee Cheong_
(being 2.8 times above the legal limit) was not as high as the appellant’s in
the instant case, the drink driving in _Wong Kwee Cheong_ resulted in a
collision with a parked taxi and both vehicles were slightly damaged.

19 Another case relied upon by the appellant was _Public Prosecutor v Emmett
Ian Michael_ , [2004] SGDC 251 (“ _Emmett Michael_ ”). In this relatively
straightforward case, the offender was involved in traffic accident when the
car he was driving collided with another vehicle along Clemenceau Avenue. It
was found that at the relevant time, the alcohol level in the offender’s
breath was 96 mg/100 ml. This, as the district judge in the case noted, was
more than two and a half times the prescribed limit and was “[t]he most
serious aggravating factor in this case”: see [12] of _Emmett Michael_. In the
circumstance, the district judge there chose to impose a $4,300 fine and a
3-year disqualification. On appeal, the period of disqualification was reduced
to 2 years. No imprisonment term was imposed. Again, it is significant to note
that property damage was caused by the offender’s drink driving.

20 Finally, Mr Singh also made reference to the case of _Public Prosecutor v
Tay Wee Wah_ , DAC 63960/2009 (“ _Tay Wee Wah_ ”). This was a case recently
decided by the district court on 9 December 2009. The statement of facts
indicated that the offender was involved in a minor accident along the ECP.
The proportion of alcohol in the offender’s breath was 107 mg/100 ml. Other
than the above, no other material information could be discovered from the
statement of facts. The same DJ that decided this case at the court below
imposed, in _Tay Wee Wah_ , a sentence of a $4000 fine (in default 20 days’
imprisonment) and 3 years’ disqualification for all classes. It would be noted
that 107mg/ 100 ml of breath was 3.06 times over the prescribed limit.

21 In addition to the cases cited by the appellant, _Sentencing Practice_
provides (at [941] – [942]) further examples of cases where the level of
alcohol in the offender was considered high but where a term of imprisonment
was not imposed. These cases are summarised in the following table.

Case Name |  Brief Facts |  Alcohol Concentration of Accused |  Sentence by Trial Court |  Result of Appeal  
---|---|---|---|---  
_PP v Oh Tiam Chin_ (MA 36/95/01) |  The offender was riding a motorcycle at the material time. |  235 mg/100 ml of blood (2.94 times over the prescribed limit) Note: the prescribed limit based on blood test was 80mg/100ml |  Fined $3000 and one year’s disqualification from holding or obtaining a driving licence on class 2 vehicles. |  Prosecution’s appeal allowed. The disqualification period was extended to all classes for a year.  
_Hoo Tee Tuan v PP_ (MA 247/96/01) |  The offender was stopped at a road block.  |  155 mg/100 ml of blood (1.94 times over the prescribed limit) |  Fined $3,500 and disqualified from holding a driving licence on all classes for one year.  |  Offender’s appeal dismissed.   
_U Hlaing Win v PP_ (MA 90/97/01) |  Offender was found reversing his vehicle for a short distance against the flow of traffic along a busy road. |  201 mg/100 ml of blood (2.5 times over the prescribed limit) |  Fined $5,000 and disqualification from driving all classes of vehicles for 3 years. |  Offender’s appeal dismissed.  
  
  

All of the above three cases also did not involve any collision with another
vehicle or damage to other property. The only case cited in _Sentencing
Practice_ in which the offender’s blood alcohol content was significant and a
custodial sentence imposed in spite of the fact that there was no accident was
the case of _Thakur Kewalram Samtani v Public Prosecutor_ , MA 368/1994/01 (“
_Thakur Samtani_ ”). In that case, the offender was observed by the police to
be driving in a zigzag manner. After testing, it was found that he had a blood
alcohol content of 276 mg/ 100 ml. This was 3.45 times over the prescribed
limit. In the circumstances, the trial court imposed a sentence of two weeks’
imprisonment and a disqualification order from driving for five years.
However, unlike the present case, the offender in _Thakur Samtani_ , like the
one in _Kim Seung Shik_ , was clearly shown to have been unable to control his
vehicle. Moreover, in _Thakur Samtani_ the offender did not have the same
mitigating circumstances as the present case, _ie_ , being awoken up in the
dead of night and being told that the condition of someone who was very dear,
and was in hospital, had deteriorated badly.

22 Hence, the precedents were, at best, inconclusive as to whether there was a
rule or trend of imposing custodial sentences in cases where the blood alcohol
content in an offender was high. In any case, it certainly could not be said,
as the DJ did (at [6] of the GD), that the “usual tariff for an offence of
drink driving where the level of alcohol is more than three times the
prescribed limit is a custodial sentence.” There was no pattern that the court
would impose custodial sentence as long as the alcohol level of the offender
was three or more times over the prescribed limit. Indeed, there was no basis
for any court, in working out the appropriate sentence for drink driving
offences, to begin with that premise. The judge should consider the full range
of sentences that avails her at law, taking into account all aggravating and
mitigating factors.

23 In this respect, the case of _Public Prosecutor v Lee Meng Soon_ , [2007] 4
SLR(R) 240 (“ _Lee Meng Soon_ ”), is instructive. In that case, the offender
failed to keep a proper lookout while on his way to have supper and collided
with a motorcycle that was travelling in front of his car. The rider of the
motorcycle and the pillion rider both suffered serious injuries. After being
apprehended, the respondent was found to have 77mg of alcohol in every 100 ml
of breath. This was 2.2 times over the prescribed limit. Two charges were
brought against him, one for drink driving and the other for failure to render
assistance. Insofar as the drink driving charge was concerned, the trial court
imposed a $3,000 fine and a disqualification period of two years. Against this
sentence the prosecution appealed. On appeal, the High Court imposed a two-
week imprisonment term and a disqualification period of three years. In so
doing, the High Court held (at [21]) as follows:

21 There have been many cases where a first offender under s 67(1) had been
sentenced to a fine only and germane to the present appeal are the factors
that would affect the decision to impose a sentence of imprisonment rather
than a fine. It is useful to consider the matter from the extreme ends of the
spectrum of punishment. At the minimum end is the case of a person who, after
consuming a small amount of alcohol, drives a vehicle on the road. He is able
to control his vehicle but is stopped for a random breath alcohol test which
discloses a level that is at or just over the prescribed limit. He is guilty
of an offence under s 67(1)(b). In the absence of any other material factor,
it would be appropriate to sentence him to the minimum fine of $1,000 or an
amount not far from this sum. The disqualification period imposed under s
67(2) would be the minimum period of 12 months unless there are special
reasons not to do so. At the maximum end of the spectrum is the case of a
heavily intoxicated driver who careens from one side of the road to the other
at high speed, causing danger or even injury to other persons and damage to
property. The level of alcohol in his body is many times over the prescribed
limit. He would be accorded a punishment at the maximum end of the scale, with
imprisonment for a term at or close to the maximum of six months and
disqualification for a long period, possibly for life.

22 The cases have established that the principal aggravating factors in an
offence under s 67(1) are the level of alcohol in the breath or blood _and the
degree of control of the vehicle_.

…

29 Where a first offender of an offence under s 67(1) has a high level of
alcohol combined with poor control of his vehicle, _notwithstanding that by
itself any of those factors would not have merited a sentence of imprisonment_
, a sentence of imprisonment could be justified. In my view, it is justified
on the facts of this case and I find the sentence of a fine imposed on the
respondent to be manifestly inadequate.

(emphasis added)

In _Lee Meng Soon_ , the court considered that the offender’s breath alcohol
level, being 2.2 times over the legally prescribed limit, was high. However,
the court made clear that that factor alone would not merit an imprisonment
sentence. It was the combination of the high alcohol level and the fact that
the offender had poor control of his vehicle that warranted a custodial term.

24 In the present case, it was clear that the alcohol level in the appellant’s
breath, being 3.68 times over the prescribed limit, must be considered to be
significantly high. However, like the High Court in _Lee Meng Soon_ , I did
not think that this fact in itself was sufficient to warrant a custodial
sentence, particularly for a first time offender. It must be borne in mind
that the extent to which a person would be affected by a certain level of
alcohol in the body would differ from person to person. Thus, how well an
offender could control his vehicle would be a very pertinent consideration. Of
course, I do not rule out the possibility of a situation whereby the alcohol
level involved was so high as to merit an imprisonment term on its own. For
the purposes of this case, I need not have to speculate whether an offender in
that condition would in any case be able to control his vehicle. Here,
however, although the alcohol level in the appellant’s body was significantly
higher than the prescribed limit, to warrant the imposition of a custodial
sentence, there had to be other aggravating factors present. I will now turn
to consider these other factors.

Ability to control vehicle

25 It will be recalled that, in _Lee Meng Soon_ (see [23] above), it was held
that the offender’s ability to control his vehicle was an important
consideration in determining whether a custodial sentence should be imposed
for an offence of drink driving. An offender’s ability to control his vehicle
is relevant in both situations where the offence of drink driving could be
committed under s 67 of the RTA (see [14] above). First, under s 67(1)(a), if
due to intoxication, a driver is unable to control his vehicle, he would be
guilty of the offence of drink driving. This factor, thus, goes directly
towards the commission of the offence. Secondly, if the alcohol level in a
driver’s body exceeds the prescribed limit, he would _ipso facto_ be guilty of
the offence of drink driving under s 67(1)(b) and it does not matter whether
at the relevant time, he was or was not able to control the vehicle. However,
if in addition, the driver was, in fact, unable to control his vehicle, that
would be an aggravating factor for imposing a heavier sentence. Thus, under s
67(1)(b), an offender’s ability to control his vehicle is relevant for the
purposes of sentencing. I now turn to consider whether the appellant, in
addition to breaching the prescribed limit of alcohol in her breath, was also
unable to control her vehicle.

26 For sentencing purposes, it must be borne in mind that just because the
breath or blood alcohol level of an offender exceeds the prescribed limit does
not mean that he is also unable to control his vehicle. This is because under
s 67(1)(b) of the RTA, once a driver was caught with a blood or breath alcohol
level beyond the prescribed limit, he would _ipso facto_ be guilty of the
offence of drink driving. This can also be discerned from the legislative
history of section 67 of the RTA, aptly summarised in _Lee Meng Soon_ (at [17]
– [19]) as follows:

17 …Section 70 of the old Act provided a rebuttable presumption that a person
was incapable of having proper control of his vehicle if the alcohol level in
his blood exceeded a certain level. Section 70 of the old Act provided as
follows:

Any person who has been arrested under section 67 or 68 shall be presumed to
be incapable of having proper control of a motor vehicle if the specimen of
blood provided by him under section 69 is certified by a medical practitioner
to have a blood alcohol concentration in excess of 80 milligrammes of alcohol
in 100 millilitres of blood

18 The Minister for Home Affairs, Mr Wong Kan Seng, in his second reading
speech on 27 February 1996, explained the objective of the present provisions
in the following manner (_Singapore Parliamentary Debates, Official Report_
(27 February 1996) vol 65 at cols 723-724):

Currently, under existing section 70 of the Act, a person is presumed to be
incapable of having proper control of his vehicle if the amount of alcohol
found in his blood is above the prescribed legal limit. This has given rise to
a situation where the defence tries to rebut this presumption by trying to
prove in each case that the defendant did not lose control of the vehicle.

To prevent unnecessary debate, clause 9 of the Bill seeks to re-enact section
67(1)(b) to make the presence of alcohol exceeding the legal limit in a
driver's blood or breath an offence in itself without linking it to the
control of vehicle. The new section 67(1)(b) makes it clear that an offence is
committed once the driver's alcohol content exceeds the prescribed limit. This
provision is similar to the provisions in Malaysian and UK legislation.

19 Therefore it is clear that the prohibition encompassed by s 67(1) covers
the situation where a person drives a vehicle while:

(a) he is incapable of having proper control over his vehicle on account of
alcohol, even though the amount of alcohol in his body does not exceed the
prescribed limit; and

(b) the amount of alcohol in his body exceeds the prescribed limit even though
he is capable of proper control of his vehicle.

Therefore, the Legislature had decided that a person who has consumed such
amount of alcohol that his breath or blood alcohol level exceeds the
prescribed limit is likely to be incapable of driving a vehicle safely, and
that as a matter of policy, he should be prohibited on pain of punishment
under penal law from driving irrespective of whether he is capable of so
doing.

Thus, it would not follow from the mere commission of an offence under s
67(1)(b) that the driver was also incapable of controlling his vehicle ((cf
_Stafford Rosemary Anne Jane (administratrix of the estate of Stafford Anthony
John, Deceased) v Goo Tong Sing and another)_ , [2006] 3 SLR(R) 277 at [38]).
This further fact must be proved. Hence, in order that the court may take this
fact into account for the purposes of sentencing, it must be demonstrated by
the prosecution, by adducing cogent evidence, that the offender was unable to
control his vehicle independently of the alcohol level in the offender’s blood
or breath. The nature of such evidence may include, but is not limited to, the
manner in which the offender had gotten into an accident/s such as in _Kim
Seung Shik_ and _Lim Meng Soon_ or the fact that the offender was driving in a
strange and dangerous manner such as in _Thakur Samtani_.

27 In the present case, there was no evidence to show that the appellant was
unable to control her car in the early morning of 27 April 2009 when she was
attempting to get quickly to NUH to be with her Aunt. What was notable was the
fact that she had driven for some distance from her home in Ascot Rise to
somewhere near the PIE exit of Clementi Avenue 6 without being involved in an
accident. In short, there was absolutely no evidence that the appellant’s
manner of driving was dangerous or, in any other way, beyond what is
ordinarily acceptable bearing in mind that EMAS cameras were installed along
the PIE.

28 At this juncture, I must address a point made by the DJ in her GD (at
[12]), where she stated that:

…[the appellant’s] level of alcohol is clearly sufficiently high to create a
real risk of the Accused causing injury to people or damage to property on the
road. She was clearly a menace to other road users when she took to the wheels
of her car with such a high level of alcohol in her system and was a danger
not only to herself but also to other road users…It was only fortuitous that
there were no injuries, loss of lives and/or extensive property damage as a
consequence of her drink driving.

It appeared to me that the DJ had used the level of alcohol in the appellant’s
breath to presume that the appellant was incapable of controlling her car and
that the appellant would, if given enough time on the road, eventually have
caused personal or property damage. As such, the DJ had considered the
possibility of the appellant causing an accident to be an aggravating factor.
She would appear to have assumed that just because the alcohol level in the
appellant’s body was high that the appellant was likely to have caused injury
to others or damaged property. With respect, I think the DJ’s reasoning was
flawed. As I have earlier explained (see [25] – [26], above) a driver would be
guilty of an offence under s 67(1)(b) by the mere fact that he has a certain
level of alcohol in his breath or blood. His guilt did not depend on the
extent of his inability to control the vehicle. In ascertaining the
appropriate sentence, the degree to which an offender was unable to control
his vehicle must be demonstrated by objective evidence: see, for example, _Lim
Meng Soon_ (at [28] – [29]). In the present case, there was absolutely no
evidence that the appellant’s ability to control her car was hampered in any
way. The fact of the matter was that the appellant was not involved in any
accident. Neither had she injured any person. Hence, it was wrong on the part
of the DJ to speculate that the appellant would likely to have caused personal
injury or damage to property and, on that assumption, to inflict a heavier
sentence on the appellant. I would reiterate that there was nothing in
evidence to suggest that the appellant was unable to control her car that
morning and thus, other than the mere fact of a high alcohol content in her
breath, there was no other aggravating factor.

Culpability of appellant

29 I now turn to consider a very important factor in ascertaining the
appropriate punishment for the appellant, _ie_ , the degree to which the
appellant was culpable for the offence. Culpability must be distinguished from
guilt. There was no doubt that the appellant in this case was guilty of the
charge brought against her and demonstrating her remorse, she had pleaded
guilty forthwith. She should, thus, be punished for the offence. However, the
sentence which should be meted out to the appellant must be calibrated
according to the degree to which she was culpable for the offence. Unlike
guilt, which simply refers to the satisfaction of the legal requirements of
the offence as set out in statutory materials, culpability pertains to the
moral blameworthiness of the offender. Thus, while guilt sees things in black
and white, culpability takes a more nuanced approach, viewing matters in
shades of grey and blue. Deliberate, purposeful and calculated harm-causing
must be differentiated from unintended or incidental peccadilloes. In
assessing the degree of culpability of an offender, the court must take into
account, all the circumstances, including the reason why the person drove on
that occasion and only when this is done would the sentence meted out be fair
and proportionate.

30 At [13] of her GD, the DJ had taken the view that the appellant had
deliberately chosen to drive with full awareness that she was inebriated. The
DJ wrote as follows:

13 **The decision to drive after consumption of alcoholic drinks is a matter
of choice and a deliberate act on the part of the driver**. Although it was
stated that the Accused was anxious to go straight to her aunt as quickly as
possible, this cannot be regarded as justification for a person to drive while
under the influence of drinks… The Accused, having consumed wine during lunch
as well as dinner including a glass of whisky (known for its high alcohol
content) as a nightcap before she turned in at 10.30 pm that night could and
should have opted for alternative means of transport to the hospital such as
calling for a taxi which is available 24 hours or to engage the services of
Nev and Freddy Limousine Svcs or to engage the services of Nev and Freddy
Limousine Svcs which appeared to be available 24 hours a day as shown in the
invoices in Annex 2 of the her (_sic_) plea in mitigation. The present case
was clearly not an instance where no other forms of transport [were] available
to the Accused.

[Emphasis added]

The DPP took very much the same approach in her argument before me and this
was set out at [23] of her written submissions:

23 Based on the appellant’s account, she had “some wine” over dinner at about
8 or 9pm, and a glass of whisky as a nightcap before she went to bed at about
10:30pm. The hospital called her at 1.20am and her car was spotted on the PIE
at about 1.32am. The breathalyser test was administered at 3.47 am and the
result was 129 microgrammes of alcohol in every 100 millilitres of breath. The
time that the breathalyser was administered is crucial because it shows that
the alcohol level in the appellant’s body was a staggering three and a half
times that of the legal limit of 35 microgrammes _some 5 hours_ after the
appellant had last consumed alcohol! It is submitted that there can only be
one of two possible scenarios to explain this. First, if we accept that the
appellant had her last drink at about 10:30pm, she must have consumed _a lot
of alcohol_ that evening before she went to bed. If so, it would have been
highly unlikely that the appellant would have forgotten that she had taken
many drinks that evening. The second possible scenario is that the appellant
had been drinking till late and only stopped drinking close to the time she
drove. In this case, it would also be far-fetched for the appellant to claim
that she had so quickly forgotten that she had consumed alcohol not too long
ago.

[Emphasis in original]

In my view, both the DJ and the respondent had taken too clinical a reading of
the situation without fully appreciating the emotional state of the appellant
at the relevant time when she received the call from the hospital and decided
to drive there straight away. Let me explain.

31 In order to understand the trauma which the call from the hospital had
caused in the appellant, the most critical fact which must be borne in mind
was the extremely close relationship which the appellant shared with her Aunt.
Mr Singh explained that the Aunt had looked after the appellant when the
latter was young whilst the latter’s parents were away. Accordingly, a bond
akin to a mother-daughter relationship developed between them over several
decades. This intimacy was further accentuated when the appellant moved into
her current home at 10 Ascot Rise which was next door to her Aunt’s home at 8
Ascot Rise. Moreover, the appellant had always taken care of her Aunt’s health
and medical needs. This close relationship was also evidenced by the fact that
the Aunt had named the appellant as the major beneficiary under the Aunt’s
will and given the appellant a power of attorney to handle matters on her
behalf.

32 Against that backdrop, it would be understandable if the appellant, prior
to retiring to bed the evening before, was very disturbed by the fact that her
Aunt had been admitted into NUH as a consequence of the latter suffering from
an extensive nasal haemorrhage. Therefore, I could hardly disagree with the
appellant’s counsel’s claim that the appellant went to bed distraught and in
an agitated state of mind. This assertion was supported by the letter from Dr
Fortier, dated 29 April 2009, tendered in evidence. Dr Fortier had written as
follows:

I took Dr Lim (the appellant) and her husband out to a Dim Sum lunch at Xin in
the Holiday Inn. During this lunch, we shared a bottle of wine. During our
return to 10 Ascot Rise, Dr Lim was phoned by her Aunt’s maid to tell her that
her Aunt was bleeding heavily from her chronic sinus tumour….Dr Lim arranged
for her emergency admission to the National University Hospital and went there
to settle things. Dr Lim and her husband returned for a late dinner and we
shared another bottle of wine. She also had some whisky after dinner, but I
did not think she was intoxicated. She was extremely upset and very distraught
at her Aunt’s collapse. She has spoken of the Aunt as being like a mother to
her.

Such emotional fragility could only have been exacerbated by the early morning
call from NUH on 27 April 2009, informing the appellant that her Aunt’s
condition had deteriorated. In those circumstances, I could hardly disagree
with Mr Singh that the only thought in the appellant’s mind at that moment was
to get to her Aunt at NUH as quickly as possible as the appellant feared for
the worst. Nothing demonstrated the haste at which the appellant proceeded
more than the fact that the call came at 1:20 am and, by 1:32 am, the
appellant’s car was observed to be stationary along the PIE in the direction
of Tuas. Given this time frame and the fact that the appellant would have
required time to get ready to leave the house, it was clear that panic
overcame her. This explained why calling for a taxi or her regular limousine
service was not in her mind at the relevant time.

33 Under such circumstances, it was, to me, understandable that the appellant
had not fully appreciated the fact, when she took to the wheels at that
unearthly hour, that she had drunk alcohol at lunch and dinner the night
before. In her anxiety to see her Aunt, it was not improbable that what she
had drunk the day before was not foremost in her mind. I could not agree with
the DJ that the appellant had made a conscious and deliberate decision to
flout the road traffic laws of Singapore. She acted on the spur of the moment.
I also found it hard to accept the respondent’s contention that the appellant
could not have forgotten about her consumption of alcohol since the alcohol
level in her breath was very high. In my opinion, such an argument did not
sufficiently take into account the state of anxiety and panic the appellant
was in - being awoken abruptly in the middle of the night and being told that
her Aunt’s condition had deteriorated. It was entirely human if her thoughts
then were to get to her Aunt’s bedside as soon as possible, lest the Aunt
might slip away before she reached there. Panic had simply overwhelmed her. It
was an emotional crisis. It was therefore necessary for the court to view her
action, and in turn her state of mind, in that condition, and not that of a
mind which was cool and calm and unaffected by such emotional trauma. While it
was true that the appellant had voluntarily consumed wine and some hard liquor
that evening, she had no plans at all to leave the house. She was in bed by
10.30 pm and what happened two and a half hours later was something totally
unexpected. That must have come as a shock.

34 This factual matrix served as the context to the appellant’s behaviour, a
context that must be fully appreciated in order to correctly ascertain the
culpability of the appellant. When evaluating such an offender’s culpability,
the court should refrain from using _ex post facto_ reasoning, viewed from the
perspective of an objective person not under similar stress, to gauge the
reasonableness of the offender’s actions. Such an approach would be artificial
and unfair to the offender, as in determining the degree of culpability of the
offender, the court is essentially seeking to understand his or her actions in
their context. The court should step into the shoes of the offender and see
the material events unfold through the eyes of the offender. Only by so doing
would the court be able to correctly appreciate the various variables that
contributed to the offender’s behaviour. In the present case, although the
appellant’s actions could not be said to be reasonable or responsible if a
purely objective test was used, it could also not be denied that her sense of
judgment was gravely affected by the emotional crisis, and the fear of what
would happen to the Aunt. Putting it another way, it would be fair to say that
her good sense of judgment had momentarily taken leave of her. While I am not
for a moment suggesting that she had not committed an offence under s
67(1)(b), and indeed she had, it is altogether another thing to say that she
had committed the offence with full knowledge that she was intoxicated. It
would be unjust to equate her behaviour to that of someone who had
deliberately driven with full knowledge that he was intoxicated. It was not
even analogous to a situation where an offender placed himself in a difficult
position by driving out for drinks, for such a person should have appreciated
the possible consequences of his actions. Looking at the action of the
appellant at its worst, the appellant’s fault lay in not taking time to
compose herself and consider the fact that she had consumed alcohol just hours
before.

35 To summarise, the special circumstances of this case were two-fold. First,
the appellant, at no time, had ever intended to drink and drive. At the time
when the appellant consumed alcohol, during lunch and dinner of 26 April 2009,
she had no intention of taking the wheel. When the appellant decided to drive
to the hospital, in the early hours of 27 April 2009, the fact that she had
consumed alcohol earlier had understandably slipped her mind. Secondly, the
appellant’s failure to appreciate that she had consumed alcohol could, to an
extent, be understood. She had gone to bed on 26 April 2009, expecting the
effects of the alcohol to be dispelled when she woke up the next morning.
Unfortunately, she was awoken prematurely by the urgent call from NUH. To
worsen matters, the call brought grave news that her Aunt was in critical
condition. In such extenuating circumstances, it was not surprising that panic
took over and the appellant failed to appreciate that she had consumed alcohol
a few hours earlier. Accordingly, I was of the view that the level of the
appellant’s culpability was not of that level which the DJ had sought to
attribute to her.

Public policy

36 Another important pillar in the DJ’s decision rested on the public policy
of deterring drink driving. She felt that the general and specific deterrence
considerations warranted a custodial sentence. This was also a point that the
respondent pursued in the appeal. In _Public Prosecutor v Tan Fook Sum_ ,
[1999] 1 SLR(R) 1022, Yong Pung How CJ, sitting in the High Court, explained
the two facets to the principle of deterrence. He stated as follows (at [18]):

18 There are two aspects to this: deterrence of the offender and deterrence of
likely offenders, corresponding to specific and general deterrence
respectively. Specific deterrence will be appropriate where the offender is a
persistent offender or where the crime is premeditated, though its value in
the case of a recidivist offender may be questionable. General deterrence aims
at educating and deterring other like-minded members of the general public
(_Meeran bin Mydin v PP_ [1998] 1 SLR(R) 522 at [7]-[9]) by making an example
of the particular offender. The foremost significance of the role of
deterrence, both specific and general, in crime control in recent years, not
least because of the established correlation between the sentences imposed by
the courts and crime rates, need hardly be mentioned.

I shall now consider briefly whether the principles of general and specific
deterrence were relevant considerations in the present appeal.

37 The concept of specific deterrence revolves around the idea of discouraging
an offender from re-offending. As was explained by V K Rajah J in _Public
Prosecutor v Law Aik Meng_ , [2007] 2 SLR(R) 814 (“ _Law Aik Meng_ ”) (at
[21]):

21 Specific deterrence operates through the discouraging effects felt when an
offender experiences and endures the punishment of a particular offence.
Drawing from the maxim "once bitten twice shy", it seeks to instil in a
particular offender the fear of re-offending through the potential threat of
re-experiencing the same sanction previously imposed.

In essence, specific deterrence seeks to add further disincentive to offending
by increasing the costs of criminal endeavours. In this manner, the law hopes
to persuade the offender, when faced with a similar situation, to choose the
right path. However, it is important to appreciate that underlying the concept
of specific deterrence is the premise that the offender was capable of making
rational choices. The offender must have had the ability to consider the pros
and cons of each course of action available to him. If this was not so,
specific deterrence would have little or no weight since imposing a greater
cost on criminal activities would have little impact on his future choices,
made under similar circumstances. This was a point touched on in _Law Aik
Meng_ (at [22]) as follows:

22 Specific deterrence is usually appropriate in instances where the crime is
premeditated: _Tan Fook Sum_ ([18] _supra_) at [18]. This is because
deterrence probably works best where there is a conscious choice to commit
crimes. Nigel Walker and Nicola Padfield in _Sentencing: Theory, Law and
Practice_ (Butterworths, 2nd Ed, 1996) ("Padfield & Walker, 1996") at p 99
explain the theory of "undeterribility". Pathologically weak self-control,
addictions, mental illnesses and compulsions are some of the elements that, if
possessed by an offender, may constitute "undeterribility", thus rendering
deterrence futile. Such elements seem to involve some form of impulse or
inability to make proper choices on the part of the offender, which, by
definition, runs counter to the concept of premeditation. It should be pointed
out here that this reasoning applies with equal cogency to general deterrence
(discussed below from [24]-[28]).

38 The same point was underlined in _Public Prosecutor v Loqmanul Hakim bin
Buang_ , [2007] 4 SLR(R) 753 when the High Court made the following
observations (at [26]):

26 A central premise underpinning such a sentencing philosophy is a belief in
the ability of the person concerned to make rational choices, whether in
relation to current or future conduct. In this respect, it is not surprising
that considerations of specific deterrence are especially significant in
situations involving premeditated crimes: see _PP v Tan Fook Sum_ [1999] 1
SLR(R) 1022 at [18]. As a corollary, it should be similarly self-evident that
in most, if not all, situations involving factors outside the control of the
accused, or where the accused acts on the basis of some irrational and
uncontrollable impulse, specific deterrence would often be a less compelling,
if not altogether irrelevant, consideration: see _PP v Aguilar Guen Garlejo_
[2006] 3 SLR(R) 247 at [44]; _PP v Lim Ah Liang_ [2007] SGHC 34 at [40].

39 In the present case, I was of the view that the case for a specific
deterrence was a less compelling, although not altogether irrelevant,
consideration in the sentencing of the appellant. First, I was persuaded that
the appellant had, by nature, little or no propensity to drink and drive. Mr
Singh pointed out that the appellant, in the first place, did not have the
habit of driving regularly. Moreover, on occasions where she would be
drinking, the appellant had always used limousine services so that she would
not have to drive. Indeed, produced in evidence were tax invoices and a letter
from Nev and Freddy Limousine Svcs showing that the appellant had regularly
and frequently engaged their services since 2004. Such evidence pointed
towards the fact that the appellant generally had the desire to avoid drink
driving. Secondly, as I pointed out earlier, the circumstances in which the
appellant committed her offence were unique. Unlike most other offenders of
drink driving, the appellant was not deliberately being reckless. One could
say that at the crucial moment in time, the appellant was simply not thinking
rationally and the fear of what would happen to her Aunt dictated her actions.

40 I now turn to the question of general deterrence. In this regard, the
specific or individual circumstances in which the particular offence was
committed takes a backseat and the importance of upholding law and public
order comes to the fore. As explained in _Law Aik Meng_ (at [24] and [27]):

24 General deterrence aims to educate and deter other like-minded members of
the general public by making an example of a particular offender: _Meeran bin
Mydin v PP_ [1998] 1 SLR(R) 522 at [9] ("_Meeran bin Mydin_ ").

…

27 General deterrence is derived from the overarching concept of "public
interest". In _Angliss_ ([16] _supra_), I had specified that public interest
in sentencing is tantamount to the court's view of how public security can be
enhanced by imposing an appropriate sentence. A sentencing judge should apply
his mind to whether the sentence is necessary and justified by the public's
interest in deterring and preventing particular criminal conduct: _Angliss_
([16] _supra_) at [17]. This context should form the backdrop for the
interpretation of my decision in _Tan Kay Beng_. The types of offences and
offenders for which punishment will be "certain and unrelenting" would
therefore depend upon the corresponding interest of the public in preventing
that kind of conduct and in restraining particular offenders. For example,
given the current climate where international and domestic terrorist security
threats are more prevalent than before, bomb hoaxers must inexorably be
visited with draconian sentences. (See _PP v Mohammad Farhan bin Moh Mustafa_
District Arrest Case No 1808 of 2004 where the accused was sentenced to three
and a half years' imprisonment for a bomb hoax; the senior district judge
correctly declared at [14] that "it [was] clear that the sentencing of [such]
offences ... must be treated seriously and that a strong deterrent be sent to
those whose idle minds might otherwise turn to creating false alarms".) Such
offences are easy to commit and difficult to detect and could become rampant
if not firmly dealt with. A clear signal must be unequivocally sent by the
sentencing court, through an appropriate sentence, that such behaviour will be
perennially viewed with grave and unrelenting disapprobation.

The High Court in _Law Aik Meng_ further clarified (at [22]) that general
deterrence, like specific deterrence, has little part to play in the
sentencing of an offender when the crime was an “undeterrable” kind. This is
because other like-minded individuals, when placed in a similar situation,
would, like the offender, be unable to make a conscious decision to avoid
committing the offence. The principle of general deterrence, accordingly, had
little relevance to the present appeal.

41 However, I am in no way suggesting that normally drink driving is
“undeterrable”. Indeed, it is deterrable. It would only become “undeterrable”
when the offence was committed in the extremely limited circumstances like the
present where the appellant was in no position to overcome the extreme
emotional upheaval which she was experiencing at that moment. As mentioned
before (see [39] above), where the appellant was aware that she would be
involved in drinking at an outing, she would arrange for the use of limousine
services so as to avoid any incident of drink driving. In short, there was
evidence to suggest that as far as drinking and driving were concerned, she
was generally conscious of the need to be on the right side of the law.
Therefore, where an offence of drink driving is committed, the court in
determining the sentence, must take into consideration all the circumstances
and calibrate the sentence to be imposed so that the ends of justice will be
met.

42 At this juncture, I wish to state that this court was and is conscious that
drink driving remains a serious problem in Singapore society. The DJ provided
two tables containing some telling statistics in her GD (at [16)], reproduced
as follows:

TABLE 1: NUMBER OF DRINK-DRIVING ACCIDENTS

|  2007 |  2008  
---|---|---  
Fatal |  14 |  18  
Injury |  174 |  156  
**TOTAL** |  **188** |  **174**  
  
  

TABLE 2: NUMBER OF PERSONS KILLED OR INJURED IN DRINK-DRIVING RELATED
ACCIDENTS

|  2007 |  2008  
---|---|---  
Killed |  15 |  22  
Injury |  263 |  213  
**TOTAL** |  **278** |  **235**  
  
  

The above tables demonstrate two points. First, the number of fatal drink
driving accidents and, correspondingly, the number of persons killed due to
drink driving had increased from 2007 to 2008. Second, although the number of
non-fatal drink driving accidents had decreased from 2007 to 2008, it still
hovered at an undesirable level.

Appellant’s medical condition

43 I turn, now, to address the last aggravating factor that the Judge had
relied on in imposing an imprisonment term. The Judge had written (at [15]) of
her GD as follows:

15\. Further, as indicated in paragraph 39 of the written plea in mitigation
as well as Annex 12, the Accused suffers from ‘ _familial involuntary tremors
for a long time which gets worse when she is nervous or stressed. These
movements are not controllable and would hamper fine finger activities and
even driving_ ’. Clearly, in such an inebriated state and with an existing
medical condition which affects fine finger activities including driving the
Accused should not have taken to the wheels that night.

44 It cannot be disputed that the appellant should not have driven her car on
the morning of 27 April 2009 when she suffered from such a condition. However,
as I have explained earlier, the grave emotional stress under which the
appellant belaboured that morning were such that while her decision to drive
remained unforgivable (in the sense that it did not excuse her for the offence
of drink driving), it was at least understandable why she took to the wheels.
More importantly, and in any event, the appellant’s medical condition had
nothing to do with her offence of drink driving. It was a wholly separate
impediment to her ability to drive. Hence, while it may be a relevant
consideration in assessing whether to allow the appellant to retain her
driving licence, it certainly was not an aggravating factor justifying the
imposition of a custodial term for the appellant’s offence of drink driving.

45 On the other hand, I must also add that I was also not persuaded by Mr
Singh’s argument that the appellant’s ill health was a relevant mitigating
factor in this case. In _Leaw Siat Chong v Public Prosecutor_ , [2001] 3
SLR(R) 646 (“ _Leaw Siat Chong_ ”), Yong Pung How CJ addressed a similar
argument, that the appellant’s poor medical condition should warrant a lesser
sentence, as follows (at [13]):

13 As for the appellant's health issues, namely high blood pressure and a pain
in his right eye, I wish to reiterate the point I made in _PP v Ong Ker Seng_
[2001] 3 SLR(R) 134 (at [30]) that **ill-health is not a mitigating factor
except in the most exceptional cases when judicial mercy may be exercised**.
In the present case, the appellant had not presented me with evidence that the
health problems were of such a serious nature that I ought to reduce his
sentence on that ground. I also found it pertinent that the appellant had been
able to continue working despite his health problems.

[Emphasis added]

Ultimately, whether a case is exceptional would depend upon the severity of
the offender’s illness. The sort of circumstances in which judicial mercy has
not been exercised were helpfully compiled by the High Court in _Chng Yew Chin
v Public Prosecutor_ , [2006] 4 SLR(R) 124 (“ _Chng Yew Chin_ ”). In that
case, the appellant, who suffered from nasopharyngeal cancer, was convicted of
outraging the modesty of his domestic helper. It was argued that his medical
condition should be a mitigation factor in his favour. In response, the court
noted as follows (at [52]):

52 However, it is crucial to appreciate that the discretion to grant judicial
mercy is one that is exercised with the utmost care and circumspection. I
pause here to emphasise this important qualification by highlighting some
cases on point, where the plea for judicial mercy has not succeeded:

(a) In _Leaw Siat Chong v PP_ ([50] _supra_), the appellant suffered from high
blood pressure and a pain in his right eye. This was not found to be
exceptional.

(b) In _Viswanathan Ramachandran v PP_ [2003] 3 SLR(R) 435 , the High Court
held that the appellant's condition of chronic hypertension and diabetes was
not exceptional.

(c) In _PP v Thavasi Anbalagan_ [2003] SGDC 61, the court did not accord
significance to the accused's history of heart problems.

(d) In _Md Anverdeen Basheer Ahmed v PP_ [2004] SGHC 233, the appellant had
complained of a "host of medical problems and ailments". Yong Pung How CJ
reiterated, at [68], that "the cases have stated that ill-health would only be
a mitigating factor in exceptional cases as an act of mercy, such as where the
offender suffers from a terminal illness".

(e) In _Lim Teck Chye_ ([50] _supra_), the appellant was diagnosed with
secondary diseases and low vision due to an acute eye disease. Even though
this disease might potentially cause blindness, it was not found to be
exceptional enough.

(f) In _PP v Lee Shao Hua_ [2004] SGDC 161, the court did not attach any
weight to the accused's health difficulties, which included tuberculosis,
asthma and heart problems.

(g) In _PP v Shaik Raheem s/o Abdul Shaik Shaikh Dawood_ [2006] SGDC 86, the
appellant was diagnosed as suffering from high blood pressure, diabetes, and
bilateral knee osteoarthritis. The pain in his right knee was permanent and
likely to worsen. Though his disability was sufficient to qualify as a
handicap under the Automobile Association of Singapore's guidelines, this did
not move the court to exercise mercy.

In each of these cases, the plea for mercy was disregarded simply because the
illness complained of was not of a sufficient severity.

46 From precedents, judicial mercy has been exercised in two types of cases:

a. where the offender suffered from a terminal illness: see _Lim Teck Chye v
Public Prosecutor_ , [2004] 2 SLR(R) 525 and _Chng Yew Chin_ ; and

b. where the offender was so ill that a sentence of imprisonment would carry a
high risk of endangering his life: see _Public Prosecutor v Tang Wee Sung_ ,
[2008] SGDC 262.

47 In the present case, I did not think that the appellant’s medical condition
fell within either of the two categories in which judicial mercy has been
exercised. It was submitted that, in addition to the _familial involuntary
tremors_ described in [41] which only causes involuntary finger movements, the
appellant suffered from two other ailments. The first, and more serious, one
is a severe anaphylactic reaction. This is a reaction to an unknown food
substance which may cause cardiovascular collapses. While this is a fairly
serious condition, I am convinced that, with the proper attention and medical
care, the appellant’s condition can be sufficiently addressed in prison
without endangering her life. The other ailment is what is known as Morton’s
metatarsalgia of the right foot. This merely results in pain in walking and
requires that special footwear be made available. Such an ailment does not
merit the exercise of judicial mercy.

Rendered Public Service

48 In passing, I should allude to counsel’s submission that the appellant had
rendered distinguished public service as a well-respected radiologist. That
this was a factor which the court could take into consideration for purposes
of sentencing was recognised in the case of _Glenn Knight v Public Prosecutor_
[1992] 1 SLR(R) 523. However, in this case, I did not think I needed to rely
on this as a further factor to come to my decision.

Conclusion

49 In conclusion, let me emphasise that I was, in this case, only concerned
with the question as to what was a just punishment to impose on the appellant,
taking into account all the circumstances. The fact that the appellant had
committed an offence of drink driving was not in issue. To summarise,
generally the norm in the sentencing of a first offender of drink driving is a
fine. Sentencing precedents do not bear out the assertion that when the
offender’s blood or breath alcohol level was three times over the prescribed
limit, a custodial sentence was usually imposed. Aggravating factors must be
found to justify the imposition of an imprisonment term in the present case.
None, in my view, could be found here. First, no evidence was adduced to
demonstrate that the appellant was unable to control her vehicle. Secondly,
there were extenuating circumstances when the appellant took to the wheels to
drive to the NUH that morning- see [30] to [34] above. This was not the normal
case of an offender who, after a drinking binge, decided to drive home. The
appellant was deeply remorseful of her action. Accordingly, I found that there
were no aggravating circumstances present warranting the imposition of a
custodial sentence.

50 In the result, I made the following orders which I deemed just in the
circumstances:

a. the term of two weeks’ imprisonment be set aside;

b. the appellant be fined $5,000; and

c. the four year disqualification period from holding or obtaining a driving
licence for all classes of vehicles imposed by the DJ be maintained, save that
the period was to start immediately.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 17 Mar 2010 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

