Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Pioneers & Leaders (Publishers) Pte Ltd _v_ Asia Pacific Publishing Pte
Ltd  
[2010] SGHC 211

Case Number| :| Suit No 866 0f 2008  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 30 July 2010  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Lai Siu Chiu J  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Irving Choh, Lim Bee Li (KhattarWong) for the plaintiff;
Lai Tze Chang Stanley SC, Vignesh Vaerhn, Lim Ming Hui Eunice (Allen &
Gledhill LLP) for the defendant  
Parties| :|  Pioneers & Leaders (Publishers) Pte Ltd — Asia Pacific Publishing
Pte Ltd  
  
30 July 2010| Judgment reserved  
---|---  
  
Lai Siu Chiu J:

Introduction

1 In this dispute, Pioneers & Leaders (Publishers) Pte Ltd (“the plaintiff”)
claimed that Asia Pacific Publishing Pte Ltd (“the defendant”) had infringed
the copyright of the plaintiff’s horse-racing publication known as “Punter’s
Way”. The plaintiff also sued for passing off.

Factual Background

2 The plaintiff is a company incorporated in Singapore and has been publishing
its magazine “Punter’s Way” (“PW”) since 1977. When the PW magazine was first
launched, the plaintiff set up a Research and IT unit to: (i) organize horse-
racing information that was to be included in the PW publications; (ii) set up
tabulations of the horse-racing information and decide how best the tables
should be presented in a reader-friendly manner; (iii) study, experiment and
compile the information to be placed in the PW publications; and (iv)
restructure the tables presented in the PW publications. The plaintiff
contended that there was a set of four tables in PW specifically compiled to
give readers “quick reference and useful guides”; the four tables are, (as set
out in the sequence found in the PW publications): Table 1 Race Card, Table 2
Results Panel, Table 3 Track Work, and Table 4 Records of Past Performances
(“the Tables”).

3 The defendant is also a company incorporated in Singapore. Like the
plaintiff, it similarly publishes a horse-racing magazine known as “Racing
Guide” (“RG”) which the plaintiff alleged copied many of the features of PW.

4 It was not in dispute that the plaintiff once employed Steven Michael Levar
(“Levar”) who is the managing director of the defendant. After the
incorporation of the defendant and shortly after his services with the
plaintiff ceased in January 2007, Levar assumed his current position. Levar
was the only witness for the defendant. In his affidavit of evidence-in-chief
(“AEIC”), Levar deposed that he was considered a horse-racing expert and was a
recognised bloodstock agent of horses in Singapore and Malaysia, having had 24
years’ experience in the industry including employment first as a racing
broadcaster and then, as the chief racing broadcaster and manager of the
Singapore Turf Club. Levar registered his sole-proprietorship Horse Racing
International as a business in Singapore in June 2004 which provided (and
still provides), consultancy services to race clubs in the buying and selling
of horses. Levar purchased the RG from its previous owner/publisher after
which he informed the plaintiff’s managing-director in January 2007 that as he
owned a rival to PW, he could not continue working for the plaintiff. Levar
revealed that the RG was first published in 1987 and when he acquired it, it
was a loss-making enterprise. Levar set about turning it around at which he
succeeded.

5 The plaintiff alleged that from 30 June 2007 to 5 June 2008, the defendant’s
publications of RG had infringed the plaintiff’s copyright in PW.
Specifically, it was alleged that the horse-racing information and tables in
RG had been arranged in the same sequence as that found in PW: Table 1 Race
Card, Table 2 Results Panel, Table 3 Track Work, and Table 4 Records of Past
Performances. It was alleged that the format and presentation of Tables 1 and
2 found in the RG was similar to those found in PW. It was further alleged
that in the RG, there were 8 columns in Table 3 and 17 columns in Table 4 that
were substantially similar to those found in PW.

6 In or about February 2007, the defendant added a ‘Speed Map’ feature to the
RG. Sometime in November 2007, a Graphic Analysis table was included in the
RG. The Speed Map and Graphic Analysis table were removed from the
publications of the RG in or about late December 2007 and replaced with a
“Fast Form” table placed in between Tables 1 and 2 in or about January 2008;
this was designed to give the reader a comprehensive analysis of each and
every race.

7 The plaintiff agreed that the defendant had ceased the copyright
infringement after 5 June 2008.

8 With regard to its passing off claim, the plaintiff explained that since
1993, a different colour was used on the front cover of PW to differentiate
race days. For example, maroon was used for Singapore Friday races, purple for
Singapore and Malaysia Saturday races while gold was used for Malaysia Sunday
races. PW also featured forward-racing horses on its cover page, and had
placed an advertisement panel across the bottom of the cover page. It was
alleged that since 4 January 2008, the defendant had passed off the RG as the
PW by using the same colour coding on the front cover of RG (maroon for
Singapore Friday races, dark purple for Singapore Saturday Races, light purple
for Malaysia Saturday Races, and gold for Malaysia Sunday Races). Prior to
January 2008, the defendant had featured the side profile of horses on the
cover page of the RG. It had also placed an advertisement panel in the middle-
left side of the cover page. However, since January 2008, the defendant
changed the direction of the horses featured on the cover page of the RG to
forward-racing horses similar to those shown on the cover page of the PW. The
defendant had also changed the position of the advertisement panel by placing
it across the bottom of the cover page of the RG similar to the PW.

9 The plaintiff’s solicitors sent a letter of demand to the defendant on 25
April 2008 alleging copyright infringement and passing off. The defendant took
exception to the letter which it considered “a groundless threat’ in its
pleadings.

The plaintiff’s case

10 The plaintiff had five witnesses including its managing-director Phan Tjun
Sern (“Phan”). In Phan’s AEIC the plaintiff claimed that it owned the
copyright in the _format, presentation and compilation_ of horse-racing
information in the Tables found in the publications of the PW (hereinafter
referred to as the “the alleged Works”). As stated earlier (at [5]), the
plaintiff claimed that between 30 June 2007 and 5 June 2008, the defendant’s
publications of the RG had infringed the plaintiff’s copyright in the PW.
Specifically, it was alleged that the horse-racing information and tables in
the RG had been arranged in the same sequence as that found in the PW: Table 1
Race Card, Table 2 Results Panel, Table 3 Track Work, and Table 4 Records of
Past Performances. It was alleged that the format and presentation of the
columns and headings found in Tables 1 and 2 of the RG was similar to those
found in the PW. Specifically, the format of Table 2 in relation to the
columns, headers, rows and names of horses were similar for each issue of each
corresponding publication.

11 It was further alleged that in the RG, there were 8 columns in Table 3 that
were substantially similar to those found in the PW (the columns are: 1.Saddle
Number; 2. Horse Name; 3. Trackwork for horse for 2 weeks before; 4. Trackwork
for horse for 1 week before; 5. Trackwork of horse during current week of
race; 6. Results of horse when it raced 2 weeks before; 7\. Results of horse
when it raced one week before). In addition, the plaintiff alleged that there
were 17 columns in Table 4 of the RG that were substantially similar to those
found in the PW.

12 The plaintiff added that the alleged Works had been specifically designed
so that horse-racing information was presented in a comprehensive and
accessible manner to readers.

13 The plaintiff also alleged that the RG had passed itself off as the PW
publications from January 2008 to 19 September 2008.

The defendant’s case

14 The defendant argued that any inference of copying of the alleged Works
would be **_premature_** if copyright was shown **_not to subsist_** in the
alleged Works.

15 The defendant made several contentions that copyright did not subsist in
the alleged Works.

16 First, the defendant claimed that the plaintiff did not have
**_authorship_** of the alleged Works because s 27 of the Copyright Act (Cap.
63, 2006 Rev Ed) (“the Copyright Act”) allows only natural persons and not an
incorporated entity to be an ‘author’ of copyright protected works. The
defendant argued that granting authorship to an incorporated entity would be
contrary to public policy as this leads to an indefinite perpetual copyright
term.

17 In addition, it was argued that the plaintiff cannot claim to be the author
as “many ideas, suggestions and criticism” relating to the alleged Works came
from many racing professionals and readers. Specifically, the persons who
contributed ideas to the alleged Works (Chan Win Teng, Michael Ho and Clement
Chan) were not employees of the plaintiff at the material time of the
creation. It was Chan Win Teng who came up with the idea of a Past Performance
Table while Michael Ho came up with the idea of having the Track Work Table
after the Race Card. As such, they should arguably be the closest there was to
an “author” of the alleged Works. It was undisputed that there was never any
agreement between the plaintiff and Chan Win Teng and/or Michael Ho to assign
the copyright in their ideas and suggestions to the plaintiff.

18 Second, the defendant disputed the **_originality_** of the alleged Works.
The defendant made reference to the fact that all the races in Issue No 11 of
the RG dated Monday, 10 February 1997 (“1997 RG”), showed a selection of the
four tables (Race Card, Selections and Results Table, Track Work Table and
Past Performance Table). The defendant asserted that the arrangement of tables
cannot constitute an “intellectual creation” under s 7A of the Copyright Act,
because the alleged Works were a **_logical_** sequence to arrange the horse-
racing information. It was further argued that there was no originality in the
alleged works as the use of tables to display horse-racing information was
commonplace in the industry as found in other horseracing publications; the
plaintiff’s arrangement of horse-racing information was described as “nothing
more than a commonplace selection of publicly available horse-racing data”.
There was no originality because the arrangement of tables and selection of
horse-racing information did not involve any exercise of knowledge, labour,
judgment or skill; they were created _via_ a process of data entry into a
computer and as such, the “effort and labour” were negligible. The defendant
further argued that since the horse-racing information contained facts,
copyright did not subsist in them.

19 Even if copyright had subsisted in the alleged Works, the defendant argued
that the RG publications were different from the PW publications and referred
to the ‘Fast Form’ and ‘Speed Map’ features found in the RG publications.

20 In its submissions on the action in passing off, the defendant made
reference to the fact that the plaintiff had admitted during the trial that it
did not claim to have any monopoly in the “color coding” of PW’s cover page,
as well as in advertisements featured at the bottom of a cover page.

21 The defendant had a counterclaim on the basis that (as stated earlier at
[9]), the letter of 25 April 2008 from the plaintiff’s solicitors constituted
a ‘groundless threat of proceedings’ for copyright infringement and the
defendant was thereby aggrieved. Since Levar was the person behind the
defendant, one can only assume that it was Levar who took exception to the
plaintiff’s solicitors’ letter.

Issues

22 The main issues which this Court had to decide were:

(a) Can an incorporated body be an author of an original work?

(b) Are the alleged Works original?

(c) Was the plaintiff’s copyright infringed?

(d) Does the plaintiff have a claim in passing off?

The Decision

Does the plaintiff have copyright ownership in the alleged Works?

23 The broad issue here is whether copyright subsists in the alleged Works. In
determining this issue, the defendant raised an important question of law that
has not been dealt with previously – must the author of an original work be a
natural living person and not an incorporated entity such as the plaintiff?
The _prima facie_ difficulty, as will be explained in greater detail below, is
that if the author is not a natural living person, the copyright may subsist
in perpetuity (as the author would not ‘die’); this situation would be
contrary to public policy. The further question that has to be answered is,
even if the ‘author’ is an incorporated company, when will the subsisting
copyright expire? These issues are dealt with below.

**Can an incorporated body be the author of an original work?**

24 As stated earlier in [16], the defendant asserted that the plaintiff, being
an incorporated entity and not a living person, cannot be an author of the
alleged Works because s 27 of the Copyright Act requires an “author” to be a
“qualified person”, where the latter has been defined as “a citizen of
Singapore or person resident in Singapore”. The defendant’s argument is
untenable given the clear wording of s 27, the material parts of which are
reproduced below:

**Original works in which copyright subsists**

(2) Subject to the provisions of this Act, where an original literary,
dramatic, musical or artistic work has been published —

(a) copyright shall subsist in the work; or

(b) if copyright in the work subsisted immediately before its first
publication, copyright shall continue to subsist in the work,

if, but only if —

(c) the first publication of the work took place in Singapore;

(d) the author of the work was a qualified person at the time when the work
was first published; _or_

(e) the author died before that time but was a qualified person immediately
before his death.

…

(4) In this section, “qualified person” means a citizen of Singapore or a
person resident in Singapore.

[emphasis added]

25 It is clear that s 27(2)(c), (d) and (e) are in the disjunctive; it is
mandatory that one requirement must be fulfilled for the copyright to subsist
in the alleged Works. The defendant’s argument that the author must be a
qualified person assumes that s 27(2)(d) is the only requirement that is
applicable. However, given that it is common ground between the parties that
the first publication of the PW took place in Singapore, the requirement in s
27(2)(c) had been fulfilled. In addition, I find that although the author of
the work must be a qualified person _for the purposes_ of meeting the criteria
of s 27(2)(d), there is no statutory provision that exhaustively states that
the only “author” relevant for **_all_** purposes of the Copyright Act _must_
be a qualified person. In this regard, it is pertinent to note that s 2 of the
Interpretation Act (Cap 1, 2002 Rev Ed) defines ‘person’ to include any
company or association or body of persons, corporate or unincorporated.
Further, there are no statutory provisions in the Copyright Act which state
that an author must necessarily be a living person.

26 In any event, the defendant’s reference to s 27 was wholly irrelevant
because the purpose of s 27(c), (d) and (e) is _not_ to define who can be an
author of a subsisting copyright for all purposes of the Copyright Act – the
purpose of those provisions is to ensure that the alleged Works had sufficient
connection with Singapore in order to warrant protection under the Copyright
Act. The statutory provisions essentially reflect the territoriality principle
that intellectual property rights granted in one country are protected within
the territory of the country, subject to exceptions such as multinational
agreements.

27 The more ingenuous argument made by the defendant was that the plaintiff
cannot be the ‘author’ referring to s 28(2) of the Copyright Act which states
that the copyright in a work shall continue to subsist until the expiration of
70 years after the expiration of the calendar year in which the **_author of
the work died_**. Sections 28(1) and (2) are reproduced below:

**Duration of copyright in original works**

28\. — (1) This section shall have effect subject to sections 27 (2) and 29.

(2) Subject to this section, where, by virtue of this Part, copyright subsists
in a literary, dramatic or musical work, or in an artistic work other than a
photograph, that copyright shall continue to subsist until the expiration of
70 years after the expiration of the calendar year in which the author of the
work died.

28 The defendant argued that, if the plaintiff (being an incorporated entity
and not a living natural person) was the author, it would have perpetual
copyright in the alleged works as the ‘author’ will not die (bar the situation
where the plaintiff is wound up). Such a situation would be contrary to public
policy.

29 The plaintiff submitted that an incorporated company (such as the
plaintiff) could be an ‘author’ of a copyright protected work. The plaintiff
referred to the decision of _Alteco Chemical Pte Ltd v. Chong Yean Wah
(trading as Yamayo Stationery Manufacturer)_ [1992] 2 SLR(R) 915 (“ _Alteco_
”) as support for its proposition. In _Alteco_ , the plaintiff had sued for
passing-off and copyright infringement of its ‘get-up’. The ‘get-up’ was
created by a design agency in Japan in pursuance of a commission from the
plaintiff’s parent company. Although there was no formal assignment of
copyright between the design agency and the parent company, the latter had
paid a fee to the design agency. The plaintiff had however executed an
assignment of copyright from the parent company. The issue was whether the
plaintiff had ownership of the copyright. The derivative issue was who was the
‘author’ of the ‘get-up’? If the author was the Japan design agency, the
plaintiff would have no ownership of the copyright. Since there was no
assignment of copyright between the design agency and the parent company, the
parent company had no property to pass on or assign to the plaintiff. Justice
Selvam held that since the parent company had been the one who made
arrangements and paid for the creation of the get-up, “common sense and the
principles of common law as well as equity” dictate that the ‘author’ was the
parent company. The Court observed (at [25]–[26]):

This is an age where artwork is often a result of teamwork and computer
graphics. Often, and particularly in cases where an agency is commissioned to
do a get-up or advertisement, the author has absolutely no interest in the
get-up or advertisement. Given that scenario, it is often difficult, if not
impossible, for an individual "author" to make a claim to copyright or
identify him. This is conspicuously so when a corporate or unincorporated body
undertakes to materialise an idea into an artistic work or computer graphics.
The individual(s) art worker(s) are not identified or identifiable…

… When the agency handed over the finished product they had no profit to reap
from its use. _Their only interest was their fee_. The work then had to be
print-set for a prototype and then mass printed. That was how the SG-12 get-up
was conceived, materialised and put into the production line. The finished
product with the tubes would be completed in the manufacturer's factory. In
those circumstances it would be impossible to identify a single person who
could lay a claim to the copyright of the final work. In the result, common
sense and the principles of common law as well as equity (constructive trust)
combine to hold that the only "author" who could lay a rightful claim to
copyright in the final product was Alpha Techno-Japan. _They were the ones who
made the arrangements and paid for the creation of the get-up. That would be
the modern meaning to the word "author"_. In the law of passing off the term
"trader" is widely interpreted to include a person engaged in a professional,
artistic or literary occupation. Likewise, having regard to the purpose of
copyright law, _the term "author" should be widely interpreted to include the
only person whose interest it was intended to protect_.

[emphasis added]

30 Although Justice Selvam did not expressly declare that an incorporated
company (as opposed to a natural person) can be an author of a work, the
implication of his decision was to that effect. In considering the same
question, I make reference to the observations in Bently and Sherman,
_Intellectual Property Law_ (3rd ed Oxford University Press 2009) at p 120:

More problems arise...in relation to entrepreneurial works and computer
generated works. In part, this is because the concept of authorship does not
sit comfortably with the way we tend to think about such works. That is, we do
not normally think of a sound recording, a typographical arrangement or a
broadcast as having an author, even in the broad sense in which it is used in
copyright law. In these circumstances, it is important to appreciate that the
‘author’ is an artificial construct, a legal fiction, which is used to
allocate rights. This can be seen in the fact that, in relation to sound
recordings, broadcasts, and typographical arrangements, the author is
(effectively) defined as the person who made the work possible (as distinct
from the creator). In the case of a literary, dramatic, musical or artistic
work that is computer-generated (which by definition has no author), the
‘author’ is the ‘person by whom the arrangements necessary for the creation of
the work are undertaken’.

31 As the concept of ‘authorship’ was not defined in the Copyright Act, the
burden lies on the defendant to convince this court that the Copyright Act
prohibits an incorporated company from having authorship in an original work.
Consider the situation where employees from different departments of a company
contribute in creating small parts of a work, where each small part created is
practically meaningless on its own and does not constitute an intellectual
creation with copyright protection, and it is really the company as a whole
that brings together all the parts to create a final product that is copyright
protected; the company in such a situation would arguably be an ‘author’ of
the work. I find that there is nothing in principle that would prevent an
incorporated company from having authorship in a work. Nonetheless, Justice
Selvam’s observation that the author is the ‘only person whose interest’ the
law had intended to protect should not be taken as an all encompassing
principle of law. Who an ‘author’ is must ultimately depend on the facts of
the case; specifically, the rights that were sought to be protected, and the
factual context from which the alleged Works arose. In the determination of
who an author is, the Court should be mindful of any executed assignments of
copyrights; or any assignments of future copyright (see s 195 of the Copyright
Act). The Court would in addition be sensitive to the terms of the employment
contract (if any), and any protections found in s 30 of the Copyright Act
(indeed, s 30(3) is wide enough to allow employees and employers to agree
amongst themselves the scope of copyright that each is to have in the work
created).

32 On the question of the duration of copyright where an incorporated entity
is the ‘author’, I find that it would be consistent with the statutory regime
found in the Copyright Act if the copyright in the work is found to expire 70
years after the expiration of the calendar year in which the work was first
published. In this regard, I refer to ss 28(3) and 29 of the Copyright Act:

**The duration of copyright in original works**

28...

...

(3) If, before the death of the author of a literary, dramatic or musical work
—

(a) the work had not been published;

(b) the work had not been performed in public;

(c) the work had not been broadcast;

(d) the work had not been included in a cable programme; and

(e) records of the work had not been offered or exposed for sale to the
public,

the copyright in the work shall continue to subsist until the expiration of 70
years after the expiration of the calendar year in which the work is first
published, performed in public, or broadcast, or included in a cable
programme, or records of the work are first offered or exposed for sale to the
public, whichever is the earliest of those events to happen.

(4) A reference in subsection (3) to the doing of an act in relation to a work
shall be read as including a reference to the doing of that act in relation to
an adaptation of the work.

**Duration of copyright in anonymous and pseudonymous work**

29\. —(1) Subject to subsection (2), where the first publication of a
literary, dramatic or musical work, or of an artistic work other than a
photograph, is anonymous or pseudonymous, section 28 shall not apply in
relation to the work but any copyright subsisting in the work by virtue of
this Part shall continue to subsist until the expiration of the period of 70
years after the expiration of the calendar year in which the work was first
published.

(2) Subsection (1) shall not apply in relation to a work if at any time before
the expiration of the period referred to in that subsection, the identity of
the author of the work is generally known or can be ascertained by reasonable
inquiry.

33 Section 28(2) applies to the situation where the work was published after
the death of an author, while s 29 applies where the author of a published
work is unknown or cannot be ascertained by reasonable means. It is evident
that the common period of duration for both situations starts to run from the
time when the work had been published, and the stipulated period is that of 70
years from the (expiration of the calendar) year in which the work was first
published. The rationale for this is that where the owner of the work chose
not to make his work available to the public (that is, where the choice was
made not to publish the work), the copyright regime conferred him the
indefinite right to withhold that work from the public in relation to the
rights associated with the copyright that subsisted in the work. This right
was waived once the author made the choice to reveal his work to the public
(through publication) and time started to run from that date.

34 In this regard, I find that there is no difficulty with the duration of the
copyright owned by an incorporated entity. Time started to run from the moment
the alleged Works had been published, and to be consistent with the regime set
by the statutory provisions in the Copyright Act, the relevant period would be
70 years from the (expiration of the calendar) year in which the work was
first published. I would add here that the defendant did not actually dispute
that the alleged Works had expired. The defendant had only questioned whether
an incorporated company could be a copyright owner due to the potential
situation where copyright would subsist in perpetuity.

35 In the present case, the presumption under s 131 of the Copyright Act
applies. The section states:

**Presumptions in relation to authorship of work**

131\. —(1) Where a name purporting to be that of the author of a literary,
dramatic, musical or artistic work appeared on copies of the work as published
or a name purporting to be that of the author of an artistic work appeared on
the work when it was made, the person whose name so appeared, if it was his
true name or a name by which he was commonly known, shall, in an action
brought by virtue of this Part, be presumed, unless the contrary is
established, to be the author of the work and to have made the work in
circumstances to which section 30 (4), (5) and (6) does not apply.

36 There is a presumption that the plaintiff was the author of the alleged
Works as the plaintiff’s name appeared in the PW publications (usually at the
last or second last page of the publications). The burden lies on the
defendant to prove otherwise. Apart from mounting legal arguments to denounce
the plaintiff’s authorship, the defendant did not adduce any evidence to
disprove that the plaintiff was the author of the alleged Works.

Are the alleged Works original?

37 The defendant disputed the originality of the alleged Works. Earlier (at
[4] and [10]), I had made passing reference to the witnesses called by the
parties. Besides Phan (PW1) and Coops (PW5), the plaintiff’s other witnesses
were Michael Ho (PW2) a former jockey with the Singapore Turf Club and a
friend of Phan, who testified that he gave suggestions to the plaintiff as a
reader, on how to improve the PW. Another witness of the plaintiff was Clement
Chan (“Chan”). Chan (PW3) who is a racing consultant for a subsidiary of the
plaintiff that owned a website www.winner21.com. Chan was a jockey until 1989
when an accident to his leg cut short his racing career. He too testified that
he had also given recommendations to the plaintiff as a reader on ways to
improve the PW.

38 The defendant (Levar) on the other hand claimed that many readers and
horse-racing experts had _contributed ideas_ to the PW publication.
Specifically, he said Chan Win Teng came up with the idea of a Past
Performance Table while Michael Ho came up with the idea of having the Track
Work Table after the Race Card. The defendant also argued that there had never
been any assignment of copyright between those people and the plaintiff. Such
arguments are _misplaced_. The plaintiff was not claiming copyright protection
in the unexpressed ideas in relation to the organization of horse-racing
information. It is trite law that copyright law protects not the idea itself,
but the _expression_ of the idea. This principle was affirmed by the Court of
Appeal decision in _Flamelite (S) Pte Ltd and others v. Lam Heng Chung and
others_ [2001] 3 SLR(R) 610 at [22]–[23] (“ _Flamelite_ ”):

We would reiterate that to obtain copyright it is not necessary that the ideas
or thoughts should be original or complex. Copyright protects the expression
of ideas, not the ideas themselves.

…The primary concern of copyright is with the form in which an idea is
expressed. The requirement of originality in copyright law relates solely to
the form in which the work is expressed: _University of London Press Limited v
University Tutorial Press Limited_ [1916] 2 Ch 601.

39 The defendant further argued that the use of tables to display horse-racing
information was commonplace in the industry as it was found in other horse-
racing publications; the plaintiff’s arrangement of horse-racing information
was described as “nothing more than a commonplace selection of publicly
available horseracing data”. There was no originality because the arrangement
of tables and selection of horse-racing information did not involve any
exercise of knowledge, labour, judgment or skill; they were created via a
process of data entry into a computer and as such, the “effort and labour”
were negligible. The defendant further asserted that the arrangement of tables
could not constitute an “intellectual creation” under s 7A of the Copyright
Act because the alleged Works were a logical sequence to arranging the horse-
racing information.

40 The defendant’s arguments were unconvincing. The threshold for originality
was not set at an exceedingly high level, as can be seen from the decision in
_Auvi Pte Ltd v. Seah Siew Tee and another_ [1991] 2 SLR(R) 786, where Chao
Hick Tin J said (at [32]–[33]):

The law on this is clear. Originality in this regard does not mean novelty or
uniqueness; nor does it necessarily involve inventiveness. _All that needs to
be shown is that the author created it and has not copied it from another, and
that he has expended towards its creation a substantial amount of skill or
labour_. What will be the exact amount of skill, labour or judgment required
cannot be defined in precise terms: see Lord Atkinson in _Macmillan & Co Ltd v
Cooper (K&J)_ [1923] 40 TRL 186 at 190.

The cases would appear to show that simplicity _per se_ does not prevent a
work from acquiring copyright: see _British Northrop Ltd v Texteam Blackburn
Ltd_ [1974] RPC 57 and _KARO STEP Trade Mark_. Even drawings of things in
common use such as engines and gear boxes are copyrightable: see _Nichols
Advanced Vehicle Systems Inc v Rees_ [1979] RPC 127. I think this statement of
Megarry J in _British Northrop Ltd_ at 68 says it all: "A single straight line
drawn with the aid of a ruler would not seem to me a promising subject for
copyright. But apart from cases of such barren and naked simplicity as that, I
should be slow to exclude drawings from copyright on the mere score of
simplicity. I do not think that the mere fact that a drawing is of an
elementary and common place article makes it too simple to be the subject of
copyright." As I see it, where an author has made use of an existing subject
matter in creating his drawing, it is always a question of determining whether
he has put in sufficient skill and labour to justify copyright protection for
his result.

41 In this regard, the skill and creativity expanded in the selection,
ordering and arrangement of the alleged Works was plainly evident from
expressed form found in the PW publication, from the intangible and
unexpressed ideas given by different personnel. The transformation of such
intangible ideas into the manifested forms as shown in the publications
naturally gave rise to an inference that some effort and labour had been
involved. This inference was further supported by the detailed evidence. The
plaintiff had at first created a prototype of the layout of horse-racing
information; this prototype was sent to the plaintiff’s directors, senior
managers, IT consultants, the IT and Research Unit as well as the editorial
team for modifications and suggestions. It was also undisputed that the
plaintiff had, from July 1993 onwards, begun to computerize their Track Work
information database and the information on ‘Home-based and current track
work’ was introduced in the 3 July 1993 issue of the PW. The plaintiff also
incorporated a column to indicate the training stints of horses and further
included the additional feature of the ‘finishing position and field size’
(which showed the horse’s finishing position for a race ran by the horse after
a training stint), since the 19 June 2003 edition of the PW. These new
features were added to provide readers with a quick assessment of how the
specific horse had responded (as shown in the race performance) to a training
stint. From and after the 29 April 2005 issue of the PW, the plaintiff
improved the tabulations to include information which showed the horses’ ‘past
performance records’ for the previous four weeks.

42 I accept the plaintiff’s evidence that the horse-racing information was
specifically placed in accordance with what the plaintiff believed was most
important to the readers of their publications. For example, the sequence of
information was placed in the Race Card such that the most important
information, being the saddle number, was placed first, followed by the latest
race results and the horses’ names. As such, I have no doubt that there had
been sufficient skill and labour applied to the alleged Works. The
‘originality’ of the alleged Works cannot be disputed.

43 In addition to the above arguments, the defendant argued that since the
horse-racing information was essentially facts, copyright does not subsists in
the same. This argument is without merit. The plaintiff was not claiming
copyright in the horse-racing information _per se_ , but in the _selection and
arrangement of the information_.

44 The defendant also made reference to the fact that all the races in Issue
no. 11 of the RG dated Monday 10 February 1997 (“the 1997 RG”), showed a
selection of the four tables (Race Card, Selections and Results Table, Track
Work Table and Past Performance Table). This observation was raised by the
defendant in cross-examination; it was not its pleaded case. This evidence of
the 1997 RG was hardly relevant. That publication showed that it was only in
Race 5 that the Track Work Table came after a Race Card. The defendant sought
to argue that this showed that the defendant had already chosen to arrange the
sequence of the Tables as early as 1997, and therefore the plaintiff could not
claim originality to the sequence. This reliance on a one-off sequence cannot
ignore the skill and labour that the plaintiff had put into its original work.
The fact remains that out of all the races in a year, the defendant had chosen
to arrange the sequence of the table as such on a single Race 5 on 10 February
1997. I hold that a one-off arrangement of the tables that coincidentally
happened to be similar to the plaintiff’s works did not erase the originality
of the latter. To find otherwise would render the concept of originality to
arbitrary exceptions.

Was the plaintiff’s copyright infringed?

45 To establish that the copyright had been infringed, the plaintiff must show
that copying had taken place, and this is proved by establishing substantial
similarity combined with proof of access to the alleged Works.

46 As the defendant did not dispute the fact that Levar had access to the PW
publications when he was employed by the plaintiff, there is no issue that the
defendant had access to the alleged Works. The focus of this analysis will be
on whether the works in the RG were substantially similar to those in the PW.
In addition to showing _substantial similarity_ (which aids in giving rise to
a rebuttable inference of copying), s 10(1) read with s 31 of the Copyright
Act requires that, to constitute infringement, what is copied must be a
_substantial part_ of the protected work. On the question of what constitutes
“substantial part”, the Court of Appeal in _Flamelite_ had endorsed (at [35])
the observations by Buckley LJ in _Catnic Components Limited v Hill & Smith
Limited_ [1979] FSR 619 at 626–627:

I do not question the principle that in deciding whether what had been
reproduced by an alleged infringer is a substantial part of the work allegedly
infringed, one must regard the quality (that is to say the importance) rather
than the quantity of the part reproduced (see _Ladbroke (Football) Ltd v
William Hill (Football) Ltd_ [1964] 1 WLR 273, per Lord Reid at p 276 and per
Lord Pearce at p 293); but what is protected is the plaintiffs' 'artistic
work' as such, not any information which it may be designed to convey. If it
is said that a substantial part of it has been reproduced, whether that part
can properly be described as substantial may depend upon how important that
part is to the recognition and appreciation of the 'artistic work'. If an
'artistic work' is designed to convey information, the importance of some part
of it may fall to be judged by how far it contributes to conveying that
information, but not, in my opinion, by how important the information may be
which it conveys or helps to convey. What is protected is the skill and labour
devoted to making the 'artistic work' itself, not the skill and labour devoted
to developing some ideas or invention communicated or depicted by the
'artistic work'.

**The evidence showed substantial similarity and that a substantial part of
the work has been copied**.

47 This was essentially a question of fact. In the publications of the RG
between June to November 2007, the relevant tables were arranged in a sequence
that was exactly the same as that found in the PW publications: Table 1 Race
Card, Table 2 Results Panel, Table 3 Trackwork and Table 4 Past Performance,
except that there was a ‘Selections’ feature found in between Table 1 and
Table 2. The selections feature did not alter the substantially similar
sequence of the Tables because it was Levar’s own evidence that the selections
feature was sometimes read together with Table 2 Results Panel as one table. I
find that the selections feature was subsequently _incorporated_ into the
Table 2 Results Table and became part of Table 2 itself. Levar had admitted
that the selections panel subsequently ‘disappeared’ as it was combined into
the Result Panel. As such, the sequential arrangement of the 4 Tables in the
RG publications from June to November 2007 was exactly the same as that found
in the PW publications.

48 For publications of the RG between November and December 2007, the
sequential arrangements of the relevant four Tables were exactly the same as
those in the PW publications: Table 1 Race Card, Table 2 Results Panel, Table
3 Trackwork and Table 4 Past Performance. For the publications of the RG
starting from January 2008, three of the relevant Tables were arranged in
exactly the same manner as those in PW: Table 2 Results Panel, Table 3
Trackwork and Table 4 Past Performance. There was a Fast Form feature found in
between Table 1 and Table 2 for the RG publications after January 2008.

49 With regards to the specific examination of the format, presentation and
compilation of horse-racing information found in the Tables, counsel for both
parties had focused their analysis on a comparison between the 5 January 2008
Issue No 3 of the PW with the corresponding RG Issue No 3 dated 5 January
2008. I find that the 8 columns of Table 1 found in the RG were arranged in
substantially the same sequence. The only difference was that the ‘weight’
column was placed earlier in the RG, and the ‘Trainer’ and ‘MPA’ columns were
interchanged as the last two columns. The Table 2 Results Panel in the RG was
similar to that found in the PW. Where the RG could have placed the results of
the race in other formats, (a _vertical_ format would come to mind), the
defendant had chosen a similar horizontal format for Table 2; it bears noting
that the expression of the idea of allowing punters to write down their own
results had been copied by the defendant _in toto_ , even in the exact
sequence of the top 4 horses, followed by the ‘time’ column, with a dollar
sign (‘$’) found in each column. The substantial similarity for Table 3 was
undeniable. While the plaintiff had chosen to place the horse-racing
information in the following sequence: 1.Saddle Number; 2. Horse Name; 3.
Trackwork for horse for _2 weeks before_ ; 4. Trackwork for horse for _1 week
before_ ; 5. Trackwork of horse during _current week_ of race, the defendant
had also done the same for the RG. It was particularly noteworthy that the RG
had precisely the same combination and sequence of: Trackwork for horse for _2
weeks before_ followed by Trackwork for horse for _1 week before_ and then
Trackwork of horse during _current week_ of race. For Table 4, not only was
the presentation of the information _within_ the columns identical to those
found in the PW, the sequence layout for 17 columns was also substantially
similar.

50 The substantial similarity between the alleged works in the PW and the
arrangement of horse-racing information in the RG gave rise to a _prima facie_
inference that copying had taken place. The burden of proof shifted to the
defendant to rebut this inference. Apart from the substantial similarity
between the works in both publications, I also find that a _substantial part_
of the works in the PW had been reproduced in the RG.

Rebuttal of the inference of copying and that a substantial part of the work
had been copied

51 The defendant maintained that between February 2007 and November 2008, it
had improved its publications by incorporating some ‘unique features’ into the
RG for ‘easier and efficient reading’. Specifically, the RG’s Race Card (Table
1) had a column of “J-1-2-3” which showed different horse-racing information
from the “R-1-2-3” column found in that of PW. The defendant explained that
the information in “J-1-2-3” showed the jockey’s current form statistic over
the last 20 races. The alphabet “J” represented the number of races the jockey
had ridden. The number “1” represented the number of wins over the last 20
races, the number ‘2’ represented the number of times the jockey achieved 2nd
place out of the last 20 races. The defendant further highlighted that Table 1
in the RG showed the lowest, highest and current Malaysian Racing Association
(“MRA”) whereas the PW publications showed only the current MRA, ratings. It
was also pointed out that the RG’s Trackwork table (Table 3) had a ‘stars’
column for horses that were in form. As for Table 4 which was the Past
Performance Table, the plaintiff asserted that the RG publication allowed
readers to write the current week’s track work, and had a ‘proven weight’
feature. It also provided readers with information concerning starts, firsts,
seconds and thirds a horse had obtained overseas.

52 The Court of Appeal in _Flamelite_ was quick to emphasize that the
existence of dissimilarities did not necessarily mean that there was no
infringement or that there was no copying. The real question in each instance
was (at [40] of _Flamelite_):

whether the defendant has _incorporated_ into their plans and products, a
substantial proportion of the plaintiff's plans. To answer this question, the
_whole of the work_ must be considered and in this exercise the originality
and simplicity of the plan and its functional object must be borne in mind.
All said, past cases are only illustrative of judicial approach in the light
of the prevailing facts.

[emphasis added]

53 The Court of Appeal referred to the Australian High Court decision of _S W
Hart & Co Pty Ltd v Edwards Hot Water Systems_ (1985) 61 ALR 251. The case
concerned the infringement of drawings relating to a solar energy hot water
system. There Gibbs CJ said (at 255):

Particular reliance was placed ... in argument before us by counsel for the
respondent on the differences in the dimensions of certain parts manufactured
by the respondent and the dimensions of corresponding parts shown on the
drawings, but I agree with Franki J that _it does not follow that the relevant
similarity does not exist merely because the dimensions of a part shown in a
drawing and those of the corresponding three-dimensional part differ
somewhat_. _Minor differences of that kind may be deliberately made for the
very purpose of disguising the fact that copying has occurred_. It is true
that there were a good many differences in detail between the respondent's
products and the appellant's drawings, although they seem to me to be
comparatively minor.

...

The question is _not whether there are dissimilarities but whether the
respondent's products closely resembled the appellant's drawings or a
substantial part of them_.

[emphasis added].

54 In relation to the sequential arrangement of the Tables, I find that the
inference of copying had not been rebutted. As stated above in [46]–[47], the
arrangements of the tables found in the RG publications from June to December
2007 were in an identical fashion to that found in the PW. For the RG
publications (since January 2008), although there was a ‘fast form’ feature
placed after the Race Card, the substantial sequential arrangement remained
the same: Results Panel was followed by the Trackwork Table, which was in turn
followed by the Past Performance Table. Indeed, there were times when the RG
publications had even omitted fast form information (see as examples pages 10
and 20 of the RG issue no. 3 dated 5 January 2008). For the relevant set of
Tables, the sequential arrangement would be exactly the same as those found in
the PW.

55 With regards to the Race Card (Table 1), the column of “J-1-2-3” in the RG
was identical to the “R-1-2-3” column found in PW’s Race Card. The only
difference was that the “J-1-2-3” column had standardised the jockey’s
information to 20 races for all jockeys, whereas the “R-1-2-3” column had
different number of races for different jockeys such that the numbers below
the “R” column changed. The standardisation of having the information of 20
races for all jockeys was a _de minimis_ change; the fact remained that the
format of presentation of the information was identical. The addition of 2
more sub-columns for the MRA ratings does not alter my finding that a
substantial part of the plaintiff’s work had been copied. Indeed, Levar
himself admitted that prior to 21 April 2007, RG did not have any columns for
_the total runs_ of the horse. On the contrary, the total runs column found in
PW’s race card existed even before 21 April 2007. It cannot be overlooked that
the person with access to the plaintiff’s alleged Works was its former
employee Levar, who became the defendant’s managing director after leaving the
plaintiff in January 2007. As such, Levar’s admission would only reinforce the
presumption of copying. Levar made a further admission (at N/E 78):

Q: the jockey column, J1, 2, 3 compared to the R1, 2, 3 column, that was also
not there when you took over the Racing Guide. Correct?

A: Correct.

His admission reinforces the inference that the “J-1-2-3” column was copied
from PW’s “R-1-2-3” column.

56 The defendant did not (unlike for the other three tables) point out in its
pleadings any ‘unique features’ for the results and selections panel. The
inference of copying the format and presentation of the horse-racing
information for the results and selections panel is therefore unrebutted. As I
have said in [49], the results of the race and the names of the horse could
have easily been placed in a vertical format; but the defendant had chosen to
copy _in toto_ the plaintiff’s method of presenting such information.

57 It was also pointed out that the RG’s Trackwork table (Table 3) had a
‘stars’ column for horses that were in form. I find this to be a mere fanciful
and _cosmetic_ addition. The fact remains that the defendant had copied the
_exact_ format of presentation of the horses’ Trackwork, specifically in the
sequence of Trackwork for horse for _2 weeks before_ , followed by Trackwork
for horse for _1 week before_ ; and then Trackwork of horse during _current
week_ of race. The defendant could have easily chosen a different method of
presenting the information; or a different format of tabulating or presenting
the same information. I would add that a defendant cannot evade the copyright
regime, after it had copied a substantial part of the plaintiff’s work into
its works, by adding a cosmetic and fanciful feature (consciously or
otherwise) to present a facade of difference.

58 As for Table 4 (the Past Performance Table), the plaintiff asserted that
the RG publications allowed readers to write the current week’s track work,
and it had a ‘proven weight’ feature. It also provided readers with
information concerning starts, firsts, seconds and thirds placings that a
horse had obtained overseas. However, despite the apparent additions, it bears
reiterating that the question of substantiality is not merely a matter of
quantum, but that of quality (See _John Robert Powers School Inc and Others v
Tessensohn Denyse Bernadette (trading as Clea Professional Image Consultants)_
[1993] 2 SLR(R) 798 where the same principle was applied in a different
context). The real question for _all four Tables_ is, looking at the _manner_
of presentation and compilation of the horse-racing information _as a whole_ ,
whether the Tables in the RG incorporated a _substantial part_ of the alleged
works found in the PW publications, even after considering the input of those
additions in the RG publications. I have no doubt that the answer to this is
“Yes” for all four Tables.

59 A close perusal of the publications shows that the format, presentation and
compilation of the horse-racing information remain the same. Specifically for
Table 4, I find that the defendant had _slavishly_ copied the _manner_ of
presentation _in toto_ from the PW publications and had merely inserted a
horizontal row at the end of each horse’s table showing features such as its
overseas performance, the ‘yielding’ statistic and track information (soft or
heavy track). It is significant to note that the whole portion of the table
_above_ this new horizontal row remained identical to the Table found in the
PW.

60 In fact, the evidence which convinced me that there had been a most
**_blatant_** form of copying by the defendant, was the fact that the spaces
(or gaps) between every 4 rows of the horses’ names in the Race Card of the RG
publication were identical to the spaces (or gaps) in the Race Card found in
the PW publication. For example, in comparing the Race Card for race 2 of the
5 January 2008 Issue No 3 of PW (at page 10) with the corresponding RG Issue
No 3 dated 5 January 2008 (at page 10), it could be seen that there was a
space between the third horse ‘Monopoly’ and the fourth horse ‘Wonderful
Gift’. There was also the same gap between the eighth and ninth horses as well
as between the twelfth and thirteenth horses. The _same gap was copied_ onto
the PG publications in between the same horses! It is plainly evident that
there have been instances of blind copying by the defendant. It would take
more than a lame denial that the spacing was due to the “computer programming”
(neither documentary evidence was adduced by the defendant on this point, nor
did any witnesses with computing expertise testify the same) for the defendant
to discharge its burden of disproving blatant copying.

61 Indeed, Levar himself admitted (at N/E 66) that the horse-racing
information can be presented in a different format from that found in the PW:

Q...would you agree with me that racing data within a table can be arranged in
different ways within a table?

A...I generally find that each country has their own way of arranging data.

Q...My question is really quite simple. The racing data within a table can be
arranged in different ways.

ANot too many different ways.

QYes, yes. But “can” that means “yes”. You are answering “Yes. They can be
arranged in different ways.”

ASlightly, yes.

62 The defendant did not produce any other publications to prove that there
had been the same manner of presenting horse-racing information as that found
in the PW publications. If the defendant had done so, it would have gone some
way to rebut the presumption that the defendant had copied the presentation
found in the PW. On the other hand, the plaintiff had adduced evidence of
other racing publications (_viz_ the Hong Kong Daily News Racing Booklet, the
Malaysia and Hong Kong Turf Guide, and the Penang Turf Club Race booklet)
which showed that the horse-racing information was arranged in _different
ways_. Amongst the different formats that the defendant could have chosen to
arrange the horse- racing information in the Tables, the fact that the
defendant had the same arrangement as that found in the plaintiff’s PW
publications, coupled with the fact that both PW and RG’s market are
substantially in Singapore (therefore making them direct competitors in the
market), gave rise to a very strong inference of copyright infringement.

63 Based on the totality of the evidence presented before this court, I find
that the plaintiff has succeeded in its claim for copyright infringement. For
the avoidance of doubt, I would add here that the question of whether the RG
publications had originality is separate from the question of whether the
contents of the RG publications had incorporated a substantial part of the
plaintiff’s works in PW. This Court is only concerned with the latter
question. Once it was shown on the evidence that a substantial part of the
alleged Works had been copied, the case of copyright infringement is made out.
The other question only arises if the defendant wishes to assert that it has
copyright in its works in the RG. That however is not the defendant’s pleaded
position (See _Virtual Map (Singapore) Pte Ltd v. Suncool International Pte
Ltd_ [2005] 2 SLR(R) 157 where Lai Kew Chai J held that any original work
which is thereafter derived from the infringement may nevertheless enjoy
copyright).

The plaintiff’s claim in passing off

64 Contrary to the defendant’s contentions, I find that the plaintiff had
sufficiently pleaded its case in passing off. The plaintiff explained that
since 1993, a different colour was used on the front cover of PW to
differentiate different race days (maroon for Singapore Friday races, purple
for Singapore and Malaysia Saturday races and gold for Malaysia Sunday races).
PW publications had also featured forward-racing horses on the cover page and
had an advertisement panel placed across the bottom of the cover page. It was
pleaded that from 4 January 2008 onwards, the defendant had passed off the RG
publications as the PW publications by using the same colour coding on the
front cover of RG. Prior to January 2008, the defendant had featured the side
profile of horses on the cover page of RG. It had also placed an advertisement
panel in the middle-left side of the cover page. However, since January 2008,
the defendant changed the direction of the horses featured on RG’s cover page,
to forward-racing horses similar to those shown on PW’s cover page. The
defendant had also changed the position of the advertisement panel and placed
it across at the bottom of RG’s cover page, similar to that of the PW.

65 The plaintiff pleaded the particulars relating to the goodwill of its
business: Since 1977, PW has been sold in more than 130 7-Eleven stores and
more than 600 newsstands in Singapore. An average of 31,000 copies were sold
every week. The plaintiff further promoted the PW through video advertisements
on all screens in the Singapore Turf Club, at the Off-Course betting centres
of the Turf Club and on Channels 88 and 89 of Singapore Cable Vision. The
plaintiff specifically pleaded that it had acquired goodwill in the “sale of
Punters’ Way by way of the overall planning and get-up of the magazine”.

66 The plaintiff pleaded misrepresentation on the part of the defendant “by
adopting a confusingly similar colour code, the defendant had misrepresented
to members of the public that the defendant’s publications were that of the
plaintiff and/or connected to or associated with the plaintiff”.

67 The plaintiff’s pleadings also prayed for “an inquiry as to the damages
caused to the plaintiff as a result of the copyright infringement and passing
off”.

68 It is evident that the plaintiff had pleaded the three main elements of an
action in passing off which aspects were summarised by Lord Oliver in _Reckitt
& Colman Products Ltd v Borden Inc_ [1990] 1 WLR 491at p 460 (“ _Reckitt_ ”)
and endorsed by our Court of Appeal in _CDL Hotels International Ltd v.
Pontiac Marina Pte Ltd_ [1998] 2 SLR 550 (“ _CDL Hotels_ ”) at [86]:

The law of passing off can be summarised in one short general proposition — no
man may pass off his goods as those of another. More specifically, it may be
expressed in terms of the elements which the plaintiff in such an action has
to prove in order to succeed. These are three in number. First, he must
establish a goodwill or reputation attached to the goods or services which he
supplies in the mind of the purchasing public by association with the
identifying ‘get-up’ (whether it consists simply of a brand name or a trade
description, or the individual features of labelling or packaging) under which
his particular goods or services are offered to the public, such that the get-
up is recognised by the public as distinctive specifically of the plaintiff’s
goods or services. Secondly, he must demonstrate a misrepresentation by the
defendant to the public (whether or not intentional) leading or likely to lead
the public to believe that goods or services offered by him are the goods or
services of the plaintiff. Whether the public is aware of the plaintiff’s
identify as the manufacturer or supplier of the goods or services is
immaterial, as long as they are identified with a particular source which is
in fact the plaintiff. For example, if the public is accustomed to rely upon a
particular brand name in purchasing goods of a particular description, it
matters not at all that there is little or no public awareness of the identity
of the proprietor of the brand name. Thirdly, he must demonstrate that he
suffers or, in a _quia timet_ action that he is likely to suffer, damage by
reason of the erroneous belief engendered by the defendant’s misrepresentation
that the source of the defendant’s goods or services is the same as the source
of those offered by the plaintiff.

Goodwill in the sale of PW by way of its overall planning and get-up

69 The plaintiff must establish that there was a “capricious addition” to its
PW publications, and that the overall get-up of the PW had become distinctive
of the publications themselves, such that members of the public associate or
identify the PW publications with its overall get-up. This is a question of
fact. It is apposite at this juncture, to make reference to the astute
observations by the Court of Appeal in the decision of _Tong Guan Food
Products Pte Ltd v. Hoe Huat Hng Foodstuff Pte Ltd_ [1991] 1 SLR(R) 903 (“
_Tong Guan_ ”) at para [10]:

From our _overall impression_ of the packaging, it is clear to us that the
appellant is entitled to rely on the packaging as a whole as a distinctive
get-up, and that there is _a capricious addition to the article_ itself. This
is only one aspect however of what the appellant must establish. The appellant
must also show that _the get-up is well known in connection with its business,
ie the reputation of the get-up must be established_. The appellant must prove
that the mark, name or other indicia on which it relies is well known in
connection with a business in which it has goodwill, or with goods connected
with that business, and is _distinctive of those goods or that business_. In
this case, the appellant is relying on the get-up of the cashew nuts and
salted almonds packaging. The only way in which a person can acquire
reputation in a mark, name or other indicia is by using it in connection with
his business or goods. The precise extent of use required depends on the
nature of the particular mark, name or indicia used and of the business or
goods concerned.

[emphasis added]

70 The Court of Appeal had also emphasized on the factual nature of the
enquiry by citing with approval the decision of _White Hudson & Co v Asian
Organization Ltd_ [1965] 1 MLJ 186 ,where the goods in question were "Hacks"
sweets which were wrapped in red coloured cellophane paper on which the word
"Hacks" was printed. Lord Guest said at p 188:

The essence of a passing-off action is that A is not entitled to represent his
goods as the goods of B or enable someone else to do so. (_John Brinsmead &
Sons Ltd v_ [_Edward George Staleny_] _Brinsmead_ 30 RPC 493). The first
matter which a plaintiff must prove in a passing-off action is that the
**_get-up of his goods has become distinctive of these goods and that it was
associated or identified with them_**. This **is a**** _question of fact_**
and upon this the appellants have the finding of the trial judge in their
favour. Their Lordships are satisfied that the trial judge was justified in so
finding. _The fact that non-English speaking customers were in the habit of
asking for 'red paper cough sweets' shows clearly that to these customers the
get-up of the red coloured wrapper had become associated or identified with
the appellants' goods_. An attempt was made by the respondents to show that
the red coloured wrappers were common to the trade. This attempt failed, as it
was clear on the evidence that prior to 1953 no wrapper similar to that used
on the appellants' sweets had ever been used in Singapore, and from 1953-1958
the appellants' sweets were the only sweets so wrapped which were sold in
Singapore.

[emphasis in italics original, emphasis in bold added]

71 As pointed out by Lord Oliver in _Reckitt_ at p 499 (_supra_[68]), it is
sufficient if members of the public identified the get-up with the PW
publications, there is no need for members of the public to identify the get-
up with the plaintiff themselves:

[The plaintiff] must demonstrate a misrepresentation by the defendant to the
public (whether or not intentional) leading or likely to lead the public to
believe that goods or services offered by him are the goods or services of the
plaintiff. Whether the public is aware of the plaintiff’s identity as the
manufacturer or supplier of the goods or services is immaterial, as long as
they are identified with a particular source which is in fact the plaintiff.

72 In this case the defendant had contended that the plaintiff failed to claim
any goodwill in the _particular_ colour coding; the plaintiff also did not
claim to have the monopoly to feature advertisements at the bottom of its
front cover page. The defendant’s contentions are irrelevant because the
plaintiff’s get-up is the overall appearance of the PW publication; it would
be artificial to analyse the _constituent parts_ of PW’s cover page in
_isolation_. Such an approach would also be contrary to the plaintiff’s
pleaded position that it is claiming goodwill in the “sale of PW by way of its
_overall_ planning and get-up”. The PW publication therefore has to be looked
at as a whole, and the relevant get-up is the distinctive colours used for
specific race dates _seen together with_ the forward racing horses shown on
the cover page _and_ the advertisement panel placed at the bottom of the cover
page.

73 I have taken into consideration the fact that PW had adopted the unique
colour-coding since 1993, that PW has been sold in a substantial number of
stores and newsstands in Singapore and that there had been considerable
efforts in advertising, where the plaintiff promoted the PW through
advertisements in the Singapore Turf Club, the Off-Course betting centres of
the Turf Club and on Channels 88 and 89 of Singapore Cable Vision. I find that
the plaintiff had built up considerable goodwill in the business and overall
get-up of PW publications. My finding is reinforced by the evidence shown by
the market research conducted by Greg Coops (“Coops”) the managing director of
Asian Strategies Pte Ltd) who has had 30 years’ experience in quantitative and
qualitative market research. Coops testified that a sample of 400 respondents
had been interviewed and surveyed in October 2008 and 83% of the respondents
identified PW as the most widely read racing guide in Singapore, while 91% of
those who have ever bought PW had done so in the previous six months from the
date of survey.

Misrepresentation

74 The question here is whether there had been misrepresentation that had led
or is likely to lead ordinary and sensible members of the public to confusion,
in relation to the RG and PW publications. I must emphasize at this point that
whether or not there had been misrepresentation is a question of fact to be
determined by the Court. As was observed by the Court of Appeal in Tong Guan
at [24]:

The law is settled and there is a series of cases for the following
propositions from the last century to the present. The test to be applied has
been stated in _Newsweek Inc v British Broadcasting Corporation_ [1979] RPC
441 at 447 which is _whether ordinary sensible members of the public would be
confused_. It is not sufficient that the only confusion would be to a very
small unobservant section of society or as Foster J put it recently, if the
only person who would be misled would be a moron in a hurry. It is sufficient
that a _substantial proportion of persons who are probably purchasers of the
goods of the kind in question would in fact be confused_. _Whether or not
there is misrepresentation is always a question of fact to be determined by
the court in the light of evidence of surrounding circumstances. The
impression is entirely a matter for the judgment of the court and not that of
the witnesses_. All that can be done is to ascertain in every case as it
occurs whether there is such a resemblance as to deceive a purchaser using
ordinary caution.

[emphasis added].

75 In this regard, there is no need to prove actual confusion amongst members
of the public, as held in _CDL Hotels_ at [68]:

It is not necessary that there should be any confusion occasioned by the
misrepresentation, although confusion is of great evidential value in
determining whether or not there has been any misrepresentation. If the names
of two entities are confusingly similar, there is a great likelihood that the
public will be misled into thinking that they or their businesses are
connected with each other.

76 On a perusal of the cover pages of both RG and PW, I find that, even
without the assistance of Coops’ expert evidence (which I will elaborate upon
below), there is little doubt that there had been misrepresentation that would
result in confusion amongst members of the public. In fact, there is a
_compelling_ case that the defendant had _consciously and deliberately_ made
changes to the RG’s cover page to misrepresent the RG’s publication as that of
PW. Levar left the plaintiff’s employment in January 2007 and he subsequently
started the defendant and its publication of RG. About a year later in January
2008, the RG publications adopted the colour coding used by PW for races. The
defendant had the choice of other colours to use for the races, yet it chose
to use the exact same colours as those used by the PW. The case becomes
compelling when the _same colours_ were used for the _same specific function_
as those devised by the plaintiff.

77 Additionally, prior to January 2008, the defendant had featured the side
profile of horses on the cover page of RG. It had also placed an advertisement
panel in the middle-left side of the cover page. Since January 2008, the
defendant changed the direction of the horses featured on RG’s cover page, to
forward-racing horses similar to those shown on PW’s cover page. The defendant
had also changed the position of the advertisement panel and placed it across
at the bottom of RG’s cover page, similar to that of PW.

78 The similarities for the Chinese versions is even more obvious. It is
pertinent that the Chinese title for RG is ‘** _Punter’s Luck_** ’ in
Mandarin, which bears a striking similarity to the Chinese title for PW which
is ‘** _Punter’s Friend_** ’ in Mandarin. This brings to mind the decision of
_Associated Newspapers Ltd v. Express Newspapers_ [2003] EWHC 1322, where the
Court found that the titles of two newspapers, “The Mail” and “The Daily
Mail”, created a likelihood of confusion, given the possibility of consumer’s
imperfect recollection of the overall impression of the newspaper and its
title:

The question of likelihood of confusion has to be looked at globally taking
into account all the circumstances including the closeness of the goods, the
impressions given by the marks, the possibility of imperfect recollection and
the risk that the public might believe that the goods come from the same
source or economically-linked sources. Applying that approach here, it is
clear that there is a likelihood of such confusion insofar as the defendant
uses the name _The Mail_ .

Given the similarities in the present case, there can be no doubt that the
defendant had deliberately attempted to mislead readers and members of the
public.

79 I make the above observations without regard to Coops’ testimony. In any
event, his evidence only served to reinforce my findings. The defendant made
the argument that Coops’ evidence was irrelevant because his report went
beyond the pleaded case. The defendant noted that Coops’ field report was
conducted between 17 to 24 October 2008, while the pleaded case of passing off
was for the period of 4 January 2008 to 19 September 2008.

80 The defendant’s argument is illogical – the fact that the survey was
conducted in October 2008 does not make it fall outside the pleaded case, so
long as the survey was made in reference to publications and materials that
fell within the pleaded time frame. It can be seen from Coops’ report that an
issue of RG dated 27 April 2008 was used in conducting the survey. This fell
within the pleaded timeframe. The defendant’s assertion that Coops was
‘biased’ borders on mischief. The defendant’s counsel had the opportunity to
establish in cross-examination the basis of such an assertion but failed to do
so.

81 Coops had used publications of PW, RG and the Turf Guide (as a control) to
conduct the market research. His research showed that 78% of readers above the
age of 50 had mistaken the PW publication for that of RG (when shown a copy of
PW); while 21% of readers above the age of 50 had mistaken the RG publication
for PW (when shown a copy of RG). 25% of readers surveyed felt that they would
definitely be, or that it was likely that they would be confused between the
RG and PW publications. On the authority of _Lego System Altieselskab and Anor
v Lego M. Lemelstrich Ltd_ [1983] FSR 155, I accept and admit as evidence, the
market research findings of Coops as being a properly conducted survey of
public opinion.

Damage

82 It is a settled principle that where the parties are in direct competition
with one another, the Court will readily infer the likelihood of damage to the
plaintiff’s goodwill, not merely through the loss of sales, but also through
the loss of the exclusive use of his get-up. This principle had been accepted
in the Court of Appeal decisions of Tong Guan at [31] and _CDL Hotels_ (where
the Court of Appeal endorsed at [83] the Trial Judge’s reasoning). The parties
in the present case are in direct competition with one another. As such, there
is an inference of likelihood of damage caused to the plaintiff’s goodwill.
The burden is on the defendant to adduce evidence to convince the Court
otherwise. Without evidence to the contrary, the inference remains unrebutted.

83 Besides the witnesses identified in [37], the plaintiff had another witness
in Wang Twee Ham (“Wang”) who has been a race presenter with the Singapore
Turf Club since 2005. Wang was an assistant editor in the Chinese editorial
team of the RG publications when he was working with Times Publishing House
between 1989 and 1999. Between 2005 and December 2007, Wang worked for Racing
Guide Publications Pte Ltd, the original publisher of the RG. He testified
that he started seeing Levar in the office of Racing Guide Publications Pte
Ltd in or about November 2006. Wang’s suspicions that Levar intended to buy
over the publication came true when the company made an announcement in due
course that Levar had been appointed the managing-director.

84 Wang testified that after Levar came on board, the defendant made many
changes (between March and December 2007) to its publication of the Race Cards
which were almost identical to the features found in PW.

85 I would add that the testimony of the plaintiff’s five witnesses was not
challenged as to cast any doubts on their credibility.

86 As for the defendant’s only witness Levar, he was combative and,
notwithstanding the blatant copying by the RG of many of the features of the
PW (in which he undoubtedly played a key role being an ex-employee of the
plaintiff), he insisted (unreasonably I would add) that the plaintiff’s claims
were groundless and the defendant counterclaimed against the plaintiff on that
basis. In his AEIC (at para 18) Levar had deposed as follows:

Most (if not all) customers are creatures of habit. Once they purchase a
particular publication for a particular race meet, they will continue to buy
the same publication for subsequent races.

87 I view Levar’s above comment with considerable scepticism. The RG
publications had deliberately copied over time, many of the features found in
the PW publications. The motive was undoubtedly to confuse race goers
especially those who were less educated or who were late and/or were in a
hurry to get into the grounds of the race track. The unsuspecting punter would
buy a racing guide thinking (based on his imperfect recollection of its colour
and get-up) that he was getting the plaintiff’s publication only to find upon
a closer examination (when it was too late) that it was actually the
defendant’s RG publication. In this regard, it is apposite to refer to the
observations made by the High Court in _Saga Foodstuffs Manufacturing (Pte)
Ltd v. Best Food Pte Ltd_ [1994] 3 SLR(R) 1013. The decision involved a common
law action in passing off; and in determining whether the similar labels on
the packaging of two products were likely to cause confusion, the Court
rightly cautioned against adopting a narrow approach (at [31]):

...one must not consider the question by placing the two labels side by side.
One must allow for _imperfect recollection_ and for the fact that marks are
remembered by their _general impression_ and _not by a detailed comparison_ of
the differences and similarities. Although a listing of the differences and
the similarities is a good starting point for purposes of discussion, in the
end one has to place oneself in the position of a customer in a real marketing
situation.

[emphasis added]

Indeed, consumers would not examine the get-up of PW and compare it with the
overall impression created by RG in such exact detail as this Court would.

Conclusion

88 In the light of the evidence adduced, I find that the plaintiff has
succeeded in its claims for copyright infringement and passing off. Its claims
for reliefs included an injunction for protection of its copyright. I am
satisfied that the continued infringement of the plaintiff’s copyright would
cause substantial detriment to its goodwill that cannot be sufficiently
remedied with an order of damages. As such, I exercise my discretion under s
119(2)(a) of the Copyright Act to grant an injunction to restrain the
defendant, whether acting by itself or its servants and/or agents, from
infringing the plaintiff’s copyright in its publications of PW.

89 Consequently, there will be interlocutory judgment with costs to the
plaintiff on its claim for infringement and passing off. Damages resulting
from the defendant’s passing off and/or infringement of the plaintiff’s
copyright or resulting in the plaintiff’s loss of profits thereby will be
assessed by the Registrar with the costs of such assessment reserved to the
Registrar.

90 The defendant’s counterclaim being completely unmeritorious is dismissed
with costs which, as with the costs of the plaintiff’s claim, shall be taxed
on a standard basis unless otherwise agreed.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 30 Jul 2010 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

