Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Zim Integrated Shipping Services Ltd and others _v_ Dafni Igal and others  
[2010] SGCA 45

Case Number| :| Civil Appeal No 15 of 2010  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 02 December 2010  
Tribunal/Court| :| Court of Appeal  
Coram| :|  Chao Hick Tin JA; Andrew Phang Boon Leong JA; V K Rajah JA  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Philip Jeyaretnam SC, Terence Tan, Goh Sue Lyn (Rodyk &
Davidson LLP) and Goh Aik Leng Mark (Mark Goh & Co) for the appellants; Benny
Jude Philomen, K Muraitherapany and Pey Yin Jie (Joseph Tan Jude Benny LLP)
for the first respondent; Lee Hwee Khiam Anthony, Thng Tze Ern Audrey and Chua
Marina (Bih Li & Lee) for the second to sixth respondents.  
Parties| :|  Zim Integrated Shipping Services Ltd and others — Dafni Igal and
others  
  
[LawNet Editorial Note: The decision from which this appeal arose is reported
at [2010] 2 SLR 426.]

2 December 2010| Judgment reserved.  
---|---  
  
Andrew Phang Boon Leong JA (delivering the judgment of the court):

Introduction

1 This is an appeal against the decision rendered in Suit 755 of 2007 wherein
the appellants brought several claims centring on, _inter alia_ , alleged
fiduciary breaches by the respondents (collectively referred to as “the
Respondents”). The trial judge (“the Judge”) found that the appellants had not
proved their claims and their claims were accordingly dismissed (see _Zim
Integrated Shipping Services Ltd and others v Dafni Igal and others_ [2010] 2
SLR 426). On appeal, the appellants limited their challenge to two findings
made by the Judge - the failure of the Fourth Respondent to account for rebate
monies it received as the appellants’ agent (“the Rebates issue”), and the
First Respondent’s employment with the Sixth Respondent while he was a
director of the Second Appellant (“the Conflict issue”). It should be noted
that the appeal is limited to the Fourth Respondent and the First Respondent
with respect to the Rebates issue and the Conflict issue, respectively (with
the Rebates issue being pursued by the First and Second Appellants (hereafter
referred to as “the Appellants”) and the Conflict issue being pursued by the
Second Appellant).[note: 1] After carefully considering the submissions made,
we find that the Appellants have made out their case on the Rebates issue and
we accordingly allow this appeal in part.

The parties and the background

2 The First Appellant is Zim Integrated Shipping Services Ltd. It is a company
incorporated in Israel and is in the container shipping business with
operations that extend globally. These operations are facilitated by a network
of shipping agents and every party in this appeal was connected in one way or
another to the First Appellant’s network. The Second Appellant, Gold Star Line
Ltd, is a company incorporated in Hong Kong and is the First Appellant’s
dedicated feeder company. The Third Appellant, Seth Shipping Ltd, is a company
incorporated in the Republic of Mauritius and is the First Appellant’s nominee
in South East Asia. The Second and Third Appellants are owned (ultimately) by
the First Appellant. The Fourth Appellant, Star Shipping Agencies (Singapore)
Pte Limited, is a company incorporated in Singapore and is a joint venture
between the First Appellant and some other partners. It acts as the First
Appellant’s exclusive shipping agent in Singapore.

3 The Respondents were all connected to the First Appellant’s operations in
Port Klang, Malaysia. The First Respondent, Dafni Igal, was an employee and
director of several of the appellants at various times. The Fourth Respondent,
Starship Agencies Sdn Bhd, is a company incorporated in Malaysia that carries
on the business of a shipping agent. The Fifth Respondent, Starship Carriers
Pte Ltd, is a company incorporated in Singapore that carries on business as a
shipping line providing ship management services. The Sixth Respondent,
Charter Shipping Agencies (S) Pte Ltd, is a company incorporated in Singapore
that carries on business as a shipping agency (freight) that provides ship-
management services. The Second and Third Respondents (Ng Koo Kay Benedict and
Rajathurai Suppiah, respectively) are directors and/or shareholders in the
Fourth, Fifth and Sixth Respondents.

4 The relationship between the appellants and Respondents formed the context
of the disputes. The First Appellant operated globally through the use of an
extensive network of agents, and its operations in Malaysia were facilitated
by multiple agency agreements between various appellants and Respondents. In
1995, the Fourth Respondent was incorporated after the Second Respondent had
secured the rights to act as the First Appellant’s shipping agent in Malaysia.
In 1997, the Fourth Respondent further entered into an agreement with the
Fourth Appellant to act as its sub-agent for all shipping services of Seth
Shipping Corporation (which is _not_ the Third Appellant). This agreement was
formalised under a Standard Agency Agreement dated 1 September 1997 and
executed on 19 February 1998. Sometime in 1998, the Fourth Respondent entered
into an agreement with the Second Appellant wherein the former was appointed
as the latter’s shipping agent in Malaysia.

5 The First Respondent is the central figure in this appeal. He had served in
the First Appellant’s employ and network since 1966. He began his career as a
seaman in 1966, and, in time, served in various leadership positions within
the First Appellant’s network. Between 30 November 1995 and 1 December 2004,
he was the Managing Director of the Second Appellant (he continued being an
ordinary director until 13 July 2006). Between 1 December 2004 and mid-
November 2006, he was the President of the First Appellant for the Asian
Region. Lastly, between 4 January 2005 and 30 June 2006, he was the Director
of the Fourth Appellant. At all material times, the First Respondent was
employed under an employment contract with the First Appellant dated 24 May
2000 (the “Employment Agreement”). The First Respondent resigned from the
First Appellant on 16 May 2006 as a result of differences with the management,
and was subsequently placed on garden leave until November 2006. Thereafter,
the First Respondent joined Cheng Lie Navigation Co (“Cheng Lie”), which is a
competitor of the Appellants. By the time the case was heard in the High
Court, the First Respondent had also left the employ of Cheng Lie.

6 The broad nature of the appellants’ claim below centred (as noted at the
outset of this judgment) on the alleged breaches of fiduciary duties as well
as contractual obligations owed to them by the Respondents. The allegations
can be grouped into four categories, _viz_ , (a) breaches of fiduciary duties
owed by the First Respondent, (b) breaches of fiduciary duties owed by the
Fourth Respondent, (c) allegations against the Second to Sixth Respondents for
inducing the First Respondent’s breaches of fiduciary duties and (d) a passing
off claim against the Fifth Respondent. In so far as the contractual claims
that were connected to the First Respondent’s Employment Agreement with the
First Appellant are concerned, they were stayed in favour of arbitration
pursuant to the decision in Summons No 537 of 2008. At the conclusion of the
trial, the Judge found that the appellants failed to prove their claims and
their claims were dismissed.

The issues

Rebates issue

7 In April 1999, the Second Appellant started a service between various ports
in South East Asia _via_ Port Klang, Malaysia, to Colombo, Sri Lanka.
Westports Malaysia Sdn Bhd (“Westports”), who was the operator of Port Klang
at that time, charged the Second Appellant several tariffs for the use of the
port. One of these tariffs (that is an issue in this appeal) was a tariff paid
for all outbound containers exported from the port. It was alleged that the
Fourth Respondent had negotiated an agreement with Westports for certain
waivers and rebates to be made in favour of the Fourth Respondent. One of
these alleged rebates was a yearly incentive rebate of 5% on part tariffs paid
by the First, Second and Third Appellants for all outbound containers exported
from the port from 2000 to the first half of 2005 (“the Rebates”). It is the
Appellants’ case that these Rebates were received by the Fourth Respondent but
were not subsequently accounted for to the Appellants.

8 The Judge held that the appellants had failed to meet their burden in
proving that the monies received by the Fourth Respondent _were the Rebates_
as the appellants claimed, and this was regardless of the evidence adduced by
the Second Respondent. The Second Respondent did not deny that the Fourth
Respondent had received cheque payments from Westports between 2000 and 2006,
and he even went so far as to accept that the amounts received corresponded,
in fact, to the RM1,477,474 (“the monies” that constituted the amount of the
Rebates) the appellants had claimed (in their pleadings) that the Fourth
Respondent had received. The Second Respondent submitted, however, that these
payments were gratuitous incentive payments given to the Fourth Respondent for
its support and patronage and that it had not solicited such payments from
Westports. As the Fourth Respondent did not think that the monies were meant
for the appellants, the amounts were not paid over to them. The Judge found
that the only evidence adduced by the appellants came from the exhibits in Lee
Mun Tat’s (“Lee”) affidavit of evidence-in-chief (“AEIC”) (Lee was a manager
of Westports). Enclosed in that particular AEIC were copies of payment
vouchers as well as tables purportedly showing the volume of FCL (Full
Container Load) containers within the specified time period that were either
signed for by one Ms Chan or one Datuk Tan, or were unsigned. Additionally,
there were also photocopies of cheques that were made out to the Fourth
Respondent.

9 The Judge held, however, that these documents were inadmissible. Lee
admitted that he only became involved in the rebate calculation process from
mid-2004 onwards and did not have personal knowledge about these Rebates,
given their highly confidential nature. Documents therefore prepared _before
June 2004_ were inadmissible. As for the remaining documents, the Judge also
held that they were inadmissible, albeit on the basis that these documents
were not prepared in the ordinary course of business since, for the same
reason above, such rebates were highly confidential in nature. Further, the
Judge held that Ms Chan and Datuk Tan were both still involved in Westports’
business at the time of trial, and that it was not the case that it was
impossible to procure them to attend court without unreasonable delay and
expense. Finally, these documents were prepared by Westports internally and
had not been provided to the Fourth Respondent for its verification.

10 On appeal, the Appellants sought to overturn this finding of fact, arguing
that the Judge had failed to consider the totality of the evidence. Counsel
for the Appellants did not significantly challenge the Judge’s finding on the
inadmissibility of the documents contained in Lee’s AEIC and submitted,
instead, that there was sufficient admissible evidence in the record to
justify the Appellants’ case. We agree.

11 First, there is a strong inference that the Fourth Respondent received
monies in the course of their agency with the Appellants. As already noted
above (at [4]), the Fourth Respondent was incorporated in 1995, _after_ the
Second Respondent had secured the rights to act as the First Appellant’s
shipping agent in Malaysia. The Fourth Respondent also had an agreement with
the Second Appellant which was entered into sometime in 1998 wherein the
former was appointed as the latter’s shipping agent in Malaysia. The monies
were received during the period of 2000 to 2006, and it could not be disputed
that the Fourth Respondent was indeed acting as the Appellants’ agent at the
time of receipt of the monies. Importantly, when the Fourth Respondent lost
its agency with the Appellants in 2006, the payment of monies from Westports
ceased. Given the preceding factual matrix, the natural inference to be made
was that the monies which the Fourth Respondent received were inextricably
linked to the Appellants’ business and that there was, in our view, a strong
inference that these monies _were the Rebates_ as claimed. We are therefore of
the view that the Appellants had discharged their evidential burden of proving
that these monies were received in connection with the Fourth Respondent’s
role as the Appellants’ agent.

12 In our view, although the Appellants bore the _legal_ burden throughout of
proving that the monies were received in connection with the Fourth
Respondent’s role as the Appellants’ agent (and, hence, establishing their
legal entitlement to the Rebates), they had (as noted in the preceding
paragraph) in fact discharged the (initial) _evidential_ burden that this was
the case. The _evidential_ burden then _shifted_ , at this point, to the
_Fourth Respondent_ to demonstrate that the monies had _not_ been received in
that capacity (see also, in relation to the distinction between the legal
burden and the evidential burden, the decision of this court in _Loo Chay Sit
v Estate of Loo Chay Loo, deceased_ [2010] 1 SLR 286 (at [14])). Indeed, one
might go _further_ in the context of the present appeal. In particular, in,
for example, the English decision of _Dunne v English_ (1874) LR 18 Eq 524 (“
_Dunne_ ”), Sir G Jessel MR observed thus (at 533):

It is not enough for an agent to tell the principal that he is going to have
an interest in the purchase, or to have a part in the purchase. He must tell
him all the material facts. He must make a full disclosure.

Indeed, the principle enunciated in _Dunne_ was endorsed and applied by this
court in _Ng Eng Ghee and others v Mamata Kapildev Dave and others (Horizon
Partners Pte Ltd, intervener) and another appeal_ [2009] 3 SLR(R) 109 in the
more general context of _the duty of full disclosure_ , and where V K Rajah
JA, delivering the judgment of the court, observed as follows (at [148]):

In an adversarial trial, the burden of proving full disclosure lies on the
fiduciary (_Dunne v English_ (1874) LR 18 Eq 524). Mere disclosure that he has
an interest or the informal making of statements that might put a principal on
enquiry is not sufficient. It is also not enough to prove that had the
fiduciary asked for permission, it would have been given (_Murad v Al-Saraj_
[2005] EWCA Civ 959).

In our view, the principles set out above would apply in the context of the
present appeal inasmuch as it having been proven that payments had been made
by a third party (Westports) to the agent (here, the Fourth Respondent), the
agent has the burden of explaining as well as justifying its receipt and
retention of the payment concerned. More importantly, perhaps, it could be
argued that the burden thus placed on the fiduciary (in this appeal, the
Fourth Respondent) is not merely an evidential one but a _legal_ one. The
Fourth Respondent had the burden of proving that full disclosure was made to
the Appellants, and that their consent was subsequently given.

13 Be that as it may, it is clear, in our view, that the Fourth Respondent has
satisfied neither the evidential burden nor the legal burden placed upon it.
Turning to the relevant facts, the Second Respondent submitted that the
Appellants were not entitled to the monies it received from Westports on the
basis that these monies were gratuitous incentive payments that had their
source in the various pieces of business it (the Fourth Respondent) had
brought to Westports. The Second Respondent also asserted that they
represented a few other principals in Westports and impliedly asserted that
the monies could have been attributable to the business of these principals.
However, when asked about these other principals during oral submissions and
whether they were identified in the Record of Appeal, counsel for the
Respondents admitted that they were not. Similarly, the Second Respondent was
also unable to point to any documentary evidence to suggest that these monies
arose out of business other than that of the Appellants.

14 In the circumstances, we are satisfied that the Fourth Respondent was
obliged to account to the Appellants the sum of RM1,477,474 that it received
in the capacity of the Appellants’ agent. We therefore allow the appeal on
this particular issue.

Conflict issue

15 It was pleaded that the First Respondent had breached his fiduciary duty
when he worked for, and received remuneration from, the Sixth Respondent.
While being a director of the Second Appellant, and during the period of
January 2003 to November 2006, the First Respondent was employed as either a
consultant (as claimed by the First Respondent) or was appointed as an
executive director (as claimed by the Second Appellant). Documentary evidence
showed that the First Respondent was hired by the Sixth Respondent at a
monthly salary of $15,000. This salary was declared in the First Respondent’s
application for Singapore permanent residency (and later citizenship), in
returns to the Inland Revenue Authority of Singapore, and for the purposes of
Central Provident Fund (“CPF”) contributions. While the First Respondent did
not dispute that he had received income tax payments and CPF contributions
from the Sixth Respondent, he claimed that he had waived the payment of his
$15,000 monthly salary. The Second Appellant argued that the First Respondent
was a director of the Second Appellant during that material time and the
employment with the Sixth Respondent thus amounted to a breach of fiduciary
duties owed to the Second Appellant. On this basis, the Second Appellant
claimed against the First Respondent for all monies received by him in the
course of his employment with the Sixth Respondent.

16 In the court below, the First Respondent explained that his employment with
the Sixth Respondent was primarily to facilitate his application for Singapore
permanent residency and citizenship. In the process, he assisted the Sixth
Respondent in its business of project cargo and oversized conventional break
bulk cargo. The First Respondent stated that the Sixth Respondent’s business
was something in which the Second Appellant was not - and did not intend - to
be involved in, and thus did not amount to a conflict of interests. The First
Respondent also explained that the Singapore passport was of importance to him
given his frequent travels to certain countries. Prior to being so “employed”
by the Sixth Respondent, the First Respondent claimed that he impressed upon
the management of the First Appellant (which had control over the Second
Appellant) his desire for Singapore citizenship when the Second Appellant had
plans to move and list in Singapore (which did not materialise owing to the
2002 economic downturn). In any event, the First Respondent claimed that Mr
Strammer, the First Appellant’s vice-president who is now deceased, had orally
approved the First Respondent’s employment with the Sixth Respondent. There
were, allegedly, two conditions attached to this approval - that he would not
receive any cash benefit (thus the waiver of the $15,000 monthly salary) and
that he would not engage in any activity that was in competition with the
business of the Appellants. In response, the Second Appellant disputed the
existence or validity of Mr Strammer’s approval, the waiver of the $15,000
monthly salary, and further averred that the First Respondent’s application
for citizenship could have been facilitated by the Fourth Appellant instead.

17 The Judge held that the First Respondent did not breach his fiduciary
duties owed to the Second Appellant. First, the Judge found that the First
Respondent did, in fact, inform Mr Strammer of his proposed employment with
the Sixth Respondent in order to facilitate his citizenship application and
obtained his approval for the same. The Judge noted that David Malkoff, a
witness for the appellants, had corroborated the fact that the FirstRespondent
did in fact voice his desires in obtaining Singapore citizenship. Further, the
Judge accepted the First Respondent’s explanation that he could not utilise
the Fourth Appellant, given the fact that the Fourth Appellant was partly
owned by parties with political or military links. Secondly, the Judge found
the First Respondent’s account to the effect that he had waived his monthly
$15,000 salary was corroborated by the evidence of the Second Respondent.
Thirdly, the Judge found that the Sixth Respondent’s business did not compete
with those of the Appellants.

18 In our view, the Second Appellant did not adduce any sufficient basis to
overturn the trial judge’s findings. On appeal, the only significant challenge
the Second Appellant could muster was to challenge the factual finding that Mr
Strammer approved the First Respondent’s employment with the Sixth Respondent.
We see no reason to interfere with the Judge’s reasoning as well as conclusion
on this particular issue. We observe that neither party could point to any
documentary evidence on record that could positively prove their respective
positions as to whether approval was or was not given. It is thus unsurprising
that the parties resorted to questioning the plausibility of the circumstances
surrounding the need for the Sixth Respondent’s assistance and the
plausibility of such approval being granted. In our view, the cases advanced
by the Second Appellant and First Respondent were equally balanced and the
dispute could only be resolved on the Judge’s assessment of the credibility of
the witnesses concerned. The Judge had the opportunity to assess the First
Respondent on the stand and she was of the view that his explanation was
credible and, to some limited extent, corroborated by the evidence of others.
We thus defer to her finding of fact and accordingly dismiss the appeal in so
far as this particular issue is concerned.

Conclusion

19 For the reasons set out above, we allow the appeal in part. We will hear
the parties on the issue of costs. The usual consequential orders will apply.

* * *

[note: 1]See the Appellants’ Case (Amendment No 1) at para 29.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 02 Dec 2010 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

