Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Valentino Globe BV _v_ Pacific Rim Industries Inc  
[2010] SGCA 14

Case Number| :| Civil Appeal No 46 of 2009  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 26 March 2010  
Tribunal/Court| :| Court of Appeal  
Coram| :|  Chao Hick Tin JA; Andrew Phang Boon Leong JA; V K Rajah JA  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Ponnampalam Sivakumar (Joseph Lopez & Co) for the
appellant; Samuel Seow and Kelvin Lee (Samuel Seow Law Corporation) for the
respondent.  
Parties| :|  Valentino Globe BV — Pacific Rim Industries Inc  
  
[LawNet Editorial Note: The decision from which this appeal arose is reported
at [2009] 4 SLR(R) 577.]

26 March 2010|  
---|---  
  
Chao Hick Tin JA (delivering the grounds of decision of the court):

Introduction

1 This was an appeal by Valentino Globe BV (“the Appellant”) against the
decision of the High Court judge (“the Judge”) in _Valentino Globe BV v
Pacific Rim Industries Inc_ [2009] 4 SLR(R) 577 (“the GD”) where the Judge
rejected the Appellant’s opposition to Pacific Rim Industries Inc’s (“the
Respondent”) application for the registration of the latter’s mark known as
the “Emilio Valentino & V Device” (“the Application Mark”).

Factual background

2 On 18 December 2003, the Respondent of 5359 Valley Blvd, Los Angeles
California 90032, United States of America, filed the Application Mark for
registration in respect of “Leather goods; all included in Class 18 [of the
Nice Classification, _ie_ , the International Classification of Goods and
Services under the Nice Agreement]”. The registration application was accepted
and advertised on 25 June 2004 in the Trade Marks Journal. On 25 August 2004,
a notice of opposition was filed by the Appellant, who owned trade mark
registration rights in Singapore for an array of “Valentino” trade marks
bearing multifarious designs. Collectively, these “Valentino” trade marks
shall hereinafter be referred to as “the Valentino Marks”.[note: 1]

3 The Appellant pursued its objection to the Application Mark before the
Principal Assistant Registrar (“PAR”) of the Registry of Trade Marks, relying
on various grounds of opposition including, _inter alia_ , ss 7(6) and 8(2) of
the Trade Marks Act (“TMA”) (Cap 332, 1999 Rev Ed) (“TMA 1999”). At this
juncture, we should explain that although the TMA 1999 was amended in 2004 by
Act No 20 of 2004 (“the 2004 Amendment Act”), ss 7(6) and 8(2) of the TMA 1999
were in no way affected by the 2004 Amendment Act. In July 2005, a new revised
edition of the TMA, incorporating all the amendments made thereto, was
published (“TMA 2005”). What were ss 7(6) and 8(2) of the TMA 1999 are now the
same provisions in the TMA 2005, which is the current edition of the Act in
force here. For ease of reference, these two provisions will be referred to
hereinafter simply as “s 7(6)” and “s 8(2)” respectively.

4 Having failed before the PAR on all the grounds of its opposition, the
Appellant appealed to the High Court but proceeded _only_ under ss 7(6) and
8(2). The High Court upheld the decision of the PAR, for largely the same
reasons. Before this court, the Appellant again relied _only_ on ss 7(6) and
8(2). The Appellant’s arguments were essentially as follows:

(a) Pursuant to s 8(2), the registration of the Application Mark should not be
allowed because there existed a likelihood of confusion on the part of the
public as the Application Mark was similar to the Appellant’s Valentino Marks
and was to be registered for similar or identical goods (“the _Confusingly
Similar_ Issue”).

(b) Pursuant to s 7(6), the registration of the Application Mark should not be
allowed because of the Respondent’s bad faith (“the _Bad Faith_ Issue”).

The findings of the Judge

The Confusingly Similar Issue

5 In so far as the Confusingly Similar Issue was concerned, while the PAR
found that among all the Valentino Marks, only T99/04403D and T00/21726H (“the
Relevant Marks”) could be said to be similar to the Application Mark[note: 2],
she eventually found, having carefully examined the marks, that the Relevant
Marks were aurally and conceptually dissimilar to the Application Mark.[note:
3] The Judge agreed with the findings of the PAR.

6 The first argument raised by the Appellant was that the array of Valentino
Marks evinced a “monopoly claimed [_sic_] to the device mark [of the word mark
Valentino on its own] as well as the composite mark consisting of both the
word Valentino and the V device” (the GD at [25]). In response, the Judge
remarked that the Appellant could not and did _not_ have a monopoly of the
word “Valentino” and noted that if it did, “the many marks which contain the
word “Valentino” would never have been registered to begin with” (the GD at
[26]).

7 The Appellant also argued that the “Application Mark, which reads “Emilio
Valentino”, would result in a misimpression that it was another mark in the
Valentino Mark series, thereby resulting in public confusion” (the GD at
[25]). In this regard, the Judge held that (and this is an important point)
(the GD at [26]):

[V]iewing the Application Mark and the Appellant’s Relevant Marks
holistically, I find that there is indeed little similarity, be it visually,
aurally or conceptually. Even though the common denominator between the
Application Mark and the Appellant’s trade marks is the word “Valentino”, the
Application Mark consists of several other distinguishing features as the PAR
had pointed out. Accordingly, I am of the view that the use of the Application
Mark would not result in a likelihood of confusion. The most outstanding
difference between the Application Mark and the Relevant Marks is, to my mind,
the name “Emilio” in the former. That the name “Emilio” precedes “Valentino”
is a very glaring difference between the marks because in the aural sense
especially, they are very distinct from one another. One would hear the name
“Emilio” before “Valentino” when pronouncing the Application Mark and reading-
wise, one would very likely read the name “Emilio” first too. The Application
Mark must be viewed in its entirety. Simply because it incorporates the word
“Valentino” does not mean that it is so visually and aurally similar as to be
confused with the Appellant’s Relevant Marks.

8 We would, at this juncture, note that in so far as the argument based on s
8(2) was concerned, the Appellant was (in its appeal to this court) relying
only on the following two Valentino Marks: T89/07704E (registered under Class
25 of the Nice Classification) and T89/07703G (registered under Class 25 of
the Nice Classification) (collectively, “the Appeal Marks”), instead of the
Relevant Marks (see [5] above), to aver that the registration of the
Application Mark would cause confusion[note: 4]. In relation to T89/07704E
(with its counterpart being registered as T89/07702I under Class 18 of the
Nice Classification), the Judge was of the view that this particular Valentino
Mark which contained the words “valentino garavani” was dissimilar to the
Application Mark. This was his reasoning at [28]:

Simply because the word “valentino” is embedded within the marks does not make
“Emilio Valentino” and “valentino garavani” similar to each other. Juxtaposing
the “valentino garavani” trademark against the Application Mark, I am hard
pressed to find any similarity save for the common constituent word
“valentino”, but even that similarity is far from compelling as the
Application Mark uses the capital letter “V” in spelling “Valentino” whereas
the Appellant’s mark uses the lowercase letter “v”. Further, “valentino” in
the Appellant’s “valentino garavani” trademark precedes the word “garavani”
whereas in the Application Mark, “Valentino” only comes after the word
“Emilio”. Visually and aurally, the marks are thus more distinct than similar.

9 Turning to the second Valentino Mark (_ie_ , T89/07703G) which the Appellant
relied upon for the purposes of this appeal, the Judge also rejected the
contention that T89/07703G was similar to the Application Mark. He described
the differences between these two marks at [29] of his GD as follows:

With regard to T89/07703G, the word “valentino” is above the ‘V’ endless belt
device … . The positioning of the word “Valentino” in relation to the device
is thus unlike that in the Application Mark which has the words “Emilio
Valentino” below, not above the stylized “V”.

The Bad Faith Issue

10 As regards the Bad Faith Issue, both the Judge and the PAR were of the view
that “[s]ince it was the Appellant which had alleged bad faith on the part of
the Respondent, … the burden rests upon the Appellant to prove such bad faith”
(the GD at [20]). The specific instances of bad faith alleged by the Appellant
were: (a) the Respondent’s hijacking of its Valentino Marks; (b) the
Respondent’s lack of proprietorship with regard to the Application Mark; and
(c) the Respondent’s copying of the Application Mark from a gentleman in Italy
who shared an identical mark with the Respondent (see the GD at [20]). After a
detailed and careful examination of the evidence before him, the Judge
dismissed all the allegations.

The issues in this appeal

11 As would be apparent from what was stated above (particularly at [4]),
there were, in essence, two issues in this appeal. First, the Appellant
submitted that the Respondent’s application to register the Application Mark
was made in bad faith pursuant to s 7(6). Second, that confusion was likely to
arise in the minds of the public on account of the fact that the Application
Mark was similar in particular to the Appeal Marks and was proposed to be
registered for similar goods as those of the Appellant, contrary to s 8(2).
Accordingly, on either or both grounds, the Appellant contended that the
Application Mark should not be registered. We would also add that before us,
the Appellant’s main fire-power was concentrated on s 7(6) instead of s 8(2).
Accordingly, we will first deal with the Confusingly Similar Issue based on s
8(2), which we can dispose of briefly.

The Confusingly Similar Issue: whether there existed a likelihood of confusion
on the part of the public as the Application Mark was similar to the Appeal
Marks and was to be registered for similar or identical goods

12 Section 8(2) provides as follows:

A trade mark shall not be registered if because –

(a) it is identical with an earlier trade mark and is to be registered for
goods or services similar to those for which the earlier trade mark is
protected; or

(b) it is similar to an earlier trade mark and is to be registered for goods
or services identical with or similar to those for which the earlier trade
mark is protected,

there exists a likelihood of confusion on the part of the public.

13 For the purposes of the present case, it was para (_b_) of s 8(2) which was
applicable and not para (_a_) because it was not alleged by the Appellant that
the Application Mark was _identical_ with any of the Appellant’s Valentino
Marks. It would be seen that in order to establish a case under s 8(2)(_b_),
the following requirements must be proven:

(a) The Application Mark was similar to the Appeal Marks;

(b) The Application Mark was to be registered for goods or services identical
with or similar to those for which the Appeal Marks have been registered for;
and

(c) On account of (a) and (b), there existed a likelihood of confusion on the
part of the public.

14 As mentioned in [8] above, the Valentino Marks which the Appellant relied
upon in this appeal were the Appeal Marks, both of which were registered under
Class 25 of the Nice Classification (which covered “clothing, footwear,
headgear”). However, the Application Mark was proposed to be registered under
Class 18 of the Nice Classification, that class being in respect of “Leather
and imitations of leather, and goods made of these materials and not included
in other classes; animal skins, hides; trunks and travelling bags; umbrellas,
parasols and walking sticks; whips, harness and saddlery”. For ease of
comparison, we set out below the Application Mark and the two Appeal Marks:

![](data:image/png;base64,)

Application Mark above

![](data:image/png;base64,)

**T89/07704E (above)**

![](data:image/png;base64,)

**T89/07703G (above)**

Appeal Marks above

15 In _The Polo/Lauren Co, LP v Shop In Department Store Pte Lt_ d [2006] 2
SLR(R) 690 (“ _Polo_ ”), this court held (at [24]) that, for the purposes of
determining similarity under s 27(2) of the TMA, one must look at the mark and
the sign “as a whole”. In adopting this approach, this court in _Polo_ had
regard to the following opinion expressed by Parker J in _In the Matter of an
Application by the Pianotist Company Ld for the Registration of a Trade Mark_
(1906) 23 RPC 774 at 777:

You must take the two words. You must judge of them, both by their look and by
their sound. You must consider the goods to which they are to be applied. You
must consider the nature and kind of customer who would be likely to buy those
goods. In fact, you must consider all the surrounding circumstances; and you
must further consider what is likely to happen if each of those trade marks is
used in a normal way as a trade mark for the goods of the respective owners of
the marks.

16 While we recognised that the case of _Polo_ was concerned with the question
of confusion relating to infringement under s 27(2) of the TMA, we were unable
to see why the approach to be taken for determining confusion for purposes of
opposition to a proposed registration under s 8(2) should be any different
from that applicable to determine confusion under s 27(2). Moreover, and more
importantly, the material words of the two provisions are identical.

17 We had examined closely the three marks which were in issue here (see
depiction of the marks in [14] above). Each of the three marks consisted of a
combination of word(s) and a design. The only thing which was identical in all
the three marks was the word “valentino” but even there the font for the word
“valentino” in all the three marks was different. As regards the design on
each of the three marks, while the designs on the two Appeal Marks were
identical, they were certainly quite different from the design on the
Application Mark. The most one could say about all the three designs were that
they were based on the letter “V”. Only to this very limited extent could it
be said that there was any similarity between the design on the Application
Mark and that on the Appeal Marks. In any event, looking at the three marks as
a whole, we did not think that we could reasonably hold that the Application
Mark was similar to the two Appeal Marks. Thus, the first requirement set out
in [13] above had not been made out.

18 Turning to the second requirement set out in [13], we noted that the Appeal
Marks were registered in respect of Class 25 of the Nice Classification,
whereas the Application Mark was in respect of Class 18. Thus, the Application
Mark was not registered in respect of the same or similar goods as the Appeal
Marks. To this extent, to proceed with this appeal relying on the Appeal Marks
instead of the Relevant Marks (see [14] of the GD where the Relevant Marks
were depicted), the Appellant appeared to have adopted a weaker case.
Accordingly, the second requirement was also not satisfied.

19 In the light of our observations in the last two paragraphs, we did not
think there would be any likelihood of confusion on the part of the public if
the Application Mark were to be registered. In this regard, the fact that the
goods sold under the Appellant’s brand were up-market goods was not lost on
us. The section of the public which would make purchases of the Appellant’s
goods was likely to be a fairly discernible lot, and clearly not a moron in a
hurry. Accordingly, the Appellant’s ground of objection to the registration of
the Application Mark based on s 8(2) failed.

The Bad Faith Issue: whether the respondent’s application to register the
Application Mark was made in bad faith pursuant to s 7(6)

20 We turn now to examine the second ground advanced by the Appellant to
oppose the registration of the Application Mark. Section 7(6) reads as
follows:

A trade mark shall not be registered if or to the extent that the application
is made in bad faith.

Once bad faith is established, the application for registration of a mark must
be refused even though the mark would not cause any confusion: see _Rothmans
of Pall Mall Ltd v Maycolson International Ltd_ [2006] 2 SLR(R) 551 (“
_Rothmans_ ”) at [29] and Tan Tee Jim SC, _Law of Trade Marks and Passing Off
in Singapore_ (Sweet & Maxwell Asia, 2nd Ed, 2005) at para 5.71.

21 As was noted by this court in _Wing Joo Loong Ginseng Hong (Singapore) Co
Pte Ltd v Qinghai Xinyuan Foreign Trade Co Ltd and another and another appeal_
[2009] 2 SLR(R) 814 (“ _Wing Joo Loong_ ”) at [33]:

It is trite law that the legal burden of proof needed to substantiate an
action for revocation and/or invalidation of the registration of a trade mark
lies throughout on the plaintiff.

As a preliminary observation, we noted that the Appellant here was not
attempting to _invalidate_ the registration of the Application Mark pursuant
to s 7(6) read with s 23(1) of the TMA which was what the plaintiff in _Wing
Joo Loong_ did. Indeed, in the present case, the Appellant was _opposing_ the
registration of the Application Mark pursuant to s 7(6). In our view, whether
it is a case of opposition to registration under s 7(6) or a case of
invalidation under s 23 on the ground of bad faith, it seems to us that there
should not be any difference as regards the burden of proof on bad faith in
both scenarios. It is in line with common sense and logic that he who asserts
must prove although, depending on the evidence tendered, the evidential burden
could shift to the other side. The legal burden of proof required to
substantiate a ground to oppose the registration of a trade mark remains
throughout on the party making the application, and this would be the
Appellant in the present case.

22 To reiterate, s 7(6) provides that “[a] trade mark shall not be registered
if or to the extent that the application is made in bad faith”. In opposing
the registration of the Application Mark, the Appellant strenuously argued
that the Judge had failed to apply the proper test to determine the question
of bad faith and, as a consequence thereof, had failed to take into account or
failed to give the proper weight to the following relevant matters in his
consideration of the issue of bad faith:[note: 5]

(a) the failure of the Respondent to explain how the name “Emilio Valentino”
in the Application Mark had been derived;

(b) the failure of the Respondent to explain how the ““V” device” in the
Application Mark had been derived;

(c) the failure of the Respondent to explain how the name in the Application
Mark was identical to the name of a living person, Mr Emilio Valentino, who
had also filed an application for the identical mark in Italy in respect of
the same type of goods for which the Respondent was seeking registration in
Singapore;

(d) the failure of the Respondent to explain how the ““V” device” and the
positioning of the ““V” device” together with a bold line above the name in
the Application Mark was identical to the mark of Mr Emilio Valentino;

(e) why the word “Italy” was being used in close proximity with the
Application Mark in the course of trade and why the statement “Made by top-
quality Italian, these shifts are designed by European masters” was being used
in the Respondent’s advertising, when the goods bearing the Application Mark
were in fact being made in China and there was no evidence of any connection
with Italy either in the ownership, design or manufacture of the Respondent's
goods bearing the Application Mark;

(f) that the right to apply and register the Application Mark in Singapore lay
with another party, namely one Hor Soon Hong (“Hor”) trading as Impressions
(lnt’l) Import & Export (“Impressions”), the Respondent’s former contract
manufacturer and distributor, as it was the said Hor who had first used the
Application Mark in Singapore, had first applied to register the Application
Mark in Singapore (without any objection from the Respondent) and had claimed
the goodwill and reputation in the Application Mark in Singapore, which
therefore meant Hor could rightfully claim proprietorship to the Application
Mark in Singapore in precedence over the Respondent; and

(g) the failure of the court to take into account all of the circumstances in
considering whether there was bad faith, and in particular, that there had
been no evidence or finding that the Application Mark or the elements therein
were common in the marketplace in relation to goods in Class 18 of the Nice
Classification such that there could have been a coincidence in the creation
of the Application Mark and the identical mark by Mr Emilio Valentino.

As we saw it, this list of objections could in fact be distilled into three
contentions. We need only address two of the three contentions, namely the
copying and lack of proprietorship issues. The third contention, namely the
allegation that the Respondent had hijacked the Appellant’s Valentino Marks
because the Application Mark contained the same word “Valentino”, was a _non
sequitur_ and had absolutely no merit and we do not think there is any further
need to address it. This assertion would amount to saying that the Appellant
had a proprietary claim to a common name such as “Valentino”.

The applicable principles of law

23 At the outset, we noted that the Appellant had correctly accepted that it
had the onus to show whether the application to register the Application Mark
was made in bad faith.[note: 6]

24 The crucial question that remained was what was the appropriate test to
apply to determine bad faith under s 7(6). The Appellant had submitted that
the concept of “bad faith” encompassed conduct which might be morally wrong
but not legally wrong. We will now embark on a brief survey of the case law on
the issue.

25 Numerous English and local cases have addressed the concept of “bad faith”
under s 7(6). We will begin with the leading case of _Gromax Plasticulture Ltd
v Don & Low Nonwovens Ltd_ [1999] RPC 367 (“ _Gromax Plasticulture_ ”), which
dealt with the Trade Marks Act 1994 (c 26) (UK) and specifically s 3(6)
thereof (which is the English equivalent of s 7(6)). In _Gromax Plasticulture_
, Lindsay J observed at 379 that:

Plainly [bad faith] includes dishonesty and, as I would hold, [it] includes
also some dealings which fall short of the standards of acceptable commercial
behaviour observed by reasonable and experienced men in the particular area
[of trade] being examined. Parliament has wisely not attempted to explain in
detail what is or is not bad faith in this context; how far a dealing must so
fall-short in order to amount to bad faith is a matter best left to be
adjudged not by some paraphrase by the courts (which leads to the danger of
the courts then construing not the Act but the paraphrase) but by reference to
the words of the Act and upon a regard to all material surrounding
circumstances.

26 The above passage of Lindley J was referred to and accepted in the decision
by Geoffrey Hobbs QC in _Demon Ale Trade Mark_ [2000] RPC 345, where the
latter stated that (at 356):

… the expression “bad faith” has _moral_ overtones which appear to make it
possible for an application for registration to be rendered invalid under
section 3(6) by behaviour which otherwise _involves no breach of any duty,
obligation, prohibition or requirement that is legally binding upon the
applicant_. [emphasis added]

27 In the later case of _Harrison v Teton Valley Trading Co Ltd_ [2004] 1 WLR
2577, a decision of the English Court of Appeal, Sir William Aldous said (at
[24] and [26]):

24 Clearly the court, when considering bad faith, cannot apply a purely
subjective test, called by Lord Hutton “the Robin Hood test”. The dishonest
person or one with low standards cannot be permitted to obtain trade mark
registrations in circumstances where a person abiding by a reasonable standard
would not. The registration of a trade mark is designed to enable bona fide
proprietors to protect their proprietary rights without having to prove unfair
trading. Registration is not provided to help those with low moral standards.

…

26 For my part, I would accept the reasoning of Lord Hutton as applying to
considerations of bad faith. The words “bad faith” suggest a mental state.
Clearly when considering the question of whether an application to register is
made in bad faith all the circumstances will be relevant. However the court
must decide whether the knowledge of the applicant was such that his decision
to apply for registration would be regarded as in bad faith by persons
adopting proper standards.

The other two members of the quorum concurred with these views of Sir William
Aldous.

28 Turning to the local case law, in _Rothmans_ , our High Court endorsed
Lindsay J’s observations of the concept of bad faith in _Gromax
Plasticulture_. Further, both Lindsay J’s and Geoffrey Hobbs QC’s approaches
were again adopted by another High Court judge in _Weir Warman Ltd v Research
& Development Pty Ltd_ [2007] 2 SLR(R) 1073 (“ _Warman_ ”) where the judge
stated at [48] that:

… the term ‘bad faith’ embraces not only actual dishonesty but also dealings
which would be considered as commercially unacceptable by reasonable and
experienced persons in a particular trade, even though such dealings may
otherwise involve “no breach of any duty, obligation, prohibition or
requirement that is legally binding” upon the registrant of the trade mark …

29 In _Wing Joo Loong_ , this court observed at [105] that “[t]he _test_ for
determining the presence of bad faith, in the context of the English Trade
Marks Act, was settled by the English Court of Appeal” [emphasis in original].
It would be useful to set out in full the observations of this court at
[105]–[106] which are as follows:

105 The _test_ for determining the presence of bad faith, in the context of
the English Trade Marks Act, was settled by the English Court of Appeal in
_Harrison v Teton Valley Trading Co Ltd_ [2004] 1WLR 2577, where Sir William
Aldous, with whom Arden and Pill LJJ agreed, expressed the test as follows (at
[26]):

The words ‘bad faith’ suggest a mental state. Clearly when considering the
question of whether an application to register is made in bad faith all the
circumstances will be relevant. However the court must decide whether the
knowledge of the applicant was such that his decision to apply for
registration would be regarded as [being] in bad faith by persons adopting
proper standards.

This test, which was referred to by Sir Aldous (_id_ at [25]) as the
“combined” test of bad faith, contains both a subjective element (_viz_ , what
the particular applicant knows) and an objective element (_viz_ , what
ordinary persons adopting proper standards would think).

106 Recently, this combined test of bad faith was succinctly explained in
_Ajit Weekly Trade Mark_ [2006] RPC 25 as follows (at [35] and [41]):

35 … Bad faith is to be judged according to the combined test of dishonesty
for accessory liability [for] breach of trust set out by the majority of the
House of Lords in _Twinsectra Ltd v Yardley_ [2002] 2 A.C. 164, with _Gromax
Plasticulture_ [([103] _supra_)] … providing the appropriate standard namely,
acceptable commercial behaviour observed by reasonable and experienced persons
in the particular commercial area being examined.

…

41 … [T]he upshot of the Privy [Council’s] decision in [_Barlow Clowes
International Ltd v Eurotrust International Ltd_ [2006] 1 WLR 1476] is: (a) to
confirm the House of Lords’ test for dishonesty applied in _Twinsectra_ , i.e.
the combined test; and (b) to resolve any ambiguity in the majority of their
Lordships’ statement of that test by making it clear that an enquiry into a
defendant’s views as regards normal standards of honesty is not part of the
test. The subjective element of the test means that the tribunal must
ascertain what the defendant knew about the transaction or other matters in
question. It must then be decided whether in the light of that knowledge, the
defendant’s conduct is dishonest judged by ordinary standards of honest
people, the defendant’s own standards of honesty being irrelevant to the
objective element …

This court in _Wing Joo Loong_ then applied at [107]–[117] the combined test
of bad faith which, to reiterate, contains both a subjective element (_viz_ ,
what the particular applicant knows) and an objective element (_viz_ , what
ordinary persons adopting proper standards would think). It is therefore
apparent to us that bad faith as a concept is context-dependent. In the final
analysis, whether bad faith exists or not hinges on the specific factual
matrix of each case.

30 Furthermore, it is pertinent to note that an allegation of bad faith is a
serious claim to make and it must be sufficiently supported by the evidence
(see Nautical Concept Pte Ltd v Jeffery Mark Richard and another [2007] 1
SLR(R) 1071 at [15] which we reproduce below):

An allegation that a trade mark has been applied for in bad faith is a serious
one. In _Royal Enfield Trade Marks_ [2002] RPC 508, it was held (at [31])
that:

A plea of fraud should not be lightly made … and if made should be _distinctly
alleged and distinctly proved. It is not permissible to leave fraud to be
inferred from the facts_ (see _Davy v. Garett_ [1878] 7 Ch.D. 473 at 489). In
my judgment precisely the same considerations apply to an allegation of … bad
faith made under section 3(6) [of the UK Trade Marks Act 1994]. _It should not
be made unless it can be fully and properly pleaded and should not be upheld
unless it is distinctly proved and this will rarely be possible by a process
of inference_.

[original emphasis omitted; emphasis added]

This principle of law was alluded to and accepted by a leading local text on
Intellectual Property (Ng-Loy Wee Loon, _Law of Intellectual Property of
Singapore_ (Sweet & Maxwell Asia, Rev Ed, 2009) at para 21.4.1):

An allegation of bad faith is a serious one, and it must be fully and properly
pleaded and should not be upheld unless it is distinctly proved and this will
_rarely be possible by a process of inference_. [emphasis added]

The question, therefore, was whether this appeal was such a case where bad
faith could be proven especially by way of an _inference_. We turn now to
apply the above principles to the facts of the present appeal.

Application of the law to the facts

31 The Appellant’s case on bad faith revolved around two main contentions. The
first was that the Respondent had copied the Application Mark from the
trademark of one Mr Emilio Valentino. The second was that the proprietorship
of the Application Mark in Singapore did not belong to the Respondent.
Applying the combined test of bad faith (alluded to in [25]–[29] above), in
order for the Appellant to succeed in opposing the registration of the
Application Mark, it must show, not only that the conduct of the Respondent in
applying for the registration of the Application Mark fell short of the
normally accepted standards of commercial behaviour, but also that the
Respondent knew of facts which, to an ordinary person, would have made the
latter realise that what it was doing would be regarded as breaching those
standards.

32 On the first contention, what the Appellant had proven was that Mr Emilio
Valentino had attempted to register a trade mark (“the EV Mark”) in Italy in
2007 which was identical to the Application Mark[note: 7]. This fact was not
disputed. It was also not disputed that there was no connection between Mr
Emilio Valentino and the Respondent. Significantly, there was also no evidence
before this court that the Respondent, in deriving the Application Mark, had
copied the EV Mark. Indeed, the Respondent claimed to have used the
Application Mark from around 1995,[note: 8] well before Mr Emilio Valentino
attempted to register the EV Mark in Italy.[note: 9]

33 On these facts, the point which the Appellant attempted to make was that
since the Application Mark was identical with the EV mark, it would naturally
follow that the Respondent had copied the Application Mark from the EV Mark.
Accordingly, the Appellant argued that the burden would shift to the
Respondent to show how the Application Mark was derived and in turn to explain
how did it come about that the Application Mark was identical with the EV
Mark. In this regard, the Appellant relied on cases such as _Auvi Pte Ltd v
Seah Siew Tee and another_ [1991] 2 SLR(R) 786 (“ _Auvi Pte Ltd_ ”) and _In
the Matter of Trade Mark Application No 2011973 by Team Lotus Ventures Ltd and
In the Matter of Opposition Thereto under Opposition No 45584 by Group Lotus
Ltd_. What was vitally pertinent to note, and this was totally cast aside by
the Appellant, was that there was no evidence before the court showing that Mr
Emilio Valentino had used the EV Mark before 2007. While it might well be
_possible_ (and we put it no higher than that) that Mr Emilio Valentino had
used the EV Mark before 2007, nothing was produced before the court which
could reasonably enable the court to draw such an inference or make a definite
decision. Indeed, as the Judge aptly observed at [71] of the GD, there was no
evidence “that Mr Emilio Valentino has been using [the EV Mark] prior to the
Respondent”. It was just as possible that the EV Mark was copied by Mr Emilio
Valentino from the Application Mark of the Respondent. In these circumstances,
there was no _prima facie_ case for the Respondent to rebut. Neither had any
evidential burden shifted to the Respondent.

34 What was clear was that the facts of the present case were quite different
from those in _Application by Brown Shoe Company Inc for Rectification of the
Register in Respect of Trade Mark No B720,262_ [1959] RPC 29 which involved
two word marks, “Naturalizer” and “Naturlizet”, and where the owner of the
former mark successfully had the Register rectified by having the latter mark
removed from the Register. There, the mark “Naturalizer” was extensively
advertised by its owner in American periodicals before the application to
register the mark “Naturlizet” was made. The judge held that there was copying
on the part of the party obtaining registration for the “Naturlizet” mark.
Similarly, in _Auvi Pte Ltd_ , there was clear evidence that the logo of the
plaintiff was in existence well before the defendants’ mark. In view of the
close similarity between the logo and the mark and the other evidence
presented, the plaintiff satisfied the court that there was copying on the
part of the defendants. Accordingly, the court expunged the defendants’ mark
from the Register. Ultimately, it is our view that each case would have to be
decided in accordance with its own facts, and in particular, the evidence
tendered.

35 It was true that the EV Mark incorporated the name of Mr Emilio Valentino.
That fact could not _per se_ suggest anything and certainly could not suggest
that the Respondent had copied the Application Mark from the EV Mark. However,
although no evidential burden arose for the Respondent, the latter
nevertheless (through one Mr Ng Yeo Tiong) claimed that it was one Ms Diana
Taylor (“Ms Taylor”), the President of the Respondent, who created the
Application Mark independently.[note: 10] This assertion was certainly hearsay
and it should have been made by Ms Taylor herself. Thus, it came as no
surprise that the Appellant took issue with this assertion. This challenge was
not lost on the Judge who observed, at [68] of the GD, that:

[T]he Respondent had not called [Ms Taylor] to testify to the originality of
her design nor produced further evidence that it did not copy [the EV Mark] or
suggested that the identity between the Application Mark and [the EV Mark] is
a mere coincidence …

36 As a result, the Appellant submitted that an adverse inference should have
been drawn against the Respondent pursuant to illustration (_g_) of s 116 of
the Evidence Act (Cap 97, 1997 Rev Ed). But as we have stated above at [33],
the Appellant had failed to even make out a _prima facie_ case of bad faith
and so the burden of disproving any element of bad faith on the part of the
Respondent did not arise. No adverse inference should, in the circumstances,
be drawn against the Respondent or, more accurately, we should say that in the
light of what was before the court there was nothing for the Respondent to
rebut. We noted that the Judge at [70] of the GD remarked that the Respondent
had failed to provide any credible evidence regarding the derivation of the
Application Mark. We had no quarrel with that remark which was correct.
However, the primary burden of showing a _prima facie_ case of bad faith
rested with the Appellant. As the Appellant had failed to discharge that
burden, the omission on the part of the Respondent to show how it derived the
Application Mark was wholly immaterial.

37 Turning to the second contention regarding the proprietorship of the
Application Mark in Singapore, the Appellant’s case on this point centred on
its averment that it was Hor (the Respondent’s former distributor (see [22]
above)), and not the Respondent, who owned the goodwill and reputation in the
Application Mark. Consequently, the Respondent had no right to register the
Application Mark. We noted, at this juncture, that the Respondent conceded
that it was[note: 11]:

… the first to use the Application Mark in Singapore, _albeit through a
distributor, namely [Hor]_. [emphasis added]

38 In this regard, it is useful to refer to the court’s illuminating remarks
in _Warman_ at [49]:

In the present case, it is common ground that the key issue in the
determination of bad faith pivots around the fulcrum of proprietorship of the
“Warman” mark in Singapore. It appears to me to be an incontrovertible
proposition that if a registrant of a trade mark has proprietorship of that
trade mark, or at the very least, the _right to register_ that trade mark,
then such registration of the trade mark should fall well within the standards
of acceptable commercial behaviour observed by reasonable and experienced
persons in the particular trade. Conversely, where it can be shown that the
applicant knew of an _exclusive_ proprietary right of _another_ in relation to
the trade mark it seeks to furtively register, then any such registration
would, almost invariably, quite clearly fall short of the relevant standards.
As such, it is important to first examine and determine the issue of
proprietorship. [emphasis in original]

39 To substantiate its allegation that the Respondent had no right to register
the Application Mark, the Appellant relied solely on an affidavit filed by Hor
in Criminal Motion No 6 of 2004 in the High Court to set aside two search
warrants issued at the instance of the Appellant. It is necessary that we now
set out the background as to how Hor, and his sole proprietorship,
Impressions, became involved in the use of the Application Mark in Singapore.

40 By way of a “Letter of Authorization”[note: 12] which took effect from 1
June 1997, the Respondent authorised one Jack Lee (“Jack”) of Geveni
International Co Ltd (“Geveni”) of Taiwan to be its exclusive agent in the
Asian markets for a duration of 10 years from 1 June 1997 to 31 May 2007.
Pursuant to that Letter of Authorization, Geveni was given “the full right to
use Emilio Valentino’s original logo, trademark and ability of production
supervision in the area of People of Republic of China, Taiwan, Japan, Korea,
Philippine [_sic_], Vietnam, Malasia [_sic_], Thiland [_sic_], Indonesia and
Singapore.”[note: 13]

41 Jack, in turn, approached Hor with a view to roping Hor into the business
of manufacturing the Emilio Valentino range of apparel. To that end, a
“Certificate of Authorization”[note: 14] stated that Genevi, which was the
“exclusive agent for Emilio Valentino of Italy in all of the Asia with legal
representation of English and Chinese logos”, granted the right to Impressions
“[t]o be the legal representation and _distribution_ and _manufacturing_ agent
[in] the above mentioned areas”[note: 15] [emphasis added]. This Certificate
of Authorization specifically stated that “[t]erritories”[note: 16] comprised
of Singapore, Malaysia and Indonesia. The Certificate of Authorization took
effect from 1 February 2002 to 31 May 2007.

42 Hor was the sole proprietor of Impressions which was registered in 2001 and
was engaged in the clothing business. It was common ground that Hor was the
Respondent’s distributor in Singapore since 2002\. It was also the
Respondent’s evidence that it had used the Application Mark since 1995.[note:
17]

43 In Hor’s affidavit, he claimed that he had obtained the right to distribute
and manufacture Emilio Valentino products from Geveni. This affidavit was
filed by Hor after a complaint was made by the Appellant’s representative in
Singapore that Impressions had committed offences under s 49 of the TMA.
Hence, the Respondent argued (rightly in our view) that:[note: 18]

… Hor’s claim of ownership of the goodwill and reputation of the Application
Mark in Singapore was made in the context of a distribution and manufacturing
agreement and in the context of denying that he had employed a false trade
description.

The sole purpose of Hor’s affidavit was to defend the allegations that he had,
_inter alia_ , employed a false trade description. In any event, Hor’s claim
of ownership of the goodwill and reputation of the Application Mark in
Singapore was made in the context of the Certificate of Authorization which,
as noted above, provided that Impressions had the right to manufacture and
distribute the Respondent’s goods bearing the Application Mark.

44 In the light of the foregoing arrangements between the respondent and
Genevi and in turn between Genevi and Hor, we noted that while Hor was the
first person to seek to register in Singapore a mark which was identical with
the Application Mark on 3 June 2003, it did not, however, thereby follow that
the Respondent’s registration of the Application Mark was done in bad faith.
Indeed, the Respondent, in any event, had at least the _right to register_ the
Application Mark (see _Warman_ at [49], quoted at [38] above). We would
further add that Hor eventually abandoned his application to register the
mark.

45 We now turn to address the Appellant’s assertion that there was _no_ trade
mark licensor-licensee relationship between the Respondent and Hor. It was our
view that this assertion was a bare assertion which was contrary to
documentary evidence. As noted by the High Court in _Warman_ at [63], “[o]ne
instance of a right to sell under a trade mark being divorced from a right to
protect that mark by way of trade mark registration is in the case of a trade
mark licensee.” Further, the High Court there observed at [64]–[68] that:

64 The test for the validity of a trade mark licence was set out in
_Rainforest Coffee Products Pte Ltd v Rainforest Cafe, Inc_ [2000] 1 SLR(R)
725 where Lai Kew Chai J (at [33]), in delivering the judgment of the Court of
Appeal, endorsed the English decision in _BOSTITCH Trade Mark_ [1963] RPC 183
at 567:

The key to the validity of a trade mark licence was whether or not the licence
arrangement had destroyed the trade connection between the proprietor of the
trade mark and the goods …

Therefore, for there to be a valid trade mark licence between parties, there
must be a trade connection between the purported proprietor of the trade mark
(allegedly the plaintiff, in this case) and the goods ultimately sold under
the mark by the licensee (the defendant’s goods, in this case).

65 In the commentary of the TMA by Mr M Ravindran in _Butterworths’ Singapore
Statutes_ – _Intellectual Property_ (Butterworths, 2002) (“the _Butterworths’
Statutes_ ”), it is stated that whether the proprietor has any trade
connection with the goods or services in question is ultimately a question of
fact. Mr Ravindran, coincidentally the counsel for the plaintiff in the
present case, explains in the commentary at p 126:

if the proprietor does not in fact exercise control or supervise the use of
his registered trade mark (notwithstanding provisions which allow him to do
so), there is no trade connection between him and the goods or services for
which the mark has been registered.

It appears to be trite law that to establish the requisite trade connection
for a valid trade mark licence, there must be at least _some_ control or
supervision of the use of the trade mark by the purported licensee.

66 The same view has been adopted in _Tan Tee Jim_ ([48] _supra_) at p 216 in
relation to the licensing of unregistered trade marks. The learned author is
of the view that such licence is valid only if there is a quality control
relationship between the licensor and the goods or services in question.

67 The leading treatise of Wilkof and Burkitt, _Trade Mark Licensing_ (Sweet &
Maxwell, 2nd Ed, 2005) at p 252, notes that the approach in the United States
of America with respect to implied licences emphasises that evidence of
control is necessary for an implied trade mark licence. The authors cite the
American case of _Villanova University v Villanova Alumni Educational
Foundation, Inc_ 123 F Supp 2d 293, for the proposition that the existence of
an implied trade mark licence requires evidence that permission was given to
use the mark, coupled with an exercise of reasonable control over such use.
This requirement is assessed by the objective conduct of the parties. This
seems sensible.

68 Both from precedent and logic, I conclude that a trade mark licence
arrangement between the plaintiff and the defendant may only be established if
the **_plaintiff exerts some manner or form of control or supervision over the
defendant’s goods_** …

[emphasis in original in italics; emphasis added in bold italics]

46 From the “Legal Contract”[note: 19] between Geveni (who as mentioned above
was the exclusive agent for Emilio Valentino of Italy in Asia) and
Impressions, of which the first, third, fourth, and fifth clauses were of
relevance, we noted that there was indeed a trade connection between Geveni
and Impressions’ goods. These clauses in that document read as follows[note:
20]:

1\. Logo

Party A [_ie_ , Geveni] authorized Party B [_ie_ , Impressions] to be the
manufacturer and distributor and sales and marketer of the items as stated
above. _The styles of the fashions should get the approval from Party A [ie,
Geveni] to use the logo of Emilio Valentino before it is to be distributed to
the markets_.

2\. …

3\. Keeping of the Reputation

Party B [_ie_ , Impressions] should try in every effort to keep Emilio
Valentino in good and reputable images and meanwhile it is necessary to
improve and update the design and quality regularly.

4\. Distribution

Party B [_ie_ , Impressions] should maintain the distribution channels
positioning in the middle to high-end markets. In any situation, Emilio
Valentino should not become the low end or street vendor markets.

5\. Origin of Design

Party B [_ie_ , Impressions] is fully responsible for the designs, material
selections, manufacturing and color matching, furthermore the final designs of
all products should send to Party A [_ie_ , Geveni] for record keeping. All of
the designs should not violate the third party’s designs and legal rights. In
the event of default, Party B [_ie_ , Impressions] will be responsible for its
own legal action.

[Emphasis added]

It was clear that the above clauses reserved unto Geveni the right to exercise
control and supervision on the use by Impressions of the Application Mark. The
Respondent’s control and supervision over Geveni was in turn provided for in
the Letter of Authorisation[note: 21] (see [40] above). There was nothing to
suggest that control and supervision was, in fact, not exercised by the
Respondent over Impressions through Genevi. No evidence was adduced by the
Appellant to contradict what was set out in the Legal Contract. As noted by
the Judge, a bare assertion by the Appellant that “there was no evidence of
control or supervision by the Respondent over [Hor]” (the GD at [57]) could
not suffice to prove that there was indeed no control exercised by the
Respondent over the use of the Application Mark. The legal documents set out
the rights and obligations of the parties and it would be reasonable to
assume, unless proven otherwise, that the parties would, and had, observed the
terms agreed upon. We would reiterate that if the Appellant alleged that there
was _no_ such control, the burden of proof must surely be on the Appellant to
prove exactly that. The latter had wholly failed to do so. Thus, there was
nothing to show bad faith on the part of the Respondent in seeking the
registration of the Application Mark. As mentioned in [30] above, an
allegation of bad faith is a serious matter and ought not to be lightly
inferred.

47 Before we conclude this judgment, we would like to make two observations.
First, the Appellant vigorously argued[note: 22] that the PAR had failed to
consider the provisions of r 14 of the Trade Mark Rules (Cap 322, R 1, 2008
Rev Ed) which provides as follows:

Persons living or recently dead

14\. —(1) Where the name or representation of any person appears on a trade
mark which is the subject of an application for registration, the Registrar
_may_ , before proceeding to register the mark, require the applicant to
furnish the Registrar with the consent of the person or, in the case of a
person recently dead, of his legal representatives.

(2) Where the consent referred to in paragraph (1) is not furnished within the
time specified by the Registrar and the applicant fails to satisfy the
Registrar that it is impossible or impracticable in the circumstances of the
case to obtain the consent, the Registrar shall refuse to register the mark.

[Emphasis added]

The Appellant agreed that the requirement under r 14(1) was entirely
discretionary. However, it submitted that:[note: 23]

… in order for the RTM [_ie_ , the Registry of Trade Marks] to decide whether
to exercise its discretionary power, it had to have the relevant facts before
it. The RTM had to be told the derivation of the Application Mark for it to
then decide if consent was necessary.

We, however, were unable to agree with the Appellant. The primary burden of
showing a _prima facie_ case of bad faith rested solely with the Appellant. In
the present case, the Appellant had clearly failed to discharge this burden.
There was, therefore, no room for the Appellant to argue that the Registry of
Trade Marks ought to have exercised its discretion under r 14(1) in the
present case to require the Respondent to furnish proof of the consent of Mr
Emilio Valentino.

48 Secondly, we found it strange that the Appellant should choose to argue
that the Respondent’s application to register the Application Mark was made in
bad faith pursuant to s 7(6) when the very persons who should know best,
whether there was a case to object on that ground, would be either Mr Emilio
Valentino or Hor (or both) and neither of them had raised any such objection.
In order to establish a _prima facie_ case, the Appellant should, at the very
least, obtain direct evidence from either Mr Emilio Valentino or Hor, or both,
to show either there was copying on the part of the Respondent and/or that the
goodwill in the Application Mark did not vest in the Respondent (this would be
on the assumption that Hor could explain away the position set out in the
Legal Contract (see [46] above)). Presumably, the Appellant could not persuade
Mr Emilio Valentino or Hor to do any of these things. As explained above at
[39] and [43], the affidavit filed by Hor was for an entirely different
purpose. In the premises, the Appellant had no basis whatsoever to bring an
action to oppose the registration of the Application Mark on the ground of bad
faith.

Conclusion

49 In conclusion, it was clear to us that the Appellant had no valid reasons
to object to the registration of the Application Mark. What the Appellant
sought to acquire, which it was not entitled to, was a monopoly over the use
of a common name, “Valentino”. In the result, we dismissed the appeal with
costs and the usual consequential orders.

* * *

[note: 1]The range of the Valentino Marks can be found at Annex A of the
Appellant’s Case (“AC”).

[note: 2]See Core Bundle (“CB”) Vol II at p 130.

[note: 3]CB Vol II at pp 135–136.

[note: 4]See AC at para 259.

[note: 5]AC at para 12.

[note: 6]AC at para 17.

[note: 7]See CB Vol II at p 178.

[note: 8]Respondent’s Case (“RC”) at para 45; see also CB Vol II at p 59.

[note: 9]See CB Vol II at p 178.

[note: 10]See CB Vol II at pp 97–100.

[note: 11]RC at para 90.

[note: 12]CB Vol II at pp 59–60.

[note: 13]CB Vol II at p 59

[note: 14]CB Vol II at p 61.

[note: 15]CB Vol II at p 61.

[note: 16]CB Vol II at p 61.

[note: 17]See CB Vol II at p 59.

[note: 18]RC at para 97.

[note: 19]CB Vol II at pp 63–65.

[note: 20]CB Vol II at pp 63–64.

[note: 21]CB Vol II at pp 59–60.

[note: 22]See AC at pp 79–87.

[note: 23]AC at para 172.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 26 Mar 2010 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

