Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Soh Eng Beng (as executor and trustee of the Estate of Soh Kim Poo,
deceased) _v_ Soh Eng Koon  
[2010] SGHC 257

Case Number| :| Originating Summons No 48 of 2010  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 26 August 2010  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Belinda Ang Saw Ean J  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Roland Tong and June Hong (Wong Tan & Molly Lim LLC) for
the applicant; Mark Goh (instructed) and Belinda Ang Choo Poh (Belinda Ang
Tang & Partners) for the respondent; Foo Maw Juin (Rodyk & Davidson LLP) as
Watching Brief for Soh Eng Chee.  
Parties| :|  Soh Eng Beng (as executor and trustee of the Estate of Soh Kim
Poo, deceased) — Soh Eng Koon  
  
26 August 2010| Judgment reserved.  
---|---  
  
Belinda Ang Saw Ean J:

1 The Applicant, Soh Eng Beng, is the executor and trustee of the estate of
Soh Kim Poo, deceased (“the testator”), and by this application in Originating
Summons No 48 of 2010 (“OS 48/2010”), the Applicant seeks a declaration as to
the true construction of clause 5 of the testator’s will dated 7 February 2002
(“the Will”). The Respondent, Soh Eng Koon, is one of the testator’s sons and
a beneficiary under the Will. He has applied in Summons No 1566 of 2010 for,
_inter alia_ , an order to rectify clause 5 of the Will.

The Will

2 The dispute before me relates to clause 5 of the Will. It is, however,
helpful to set out clauses 4 to 6 in their entirety, so that the provision in
issue can be considered in its context:

4\. I devise and bequeath my **half (1/2) share** of the property known as
**No 25 Lorong 4 Geylang, Singapore** to my son, **SOH ENG TAI** (NRIC No.
[xxx]) absolutely.

5 I devise and bequeath my half (1/2) share of the property known as **31C
Lorong 34 Geylang, Singapore** to my following children: -

(a) **SOH ENG GUAN** (NRIC No. [xxx]) – 35%

(b) **SOH ENG KOON** (NRIC No. [xxx]) – 35%

(c) **SOH LAI YING** (NRIC No. [xxx]) – 30%

6 I devise and bequeath the rest and residue of my property of whatsoever
nature and wheresoever situated to all my living children as at the date of my
death in equal shares.

[emphasis in bold and capital letters in original]

3 The testator died on 16 May 2002. The beneficiaries under the Will are his
ten children, namely:

(a)

Soh Eng Beng (“the Applicant”);

(b)

Soh Eng Chee;

(c)

Soh Eng Cheong;

(d)

Soh Eng Guan;

(e)

Soh Eng Koon (“the Respondent”);

(f)

Soh Eng Moh;

(g)

Soh Eng Tai;

(h)

Soh Lai Yim;

(i)

Soh Siew Geok; and

(j)

Soh Siew Kiow.

4 It is common ground that the name of the third beneficiary, “Soh Lai Ying”,
in clause 5 of the Will was incorrectly spelt as “Ying”, and that it ought
rightly to be “Yim”. Hence, the name of the third beneficiary in clause 5
should read as “Soh Lai Yim”. It is also common ground that at all material
times, the registered owners of No 31C Lorong 34 Geylang, Singapore (“the
Property”) were the testator and Soh Eng Guan as tenants in common in unequal
shares, with the testator holding 4/5 (80%) share in the Property and Soh Eng
Guan, the remaining 1/5 (20%) share.

The rival contentions

5 Mr Roland Tong for the Applicant argues that, upon the proper construction
of clause 5 of the Will, the presence of the phrase “my half (1/2) share of
the property” conveys the natural meaning that the testator intended to
bequeath one-half of his _entire_ interest in the Property, which he co-owned
with Soh Eng Guan as tenants in common, to the three persons named in the
clause to receive the bequeath in the percentage share enumerated against
their respective names. The remaining part of his interest in the Property
falls into the residue of the estate to be distributed in accordance with
clause 6 of the Will.

6 In opposition, Mr Mark Goh, who was instructed as counsel for the
Respondent, argues that the Applicant’s construction of the specific bequest
in clause 5 is wrong. The testator intended to bequeath his _entire_ interest
in the Property (_ie_ his 4/5 share) to the three named beneficiaries. Had the
testator intended any part of the Property to be part of the residuary estate,
the testator (so the argument ran) would not have taken pains to single out
the Property from the rest of his estate in the first place. According to Mr
Goh, the Applicant’s interpretation of clause 5 would give rise to a whimsical
and capricious situation in that the three named beneficiaries would stand to
inherit an additional share each in the testator’s remaining interest in the
Property under clause 6. Mr Goh cites para 429 from _Halsbury’s Laws of
England_ vol 50 (Butterworths, 4th Edition) which is different from the 2005
Reissue Edition. Be that as it may, there is para 483 in the 2005 Reissue
Edition which, _inter alia_ , provides that where there is ambiguity in the
ascertainment of the intention of the testator, the principle that arises is
that the court would not attribute to him a capricious or unreasonable
intention to his dispositions, where the words of his will can be read
otherwise. If the testator’s intention was to give his interest in the
Property to all his ten children, Mr Goh argues that the testator could have
easily named all his ten children in clause 5. He could also indicate the
share each child is to receive. Mr Goh concludes that the phrase “my half
(1/2) share of the property” in clause 5 was an inadvertent mistake on the
part of the draftsman of the Will. Clause 5 should rightly read as “my share
of the property”, after deleting the word “half (1/2)” from the clause.

7 Apart from the interpretation of clause 5 of the Will argued for by Mr Goh,
the Respondent has an alternative claim for the sum of $243,106, being the
amount he contributed to the testator’s purchase of the Property. It was made
clear that this alternative claim only arises if the court favours the
Applicant’s construction of clause 5 of the Will.

The construction issue

8 The starting point when construing any will is to determine the intention of
the testator by giving the words of the will the meaning that they naturally
bear, having regard to the context of the will as a whole. Little assistance
in construing a will is likely to be gained by consideration of how other
judges have interpreted similar wording in other cases. Textual analysis looks
at the language used in the Will and the approach involves different textual
methods of interpretation. If there is some uncertainty or ambiguity in the
will, then it is necessary to have recourse to extrinsic evidence in aid of
interpretation.

9 The key submission from both sides is based on the word “half (1/2)”in
clause 5. Specifically, the issue for the Respondent is whether clause 5
contains an inaccurate description of the testator’s actual interest in the
Property, or as Mr Tong argues, the word “half (1/2)” is significant. It must
be read as a word of restriction to limit the specific bequeath to only one-
half of the testator’s interest.

10 It is clear from the schedule under s 41(2) of the Estate Duty Act (Cap 96,
1997 Rev Ed) that was annexed to the Grant of Probate that the testator died
leaving (i) immovable properties - (a) half share in No 25 Lorong 4 Geylang,
Singapore and (b) 4/5 (80%) share in No 31C Lorong 34, Geylang, Singapore;
(ii) stocks and shares in various public and private companies in Singapore
and Malaysia; and (iii) cash in hand and in bank accounts in Singapore and
Malaysia.

11 This leads me to the Will. There are two specific bequests of immoveable
properties in the Will. They are contained in clauses 4 and 5. In clause 4,
the testator made a specific bequest of the whole of his interest in the
property known as No 25 Lorong 4 Geylang to his son, Soh Eng Tai, absolutely.
In relation to this property, the testator was a co-owner in equal shares of
the property with one of his sons, and the clause correctly described the
testator’s interest in the property. The fact remains that the testator’s
intention under clause 4 was to dispose of his entire interest in the property
to Soh Eng Tai. The specific bequest of the second immoveable property is
found in clause 5. This time the property in question is No 31C Lorong 34,
Geylang (“the Property”) and the bequest is divided among three named
beneficiaries. The rest of the estate is described in clause 6 as the
“residue”. Clause 6 sets out for whom the residuary estate would be divided.

12 With the scheme of the Will as set out in [11] in mind, I turn to the
opening words of clause 5. On a textual approach to construing the will and
without reference at this stage to extrinsic evidence in aid of
interpretation, it is clear from the language of clause 5 that the testator
was aware that he was not the sole owner of the Property in that he shared it
with his son, Soh Eng Guan. This is evident from his reference to part
ownership of the Property. The testator has also in clause 5 identified the
persons to whom he really wanted to benefit by the bequest. In clause 5, the
testator divided the bequest among three named beneficiaries in the following
proportion: Soh Eng Guan (35%); Soh Eng Koon (35%) and Soh Lai Yim (30%). The
percentages add up to 100%. The cumulative effect of these indicators as
described are consistent with the testator’s primary wish to give away what he
owned (_ie_ , his entire interest as co-owner of the Property) in the same way
as he had intended in clause 4 in respect of the other Geylang property. The
use of clause 4 as a matter of construction lends credence to the argument
that the purpose of clause 5 is to bequeath what belonged to the testator to
three named beneficiaries. I am further persuaded that this is the correct
interpretation of the Will by the fact that the properties in clauses 4 and 5
were the only two immovable properties which the testator owned. The rest of
his assets consisted of cash and stocks. The scheme of the Will strongly
suggests that the testator had intended to dispose of his immovable properties
in the same fashion _ie_ by way of a specific gift to named children rather
than to leave the immovable properties to be distributed as part of the
residuary estate.

13 The phrase - “my half (1/2) share of the property” \- is descriptive in
nature. Besides the address, the testator’s part ownership in the Property was
particularised to complete the description of the Property. Instead of
referencing the co-ownership that was in unequal shares, the draftsman stated
it to be in equal shares. I disagree with Mr Tong that the phrase contains
words of restriction to cut down by limiting the bequest to one-half of the
testator’s interest in the Property. Mr Tong’s argument has merit if the
draftsman had phrased clause 5 as: “I devise and bequeath half (1/2) _my_
share of the property ...” (emphasis added), and not as it appears in clause
5, namely, “I devise and bequeath _my_ half (1/2) share of the property ...”
(emphasis added). In my view, and I so find and hold, the reference to “my
half (1/2) share of the property” is a misdescription of the testator’s
interest as co-owner of the Property.

14 Another way of arriving at the conclusion (and to test, at the same time,
its correctness) that the testator intended to bequeath his entire interest in
the Property to the named beneficiaries is via the useful canon of
construction of documents, ‘ _falsa demonstratio non nocet cum de corpore
constat’_ which translates as a false description does not vitiate when there
is no doubt as to the subject matter. The false description must merely be
added onto that which is otherwise true. John G. Ross Martyn, Stuart Bridge &
Mika Oldham, _Theobald on Wills_ , (Sweet & Maxwell, 16th Ed, 2001) at para
23-01 explains the maxim in the following manner:

The principle of _falsa demonstratio non nocet_ means that if, on considering
the language of a will with the aid of any admissible extrinsic evidence, the
court comes to the conclusion that the testator intended to pass something and
can determine what that something is, then the fact that the testator gave it
a wrong description in his will does not prevent the will taking effect in
regard to the subject matter intended by the testator. The principle may be
applied in whatever part of the description the error occurred. The principle
of _falsa demonstratio_ also applies to a wrong description of a person in a
will.

15 The _falsa demonstratio_ principle does not apply if the description fits
the property so that any enlargement of the meaning by extrinsic evidence to
include some other property is excluded. Francis Barlow _et al, Williams on
Wills_ , (Butterworths, 9th Ed, 2008) at para 58.3 explains the exclusion of
the _falsa demonstratio_ principle thus:

Additional words are not rejected as importing a false description if they can
be read as words of restriction.

16 I have already explained in [12] and [13] above that the draftsman’s use of
the word “half (1/2)” was not to describe a limited interest that was intended
to pass by specific bequeath to the three named beneficiaries. It is possible
to reject the word “half (1/2)” as a _falsa demonstratio_. The misdescription
of the part of his interest in the Property did not prevent the Will taking
effect in regard to Property in question, and the specific bequeath in clause
5 is not vitiated.

17 The conclusion which I have thus far reached on the wording of the Will is
confirmed by the evidence as to what the testator meant and intended by clause
5 of his Will. The evidence shows that the testator wanted to part with his
interest in the Property. The misdescription of the testator’s interest is a
mistake; one that was likely to be made in the circumstances in which the Will
was drawn up and executed. I now turn to the evidence relating to the drafting
of the Will.

18 On the cover page of the Will is the name of the law firm of Messrs Viyay &
Co. Mr Tong informed the court that he had contacted Mr Narayanan Vijya Kumar
(“Mr Vijya”), for his assistance in relation the Will drawn up by his firm. Mr
Vijya filed an affidavit on 27th April 2010. Unfortunately, the matters
deposed in his affidavit were vague and, in fact, raised more questions than
answers and his affidavit evidence did not assist in resolving the dispute
before the court. I, therefore, allowed Mr Tong’s application to cross-examine
Mr Vijya on his affidavit.

19 In the witness box, Mr Vijya disclosed that, at the material time, he was
in India as his mother suddenly suffered a stroke, and as his testimony
unfolded, it became clear that his secretary, one Helen Tan (“Helen”), took
the testator’s instructions on his will and it was she who drew up the draft
that was sent to the testator’s son, Soh Eng Beng, for the testator’s
consideration. There were apparently amendments to the draft. Presumably, the
amendments were attended to by Helen. In his affidavit, Mr Vijya deposed that
he has no record of any documents or file relating to the Will. In cross-
examination, Mr Vijya confirmed that no attendance notes were taken by Helen
or anyone else. As shown on the Will, Helen and her colleague, Zalinah Kamis,
witnessed the testator’s execution of the Will after Helen explained the
contents of the Will in Hokkien to the testator. From Mr Vijya’s evidence, we
learn that Mr Vijya’s friend, Mr Lukshumayeh, an advocate & solicitor, who
would help out Mr Vijya’s firm in his absence, has no recollection of his
involvement with this Will. I think it is fair to conclude that after taking
the testator’s instructions, Helen drew up the Will, explained in the Hokkien
dialect the contents of the Will to the testator who signed it thereafter in
her presence and that of her colleague.

20 In arguing for the interpretation subscribed by the Applicant’s, Mr Tong
submits that there is no evidence that the testator meant to give his entire
share in the Property to the three named beneficiaries, and that there was
further, no evidence that Helen Tan did not take his instructions properly, or
had made a mistake in the drafting of the Will. Therefore, clause 5 should
thus be interpreted in such a way that half of the testator’s interest in the
Property be divided among the three named beneficiaries, and the remaining
half to go towards the residuary estate to be divided equally among the
testator’s ten children.

21 I concluded for the reasons given that the testator’s interest in the
Property was misdescribed in clause 5. As the testator had indeed owned a
half-share in the property known as No. 25 Lorong 4 Geylang, which was the
subject matter in clause 4 of the Will, it would not be implausible for the
draftsman to have copied the wording of clause 4 for clause 5, and to have
simply changed the address of the property in question before typing out the
names of the three beneficiaries and their respective shares in percentage
terms. I noticed that the words “half (1/2) share” were in bold print in
clause 4 but not in clause 5. The significance of that, if any, is a matter of
speculation. Be that as it may, we now know it was Helen who drew up the Will.
The likelihood of a mistake being committed was all the more probable without
the apparent benefit of legal supervision or review of her work which on the
face of the document contained an error in the spelling of the name of Soh Lai
Yim. The other mistake, as I have found, is in the description of the
testator’s share as co-owner of the Property.

Conclusion

22 For the reasons stated, the Will is construed as contended for by the
Respondent. Since the construction issue is resolved in favour of the
Respondent, the issue of rectification no longer remains a “live” issue save
for the misspelling of the name of the third beneficiary which ought to be
spelt as “Soh Lai Yim” and not “Soh Lai Ying”. However, since I have concluded
that the primary wish of the testator in clause 5 of the Will is to bequeath
his entire interest in the Property, the misdescription of the testator’s
interest is best removed. I therefore order clause 5 be rectified to the
extent that the word “half” be deleted from clause 5, such that it reads:

I devise and bequeath my share of the property known as **31C Lorong 34
Geylang, Singapore** to my following children: -

(a) SOH ENG GUAN (NRIC No. [xxx]) – 35%

(b) SOH ENG KOON (NRIC No. [xxx]) – 35%

(c) SOH LAI YIM (NRIC No. [xxx]) – 30%.

On costs, I order that the estate pays the Respondent’s costs of OS 48/2010
and Summons No 1566 of 2010 to be taxed, if not agreed.

23 It remains to be said that these proceedings highlight some professional
shortcomings, and it is appropriate that I draw attention to the timely
reminder by Chan Sek Keong CJ in _Chee Mu Lin Muriel v Chee Ka Lin Caroline_
[2010] SGCA 27 (“ _Chee Muriel”)_ at [60]:

... solicitors who undertake the task of preparing wills and/or witnessing the
execution of wills must take the necessary precautions or steps in order to
fulfil their duties to their clients. The precautions are not complicated nor
are they time consuming. In any case, as solicitors, they must do what is
required, however complicated or difficult the task may be. The central task
is to ensure that the terms of the will reflect the wishes of the testator.

24 Some of the precautions noted by Chan CJ in [60] “as a matter of good
professional practice, if not professional prudence”, is that “the solicitor
should make a contemporary written record of his or her attendances on the
testator so that he or she would be able to recall exactly what had transpired
during the meeting or meetings”.

25 It is also helpful to close this discourse on the proper discharge of
professional responsibilities in drawing up a Will by quoting an apt warning
in _Low Ah Cheow and others v Ng Hock Guan_ [2009] 3 SLR(R) 1079 at [73],
which was cited in _Chee Muriel_ (at [61]):

The preparation of a will involves serious professional responsibilities,
which solicitors must uncompromisingly observe and discharge. Regrettably, it
seems to us that, all too often nowadays, solicitors appear to consider the
preparation of a will to be no more than a routine exercise in form filling.
This is _wrong_. Before preparing a will, the solicitor concerned ought to
have a thorough discussion with the testator on all the possible legal issues
and potential complications that might arise in the implementation of the
terms of the will. The solicitor ought to painstakingly and accurately
document his discussions with and his instructions from the testator. He
should also confirm with the testator, prior to the execution of the will,
that the contents of the will as drafted accurately express the latter’s
intention. A translation, if required, must be thoroughly and competently
done. Half measures or the cutting of corners in the discharge of these
serious professional responsibilities will not do.

[emphasis in original]

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 26 Aug 2010 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

