Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Holland Leedon Pte Ltd (in liquidation) _v_ Metalform Asia Pte Ltd  
[2010] SGHC 280

Case Number| :| Originating Summons No 1679 of 2007  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 17 September 2010  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Philip Pillai J  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Sundaresh Menon SC, Sim Kwan Kiat, Farrah Salam (Rajah &
Tann LLP) for the plaintiff; Chelva Rajah SC, Chew Kei-Jin and Moiz Haider
Sithawalla (Tan Rajah & Cheah) for the defendant.  
Parties| :|  Holland Leedon Pte Ltd (in liquidation) — Metalform Asia Pte Ltd  
  
17 September 2010| Judgment reserved.  
---|---  
  
Philip Pillai J:

1 This is the plaintiff’s application for leave to appeal against a summary
determination of issues (“the Decision”) by the sole arbitrator in the
arbitration between the parties in SIAC Arbitration No 069/DA17/05 (“the
Arbitration”). The plaintiff, Holland Leedon (“the Vendor”), is the respondent
in the Arbitration, while the defendant, Metalform Asia Pte Ltd (“the
Purchaser”). The dispute between the parties relate to the interpretation of
terms in an agreement between the parties for the sale and purchase of the
Vendor’s business (“the SPA”).

Arbitration Act

2 The relevant statutory provision is s 49 of the Arbitration Act (Cap 10,
2002 Rev Ed) (“the Act”), the material part of which read as follows:

**Appeal against award**

49\. —(1) A party to arbitration proceedings may (upon notice to the other
parties and to the arbitral tribunal) appeal to the Court on a question of law
arising out of an award made in the proceedings.

(2) Notwithstanding subsection (1), the parties may agree to exclude the
jurisdiction of the Court under this section and an agreement to dispense with
reasons for the arbitral tribunal’s award shall be treated as an agreement to
exclude the jurisdiction of the Court under this section.

(3) An appeal shall not be brought under this section except-

(a) with the agreement of all other parties to the proceedings; or

(b) with the leave of the Court;

(5) Leave to appeal shall be given only if the Court is satisfied that –

(a) the determination of the question will substantially affect the rights or
one or more of the parties;

(b) the question is one which the arbitral tribunal was asked to determine;

(c) on the basis of the findings of fact in the award –

(i) the decision of the arbitral tribunal on the question is obviously wrong;
or

(ii) the question is one of general public importance and the decision of the
arbitral tribunal is at least open to serious doubt; and

(d) despite the agreement of the parties to resolve the matter by arbitration,
it is just and proper in all the circumstances for the Court to determine the
question.

(6) An application for leave to appeal under this section shall identify the
question of law to be determined and state the grounds on which it is alleged
that leave to appeal should be granted.

3 The present application turns on subsections (2), (5) and (6). I will deal
with each in turn.

Section 49(2): exclusion of appellate jurisdiction

4 The Purchaser argued that the parties had agreed to exclude the appellate
jurisdiction of the court granted by s 49(1) by virtue of cll 21.2, 21.6 and
21.7 of the SPA, which read as follows:

21.2In the event that any disagreement, dispute, controversy of claim (the
“Dispute”) is not resolved amicably between the parties, then, save as
otherwise provided in this Agreement, such Dispute shall be settled
exclusively and finally by arbitration. It is specifically understood and
agreed that, save as otherwise provided in this Agreement, any Dispute that
cannot be resolved between the parties, including any matter relating to the
interpretation of this Agreement, shall be submitted to arbitration
irrespective of the magnitude thereof and the amount in dispute or whether
such Dispute would otherwise be considered justifiable or ripe for resolution
by any court. This Agreement and the rights and obligations of the parties
under this Agreement shall remain in full force and effect pending the award
in such arbitration proceedings, and the award shall determine whether and
when the termination of this Agreement, if relevant, shall become effective.

21.6The [arbitral] Tribunal shall give a reasoned decision or award, including
as to the costs of the arbitration, which shall be final and binding on the
parties. The parties agree that the Tribunal’s award may be enforced against
the parties to the proceedings or their assets, wherever they may be found.

21.7The parties agree to exclude any right or application to any court or
tribunal of competent jurisdiction in connection with questions of law arising
in the course of any arbitration.

5 I can see nothing in cl 21.2 which avails the Purchaser. As for cl 21.6, the
Purchaser argues that the clause excludes the jurisdiction of the court by
providing that the decision or award shall be “final and binding”. I am unable
to agree. In every arbitration agreement there must be some form of words
providing for the binding effect of the award. It would not be sensible to
construe such words as serving the further function of excluding an appeal –
otherwise parties to every arbitration agreement would have to positively
provide for a right of appeal. This would be contrary to the tenor of s 49(1)
and (2), which provide for a right of appeal in the first place, which the
parties may then exclude. So, in my view, the exclusion of the right of appeal
must be effected through something more than a provision which merely provides
for the binding effect of the arbitral award. On the facts, I appreciate that
the word “final” can, read alone, be taken to be that something more, but
reading clause 21.6 as a whole I think that the overall effect of the clause
is merely to provide for the binding effect of the arbitral award. I am
fortified in this conclusion by the _dicta_ of Ramsey J in _Essex County
Council v Premier Recycling Ltd_ [2006] EWHC 3594 at [22] that:

the use of the words ‘final and binding’, in terms of reference of the
arbitration are of themselves insufficient to amount to an exclusion of
appeal. Such a phrase is just as appropriate, in my judgment to mean final and
binding subject to the provisions of the Arbitration Act 1996.

6 I turn now to cl 21.7. The Purchaser submitted that cl 21.7 tracks s 45 of
the Act, which provides in material part as follows:

**Determination of preliminary point of law**

**45**. —(1) Unless otherwise agreed by the parties, the Court may, on the
application of a party to the arbitration proceedings who has given notice to
the other parties, determine any question of law arising _in the course of the
proceedings_ which the Court is satisfied substantially affects the rights of
one or more of the parties.

[Emphasis added]

This is a linguistic argument, and ordinarily the court will not engage in
fine linguistic distinctions when construing commercial contracts – a relevant
example being the construction of the scope of arbitration agreements. In this
case, however, the Act draws a distinction between a party’s right to apply to
court to “determine any question of law arising _in the course of_ the
proceedings”, contained in s 45(1), and a party’s right to appeal to court “on
a question of law arising _out of an award_ made in the proceedings”,
contained in s 49(1). The precise language adopted by the parties is therefore
important. On the facts, cl 21.7 only relates to “questions of law arising _in
the course of_ any arbitration” (emphasis added). This, in my view, is
referable only to s 45(1) and is insufficient to exclude the right of appeal
in s 49(1).

Section 49(5): Merits and public importance, _etc_

7 I turn now to s 49(5), which lays down the requirements to be satisfied
before leave can be granted. There is no serious dispute that s 49(5)(a) and
(b) are satisfied. The main issue is s 49(5)(c), which lays down the threshold
of merit which must be met. There are two alternative thresholds: either (i)
on the basis of the findings of fact in the award the decision of the arbitral
tribunal is obviously wrong, or (ii) on the basis of the findings in the award
the question is one of general public importance and the decision of the
arbitral tribunal is at least open to serious doubt. As is apparent, the
threshold is lower when the question of law sought to be presented on appeal
is of general public importance.

8 On the facts, there were three questions of law put to the learned
arbitrator. It is not necessary to rehearse them here. Essentially they come
to this. The SPA computed the purchase price for the Vendor’s business via the
commonly used mechanism of applying a multiplier to the Vendor’s EBIDTA, _ie_
, earnings before interest, depreciation, tax and amortisation. The EBIDTA was
not based simply on the relevant audited financial statements. Instead it was
to be derived from the agreed completion accounts jointly prepared by the
accountants of both parties. See Robert Thompson, gen ed, _Sinclair on
Warranties and Indemnities on Share and Asset Sales_ (Sweet & Maxwell, 7th Ed,
2008) at para 13-04. There is, in the SPA, no warranty as to the final EBIDTA,
and quite naturally so since the Purchaser participated in the completion
accounts process which yielded the EBIDTA. The purchaser takes the EDIBTA
which he agreed to and to which was then applied the agreed multiple to arrive
at the purchase price. The underlying business approach reflected here is one
of _caveat emptor_.

9 The Vendor is alleged to have breached a number of warranties in the SPA.
Under the general law of contract the Purchaser would be able to recover its
expectation losses, measured either by the cost of cure or by the diminution
in the value of the Vendor’s business. But the Purchaser is arguing that the
alleged breaches of warranty would diminish the EBIDTA and correspondingly the
purchase price which is a multiple of the EDIBTA. On this basis it is claiming
the difference between the purchase price it paid and the purchase price
computed on the basis of the (allegedly) reduced EDIBTA multiplied by the
multiplier. However, the Purchaser is not challenging the EDIBTA agreed to by
the parties, and indeed it could not have done so as there were no warranties
as to the EDIBTA, nor fraud or patent error in the completion accounts. In
these circumstances, it seems to me that if the Purchaser’s claim was allowed
to proceed, it would have the effect of subverting a commonly used mechanism
for determining the purchase price in acquisitions of businesses and shares.
In my view, therefore, the decision of the learned arbitrator that the
Purchaser is allowed to pursue his claim as described is at least open to
serious doubt. I am further of the view that the issue, relating as it does to
a commonly used commercial pricing mechanism, is one of general public
importance. Section 49(5)(c)(ii) is therefore satisfied. I am fortified in my
conclusion by the decision of Judith Prakash J’s to strike out the Purchaser’s
claims to substantially similar effect against the Vendor’s directors in
connection with the same acquisition: see _Metalform Asia Pte Ltd v Ser Kim
Noi_ [2009] 1 SLR(R) 369. The record shows that, on appeal, the Court of
Appeal only disagreed with Prakash J to the extent that it thought that leave
to amend the untenable claim should be granted.

10 For similar reasons, I think it is just and proper in all the circumstances
for an appeal to lie to the court.

Section 49(6): identification of question of law to be determined

11 The Purchaser argued that the Vendor has not formulated or identified any
question of law arising from the Decision by the learned arbitrator, and
therefore failed to satisfy s 45(6) of the Act. Again I am unable to accede.
It is first of all doubtful that s 49(6) of the Act is a condition precedent
to the grant of leave (as opposed to a mere procedural requirement), since it
is not placed in s 49(5). In any case, the Vendor is clearly disputing the
effect of a contractual term, and it is beyond controversy that the true
construction of contractual terms is a question of law: _Permasteelisa Pacific
Holdings Ltd v Hyundai Engineering Construction Co Ltd_ [2005] 2 SLR(R) 270.

Conclusion

12 In the result, I grant leave to the Vendor to appeal against the Decision
of the learned arbitrator. Costs in the cause.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 17 Sep 2010 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

