Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Thode Gerd Walter _v_ Mintwell Industry Pte Ltd and others  
[2010] SGHC 33

Case Number| :| Suit No 351 of 2007 (Notice of Appointment for Assessment of
Damages No 44 of 2009)  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 29 January 2010  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Peh Aik Hin AR  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Sugidha Nithi and Renu Menon (Tan Rajah & Cheah) for the
plaintiff; Anthony Lee Hwee Khiam and Sarah Tan (Bih Li & Lee) for the
defendants.  
Parties| :|  Thode Gerd Walter — Mintwell Industry Pte Ltd and others  
  
29 January 2010| Judgment reserved.  
---|---  
  
Peh Aik Hin AR:

Introduction

1 The present assessment of damages arises out of two leases signed between
the plaintiff, Mr Gerd Walter Thode, and the first defendant, Mintwell
Industry Pte Ltd (“Mintwell”), for two units in Mintwell Building, an
industrial building located at No 55 Ubi Avenue 3, Singapore 408864 (“Mintwell
Building”). Although the hearing of the assessment of damages took only half a
day before me, the parties subsequently raised a myriad of legal issues in
their written and oral submissions. As will be demonstrated, most of these
seemingly complicated issues can in fact be resolved having regard to first
principles.

The facts

2 The facts of this case are undisputed and reference can be made to the
judgment of the trial judge, Belinda Ang Saw Ean J, in _Thode Gerd Walter v
Mintwell Industry Pte Ltd_ [2009] SGHC 44 (“ _Thode Gerd Walter_ ”) (at
[1]–[13]). For purposes of the present proceedings, the facts can be briefly
summarised as follows.

3 The plaintiff is the sole-proprietor of Euromal Precision Engineering
(“Euromal”) and is in the business of mechanical engineering works. At the
material time, Mintwell was the lessor of Mintwell Building and had granted
leases of various units in Mintwell Building to others, including the
plaintiff. The second defendant is Mr Seah Bak Kheow (“Seah”), who was alleged
by the plaintiff, and found by Belinda Ang J in _Thode Gerd Walter_ (at [46]),
to be the key controlling mind behind Mintwell at the material time,
notwithstanding that he was not a director of Mintwell. The third defendant is
Mr Tan Kee Hock, Eddy (“Eddy”), a director of Mintwell at the material time.

4 Mintwell had granted the following two leases to the plaintiff:

(a) a lease dated 16 February 2005 for unit #01-02 at a monthly rent of
$15,643.60, which commenced on 1 May 2005 and was for a period of two years up
till 30 April 2007 with an option to renew for a further two years; and

(b) a lease dated 1 August 2006 for unit #03-02 at a monthly rent of
$5,940.00, which commenced on 1 August 2006 and was for a period of 33 months
up till 30 April 2007 with an option to renew for a further two years.

The plaintiff had taken up the second lease for unit #03-02 as he needed more
space to expand his growing business, and the term of the second lease was 33
months so as to ensure that the expiry dates of both leases would coincide.

5 Previously, Mintwell had mortgaged Mintwell Building to Overseas-Chinese
Banking Corporation (“OCBC”) and covenanted, _inter alia_ , not to let any
part of the property without the consent in writing of the bank. Unknown to
the plaintiff, OCBC had obtained an order of court dated 2 September 2002
against Mintwell for vacant possession of Mintwell Building (in Originating
Summons No 1106 of 2002 (“OS 1106/2002”)) after Mintwell defaulted in mortgage
repayments and had subsequently filed a writ of possession on 30 June 2006 to
enforce the order. In breach of its covenant, Mintwell had also leased the two
units to the plaintiff without the consent of OCBC.

6 It was only on 2 August 2006 when the plaintiff was served with a copy of
Summons No 3453 of 2006 (“SUM 3453/2006”), an application by OCBC for the
execution of the writ of possession, that the plaintiff first found out about
the true situation. In order to avoid eviction, the plaintiff contested the
summons at the hearing on 1 September 2006, but was unsuccessful. The
Assistant Registrar ordered that OCBC be at liberty to enforce the order of
court dated 2 September 2002 and to execute the writ of possession, albeit a
stay of execution was granted until 1 December 2006, 4 pm.

7 The plaintiff eventually found alternative premises for his business at 45
Changi South Avenue 2, #03-01, Techplas Industrial Building, Singapore 486133
(“Changi South premises”) and entered into a lease for this new premises on or
about 22 November 2006 at a monthly rent of $23,000. Prior to the Changi South
premises, the plaintiff had considered another premises at 9 Tai Seng Drive
(“Tai Seng premises”) but found the place unsuitable. The plaintiff vacated
unit #03-02 at Mintwell Building on or about 4 October 2006 and vacated unit
#01-02 on or about 28 November 2006. Although the plaintiff had incurred
expenses renovating unit #03-02, he never commenced operations there.

8 On 8 June 2007, the plaintiff commenced the present action against the three
defendants. He sued Mintwell for breach of contract (in respect of Mintwell’s
breaches for the two leases), negligence and fraudulent and/or negligent
misrepresentation and Seah and Eddy for fraudulent and/or negligent
misrepresentation. On 25 August 2008, the parties entered into a consent
judgment whereby interlocutory judgment was entered for the plaintiff against
Mintwell for breach of contract with damages to be assessed by the Registrar.
On 23 February 2009, Belinda Ang J, after the trial of the action, entered
interlocutory judgment for the plaintiff against Mintwell and Seah for
negligent misrepresentation with damages to be assessed by the Registrar. She,
however, did not find Eddy liable. As such, the present proceedings are only
against Mintwell and Seah (reference hereafter to “the defendants” in this
judgment will refer only to Mintwell and Seah).

The present assessment of damages and the heads of damages claimed by the
plaintiff

9 The present assessment of damages was a consolidated hearing (pursuant to an
order of court dated 25 August 2009) for the assessment of damages due to the
plaintiff under both judgments. The plaintiff claimed in total a sum of
$251,902.53, which can be broadly divided into four categories:

(a) $191,195.38 for expenses incurred in relation to the move to the Changi
South premises, which formed the bulk of the claim;

(b) $15,964 for expenses incurred for unit #03-02, in which operations never
commenced there;

(c) $27,551.95 for labour costs (for the plaintiff’s staff and for the
plaintiff himself) incurred in relation to the move to the Changi South
premises; and

(d) $17,191.20 for legal costs incurred for contesting the eviction and title
searches/conveyancing fees for the Tai Seng premises and the Changi South
premises.

10 At the hearing of the assessment of damages, the defendants elected not to
call their witness, _ie_ , Eddy, to give evidence at the end of the
plaintiff’s case. Eddy’s affidavit of evidence-in-chief (“AEIC”) was thus not
admitted.

Preliminary issue – the measure of damages

11 Before I proceed with my decision on the damages to be awarded, it will be
necessary to deal with a preliminary issue first.

12 At the start of the hearing of the assessment of damages on 9 October 2009,
counsel for the plaintiff, Ms Sugidha Nithi (“Ms Nithi”), represented to me
that parties have agreed that the assessment of the damages due under both
judgments would result in the same figure, and no issue was raised by either
party as to what was the proper measure of damages. Ms Nithi explained that
this was also the reason why consolidation was sought in the first place and
granted. However, at the oral submissions on 20 November 2009, counsel for the
defendants, Ms Sarah Tan (“Ms Tan”), raised for the first time the issue that
the plaintiff should elect his measure of damages and decide whether to
proceed with damages in contract or tort. Although the defendants had alluded
briefly to the different measures of damages in contract and tort in their
written submissions[note: 1], they had not explained the significance of such
difference or what the consequences of non-election of the measure of damages
were in this case. Indeed, the bulk of the defendants’ written submissions
were focused on the legal issues of proof of damage, mitigation and
remoteness.

13 At the oral submissions, Ms Tan explained that if the plaintiff chooses to
proceed in tort, he would only be entitled to recover damages in respect of
the expenses he incurred for the _two_ units in Mintwell Building (it should
be noted, however, that the plaintiff is only claiming for expenses incurred
for _one_ unit, _ie_ , unit #03-02, as part of the total damages claimed (see
[9] above)) and nothing more because the aim of damages in tort was to restore
him to the position he would have been in if the tort (_ie_ , the
misrepresentation in this case) had not been committed. And if the tort had
not occurred in the first place, she reasoned that the plaintiff would not
have taken up the two leases at Mintwell Building and would have simply taken
up another place. Consequently, he would not have had to move to the Changi
South premises and incur all the other expenses claimed. His loss would
therefore only be confined to the wasted expenditure for the two units in
Mintwell Building. However, if the plaintiff chooses to proceed in contract,
the plaintiff would be entitled in principle to claim for the expenses he
expended for moving to the Changi South premises as well as the rest of the
damages claimed here. She did not, however, submit that the plaintiff should
choose the measure of damages in tort or that that was the correct measure for
the present case. Rather, her position was simply that the plaintiff should
make an election.

14 On the other hand, Ms Nithi reiterated the position at the start of the
hearing of the assessment of damages. She contended that no election was
necessary and that, in any event, the same amount of damages would be
ascertained under either measure.

15 It does not appear to me that the defendants are pressing the point
strongly that an election should be made or that the measure of damages in
tort is the right measure. In any case, I do not agree with the defendants’
view that if the measure of damages is to be based in tort, then it follows
that the plaintiff can only recover the expenses incurred for the two units at
Mintwell Building and nothing more. This argument appears to be based on a
misunderstanding of the principle that the aim of damages in tort is to put
the claimant in a position he would have been in if the tort had not been
committed. There is no doubt that this is the guiding principle of the object
of damages in tort, which is _different_ from that in contract, which aims to
put the claimant in as good a position, as far as money can do it, as if the
promise had been performed (see the Court of Appeal decision of _Wishing Star
Ltd v Jurong Town Corp_ [2008] 2 SLR 909 (“ _Wishing Star_ ”) at [28]).

16 However, there is no reason to draw an artificial and arbitrary line to
limit damages to only expenses incurred for the two units if the measure of
damages is based in tort in the present case. Could it not be said similarly
that had the tort not been committed (_ie_ , if there had been no
misrepresentation), the plaintiff would not have gone on to incur and would
have avoided all other expenses he had incurred such as those in relation to
the move to the Changi South premises? Indeed, as a matter of general
principle, a claimant in tort is entitled to recover not only the basic
pecuniary losses he suffered as a result of the tort, but also the
_consequential_ pecuniary losses which will include other expenses
necessitated by the tort (see generally Harvey McGregor QC, _McGregor on
Damages_ (Sweet & Maxwell, 18th Ed, 2009) at paras 2-043 to 2-045 and paras
2-051 to 2-053; see also _Grosvenor Hotel Company v Hamilton_ [1984] 2 QB 836
where a tenant recovered in an action for nuisance the expenses of setting up
a new place from the landlord). Apart from proof of damage, the limit to the
recovery of such losses would be the remoteness of damage, and in this
respect, I note that the test of remoteness of damage in tort is generally
considered to be wider than that in contract (see _Koufos v C Czarnikow Ltd_
[1969] 1 AC 350 (“ _The Heron II_ ”) at 385–386, _Robertson Quay Investment
Pte Ltd v Steen Consultants Pte Ltd_ [2008] 2 SLR 623 (“ _Robertson Quay_ ”)
at [71]–[74] and _Sunny Metal & Engineering Pte Ltd v Ng Khim Ming Eric_
[2007] 1 SLR 853 (“ _Sunny Metal (HC)_ ”) at [138]). Bearing this in mind and
the fact that both judgments in this case arose out of the same factual
matrix, it would appear odd that the defendants are taking the position that
all the other expenses claimed by the plaintiff are in principle claimable and
recoverable if the measure of damages is based in contract, but not so if the
measure of damages is based in tort.

17 In my view, the correct position is simply this. There are two judgments
here – one against Mintwell for breach of contract and the other against both
Mintwell and Seah for misrepresentation in tort. As a matter of principle, the
plaintiff is entitled to damages based on the measure of damages in contract
for the judgment in contract as well as damages based on the measure of
damages in tort for the judgment in tort. Under both judgments, damages are
recoverable so long as they are not too remote. However, at the end of the
day, there should be no _double recovery_. Thus, if there is any overlap in
losses under both judgments, the court should only grant one set of damages
for the same loss. It should also be appreciated that the present case is not
exactly one where there are concurrent duties in tort and contract (see for
example _Sunny Metal (HC)_) and more will be said about this later (see [74]
below).

18 On the facts of the present case and bearing in mind that the claims put
forward by the plaintiff relate mainly to the _expenses_ he had incurred as a
result of the breach of contract and/or misrepresentation, I agree with the
plaintiff that the damages which he is entitled to in contract would actually
be the same as those he is entitled to in tort. This is not unusual, but it
should be noted that this is only by way of factual coincidence (_Wishing
Star_ at [43]):

… there could be a coincidence in quantum between the contractual and the
tortuous measures of damages, depending on the precise facts of the case
concerned, although… , this would be more by way of a _factual_ coincidence
and does _not_ signify any coincidence in the _purposes_ that the law of
contract and the law of tort, respectively, serve… [emphasis in original]

In arriving at this conclusion, I took into account the important fact that
the present case is not one where the plaintiff is trying to recover loss of
profits that he would have made in his business if the representations made by
the defendants had been true. Recovery of such loss of profits would not have
been permissible in tort, though they may be recoverable in contract, given
that the objective of damages in tort, unlike contract, is not to compensate
the claimant for the loss of bargain but to restore him to _status quo ante_
(see _Wishing Star_ at [28] and _McGregor on Damages_ at para 19-003).

19 Lastly, I am also of the view that, in any case, it is not open to the
defendants now to contend that the damages would be different under the
judgment in contract and the judgment in tort, having not objected to the
consolidation of the assessment of damages when the plaintiff first applied
for one and subsequently not raising any objections at the start of the
assessment of damages or at any time throughout the proceedings until the day
of oral submissions. Indeed, the entire assessment had proceeded on the basis
that the damages were the same until the issue was raised (half-heartedly it
seems) at the oral submissions. I turn now to my decision on the award of
damages for the various heads of damages claimed by the plaintiff.

My decision

Expenses incurred in relation to the move to the Changi South premises

20 The damages claimed by the plaintiff under the first head consisted of,
_inter alia_ , the various costs of renovation, electrical, shifting and air-
conditioning works undertaken by the following contractors engaged by the
plaintiff for the Changi South premises:

(a) Qian Cheng Electrical Renovation Engineering (“Qian Cheng”) for electrical
works and lighting;

(b) KL Fong General Contractor for partitioning and carpeting works;

(c) ACIS Air-Conditioning Centre (“ACIS”) for air-conditioning works;

(d) Boge Kompressoren Asia Pacific Pte Ltd (“Boge”) for piping and other
fittings required for the operation of the plaintiff’s machinery;

(e) Sterling Agencies Pte Ltd (“Sterling”) for the shifting of the plaintiff’s
machinery from Mintwell Building to the Changi South premises;

(f) Hock Siang Transport for the shifting of the office furniture and
equipment from Mintwell Building to the Changi South premises;

(g) EKTH Marketing & Services for voice and data cabling and dismantling and
re-installing the PBX system; and

(h) GY Chow Consulting Engineers for load consultation for the layout of the
machinery at the Changi South premises.

21 The defendants have essentially two main objections to these various
claims. First, and this appears to be the defendants’ main contention, the
defendants contended that the plaintiff had failed to mitigate his losses for
two reasons. The first reason is that the plaintiff had chosen to lease the
Changi South premises (22,008 square feet in floor area), which is 23.8%
_larger_ in floor area compared to the combined floor area of units #01-02 and
#03-02 at Mintwell Building (17,774 square feet in floor area in total). The
defendants argued that the increase in space would necessarily mean that “the
amount the [p]laintiff expended to renovate/fit out the Changi South premises
[would be] higher”[note: 2]. They submitted that the court should take this
increase in floor area into account as a factor in awarding damages and “not
have [the defendants] pay for the [p]laintiff’s own expansion plans and
ambitions”[note: 3]. Further, they pointed out that if the plaintiff had
leased the same floor area as Mintwell Building at the Changi South premises,
the monthly rent (at the same rent per square feet) would only be $18,662.70
instead of the present sum of $23,000, which would work out to a savings of
$4,337.30 per month and a total savings of $125,781.70 over 29 months from 1
December 2006 to 30 April _2009_ (it should be noted that the defendants had
mistakenly taken the expiry date of the two leases as 30 April _2009_ where
the correct date should be 30 April _2007_ (see [4] above); thus instead of 29
months, it should only be 5 months and the alleged savings should only be
$21,686.50)[note: 4]. The second reason is that in respect of all the
renovation, electrical, shifting and air-conditioning works done at the Changi
South premises, the plaintiff had failed to source for quotations from other
contractors and to bargain for a more favourable price. Instead, the plaintiff
had accepted the quotations he obtained from the first contractors he
approached.

22 Secondly, the defendants contended that the plaintiff had failed to prove
all the expenses that he had allegedly incurred in relation to the Changi
South premises. The defendants took the position that it was insufficient for
the plaintiff to produce the quotations and invoices for the various works
done. The complaint was that the plaintiff did not call the different
contractors to give evidence in court so as to justify and explain why certain
works were necessary and why certain amounts were charged.

23 As a matter of principle and logic, the issue of proof should be dealt with
first followed by the issue of mitigation (see _Robertson Quay_ ([16]
_supra_) at [27]). However, in light of the arguments canvassed by the
defendants and their emphasis on the issue of mitigation, it would be more
convenient for me to deal with the latter issue first.

Mitigation

24 It is trite law that a claimant must take reasonable steps to mitigate the
loss arising from the defendant’s wrong, be it a tort or breach of contract,
and the claimant will not be entitled to recover damages in respect of any
part of the loss which is due to his neglect to take such steps (see the
speech of Viscount Haldane LC in the leading case of _British Westinghouse
Electric and Manufacturing Company, Limited v Underground Electric Railways
Company of London, Limited_ [1912] 1 AC 673 at 689, which was followed locally
in _GIB Automation Pte Ltd v Deluge Fire Protection (SEA) Pte Ltd_ [2007] 2
SLR 918 (“ _GIB Automation_ ”) at [98]; see also _McGregor on Damages_ ([16]
_supra_) at para 7-014). The onus is on the defendant to show that the
claimant has failed to take such steps (_GIB Automation_ at [98] and _McGregor
on Damages_ at para 7-019).

25 However, the standard of reasonableness is not high in view of the fact
that the defendant is an admitted wrongdoer. As stated by Lord Macmillan in
_Banco de Portugal v Waterlow and Sons, Limited_ [1932] 1 AC 452 at 506:

_It is often easy after an emergency has passed to criticize the steps which
have been taken to meet it, but such criticism does not come well from those
who have themselves created the emergency_. The law is satisfied if the party
_placed in a difficult situation_ by reason of the breach of a duty owed to
him has acted reasonably in the adoption of remedial measures, and he will not
be held disentitled to recover the cost of such measures merely because the
party in breach can suggest that other measures less burdensome to him might
have been taken. [emphasis added]

26 It is oft said that the question of mitigation is a question of fact (see
_Payzu, Limited v Saunders_ [1919] 2 KB 581 at 588 and 589; see also
_Robertson Quay_ at [27]). Indeed, as would be implicit in Lord Macmillan’s
quoted passage above, what is reasonable must be judged in the _circumstances_
that the claimant is placed in.

27 Returning to the facts of the present case, can it be said that the
plaintiff has failed to take such reasonable steps given that he had chosen a
bigger premises and/or failed to source for alternative quotations for the
various works done at the Changi South premises? I do not think so. The
circumstances were such that the plaintiff only first found out of the various
breaches by the defendants in August 2006. After SUM 3453/2006 for the
execution of the writ of possession was heard on 1 September 2006, it then
became a certainty that the plaintiff had to move out of Mintwell Building and
that he had only up to 1 December 2006, _ie_ , three months, to find
alternative premises and to shift there.

28 The plaintiff first found and considered the Tai Seng premises but found it
unsuitable for various reasons before he eventually found the Changi South
premises sometime around end September 2006 and settled for it. He testified
that he was running against time then as he had to find new premises quickly
and thereafter carry out the necessary renovation works, which would again
take time (he testified that it took about two months for the renovation
works), to make the new premises fit for his machinery and business. He
testified that although the Changi South premises were bigger, the extra space
was unnecessary and he had in fact kept the extra space empty. I accept the
plaintiff’s explanation. It was certainly not a case where the plaintiff had
sought to expand his business when he moved to the Changi South premises as
claimed by the defendants. Indeed, any such expansion would already have taken
place when the plaintiff took up the extra unit, _ie_ , unit #03-02, at
Mintwell Building.

29 It should be further borne in mind that the plaintiff is not claiming for
the _additional rent_ he has to pay for the Changi South premises as a result
of the larger floor area. As such, the figures put forward by the defendants
(see [21] above), which they claimed are savings to the plaintiff are, in my
view, irrelevant for the present assessment of damages. The defendants also
did not submit (and rightly so) that these savings should be deducted from the
total damages awarded to the plaintiff. However, I should mention that the
defendants did raise a further point about deducting unpaid rent from the
damages awarded. They contended that the plaintiff did not pay them rent for
unit #01-02 for the months of August to December 2006 when he was still in
possession of the unit and had thus saved some $78,218 in rent (the plaintiff
has, however, challenged this amount[note: 5]). They also contended that no
rent was ever paid for unit #03-02, though no figure was submitted as to the
arrears in rent. Accordingly, the defendants submitted that the amount of rent
that the plaintiff withheld, especially the sum of $78,218, should be deducted
from the award of damages[note: 6]. I am of the view that no such deduction
can be made given that the defendants themselves did not counterclaim for the
unpaid rent or plead the defence of set-off in the first place. In any event,
the defendants have also not adduced any statements to prove the arrears in
rent.

30 There is of course the defendants’ further contention that a larger floor
area would necessitate a larger amount being spent on the renovation works at
the Changi South premises (though the defendants did not substantiate this
contention in their submissions). I do not think this is necessarily so. If
one looks at the list of expenses set out at [20] above, it would be noted
that the bulk of the items such as the costs of the electrical works, the
shifting of the plaintiff’s machinery and the piping and fittings required for
the plaintiff’s operations pertains specifically to the plaintiff’s machinery
and it is hard to see how the costs for such expenses would be determined or
affected by the floor area. The same can be said of the expenses for shifting
of the office furniture and equipment. No doubt some items would invariably be
affected by the floor area; the plaintiff testified that as there was a longer
distance from the compressor to the air-conditioning units at the Changi South
premises, additional copper and tubings had to be used for the air-
conditioning, and that for the ceiling, additional ceiling boards had to be
purchased given the larger area. However, this alone does not mean that the
plaintiff had failed to take reasonable steps to mitigate in the given
circumstances. To begin with, the plaintiff had in fact brought over the air-
conditioning compressor and units as well as the ceiling boards from Mintwell
Building to be reused at the Changi South premises in a bid to save costs.
Apart from these items, the plaintiff also moved over all other useable office
furniture and equipment, including power points, wirings, cables, lights and
carpets so as to incur less expenses for the renovation works at the Changi
South premises. The truth is that the plaintiff did make considerate efforts
to mitigate his losses.

31 The defendants, during the cross-examination of the plaintiff, also sought
to point out that the costs charged by ACIS for air-conditioning and Sterling
for shifting the machinery in relation to the Changi South premises were
higher than the costs previously charged when the plaintiff moved from Betime
Building at Macpherson Road into Mintwell Building (the plaintiff had engaged
their services then as well). In respect of the costs charged by ACIS, the
plaintiff explained that as the new premises had no brackets for the
compressor, these had to be installed and additional costs were thus incurred.
As for Sterling, the plaintiff explained that a higher fee was charged given
that the Changi South premises were located on the third floor. Again, I do
not think that the fact alone that these costs were higher for the Changi
South premises would mean that the plaintiff’s claims were inflated and the
plaintiff had failed to mitigate his losses. To begin with, it would be
unrealistic to expect the costs for both moves to be the same given that the
scope of the works undertaken by ACIS and Sterling for the two premises would
likely be different. The defendants have also not adduced any contrary
evidence to show that such expenses were excessive or inflated (_cf GIB
Automation_ ([24]  _supra_) where the defendant in that case had adduced
evidence that the plaintiff had inflated the value of the items it ordered in
order to claim a larger sum of damages (_id_ at [81]–[97])).

32 As for the failure to obtain quotations from other contractors, the
plaintiff explained that the contractors he hired for the renovation works at
the Changi South premises were mostly his regular contractors who had done
similar renovation works for him in the past at his premises at Mintwell
Building as well as his premises prior to Mintwell Building at Betime
Building. This evidence was not challenged by the defendants, who in fact
relied on this fact for their cross-examination and submissions. The plaintiff
said that he had engaged these contractors again for the Changi South premises
as he knew they were reliable, they knew exactly what his requirements were
and he trusted their workmanship. He candidly agreed with the suggestion of
the counsel for the defendants, Mr Anthony Lee Hwee Khiam, during cross-
examination that there could perhaps be other contractors who would charge a
lower price for the same work, but he testified that he believed his
contractors would not over-charge him for the works, given the trust and
rapport they have built up with each other. He also explained that he had
negotiated and bargained for a lower price with these contractors before they
quoted/invoiced him. He further explained that given the short time frame he
had, it was not quite feasible to source for and obtain quotations from other
contractors, especially since he would have to spend time telling these new
contractors his requirements all over again. For Boge, which was engaged by
the plaintiff for the first time, the plaintiff explained that he had decided
to engage them as Boge was the company that manufactured his machinery, and he
thus felt safer that they did the piping and fittings for the machinery (which
ran on compressed air) at the Changi South premises in the short span of time
he had. I accept all the plaintiff’s explanation above which, in my view, is
entirely reasonable in the circumstances. I would also add that the plaintiff
struck me as a truthful witness throughout the proceedings.

33 On the totality of the facts and the evidence before me, I am of the view
that the defendants did not discharge their burden of proving that the
plaintiff had failed to mitigate his losses. No doubt perhaps more savings
could have been achieved if the plaintiff had the luxury of time to think or
to source for alternative quotations, but this does not as a matter of course
mean that the plaintiff had failed to mitigate his losses. In _Darbishire v
Warren_ [1963] 1 WLR 1067, Pearson LJ said (at 1075):

… it is important to appreciate the true nature of the so-called "duty to
mitigate the loss" or "duty to minimise the damage." _The plaintiff is not
under any actual obligation to adopt the cheaper method: if he wishes to adopt
the more expensive method, he is at liberty to do so and by doing so he
commits no wrong against the defendant or anyone else_. The true meaning is
that the plaintiff is not entitled to charge the defendant by way of damages
with any greater sum than that which he reasonably needs to expend for the
purpose of making good the loss. In short, he is fully entitled to be as
extravagant as he pleases but not at the expense of the defendant. [emphasis
added]

In my view, the plaintiff has already done what was _reasonable in the
circumstances_ to mitigate his losses and we should not, as Lord Macmillan
suggested (see [25] above), on hindsight, nip-pick on what he could have done
better and criticise and penalise him for that.

Proof of damage

34 I turn now to the defendants’ second main contention, _ie_ , the lack of
proof for the expenses.

35 As held by Andrew Phang Boon Leong JA, delivering the judgment of the Court
of Appeal, in _Robertson Quay_ ([16]  _supra_) at [27], it is fundamental and
trite that a claimant claiming damages must prove his damage, _ie_ , he must
satisfy the court both as to the fact of damage and as to its amount.
Summarising the position at law, Andrew Phang JA said at [31]:

To summarise, a plaintiff cannot simply make a claim for damages without
placing before the court sufficient evidence of the loss it has suffered even
if it is otherwise entitled in principle to recover damages. On the other
hand, where the plaintiff has attempted its level best to prove its loss _and_
the evidence is cogent, the court should allow it to recover the damages
claimed. [emphasis in original]

36 Unlike _Robertson Quay_ where the court found that there was no _factual
link_ between the additional interests claimed and the breach of contract
(_ie_ , it was not shown that the delay in construction had led to additional
interest (claimed by the appellant in that case as damages) actually being
incurred) to begin with, this is not the case here. The plaintiff has
certainly incurred the expenses as evidenced in the invoices which are
undisputedly for renovation works done at the Changi South premises, the move
to the Changi South premises and the renovations being necessitated by the
defendants’ breach. Indeed, the defendants are not contending otherwise.

37 However, as mentioned, the defendants’ main complaint here is that the
plaintiff did not call the various contractors to come to court to explain the
renovations works that were carried out, why certain items of work had to be
done and/or why such works were warranted. They took the view that the
plaintiff’s explanation of what works were carried out was simply not enough.
For instance, in respect of the invoices rendered by Qian Cheng, the
defendants complained as follows[note: 7]:

43\. The person behind Qian Cheng… , Mr David Tang, was not called as the
Plaintiff’s witness to justify his recommendations as well as to the nature
and extent of the works done.

…

45\. _Because Mr David Tang was not called as a witness, there is therefore no
direct evidence as to what was done, whether what was done was warranted in
the ordinary course of events_.

[emphasis added]

Similar assertions were made in respect of the other expenses in the
defendants’ written submissions as well as throughout the cross-examination of
the plaintiff.

38 Bearing in mind the guidelines laid down by Andrew Phang JA in _Robertson
Quay_ , I am of the view that the plaintiff by adducing the various quotations
and invoices, which showed clearly that the works listed there were for the
Changi South premises, has done his level best to adduce sufficient and cogent
evidence to prove his losses.

39 The defendants make a general unqualified assertion that the production of
quotations and invoices was insufficient and it was necessary to call the
contractors to explain these documents. Taken to its logical conclusion, it
would mean that in every assessment of damages where a quotation/invoice is
produced by a claimant to prove certain expense/loss he has incurred (and this
would be the case in most cases), the maker of the quotation/invoice has to
come to court to explain it. This would be most impractical especially if a
large number of quotations/invoices from different contractors are tendered.
In my view, there cannot be such a general requirement in law.

40 This is not to say that it would always be sufficient just to adduce
quotations/invoices to prove one’s alleged expenses/losses. As pointed out by
Andrew Phang JA in _Robertson Quay_ (at [27]), the process of proof of damage
is an “intensely factual one” (even more so than mitigation) and it would not
be possible to lay down any general rules or principles as to what would
constitute adequate proof of damage since the particular factual circumstances
of a case could take literally a myriad of forms. There are cases such as that
in _Robertson Quay_ where the adduction of invoices or receipts would be
insufficient when to begin with, there appears to be no factual link at all
between the damage claimed and the breach. There could also be a situation
where the quotation/invoice may call for some explanation such as where the
figures in the quotation/invoice may appear to be inflated or certain items
appear to be unusual or special, and in such a case, there may be a need to
call the maker of the quotation/invoice to court to explain the figures or why
the items were indeed necessary.

41 In the present case, it should be first borne in mind that the defendants
are not at all disputing the _admissibility_ of the quotations and invoices
tendered by the plaintiff. The works listed in the various quotations and
invoices did not appear to be unusual or special to suggest that they were
unconnected to the renovation of the Changi South premises for the purposes of
the plaintiff’s business. It is noteworthy that most of these
quotations/invoices were from the plaintiff’s regular contractors who had
undertaken similar works for the plaintiff in the past whenever he shifted
premises. As mentioned (at [31] above), the defendants pointed out that the
costs for certain works were higher (when compared to similar works done for
the two units at Mintwell Building) but for reasons given above (at [31]), I
have accepted the plaintiff’s explanation for the difference in costs. By
adducing the quotations and invoices for the various works done at the Changi
South premises, the plaintiff has satisfied the burden of proof of damage.

Conclusion

42 In conclusion, for the reasons above, I award the plaintiff the full sum of
$191,195.38 he claimed for the expenses he incurred for the renovation works
at the Changi South premises.

Expenses incurred for unit #03-02

43 The plaintiff also claimed a sum of $15,964 spent on renovating and fitting
unit #03-02 at Mintwell Building. The plaintiff, as mentioned, did not
commence operations at this unit.

44 According to the plaintiff, this claim in respect of unit #03-02 is a claim
for reliance damages and not expectation damages, unlike the rest of his
claims for damages[note: 8]. The plaintiff argued that the lease for unit
#03-02 was a separate contract and he was entitled to elect the basis of his
recovery. The defendants, on the other hand, argued that the plaintiff could
not claim for this amount because to claim for both expectation and reliance
damages at the same time would be double recovery. In support of their
argument, the defendants relied on the cases of _Cullinane v British “Rema”
Manufacturing Co Ld_ [1954] 1 QB 292 (“ _Cullinane_ ”) and _Hong Fok Realty
Pte Ltd v Bima Investment Pte Ltd_ [1992] 2 SLR(R) 834 (“ _Hong Fok Realty_
”).

45 Given that the plaintiff had incurred money to renovate unit #03-02 but
never had the chance to utilise it, it would appear intuitively that he should
be allowed to recover his wasted expenditure. However, there is merit in the
defendants’ argument. Notwithstanding the plaintiff’s point that there are two
leases and hence two contracts here, the plaintiff has claimed, and I have
already awarded him, the expenses incurred in relation to the Changi South
premises, which is a _replacement_ premises for _both_ units #01-02 and #03-02
at Mintwell Building. Together with the rest of the damages I am awarding
below, the plaintiff would be placed in a position he would have been in if
_both_ the contracts had been performed (having been awarded in this case, as
commonly said, the “costs of cure”). In other words, the plaintiff has
effectively claimed expectation damages in respect of the lease for unit
#03-02 as well. And if the contract had been performed, the plaintiff would
necessarily have to incur the $15,964 to renovate unit #03-02. Hence, it would
be wrong in principle to award the plaintiff the sum of $15,964 in addition to
the expenses for the Changi South premises. In this regard, the following
passage from _McGregor on Damages_ ([16]  _supra_) is instructive (at para
2-018):

It is important to note… that not only must the defendant be credited with the
amount that the claimant has saved by no longer having to perform his side of
the bargain, but _the claimant cannot also recover, in addition to the basic
loss which is intended to represent the loss of his bargain, any expenses he
has incurred in preparation or in part performance. Such expenses represent
part of the price that the claimant has to incur to secure his bargain_. If he
recovers for the loss of his bargain, it would be inconsistent that he should
in addition recover for expenses which were necessarily laid out by him for
its attainment. [emphasis added]

46 Thus, in _Cullinane_ , the English Court of Appeal rejected the plaintiff’s
claim insofar as it sought to recover both expectation and reliance damages.
Evershed MR, delivering the judgment of the court, said at 302:

It seems to me, as a matter of principle, that the full claim of damages in
the form in which it is pleaded was not sustainable, in so far as the
plaintiff sought to recover _both the whole of his original capital loss and
also the whole of the profit which he would have made_. I think that that is
really a self-evident proposition, because a claim for loss of profits could
only be founded upon the footing that the capital expenditure had been
incurred. [emphasis added]

47 There is no doubt that a claimant generally has a discretion to choose
between a claim for reliance damages or a claim for expectation damages unless
the defendant can show that the claimant has made a bad bargain and hence
should not be entitled to recover reliance damages (see _CCF Films (London)
Ltd v Impact Quadrant Films Ltd_ [1985] 1 QB 16). However, he cannot have both
for the same loss. The cases of _Cullinane_ (at 302–303 and 308) and _Hong Fok
Realty_ (at [60]–[62]) cited by the defendants also make it clear that it
would be wrong in principle to award a claimant both expectation and reliance
damages for the same loss.

48 In short, for the reasons above, I would disallow the plaintiff’s claim for
$15,964.

Labour costs

49 I turn now to the plaintiff’s claim for damages of $27,551.95 in respect of
the labour costs for himself and his staff that were incurred as a result of
the move. These are manhours for the period 18 November 2006 to 3 December
2006 where the move to the Changi South premises was carried out, and the
breakdown is as follows:

(a) $22,400 for the plaintiff himself for the over-time hours he spent doing
work for the move. This is based on an hourly rate of $200 and the plaintiff
claimed he had spent a total of 112 over-time hours on the move. According to
the plaintiff, the hourly rate of $200 is the rate that he charges his
customers. As evidence, he adduced four commercial invoices to his customers
which reflected his work time charges as $200 per hour[note: 9]. He explained
that he had to spend time to design and make plans for the machine layout and
to configure the machines subsequently at the Changi South premises.

(b) $5,151.95 for the plaintiff’s staff for work done for the move. The
plaintiff explained that this figure is made up of: (i) the over-time hours
spent on the move by his salaried employees during the shifting period; and
(ii) the hours spent by his contract workers purely for the move (a detailed
breakdown of the hours spent on the move by each of the plaintiff’s staff can
be found in a summary table exhibited at p 37 of the plaintiff’s supplementary
AEIC (“summary table”)). He also explained that for his salaried employees,
they are paid 1.5 times their basic hourly rate if they are required by him to
work over-time on a day that falls on Monday to Saturday, twice their basic
hourly rate if they are required to work by him on Sundays and their basic
hourly rate if they themselves request to work over-time[note: 10]. The
plaintiff further clarified that for his salaried employees who earn more than
$2,000 a month (and there are five of them), as a general rule, they are not
paid any over-time work they do in relation to the daily operations at
Euromal. However, as the work for the move was not part of their usual job
scope, they had to be compensated for the over-time work they put in. For
these salaried employees, they are simply paid their basic hourly rate for the
over-time hours spent on the move[note: 11]. As for the contract workers, they
are paid a standard fee of $5.64 per hour for working in the day and $5.91 per
hour for working at night[note: 12].

50 The plaintiff explained that the during the shifting period, the only
working day in which no operations took place at Euromal was the actual day of
the move itself, _ie_ , 23 November 2006, Thursday. However, as 23 November
2006 was a normal work day and his salaried employees and himself would be
remunerated for the normal work hours as part of their basic salaries, he is
not claiming for the hours that they spent on the move during office
hours[note: 13]. The plaintiff is also not claiming for the hours spent by the
salaried employees and himself on the move during office hours for the other
days during the shifting period as it would be difficult to separate exactly
how much time they spent on the daily operations from the time they spent on
the move during office hours on those days[note: 14].

51 The defendants do not take issue with the rates or the method of
calculation put forward by the plaintiff; their objection for this head of
damages is simply that the plaintiff has not proved these damages. In respect
of the manhours for the plaintiff himself, the defendants argued that there
was simply no evidence that because the plaintiff had spent time on the move,
he was deprived of the opportunity to service his customers as a professional
engineer. They also argued that the plaintiff, apart from a bare assertion,
has not adduced any evidence, such as drawings or sketch plans, to prove that
he had actually done work for the move as he has claimed. They pointed out
that ultimately there was simply no record of what the plaintiff did for the
112 hours. In respect of the other staff, though, _inter alia_ , punch cards
and their pay slips have been adduced by the plaintiff to prove that the staff
had worked over-time during the shifting period, the defendants argued that
there was nonetheless no evidence as to how they spent the time allegedly
spent on the move, given that the staff were not called by the plaintiff as
witnesses.

52 For the manhours claimed by the plaintiff for himself, I find that there
are merits in the defendants’ submissions. No doubt the plaintiff would have
to spend time on the move (would this not be so in all cases of breach, where
the claimant would arguably have to expend time (which could have been spent
elsewhere either for work or leisure) to deal with the inconveniences or
problems created by the defendant’s breach), but it does not appear to me that
he has actually suffered a pecuniary loss as a result. Notwithstanding the
fact that the plaintiff charges his customers $200 per hour for work done, it
should be borne in mind that the plaintiff’s own evidence is that he has not
lost any business nor suffered any loss of profits because of the eviction or
move. He stated in his supplementary AEIC that he had managed to fulfil all
his orders despite the inconveniences caused by the eviction and the move to
Changi South premises[note: 15]. That is also why the plaintiff is not
claiming for any loss of profits. There was no evidence that those 112 hours
he allegedly spent on the move would have been spent servicing clients; in
fact, the evidence I just pointed out would suggest the contrary. More
importantly, I agree with the defendants that there was simply no evidence
save for the plaintiff’s own bare assertion that he had spent the 112 hours on
the move. Unlike his staff, the plaintiff does not have a punch card that
records his work hours. The plaintiff has not adduced any other records or any
plans or drawings that he had allegedly spent time coming up with for the move
to substantiate his claim. I would therefore disallow the plaintiff’s claim
for $22,400.

53 Turning to the manhours for the staff, punch cards, pay slips and invoices
paid to the company who supplied the contract workers have been adduced to
prove that the staff had to work over-time during the shifting period and such
additional labour costs were incurred. The defendants, however, submitted that
there was still no evidence on whether the staff in fact spent those hours on
the move, especially since they were not called to give evidence. They
contended that this claim was put in merely to inflate the plaintiff’s claim.
I disagree as it could be inferred from the punch cards as well as the summary
table that the over-time hours were for the shifting period and that the bulk
of the hours (especially for the contract workers) were for 23 November 2006,
the actual day of the move. The plaintiff has taken the trouble to explain
carefully how the figures were arrived at and how, in fairness, he had
excluded those office hours spent by the salaried employees on the move to
claim only the over-time hours. I am satisfied that the plaintiff has done
enough to prove that he has to pay his salaried employees for the over-time
hours spent on the move, as well as for the hours spent by his contract
workers on the move. I disagree with the defendants that there is a need to
call all 22 staff (salaried and contract) to court to give evidence.

54 There is one more minor objection I should deal with for the manhours
claimed by the plaintiff for his staff. It came up during cross-examination
that the plaintiff has yet to pay all the staff the extra salaries they earned
for the move. The plaintiff explained that he had reached an agreement with
his staff whereby the latter agreed that they would be paid after the
plaintiff’s claim against the defendants is concluded in court. In this
regard, the defendants submitted in their written submissions that the
“alleged cost of the manhours has not even crystallised”[note: 16]. I do not
see this as a hurdle for the plaintiff. The plaintiff has clarified in his
written submissions that it is only the plaintiff and the five salaried
employees who have yet to been paid[note: 17]. The bottomline is that the
staff are _entitled_ to the over-time pay. As the plaintiff stated in his
submissions, “[t]he obligation to pay exists”[note: 18] and it is only “a
function of timing and not of the obligation to pay”[note: 19]. The plaintiff
is entitled to recover damages for the unpaid salaries _owed_ to the salaried
employees. I will therefore allow the claim of $5,151.95.

Legal costs

55 The last head of damages claimed by the plaintiff is legal costs incurred
for the following matters:

(a) $15,099.91 incurred for contesting the eviction; and

(b) $2,091.29 incurred for the title searches/conveyancing fees for the Tai
Seng premises and the Changi South premises.

56 The defendants’ objection to the first set of legal costs of $15,099.91 is
rather peculiar. Unlike the second set of legal costs, the defendants did not
contest that this sum is too remote but that the plaintiff should have taxed
the invoice of his solicitors for the costs of $15,099.91[note: 20]. In
support of this contention, the defendants made reference to the cases of
_Great Western Railway Company v Fisher_ [1905] 1 Ch 316, _Butterworth v
Kingsway Motors_ [1954] 1 WLR 1286 and _British Racing Drivers Club Ltd v
Hextall Erskine & Co_ [1996] 3 All ER 667. In respect of the second set of
legal costs, they took the position that the plaintiff ought not recover costs
in respect of legal work done in relation to the Tai Seng premises given that
such a loss was too remote to be recovered as “it [was] not reasonably
foreseeable that the [p]laintiff [would] incur more than 1 tranche of legal
fees in his search for alternative premises”[note: 21].

57 For the first set of legal costs for contesting the eviction, I find that
the defendants’ argument is misconceived and the cases cited are
distinguishable and unhelpful. In fact, the defendants’ written submissions
appear to conflate different principles. Essentially, what the defendants have
done is to refer to English cases where a claimant had sought to recover costs
he incurred in previous proceedings as damages in the current proceedings
against a defendant in two situations, namely:

(a) where the claimant had been _successful_ in the previous action and had
recovered costs from the unsuccessful party, and he now sought to recover the
shortfall between the actual costs incurred and the costs awarded from the
defendant whose wrong had been the cause of the previous action; and

(b) where the claimant had been _unsuccessful_ in the previous action and had
to pay costs to the successful party and his own costs, and he now sought to
recover both sets of costs from the defendant whose wrong had been the cause
of the previous action.

58 The positions in the United Kingdom for both situations prior to and after
1986 are different given the change to the costs regime made in 1986 to move
from necessary costs to reasonable costs (see generally _McGregor on Damages_
([16]  _supra_) at paras 17-003 to 17-019). Without differentiating the two
situations and citing cases pre and post 1986, the defendants referred to
these cases as supporting the proposition that only taxed costs can be
recovered (and hence my remark about conflating the different principles in
their submissions). Without going into the details of these cases and the law
(and the position in England for situation (b) post 1986 appears to be open
and unsettled (see _McGregor on Damages_ at para 17-009)), it would be clear
that the present case does not quite fall under either situation. The
plaintiff is not strictly speaking a party in SUM 3453/2006 or OS 1106/2002
but had merely intervened at the hearing for the execution of the writ of
possession by OCBC. Although he was unsuccessful in resisting the eviction, he
did not have to pay the costs for OCBC; in fact, he was awarded $1,000 costs
(payable by the defendants) by the Assistant Registrar. On this ground alone,
it would be sufficient for me to dismiss the defendants’ argument.

59 In my view, it would have be within the contemplation of the parties (from
a contract’s perspective) and/or reasonably foreseeable (from a tort’s
perspective) (see [61]–[74] below for the tests of remoteness for contract and
tort) in this case that the plaintiff would have to incur legal fees to
contest the eviction as a result of the defendants’ breach, and the defendants
are not contending otherwise at least in respect of this set of legal costs.
The plaintiff should thus be allowed to recover the legal costs he incurred
for contesting the eviction. However, the damages awarded for this set of
legal costs should rightly take into account the $1,000 the plaintiff was
awarded as costs at the hearing of SUM 3453/2006. As such, I will award the
plaintiff the sum of $14,099.91 ($15,099.91 - $1,000).

Remoteness of damage

60 I turn now to consider the issue of remoteness in relation to the second
set of legal costs.

61 As reaffirmed by the Court of Appeal in _Robertson Quay_ ([16]  _supra_),
the test of remoteness for contract in Singapore is the famous and hallowed
rule laid down by Alderson B in _Hadley v Baxendale_ (1854) 9 Exch 341 at 354
(“the rule in _Hadley_ ”), as restated by Asquith LJ in _Victoria Laundry
(Windsor) Ld v Newman Industries Ld_ [1949] 2 KB 528. The test is premised on
the criterion of “reasonable contemplation” of the parties and comprises of
two limbs – damages under the first limb are known as “ordinary damages” which
flow naturally from a breach of contract and damages under the second limb are
known as “extraordinary damage”, which do not flow naturally from a breach of
contract, but rather are due to special circumstances (_Robertson Quay_ at
[59]; see also [81]–[82]):

… the criterion of “reasonable contemplation” applies to both limbs of the
rule in _Hadley_ , although a difference exists between its application with
respect to each of the two limbs. For the first limb of _Hadley_ , the horizon
of contemplation is confined to loss which arises naturally in the usual
course of things and which is therefore presumed to have been within the
contemplation of the parties. For the second limb of the rule in _Hadley_ … ,
by reason of the special knowledge possessed by the party who breaches the
contract… , the horizon of contemplation is extended to loss that does not
arise in the usual course of things (see _The Heron II_ at 415–416).

62 The rationality and functionality of the rule in _Hadley_ was also given
elucidation by Andrew Phang JA in _Robertson Quay_ , who gave two main reasons
for the rule. First, he explained that the rule in _Hadley_ served as a useful
distinction between the rules and principles relating to remoteness in the law
of contract and those in tort (_Robertson Quay_ at [71]). Secondly, and more
importantly, the rule in _Hadley_ “most appropriately” described the rules
relating to remoteness in the context of the law of contract (_id_ at [74]),
having regard to the concept that the law of contract, put simply, is about
agreement (_id_ at [75]). He explained that save for instances where the
contractual parties have made provision for remedies and damages in the event
of breach by including a liquidated damages clause in their contract, the
parties would not have fixed in advance the type as well as the amount of
monetary loss recoverable. The courts would thus have to formulate “default
rules” of universal application as to what would be recoverable and what would
be too remote to be recoverable, bearing in mind that the parties had the
opportunity to communicate with each other in advance and the need to preserve
the sanctity of contract (_id_ at [76]–[79]). The two limbs in the rule in
_Hadley_ thus provided such default rules that were both just and fair.

63 Shortly after _Robertson Quay_ was decided by the Singapore Court of
Appeal, the House of Lords reconsidered the rules of remoteness for contract
in _Transfield Shipping Inc v Mercator Shipping Inc_ [2009] 1 AC 61 (“ _The
Achilleas_ ”) and appeared to favour a shift from the orthodox approach
premised on the reasonable contemplation of the contracting parties (as
embodied in the rule in _Hadley_) to one premised on the assumption of
responsibility, _ie_ , a contractual party is only liable for such losses that
he has assumed responsibility. Such a view was put forward most strongly by
Lord Hoffmann who held at [12]:

_It seems to me logical to found liability for damages upon the intention of
the parties (objectively ascertained) because all contractual liability is
voluntarily undertaken_. It must be in principle wrong to hold someone liable
for risks for which the people entering into such a contract in their
particular market, would not reasonably be considered to have undertaken.
[emphasis added]

64 _The Achilleas_ was a case involving a claim by the owners of a vessel for
loss of profits against a charterer for the _entire_ duration of a follow-on
charter caused by the late redelivery of the vessel. The owners had fixed the
follow-on charter at a lucrative rate. Due to the delay in redelivery by the
charterer, they had to reduce the rate in consideration of an extension of the
cancellation date in the follow-on charter and in the light of a sudden fall
in the market rate. The majority of the arbitrators awarded the loss of
profits claimed on the basis that such loss arose naturally from the breach of
contract, despite having found that there was a general understanding in the
shipping market that a charterer would only be liable for damages for the
_period of late delivery_. The arbitrators’ decision was upheld by both the
first instance judge and the Court of Appeal but was reversed by the House of
Lords. Lord Hoffmann held that, if one considered what the parties,
contracting against the background of market expectations found by the
arbitrators, would have considered the extent of the liability they were
undertaking, it would be clear that the charterer could not have assumed
responsibility for such loss of profits on the follow-on charter (_The
Achilleas_ at [23]).

65 It would appear that the approach based on the assumption of responsibility
would be a more stringent approach, given that a claimant would not recover,
even for losses that were not unlikely to occur in the usual course of things,
if the defendant cannot reasonably be regarded as having assumed
responsibility for losses of the kind suffered (_Chitty on Contracts_ (H G
Beale gen ed) (Sweet & Maxwell, 30th Ed, 2008) (“ _Chitty_ ”) in vol 1 at para
26-100A).

66 Interestingly, the difference in approach taken by our Court of Appeal in
_Robertson Quay_ and the House of Lords in _The Achilleas_ were considered
recently in the local context by AR Teo Guan Siew in _Chee Peng Kwan v Toh
Swee Hwee Thomas_ [2009] SGHC 141 (“ _Chee Peng Kwan_ ”) and Goh Yihan in a
case commentary on _Robertson Quay_ (see (2009) 9 OUCLJ 101 (“Goh’s
commentary”)). Both, in my view, provided invaluable insight on this issue. In
his judgment (at [38]–[39]), AR Teo pointed out that the fundamental
difference between the two approaches is essentially a point of principle –
the Court of Appeal saw the rule of remoteness as an _external_ rule of law
imposed upon the parties to every contract in default of express provision to
the contrary, while the House of Lords saw the rule of remoteness as a _prima
facie_ assumption about what the parties may be taken to have intended to
assume responsibility for, but rebuttable in cases where the context and
circumstances show that a party would not reasonably have been regarded as
assuming responsibility for such losses (see also _The Achilleas_ at [9] _per_
Lord Hoffmann). Goh opined that, on a closer examination, the two approaches
may not be that different if the Court of Appeal’s approach is seen as
providing default rules applicable in the absence of agreement, _accompanied_
by an _implicit_ allocation of risk and responsibility (see Goh’s commentary
at pp 105–106). However, he was of the view there were still “practical
differences in how [the] conceptual understanding [of remoteness principles]
is to be given effect” (Goh’s commentary at p 107). In this regard, he said
(at p 107):

While the Court of Appeal uses allocation of risk and responsibility as a
justification for the rule in _Hadley v Baxendale_ , it is not imported as a
requirement. Indeed, the mere requirement of knowledge (actual or imputed),
and the equation of knowledge with liability, would mean that the
justificatory reason of agreement is imputed instead of actual. There is no
need for actual agreement, even implied, to bear such loss. On the other hand,
the approach of Lord Hoffmann and Lord Hope in _The Achilleas_ is to bring the
justification to bear in terms of the requirement; what needs to be
objectively ascertained is whether there is really assumption of
responsibility for the type of loss in question by the contracting parties.

67 Leaving aside the difference in principle between the two, it would not be
wrong to say that at the heart of both approaches is still the ultimate desire
to provide for the recoverability of damages for breach of contract in a way
that gives the _best_ effect to the concept of a contract as an _agreement_.
We have seen the emphasis placed by Lord Hoffmann on discerning the intention
of the parties so as to determine effectively the losses the parties have
_agreed_ to undertake for their breach (see [63] above). Likewise, Andrew
Phang JA made it clear that the rule in _Hadley_ should continue to be applied
by the courts because “the two limbs of the rule in _Hadley_ are wholly
consistent with – and, in fact, give effect to – the concept of contract as an
_agreement_ ” (_Robertson Quay_ ([16]  _supra_) at [83]). On a practical note,
it would be more likely than not that both approaches will lead to the same
outcome in most cases. The losses which are within the reasonable
contemplation of the parties will most probable than not coincide with the
losses that the parties can be taken to have assumed responsibility on an
_objective_ assessment of their intention (in Lord Hoffmann’s own words, the
parties’ intention is to be “ _objectively_ ascertained” [emphasis added] (see
[63] above)). Lord Hoffmann himself had in fact stressed that departure from
the orthodox rule based on individual circumstances will be unusual (_The
Achilleas_ ([63] _supra_) at [11]; see also Edwin Peel, “Remoteness Revisited”
(2009) 125 LQR 6 (“Peel”) at p 9). Thus, even on the facts of _The Achilleas_
, Lord Hoffmann opined that the same outcome could perhaps have been reached
on the orthodox approach, contrary to what the arbitrators, the first instance
judge and the Court of Appeal had thought (at [24]):

The findings of the majority arbitrators shows that they considered their
decision to be contrary to what would have been the expectations of the
parties, but dictated by the rules in _Hadley v Baxendale_ as explained in
_The Heron II_ [1969] 1 AC 350 . _But in my opinion these rules are not so
inflexible; they are intended to give effect to the presumed intentions of the
parties and not to contradict them_. [emphasis added]

Likewise, Lord Walker of Gestingthorpe allowed the appeal on grounds that were
reminiscent of both approaches (see _The Achilleas_ at [69], [86] and [87]).
Two other members of the House, Lord Rodger of Earlsferry and Baroness Hale of
Richmond (who agreed with Lord Rodger’s reasons), in fact decided on the
orthodox approach (see _The Achilleas_ at [52], [60] and [93]). Given that the
two approaches can be said to share a common ultimate aim and the likelihood
of similar outcomes in most cases, it could perhaps be said that the two are
not wholly irreconcilable (a point similarly shared by Goh), though admittedly
the point of principle as pointed out by AR Teo remains.

68 Turning then to this more difficult question of principle, should the rule
of remoteness be seen as an external rule of law or an assumption of
responsibility? The former, in my view, would appear to accord more to the
_realities_ of the contracting process. It would not be wrong to say that for
contracts where there is an absence of express provisions providing for breach
and/or remedies, the parties usually do not apply their minds during the
formation of the contract to what is to happen in the event of a breach and
what kind of losses the party in breach should be liable (see _McGregor on
Damages_ ([16]  _supra_) at para 6-171 and Andrew Robertson, “The Basis of the
Remoteness Rule in Contract” (2008) 28 Legal Studies 172 (“Robertson”) at p
176 where it is cogently argued that parties usually contemplate performance
rather than breach). For if they have done so, they would in the ordinary
course of things have made express provisions for such event in their
contract. It has thus been observed that discerning the intention of the
parties under the assumption of risk approach may be an _artificial_ exercise
since there would usually be little or no evidence of the parties having
thought about the risks they were accepting (Peel at p 11 and _Chee Peng Kwan_
at [36]; see also Robertson at pp 185–186 and 196). It follows that there are
limits to the extent that it is feasible to determine liability by reference
to an assumption of responsibility, and such an approach may engender more
uncertainties than a simple rule that the party in breach is liable for all
losses that are sufficiently likely to occur in the usual course of things, or
whose likelihood has been brought home to him when the contract was made,
unless he has validly excluded or restricted his liability (see _Chitty_ at
para 26-100G and _McGregor on Damages_ at para 6-171).

69 The assumption of responsibility approach which gives primacy to the
intention of parties may also not be entirely consonant with the accepted
concept that the rule of remoteness is essentially one of _policy_. As pointed
by VK Rajah JA in _Sunny Metal & Engineering Pte Ltd v Ng Khim Ming Eric_
[2007] 3 SLR 782 (“ _Sunny Metal (CA)_ ”) (at [51] and [56]), the rule of
remoteness “[embodies] legal principles strictly founded upon reasons of
policy”, where legal policy and accepted value judgment must be the “final
arbiter” on what is the right balance to strike between a claimant’s right to
full compensation and indeterminate liability for a defendant (see also
_McGregor on Damages_ at paras 4-023, 6-080 and 6-155, Edwin Peel, _Treitel on
the Law of Contract_ (Sweet & Maxwell, 12th Ed, 2007) at para 20-082 and _Chee
Peng Kwan_ at [40]). From a policy perspective, it may be questionable why the
courts should provide additional protection to defendants in _all_ cases by
imposing a higher threshold in insisting that a defendant should only be
liable for losses that he could be said to have reasonably assumed
responsibility (see also [65] above). As noted by Lord Reid in _The Heron II_
([16]  _supra_) (at 385–386) and Andrew Phang JA in _Robertson Quay_ (at [71]
and [75]–[76]), parties in a contract case, unlike those in tort, have the
opportunity to direct each other’s attention to the unusual risks and either
can take extra precautions to safeguard his position. Leaving aside the more
unusual cases like _The Achilleas_ , why should the courts provide additional
protection in most other cases then (see _Chitty_ at para 26-100G)?

70 Lastly, it should perhaps be noted that insofar as the approach of
assumption of responsibility is concerned, the House of Lords in _The
Achilleas_ does not appear to be unanimous on this point. Lord Hoffmann and
Lord Hope of Craighead were the only two in favour of the assumption of
responsibility approach and decided on that basis. As pointed out, Lord Walker
seemed to have decided on grounds embodying both approaches, while Lord Rodger
and Baroness Hale simply decided on the orthodox approach and declined to
express any firm views on Lord Hoffmann’s approach. It is thus not surprising
that the learned authors of _McGregor on Damages_ have argued that that view
of Lord Hoffmann and Lord Hope did not command a clear majority so as to make
it into the _ratio decidendi_ of _The Achilleas_ (at para 6-173). The
assumption of responsibility approach also appears to run precariously close
to the implied term approach that was previously rejected by the House of
Lords in _The Heron II_ (at 422 _per_ Lord UpJohn). What then can one make of
the decision of the House of Lords in _The Achilleas_? In the recent case of
_Supershield Limited v Siemens Building Technologies Fe Limited_ [2010] EWCA
Civ 7, Lord Justice Toulson, delivering the judgment of the English Court of
Appeal, had this to say about the effect of _The Achilleas_ on the law of
remoteness in contract (at [43]):

Hadley v Baxendale remains a standard rule but it has been rationalised on the
basis that it reflects the expectation to be imputed to the parties in the
ordinary case, i.e. that a contract breaker should ordinarily be liable to the
other party for damage resulting from his breach if, but only if, at the time
of making the contract a reasonable person in his shoes would have had damage
of that kind in mind as not unlikely to result from a breach. However,
…Transfield Shipping [ie, _The Achilleas_] [is] authority that there may be
cases where the court, on examining the contract and the commercial
background, decides that the standard approach would not reflect the
expectation or intention reasonably to be imputed to the parties. In those two
instances the effect was exclusionary; the contract breaker was held not to be
liable for loss which resulted from its breach although some loss of the kind
was not unlikely. But logically the same principle may have an inclusionary
effect. If, on the proper analysis of the contract against its commercial
background, the loss was within the scope of the duty, it cannot be regarded
as too remote, even if it would not have occurred in ordinary circumstances.
[emphasis added]

Similarly, the learned authors of _Chitty_ ([65] _supra_) are also in favour
of confining _The Achilleas_ to only exceptional circumstances (see para
26-100G). All that can be safely said for now is that it remains to be seen if
the assumption of responsibility would become the governing rule for
remoteness in contract in the United Kingdom.

71 Insofar as Singapore is concerned, the law since _Robertson Quay_ has been
settled, albeit the Court of Appeal has yet to have the opportunity to
consider the case of _The Achilleas_.

72 Turning now to the test of remoteness in tort, the test is simply one based
on reasonable foreseeability (see in particular the classic Privy Council
decision of _Overseas Tankship (UK) Ltd v Morts Dock & Engineering Co Ltd (The
Wagon Mound)_ [1961] 1 AC 388, _Ho Soo Fong v Standard Chartered Bank_ [2007]
2 SLR 181 at [39] and _Sunny Metal (CA)_ at [56]).

73 As alluded to above (at [16]), the test in tort is broader than that in
contract. The difference between the two tests has been explained in _Sunny
Metal (HC)_ ([16]  _supra_) at [138] (although the decision of the High Court
was reversed, this point was not disapproved by the Court of Appeal):

It is clear that, _ceteris paribus_ , the _tortious_ principles of remoteness
are _broader_ than the corresponding _contractual_ principles. Indeed, it
would conduce towards more clarity if the phrase “reasonable _foreseeablity_ ”
was utilised to describe the _tortious_ principles of remoteness, and the
phrase “reasonable _contemplation_ ” was utilised to describe the
_contractual_ principles of remoteness. Put simply, the tortious principles of
remoteness are broader and more “generous” simply because, apart from
situations where there is _concurrent_ liability in both tort and contract, a
situation involving tortuous liability would relate to parties who have had
_no prior relationship with each other_. This is, of course, in _stark
contrast_ to a situation involving _contractual_ liability where there would,
_ex hypothesi_ , be an existing (contractual) relationship between the
parties. In such a situation, the parties would be expected to provide for any
reasonable contingencies that might be expected to arise. In any event, it
would be easier to _infer_ what the parties might have provided even if no
express term covered the contingency concerned (for example, a term could
possibly be _implied_ either “in fact” or “in law”). It is only logical and
commonsensical, therefore, that _stricter_ rules and principles of remoteness
obtain in the contractual – as opposed to the tortious – sphere. [emphasis in
original]

74 It has been held by the High Court that where there is concurrent liability
in both contract and tort that arises out of legal duties owed in both
contract and tort, the stricter rules and principles of remoteness in contract
ought to prevail (_Sunny Metal (HC)_ at [139]–[140]). The present case does
not strictly concern concurrent liability/duties as that envisaged by the High
Court in _Sunny Metal (HC)_ , given that there are two separate judgments
here, one in contract against Mintwell and the other in tort against Mintwell
and Seah (and the latter is for misrepresentation). However, it can be safely
said that if the stricter test of remoteness in contract is satisfied in this
case, then the lower test of remoteness in tort should also be satisfied given
that both judgments arose out of the same facts. The same, however, cannot be
said for the converse situation. Given the difference in the tests between
remoteness in contract and tort, it is plausible that there may be a situation
where a certain loss is too remote to be recovered under the judgment in
contract, but not so under the judgment in tort. Fortunately, I am of the view
that no such situation arises in the present case (for the reasons given
below). In any event, I also note that the parties appear to be in agreement
that the rules of remoteness in contract should govern and they have submitted
on that basis with no reference to the rules in tort[note: 22]. I turn now to
the application of the law to the facts.

75 Generally, courts have allowed a claimant to recover legal costs incurred
as a result of a defendant’s breach, be it in contract or tort (see generally
_McGregor on Damages_ ([16]  _supra_) at paras 2-031 and 2-053). The cases
cited by the defendants in respect of the legal costs of contesting the
eviction (though distinguishable) (see [56] above) also show that legal costs
incurred by a claimant in an earlier proceedings brought about by a
defendant’s breach may be recoverable in law as damages.

76 Turning to the second set of legal costs of $2,091.29, I am of the view
that the legal costs incurred on the Changi South premises are recoverable
under the first limb of the rule in _Hadley_. It would have been within the
reasonable contemplation of both parties that the plaintiff would in the
ordinary course of things have to incur another set of conveyancing fees if he
had to give up the premises at Mintwell Building prematurely and to take up
alternative premises for his business. Such damage would have flowed naturally
from the defendants’ breach. I note that the defendants have themselves
acknowledged that such costs would not be too remote to be recoverable, having
taken the position that the plaintiff is entitled to one tranche of legal fees
in his search for alternative premises (see [56] above).

77 However, the same cannot be said for the legal costs incurred for the Tai
Seng premises. I do not think it would have been within the contemplation of
the parties that the plaintiff would actually incur more than one set of legal
fees for title search/conveyancing. When they entered into the leases, neither
party could have reasonably thought that the breach in the present case would
have entitled the plaintiff to run checks on all alternative premises that he
considered but has yet to make up his mind whether to take up or not and to
recover all legal costs incurred in the process. Such legal costs would be too
remote to be recoverable under the first limb of the rule in _Hadley_. There
are also no special circumstances that would justify the application of the
second limb of the rule in _Hadley_ in this case. The plaintiff should
therefore recover no more than one set of legal costs for the alternative
premises. Leaving aside disbursements, I note that the invoice rendered by the
plaintiff’s solicitors unfortunately do not show the breakdown of the legal
costs incurred in respect of the Tai Seng premises and the Changi South
premises but only a general figure of $1,700 (without GST) for work done in
relation to both premises[note: 23]. In these premises, I would only award the
plaintiff half the amount claimed, _ie_ , $1,045.65.

Conclusion

78 For all the reasons above, I award the plaintiff a total of $211,492.89 in
damages, and the breakdown is as follows:

(a) $191,195.38 for expenses incurred for renovation works at the Changi South
premises;

(b) $5,151.95 for labour costs for the plaintiff’s staff incurred in relation
to the move to the Changi South premises;

(c) $14,099.91 for legal costs incurred for contesting the eviction in SUM
3453/2006; and

(d) $1,045.65 for the title search/conveyancing fees for the lease of the
Changi South premises.

79 I will hear the parties on the question of interest and costs.

* * *

[note: 1]See the defendants’ written submissions at paras 6–11.

[note: 2]Defendants’ written submissions at para 24.

[note: 3]Defendants’ written submissions at para 25.

[note: 4]Defendants’ written submissions at paras 28–31.

[note: 5]See the plaintiff’s written submissions at para 65.

[note: 6]Defendants’ written submissions at para 33.

[note: 7]Defendants’ written submissions at paras 43–45.

[note: 8]Plaintiff’s written submissions at paras 12 and 14.

[note: 9]Plaintiff’s supplementary affidavit of evidence-in-chief (“AEIC”) at
pp 62–66.

[note: 10]Plaintiff’s supplementary AEIC at para 21.

[note: 11]Plaintiff’s supplementary AEIC at para 20.

[note: 12]Plaintiff’s supplementary AEIC at para 23.

[note: 13]Plaintiff’s supplementary AEIC at para 13.

[note: 14]Plaintiff’s supplementary AEIC at para 17.

[note: 15]Plaintiff’s supplementary AEIC at para 13.

[note: 16]Defendants’ written submissions at para 98.

[note: 17]Plaintiff’s written submissions at paras 118–119.

[note: 18]Plaintiff’s written submissions at para 118.

[note: 19]Plaintiff’s written submissions at para 119.

[note: 20]Defendants’ written submissions at para 116.

[note: 21]Defendants’ written submissions at para 124.

[note: 22]See the plaintiff’s written submissions at para 19 and the
defendants’ written submissions at para 123.

[note: 23]See the plaintiff’s AEIC at p 87.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 29 Jan 2010 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

