Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Ang Hai San Henry _v_ Ang Bee Lin Elizabeth and another  
[2010] SGHC 353

Case Number| :| Suit No 848 of 2009  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 06 December 2010  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Philip Pillai J  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Chelva Retnam Rajah SC, Imran H Khwaja, Guy Ghazali,
Zareen Islam (Tan Rajah and Cheah) for the plaintiff; Martin Francis Decruz
(Shenton Law Practice LLP) for the defendants.  
Parties| :|  Ang Hai San Henry — Ang Bee Lin Elizabeth and another  
  
6 December 2010| Judgment reserved.  
---|---  
  
Philip Pillai J:

Introduction

1 The plaintiff, Henry Ang Hai San, brings this suit against the defendants,
Ang Bee Lin Elizabeth (“Elizabeth Ang”) and Andrew Ang Soon Chye (“Andrew
Ang”) for a declaration that:

(a)

The plaintiff is the sole beneficial owner of No 68 Jalan Naung Singapore
537730 (“the Property”); and

(b)

that Elizabeth Ang and Andrew Ang are trustees of the Property.

The plaintiff also seeks an order that the defendants are to convey the
Property to him absolutely forthwith, and an injunction to restrain them from
disposing of the Property except as ordered by the court. In these
proceedings, only Elizabeth Ang entered an appearance. Andrew Ang did not
enter an appearance.

Background facts

2 The plaintiff is the elder brother of Elizabeth Ang and Andrew Ang. Their
parents were married in 1943. Around 1951, their father moved away from the
family and lived with various mistresses thereafter. In or about 1967, their
father lived in a rented property with a mistress (the “Mistress”) and the
three children she bore him. At about the same time, the plaintiff began
shouldering the burden of the sole breadwinner, providing for his younger
siblings and their mother, Chia Lye Neo. In 1975, their father retired at the
age of 55 and became entitled to withdraw his Central Provident Fund (“CPF”)
savings. It is not disputed that in 1975, their father made a $27,000
contribution from his CPF savings towards the purchase price of the Property,
which was eventually registered in the name of their mother. The Property was
purchased on 7 April 1976 at the price of $69,000. It is undisputed that their
father and the Mistress lived at the Property while their mother lived at a
separate rented property with several of her children.

3 Their father died on 3 April 1999, and their mother died intestate on 17
October 2002. Their mother left ten surviving children. Elizabeth Ang and
Andrew Ang are the administrators of their mother’s estate under letters of
administration dated 27 September 2004 and extracted on 10 December 2008.

The disputed facts

4 The only factual dispute between the plaintiff and Elizabeth Ang in this
action turns on who had paid the purchase price of the Property. The plaintiff
claims that their father had entered into an arrangement with him as follows:

(a)

the plaintiff would pay for the purchase price of the property;

(b)

to assist the plaintiff, their father would contribute $30,000 towards the
purchase from his CPF savings;

(c)

the plaintiff would pay the rental of the rented property at which their
mother and his siblings lived, which continued to be their father’s
responsibility;

(d)

their father and the Mistress would live in the Property rent-free for as long
as their father wished; and

(e)

the plaintiff would pay the outgoings such as property tax and insurance
relating to the Property.

5 The plaintiff’s evidence is that before the Property was purchased, their
mother learnt about this planned arrangement and was very upset. In order to
placate their mother, he registered the Property in her name. The plaintiff
produced evidence to show that he had provided for the payments to purchase
the Property as follows:

(a)

a cheque bearing number P081479 dated 3 January 1976 for $2,000 paid to and
acknowledged by the vendor;

(b)

a cheque bearing number CBb30737 dated 3 February 1976 for $10,000 to the
plaintiff’s solicitor for the purchase;

(c)

$27,000 from the father’s CPF savings, paid to the plaintiff’s solicitors for
the purchase; and

(d)

a $30,000 loan from Credit POSB Pte Ltd.

The plaintiff gave evidence that the cheques in (a) and (b) above were issued
by him, and the moneys were paid out from his bank account. It was his
evidence that the loan stated above in (d) was secured by a mortgage over the
Property, with their mother named as the sole mortgagor. The plaintiff was the
guarantor and the person who had borne the burden of all the instalment loan
repayments. The plaintiff paid the instalment loan repayments by way of
cheques directly to Credit POSB Pte Ltd and cheque and cash deposits into his
mother’s POSB Account No 23-XXXXX-X (“mother’s POSB Account”), which was held
jointly with another one of her sons, Philip Ang Chin Chye. Their mother’s
POSB Account was used for making the instalment loan repayments. In support of
this, the plaintiff annexed to his affidavit extracts from his mother’s POSB
Account passbook and copies of cheques which stated the mother as payee from
1976 until 1986. His mother’s POSB Account passbook reveals that a total
amount of $4,000 in cash was deposited into her POSB Account in 1976. Between
1977 and 1986, a total of $3,588.35 was deposited by the plaintiff into her
POSB Account. The plaintiff avers that he had deposited the $4,000 into her
POSB Account in 1976. The copies of cheques were self-explanatory in that they
show that the plaintiff had written various cheques to her between 1976 and
1986, paying her a total of $43,415.62. The plaintiff avers that these
payments were made for the purpose of repaying the loan and interest taken out
for the purchase of the Property.

6 Elizabeth Ang’s pleaded case is a straightforward one. She denies that their
father had made the purported arrangement with the plaintiff as described
above, at [4]. She avers that on 3 October 1975, their father had called and
told her over the telephone that he had withdrawn his CPF savings of more than
$30,000.00 upon reaching the age of 55. He had told her that he wanted to
distribute to each of his children a portion of his withdrawn CPF savings. She
had then advised him against doing that and that he should purchase a property
with his CPF savings instead. She avers that their father agreed with her and
that when she asked him in whose name it was to be registered, he had replied
“put your mother’s name lah! Put whose name? [_sic_]”. She also avers that the
plaintiff had never mentioned to her the existence of any purported
arrangement between himself and their father prior to these proceedings.

My decision

7 I turn to consider the pivotal issue of whether a resulting trust arises
with respect to the Property given the facts before me. If there is on the
evidence before me a resulting trust in favour of the plaintiff, then the
Property would not form part of their mother’s estate. In _Lau Siew Kim v Yeo
Guan Chye Terence_ [2008] 2 SLR(R) 108 (“ _Lau Siew Kim_ ”), the Singapore
Court of Appeal recognised that:

34 Resulting trusts are presumed to arise in two sets of circumstances. These
circumstances were appositely summarised by Lord Browne-Wilkinson in
[_Westdeutsche Landesbank Girozentrale v Islington London Borough Council_
[1996] AC 669] at 708 as follows:

Under existing law a resulting trust arises in two sets of circumstances: (A)
where A makes a voluntary payment to B or pays (wholly or in part) for the
purchase of property which is vested either in B alone or in the joint names
of A and B, there is a presumption that A did not intend to make a gift to B:
the money or property is held on trust for A (if he is the sole provider of
the money) or in the case of a joint purchase by A and B in shares
proportionate to their contributions. It is important to stress that this is
only a _presumption_ , which presumption is easily rebutted either by the
counter-presumption of advancement or by direct evidence of A’s intention to
make an outright transfer … (B) Where A transfers property to B _on express
trusts_ , but the trusts declared do not exhaust the whole beneficial interest
… Both types of resulting trust are traditionally regarded as examples of
trusts giving effect to the common intention of the parties. A resulting trust
is not imposed by law against the intentions of the trustee (as is a
constructive trust) but gives effect to his presumed intention.

[emphasis in original]

8 We are here concerned with the implication of resulting trust of type (A)
above. The presumption of a resulting trust is an “ _inference_ or even an
_estimate_ as to what a party’s intention is likely to be, based on certain
assumptions arising from a set of given facts”: _Lau Siew Kim_ at [37]. The
usual inference in a situation where one person pays for the purchase of a
property registered in the name of another, is that the first person did _not_
intend to make an absolute gift to the second person, unless they fall into
certain established categories of relationships out of which a presumption of
advancement arises to displace the presumption of resulting trust. I also
refer to _Lau Siew Kim_ at [57] where V K Rajah JA, who delivered the judgment
of the Court of Appeal, stated that:

... We are of the view that a two-stage test remains helpful and, indeed,
necessary. The court must first determine if the presumption of resulting
trust arises on the facts; and it is _only_ if a resulting trust is presumed
that the presumption of advancement would apply to displace that initial
presumption. In addition, it should also be noted that the actual _effect_ of
the presumptions of resulting trust and advancement relates to the _burden of
proof_ in the particular case. ...

[emphasis in original]

Where it has been proven that a child has paid for the purchase of property in
the name of his mother or father, the only presumption which arises is that of
a resulting trust. This is because equity does not readily presume that
children generally intend to make gifts to their parents.

9 Thus, relying on the above authorities, I need only consider whether the
presumption of resulting trust arises in the plaintiff’s favour on the facts
of this case, and if so, whether Elizabeth Ang has rebutted the presumption on
a balance of probabilities. I am satisfied that in the light of objective
evidence such as the extracts from the mother’s POSB Account passbook and the
cheques which the plaintiff had written in favour of their mother(see [5]
above), the plaintiff has proven, on a balance of probabilities, that he had
paid for the purchase of the property which was in her name. Thus, the
presumption of resulting trust operates in favour of the plaintiff. If the
presumption of resulting trust is unrebutted, the Property would not form part
of the mother’s estate. I am of the view that Elizabeth Ang has not rebutted
the presumption of resulting trust. I appreciate that the burden which rests
on her is not easily discharged given that their father has since died and her
main contention is that their father had paid for the purchase price of the
Property. The evidence clearly indicates that their father had given the
plaintiff S$30,000 towards the purchase price of the Property. It was the
plaintiff who was the guarantor to the bank loan and who made all the loan and
interest repayments as well as paid the other payables in respect of the
Property. Elizabeth Ang has not been able to adduce any corroborating evidence
of her telephone conversation with their father, quite apart from whether it
was and remained his intention at the time of the purchase of the Property.
Elizabeth Ang further relies on her recollection of the plaintiff having
sought the mother’s permission to sell the Property as evidence that the
plaintiff could not have been the sole beneficial owner of the Property. Even
if I were to accept this, it does not follow that this evinces what she
asserts. As the Property was registered in the mother’s name, her agreement to
such sale and signature on the relevant sale documents would be necessary and
this could account for the reason he sought her approval. Elizabeth Ang’s
account of their mother’s suspicions of the plaintiff’s proposal to sell the
Property has no direct bearing on the question of their father’s true
intentions _at the time of the purchase of the property_. Therefore, I find
that Elizabeth Ang has failed to rebut the presumption of a resulting trust in
favour of the plaintiff.

10 I turn now to consider whether the contribution of S$30,000 towards the
purchase price of the Property by the plaintiff’s father had any bearing on
the resulting trust which I find ought to be declared in favour of the
plaintiff. I am of the view that although $27,000 out of the purchase price of
$69,000 originated from the father’s CPF savings, the plaintiff has discharged
his burden of proving on a balance of probabilities, that (a) his father had
promised to give him $30,000 in exchange for allowing the father and his
mistress to stay rent-free at the Property; (b) the plaintiff would pay for
the Property’s outgoings; and (c) the plaintiff would pay for the rental of
his mother’s accommodation. It was in the light of this agreement between the
plaintiff and his father that the plaintiff’s father had given the entire
amount of $30,000 to the plaintiff. Therefore, I find that the $30,000
belonged to the plaintiff and was applied towards the purchase of the
Property.

Conclusion

11 Given my findings, I grant the following:

(a)

a declaration that the plaintiff is the sole beneficial owner of the Property;

(b)

a declaration that the Property does not form part of their mother’s estate;
and

(c)

an order that Elizabeth Ang and Andrew Ang are to convey the legal title of
the Property to the plaintiff absolutely within six weeks.

12 Costs to be agreed or taxed are to be paid from the mother’s estate to the
plaintiff. In the event that there are no sufficient or remaining funds in the
mother’s estate to meet these costs, such costs to be paid by Elizabeth Ang to
the plaintiff.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 06 Dec 2010 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

