Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Front Row Investment Holdings (Singapore) Pte Ltd _v_ Daimler South East
Asia Pte Ltd  
[2010] SGHC 80

Case Number| :| Originating Summons No 1126 of 2009  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 15 March 2010  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Andrew Ang J  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Sundaresh Menon SC and Tammy Low (Rajah & Tann LLP)for
the plaintiff; Ravindran Chelliah and Sally Kiang (Chelliah & Kiang) for the
defendant.  
Parties| :|  Front Row Investment Holdings (Singapore) Pte Ltd — Daimler South
East Asia Pte Ltd  
  
15 March 2010|  
---|---  
  
Andrew Ang J:

Introduction

1 This was an application by Front Row Investment Holdings (Singapore) Pte Ltd
(“Front Row”) for an order to set aside part of an award dated 3 July 2009
(“the Award”) of the arbitrator (“the Arbitrator”) in an arbitration involving
Daimler South East Asia Pte Ltd (“Daimler”) as claimant, and Front Row as
respondent. The part of the Award sought to be set aside was in respect of
Front Row’s counterclaim.

2 The ground upon which the application was founded was that the Arbitrator
had breached the rule of natural justice expressed in the Latin maxim _audi
alteram partem_. In particular, the Arbitrator had inexplicably concluded that
Front Row relied upon only one of three misrepresentations when there was no
basis on which he could have concluded that Front Row had abandoned reliance
on the rest.

3 Section 48(1)(_a_)(vii) of the Arbitration Act (Cap 10, 2002 Rev Ed) (“the
Act”) provides that an arbitral award may be set aside by the High Court if:

a breach of the rules of natural justice occurred in connection with the
making of the award by which the rights of any party have been prejudiced; …

The threshold which an applicant under s 48(1)(_a_)(vii) has to surmount is
high. It is particularly so in the present case, given the undoubted calibre
and experience of the Arbitrator. Nevertheless, after hearing the parties’
submissions and in the absence of any serious attempt by Daimler’s counsel to
explain away the Arbitrator’s apparent misapprehension, I allowed Front Row’s
application. I now give my reasons.

Background

The parties

4 Front Row is a company incorporated in Singapore. It was set up specifically
for a joint venture with Daimler. Daimler is also a company incorporated in
Singapore. It was previously known as DaimlerChrysler South East Asia Ltd.

The facts

5 Front Row and Daimler were parties to an agreement dated 15 September 2005
(“the Agreement”) by which they agreed jointly to organise and run a series of
races across South East Asia using 35 specially built light-weight Mercedes-
AMG SLK 55 cars. This series of races was to be called the “Asian Cup Series”.
Under the Agreement, Front Row was responsible for financing the venture
whilst Daimler was responsible for organising the Asian Cup Series. As part of
Daimler’s obligation to organise the Asian Cup Series, it was to second one of
its employees, Mr Thomas Buehler (“Buehler”), to Front Row to act as its
general manager.

6 The background to and terms of the joint venture were reflected in two key
documents:

(a) A pre-contractual powerpoint presentation titled “Daimler Chrysler Project
Asian Cup”, dated 6 July 2005, which Buehler sent to Front Row’s chief
executive officer, Mr Daniel Prager (“Prager”), on 26 July 2005. This
presentation was a “Concept/Feasibility Study” of the joint venture; and

(b) The Agreement, the key terms of which included the following
paragraphs[note: 1]:

4\. The first activity will be the _AMG-Mercedes South East Asian Cup Series_
(hereinafter referred to as “South East Asian Cup Series”. … in which it is
envisioned that _the partnership would organise up to 20 races per year for
two years. Each race weekend would hold two races at the elected location_. …

5\. It is agreed that _Front Row will be the legal entity used to conduct the
South East Asian Cup Series_. …

6\. It is agreed that _Front Row or related companies will provide all
financing_ for the venture _including the initial purchase of the 35 SLK 55
specially prepared event cars_ … _Front Row will also purchase 2 new Mercedes
AMG E55 cars_ from a related company at cost price. These cars to be used
exclusively for promotional and day to day business of running the South East
Asian Cup Series. _As with the SLK 55s they will be sold at the end of the two
year Series_.

…

8\. [_Daimler_] _will cross-invoice Front Row in respect of Thomas Buehler’s
salary package_ and _Thomas Buehler will devote regularly 100% of his time and
effort to the running and organisation of the Asian Cup Series_. …

9\. It is further agreed that [_Daimler_] _will not be required to introduce
any financing for this venture_ and that all the financial risk will be
absorbed by Front Row. …

…

10\. … It is anticipated that the 35 SLK’s will be sold at the end of the two
year period say April 2008 at between 30,000€ and 40,000€ each, the 2 E55 to
be sold at market value.

…

13\. _All branding, promotion will be conducted exclusively by [Daimler]_.
[_Daimler’s_] interest will be handled on a day to day basis by Thomas Buehler
and Wolfgang Huppenbauer. The main board of Front Row will NOT discuss any
[Asian Cup] matters. …

[emphasis added]

7 From the foregoing, it is clear that Front Row’s obligations under the
Agreement were to:

(a) purchase the cars as specified by Daimler and manufactured by Mercedes-AMG
GmbH, a company related to Daimler; and

(b) provide the working capital required to fund the running of the Asian Cup
Series.

On the other hand, Daimler’s obligations under the same were to:

(a) organise, brand and promote the Asian Cup Series;

(b) organise up to 20 races per year for two years with each race weekend
holding two races; and

(c) ensure that Buehler will devote 100% of his time and effort to the running
and organisation of the Asian Cup Series.

The Agreement also provided that all disputes between Front Row and Daimler
arising out of or in connection with the Agreement should be settled in
Singapore by a single arbitrator applying the Rules of Conciliation and
Arbitration of the International Chamber of Commerce (“the ICC Rules”).

8 Front Row duly purchased the said 35 SLK 55 cars which were specially built
for the racing series. However, according to Front Row, Daimler failed to keep
its side of the bargain. There was practically no organisation, branding or
promotion on Daimler’s part. Daimler only organised three races and none of
the races had sufficient participation. The number of participants fell
steadily from 15 in the first race, which was half the expected number, to six
in the second, and five in the third. In respect of the three failed races,
Front Row suffered a total loss of $40,586.53.

9 According to Front Row, following the failure of the third race, it became
apparent to Front Row that the Asian Cup Series was not going to be a success.
Consequently, Front Row’s director and shareholder, Mr Yeo Wee Koon (“Yeo”),
tried to make the best of the situation by suggesting that Front Row stage a
supporting event for the A1 Grand Prix in March 2007 using the SLK 55 cars.
However, he was informed by Mercedes-AMG via a letter on 27 March 2007 (“the
Letter”) that that was not possible as the SLK 55 cars had not been made for
actual racing. They had been developed only for use in “driving training
programmes … which [did] not involve the cars competing against each other”.

10 Shortly after Front Row received the Letter, Buehler stopped working for
Front Row. In June 2008, Front Row attempted to sell the cars back to
Mercedes-AMG but without success. Front Row was also unable to find any buyer
for the cars as they were usable neither on normal roads nor as race cars.

11 On 22 February 2008, Daimler commenced arbitration proceedings against
Front Row, claiming $610,506.06 from Front Row for the sums invoiced as
Buehler’s salary under the Agreement (“the Arbitration”). In the Arbitration,
Front Row denied liability for the same and asserted, as set out in the Terms
of Reference, that Daimler:

… [had] not fulfilled its contractual duties; specifically its duties to
_organize [sic], brand and promote the AMG-Mercedes South East Asia Cup
Series_ ; failed to make any or any reasonable efforts to organise up to 20
races per year for two years with each race weekend holding two races and
failed to ensure that Thomas Buehler devoted 100% of his time and effort to
the running and organisation of the Asian Cup Series. [emphasis added]

12 Front Row also brought the counterclaim, based on misrepresentation,
against Daimler contending that:

… in order to induce [Front Row] to enter into the Agreement [Daimler] had
promised and/or represented and/or is legally responsible for the
_representations that_ the SLK AMG cars were appropriate for, had been
specially designed and adapted and would be permitted for use in non
professional racing to be conducted under the South East Asian Cup Series
competitive events, and that _20 races would be organised as the AMG-Mercedes
South East Asian Cup Series. Contrary to their promise and/or representation,
[Daimler] organised only 3 races_ and the SLK AMG cars were not appropriate
for racing or competitive events. Alternatively, [Daimler was] legally
responsible for the consequences of the representations that were false and
negligently made and induced [Front Row] to enter into the Agreement.
[emphasis added]

13 Both Daimler’s claim and Front Row’s counterclaim were dismissed by the
Arbitrator. In respect of the latter, the Arbitrator noted at para 33 of the
Award that Front Row had formulated its counterclaim in the following manner,
which he adopted: Whether [Front Row] was induced to enter into the Agreement
by one or more representations made by or on behalf of [Daimler].

14 The Arbitrator then found, at paras 55 and 56 of the Award, that by the
time Front Row’s case closed, its case had narrowed to just one
representation, which was that:

55\. … the event cars could be used for racing, and that this
misrepresentation turned out to be false when Mercedes indicated that ‘actual
racing’ was not permitted.

56\. _[Front Row] had_ **_ceased to rely_** _on a number of the points
pleaded_ , in particular on _[Daimler’s]_**_alleged failure to organise 20
races_** or the absence of FIA homologation for the event cars. _Thus, having
asserted that it was induced to enter into the Agreement by reason of_**
_several misrepresentations_** _, [Front Row] ended up asserting inducement
from a_** _single_** _alleged misrepresentation_.

[emphasis added in italics and bold italics]

15 Following his finding that Front Row’s case of misrepresentation had
narrowed to just one representation, he took the view, at para 61 of the
Award, that the “race-worthiness” of the SLK 55 cars was the “key question” in
the arbitration before him:

_The key question was ultimately whether the letter from Mercedes was directed
at a departure from the Series, or effectively prohibited what had gone on
before_. …

16 The answer to this question was dependent on the meaning and effect of the
Letter. The Arbitrator found, at para 67 of the Award, that Mercedes had only
indicated that professional racing (_ie_ , the type of racing which required
the racing cars to have FIA homologation) and not _all_ racing (including the
type which had taken place in the three races organised as part of the Asian
Cup Series) was prohibited. Since Daimler’s representation to Front Row was
only that the SLK 55 cars could be used for some form of racing, and not any
“professional racing”, the Arbitrator found that Daimler had not been shown to
have induced Front Row to enter into the Agreement by any false
representation. Accordingly, Front Row failed in its counterclaim.

17 Dissatisfied with the outcome of the arbitration, Front Row filed this
originating summons on 1 October 2009 and prayed for the following orders,
_inter alia_ :

(a) that the part of the Award dealing with Front Row’s counterclaim be set
aside as a whole or to the extent as may be determined by this court; and

(b) that that part of the Award so set aside be tried afresh by a newly
appointed Arbitrator.

18 Front Row did not challenge the merits of the Arbitrator’s decision
concerning the race-worthiness of the SLK 55 cars as that course of action was
not open to it. Instead, Front Row based its application to this court on the
Arbitrator’s finding that in the end Front Row was asserting inducement from a
_single_ misrepresentation. It said that the question whether the Letter was
directed at a departure from the Asian Cup Series or effectively prohibited
what had gone on in the three previous races was _not_ the only question which
had been placed before the Arbitrator for his determination. According to
Front Row, it had not abandoned the ground in the counterclaim, that it had
relied on Daimler’s representation, _inter alia_ , that the latter would
organise, brand and promote the Asian Cup Series. Accordingly, in reaching his
decision under the erroneous impression that Front Row had abandoned such
ground, the Arbitrator had breached a principle of natural justice as he would
then not have considered the merits of Front Row’s submissions and arguments
made in relation thereto.

19 As stated earlier, Daimler did not make any serious attempt to explain away
the Arbitrator’s apparent misapprehension. Dr Rudiger Friedrich Ackermann (“Dr
Ackermann”), Daimler’s attorney before the Arbitrator, tried to defend the
Arbitrator’s finding by pointing to oral submissions made by Front Row’s
counsel which had focused entirely on the Letter (see Dr Ackermann’s affidavit
filed on 26 October 2009, at paras 34 and 57). However, it was explained by Ms
Sunita Sonya Parhar, Front Row’s solicitor before the Arbitrator that the oral
submissions focused entirely on the Letter only because Front Row was
addressing specific questions which the Arbitrator had posed to both parties
during the oral hearing held on 20 February 2009 (see paras 5 to 9 of Ms
Sunita Sonya Parhar’s affidavit filed on 9 November 2009). To that explanation
there was no effective rebuttal. Before me, Daimler’s counsel made no further
mention of this argument. Neither did Daimler’s counsel challenge Front Row’s
legal submissions on the effect of the Arbitrator’s failure to consider Front
Row’s submissions with regard to the representations which the Arbitrator
concluded had been abandoned. His counter, rather, was that the
representations alleged to have been made in fact formed no part of Front
Row’s claim under misrepresentation. This will be dealt with in greater detail
below.

The issues

20 In order to establish that a breach of natural justice had occurred such
that the Award may be set aside, Front Row had to satisfy the test set out by
Choo Han Teck J in _John Holland Pty Ltd v Toyo Engineering Corp (Japan)_
[2001] 1 SLR(R) 443 and affirmed by the Court of Appeal in _Soh Beng Tee & Co
Pte Ltd v Fairmount Development Pte Ltd_ [2007] 3 SLR(R) 86 (“ _Soh Beng Tee_
”). At [29] of _Soh Beng Tee_ , the Court of Appeal said:

It has been rightly held in _John Holland Pty Ltd v Toyo Engineering Corp
(Japan) [2001] 1 SLR(R) 443_ (‘ _John Holland_ ’), at [18], that a party
challenging an arbitration award as having contravened the rules of natural
justice must establish: **_(a) which rule of natural justice was breached; (b)
how it was breached; (c) in what way the breach was connected to the making of
the award; and (d) how the breach prejudiced its rights_**. … [emphasis added
in bold italics]

21 In summary, the outcome of Front Row’s application turned on five issues:

(a) Whether Front Row had, in its counterclaim against Daimler, pleaded
Daimler’s representation that it would support Front Row in organising,
branding and promoting the Asian Cup Series and, in particular, that it would
organise 20 races over ten weekends per annum with 30 cars;

(b) Whether, in the course of the arbitration proceedings, Front Row had
ceased to rely on the same;

(c) Whether the Arbitrator’s failure to consider the same amounted to a breach
of a principle of natural justice. (This involved a consideration of two sub-
issues, namely, (i) which principle of natural justice had been breached; and
(ii) how the Arbitrator breached this principle);

(d) Whether the Arbitrator’s breach was connected to the making of the Award;
and

(e) Whether the Arbitrator’s breach prejudiced Front Row’s rights.

The alleged representations

22 At para 22 of its submissions before this court, Front Row relied on Yeo’s
affidavit which stated that the decision to enter into the joint venture with
Daimler was founded, _inter alia_ , on three main representations Daimler made
in the Concept/Feasibility Study and the Agreement. Paragraph 76 of Yeo’s
affidavit provided as follows:

a.First, that the Asian Cup Series was to be a _race_ series;

b.Second, that the 35 specially prepared event cars had been specially
developed, adapted and were appropriate for and would be used in the races
conducted under the Asian Cup Series; and

c.Third, that Daimler would give [Front Row] its full backing and support in
marketing, promoting and organising the Asian Cup Series, and in particular,
that it would organise 20 races over 10 weekends per annum with 30 cars [‘the
Representation’].

[emphasis added]

The only representation relevant for our consideration is that referred to in
sub-para (c) (hereafter referred to as “the Representation”). Although the
Representation was described by Yeo in terms set out in sub-para (c) above,
references in the ReRe-Amended Answer and Counterclaim to her Representation
were more specifically to the latter part of the Representation, _viz_ , the
organisation of 20 races. However, references to the Representation as a whole
were subsequently made in Front Row’s opening and closing submissions.

Front Row’s counterclaim against Daimler was founded, _inter alia_ , on the
Representation

23 Daimler argued that the Representation did not form part of Front Row’s
claim for misrepresentation at all. It relied on paras 11 to 13 and 24 of
Front Row’s ReRe-Amended Answer and Counterclaim for its contention that there
was no allegation by Front Row that Daimler had made the Representation; the
requirement that Daimler organise, brand and promote the Asian Cup Series only
appeared in relation to Front Row’s defence for its alleged breach of the
Agreement (see [11] above); it did not form any part of its counterclaim.

24 It must be said that the ReRe-Amended Answer and Counterclaim could have
been better drafted. Nevertheless, on a close scrutiny of the ReRe-Amended
Answer and Counterclaim, I was of the view that Daimler’s argument was not
tenable. The pleadings in the Answer in paras 10 to 13, which are set out
below, clearly included the Representation:

10. |  In the course of the pre-contract negotiations that culminated in the Agreement, the Claimants submitted to the Respondents a concept/feasibility study prepared _by or on behalf_ of the Claimants entitled _‘Daimler Chrysler_ Project Asian Cup’ that provided an overview of the proposed Race Series.  
---|---  
|  … _Further, Mr Domingos Piedade,_ **_Wolfgang Huppenbaur and Thomas
Buehler_** _acting for and on behalf of the Claimants and Mercedes Benz AMG
GmbH met with representatives of the Respondents, specifically, Mr K. P. Yeo
and/or Mr Jack Yeo_ :  
|  (a) |  _In June or July 2004, at the office of Mercedes Benz AMG GmbH_ ;  
|  (b) |  _In September 2004_ **_both_** _at_ **_and after_** _the Shanghai Grand Prix_ ;  
|  (c) |  _In July 2005 prior to the finalisation of the Agreement;_  
|  (d) |  _On a number of further occasions in between June or July 2004 and July 2005_.  
|  __On each occasion but specifically in July 2005, in the presentation
entitled ‘Project Asian Cup’, the Claimants made the representations
identified in the Counterclaim__.  
11. |  _In order to induce the Respondents to enter into the Agreement, the Claimants made and/or are legally responsible for the consequences of the following representations_ in the said concept/feasibility study _and at the meeting(s) identified above_ :  
|  (a) |  _The Claimants would organise 20 races over 10 weekends per annum with 30 cars;_  
|  (b) |  The cars being sold to the Respondents were event cars which had been ~~would be~~ specially designed _and adapted_ Mercedes-Benz SLK light AMG;  
|  (c) |  The _specially designed and adapted cars were_~~Mercedes Benz SLK light AMG would be~~ appropriate ~~for~~ and would be permitted for ~~and~~ use~~d for~~ in races _and racing_ to be conducted under the South East Asian Cup Series;  
|  (d) |  There would be a chance of incorporating the South East Asian Cup Series into the new F1 contract with Allsport.  
12. |  _The Respondents were thereby and in reliance on the representations made by the Claimants, induced to enter into the Agreement_.  
13. |  _In reliance of the representations made by the Claimants and in performance of their obligations under the Agreement, the Respondents_ :  
|  (a) |  purchased the requisite 35 specially-prepared SLK 55 AMGs (the ‘Vehicles’) from the Claimants’ related entity, Mercedes-AMG GmbH, at the aggregate price of €3,168,900.00 and transported them to Singapore;  
|  (b) |  purchase the requisite 2 E55 AMGs;  
|  (c) |  incurred fees for warehousing the 35 SLK 55s;  
|  (d) |  leased and renovated premises to house the cars and parts and leased the existing workshop facilities and administration offices;  
|  (e) |  purchased spare parts for the 35 SLK 55 cars;  
|  (f) |  purchased insurance for the races;  
|  (g) |  expanded costs on marketing;  
|  (h) |  paid the cost involved in organising 3 races in 2006;  
|  (i) |  paid the expenses of Thomas Buehler;  
|  (j) |  employed Joseph Tan Lay Jun to work specifically on the South East Asian Cup Series;  
|  (k) |  paid for the 35 SLK 55 cars to be inspected and certified as off-road race cars.  
  
  

[emphasis in original in bold and underlined; emphasis added in italics]

At para 26 of the same, Front Row had averred (albeit with reference to the
Agreement) that Daimler’s obligations under the Agreement were precisely to
organise and promote the Asian Cup Series, as mentioned at [7] above:

… contrary to [Daimler’s] obligations, assurances and assertions under the
Agreement, [Daimlers] failed to _make any or any reasonable efforts to
organise up to 20 races per year for two years with each race weekend holding
two races_ … [emphasis in original]

25 Further, at para 28 of the ReRe-Amended Answer and Counterclaim, under the
heading “Counterclaim”, Front Row pleaded:

By way of Counterclaim, [Front Row] _repeat_[_s_] _paragraphs 1 to 26 above_.
[emphasis added]

It then stated explicitly in the next paragraph that Daimler’s
misrepresentations and breaches of the Agreement were the cause of its loss,
and thus the basis of its counterclaim. Paragraph 29 averred as follows:

[Front Row avers] that _by reason of [Daimler’s] misrepresentations_ and
breach of the Agreement _in not performing their obligations and not
promoting, organizing_ [_sic_]_, initiating, staging or otherwise bringing
about the AMG-Mercedes South East Asian Cup Series_ , [Front Row has] suffered
loss. [emphasis added]

26 Whilst it might be argued that the words “in not performing their
obligations and not promoting, organizing, initiating, staging or otherwise
bringing about the AMG-Mercedes South East Asian Cup Series” were in
amplification of the breach of the Agreement rather than in reference to
Daimler’s misrepresentation, it could be inferred from paras 28 and 29 of the
ReRe-Amended Answer and Counterclaim that Front Row not only regarded
Daimler’s breach of obligation to organise, brand and promote the Asian Cup
Series as a defence against Daimler’s claim for breach of the Agreement; it
also treated Daimler’s misrepresentation as to its intention to undertake
particular actions (in particular to organise and promote the Asian Cup
Series) as a ground for its counterclaim. Why else would Front Row repeat
paras 1 to 26 under the counterclaim? I was also guided by the Terms of
Reference agreed upon by both parties and by Front Row’s opening and closing
submissions during the arbitration proceedings. The Terms of Reference
provided at page 4 that:

... [Daimler] in order to induce [Front Row] to enter into the Agreement had
promised and/or represented and/or is _legally responsible for the
representations that … 20 races would be organised as the AMG-Mercedes South
East Asian Cup Series. Contrary to their promise and/or representation_ ,
[_Daimler_] _organised only 3 races_ and the SLK AMG cars were not appropriate
for racing or competitive events. Alternatively, [Daimler was] legally
responsible for the consequences of the representations that were false and
negligently made and induced [Front Row] to enter into the Agreement.
[emphasis added]

27 Front Row’s outline opening submissions were also replete with references
to the promotion and organisation of the Cup Series (see paras 1, 9 and 10).
At para 14.a of the same, Front Row explicitly stated that two sets of
disputes had arisen between itself and Daimler, the first being in relation to
the question:

_whether [Daimler] induced [Front Row] to enter into the Agreement_
specifically by virtue of _misrepresentations_ that:

i. [Daimler] would be organising and promoting a Cup Series which involved at
its core a series of up to 20 races over 10 week-ends over a two year period
for gentleman racing; …

[emphasis added]

This was reiterated at para 15 of the same:

[Front Row] further addresses the same issues as set out in 14.a. above as
contractual breach _as well as misrepresentation_. [emphasis added]

Later at para 78 of the same, Front Row emphasised that the fundamental basis
of its claim in misrepresentation lay in the representations made by Daimler
to Front Row, which were eventually found in the Concept/Feasibility Study and
the Agreement:

78\. The fundamental basis of [Front Row’s] claim in misrepresentation has
already been outlined above. Nevertheless in relation to each of these
elements it is convenient to refer to the guiding legal principles.

a. The representations relied upon by [Front Row] in its Re Amended Defence
and Counterclaim at paragraphs 10 and 11 are largely founded in the written
presentation referred to above and in many cases reconfirmed in the Agreement
itself. … [Front Row] in particular relies upon:

i. the representation made as to the core concept of the Cup Series; namely _a
series of gentleman races to be held at grand prix tracks on up to 10 race
week-ends with two races per week end_ ; …

[emphasis added]

28 In its written closing submissions, Front Row then reiterated its position
that Daimler had made representations that it would organise, brand and
promote the Asian Cup Series. Under the heading “Brief Summary of the Story”,
Front Row submitted that:

10\. Daimler together with Front Row would _organise_ and _Daimler would
promote a race series which consisted of up to 10 race week-ends with two
races per week-end. … Daimler further represented and undertook that it would
promote the South East Asian Cup Series from its existing customer database_.

…

12\. Jack Yeo relied upon the representations and the core concept of the
Series as explained to him. As far as he was concerned it was key that the
South East Asia [_sic_] Cup Series was a race series and _would be promoted by
Daimler through its customer base_. The combination to him was key to the
financial sense of the Agreement.

…

15\. … there is no evidence at all that Daimler kept their side of the bargain
_by promoting the series with its customer base_.

[emphasis added]

Subsequently, under the heading “Issue A – Misrepresentation” of Front Row’s
written closing submissions, Front Row repeated the representations which it
relied on:

(**_a_**) **_Representations of Fact Made to Front Row”_**

…

24\. The key representations are found in this document [_ie_ the pre-
contractual Concept/Feasibility Study]. [Daimler] was presenting the core
concept; namely that Daimler would be _organising and promoting a race series
with specially adapted AMG SLK 55 race cars_ which would then be used in the
races:

…

g. Daimler would provide marketing support through its extensive network of
dealers in South East Asia and its market performance _centres_. …

…

(**_c_**) **_Inducement_**

50\. Mr Yeo was induced to enter into the Agreement on the strength of
[Daimler’s] representations. Mr Yeo’s evidence is that if it was not for the
core representations that … [Daimler] would _support and promote the race
series through Daimler’s customer base he would not have entered into the
Agreement_. …

…

(**_e_**) **_Front Row Has Suffered Loss as a Result_**

…

97\. … Daimler has on more than one occasion stressed that under the Agreement
Front Row assumed the risk of an insufficient number of participants. There
was indeed an insufficient number of participants. But this was _in relation
to an Agreement procured by a misrepresentation as to the nature of the
bargain_ – it was missold to Front Row as a race series which would then be
_promoted by Daimler with its customer base_. Front Row is entitled to the
return of the monies expended under a contract induced by misrepresentation.
Daimler essentially bears this financial risk in the event that it turns out
that Daimler _procured the Agreement by a misrepresentation_.

[emphasis added in italics]

29 Considering Front Row’s ReRe-Amended Answer and Counterclaim and its
opening and closing submissions in their totality, it was clear to me that
Front Row’s claim for misrepresentation was founded on the Representation,
_inter alia_. Indeed, the Arbitrator himself referred to the Representation in
the Award, albeit in the context of finding that Front Row had ceased to rely
on this representation in its case of misrepresentation against Daimler. Under
the heading “Misrepresentation Issue” at para 56 of the Award, the Arbitrator
said:

[Front Row] had ceased to rely on a number of points pleaded, in particular on
[Daimler’s] alleged failure to organise 20 races … Thus, having asserted that
it was induced to enter into the Agreement by reason of several
misrepresentations, the Respondent ended up asserting inducement from a single
alleged misrepresentation.

From para 56 of the Award, it can be seen that the Arbitrator accepted that
Front Row did plead that Daimler had represented that it would organise 20
races, that this representation was one of the grounds which Front Row had
relied upon in its claim for misrepresentation, and that Front Row had ceased
to rely on the same. Also, I noted that this representation that Daimler would
organise 20 races was part of what organising, branding and promoting
entailed. What the Arbitrator dealt with in the Award was more the specific
than the general. Accordingly, I was of the view that Daimler could not argue
that the Representation did not form any part of Front Row’s counterclaim and
was relied upon only in Front Row’s defence against Daimler’s claim for
Buehler’s salary.

The arbitrator breached a fundamental principle of natural justice which
requires him to give parties a fair hearing

30 Section 48(1)(_a_)(vii) of the Act provides that the High Court may set
aside an arbitral award where:

a breach of the rules of natural justice occurred in connection with the
making of the award by which the rights of any party have been prejudiced.

There are two fundamental principles of natural justice. These are reflected
in the maxims _nemo judex in causa sua_ and _audi alteram parterm_ , which
were explained by the Court of Appeal in _Soh Beng Tee_ (at [20]  _supra_) at
[43]:

In _Gas & Fuel Corporation of Victoria v Wood Hall Ltd & Leonard Pipeline
Contractors Ltd_ [1978] VR 385 at 396, Marks J helpfully distilled the essence
of the two pillars of natural justice in the following terms:

The first is that an adjudicator must be disinterested and unbiased. This is
expressed in the Latin maxim – the _nemo judex in causa sua_. **_The second
principle is that the parties must be given adequate notice and opportunity to
be heard. This in turn is expressed in the familiar Latin maxim – audi alteram
partem_** _. In considering the evidence in this case, it is important to bear
in mind that each of the two principles may be said to have sub-branches or
amplifications. One amplification of the first rule is that justice must not
only be done but appear to be done;_ (Lord Hewart, C.J. in _R. v Sussex
Justices; ex parte McCarthy_ , [1924] 1 K.B. 256 at p 259; [1923] All E.R.
Rep. 233). **_Sub-branches of the second principle are that each party must be
given a fair hearing and a fair opportunity to present its case. Transcending
both principles are the notions of fairness and judgment only after a full and
fair hearing given to all parties_**.

[emphasis in original in italics; emphasis added in bold italics]

31 In _Pacific Recreation Pte Ltd v SY Technology Inc_ [2008] 2 SLR(R) 491,
the Court of Appeal held that a court or tribunal would be in breach of
natural justice if it decided a case on a basis not raised or contemplated by
the parties, since the affected party would have been deprived of its
opportunity to be heard or to address the issues upon which the case was
decided: at [30]. The corollary is plainly also true – that a court or
tribunal will be in breach of natural justice if in the course of reaching its
decision, it disregarded the submissions and arguments made by the parties on
the issues (without considering the merits thereof). Otherwise, the
requirement to comply with the maxim _audi alteram partem_ would be hollow and
futile, satisfied by the mere formality of allowing a party to say whatever it
wanted without the tribunal having to address or even understand and consider
whatever had been said.

32 As the Court of Appeal noted in _Soh Beng Tee_ ([20]  _supra_) at [65(a)]:

Parties to arbitration have, in general, a right to be heard effectively on
every issue that may be relevant to the resolution of a dispute. …

33 This principle is reflected in the decision of the High Court in _Koh Bros
Building and Civil Engineering Contractor Pte Ltd v Scotts Development
(Saraca) Pte Ltd_ [2002] 2 SLR(R) 1063 at [47], namely, that the basic duty of
an arbitrator is to listen to both sides of the argument and give each side an
opportunity to submit on all relevant points.

34 In that case, the applicant contractors had applied to the arbitrator for
an interim award of the sum claimed. The developers objected on the ground of
_res judicata_ and the arbitrator agreed to hear their preliminary objections
on that ground to the application for an interim award. At the hearing, the
developer’s counsel objected additionally to the application for an interim
award on the basis that the matter was not an appropriate one for summary
disposal. Counsel for the contractors quite rightly did not address the
additional ground at the hearing but focussed on the issue of _res judicata_
since that had been the only issue for which the hearing had been convened.
However, the arbitrator evidently agreed with the submissions of the
developer’s counsel on the latter ground for, after the hearing, the
arbitrator wrote to the parties to notify them that he did not consider it
appropriate to hear the application for an interim award. The contractor filed
a motion to remove the arbitrator on the basis of his misconduct pursuant to s
17(1) of the Arbitration Act (Cap 10, 1985 Ed) (since repealed).

35 Judith Prakash J agreed (at [44]) with the submission that the arbitrator
had acted inappropriately because he:

… came to a decision on a point without giving the contractors the opportunity
of putting forward submissions and evidence on that point.

Prakash J ruled (at [45]) that there had been a breach of natural justice
because the arbitrator had:

(a) gone beyond the boundaries of the reference he had stipulated for the
hearing on the application for an interim award;

(b) failed to indicate clearly during the course of the hearing that he was
considering making a decision on the basis of the submission on the additional
ground which had not been addressed by the contractors; and

(c) failed to afford parties an opportunity to address him on the facts of the
case so that he could consider them in determining whether the issues could be
dealt with summarily.

The failure to allow a party to address the tribunal on a key issue is the
corollary to allowing the submission but then ignoring it altogether whether
deliberately or otherwise. In both cases, the mischief is precisely the same:
a party is denied the opportunity to address its position to the judicial
mind. As Front Row’s counsel posed rhetorically at para 37 of its submissions:

If the award of an arbitrator who admittedly fails to consider a vital
argument is nonetheless immune from challenge, then is it equally immaterial
that he was so wholly distracted that he did not register the argument at all
and failed to consider it because he did not know it had been made? Is it
equally immune from challenge if he absents himself altogether from the
hearing but asks counsel to send him a recording of the argument and then
fails to listen to it?

That this cannot be right is demonstrated by a line of Australian cases in
which the courts have considered the duty of an arbitrator or adjudicator in
similar circumstances. These cases deal with applications by the plaintiffs
seeking to impugn the determination by adjudicators of claims arising under
the New South Wales Building and Construction Industry Security of Payment Act
1999 (“the NSW SOP Act”). Section 22 of the NSW SOP Act deals with the
contents of a determination and s 22(2) sets out the matters to which an
adjudicator must have regard when reaching his decision on the application.
These include, _inter alia_ , all the submissions made by the claimant and
respondent in support of their respective cases. Section 22(2) provides:

In determining an adjudication application, the adjudicator is to consider the
following matters only:

(a)the provisions of this Act,

(b)the provisions of the construction contract from which the application
arose,

(c)the payment claim to which the application relates, together with all
submissions (including relevant documentation) that have been duly made by the
claimant in support of the claim,

(d)the payment schedule (if any) to which the application relates, together
with all submissions (including relevant documentation) that have been duly
made by the respondent in support of the schedule,

(e)the results of any inspection carried out by the adjudicator of any matter
to which the claim relates.

36 The first of the Australian line of cases, _Timwin Construction v Façade
Innovations_ [2005] NSWSC 548 (“ _Timwin_ ”) concerned the adjudicator’s
failure to consider a reason given by the plaintiff, Timwin, for withholding
certain payments to Façade. Timwin had advanced three reasons for resisting
Façade’s claim. The adjudicator said that one of the reasons given by Timwin
did not “make sense” and emphasised his difficulty in understanding the
reason, using the words “whatever that means” in relation to Timwin’s
explanation of that reason (see [14]) of Timwin. Façade had, however,
addressed and rebutted that particular reason in its submissions. McDougall J
was of the view that if the adjudicator was seeking to understand Timwin’s
explanations, he would have referred to Façade’s apparent understanding and
rebuttal. As he did not attempt to understand and address the issues before
him, he had denied Timwin natural justice. McDougall J’s remarks bear
repetition:

19 In _Brodyn_ at para [55], Hodgson JA summarised the basis on which the
Courts might intervene as follows:

‘. . . the legislature did not intend that exact compliance with all the more
detailed requirements was essential to the existence of a valid determination
… What was intended to be essential was compliance with the basic requirements
… a bona fide attempt by the adjudicator to exercise the relevant power
relating to the subject matter of the legislation and reasonably capable of
reference to this power … and no substantial denial of the measure of natural
justice that the Act requires to be given. If the basic requirements are not
complied with, or if a purported determination is not such a bona fide
attempt, or if there is a substantial denial of this measure of natural
justice, then in my opinion a purported determination will be void and not
merely voidable, because there will then not, in my opinion, be satisfaction
of requirements that the legislature has indicated as essential to the
existence of a valid determination.’

…

37 ... _Insofar as one can gather from reading the determination, he appears
not to have read the submissions at all_. He certainly does not indicate that
he has gained any enlightenment as to the argument in relation to variations
from Façade's submissions. …

38 There has not been any decision to my knowledge elaborating the requirement
of good faith to which Hodgson JA pointed in _Brodyn_. Clearly, I think, his
Honour was not referring to dishonesty or its opposite. I think he was
suggesting that, as is well understood in the administrative law context,
_there must be an effort to understand and deal with the issues in the
discharge of the statutory function_ …

…

41 In the present case, I think that an available, and better, inference is
that _the adjudicator did not consider, in the sense that I have just
explained, the submissions for the parties in which the ambit of the dispute
that was intended to be raised in relation to variations was explained_. Had
he turned his mind to those submissions, he would have known what it was the
parties understood the dispute to be; what it was that they were arguing.
Because he did not, as it appears, turn his mind to those submissions, he did
not deal with the real dispute.

42 It is of course apparent that the adjudicator turned his mind to the
submissions for Timwin. However, [he did so] in the context of dismissing them
… Had he read, and given consideration to, the submissions for Façade, he
could not reasonably have done this. That, to my mind, supports rather than
denies the drawing of the inference that _the adjudicator did not have regard
to, or consider, the relevant submissions_.

…

44 _I will note that Timwin did not put its case on the basis of denial of
natural justice, but it would follow from what I have said that, in
disregarding Timwin's submissions for the reason that he gave, the adjudicator
denied it natural justice_.

[emphasis added]

37 A clear principle that can be drawn from _Timwin_ is that there will be a
breach of natural justice when the arbitrator disregards the submissions made
by a party during the hearing, or has regard to them but does not really try
to understand them and so fails to deal with the matter in dispute.

38 In _Lanskey v Noxequin_ [2005] NSWSC 963 (“ _Lanskey_ ”), the adjudicator
had incorrectly described Lanskey’s defences to Noxequin’s claim for payment
as set offs when in fact some of Lanskey’s defences were to the effect that
some work had not been done at all and, as a result, Noxequin had not
completed the work as a whole. This was material because the claim was for
final payment and release of the retention sum. The court held that the
adjudicator’s failure to properly consider the submission as to whether the
work had been done at all amounted to a failure to accord Lanskey natural
justice as required under s 22 of the NSW SOP Act. The court held the
adjudication determination to be void, setting it aside. It reasoned at [15]
of its judgment that:

The course adopted by the Adjudicator when he described all the plaintiff's
claims as set offs, avoided the necessity for him to consider the very
detailed documents and submissions of the plaintiff that dealt with the 69
items. _Plainly on the face of the documents there was a real question about
incomplete work that the Adjudicator has not considered because of the way in
which he dealt with the claims as set offs. It is clear therefore that he has
not considered the plaintiff submissions in this respect and this is apparent
on the face of his reasons. Having regard to his obligations to consider of
the submissions under section 22 of the Act this failure means that the
plaintiff has not been accorded natural justice_. [emphasis added]

39 It was submitted on behalf of Front Row that although _Lanskey_ was decided
on the basis of certain statutory provisions, the same reasoning can be
applied in the present case since it is not just a requirement of statute but
rather one which is also enshrined in the common law, that an arbitrator
fairly consider the issues before him. I agree and would also note that
ultimately the court held that Lanskey had not been accorded natural justice.
The propositions which Front Row’s counsel submitted (and I agree) may be
distilled from _Lanskey_ are that, first, a tribunal has at least to consider
all issues that have been raised by parties. Secondly, the court will look at
the face of the documents and the tribunal’s decision to determine whether the
tribunal has in fact fulfilled its duty to apply its mind to the issues placed
by the parties before it and considered the arguments raised.

40 In _Trysams Pty Ltd v Club Constructions (NSW) Pty Ltd_ [2007] NSWSC 941 (“
_Trysams_ ”), Trysams had first relied on a report to show that some tiles
were defective, thus justifying retention of payment. The adjudicator held
that Club Constructions had not had the opportunity to consider the report at
the time of the application for adjudication and so disregarded it. Trysams
submitted that the report should have been considered by the adjudicator and
that his failure to consider the report was a breach of natural justice. The
court accepted that it was so. At [49], [60] and [61], the court held as
follows:

49\. In my view, the report was either part of a submission or relevant
documentation in support of a submission “duly made” by the plaintiff in
support of the schedule.

…

60\. The report contained information of critical importance to the plaintiff
in establishing its reasons for withholding payment.

61\. Despite the interim nature of an adjudication, natural justice
nevertheless clearly required the adjudicator to consider the report unless
(even if erroneously) he determined that it was, or was part of, a submission
not duly made. In this case, he made no such determination. This amounted to a
substantial failure to afford natural justice which worked practical injustice
on the plaintiff and rendered the whole adjudication void.

41 Trysams had also put in a counterclaim for liquidated damages. The
adjudicator stated that Trysams had not given him sufficient information to
enable him to assess liquidated damages, as Trysams had not advised him of the
date of practical completion of the units. As such, he made no finding on that
issue.

42 Counsel for Club Constructions readily conceded before Hammerschlag J that
the adjudicator had been provided with sufficient information for him to have
assessed liquidated damages. However, he submitted that in determining that
Trysams had provided insufficient information to assess any liquidated
damages, the adjudicator had simply made an “unfortunate mistake” in failing
to consider the submission which, he submitted, was insufficient to make the
adjudication void.

43 The court found that the adjudicator had been provided with sufficient
information to have assessed liquidated damages as, on the face of the
adjudicator’s written decision, Trysams _had_ advised its determination of the
date of practical completion and, moreover, the adjudicator made reference to
this date in his own decision. As such, the court held as follows:

83\. In my view, the mistake was not one of the quality submitted on behalf of
the first defendant. The adjudicator, in the face of his own findings, simply
did not proceed to adjudicate the plaintiff’s claim for liquidated damages as
the Act required him to do. Having regard to his own findings, it is not open
to conclude that he made a conscientious, but mistaken, assessment of that
claim. _What he did was to fail to adjudicate a claim on material which he
clearly must have known was before him_.

84\. That the adjudicator’s failure worked substantial practical injustice on
the plaintiff is self-evident from the fact that there was no ready answer to
the claim.

85\. It is open to articulate what the adjudicator did as both a failure, bona
fide, to attempt to exercise the relevant power with respect to the liquidated
damages claim, _and a failure to afford the level of natural justice required
by the Act to be given to the plaintiff. Either way, his error rendered the
whole determination void_.

[emphasis added]

44 All three Australian cases were recently considered by Prakash J in _SEF
Construction Pte Ltd v Skoy Connected Pte Ltd_ [2009] SGHC 257 (“ _SEF
Construction_ ”). In _SEF Construction_ , the defendant, Skoy, sought payment
from the plaintiff, SEF, under a building contract by bringing an adjudication
application under the Building and Construction Industry Security of Payment
Act (Cap 30B, 2006 Rev Ed) (“the SOP Act”). The adjudicator determined that
SEF was to pay Skoy a certain sum of money. SEF sought to set aside this
adjudication determination. It contended that although it had relied on four
grounds to contend that Skoy’s adjudication application was invalid, the
adjudicator had only dealt with two of those four grounds in giving his
reasons for his determination. SEF therefore argued, first, (at [28] and [33])
that the adjudicator’s failure to consider duly made submissions amounted to a
breach of his duty to consider the same in good faith under s 17(3) of the SOP
Act; and second, (at [31] and [48]) that in line with _Timwin, Lanskey_ and
_Trysams_ , the adjudicator’s failure to deal with the two issues amounted to
a failure to exercise his powers under the SOP Act in good faith and
constituted a breach of his duty to comply with the rules of natural justice
as prescribed by s 16(3)(c) of the SOP Act. Prakash J found that it would be
superfluous to import a duty to act in good faith from administrative law as s
16(3) of the SOP Act was clear about the manner in which the adjudicator had
to conduct the arbitration, mandating that he acted independently, impartially
and in a timely fashion. Nevertheless, she also said at [58] that: “[w]hat the
Australians say in regard to good faith can be applied to the requirements of
natural justice as well”. Prakash J then turned to the question whether the
adjudicator had breached the rules of natural justice. On the facts, she found
that in arriving at his decision, the adjudicator did have regard to the
respective submissions and material before him, even though he had omitted to
state explicitly his reasons for rejecting the same. Accordingly, there was no
breach of natural justice. The following passages from _SEF Construction_ are
instructive:

57 There can be no doubt that the letter of the _audi alteram partem_
principle was observed in this case. The Adjudicator called for submissions
from both parties so SEF had the opportunity to raise all the arguments that
it wanted to in the submissions without any restriction. Then, it is obvious
that the Adjudicator read both sets of submissions as if he had not, he would
not have been able to explain in paragraph 20 the four grounds on which SEF
contended that the Adjudication Application was invalid. **_The question that
faces me is whether, notwithstanding this, the Adjudicator still flouted the
rule because he did not expressly deal with the third and fourth arguments and
explain why he was rejecting them (as he obviously did since if he thought
they were valid arguments he would not have made the determination that the
Adjudicated Amount was due to Skoy)_**.

58 Having given this question somewhat anxious consideration since affording
natural justice is a fundamental requirement of the adjudication procedure, I
have decided that the Adjudicator’s failure to discuss the submissions in his
Adjudication Determination was not a breach of natural justice. In coming to
this conclusion I was fortified by the views of Dyson J and the AR quoted
above (at [51]–[52]). I also found useful and practical guidance from the
Australian cases, notwithstanding their references to good faith which is a
concept that I have found not to be applicable in Singapore. **_What the
Australians say in regard to good faith can be applied to the requirements of
natural justice as well_**.

59 The following passage of the judgment of Palmer J in _Brookhollow Pty Ltd
v. R &R Consultants Pty Ltd_ [2006] NSWSC 1 was particularly useful:

57 Where both claimant and respondent participate in an adjudication and
issues are joined in the parties’ submissions, the failure by an adjudicator
to mention in the reasons for determination a critical issue (as distinct from
a subsidiary or non-determinative issue) may give rise to the inference that
the adjudicator has overlooked it and that he or she has therefore failed to
give consideration to the parties’ submissions as required by s 22(2)(c) and
(d). _Even so, the adjudicator’s oversight might not be fatal to the validity
of the determination: what must appear is that the adjudicator’s oversight
results from a failure overall to address in good faith the issues raised by
the parties_.

58 **_In some cases, it may be possible to say that the issue overlooked was
of such major consequence and so much to the forefront of the parties’
submissions that no adjudicator attempting to address the issues in good faith
could conceivably have regarded it as requiring no specific examination in the
reasons for determination_**. In other cases, the issue overlooked, although
major, may be one of a large number of issues debated by the parties. _If the
adjudicator has dealt carefully in the reasons with most of those issues, it
might well be a possibility that he or she has erroneously, but in good faith,
omitted to deal with another major issue because he or she did not believe it
to be determinative of the result. Error in identifying or addressing issues,
as distinct from lack of good faith in attempting to do so, is not a ground of
invalidity of the adjudication determination_. The Court must have regard to
the way in which the adjudication was conducted and to the extent and content
overall of the adjudicator’s reasons: the Court should not be too ready to
infer lack of good faith from the adjudicator’s omission to deal with an issue
when error alone is a possible explanation. (Emphasis added)

60 In the present case, having studied the Adjudication Determination, I am
satisfied that the Adjudicator did have regard to the submissions of the
parties and their responses and the other material placed before him. The fact
that he did not feel it necessary to discuss his reasoning and explicitly
state his conclusions in relation to the third and fourth jurisdictional
issues, though unfortunate in that it gave rise to fears on the part of SEF
that its points were not thought about, cannot mean that he did not have
regard to those submissions at all. It may have been an accidental omission on
his part to indicate expressly why he was rejecting the submissions since the
Adjudicator took care to explain the reasons for his other determinations and
even indicated matters on which he was not making a determination.
Alternatively, he may have found the points so unconvincing that he thought it
was not necessary to explicitly state his findings. Whatever may be the reason
for the Adjudicator’s omission in this respect, I do not consider that SEF was
not afforded natural justice.

[emphasis in original in italics; emphasis added in bold italics]

45 In other words, Her Honour found that there was no breach of natural
justice in _SEF Construction_ because the adjudicator clearly had regard to
the submissions of parties and the material before him in arriving at his
decision. In contrast, I could not make a similar finding in the present case.
The Arbitrator had explicitly stated, at paras 55 and 56 of the Award, that he
was disregarding the issue concerning Daimler’s obligation to organise, brand
and promote the Asian Cup Series because Front Row had ceased to rely on this
issue. This was not a case where he had had regard to Front Row’s submissions
on the issue but accidentally omitted to state his reasons for rejecting the
same or had found the same to be so unconvincing as to render it unnecessary
to explicitly state his findings on it (_SEF Construction_ at [60]).

46 The conclusion which I ineluctably came to was that in failing to consider
Front Row’s submissions on the Representation, the Arbitrator failed to accord
Front Row natural justice.

A causal nexus between the breach of natural justice and the making of the
Award

47 Not only was I convinced that the Arbitrator’s failure to consider the
Representation amounted to a breach of natural justice, I was also convinced
that this breach was causally linked to his decision to dismiss Front Row’s
counterclaim, thereby prejudicing Front Row’s rights.

48 In _Soh Beng Tee_ ([20]  _supra_), applied by the High Court in subsequent
cases such as _Dongwoo Mann+Hummel Co Ltd v Mann+Hummel GmbH_ [2008] 3 SLR(R)
871 (“ _Dongwoo_ ”), the Court of Appeal stated at [73] that:

… the breach complained of must occur ‘in connection with the making of the
award’. Therefore, even if there had been a breach of the rules of natural
justice, a causal nexus must be established between the breach and the award
made …

49 At para 67(i) of the Award, the Arbitrator specifically found that Daimler
“did not properly or fully perform its obligation to promote the Series”. This
was his basis for concluding that Front Row had a defence to Daimler’s claim
for reimbursement of Buehler’s salary package. Had he known that the ground of
counterclaim based on the Representation was still extant, he could not have
dismissed the counterclaim without giving that ground due consideration,
taking into account, _inter alia_ , Daimler’s failure to organise the 20 races
per year. I was therefore of the view that the breach of natural justice was
sufficiently connected to the arbitrator’s dismissal of Front Row’s
counterclaim.

The breach prejudiced Front Row’s rights

50 Finally, the court may only intervene to set the Award aside where the
Arbitrator’s breach of natural justice prejudiced Front Row’s rights. Once
again, _Soh Beng Tee_ ([20]  _supra_) and _Dongwoo_ ([48]  _supra_) were
instructive. In the former, the Court of Appeal held at [91] and [98] that:

91\. … in Singapore, _an applicant will have to persuade the court that there
has been some actual or real prejudice caused by the alleged breach_. While
this is obviously a lower hurdle than substantial prejudice, it certainly does
not embrace technical or procedural irregularities that have caused no harm in
the final analysis. _There must be more than technical unfairness_. It is
neither desirable nor possible to predict the infinite range of factual
permutations or imponderables that may confront the courts in the future. What
we can say is that _to attract curial intervention it must be established that
the breach of the rules of natural justice must, at the very least, have
actually altered the final outcome of the arbitral proceedings in some
meaningful way. If, on the other hand, the same result could or would
ultimately have been attained, or if it can be shown that the complainant
could not have presented any ground-breaking evidence and/or submissions
regardless, the bare fact that the arbitrator might have inadvertently denied
one or both parties some technical aspect of a fair hearing would almost
invariably be insufficient to set aside the award_.

…

98\. … It is only where the alleged breach of natural justice has surpassed
the boundaries of legitimate expectation and propriety, _culminating in actual
prejudice to a party_ , that a remedy can or should be made available.

[emphasis added]

51 In seeking to persuade the court that the Arbitrator’s breach of natural
justice prejudiced the rights of Front Row, the latter pitched its arguments
too high (and, in my view, unnecessarily so). I set out below the key
paragraphs from its written submissions:

65\. _When this Honourable Court juxtaposes the Arbitrator’s finding on
Daimler’s claim with his finding on Front Row’s counterclaim, it is plain to
see the Arbitrator’s finding that Front Row had dropped certain elements of
its counterclaim, and in particular reliance on the representation that
Daimler was to organise, brand and promote the Asian Cup Series, flies against
all logic_.

66\. Daimler had claimed the reimbursement of Buehler’s salary from Front Row.
Front Row’s defence was that it was not liable to Daimler because Daimler:

… had not fulfilled its contractual duties: _specifically its duties to
organise, brand and promote the Cup Series; failed to make any or any
reasonable efforts to organise up to 20 races per year for two years with each
race weekend holding 2 races_ and failed to ensure that Thomas Buehler devoted
100% of his time and effort to the running and organisation of the Cup Series.
(emphasis added. See ‘YWK-9’ at p 205)

67\. Front Row’s counterclaim against Daimler as was set out in the Terms of
Reference at ‘YWK-9’ at p 205:

_[Daimler] in order to induce [Front Row] to enter into the Agreement had
promised and/or represented and/or is legally responsible for the
representations that_ the SLK AMG cars were appropriate for, had been
specially designed and adapted and would be permitted for use in non
professional racing to be conducted under the South East Asian Cup Series
Competitive events, and that _20 races would be organised as the AMG-Mercedes
South East Asian Cup Series. Contrary to their promise and/or representation,
[Daimler] organised only 3 races_ and the SLK AMG cars were not appropriate
for racing or competitive events. Alternatively, [Daimler] was legally
responsible for the consequences of the representations that were false and
negligently made and induced [Front Row] to enter into the Agreement.
(emphasis added)

68\. In other words, _at least a key limb of Front Row’s defence to Daimler’s
claim was_ __exactly the same__ _as a key limb of Front Row’s counterclaim
against Daimler – that Daimler had failed to organise, brand and promote the
Cup Series, specifically, failing to make reasonable efforts to organise up to
20 races per year for 2 years_.

69\. The Arbitrator dismissed Daimler’s claim at [67] of the Award (page 73 of
‘YWK-1’). He explained this at [66] of the Award (‘YWK-1’ at page 71) that:

… the reimbursement of Buehler’s salary package was tied to [Daimler’s] proper
performance of its obligation to conduct branding and promotion for the [Asian
Cup] Series. _Indeed, [Daimler] had exclusive conduct of this matter. I agreed
with [Front Row] that the failure to make direct use of [Daimler’s] database
of customers was likely to have had a serious impact on the success of the
[Asian Cup] Series_. I agreed that in these circumstances [Front Row] had a
defence to the claim for reimbursement of Buehler’s salary package. (emphasis
added)

70\. In other words, the Arbitrator dismissed Daimler’s claim _because he made
an unequivocal finding that Daimler had not properly or fully performed its
obligation to promote the Asian Cup Series_. _As we have pointed out at [91]
of Yeo’s affidavit, the Arbitrator recognised and found that this particular
representation made by Daimler, that it would undertake responsibility for the
branding and promotion of the Asian Cup Series, had been breached_ , having
regard to the fact that Daimler would also second Buehler to Front Row to take
full responsibility for the organisation of the Asian Cup Series.

…

72\. With all due respect, in this light, the Arbitrator’s finding that Front
Row could successfully rely on this representation as a defence to Daimler’s
claim but that Front Row had ceased to rely on this same key representation by
Daimler when bringing its counterclaim against Daimler, is utterly irrational.
It does not make any sense that Front Row would have relied on this
representation in its defence but abandoned it for the purpose of its own
counterclaim. And indeed, there is nothing in the pleadings, transcripts or
submissions which support the Arbitrator’s conclusion that this representation
was abandoned by Front Row. Given the Arbitrator’s finding on Daimler’s claim,
namely that Front Row could successfully assert Daimler’s failure to promote
the series, it is clear beyond doubt that Front Row should and would have
succeeded in its counterclaim if the Arbitrator had applied his mind to and
considered Front Row’s submissions on Daimler’s failure to promote the series
in respect of Front Row’s counterclaim. …

[emphasis in original in italics; emphasis added underlined]

52 While it is true that a key limb of Front Row’s defence was also a key limb
in its counterclaim, _viz_ , Daimler’s failure “to organise, brand and promote
the Cup Series, specifically, [its failure] to make reasonable efforts to
organise up to 20 races per year for 2 years” (at para 68 of Front Row’s
written submissions), this was in itself insufficient for Front Row’s
counterclaim to succeed. Paragraph 65, read with para 68, of the written
submissions mistakenly assumed that just because Daimler had failed to
organise, brand and promote the Asian Cup Series, in particular, to organise
20 races per year for two years, Front Row’s counterclaim had to succeed. This
is not true. From my perusal of the Award, Daimler’s claim for reimbursement
of Buehler’s salary was dismissed because it breached its contractual
obligation to promote the Asian Cup Series (In this regard, Front Row’s
submission (at para 70 of its written submissions) that the Arbitrator had
dismissed Daimler’s claim for reimbursement of Buehler’s salary because
Daimler had breached its _representation_ that it would undertake
responsibility for the branding and promotion of the Asian Cup was erroneous).
However, it does not inexorably follow from the breach of Daimler’s
contractual obligation that Front Row would have succeeded in its counterclaim
based on misrepresentation. It has to be remembered that the alleged
misrepresentation was as to Daimler’s avowed intention to organise 20 races
per year for the Asian Cup Series. It is not enough that Daimler failed to do
so. It must be proved on a balance of probability that when Daimler made the
Representation, it did not truly intend to carry out the avowed intention.
Having said that, it was not necessary for Front Row to satisfy me that it
_would_ have succeeded in the counterclaim had the Arbitrator not mistakenly
concluded that Front Row had dropped the issue with regard to the
Representation (Indeed, it would be an unwarranted intrusion for this court to
go into the merits of the counterclaim). It sufficed that the Arbitrator had
failed to consider the issue because of his misapprehension that it had been
dropped, provided such failure prejudiced the rights of Front Row in that the
Arbitrator did not get round to considering whether Front Row’s claim with
respect to the Representation had been made out.

53 As I have concluded earlier, an arbitrator’s failure to consider material
arguments or submissions is a breach of natural justice. In the present case,
the Arbitrator had dismissed Front Row’s counterclaim without considering the
grounds of its counterclaim in full because he was under the misapprehension
that Front Row had abandoned its reliance on the Representation. Had he not
been mistaken, he would have had to decide whether or not the Representation
was false. A decision that there had been a misrepresentation in regard
thereto would have resulted in an award in favour of Front Row, assuming the
other ingredients for a successful claim (_viz_ , “reliance” and “detriment”)
were satisfied. It was not for me to delve further into the question whether
Front Row’s reliance upon the Representation would have succeeded but for the
arbitrator’s misrepresentation. It sufficed that the Arbitrator failed to
consider such a material ground. That alone was sufficient prejudice to Front
Row.

Conclusion

54 In the result, I allowed Front Row’s application and ordered that the part
of the Award dealing with Front Row’s counterclaim and with costs of the
Arbitration be set aside as a whole. I further ordered that the part of the
Award so set aside be tried afresh by a newly appointed arbitrator. Finally, I
also ordered that the costs of and incidental to Front Row’s application be
paid by Daimler to Front Row.

* * *

[note: 1]In the absence of any pagination or numbering of paragraphs, I have
taken the liberty of assigning paragraphs in the order in which they appear in
the Agreement.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 15 Mar 2010 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

