Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  The “Catur Samudra”  
[2010] SGHC 18

Case Number| :| Admiralty in Rem No 304 of 2009  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 15 January 2010  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Steven Chong JC  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Corina Song and Lim Ai Min (Allen & Gledhill LLP) for the
plaintiff; Richard Kuek, Govintharasah s/o Ramanathan and Mark Chan (Gurbani &
Co) for the defendant; Koh See Bin (Rajah & Tann LLP) for the caveator.  
Parties| :|  The "Catur Samudra"  
  
15 January 2010|  
---|---  
  
Steven Chong JC:

Introduction

1 This case raises novel and interesting issues of statutory construction
relating to the admiralty jurisdiction of the High Court. It concerns the
arrest of a vessel owned by a company which had agreed to guarantee the
liabilities of a related company as charterer under a separate and independent
charterparty. The dispute requires an examination of the scope of the “sister
ship” arrest rule and in particular whether a ship owned by a guarantor can
constitute a “sister ship” for the purpose of the High Court (Admiralty
Jurisdiction) Act (Cap 123, 2001 Rev Ed) (“HCAJA”). Specifically it would
entail an examination of two issues:

(a)

whether a claim under a guarantee would be a claim arising out of an agreement
relating to the use or hire of a vessel; and

(b)

whether the party who would be liable in personam under the guarantee was in
possession or in control of the vessel at the time when the cause of action
arose.

2 Over the last 50 years or so since the International Convention Relating to
the Arrest of Seagoing Ships (“the 1952 Arrest Convention”) came into force in
1952, the provisions of the HCAJA and its equivalent in other jurisdictions
such as the UK, Hong Kong and Australia have been the subject of intense
judicial scrutiny. It has generated numerous judicial decisions on the scope
and width of the right of arrest. During this period, the law on this area has
never been static and is constantly evolving. To illustrate the dynamic nature
of admiralty law, at one time it was decided by none other than the House of
Lords that the “sister ship” arrest rule was only restricted to ships in
common ownership by the same defendant: see _The Eschersheim_ [1976] 2 Lloyd’s
Rep 1 (“ _The Eschersheim”_). The Court of Appeal in _The Permina 108_ [1977]
1 MLJ 49 (“ _The Permina 108_ ”) declined to follow _The Eschersheim_ when it
allowed the arrest of a vessel owned by a charterer even though it had no
common ownership with the vessel under which the cause of action arose.
Eventually, other jurisdictions including the UK adopted The _Permina 108_ in
preference to _The Eschersheim_ : see the UK decision in _The Span Terza_
[1982] 1 Lloyd’s Rep 225, the Hong Kong decision in _The Sextum_ [1982] HKLR
356, and the New Zealand decision in _The Fua Kavenga_ [1987] 1 NZLR 550 (“
_The Fua Kavenga_ ”).

3 The evolving nature of this branch of the law is hardly surprising given
that the right of arrest in the hands of creditors can be an effective tool
(in many instances the only way) to secure payment and the use of the ship
(free from arrest) is the principal source to generate operating income for
the owners. Shipowners and claimants are therefore constantly seeking to re-
define the boundaries. However, the two issues before me have not specifically
been the subject of judicial pronouncement by the courts in any of the leading
maritime nations. The only decision which has dealt with a similar situation
was the decision of the High Court of New Zealand in _The Fua Kavenga_. For
the reasons set out below, I have declined to follow it. On close scrutiny of
_The Fua Kavenga_ , although the case concerned the right of arrest of a
vessel arising from a similar claim under a guarantee, the two issues before
me were not specifically considered. Having said that, even if they had been
considered, I would nonetheless have arrived at the same outcome. In the
result, I set aside the writ of summons and, consequently, the arrest of the
vessel. I now give my reasons for so doing.

Background facts

4 The plaintiff is the registered owner of the vessel _Mahakam_. The defendant
is PT Humpuss Intermoda Transportasi Tbk (“HIT”), a company incorporated and
registered under the laws of Indonesia and has been listed on the Jakarta
Stock Exchange since 24 November 1997. It is also listed on the Surabaya Stock
Exchange.

5 Pursuant to a Memorandum of Agreement dated 11 December 2007, the plaintiff
purchased the _Mahakam_ from Heritage Maritime Ltd, SA (“Heritage”) for a
total consideration of US$67m. On the same day, pursuant to a Bareboat
Charterparty (“Bareboat C/P”) under an amended BARECON 2001 form, the
_Mahakam_ was leased back by the plaintiff to Heritage for a period of 60
months. Essentially, this was a sale and lease back arrangement.

6 It was a condition precedent under the Bareboat C/P for HIT to execute a
guarantee in favour of the plaintiff to secure the due performance and payment
of Heritage’s obligations under the charterparty. Clause 36 of the Bareboat
C/P provides, inter alia, as follows:

Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Charter, the obligation of
the Owners to charter the Vessel to the Charterers under this Charter is
subject to and conditional upon the following (other than Clause 36.14) and
the obligation of the Charterers to take the Vessel on charter from the Owners
under this Charter is subject to and conditional upon Clauses 36.11, 36.13 and
36.14 being true and accurate at the Delivery Date:-

…

36.11 each of the parties thereto having executed and delivered in agreed
form:

36.11.1 the Sellers’ Credit Agreement; and

36.11.2 the Charter Assignment together with the duly signed notice of
assignment from the Charterers to any sub-charterer

36.11.3 _the duly executed guarantee to be provided by the Guarantor_

[emphasis added]

7 The guarantee was duly executed by HIT on 11 December 2007, the same day the
Bareboat C/P was signed.

8 Heritage is a wholly-owned subsidiary of Humpuss Sea Transport Pte Ltd
(“HST”), a company incorporated in Singapore. HST is in turn a wholly-owned
subsidiary of HIT.

9 Under the terms of the Bareboat C/P, Heritage agreed and/or undertook,
_inter alia_ , to:

(a)

pay charterhire at US$38,500 per day monthly in advance on the first day of
every calendar month;

(b)

maintain and repair the _Mahakam;_

(c)

keep the _Mahakam_ insured; and

(d)

pay interest on such charterhire from the date of such failure to the date of
actual payment at the rate of 2% above LIBOR.

10 Pursuant to the Bareboat C/P, the _Mahakam_ was delivered to Heritage on 13
December 2007\. Thereafter, the charterparty proceeded without any significant
incident until April 2009. On 16 April 2009, Heritage defaulted on the payment
of the charterhire. Heritage failed to pay charterhire for the period from 16
April 2009 till 15 June 2009.

11 On 22 June 2009, the plaintiff issued a notice to Heritage to terminate the
Bareboat C/P pursuant to cl. 46.2. The notice of termination required Heritage
to redeliver the _Mahakam_ to the plaintiff and it was so redelivered on 23
June 2009.

Other legal proceedings

12 After Heritage defaulted on the Bareboat C/P, the plaintiff commenced
various proceedings against HIT, HST and Heritage. In May 2009, the plaintiff
commenced an action in New York against Heritage and HIT seeking damages for
breach of the Bareboat C/P. In the New York proceedings, the plaintiff
obtained an _ex-parte_ order to restrain Heritage and HIT from dealing with
property in the hands of specific garnishee intermediary banks up to a limit
of US$2,247,117.72. This attachment is commonly referred to as the Rule B
Order. However, the total sum which was attached pursuant to the New York Rule
B Order was only US$352,500.44.

13 In June 2009 the plaintiff obtained a further Rule B Order in Connecticut
against HIT, HST, Heritage and Genuine Maritime Limited, which is another
wholly-owned subsidiary of HST. The sum actually caught by the Connecticut
Rule B Order amounted to only US$70,000. Arising from the severe downturn in
the freight market, many banks in New York were inundated with multiple Rule B
Orders on a daily basis. In October 2009, the Second Circuit Court of Appeals
of the Southern District of New York issued its decision in _Shipping
Corporation of India v Jaldhi Pte Ltd_. 585 F.3d 58, 71 (2d Cir.2009). The
court held that Rule B Orders are not available to attach electronic fund
transfers in the possession of intermediary banks for processing. Arising from
this decision, many New York Rule B Orders have since been discharged. Indeed
on 8 December 2009, the New York Rule B Order which was obtained by the
plaintiff against HIT and Heritage was set aside. However, the Connecticut
Rule B Order remains in place.

14 On 12 June 2009, the plaintiff arrested the _Mahakam_ in Malaysia in
respect of their claim against Heritage under the Bareboat C/P. The _Mahakam_
was eventually redelivered to the plaintiff and she was released from arrest
on 24 June 2009. It was agreed between the plaintiff and Heritage that the
claim under the Bareboat C/P would be referred to arbitration in London
pursuant to cl 30 and 54 of the Bareboat C/P. Indeed on or about 31 August
2009, the plaintiff served their Points of Claim against Heritage for unpaid
charterhire under the Bareboat C/P in the London arbitration.

Invocation of admiralty jurisdiction

15 On 5 September 2009, the plaintiff arrested the _Catur Samudra_ in the
present proceedings. It is not in dispute that the _Catur Samudra_ is owned by
HIT.

16 It is clear from the indorsement of claim that the plaintiff’s claim
against HIT in this action is solely under the guarantee dated 11 December
2007 for payment of outstanding charterhire due and owing by Heritage and for
damages for breaches of the Bareboat C/P. The total amount claimed is stated
to be US$30,777,566.44.

17 The admiralty jurisdiction of the High Court has been invoked by the
plaintiff against the _Catur Samudra_ on the following basis:

(a) The plaintiff’s claim against HIT under the guarantee is brought under s
3(1)(_h_) of the HCAJA being a claim arising out of an agreement relating to
the use or hire of the _Mahakam_.

(b) At the time when the cause of action arose against HIT under the
guarantee, HIT was in possession or in control of the _Mahakam_.

18 On 14 October 2009, HIT filed an application for, _inter alia_ , the
following orders:

(a)

the writ of summons filed in this action be struck out and/or set aside
pursuant to O 18 r 19 of the Rules of Court (Cap 322, R 5, 2006 Rev Ed) and/or
the inherent jurisdiction of the court;

(b)

the warrant of arrest obtained by the plaintiff in this action and the arrest
of HIT’s vessel in this action by the plaintiff be set aside;

(c)

the plaintiff do pay HIT damages for the wrongful arrest of the vessel; and

(d)

the costs of the action herein and this application be paid by the plaintiff
to HIT.

19 HIT’s application is founded on the following grounds:

(a)

there was improper invocation of the admiralty jurisdiction of the court by
the plaintiff over HIT’s vessel, _Catur Samudra_ ;

(b)

the writ of summons disclosed no reasonable cause of action and/or is
scandalous, frivolous or vexatious and/or otherwise an abuse of the process of
the court;

(c)

the plaintiff failed to disclose or made insufficient disclosure of material
facts in the affidavit in support of the warrant of arrest; and

(d)

the plaintiff’s arrest of the _Catur Samudra_ was maliciously procured.

20 When the application came before me, counsel for HIT confirmed that they
were only proceeding on the sole ground that the admiralty jurisdiction was
wrongly invoked against the _Catur Samudra_. Specifically, HIT’s
jurisdictional challenge was premised on two grounds:

(a)

the plaintiff’s claim under the guarantee does not fall within s 3(1)(_h_) of
the HCAJA; and

(b)

HIT was not in possession or in control of the _Mahakam_ at the time when the
cause of action arose.

21 Counsel for HIT confirmed that they were not relying on non-disclosure or
that the writ of summons did not disclose any reasonable or arguable cause of
action. However, it was apparent that the plaintiff was not aware prior to the
hearing that HIT was no longer relying on these two alternative arguments. The
plaintiff had prepared extensive submissions to deal with both points. It is
good practice and professional courtesy to inform the opposing party in
advance of the hearing if a party should decide to abandon any point or issue
which arises from the application. This practice should be encouraged as it
will save time and costs for all parties including the court.

Burden of proof

22 It is well settled and not in dispute that the burden of proof is on the
plaintiff to satisfy all the jurisdictional requirements laid down in s 4(4)
of the HCAJA in order to successfully invoke the admiralty jurisdiction
against the _Catur Samudra_ : see _The Maritime Trader_ [1981] 2 Lloyd’s Rep
153 (“ _The Maritime Trader_ ”) at 157 and _The Andres Bonifacio_ [1991] 2 MLJ
371 (“ _The Andres Bonifacio”)_.

23 It is also trite that the plaintiff must satisfy the burden of proof on a
balance of probabilities: see _The Aventicum_ [1978] 1 Lloyd’s Rep 184 at 190
and _The Alexandrea_ [2002] 3 SLR 56 at [18]. Equally, it is not in dispute
that the question of admiralty jurisdiction must be decided based on the
affidavit evidence before the court and should not be tried as an issue (save
for exceptional circumstances which do not apply here):

It follows as a matter of principle that any question of jurisdiction, such as
the question in the present motions, must be dealt with on the motions, and
cannot be dealt with as an issue in the actions

\- per Goff L J in _The I Congresco_ [1977] 1 Lloyd’s Rep 536 at 559.

24 In order to invoke the admiralty jurisdiction of the High Court against the
_Catur Samudra_ , four conditions under s 4(4) of the HCAJA must first be
satisfied (see _The Permina 108_ [1977] 1 MLJ 43 at 45 and _The Inai Selasih_
[2005] 4 SLR 1 at [6]). These conditions are:

(a)

The claim is mentioned in section 3 (1) (d) to (q);

(b)

The claim arises in connection with the ship;

(c)

The person who would be liable on the claim in an action in personam (referred
to in this subsection as the relevant person) was, when the cause of action
arose, the owner or charterer of, or in possession or in control of, the ship;

(d)

At the time when the action is brought, the relevant person is the beneficial
owner as respect all the shares in the other ship against which an action in
rem is brought.

25 As regards sub-para (a), HIT denies that the claim under the guarantee
falls within s 3(1)(_h_). There is no dispute that the requirements under sub-
paras (b) and (d) are satisfied. As regards sub-para (c), this condition may
be further broken into two sub-conditions:

(i) That the person proceeded against, _ie_ , HIT, must either be the owner or
charterer of, or in possession or in control of the _Mahakam_ at the time when
the cause of action arose. The plaintiff alleged that HIT was in possession or
in control of the _Mahakam_. This is disputed by HIT;

(ii) That HIT is the person who would be liable to the plaintiff under the
guarantee in an action in personam. This requirement is not disputed since HIT
was indeed the party who executed the guarantee.

First issue - Whether the plaintiff’s claim under the guarantee issued by HIT
would be a claim arising out of an agreement relating to the charterparty in
respect of the _Mahakam_

26 Counsel for the plaintiff advanced the following arguments that the claim
under the guarantee falls within the scope of s 3(1)(_h_) of the HCAJA:

(a) The provisions of the HCAJA including s 3(1)(_h_) are to be given a “broad
and liberal construction.” – _The Antonis P Lemos_ [1985] AC 711 (“ _The
Antonis P Lemos”)_ ,  _The Indriani_ [1996] 1 SLR 305 (“ _The Indriani_ “) and
_The Mara_ [2000] 4 SLR 156 (“ _The Mara_ “) were cited in support.

(b) The guarantee issued by HIT would constitute an agreement relating to the
charterparty of the _Mahakam_ as the provision of the guarantee was stated to
be a condition precedent to the Bareboat C/P. Initially, _The Fua Kavenga_ was
cited in support. Subsequently, the decision of the Federal Court of Canada,
_National Bank Leasing v Merlac Marine Inc_ (1992) 52 Federal Trial Reports 15
(“ _National Bank Leasing_ ”) was also cited in aid of this construction.

(c) The Bareboat C/P in respect of the _Mahakam_ was specifically referred to
in the guarantee.

27 On the other hand, counsel for HIT put forward the following rival
contentions:

(a) There are two connecting phrases in s 3(1)(_h_) of the HCAJA. While
“arising out of” has been given a wide and liberal construction, the other
connecting phrase “relating to” is more relevant. The courts have consistently
applied a narrow and restricted interpretation of the phrase “relating to”.
_The Fua Kavenga_ should not be followed since the court did not address this
vital difference.

(b) The guarantee was for the financial protection of the plaintiff and was
strictly unnecessary for the use or hire of the _Mahakam_.

(c) The identification of the _Mahakam_ in the guarantee is not decisive.

28 Section 3(1)(_h_) of the HCAJA reads as follows:

3.—(1) The admiralty jurisdiction of the High Court shall be as follows, that
is to say, jurisdiction to hear and determine any of the following questions
or claims:

…

(_h) any claim arising out of any agreement relating to the_ carriage of goods
in a ship or to the use or hire of a ship; [emphasis added]

29 It is apparent that there are two connecting phrases which govern the
proper construction of s 3(1)(_h_), _ie_ , “arising out of” and “relating to”.

Effect of the expression “arising out of”

30 For many years, it was considered to be settled law that a claim in tort
falls within the UK equivalent of s 3(1)(_h_): see _The St Elefterio_ [1957] P
179 at 183:

[t]he words…are…wide enough to cover claims whether in contract or in tort
arising out of any agreement relating to the carriage of goods in a ship.

31 About 30 years later, counsel for the shipowners, Mark Saville QC (now Lord
Saville) in _The Antonis P Lemos_ sought to venture into unchartered waters in
submitting that s 20(2)(_h_) of the UK Supreme Court Act 1981 (in _pari
materia_ with s 3(1)(_h_) of the HCAJA) only applied to claims of a purely
contractual nature. After reviewing the relevant authorities, the House of
Lords in _The Antonis P Lemos_ held that the expression “arising out of”
should be given its wider meaning of “connected with” and not the narrower
meaning of “arising under”. In _The Antonis P Lemos_ , the claim was brought
by the sub-sub-charterer against the shipowner in the tort of negligence for
failing to ensure that the draft of the vessel did not exceed 32 feet upon
arrival at the port of discharge which thereby caused additional expenses to
lighten the vessel. Accordingly, the effect of the holding is that s
20(2)(_h_) of the UK Act is wide enough to encompass a claim in tort even
though there was no direct contractual relationship between the sub-sub
charterer and the shipowner. However, it is relevant to highlight that in _The
Antonio P Lemos_ , the claim in tort arose from a sub-sub charter. There can
be no dispute that a sub-sub-charter like any other charterparty is an
agreement relating to the use or hire of a vessel.

32 _The Mara_ and _The Indriani_ cited by the plaintiff do not assist either.
In both cases, the courts were concerned with the interpretation of the
expression “arising out of”. In _The Mara_ , the Court of Appeal held that a
claim for contractual compensation in respect of personal injuries payable
under a collective agreement was a claim arising out of loss of life or
personal injury under s 3(1)(_f_) of the HCAJA. In _The Indriani_ , consistent
with the broad and liberal application of “arising out of” under s 3(1)(_h_),
the Court of Appeal affirmed the decision of the lower court that a claim for
malicious falsehood arising from the issuance of a clean bill of lading was a
claim arising out of an agreement relating to the use or hire of a vessel. It
could hardly be disputed that a claim under a bill of lading was indeed a
claim arising out of an agreement relating to the use or hire of the vessel.
While the courts have leaned towards a broad interpretation of the expression
“arising out of” to enlarge the types of claims as falling within s 3(1)(_h_),
they have, however, adopted a narrow interpretation to restrict the claims
only under agreements which are in themselves related to the use or hire of a
vessel.

Ambit of the expression “relating to” – Direct Connection Test

33 In the present case, counsel for the defendant rightly focussed on the more
relevant expression “relating to”. The House of Lord in _Gatoil International
Inc v Arkwright-Boston Manufacturers Mutual Insurance Co_ [1985] AC 255 (“
_The Sandrina_ ”) reviewed the previous authorities and formulated the test
that to constitute “an agreement relating to the use or hire of a ship” the
agreement must have some “reasonably direct connection with such activities”
(at 271). In _The Sandrina_ , the contract of insurance arranged by the
shipowner for cargo shipped onboard the vessel was found to lack the “direct
connection” and hence outside the ambit of s 20(2)(_h_) of the UK act. For the
same reason, an agreement for salvage services in _The Eschersheim_ was found
to fall within the UK equivalent of s 3(1)(_h_) because the rendering of
salvage services directly involved the use of a salvage vessel Similarly, the
agreement for mooring and unmooring services in _The Queen of the South_
[1968] 1 All ER 1163 (“ _The Queen of the South_ ”) directly involved the use
of motor boats in providing the services.

34 In deciding on the scope of the expression “relating to”, it is useful to
refer to decisions where claims which have some appearance of a connection
with the use or hire of a vessel were nevertheless held to fall outside the
equivalent of s 3(1)(_h_):

(a) In _The Tesaba_ [1982] 1 Lloyd's Rep 397 (“ _The Tesaba”)_ , the claim by
the salvors against the shipowner was for failure to use best endeavours to
ensure that cargo interests provide security prior to the release of the cargo
in breach of the salvage agreement.

(b) In _The Sandrina_ , the claim was by the cargo insurers for unpaid
premiums for insurance arranged by the shipowner on the cargo carried onboard
the vessel.

(c) In _The Aifanourios_ (1980) SC 346 _(“The Aifanourios”)_ , the claim was
by the P&I insurers for unpaid release calls in respect of the vessel payable
by the shipowner.

(d) In _The Bumbesti_ [1999] 2 Lloyd’s Rep 481 (“ _The Bumbesti”)_ , the claim
was to enforce an arbitration award arising from a breach of a charterparty.

(e) Finally, a claim for outstanding hire payable under an agreement for the
hire of containers previously held to be within the equivalent of s 3(1)(_h_)
in _The Sonia S_ [1983] 2 Lloyd’s Rep 63 was observed in _The Sandrina_ to
have been wrongly decided and should be overruled.

35 In each of the above cases, the claims were made under agreements which by
themselves were not agreements relating to the use or hire of a vessel. This
is to be contrasted with _The Eschersheim_ and _The Queen of the South_ where
the claims were based on agreements which directly related to the use or hire
of a vessel. In the present case, the guarantee is not an agreement which in
itself relates to the use or hire of the _Mahakam_. The sole purpose of the
guarantee was to provide financial protection to the plaintiff against the
risk of default by Heritage under the Bareboat C/P. In similar vein, in _The
Aifanourios_ , although it was clear that the insurance of a vessel is a
matter directed to the convenience and protection of the owner, it was held to
be outside the scope of the equivalent of s 3(1)(_h_) because it was “... not
essential for the operation of the vessel as such” (per Lord Wylie at 350).
Equally, in each of these cases, the claims were based on separate agreements
which were one step removed from the agreement for the use or hire of a
vessel. The claims were based on agreements which were _indirectly_ related to
the use or hire of the vessels.

36 This is consistent with the approach adopted by Aikens J in _The Bumbesti_
at 487 – 488:

(2) However, that **_agreement to refer disputes is not, itself, an “agreement
in relation to the use or hire of a ship_****”**. This is because the
arbitration agreement, whether it is the individual reference or the general
agreement to refer, is a contract that is distinct from the principal
contract, i.e. the bareboat charter-party in this case…

(3) … The agreement to refer to arbitration individual disputes that have
arisen out of a charter-party, or the agreement to refer future disputes in
general that arise out of a charter-party, must be agreements that are
_indirectly_ “in relation to the use or hire of a ship”. But, in my view, they
are not agreements that are _sufficiently directly_ “in relation to the use or
hire of a ship” **_The arbitration agreement is, at least, one step removed
from the “use or hire” of a ship. The breach of contract relied upon to found
the present claim has nothing to do with the use or hire of the ship_** ; it
concerns the implied term to fulfil any award made pursuant to the agreement
to refer disputes. In my view the breach of the contract relied on when suing
on an award does not have the “reasonably direct connection with” the use or
hire of the ship that Lord Keith held in the _Gatoil_ case was necessary to
found jurisdiction...

[emphasis in bold italics added]

37 The plaintiff relied on the fact that under the Bareboat C/P, it was a
condition precedent for HIT to execute the guarantee. On this basis, it was
submitted that the guarantee must be an agreement relating to the Bareboat C/P
since without the guarantee, there would have been no Bareboat C/P of the
_Mahakam_. In my view, an agreement which in itself is not an agreement
intrinsically related to the use or hire of a vessel cannot be transformed
into such an agreement simply by characterising it as a term or condition
precedent of the charterparty. This would have the effect of altering the
“direct connection” test into a “but for” test. If such a test is to be
adopted, it would mean that an agreement for example to lease a building or to
sell shares in a company which are framed as condition precedents to a
charterparty would _ipso facto_ become an agreement relating to the use or
hire of a vessel. Such a submission would enlarge the admiralty jurisdiction
of the High Court to cover claims which were never contemplated to have the
right of arrest. Similarly, it is not uncommon for shipowners to insist on the
incorporation of an arbitration agreement in the charterparty. In this way, it
could be said that “but for” the arbitration agreement, the shipowner would
not enter into the charterparty. However, as pointed out in _The Bumbesti_ , a
claim to enforce an arbitration award arising out of the charterparty is at
best a claim which is _indirectly_ related to the use or hire of the vessel.

38 In the course of the hearing before me, I enquired from counsel for the
plaintiff whether there is any authority that a claim brought under a
collateral or separate agreement independent of the charterparty or bill of
lading has been held to fall within s 3(1)(_h_). Initially, The _Fua Kavenga_
was the only authority cited. Subsequently after the hearing and before I
rendered my oral judgment, the plaintiff’s counsel also cited _National Bank
Leasing_ in their further arguments. In setting aside the writ and the warrant
of arrest, I informed the parties that I will explain why I have declined to
follow these two decisions in my written grounds.

39 In _The Fua Kavenga_ , the court dealt with several issues of admiralty
jurisdiction in addition to sovereign immunity and _res judicata_. The main
discussion on admiralty jurisdiction was whether New Zealand should adopt the
UK approach of “sister ship” arrest in _The Eschersheim_ or the Singapore
position in _The Permina 108_. After analysing the conflicting views, the
court preferred and adopted _The Permina 108_. Smellie J referred to _The
Antonis P Lemos_ that the expression “arising out of” (which is found in the
New Zealand equivalent in s 4(1) of the Admiralty Act, 1973) is to be
construed widely as “connected with”. Although _The Sandrina_ was also cited,
there was no analysis in the judgment why despite the narrow interpretation of
the relevant expression “relating to”, the claim under the guarantee was
nevertheless found to be a claim relating to the use or hire of a vessel. This
was not disputed by counsel for the plaintiff during the hearing. It seems to
me that Smellie J after citing _The Antonis P Lemos_ as authority for the wide
interpretation of the expression “arising out of” assumed that the broad
interpretation should govern the entire sub-section without addressing how
that was to be reconciled with the narrower expression of “relating to”.

40 In _National Bank Leasing_ , the Federal Court of Canada had to consider
whether a claim under a Guarantee Bond which guaranteed the performance of a
charterer fell within its jurisdiction.

41 The Federal Court held that it had jurisdiction because the claim arose out
of an agreement relating to the use or hire of a ship by charterparty within
the meaning of s 22(2)(_i_) of the Federal Court Act, RSC 1985. It is apparent
that the Canadian provision is practically identical to s 3(1)(_h_) of the
HCAJA. In arriving at its decision, the Federal Court did not refer to and
consequently did not consider any of the leading UK authorities on point.
Instead, the Federal Court, after referring to the statement of claim that
“the possible liability of the defendant… under the Lease Guarantee Bond
[arises] out of the default...under the charterparty”, held that the claim
“arises out of an agreement (the Lease Guarantee Bond) relating to the use or
hire of a ship (as governed by the charterparty)”(at [6]). The Federal Court
also observed that the claim under the Lease Guarantee Bond was inseparably
linked to the charterparty. This appears to be akin to the “but for” test. The
decision was therefore bereft of any serious analysis of the relevant narrow
expression “relating to” and does not provide any useful assistance to the
present case.

42 The Australian approach of the “direct connection” test in _Port of Geelong
Authority v The Bass Reefer_ (1992) Federal Court Reports 374 (“ _The Bass
Reefer_ ”) is instructive. In that case, the plaintiff port authority, entered
into a leasing agreement with the defendant shipowner. Under the agreement,
the plaintiff agreed to provide some land for the defendant’s ships to handle
container cargo and a priority berthing licence to the defendant. The
plaintiff brought an in rem claim against the defendant’s ship for outstanding
fees under the agreement. The court held that both claims fell outside the
ambit of the equivalent s 3(1)(_h_). It held at 381 to 382:

I ask myself, therefore, whether the agreement for lease in this case
relevantly relates to the carriage of goods by the defendant ship or to its
use or hire. I apply the test as _to whether there is a strong argument for
the existence of a reasonably direct connection between either of these
agreements and those activities_. I am satisfied that there is not. So far as
connection with the carriage of goods by the defendant ship, it is not
unreasonable to bear in mind that the decision in Gatoil rejected the
contention that the contract of insurance of goods so carried was sufficiently
connected. In the present case, so far as the lease is concerned, its purpose
and effect, as previously indicated, was to provide a conveniently close area
for the receipt of cargo from the ship and the assembly of cargo to be taken
on board the ship. It might conceivably be said that these procedures had a
connection with the operations of loading and unloading cargo to and from the
ship. I express no concluded view as to that. However, I am satisfied that
there is no reasonably direct connection between them and the actual carriage
of goods by the ship. There is even less connection, in my view, between those
activities and the use or hire of the ship. _The licence agreement, the main
feature of which was to provide priority berthing for the ship at the
nominated berth has, in my opinion, no reasonably direct connection with the
carriage of goods by the ship_. Although the licence agreement has the effect
of providing a regular berth for the ship, the effect of this is to provide a
facility, at best, for use by the ship. It does not have any significant
connection with the use of the ship itself. Finally, I can see no significant
connection between the licence agreement and the hire of the ship.

[emphasis added]

43 The claims were held to be outside the provision because the lease
agreement had little to do with the carriage of goods by the defendant’s ship
or its use and hire. In the present case, the guarantee provided by HIT was
strictly not for or related to the use or hire of the _Mahakam_. It seems to
me that if a claim is brought under an agreement which is collateral or
ancillary to the contract of carriage, that collateral or ancillary agreement
must also be intrinsically related to the use or hire of a vessel. If the
collateral agreement is not intrinsically an agreement relating to the use or
hire of a vessel such as a contract of insurance, container leasing agreement,
an arbitration agreement in the charterparty or the guarantee in the present
case, it would fall outside the purview of s 3(1)(_h_).

44 In determining whether a claim can be considered to fall under s 3(1)(_h_),
it would be useful to pose the question, “How did the claim arise?” The answer
in this case would be “under the guarantee”. The next relevant question would
be, “Did the guarantee relate to the use or hire of the _Mahakam_?” The answer
to that would be in the negative. This approach was adopted by Sheen J in _The
Stella Nova_ [1981] Com L R 200, which I found it to be a useful _indicium_
for the direct connection test.

45 In the course of the hearing, I also invited the parties to address me on
the UK decision of _The Zeus_ [1888] 13 PD 188. In that case, the charterparty
provided that the vessel was to proceed to a port to load a full and complete
cargo of coal from a colliery against a guarantee from the colliery to pay
demurrage to the ship owner if the loading was not completed within 48 hours
upon arrival. The court held that although the term demurrage was used in the
colliery guarantee, the claim was not based on an agreement relating to the
use or hire of the vessel. Significantly, the court held (at 190) that “unless
it can be established that the agreement is one in relation to the use or hire
of a ship the fact that the word “demurrage” is used is immaterial.” Counsel
for the plaintiff sought to distinguish _The Zeus_ on the basis that unlike
the present case, the provision of the guarantee was not a condition precedent
to the charterparty. Although it may not have been expressed as a condition
precedent, it was nonetheless specifically provided in the charterparty itself
that the loading of the vessel was on condition of the colliery guarantee
annexed to the charterparty. The decisive reason why the colliery guarantee in
_The Zeus_ was held not to be an agreement relating to the use or hire of a
ship was not because of the manner in which the condition was expressed, but
rather because the guarantee in itself did not relate to the use or hire of a
ship. Interestingly, _The Zeus_ was decided almost a century before the
“direct connection” test was expounded in _The Sandrina_.

46 Finally, I will deal with the plaintiff’s remaining submission that in
cases where the agreements were held to be outside s 3(1)(_h_) of the HCAJA,
typically the vessels were not referred to in the agreements unlike the
present case where the Bareboat C/P of the _Mahakam_ was expressly referred to
in the recital of the guarantee. From my analysis of the relevant authorities,
I do not regard this distinction to be material, much less critical. In _The
Eschersheim_ , and _The Queen of the South_ , the vessels were both not
specifically mentioned in the agreements and yet they were held to be within
the UK equivalent of s 3(1)(_h_). However, in _The Zeus_ , _The Aifanourios_
and _The Bumbesti_ , by way of illustrations, the vessels were referred to in
the agreements but they were still held to be outside the ambit of the
provision. The express reference of the vessels in the agreements is therefore
clearly not decisive. In _The Eschersheim_ and _The Queen of the South_ , the
agreements in themselves related to the use or hire of the vessels even though
the vessels were not named in the agreements. On the other hand, in _The Zeus_
, _The Aifanourios_ and _The Bumbesti_ , despite the express reference of the
vessels in the agreements, they were held to be outside the provision simply
because those agreements were one step removed from the agreements which
related to the use or hire of the vessel and hence lacked the requisite
“direct connection”.

Second issue – whether HIT was in possession or control of the _Mahakam_ at
the time when the cause of action under the guarantee arose

47 This issue arises for determination under s 4(4)(_b_) of the HCAJA. At the
time when the cause of action accrued against HIT under the guarantee, it is
not essential that HIT must be the owner of the _Mahakam_. This requirement is
equally satisfied so long as HIT was either the charterer or in possession or
in control of the _Mahakam_ at the time when the cause of action arose.

48 It is therefore apposite to embark on the analysis by first determining
when the cause of action against HIT accrued.

49 The principal claim by the plaintiff against Heritage under the Bareboat
C/P was for outstanding arrears of charterhire due and owing since 16 April
2009. The Bareboat C/P was eventually terminated on 22 June 2009 due to non-
payment of the charterhire and for other breaches of the Bareboat C/P. As the
guarantee issued by HIT was to secure the performance and payment of
Heritage’s obligations under the Bareboat C/P, it is safe to conclude that the
cause of action accrued no earlier than 16 April 2009. This was not disputed
by the plaintiff. Therefore, the inquiry as to whether HIT was in possession
or in control of the _Mahakam_ should be directed during this time frame.

To lift or not to lift the corporate veil

50 The plaintiff relies on the following materials to show that HIT was in
possession or in control of the _Mahakam_ at the time when the cause of action
arose:

(a) Heritage is a shell corporation through which HIT conducts its business
and it has no separate independent identity from HIT.

(b) HIT uses Heritage as their “paying/receiving agent” in order to insulate
itself from creditors.

(c) Heritage is essentially the “chartering arm” of HIT.

(d) HIT makes, receives, approves and/or directs payments on behalf of its
wholly owned subsidiaries including Heritage.

(e) HIT and Heritage share common ownership, operations and/or premises.

(f) Heritage is the wholly owned subsidiary of HST which is in turn a wholly
owned subsidiary of HIT

(g) Both HIT and Heritage have at least one common director and authorised
signatory in Bobby Andika.

(h) Agus Darjanto as a common director to both HIT and Heritage signed the
guarantee and the Bareboat C/P on behalf of both parties.

(i) HIT took over possession and control of the _Mahakam_ in or about June
2009 when they provided their crew to take over the _Mahakam_ at Belawan,
Indonesia from the crew supplied by the previous managers of Heritage.

51 On the basis of the above matters, counsel for the plaintiff submitted that
“Heritage and PT Humpus should properly be considered as a single economic
unit with no corporate distinction between them, thus rendering each liable
for the debts of the other.”

52 It seems to me that the plaintiff was effectively inviting the court to
lift the corporate veil in order to show that HIT was in reality the
charterers of the _Mahakam_ under the Bareboat C/P. These same matters were
also referred to in the affidavit filed by Fredrik Platou in support of the
warrant of arrest. In the same affidavit, the plaintiff alleged that HIT is
the alter ego of Heritage. In the light of these assertions, it would appear
that the plaintiff was seeking to lift the corporate veil in order to show
that HIT was in truth the charterers of the _Mahakam_. On this basis, HIT
prepared substantial submissions to respond to the plaintiff’s perceived
attempt to lift the corporate veil.

53 However, on a plain reading of the indorsement in the writ of summons, it
was clear that the plaintiff’s claim against HIT was solely based on the
guarantee. There is no separate or alternative claim against HIT under the
Bareboat C/P. Accordingly, at the commencement of the hearing, I sought
clarification from the plaintiff’s counsel whether she was seeking to lift the
corporate veil. She confirmed that the claim as indorsed in the writ of
summons is based solely on the guarantee and that she was not attempting to
lift the corporate veil in spite of the assertions in the affidavit in support
of the warrant of arrest.

54 Implicit in the plaintiff’s confirmation is their acknowledgment that the
materials which they were relying on do not justify the lifting of the
corporate veil. It is plainly inconsistent and incongruous for the plaintiff
to rely on the same materials to show that HIT was in possession or in control
of the _Mahakam_ having accepted that Heritage was the bareboat charterers of
the _Mahakam_ at all material times. As earlier observed, the plaintiff has
commenced London arbitration proceedings against Heritage for the outstanding
charterhire under the Bareboat C/P.

55 The establishment of one-ship companies within a group of companies is a
well-known and legitimate practice in the shipping industry: see _The Evpo
Agnic_ [1988] 2 Lloyd’s Rep 411 at 415 (“ _The Evpo Agnic”_). There have been
numerous unsuccessful attempts to lift the corporate veil in the context of
one-ship companies with common shareholdings and/or directors: see _The Evpo
Agnic_ , _The Maritime Trader_ , _The Neptune_ [1986] HKLR 345, _The Andres
Bonifacio_ , _The Interippu_ [1990] SGHC 131 (“ _The Interippu_ ”) and _The
Skaw Prince_ [1994] 3 SLR 379. The court may be minded to lift the corporate
veil if there are exceptional circumstances which indicate the presence of a
façade or sham set up to deceive or to perpetrate a fraud: see _The Aventicum_
, _The Saudi Prince_ [1982] 2 Lloyd’s Rep 255 and _Win Line (UK) Ltd v
Masterpart (Singapore) Pte Ltd_ [2000] 2 SLR 98 at 116-117.

56 None of the exceptional circumstances exist in the present case to warrant
the piercing of the corporate veil. No allegation of fraud was raised by the
plaintiff. That explains why the plaintiff did not attempt to lift the
corporate veil. After all, the plaintiff chose and agreed to enter into the
Bareboat C/P with Heritage with full knowledge that Heritage is related to
HIT. In fact, the plaintiff accepted the guarantee from HIT on that basis.

Person “in possession or in control” of the vessel

57 Section 4(4)(_b_) of the HCAJA refers to 3 different entities:

(a)

owner;

(b)

charterer; and

(c)

person in possession or in control

58 These different entities concern parties with substantive as opposed to
nominal or formal interest in relation to the ship: see _The Ohm Mariana_
[1993] 2 SLR 698 at 710 (“ _The Ohm Mariana_ ”).

59 Under Singapore law, an owner refers to the beneficial owner who is vested
with the right of sale: see _The Ohm Mariana_. It is not restricted only to
the registered owners as was found to be the case in _The Evpo Agnic_.
Charterer would include voyage, time, demise or even slot charterers. Each of
these charterers would have legally enforceable rights in relation to the
employment of the ship. By the same token, a named charterer under a sham
charterparty is not a charterer within the meaning of s 4(4)(_b_) of the HCAJA
as the sham charterparty does not give rise to any legally enforceable rights
_qua_ charterer: see _The Inai Selasih_.

60 Similarly as rightly observed by Chao JC (as he then was) in _The
Interippu_ , the term “in possession or in control” must mean possession or
control “as an independent legal right”. Chao JC stated that:

I am afraid there is hardly any evidence to show that Corporate Shipping were
in possession or control of “Engineer 103”. The fact that H H Wong was
managing “Engineer 103” does not necessarily mean that Corporate Shipping were
therefore in control or possession of “Engineer 103”. After all, H H Wong was
at the relevant time a director of both companies, one being the holding
company and the other a subsidiary company. Something more than just a common
shareholding or manager/director is required to sustain a claim of “possession
or control”, otherwise, it would sweep aside the entire concept of corporate
structures and entities. I am inclined to accept the submission of the
Defendants that the term “in possession or in control” in section 4(4) must
mean possession or control as an independent legal right; or at least the
possession or control must be pursuant to a specific arrangement.

61 It does not refer to physical possession or control _per se_. Such a person
would include a demise charterer (see _The Span Terza_ [1982] 1 Lloyd’s Rep
225 at 227), a salvor in possession (see _The Evpo Agnic_ at 414), a purchaser
under a conditional sale agreement (see _The Permina 3001_ [1977] 1 MLJ 141 at
144), and a person who is in a position of a demise charterer albeit not under
a demise charter (see _The Evpo Agnic_ at 414). It would also cover a
mortgagee in possession who has taken over the vessel following the default of
the mortgagor. The common denominator is that each of them has legally
enforceable rights as regards possession or control of the vessel.

62 The matters relied on are largely material in relation to an attempt to
lift the corporate veil which the plaintiff conceded they were not seeking to
do. In any event, none of them either singly or collectively would justify the
veil to be pierced. Based on the evidence before me, Heritage has substantial
assets in excess of US$30m. It maintains its own bank accounts with Bank
Negara Indonesia, CMIB Bank and BNP Paribas. The fact that it does not
maintain its own employees is not remarkable in itself. It is not uncommon for
wholly owned subsidiaries to share and use office premises and employees with
their parents or the ultimate holding company. The plaintiff also referred to
various emails to suggest that HIT had paid the ship management fees for the
_Mahakam_ and had arranged to pay various expenses on behalf of Heritage.
However, the evidence suggest otherwise. While HIT may have been involved in
the payment process, the evidence indicate that the payments were made from
Heritage’s bank accounts.

63 Even if HIT has control over Heritage directly or through HST, it is
strictly irrelevant for the present purposes since it is a fundamental
principle of company law that a shareholder has no property, legal or
equitable, in the assets of the company: see _The Maritime Trader_ at 157 and
_The Interippu_ at 6\. Furthermore, having control over Heritage does not
translate into “possession or control” over the _Mahakam_.

64 The plaintiff also relied on the Ship Management Agreement dated 14
December 2007 under which HIT was appointed by Heritage to manage the
_Mahakam_. In July 2008, Heritage appointed an independent company,
Seaquestsandigan Pte Ltd (“Seaquestsandigan”) to take over the management of
the vessel from HIT. Accordingly, HIT were not even the ship managers of the
vessel in April 2009 when the cause of action accrued. The plaintiff alleged
that Seaquestsandigan’s appointment was limited only to the technical and
crewing responsibilities and that all other management duties remained with
HIT. Even accepting the plaintiff’s submission, the management of the
_Mahakam_ pursuant to an appointment by Heritage does not vest any legally
enforceable rights on HIT as regards possession or control over the _Mahakam_.
It would be wrong to treat ship managers as being “in possession or in
control” of a vessel. Their responsibilities over the vessel arise by reason
of their appointment by the principal. If the managers should exercise any
rights of control or possession over the vessel, it would be on behalf of
their principal and not as an independent legal right. The appointment can be
terminated by the principal just as in this case when Heritage appointed
Seaquestsandigan to take over from HIT in July 2008.

65 Further, the plaintiff submitted that the supply of crew by HIT for the
_Mahakam_ at Belawan, Indonesia in June 2009 amounted to taking possession or
control over the vessel. According to the affidavit of Capt Thanabalasingam
s/o Balakrishnan, the crew was supplied by HIT following his request on behalf
of Heritage after Seaquestsandigan removed their crew from the _Mahakam_ upon
the termination of their ship management agreement. The supply of crew was
therefore not to enable HIT to take over physical possession or control of the
_Mahakam_ from Seaquestsandigan or even Heritage, but rather to enable the
vessel to be manned at the request of Heritage after Seaquestsandigan removed
their crew.

66 The plaintiff also relied on the decision of the Federal Court of Australia
in _Malaysia Shipyard and Engineering Sdn Bhd v Iron Shortland_ [1995] FCA
1565 (“ _Iron Shortland_ ”). In that case the claimant sought and succeeded in
lifting the corporate veil to show that the parent company, Capeco Maritime NV
(“Capeco Maritime”) was the beneficial owner of the two vessels, _Iron
Shortland_ and _Newcastle Pride_ even though they were registered in the names
of their wholly owned subsidiaries. The finding was based on the evidence
presented by the claimant. Having found that Capeco Maritime was the
beneficial owner of the vessel, the court observed that the “evidence at least
establishes that Capeco Maritime was in possession or control of the
_Newcastle Pride_ ”. The facts are therefore entirely different from the
present case. First, the plaintiff concedes that they are not seeking to lift
the corporate veil. In any event, the lifting of the corporate veil in the
_Iron Shortland_ was based on the specific evidence presented in that case.
Secondly, as Capeco Maritime was found to be the beneficial owner of the
vessel, _a fortiori_ they would be in possession or in control of the vessel.

67 Finally, the plaintiff also relied on _The Fua Kavenga_. Any inquiry as to
whether a person was “in possession or in control” of a vessel is primarily a
question of fact taking into account the applicable legal principles. As such,
the mere fact that a person who had provided a guarantee was found to be “in
possession or in control” of a vessel in one case does not mean that all
guarantors would likewise be treated in the same way. Each case must
necessarily be decided on its own facts. _The Fua Kavenga_ does not provide
any useful guidance on this issue. In fact, counsel for the plaintiff accepted
that this issue was not properly considered. The court appeared to have
accepted that the guarantor in _The Fua Kavenga_ was “in possession or in
control” of the vessel because the chartererers were “in a variety of ways the
agent or alter ego of the (guarantor)”: at 567. Furthermore, Smellie J also
referred to the submission by counsel on the lifting of the corporate veil
without any indication whether the veil would be lifted on the evidence before
him. Given that there was no analysis as to why the guarantor was determined
to be a person “in possession or in control” of the vessel and since there is
no issue for the lifting of the corporate veil in the instant case unlike _The
Fua Kavenga_ , with respect, I do not find the decision to be instructive.

Conclusion

68 I therefore hold that the plaintiff has failed to satisfy me on the two
jurisdictional issues raised by HIT. Failure to satisfy either would be fatal.
In the result, the admiralty jurisdiction of the High Court was improperly
invoked against HIT’s vessel, _Catur Samudra_. Accordingly, it is axiomatic
that the writ of summons and the warrant of arrest must be set aside which I
so ordered on 21 December 2009. HIT is awarded costs of the action as well as
the application to be taxed if not agreed.

69 HIT has a remaining prayer for damages for wrongful arrest. When I
delivered my oral judgment, I provisionally indicated subject to full
arguments from both parties that this was perhaps not an appropriate case for
damages to be awarded. I, however, adjourned the prayer with liberty to HIT to
restore it for hearing before me within 14 days from the date of the oral
decision. 14 days have since elapsed and HIT has elected not to proceed with
the claim for wrongful arrest.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 15 Jan 2010 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

