Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Abdul Salam bin Musthafa _v_ Public Prosecutor  
[2010] SGCA 38

Case Number| :| Criminal Appeal No 2 of 2010  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 08 November 2010  
Tribunal/Court| :| Court of Appeal  
Coram| :|  Andrew Phang Boon Leong JA; V K Rajah JA; Kan Ting Chiu J  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  R Thrumurgan @ Thiru (Thiru & Co) and Amarick Gill
(Amarick Gill & Co) for the appellant; Ng Cheng Thiam and Geraldine Kang
(Attorney-General's Chambers) for the respondent.  
Parties| :|  Abdul Salam bin Musthafa — Public Prosecutor  
  
[LawNet Editorial Note: This was an appeal from the decision of the High Court
in [2010] SGHC 81.]

8 November 2010|  
---|---  
  
Andrew Phang Boon Leong JA (delivering the grounds of decision of the court):

Introduction

1 The appellant in the present appeal, Abdul Salam bin Musthafa (“the
Appellant”), claimed trial to five charges of conspiracy to traffic in
controlled drugs, an offence under s 5(1)(_a_) read with s 12 of the Misuse of
Drugs Act (Cap 185, 2001 Rev Ed). He was found guilty and convicted of all
five charges (see _Public Prosecutor v Abdul Salam bin Musthafa_ [2010] SGHC
81). The Appellant was sentenced to a total of 30 years’ imprisonment with
effect from 2 January 2008 and 24 strokes of the cane. The Appellant appealed
against both his conviction and his sentence.

2 Of the five charges which the Appellant faced at his trial, two charges
(“the Main Charges”) concerned offences alleged to have been committed on 31
December 2007, while the remaining three charges (“the Remaining Charges”)
concerned offences alleged to have been committed on 27 December 2007. The
Main Charges were that, on or about 31 December 2007, the Appellant engaged in
a conspiracy with Khairul Anwar bin Zaini (“Khairul”), Jamaliah binti Yacab
(“Jamaliah”), Maryati binte Sipon (“Maryati”) and one “Boy Cino” to traffic in
two different types of controlled drugs, namely, not less than 14.99g of
diamorphine and 0.42g of methamphetamine (the charges relating to these two
quantities of drugs will be referred to hereafter as, respectively, “the First
Charge” and “the Second Charge”). The Remaining Charges were that, on or about
27 December 2007, the Appellant engaged in a conspiracy with Khairul, Jamaliah
and Boy Cino to traffic in three different types of controlled drugs, namely,
8.76g of methamphetamine, not less than 6.43g of diamorphine and 0.01g of
morphine (the charges relating to these three quantities of drugs will be
referred to hereafter as, respectively, “the Third Charge”, “the Fourth
Charge” and “the Fifth Charge”).

3 The trial judge (“the Judge”) found the Appellant guilty of all five charges
and convicted him on 21 January 2010. On 15 March 2010, the Appellant was
sentenced to 25 years’ imprisonment and 15 strokes of the cane in respect of
the First Charge, five years’ imprisonment and nine strokes of the cane in
respect of the Second Charge, and, in respect of the Third Charge, the Fourth
Charge and the Fifth Charge, five years’ imprisonment and five strokes of the
cane for each of those charges. The terms of imprisonment in relation to the
First Charge and the Second Charge were to run consecutively, while the terms
of imprisonment in relation to the Third Charge, the Fourth Charge and the
Fifth Charge were to run concurrently with the term of imprisonment in respect
of the First Charge. The Appellant was therefore sentenced to a total of 30
years’ imprisonment with effect from 2 January 2008 and 24 strokes of the
cane.

4 Subsequent to the trial, the sentence of caning was remitted by the Judge on
28 September 2010. This was due to a letter from a medical officer of the
Singapore Prison Service, dated 6 September 2010, stating that the Appellant
was confirmed as being HIV (positive) and was therefore permanently unfit for
caning.

5 The Appellant appealed against his conviction and his sentence for all five
charges. After hearing submissions from the parties, we allowed the appeal
against conviction in part, in so far as we found that the Remaining Charges,
_viz_ , the charges relating to the offences alleged to have been committed on
27 December 2007 (_ie_ , the Third Charge, the Fourth Charge and the Fifth
Charge), were not proved beyond a reasonable doubt. We thus set aside the
Appellant’s conviction in respect of those charges. With respect to the Main
Charges (_ie_ , the First Charge and the Second Charge), however, we agreed
with the Judge that those charges were proved beyond a reasonable doubt, and
dismissed the appeal against conviction in so far as those charges were
concerned.

6 In respect of the appeal against sentence, we allowed the appeal in so far
as we reduced the term of imprisonment for the Main Charges from a total of 30
years’ imprisonment to a total of 25 years’ imprisonment with effect from 2
January 2008.

7 We now give the detailed grounds for our decision. As we fully agree with
the reasoning and the findings of the Judge with respect to the Main Charges,
we shall address only the Remaining Charges.

The evidence against the Appellant

8 The Prosecution’s evidence against the Appellant in respect of the Remaining
Charges consisted of:

(a) Maryati’s testimony and plea in mitigation;

(b) Khairul’s statement of 26 August 2008; and

(c) the telephone call-cum-SMS records.

We shall address these in turn.

Maryati’s testimony and plea in mitigation

9 The relevant portions of Maryati’s testimony which appeared to implicate the
Appellant with respect to the Remaining Charges are as follows. First, Maryati
testified that she had previously delivered money for the Appellant prior to
31 December 2007, although (and this is a significant point which we shall
return to below (at [11]–[12])) she was unable to recall exactly when she had
done so:[note: 1]

Q:Right. All right, your earlier evidence was that 31st December 2007 wasn’t
the first time that you have sent money from Singapore to Malaysia for [the
Appellant]. Right. So my question is, when was the first time? Can you
remember?

A: _I cannot remember_.

Q:All right.

A: _It’s been one year plus, I cannot remember_.

Q:All right. _Can you remember how many times?_

A: _No_.

Q:Right. Okay. And those occasions that you had previously delivered the money
from Singapore to Malaysia, to whom did you pass the money to?

A:Boy Cino.

[emphasis added]

The following testimony is also relevant:[note: 2]

Q:On _those previous occasion_ [_sic_], when you brought the money from
Singapore to Malaysia to pass to Boy Cino, was the money passed to you by [the
Appellant]?

A:Yes.

[emphasis added]

10 On cross-examination by counsel for the Appellant at the trial, Mr S S
Dhillon, Maryati disagreed with counsel’s contention that, since the
Appellant’s telephone line had not been in use in the week prior to 27
December 2007, the Appellant could not have been involved in the drug
transaction of 27 December 2007. Maryati’s evidence on this point was as
follows:[note: 3]

Q:Now, witness, I’m putting it to [you] that [the Appellant] was never
involved in any drug dealings on 27th December because his phone call records
prove that his phone was shut down from 20th December to 26th December.

A:I disagree because the shutdown of his handphone was on the 20th to 26th
December but the – the – the incident happened on the 27th December.

11 On re-examination by Deputy Public Prosecutor Mr Ng Cheng Thiam, Maryati
was unable to confirm if she had gone to Johor Bahru on 27 December 2007 to
send money as part of a drug transaction or to attend to personal
matters:[note: 4]

Q:Next question, you have said that for the 27th of December 2007, you would
be telling a lie if you say that you did not agree that you were involved in
the tran – in the drug transaction on that day. All right, and you had also
admitted that you went to Johor Bahru on the 27th of December 2007.

A:Yes.

Q:I see. The question is why did you go to Johor Bahru on the 27th of December
2007?

A:To send monies.

Q:What?

A: _But I cannot remember_.

Q:What money?

A: _The monies – maybe – I did go to Malaysia on the 27th December but I’m not
sure whether I went to Malaysia to send monies or to do my personal things.
There are certain dates as appeared in my passport, I just went to Johor to do
personal things. I can’t – I can’t recall exactly which dates but I did send
monies about 7 to 8 times_.

Q:For who?

A:Accused [_ie_ , the Appellant].

[emphasis added]

12 Although Maryati’s testimony (as reproduced above) alludes _generally_ to
some previous involvement by the Appellant in drug transactions, it is far
from compelling with respect to the Appellant’s alleged involvement in the
drug transaction _of 27 December 2007_. Indeed, Maryati was unable to confirm
_specifically_ that the Appellant was involved in a drug transaction _on 27
December 2007 itself_.

13 Maryati’s plea in mitigation is not much more helpful to the Prosecution’s
case. The relevant extracts are as follows:[note: 5]

8\. Sometime in or around the last quarter of 2007, [the Appellant] contacted
[Maryati] and asked her whether she was keen to make some money by running a
small errand for him into Malaysia. He explained to her that every now and
then he would have to pay his business partner in Malaysia. This Malaysian
partner was known to her as “Boy Cino”. She agreed and in the first few
couriers she was paid about S$300 for each trip.

9\. Up until a couple of weeks before her arrest, she did not know that the
money she couriered into Malaysia was connected with drugs. She had laboured
under the false believe [_sic_] that it was money paid for a legitimate
business. When she first discovered from “Boy Cino” that the money she had
couriered was in connection with drugs, she confronted [the Appellant] about
it and wanted to stop.

10\. [The Appellant] managed to convince and assure her that as long as she
wasn’t the one carrying the drugs, she was not committing any offence.
Foolishly she accepted the assurances and carried on the service for [the
Appellant].

11\. [Maryati] knew it was wrong [of her] to have carried the money into Johor
_that fateful day_. She regrets her actions. She now realises how foolish she
was in believing [the Appellant].

[emphasis added]

14 Notably, Maryati’s plea in mitigation refers to “that fateful day”,[note:
6] which, presumably, means 31 December 2007 since Maryati could not say for
sure that she brought money into Malaysia as part of a drug transaction on 27
December 2007. Maryati’s plea in mitigation therefore does not address the
events that transpired on 27 December 2007; neither does it address the
Appellant’s alleged involvement in the drug transaction of 27 December 2007.

15 Having regard to the evidence of Maryati as a whole, therefore, neither her
testimony nor her plea in mitigation implicates the Appellant _specifically_
with respect to the Remaining Charges. In particular, her testimony and her
plea in mitigation do _not_ implicate the Appellant _specifically_ with
respect to _the drug transaction of 27 December 2007_ , and thus do not assist
the Prosecution’s case in so far as the Remaining Charges are concerned.
Nevertheless, in our estimation, the portions of Maryati’s testimony extracted
above (at [9] and [11]) certainly do not undermine Maryati’s testimony with
respect to the offences allegedly committed on _31 December 2007_. In fact,
had Maryati been intent on implicating the Appellant, rather than being
uncertain about the events that transpired on 27 December 2007, it would have
made more sense for her to have emphatically testified that the Appellant had
been involved in the drug transaction of 27 December 2007. This, therefore,
does not undermine the credibility of Maryati as a witness and her testimony
with respect to the Main Charges.

Khairul’s statement of 26 August 2008

16 The next piece of evidence in the Prosecution’s case against the Appellant
with respect to the Remaining Charges was Khairul’s statement of 26 August
2008, which we shall hereafter refer to as “P142” for short. The material
parts of P142 which appear to implicate the Appellant are as follows:[note: 7]

82 I wish to explain that I had held back on telling the truth on [the
Appellant] being the one giving me instructions to receive the controlled
drugs and distributing the controlled drugs which [were] seized because I feel
that telling the truth now is better than lying. I do not know whether [the
Appellant] is the boss of the drug syndicate. _However, [the Appellant] is the
one that had been giving me instruction[s] pertaining to receiving the
previous consignment of controlled drugs which was seized in my house on the
day of my arrest too_ , except for the subutex tablets which “Boy Nizam”
delivered to me before my arrest. … [The Appellant] is the one who is paying
me money for helping him to receive the controlled drugs consignment from
Malaysia and distributing the re-packed drugs of heroin and ice in Singapore.
[emphasis added]

The italicised portion of the above extract from P142 appears to refer to acts
that are directly connected with the Remaining Charges, while the rest of the
extract refers to the Appellant’s role in drug transactions generally.

17 However, the italicised portion of the aforesaid extract fails, in our
view, to disclose sufficiently whether the “previous consignment”[note: 8]
refers to the drugs which were the subject matter of the drug transaction of
27 December 2007, or to drugs which were the subject matter of some other drug
transaction. Khairul’s testimony was of little help to the Prosecution as, in
court, Khairul sought to distance himself from P142 and alleged that he had
made the statement due to coercion (notwithstanding this allegation by
Khairul, the Appellant’s counsel subsequently consented to Khairul’s
statements, P142 included, being admitted). Although (as we have seen) Maryati
alluded in her testimony to the Appellant’s involvement in other drug
transactions, P142 does not indicate if the Appellant was involved in the drug
transaction of 27 December 2007 specifically, as opposed to some other
previous drug transaction. P142 therefore does not add much – if any – weight
to the Prosecution’s case against the Appellant _vis-à-vis_ the Remaining
Charges.

The telephone call-cum-SMS records

18 The last piece of evidence which the Prosecution relied on for its case
against the Appellant with respect to the Remaining Charges consisted of the
telephone call-cum-SMS records. The Prosecution argued that the flurry of
communications between the Appellant and the conspirators on 27 December 2007
led one to the conclusion that the conspirators were making arrangements for
the drug transaction which was to take place that day. This was so especially
since the conspirators, who had all pleaded guilty to various drug trafficking
offences, were also calling each other to make the necessary arrangements
_vis-à-vis_ their particular roles. This (so the argument ran) therefore meant
that the Appellant must have been communicating with the conspirators on drug
transactions (including the transaction which was alleged to have occurred on
27 December 2007).

19 However, in our view, the above corroborative evidence against the
Appellant is precisely that: merely corroborative evidence. It is insufficient
to establish the Prosecution’s case against the Appellant _vis-à-vis_ the
Remaining Charges beyond a reasonable doubt when the other evidence against
the Appellant with respect to those charges is so weak.

Conclusion

20 Taking into account the totality of the evidence against the Appellant in
respect of the Remaining Charges, we were of the view that the Prosecution’s
case against the Appellant on these charges was not established beyond a
reasonable doubt. Maryati was unable to confirm if the Appellant had been
involved in a drug transaction on 27 December 2007. P142, while suggesting
that the Appellant had been involved in the trafficking of a previous
consignment of drugs, shed little light on whether that consignment was the
one which was the subject matter of the drug transaction of 27 December 2007,
or whether it was the subject matter of a drug transaction on some other date.
The telephone call-cum-SMS records were insufficient (in and of themselves) to
establish the Prosecution’s case beyond a reasonable doubt, and had to be
considered together with the other evidence, which evidence (as we have seen)
was in fact rather weak.

21 We therefore allowed the appeal against conviction in respect of the
Remaining Charges.

22 Given that the only charges proved beyond a reasonable doubt against the
Appellant were the Main Charges, we were of the view that the Appellant’s
terms of imprisonment in respect of the First Charge and the Second Charge
ought to run concurrently rather than consecutively. This would reflect the
gravity of the offences proved against the Appellant, and, at the same time,
take into account the fact that the Remaining Charges were not made out
against him. This would also be an appropriate sentence for the Appellant,
having regard to the relative sentences of his conspirators. We therefore
ordered the total length of the Appellant’s imprisonment in respect of the
Main Charges to be reduced from 30 years’ imprisonment to 25 years’
imprisonment with effect from 2 January 2008.

* * *

[note: 1]See the certified transcript of the notes of evidence (“the NE”) for
the fifth day of the trial (_ie_ , 30 July 2009) at p 61, lines 1–12.

[note: 2]See the NE for the fifth day of the trial at p 62, lines 26–28.

[note: 3]See the NE for the seventh day of the trial (_ie_ , 3 August 2009) at
p 22, lines 21–25.

[note: 4]See the NE for the seventh day of the trial at p 29, lines 19–32 and
at p 30, lines 1–4.

[note: 5]See the Record of Proceedings at vol 3A, pp 549–550.

[note: 6]_Id_ at vol 3A, p 550.

[note: 7]_Id_ at vol 3A, p 512.

[note: 8]_Ibid_.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 08 Nov 2010 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

