Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Chua Say Eng (formerly trading as Weng Fatt Construction Engineering) _v_
Lee Wee Lick Terence @ Li Weili Terence  
[2010] SGHC 333

Case Number| :| Originating Summons No. 783 of 2010 (Summons No. 4136 of 2010)  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 11 November 2010  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Leo Zhen Wei Lionel AR  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Edwin Lee and Joni Tan (Eldan Law LLP) for the Plaintiff;
Adrian Wong and Nelson Goh (Rajah & Tann LLP), Koh Kok Kwang (CTLC Law
Corporation) for the Defendant.  
Parties| :|  Chua Say Eng (formerly trading as Weng Fatt Construction
Engineering) — Lee Wee Lick Terence @ Li Weili Terence  
  
11 November 2010| Judgment reserved.  
---|---  
  
Leo Zhen Wei Lionel AR:

Introduction

1 In this summons, the defendant, Lee Wee Lick Terence (“the Defendant”),
applied to set aside the adjudication determination dated 7 July 2010 (“the
Adjudication Determination”) made by Mr Ian de Vaz (“the Adjudicator”) in
which the Adjudicator awarded the plaintiff, Chua Say Eng (“the Plaintiff”),
the sum of $125,450.40. The Adjudication Determination had been made pursuant
to an application by the Plaintiff under s 17 of the Building and Construction
Industry Security of Payment Act (Cap. 30B, 2006 Rev Ed) (“the SOPA”).

2 This application raises three interesting issues. First, I have to consider
whether the court, in a setting aside application, should review the
adjudicator’s decision as to the validity of an alleged payment claim. Second,
a question arose as to whether service, in the case of an individual, can be
effected by leaving the payment claim at the last known address of the place
of residence of that individual. Third, I have to determine whether the SOPA
prescribes a limitation period within which a payment claim must be served.
Before delving into a discussion of these issues, it is apposite that I set
out the relevant factual background.

Background

3 The Plaintiff is in the business of building and renovation works. On 16
August 2008, the Defendant engaged the Plaintiff as the main contractor for
reconstruction works to convert his two-storey house at 1 Pasir Ris Heights
(“the Construction Address”) into a three-storey house (“the Project”) for the
sum of $420,000.00 (“the Contract”). Subsequently, the Plaintiff and the
Defendant agreed to increase the scope of the Contract to cater for additional
works and changes in design. As a result, the total contract sum increased to
$542,000.00.

4 On 8 February 2010, the Defendant alleged that the Plaintiff was in
repudiatory breach and gave the Plaintiff ‘Final Notice’ to provide certain
information, undertakings and documents by 13 February 2010, failing which the
Defendant would accept the Plaintiff’s alleged repudiation. By way of letter
dated 21 April 2010, the Defendant purported to accept the Plaintiff’s
repudiation and terminated the Contract. In the same letter, the Plaintiff was
instructed to vacate the site of the Project by 12pm on 26 April 2010.

5 In early May 2010, the Plaintiff obtained a valuation report which expressed
the view that the value of the work done as at 1 May 2010 was $350,450.40
(“the Evaluated Amount”). Accordingly, on 2 June 2010, the Plaintiff served a
Payment Claim No. 6 (“the Payment Claim”) on the Defendant claiming a sum of
$140,450.40 for work done from June 2009 to 26 April 2010. This sum
represented the outstanding amount due after deducting the previous payments
made from the Evaluated Amount. Service (of the Payment Claim) was effected by
leaving the Payment Claim under the front door of the Defendant’s residential
address at Block 117, Edgefield Plains #17-316 (“the Residential Address”) at
around 7.30pm, and by depositing the Payment Claim in the mailbox of the
Construction Address at around 6.45pm.

6 As the Contract is silent on when a payment response should be served, s
11(1)(b) of the SOPA mandates that the payment response be served within 7
days after the payment claim is served. As the Payment Claim was served on 2
June 2010, the due date for the relevant payment response was 9 June 2010. It
is common ground that the Defendant did not serve a payment response on the
Plaintiff by 9 June 2010 or at all.

The Adjudication Determination

7 Pursuant to s 12(5) of the SOPA, the dispute settlement period expired on 16
June 2010. On 18 June 2010, in compliance with s 13(2) of the SOPA, the
Plaintiff served the Defendant with a Notice of Intention to Apply for
Adjudication (“the Notice”) by leaving the Notice under the front door of the
Residential Address at 6.45pm, and by depositing the Notice in the mailbox of
the Construction Address at 7.10pm.

8 On 22 June 2010, the Plaintiff filed an adjudication application (“the
Adjudication Application”) with the Singapore Mediation Centre (“SMC”). Later
that same day, the SMC served the Adjudication Application on the Defendant at
the Residential Address. Pursuant to s 15(1) of the SOPA, the Defendant must,
within 7 days of receipt of a copy of an adjudication application, lodge an
adjudication response with the SMC. Accordingly, the Defendant had up to 29
June 2010 to lodge an adjudication response with the SMC. It is again not
disputed that the Defendant did not lodge an Adjudication Response with the
SMC by 29 June 2010 or at all.

9 On 7 July 2010, the Adjudicator released the Adjudication Determination,
which awarded the Plaintiff a sum of $125,450.40. The Defendant has now
applied to set aside the Adjudication Determination.

Issues

10 The issues arising out of this application are as follows:

(a) Whether the Payment Claim was a valid payment claim under the SOPA;

(b) Whether the Payment Claim was served in accordance with the SOPA;

(c) Whether the Payment Claim, if it had been served in accordance with the
SOPA, was nevertheless served out of time.

I will now address each of these issues in turn.

My decision

Whether the Payment Claim was a valid payment claim under the SOPA

11 The issue of whether the Payment Claim constituted a valid payment claim
under the SOPA was raised before the Adjudicator. As such, a preliminary
question that needs to be answered is whether, in a setting aside application,
the court ought to be reviewing the Adjudicator’s decision on such matters. On
this point, there appears to be a possible conflict of authority. In _SEF
Construction Pte Ltd v Skoy Connected Pte Ltd_ [2010] 1 SLR 733 (“ _SEF
Construction_ ”), Judith Prakash J held that a court hearing a setting aside
application under s 27(5) of the SOPA may only consider issues relating to the
“appointment and conduct of the adjudicator” and not the merits of the case.
At [42] of her Judgment, Prakash J held that:

Accordingly, instead of reviewing the merits (in any direct or indirect
fashion), it is my view that the court's role must be limited to supervising
the appointment and conduct of the adjudicator to ensure that the statutory
provisions governing such appointment and conduct are adhered to and that the
process of the adjudication, rather than the substance, is proper. After all,
in any case, even if the adjudicator does make an error of fact or law in
arriving at his adjudication determination, such error can be rectified or
compensated for in subsequent arbitration or court proceedings initiated in
accordance with the contract between the claimant and the respondent and
intended to resolve all contractual disputes that have arisen.

More pertinently, Prakash J went on to hold, at [46], that:

Similarly, although the SOP Act requires a payment claim to be served,
_whether or not the document purporting to be a payment claim which has been
served by a claimant is actually a payment claim is an issue for the
adjudicator and not the court_. In this respect, I agree entirely with Hodgson
JA's reasoning in _Brodyn_ (([32] _supra_) at [66]):

... If there is a document served by a claimant on a respondent that purports
to be a payment claim under the Act, questions as to whether the document
complies in all respects with the requirements of the Act are generally, in my
opinion, for the adjudicator to decide. Many of these questions can involve
doubtful questions of act and law; and as I have indicated earlier, in my
opinion the legislature has manifested an intention that the existence of a
determination should not turn on answers to questions of this kind. However, I
do not need to express a final view on this.

[emphasis added]

12 On this reasoning, the issue of whether a document purporting to be a
payment claim is a payment claim under the SOPA would be a matter for the
adjudicator, and not the court. It would logically follow from this that a
court should not consider the issue of the validity of a payment claim in a
setting aside application. However, in the recent case of _Sungdo Engineering
& Construction (S) Pte Ltd v Italcor Pte Ltd_ [2010] 3 SLR 459 (“ _Sungdo_ ”),
Lee Seiu Kin J took the view that since the validity of a payment claim goes
to jurisdiction, the court is not precluded from examining this issue on
judicial review. At [34] of his Grounds of Decision, Lee J held that:

In principle, _if the validity of a Payment Claim goes to jurisdiction, I do
not see how a court is precluded from examining this issue on judicial review_
and I would, with respect, disagree with this. Notwithstanding this, the 2008
Letter did not purport to be a payment claim under the Act as nothing therein
states that it is so. Therefore _SEF Construction_ does not stand in the way
of my decision in the present case. However I should state that in practice,
_where a document purports to be a Payment Claim, then unless the adjudicator
has made an unreasonable finding on the evidence_ (unreasonableness as in
_Associated Provincial Picture Houses, Limited v Wednesbury Corporation_
[1948] 1 KB 223), _his decision that it satisfies all the requirements of a
Payment Claim may not be interfered with by the court_ when exercising its
powers of judicial review. This appears to be the offset of the following
passage in _Brodyn_ (at [66]), which was cited in _SEF Construction_ at [46]:

... If there is a document served by a claimant on a respondent that purports
to be a payment claim under the Act, question as to whether the document
complies in all respects with the requirements of the Act _are generally, in
my opinion, for the adjudicator to decide_. Many of these questions can
involve doubtful questions of [f]act and law; and as I have indicated earlier,
in my opinion the legislature has manifested an intention that the existence
of a determination should not turn on answers to questions of this kind.
However, I do not need to express a final view on this.

[emphasis added]

13 The court in _SEF Construction_ had followed the decision of the New South
Wales Court of Appeal in _Brodyn Pty Ltd v Davenport_ [2004] NSWCA 394 (“
_Brodyn_ ”). In _Brodyn_ , Hodgson JA had opined that the court should only
review an adjudicator’s decision as regards whether the “basic and essential”
requirements of the New South Wales legislation (_ie_ , the Building and
Construction Industry Security of Payment Act 1999 (NSW) (“the NSW Act”)) were
fulfilled. In his opinion, whether a payment claim was served in accordance
with the NSW Act was an issue for the adjudicator and not the court. Prakash J
had affirmed this view at [46] of _SEF Construction_. It may be relevant to
note that the approach in _Brodyn_ has been departed from in _Chase Oyster Bar
v Hamo Industries_ [2010] NSWCA 190 (“ _Chase Oyster_ ”). In _Chase Oyster_ ,
the claimant had failed to serve in time a notice of intention (to apply for
adjudication) as required by the NSW Act. The Court of Appeal held that
service in time of the notice of intention was a requirement which affected
the validity of the adjudication. Departing from the more narrow approach in
_Brodyn_ , the court held, at [149], that:

The decision in _Brodyn_ appears to assume that there is a distinction between
a basic and essential requirement for the existence of an adjudicator’s
determination and a jurisdictional condition, or jurisdictional fact. However,
the decision does not analyse the relevant requirements of the Act in terms of
jurisdiction; the framework of analysis was restricted by the search for basic
and essential conditions of validity.

McDougall J went on to emphasise why strict adherence with the requirements of
the NSW Act was necessary and held, at [208]–[209], that:

Further, the _Security of Payment Act_ operates in a way that has been
described as “rough and ready” or, less kindly, as “Draconian”. It imposes a
mandatory regime regardless of the parties’ contract: s 34. It provides
extremely abbreviated time frames for the exchange of payment claims, payment
schedules, adjudication applications and adjudication responses. It provides a
very limited time for adjudicators to make their decisions on what, experience
shows, are often extremely complex claims involving very substantial volumes
of documents (see, for example, my decision in _Laing O’Rourke Australia
Construction v H &M Engineering and Construction_ [2010] NSWSC 818 at [8]).

The _Security of Payment Act_ gives very valuable, and commercially important,
advantages to builders and subcontractors. At each stage of the regime for
enforcement of the statutory right to progress payments, the _Security of
Payment Act_ lays down clear specifications of time and other requirements to
be observed. It is not difficult to understand that the availability of those
rights should depend on strict observance of the statutory requirements that
are involved in their creation.

14 Therefore, I am of the view that, as held in _Sungdo_ and _Chase Oyster_ ,
the issue of the validity of a payment claim is one that the court _can_
review. However, as Prakash J points out in _Chip Hup Hup Kee Construction Pte
Ltd v Ssangyong Engineering & Construction Co Ltd_ [2010] 1 SLR 658 at [57],
the policy behind the SOPA is that of assisting in “maintaining cash flow in
the [construction] industry while disputes [are] settled via arbitration or
court proceedings” by providing “a fast track procedure for an interim
decision in respect of a disputed payment claim”. This policy would be
frustrated if the court must invariably look into the parties’ arguments
before the adjudicator. As Prakash J noted in _SEF Construction_ at [41]:

If the court were to be allowed to look into questions of substance or quantum
including questions like whether a proper payment claim had been served by the
claimant, the procedure is likely to be expensive and prolonged. One can very
easily envisage a situation (in fact such situations have already occurred)
where the dissatisfied respondent first applies to the court for the
adjudication determination to be set aside on the ground that, for example,
the adjudication response should not have been rejected, and then when that
application is rejected by the assistant registrar, appeals to the judge in
chambers and finally when the appeal is unsuccessful, appeals again to the
Court of Appeal. Bearing in mind that the adjudication process could have been
a two-step process involving a review, that would mean five steps in all
before the dispute regarding the claimant's payment claim is finally disposed
of. The more steps there are, the longer the process will take and the more
expensive it will be. Such an outcome would be contrary to the intention of
Parliament that the adjudication procedure should afford speedy _interim_
relief. [emphasis in original]

15 In my view, the approach that best gives effect to both _Sungdo_ and _SEF
Construction_ (which are admittedly not completely reconcilable) as well as
the policy behind the SOPA is that generally, the court in a setting aside
application should not delve into the details of whether an alleged payment
claim complies with the requirements of the SOPA as long as the document, on
its face, _purports_ to be a payment claim under the SOPA. In other words, if
the document expressly states that it is a payment claim under the SOPA or
even simply states that it is a payment claim, then unless the adjudicator has
made an unreasonable finding on the evidence, the court should not interfere
with his decision that all the requirements of the SOPA are fulfilled. In
contrast, if the document appears, on its face, to either be something other
than a payment claim (as was the case in _Sungdo_) or to clearly fall afoul of
one of the requirements set out in the SOPA and the Building and Construction
Industry Security of Payment Regulations (Cap. 30B, Rg 1, 2006 Rev Ed) (“the
SOPR”), then the court should examine the document and make a determination as
to whether it actually is a payment claim within the meaning of s 10. As Lee J
alluded to in _Sungdo_ at [32]:

While I agree that the jurisdiction of the adjudicator is not vested until his
appointment by an ANB, I am, with respect, unable to agree that jurisdiction
is not affected by an invalid Payment Claim or service thereof. The power of
the ANB to appoint an adjudicator arises from the receipt of an adjudication
application from a claimant, and that is predicated by a whole chain of events
initiated by the service of a Payment Claim by the claimant on the respondent
under s 10 of the Act. It must follow that _if the claimant had failed to
serve a Payment Claim, or to serve something that constitutes a Payment Claim,
the power to appoint an adjudicator for that particular claim has not arisen_.
[emphasis added]

In determining whether a payment claim is a valid one under the SOPA, the
court would have to consider whether the requirements in the SOPA and the
SOPR, in particular s 10(3) of the SOPA and reg 5(2) of the SOPR, are complied
with. In addition, although it is clear that there is no requirement that a
payment claim must contain a statement that it is a payment claim under the
SOPA, the court in _Sungdo_ appears to have imposed a further requirement,
namely that for a document to amount to a payment claim under the SOPA, the
party submitting it must intend it to be such. At [20] of his Grounds of
Decision, Lee J stated this further requirement as follows:

Be that as it may, since it is not a requirement under the Act, the absence of
a statement that a document is a Payment Claim does not of itself preclude
that document from being one. But the defendant's contention that any document
that satisfies all the requirements under the Act and the Regulations as to
how it is made and what it must contain would amount to a Payment Claim is
quite another manner. This would mean that a document containing all such
information but also containing the statement "This is not a payment claim
under the Act" would be a payment claim under the Act, which would be contrary
to commonsense. To the argument that in such a situation the claimant is
estopped from relying on it as a Payment Claim, there are two responses. The
first is that this argument will not address the situation where the
respondent, out of an abundance of caution, submits a payment response and
therefore has not been prejudiced. The second is a matter of principle: surely
intention must be a necessary element and such a document cannot be a Payment
Claim even if it contains all the prescribed requirements for one, simply
because it was not intended to be one by the maker of the document. In my
view, _for a document to amount to a payment claim under the Act, the party
submitted it must intend it to be such_ , and I so hold. [emphasis added]

16 Relying on _Sungdo_ , the Defendant contended that the Payment Claim was
not a valid payment claim under the SOPA because the Plaintiff did not intend
it to be a payment claim under the SOPA, and in any case, had not communicated
such an intention to the Defendant. However, as discussed above at [15], if a
document _purports_ , on its face, to be a payment claim, then its validity as
a payment claim under the SOPA is an issue that should be determined by the
adjudicator. I am of the view that the Payment Claim submitted by the
Plaintiff clearly _purports_ to be a payment claim under the SOPA. In the
first place, there is no dispute that the Payment Claim complies with all the
requirements prescribed by the SOPA and the SOPR. Second, the title block of
the Payment Claim itself describes the document as “Payment Claim No. 6”; and
the text of the body opens with the line “[w]e submit our payment claim number
6 for work done from June 2009 to 26 April 2010”. The “amount due/claimed” is
then set out, with the details of the amount claimed separately attached.
Third, the cover letter of the Payment Claim is printed on the Plaintiff’s
letterhead, and is signed and dated. Care was also taken such that every page
(of the cover letter and the attachments) contains the Plaintiff’s stamp and
is signed. In my view, the fact that the Payment Claim complies with all the
requirements of the SOPA and the SOPR, its express title, and the general
formality of the Payment Claim justifies a finding that it _purported_ to be a
payment claim under the SOPA. By way of comparison, the document in _Sungdo_
was distinctly informal. For starters, it was titled “Letter from Italcor to
Sungdo” and concluded with the following festive greeting:

Finally, we wish you greetings of the season!

The informality was enhanced by the fact that the person signing it was not
identified and the date was handwritten. The document also appears to have
been written in response to questions as to whether the work had been
completed. This can be gleaned from the second paragraph of the document,
which states:

With regard to your questioning of whether we have done the work, we wish to
assure you that the work in respect of the following invoices have been done
and we claim for payment for such work as follows...

Although the words “claim for payment” were used, the general tenor of the
document was more akin to an informal letter than to a payment claim under the
SOPA. Furthermore, in _Sungdo_ , Lee J found (at [26]) that the events prior
to the service corroborated a finding that the document was not intended to be
a payment claim under the SOPA. In the present case, the Defendant was not
able to point to any such overt acts by the Plaintiff (which could indicate
that the Payment Claim was not to be treated as a payment claim under the
SOPA) other than the fact that there were two previous claims that were not
submitted for adjudication, namely “Contract Progress Claim No: 4” and
“Contract Progress Claim No. 5”. I note that these claims were described as
progress claims and were neither signed nor dated. Furthermore, they were not
prefaced by a cover letter. As such, I am of the view that the existence of
such previous claims that were not submitted for adjudication has no bearing
on the question of whether the Payment Claim purported to be a payment claim
under the SOPA.

17 In the circumstances, I am not satisfied that there are any reasonable
grounds for interfering with the Adjudicator’s determination that the Payment
Claim was a valid payment claim under the SOPA.

Whether the Payment Claim was served in accordance with the SOPA

18 The second issue raises the novel question of what constitutes effective
service of a payment claim on a private individual in the context of the SOPA.
It is perhaps not surprising that this issue does not seem to have generated
controversy in adjudications where the respondent is a corporate or commercial
entity since presumably where such an entity is involved, there would be
proper administrative systems and processes in place to record when documents
are delivered or served on the entity. Hence, the question of whether a
document has been effectively served on the entity or not seldom arises.

19 The crux of the Defendant’s submission is that he did not receive the
Payment Claim when it was served by the Plaintiff at the Residential Address.
In this regard, the Plaintiff has exhibited documents from a courier service
which indicate that the Payment Claim was delivered to the Residential Address
on 2 June 2010 at approximately 7.30pm and was “slid under the door” when the
courier found that “nobody was home”. The Defendant does not contest the
authenticity of the documents from the courier service, but claims that his
wife or the domestic helper might have inadvertently disposed of the Payment
Claim when it was slipped under the front door of the Residential Address as
the front door was located near where scrap paper (intended for disposal or
recycling) was stored. The Defendant emphasises the fact that there is no
evidence that he actually received the Payment Claim, and that accordingly,
there had not been _personal service_ of the Payment Claim as required by the
SOPA.

20 As the treatment of this issue necessarily involves extensive references to
s 37 of the SOPA, it would be helpful to set out the section in its entirety:

**Service of documents**

37\. —(1) Where this Act authorises or requires a document to be served on a
person, whether the expression “serve”, “lodge”, “provide” or “submit” or any
other expression is used, the document may be served on the person —

(a) by delivering it to the person personally;

(b) by leaving it during normal business hours at the usual place of business
of the person; or

(c) by sending it by post or facsimile transmission to the usual or last known
place of business of the person.

(2) Service of a document that is sent to the usual or last known place of
business of a person under subsection (1) (c) shall be deemed to have been
effected when the document is received at that place.

(3) The provisions of this section are in addition to, and do not limit or
exclude, the provisions of any other law with respect to the service of
documents.

21 The Defendant’s contention is that there had not been proper service of the
Payment Claim since it had not been served in accordance with any of the
methods prescribed in s 37(1) of the SOPA. On the other hand, the Plaintiff
contends that there was effective service because they had left the Payment
Claim at the usual or last known address of the place of residence of the
Defendant and that this complies fully with s 48A(1)(a)(ii) of the
Interpretation Act (Cap. 1, 2002 Rev Ed) (“Interpretation Act”) which states:

**Service of documents**

**48A**. —(1) Where a written law authorises or requires a document to be
served on a person, whether the expression “serve”, “give” or “send” or any
other expression is used, then, unless the contrary intention appears, the
document may be served —

(a) in the case of an individual —

(i) by delivering it to the individual personally; or

(ii) by _leaving it at, or by sending it by pre-paid post to, the usual or
last known address of the place of residence or business of the individual_ ;

...

(2) Nothing in subsection (1) —

(a) affects the operation of any written law that authorises the service of a
document otherwise than as provided in that subsection...

[emphasis added]

In my view, the presence of the word “may” in s 37(1) of the SOPA is
indicative of and consonant with the permissive nature of the section.
Furthermore, s 37(3) of the SOPA states that the provisions of s 37 are “in
addition to, and do not limit or exclude, the provisions of any other law with
respect to the service of documents”. This underscores the fact that the modes
of service stipulated in the SOPA are not exhaustive and that there is clearly
scope for other modes of service of documents as prescribed by “any other
law”, and this would necessarily include the modes of service provided for in
the Interpretation Act.

22 The Defendant drew my attention to the tight timelines that are imposed
following the service of a payment claim and to the serious consequences that
entail a failure to file a payment response, and thus argued that Parliament
must have intended that a payment claim should, like the originating processes
of the Singapore courts, be _personally_ served. Although I am conscious of
the difficulties that individuals may face if payment claims are not
personally served, I am of the view that it _cannot_ have been Parliament’s
intention that a payment claim must be personally served. First, s 37(1)
itself does not provide exclusively for personal service as s 37(1)(b) and (c)
provide that a payment claim may be served by leaving it during normal
business hours at the usual place of business of the person or by sending it
to the usual or last known place of business of the person. Second, where
personal service of particular documents is required, the relevant legislation
will usually lay out some procedure for substituted service (for _eg_ , O 62 r
5 of the Rules of Court (Cap. 322, R 5, 2006 Rev Ed) in the case of
originating processes). The absence of such a procedure for substituted
service suggests that Parliament did not intend that payment claims had to be
personally served. Third, as noted above at [14], the SOPA was enacted
primarily for the benefit of persons who have performed construction work by
providing a mechanism to sustain case flow. The efficacy and reach of the SOPA
would be severely undermined if employers who are individuals could bring
themselves out of the reach of the SOPA by simply placing themselves,
deliberately or otherwise, out of sight and reach.

23 Therefore, since the Plaintiff had effected service of the Payment Claim on
the Defendant on 2 June 2010 in a manner provided for in s 48A(1)(a)(ii) of
the Interpretation Act, I find that there had been valid and regular service
of the Payment Claim for the purposes of the SOPA.

Whether the Payment Claim was served out of time

24 I turn now to consider the final issue of whether the Payment Claim was
served out of time. The kernel of the Defendant’s contention on this issue is
that the collective effect of s 10(2) of the SOPA read with reg 5(1) of the
SOPR creates a limitation period for the service of payment claims under the
SOPA. In its submissions, the Defendant relied on commentaries by two local
authors to support its view that there is a limitation period for the service
of payment claims under the SOPA. The first of these commentaries is Philip
Chan, _Statutory Adjudication in Singapore_ (Sweet & Maxwell Asia, 2008) at
paras 3.2.8 and 3.2.9:

3.2.8 Therefore, it would appear that if any claimed amount has not been
properly included in a payment claim as prescribed by s 10(2), it is no longer
possible to make a claim that is out of time. Thus, the time of service of the
payment claim is also the limitation period for the purpose of claiming an
amount in a payment claim. According to s 10(2), this limitation period may be
agreed by the parties under s 10(2)(a) or it may be prescribed under s
10(2)(b)...

3.2.9 By reg 5(1), the default limitation period for each claimed amount is
marked ‘by the last day of each month following the month in which the
contract is made’.

The second commentary relied upon by the Defendant is Chow Kok Fong, _Security
of Payments and Construction Adjudication_ (LexisNexis, 2005) (“Chow Kok
Fong”) at p 557:

The _Building and Construction Industry Security of Payment Regulations 2005_
(hereinafter the ‘BCISP Regulations’) prescribe that the default date is ‘the
last day of each month following the month in which the contract is made’.
This effectively allows the claimant one month to prepare and submit the
payment claim...

Upon clarification from the Defendant’s counsel, I was given to understand
that the upshot of the Defendant’s position was that if the Plaintiff wished
to claim for work done as at April 2010, the Payment Claim had to be served by
30 April 2010 and not any later as it would then be time-barred.

25 Given that the determination of this issue is likely to hinge heavily on
the interpretation of s 10(2) of the SOPA and reg 5(1) of the SOPR, it would
be appropriate to first examine the actual wording of the relevant provisions.
Section 10(2) of the SOPA states that:

**Payment claims**

**10**. —(2) A payment claim _shall_ be served —

(a) at such time as specified in or determined in accordance with the terms of
the contract; or

(b) where the contract does not contain such provision, _at such time as may
be prescribed_.

[emphasis added]

The time that is prescribed is found in reg 5(1) of the SOPR, which states
that:

**Payment claims**

**5**. —(1) Where a contract does not contain any provision specifying the
time at which a payment claim shall be served or by which such time may be
determined, then a payment claim made under the contract _shall be served by
the last day of each month_ following the month in which the contract is made.

[emphasis added]

26 In my view, the plain words of s 10(2) read with reg 5(1) merely stipulate
_when_ payment claims are to be served. I do not read the combined effect of
the provisions as supporting the creation of a limitation period that impinges
on the _scope_ of claims that can be made in a payment claim. As Chow Kok Fong
recognizes at p 131, there is no provision in the SOPA which expressly
prohibits payment claims in which sums are claimed for work done some months
earlier than the month in which the payment claim is served. The imposition of
a limitation period as contended by the Defendant would be a matter with far
reaching consequences. If Parliament had intended that there should be a
limitation period, it could easily have included a provision to that effect in
the SOPA. It is unlikely that Parliament would leave such an important matter
to be dealt with in subsidiary legislation. In this regard, it is noteworthy
that s 13(4) of the NSW Act provides that:

**13**. —(4) A payment claim may be served only within:

(a) the period determined by or in accordance with the terms of the
construction contract; or

(b) the period of 12 months after the construction work to which the claim
relates was last carried out (or the related goods and services to which the
claim relates were last supplied);

whichever is the later.

Since the SOPA was modelled (at least in part) on the NSW Act, the fact that
the SOPA does not include a provision similar to s 13(4) supports the
conclusion that Parliament did not intend that there should be a limitation
period. Furthermore, under s 13(4) of the NSW Act, a payment claim is only
time barred on the expiry of 12 months after the construction work to which
the payment claim relates was carried out. In contrast, if the Defendant is
right, the limitation period imposed by s 10(2) of the SOPA read with reg 5(1)
of the SOPR would be only 1 month. In my view, it would not be right to read
such a short limitation period, within which a contractor must submit his
payment claim or else have all its rights under the SOPA completely forfeited,
into the statutory regime without clear words to that effect. As the New South
Wales Court of Appeal held in _Fyntray Constructions Pty Ltd v Macind Drainage
& Hydraulic Services Pty Ltd_ [2002] NSWCA 238 (“ _Fyntray_ ”) at [49]:

Secondly, whether or not the provisions creating a strict regime where
claimants are not paid, and the provisions requiring adjudication to be
prosecuted expeditiously, point towards the defendant's construction, there is
no express language supporting it. _The conclusion that the significant
statutory rights conferred are only capable of being availed of by claimants
within the narrow time period contended for by the defendant could only be
drawn if the language used were clear_. It is certainly possible for statutory
rights of a valuable kind to be granted on the strictest temporal conditions,
_but in the absence of clear language one would not lightly arrive at a
construction having the result that they could be lost by a short delay_ ,
whether that delay was the result of intentional behaviour by the claimant, or
oversight, or accident, or some intervening and overriding event. And the
clear language necessary is language which one would expect to exist not in s
14, dealing with responses to payment schedules, but in s 13, dealing with the
conditions which must be satisfied by payment claims. Section 13(2) states
formal requirements for payment claims. _If there were to be a substantive
strict requirement in relation to time, one would expect to find it there. It
is not there_. [emphasis added]

27 The express words of reg 5(1) do not clearly set out a limitation period,
but merely state that a payment claim “shall be served by the last day of each
month following the month in which the contract is made”. In essence, for the
Defendant’s contention to succeed, the court would have to read reg 5(1) as
requiring that a payment claim be served by the last day of each month _in
which the work was done_. There is simply no basis for reading reg 5(1) in
this manner since reg 5(1) does not even mention the words “work” or “done”.
In my view, the true import of reg 5(1) is two-fold. First, since reg 5(1)
states that the payment claim must be served by the last day of the each month
_following the month in which the contract is made_ , this means that no
payment claim can be served in the month in which the contract is made. This
is a sensible position since a plaintiff should generally be expected to
complete a certain amount of work before it can make a payment claim. By
disallowing the making of a payment claim in the month in which the contract
was made, reg 5(1) prevents plaintiffs from swiftly serving payment claims
after the completion of merely trivial work. Second, a contract may provide
that a payment claim must be served by, on or after a specified day of the
month. For example, in _Torpey Vander Have Pty Ltd v Mass Constructions Pty
Ltd_ [2002] NSWCA 263 (“ _Torpey_ ”), the subcontract provided that the
subcontractor was entitled to make progress claims on the 25th day of each
month. Although _Torpey_ involved a progress claim, a contract could just as
easily provide for a payment claim to be served by, on or after a specified
day of the month. There would be utility in contracting that a payment claim
must be served by, on or after a specified day of the month as this would
allow potential defendants to know in advance when a payment claim might be
forthcoming. For the rest of the month, potential defendants could be assured
that they would not be served with payment claims and that any documents they
received would not be taken to be a valid payment claim. For example, if a
contract provides that a payment claim must be served by the 5th day of each
month, a potential defendant would not have to worry from the 6th day of that
month onwards (until the 1st day of the next month) that he might be served
with a payment claim. In my view, reg 5(1) clarifies that if the contract does
not specify that a payment claim must be served by, on or after a specified
day of the month, then the default position is that a payment claim must be
served “by the last day of the month” (_ie_ , the payment claim can be served
on any day of the month).

28 Considering that the overarching purpose of the SOPA is to provide persons
who have performed construction work with a statutory entitlement to a
progress payment, I believe that this interpretation, which places fewer
fetters on what constitutes a payment claim, is more in keeping with the
spirit of the SOPA and should be preferred over competing interpretations. In
this regard, it is worth mentioning that s 10(4) of the SOPA contemplates the
possibility of a payment claim including amounts which were the subject of
earlier payment claims (and presumably for work done much earlier on under the
contract). Although s 10(4) relates to amounts subject to _earlier payment
claims_ and is thus not strictly relevant to the present application, it does
evidence a legislative intent that amounts for work done in previous months
could be included in a payment claim. I am cognisant that s 10(4) provides a
specific mechanism for the inclusion of such amounts. However, in my view, s
10(4) was meant to _widen_ the scope of s 10(1) by providing an _added option_
of including in a payment claim amounts which were the subject of earlier
payment claims. It does not go so far as to require that _only if_ previous
payment claims have been submitted can a plaintiff subsequently claim for the
same.

Conclusion

29 For the foregoing reasons, I am of the view that this application should be
dismissed. I will now hear the parties on costs.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 11 Nov 2010 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

