Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Lim Eng Hock Peter _v_ Lin Jian Wei and another and another appeal  
[2010] SGCA 26

Case Number| :| Civil Appeals Nos 25 and 38 of 2009  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 28 July 2010  
Tribunal/Court| :| Court of Appeal  
Coram| :|  Chan Sek Keong CJ; Andrew Phang Boon Leong JA; V K Rajah JA  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Alvin Yeo SC, Chan Hock Keng, Koh Swee Yen, Suegene Ang
and Reina Chua (Wong Partnership LLP) for the appellant; Ang Cheng Hock SC,
William Ong, Kristy Tan and Ramesh Selvaraj (Allen & Gledhill LLP) for the
respondents.  
Parties| :|  Lim Eng Hock Peter — Lin Jian Wei and another  
  
28 July 2010| Judgment reserved.  
---|---  
  
Chan Sek Keong CJ (delivering the judgment of the court):

Introduction

1 In _Lim Eng Hock Peter v Lin Jian Wei and another and another appeal_ [2009]
SGCA 48 (“the Judgment”), the appellant (“the Appellant”) succeeded in his
defamation action against the respondents (“the Respondents”) and was awarded
damages on an aggravated basis by this court. This present judgment concerns
the issue of the quantum of damages to be awarded, and should, accordingly, be
read together with the Judgment.

2 The subject of quantum of damages for defamation appears to be continually
misrepresented or misunderstood by some sections of the public in Singapore.
In order to clear up these misconceptions, we shall, in this judgment, touch
on the various bases for awarding differentiated damages for defamation
committed against different classes of plaintiffs.

The award of damages in a defamation case

3 It is apposite to begin this judgment by considering, in brief, the nature
of and rationale behind damages awarded in defamation cases.

4 In _Arul Chandran v Chew Chin Aik Victor_ [2001] 1 SLR(R) 86 (“ _Arul
Chandran_ ”), this court summarised the functions of _general_ damages awarded
in defamation actions in the following manner (at [53]):

General damages serve three functions. Firstly, they act as a consolation to
the plaintiff for the distress he suffered from the publication of the
statement. Secondly, they repair the harm to his reputation. Thirdly, they
serve to vindicate his reputation ....

In _Uren v John Fairfax & Sons Pty Ltd_ [1966] 117 CLR 118 (“ _Uren_ ”),
Windeyer J, in a passage approved by the House of Lords in _Cassell & Co Ltd v
Broome and Another_ [1972] AC 1027 at 1071, stressed the vindicatory and
consolatory functions of general damages (_Uren_ at 150):

It seems to me that, properly speaking, a man defamed does not get
compensation for his damaged reputation. He gets damages because he was
injured in his reputation, that is simply because he was publicly defamed. For
this reason, compensation by damages operates in two ways – as a vindication
of the plaintiff to the public and as a consolation to him for a wrong done.
Compensation is here a solatium rather than a monetary recompense for harm
measurable in money.

5 In _McCarey v Associated Newspapers Ltd (No 2)_ [1965] 2 QB 86, Pearson LJ
commented on general damages as follows (at 104–105):

Compensatory damages ... may include not only actual pecuniary loss and
anticipated pecuniary loss or any social disadvantages which result, or may be
thought likely to result, from the wrong which has been done. They may also
include the natural injury to his feelings – the natural grief and distress
which he may have felt at having been spoken of in defamatory terms, and if
there has been any kind of high-handed, oppressive, insulting or contumelious
behaviour by the defendant which increases the mental pain and suffering
caused by the defamation and may constitute injury to the plaintiff’s pride
and self-confidence, those are proper elements to be taken into account in a
case where the damages are at large.

6 Other than general damages, other types of damages – such as aggravated
damages (for aggravation of the injury suffered by a plaintiff through the
defamation) and exemplary damages (to, _inter alia_ , punish a defendant for
the wilful commission of a tort) – may be awarded. With that said, Singapore
law, like English law, does not regard the claimant’s reputation as
“vindicated by a symbolic award of a token or conventional sum of damages”
(_Gatley on Libel and Slander_ (Patrick Milmo QC & W V H Rogers eds) (Sweet &
Maxwell, 11th Ed, 2008) (“ _Gatley_ ”) at p 267). In this regard, the
following observation of the Supreme Court of Canada in _Hill v Church of
Scientology of Toronto_ [1995] 2 SCR 1130 is pertinent (at [166]):

A defamatory statement can seep into the crevasses of the subconscious and
lurk there ever ready to spring forth and spread its cancerous evil. The
unfortunate impression left by a libel may last a lifetime. Seldom does the
defamed person have the opportunity of replying and correcting the record in a
manner that will truly remedy the situation.

7 In determining the appropriate quantum of _general_ damages to be awarded in
any given case, circumstances that are relevant and should be taken into
account include:

(a) the nature and gravity of the defamation;

(b) the conduct, position and standing of the plaintiff and the defendant;

(c) the mode and extent of publication;

(d) the natural indignation of the court at the injury caused to the
plaintiff;

(e) the conduct of the defendant from the time the defamatory statement is
published to the very moment of the verdict;

(f) the failure to apologise and retract the defamatory statement; and

(g)

the presence of malice.

8 Another consideration relevant to the determination of the quantum of
general damages to be awarded is its intended deterrent effect. In _The
Gleaner Co Ltd and another v Abrahams_ [2004] 1 AC 628, the Privy Council
(_per_ Lord Hoffman) said (at 646):

[D]efamation cases have important features not shared by personal injury
claims. _The damages often serve not only as compensation but also as an
effective and necessary deterrent_. The deterrent is effective because the
damages are paid either by the defendant himself or under a policy of
insurance which is likely to be sensitive to the incidence of such claims.
[emphasis added]

9 The effectiveness of the deterrent would depend on the amount of the damages
awarded. In _Kiam v MGN Ltd_ [2003] 1 QB 281, Sedley LJ discussed the
importance of awarding an adequate amount of damages in order for the award to
be an effective deterrent, and said (at 304):

… the _ineffectiveness of a moderate award in deterring future libels is
painfully apparent_. It is this, I believe, that is leading both judges and
juries once more to lift the level of general damages for libel into a
different league from personal injury damages, at least in cases like the
present where the newspaper has not simply got its facts wrong but has behaved
outrageously from start to finish. [emphasis added]

10 In recent times, the quantum of damages awarded to public personages,
especially political figures, has come under much scrutiny. The primary
criticism is that the amounts awarded in damages have an alleged “chilling”
effect on political and public debate on matters considered to be of public
interest. However, despite the expansion of the common law defence of
qualified privilege to political speech in jurisdictions such as Australia,
Canada, New Zealand and the United Kingdom (which, under the previous law,
might or would have been defamatory), the general levels of damages awarded to
political figures for defamation in these countries have not been consciously
reduced. For the courts in these jurisdictions, the assessment of defamation
damages still turns on a considered weighing of the facts and circumstances of
each case. The rationale for continuing this established approach may be found
in the following passage from _Gatley_ (at p 268):

While the level of damages should not be so high as unduly to curtail freedom
of expression, “ _the court should be careful not to drive down damages in
libel cases to a level which publishers might with equanimity be tempted to
risk having to pay_ ”. Nevertheless, “the figure of Justice carries a pair of
scales, not a cornucopia” and “it serves no public purpose to encourage
plaintiffs to regard a successful libel action, risky though the process
undoubtedly is, as a road to untaxed riches”. [emphasis added]

Gradation of damages for different plaintiffs

11 Applying the principles set out above, the Singapore courts have, over the
years, established a gradation or spectrum of damages to be awarded to
plaintiffs. This gradation is based primarily on a few dominant
considerations, _viz_ , the position and standing of the plaintiff in society,
the nature and gravity of the defamation, the mode and extent of the
publication, and the position and responsibility of the defendant as a
publisher or purveyor of the defamation. In this respect, counsel for the
Appellant argued – correctly in our view – that broadly speaking, our courts
have differentiated between categories of plaintiffs for the purpose of
determining the amount of damages to be awarded for defamation.

12 Singapore courts have consistently awarded higher damages to public leaders
than other personalities for similar types of defamation because of the
greater damage done not only to them personally, but also to the reputation of
the institution of which they are members. The expression “public leaders” in
this context would be a reference to political and non-political leaders in
the Government and public sector and private sector leaders who devote their
careers and lives to serving the State and the public. The expression is not
used in reference to people who are merely famous in the public eye, such as
footballers or singers and people in the entertainment industry. Instead, it
covers prominent figures in business, industry and professions wherein the
relevant outputs serve to augment public welfare. Public leaders are generally
entitled to higher damages also because of their standing in Singapore society
and devotion to public service. Any libel or slander of their character with
respect to their public service damages not only their personal reputation,
but also the reputation of Singapore as a State whose leaders have acquired a
worldwide reputation for honesty and integrity in office and dedication to
service of the people. In this connection, it is pertinent that it has been
said that the most serious acts of defamation are those that touch on the
“core attributes of the plaintiff’s personality”, _ie_ , matters such as
“integrity, honour, courage, loyalty and achievement” (see _Gatley_ at p 267).

13 Defaming a political leader is a serious matter in Singapore because it
damages the moral authority of such a person to lead the people and the
country. In _Crampton v Nugawela_ (1996) 41 NSWLR 176 (“ _Crampton_ ”), the
Supreme Court of New South Wales stated (at 193):

In some cases, a person’s reputation is, in a relevant sense, his whole life.
The reputation of a clerk for financial honesty and [that] of a solicitor for
integrity are illustrations of this. The reputation of a doctor is, I think,
of this character: at least, it is so where a substantial part of his work is
in an area where he acts on reference from or with the recommendation of other
doctors.

In our view, the reputation of public leaders in Singapore can, to use the
words of the court in _Crampton_ , be considered to be their “whole life”.
Without a clean or credible reputation, their moral authority to lead the
people is compromised. We should, however, clarify that this does not mean
that public leaders may not be criticised at all. They certainly should be
strongly – and perhaps even mercilessly – criticised for incompetence,
insensitivity, ignorance, and any number of other human frailties where the
critique does not go to the extent of besmirching their integrity, honesty,
honour, and such other qualities that make up the reputation of a person.

14 For the reasons set out in the preceding paragraphs, we are of the view
that on the whole, damages awarded by the Singapore courts in the past for the
defamation of public figures have not been excessive, and indeed have been
rather moderate. This assessment is borne out by a consideration of the
damages awarded to plaintiffs of lesser public standing in other Commonwealth
jurisdictions.

Damages in Singapore

15 In Singapore, damages awarded to the Prime Minister and other Ministers who
have been defamed have to date not exceeded $500,000 in a single suit. In
1978, the then Prime Minister, Mr Lee Kuan Yew, was awarded damages of
$130,000 for a slander against him. During an election rally, the defendant
suggested, _inter alia_ , that he (_ie_ , Mr Lee) had abused the powers of his
office (see _Lee Kuan Yew v Jeyaretnam Joshua Benjamin_ [1979–1980] SLR(R)
24). In 1996, the then Senior Minister, Mr Lee Kuan Yew, was awarded $400,000
against the writer of an article that appeared in the _International Herald
Tribune_ , which alleged, _inter alia_ , that Mr Lee had relied on a compliant
judiciary to obtain judgment against political opponents, thereby bankrupting
them irrespective of the merits of the claim (see _Lee Kuan Yew v Vinocur John
and others_ [1996] 1 SLR(R) 840 (“ _Lee Kuan Yew v Vinocur John_ ”)). In 2008,
pursuant to an article published in the party newspaper of the Singapore
Democratic Party (“the SDP”) stating that, _inter alia_ , there was a
“striking resemblance between how the NKF [_ie_ , the National Kidney
Foundation] operated and how the PAP [_ie_ , the People’s Action Party] ...
runs Singapore” (_Lee Hsien Loong v Singapore Democratic Party and others and
another suit_ [2007] 1 SLR(R) 675 at [22]), the Prime Minister, Mr Lee Hsien
Loong, was awarded $330,000 in damages against the SDP and members of the
SDP’s Central Executive Committee for defamation (see _Lee Hsien Loong v
Singapore Democratic Party and others and another suit_ [2009] 1 SLR(R) 642).
That suit was consolidated for hearing with another suit in which the Minister
Mentor, Mr Lee Kuan Yew, was awarded the sum of $280,000 against the same
parties. It should be noted, however, that the court, in deciding on the
awards of $330,000 and $280,000, had taken into account settlement sums of
$170,000 received by each plaintiff. The original figures of damages that the
court had been minded to award, therefore, were $500,000 for the Prime
Minister and $450,000 for the Minister Mentor.

16 Damages that have been awarded to Members of Parliament who have been
defamed have not exceeded $210,000. Mr Chiam See Tong was awarded $50,000 as
damages against the defendant in the case of _Chiam See Tong v Xin Zhang Jiang
Restaurant Pte Ltd_ [1995] 1 SLR(R) 856. In that case, the defendant
restaurant had used a photograph of Mr Chiam in its publicity materials. The
court held that the advertisements were defamatory, suggesting that Mr Chiam
had consented to the use of his photograph for publicity, either for gain or
to sponsor a private restaurant, and that he had done so by taking advantage
of his position as a Member of Parliament. In another case, the plaintiff was
awarded $210,000 as damages against the defendant, as the defendant had
alleged that the plaintiff, who was, at that time, the head of the Department
of Social Work and Psychology at the National University of Singapore (“the
NUS”) and a Member of Parliament, had given fabricated evidence to Parliament
to justify the defendant’s dismissal as a lecturer at the NUS (see _S Vasoo v
Chee Soon Juan_ Suit No 936 of 1993 (15 April 1994, unreported)).

17 For professionals, to our knowledge, damages of up to $150,000 have been
awarded. In _Au Mun Chew (practising as Au & Associates) v Lim Ban Lee_ [1997]
1 SLR(R) 220, an architect was awarded $45,000 in damages. In that case, the
defendant had written letters to the plaintiff architect that were copied to
various contractors and the Building Control Division of the Public Works
Division, stating that the plaintiff architect had attempted to “con” him (at
[7]). In _Arul Chandran_ , a lawyer was awarded general damages of $100,000
and aggravated damages of $50,000 for a serious libel that he was, _inter
alia_ , a “vicious and most dangerous fraud” (see [14], [17], [19] and [20]).

Damages in other countries

18 The levels of damages awarded in other Commonwealth jurisdictions, such as
the United Kingdom, Canada and Hong Kong, are not directly relevant to the
levels appropriate to our own circumstances as the significance of the
reputations of the various classes of plaintiffs differ in different
jurisdictions. For example, the public in Singapore may generally have a
higher regard and respect for its public leaders and business leaders than the
public in other jurisdictions have for similar classes of persons.
Nevertheless, it is useful to consider some cases in these jurisdictions for
an indication on whether the damages awarded by the Singapore courts are
unreasonably excessive, having regard to the personalities defamed and the
nature of the defamation.

19 In 1987, the writer Jeffrey Archer (later Lord Archer) was awarded £500,000
in damages by a jury for an alleged defamation by _The Daily Star_ concerning
a paid 15-minute sexual encounter with a woman in a Mayfair hotel (see _Archer
v Express Newspapers Plc_ (24 July 1987, unreported)). In 1989, Lord Aldington
was awarded £1.5m in damages by a jury after he had been allegedly described
by the defendant, Count Nikolai Tolstoy Miloslavsky, as a war criminal. The
award was later found to be in breach of the right to freedom of expression
under the Convention for the Protection of Human Rights and Fundamental
Freedoms (more commonly referred to as the European Convention on Human
Rights) by the European Court of Human Rights (see _Tolstoy Miloslavsky v
United Kingdom_ (1995) 20 EHRR 442). Recent awards, however, have not attained
the region of those figures. In _Galloway v Telegraph Group Ltd_ [2006] EMLR
11, the English Court of Appeal upheld an award of £150,000 obtained by a then
Member of the English House of Commons, Mr George Galloway, against _The Daily
Telegraph_ for defamatory remarks that he had, _inter alia_ , received money
from Saddam Hussein’s regime in Iraq. In a recent case, _Berezovsky v Russian
Television and Radio Broadcasting Co_ [2010] EWHC 476 (QB), the plaintiff had
been accused, on a television programme, of, _inter alia_ , being a
participant in a high profile political murder and several other related death
threats, and also being “a knowing party to a criminal conspiracy to avoid his
extradition and obtain political asylum in Britain” (at [53]). He was
eventually awarded £150,000 in damages for defamation.

20 In a Canadian case, _Hodgson v Canadian Newspapers Co_ [2000] 49 OR (3d)
161, the plaintiff, who was the Commissioner of Engineering for the Region of
York, was awarded C$400,000 as general and aggravated damages, C$380,000 as
special damages and C$100,000 as punitive damages for a series of defamatory
articles published by _The Globe & Mail_ concerning the alleged corrupt
purchase of certain lands from a developer by the Region of York. The Region
of York had paid a substantial sum for the lands on the recommendation of the
plaintiff, who allegedly knew that the Region of York was entitled to acquire
the lands at no cost. It was alleged that the plaintiff had not disclosed that
fact to the Regional Council and that the developer who received the money was
a long-time friend of the plaintiff. These allegations were repeated in
several subsequent articles.

21 A final illustration would be the recent Hong Kong SAR case of _John
Simpson Warham v Cathay Pacific Airways Ltd_ [2009] HKCFI 1046, where the
Senior Captain and the First Junior Officer of the defendant airline were each
awarded general damages of HK$3m and aggravated damages of HK$300,000 by the
Court of First Instance of the Hong Kong SAR. The airline had alleged that the
plaintiffs, in threatening industrial action against the airline, had been
unprofessional, poor employees and did not care for the interests of the
airline and of the Hong Kong SAR. The airline has since appealed against the
judgment.

22 Compared with the awards for general damages in these cases, the quantum of
damages awarded by the Singapore courts cannot be said to be unreasonable or
excessive.

The nature and gravity of the defamation in the present case

23 The Appellant has submitted that the sting of the defamatory statements in
question was the unbridled attack on the Appellant’s competence and integrity
in managing businesses. The allegations that the Appellant had culpably
mismanaged Raffles Town Club Pte Ltd (“the Company”), approved grossly
excessive dividends, permitted the off-setting of substantial loans against
dividends and that the Appellant received part of these dividends which led to
the Company’s financial difficulties, have all struck at the core of the
Appellant’s professional attributes. These comprise, among other things, his
management ability, general competence and overarching integrity as a
businessman. The sums involved were huge, as the amounts alleged to have been
depleted from the Company due to the Appellant’s mismanagement – including a
sum of $124m paid out as dividends to shareholders – were by no means
insignificant.

24 The Respondents’ response is that the libel did not attack the core
attributes of the Appellant’s reputation, personal integrity and personality,
but merely suggested negligence, impropriety or mismanagement on the part of
the Appellant in the latter’s depletion of the assets of the Company. As a
result of its depleted assets, the Company was unable to pay the damages
ordered against it in an earlier suit concerning the Company’s deception of
members of the Raffles Town Club (“the Club”), a social club the Company owns
(see the Judgment at [5]). Nonetheless, in the Respondents’ view, the nature
and gravity of the defamatory statements were much less damaging to the
Appellant than the defamatory statements in _Arul Chandran_ where $100,000 as
compensatory damages and $50,000 as aggravated damages were awarded, making up
a total of $150,000. The suit in _Arul Chandran_ arose out of the election for
new club committee members for the Tanglin Club. The defendants had circulated
three publications to members of the club containing defamatory remarks
against the plaintiff, a practising advocate and solicitor of more than 30
years’ standing and also the vice-president of the club. The sting of the
defamatory remarks was that the plaintiff was an “extremely vicious and
dangerous fraud”, who was incapable of discharging his official duties within
the club (at [23]). It is the Respondents’ position that the defamatory
statements in the present case were not as grave as those countenanced in
_Arul Chandran_ , and accordingly a smaller quantum of damages should be
awarded to the Appellant.

25 We do not agree with the Respondents’ argument that the defamatory
statements against the Appellant are any less serious than the defamatory
statements in _Arul Chandran_. In _Arul Chandran_ , the court was concerned
with alleged fraud on the part of a lawyer. Here, the Respondents insinuated
that there was an element of dishonesty in the way the Appellant had caused
the Company’s assets to be depleted. In their closing submissions, the
Respondents said:

[T]he charges which the [Respondents] have proven substantially show the
[Appellant] to be a dishonest man who mismanaged [the Company] and who applied
[the Company’s] monies improperly for his own benefit.

26 We accept that in terms of damage to character and reputation, false
allegations that a lawyer has committed a fraud on his clients will seriously
damage his reputation and standing in his profession. But so would allegations
of dishonesty, mismanagement and asset depletion for personal gain against a
heretofore reputable businessman. The Appellant is a prominent businessman and
investor. Since the 1980s, he has built up a formidable reputation in the
stock broking industry as the “remisier king”. In more recent times, the
Appellant has come to be regarded as a shrewd investor with well-publicised
shareholdings in companies like “Wilmar International and F J Benjamin”. The
Company itself owns a luxurious social club, _viz_ , the Club, with some
17,000 members. Separately, the Appellant is frequently cited in _Forbes Asia_
as one of the richest men in Singapore and Asia. There can be no doubt that
the defamatory statements in question attacked his professional reputation and
standing as a prominent businessman and investor. The libel called into
question his competence, integrity and business acumen.

27 The facts as laid out in the Judgment show that the Appellant, by adopting
certain policies in the fiscal management of the revenue of the Company (_viz_
, members’ subscriptions), was able to defer payment of a huge tax liability
for the Company. In contrast, when the Respondents took over control of the
Company and reversed these policies in order to take money out of the Company
(lawfully, we should add), they caused the Company to incur a huge tax
liability immediately. This contributed to the Company having insufficient
funds to pay damages due to members of the Club pursuant to the earlier suit
regarding the Company’s deception of members about the Club’s exclusivity (see
[24] above).

28 While the defamatory statements did not allege fraud, they suggested that
the Appellant had caused the Company’s financial losses through mismanagement
for his own benefit, as a result of which the Company was unable to meet its
liabilities to the members of the Club amounting to potentially some
$52,122,000. The Respondents wanted to put the blame for this on the Appellant
and other persons who had been in control of the Company, even though they
were substantially, if not, wholly responsible for the financial plight the
Company was in. The libel lay in the insinuation that the Company’s debt was
due to the past management’s activities, which was untrue. The Appellant has
been vindicated in this respect.

29 The Appellant has further contended that he is a public figure in the
business fraternity, and that his reputation is a key component to his ability
to carry on his business. However, he is in business for himself and not for
the public welfare. He is not a public figure in the sense used in defamation
law. He is not a national leader or involved in public affairs. He is
undoubtedly a shrewd and successful investor whose reputation for shrewdness
has been vindicated by this court, but that does not justify elevating his
standing to that of a person who serves the public and the State. Accordingly,
we do not regard as relevant the decisions in relation to public figures
referred to earlier. In _A Balakrishnan and others v Nirumalan K Pillay and
others_ [1999] 2 SLR(R) 462, this court upheld (at [46]) counsel’s argument
that where the plaintiff is not a public figure, the quantum of damages should
be less. Nonetheless, plaintiffs who are professionals should get a higher sum
than ordinary individuals because of the damage done to their professional
reputations. The Appellant agreed that our courts have rightly distinguished
between public leaders and others; in our view, however, the damages awarded
to the Appellant should be closer to that awarded to individuals who are not
public leaders.

30 The Appellant cited several cases to show that the damages to be awarded in
the current case should be higher than in those cases as they concerned
private individuals of lesser public standing and reputation than the
Appellant. The cases in question are: (a)  _Arul Chandran_ ; (b)  _Ei-Nets Ltd
and another v Yeo Nai Meng_ [2004] 1 SLR(R) 153 (“ _Ei-Nets Ltd_ ”); and (c)
_TJ System (S) Pte Ltd and Others v Ngow Kheong Shen (No 2)_ [2003] SGHC 217
(“ _TJ System_ ”).

31 In _Ei-Nets Ltd_ , $80,000 in damages was awarded for an allegation that
the plaintiff was dismissed as an employee of the company for conspiring to
make fictitious journal entries in the company’s books with a view to
misappropriating funds. In _TJ System_ , a false statement was made by email
to 15 persons within Cisco’s organisation that “TJ [S]ystem (sales staff and
directors) has been called up by CPIB [_ie_ , the Corrupt Practices
Investigation Bureau] for investigation on bribery made to a police officer
from Police Technology Dept, on 6 June 2002” (at [4]). The first plaintiff was
a Singapore registered company in the business of supplying security systems.
The second plaintiff was the managing director of the first plaintiff and the
third plaintiff was a director. The fourth and sixth plaintiffs were employed
as sales staff of the first plaintiff. The first plaintiff was awarded $25,000
in damages, the second and third plaintiffs $30,000 each while the fourth and
sixth plaintiffs each received $20,000. The court held that the first
plaintiff was not a household name but was well known within industry circles
and that its reputation was closely linked to the second and third plaintiffs.
The fourth and sixth plaintiffs were sales staff and their careers were not at
the same stage of progression as the second and third plaintiffs.

32 The Respondents pointed out the High Court decision of _Oei Hong Leong v
Ban Song Long David and others_ [2005] 1 SLR(R) 277 (“ _Oei Hong Leong (HC)_
”) (upheld by this court in _Oei Hong Leong v Ban Song Long David and others_
[2005] 3 SLR(R) 608). In that case, an article in _The Business Times_
contained, _inter alia_ , an assertion that the plaintiff was not “rational”
in obstructing the passing of certain resolutions (_Oei Hong Leong (HC)_ at
[5]). The claim for defamation was dismissed because certain defences were
applicable. However, the High Court judge stated that he would have awarded
$60,000 to the plaintiff if he had decided to award damages. In his view, the
libel was not a serious libel. There was no malice, the allegation was narrow
in scope and effect and the terms used did not indicate a general bad
reputation on the part of the plaintiff. The Respondents here have argued that
the Appellant is not as prominent as the plaintiff in _Oei Hong Leong (HC)_
and that therefore damages should be lower. We do not agree. Both are
prominent or well known in their respective circles. The nature of the
defamation against the Appellant was, however, undoubtedly more serious.

Mode and extent of publication

33 It is trite law that the wider the extent of publication, the greater the
award of damages for defamation. In _Lee Kuan Yew v Vinocur John_ , the fact
that the defamatory statements were published in the _International Herald
Tribune_ , which has worldwide circulation, was found to be an aggravating
factor for the purposes of awarding damages. The high standing of the
_International Herald Tribune_ as a credible international newspaper made the
allegations more likely to be believed and this further aggravated the
damages.

34 The Appellant submitted that the wide circulation of the libel to over
17,000 members of the Club, many of whom are distinguished professionals, and
the extensive press coverage of the entire saga should increase damages.
Additionally, the introductory section of the Explanatory Statement (dated 2
November 2005 (“the ES”) explaining a Scheme of Arrangement and Compromise
(“the Scheme”)) under the heading “Background to [the Company’s] financial
difficulties” would have surely been given more attention by creditors under
the Scheme since they would have been keen to find out why the Company was
unable to pay the damages that had been awarded against it. Additionally, the
defamatory statements were published in a document issued pursuant to the
Companies Act (Cap 50, 1994 Rev Ed), which afforded the document the
imprimatur of the court’s approval, thereby making the defamatory statements
even more credible to the recipients.

35 The Respondents claimed that the fact that the statements were published in
the ES and not in a national newspaper (unlike in _Oei Hong Leong (HC)_),
meant that the extent of publication was limited to members only and the
quantum of damages should be reduced. We agree with this submission to the
extent that there were and are many more readers of _The Business Times_ than
there were members of the Club. Only the members would have known about the
defamatory innuendos in the ES. The _prima facie_ knowledge of some 17,000
members that the Appellant had been incompetent or negligent in managing the
Company and had caused it to lose hundreds of millions of dollars would be,
without question, seriously damaging to the reputation of the Appellant as a
reputable businessman and investor.

Quantum of damages to be awarded

36 The Respondents submitted that an award of $70,000 – comprising a
compensatory element of $50,000 and an aggravating element of $20,000 – should
be made. We do not accept this submission.

General damages

37 Applying the yardstick in _Oei Hong Leong (HC)_ and _Arul Chandran_ , we
assess the general damages to be $140,000, as the defamation of the Appellant
was more serious than the defamation in _Oei Hong Leong (HC)_ , and having
regard to the fact that _Arul Chandran_ was decided more than 10 years ago.

Aggravated damages

38 We have decided that the conduct of the Respondents in this case aggravated
the damages payable to the Appellant. Not only did the Respondents
deliberately and knowingly use the court process to defame the Appellant, in
the process misleading the court in order to protect their own investment in
the Company, they also pleaded the defence of justification unjustifiably and
refused to tender any apology or make amends.

39 In _Goh Chok Tong v Jeyaretnam Joshua Benjamin and another action_ [1998] 2
SLR(R) 971, this court disagreed with the trial judge’s approach of awarding
separate awards for general damages and for aggravated damages. The following
was observed by this court (at [51]):

We now turn to the issue of damages. Before we proceed further, we should say
a word on the separate awards for general compensatory damages and aggravated
damages made by the trial judge. It is well-established that aggravated
damages in defamation represent merely a component of the compensatory damages
and aggravated damages are awarded when the defendant’s conduct before and
during trial has aggravated the hurt to the plaintiff’s feelings. For such
conduct, the quantum of damages payable in respect of the defamatory
publication may be enhanced to compensate adequately the plaintiff for the
injury occasioned. Reverting to the present case, the trial judge should have
awarded a single global sum compensating the plaintiff for the collective
actions of the defendant, from the date of publication to the end of the
trial. This is the approach which we explored and applied in the Tang appeal,
and in our judgment is the right approach. It is relevant to bear in mind the
following passage from the speech of Lord Hailsham of St Marylebone LC in
_Cassell & Co Ltd v Broome & Anor_ [1972] AC 1027, p 1072:

[I]t has always been a principle of English law that the award of damages when
awarded must be a single lump sum in respect of each separate cause of action
… I must say I view with some distrust the arbitrary subdivision of different
elements of general damages for the same tort as was done in _Loudon v Ryder_
[1953] 2 QB 202, and even, subject to what I say later, what was expressly
approved by Lord Devlin in _Rookes v Barnard_ [1964] AC 1129, 1228 for the
laudable purpose of avoiding a new trial. In cases where the award of general
damages contains a subjective element, I do not believe it is desirable or
even possible simply to add separate sums together for different parts of the
subjective element, especially where, as was done by agreement in this case,
the subjective element relates under different heads to the same factor, in
this case the bad conduct of the defendant.

We therefore do not commend to our courts the practice of separating an award
for aggravated damages from the award of general compensatory damages. The
courts should award one single lump sum as damages.

40 One point we wish to make at this juncture would be that whilst a single
award can be made for damages in a defamation action, for the purposes of
assessing the damages, a judge would necessarily (in his mind) have to come up
with a figure for general damages and a figure for aggravated damages (or
other types of damages, as the case may be). The sums would then be added
together to constitute a single lump sum award for damages. Therefore, it
would be odd if the court does not provide a breakdown of the sums awarded as
general damages and as aggravated damages (or other types of damages, as the
case may be). Such an approach should be discouraged. In this connection, it
would be apposite to reiterate what was recently stated in _Basil Anthony
Herman v Premier Security Co-operative Ltd and others_ [2010] SGCA 15 by this
court (at [65]):

[W]hile damages for defamation may be given as a single award, we are of the
opinion that, in awarding damages for defamation, a judge ought to demarcate
and explain the damages awarded for the defamation itself and the additional
damages awarded for the defamer’s aggravating conduct in relation to the
defamation. The need for some form of separation is self-evident where
financial loss is concerned.

41 Having said that, we would like to highlight _Arul Chandran_ once again. In
that case, the High Court awarded $100,000 as general damages and $50,000 as
aggravated damages. The court considered the following as aggravating
circumstances: the reckless justification defence that was bound to fail, the
humiliating and embarrassing “put” questions during cross-examination as a
result of the adoption of the defence of justification, the unsubstantiated
allegation of bad reputation that was made during mitigation, and the presence
of malice on the part of the defendant. On appeal, this court held that even
if there had been no reckless reliance on the defence of justification, the
award of $50,000 for aggravated damages could be justified in view of the
humiliating cross-examination, unsubstantiated allegations of bad reputation
during mitigation and the presence of malice.

42 On the facts of this case, and taking into account the various aggravating
factors, we award the sum of $70,000 for aggravated damages.

Conclusion

43 Based on the foregoing, the total amount of damages payable to the
Appellant is $210,000 – comprising $140,000 for general damages and $70,000
for aggravated damages. In addition to this sum, we award the Appellant costs
fixed at $10,000 plus disbursements.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 28 Jul 2010 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

