Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Attorney-General _v_ Shadrake Alan  
[2010] SGHC 327

Case Number| :| Originating Summons No 720 of 2010  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 03 November 2010  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Quentin Loh J  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Hema Subramanian, Low Siew Ling and Lim Sai Nei
(Attorney-General's Chambers) for the applicant; M Ravi (L F Violet Netto) for
the respondent.  
Parties| :|  Attorney-General — Shadrake Alan  
  
3 November 2010| Judgment reserved.  
---|---  
  
Quentin Loh J:

Introduction

1 This is an application by the Attorney-General to commit Mr Alan Shadrake,
the author of _Once a Jolly Hangman: Singapore Justice in the Dock_ (Petaling
Jaya, Malaysia: Strategic Information and Research Development Centre, 2010)
(“the book”), for contempt of court in relation to certain passages in the
book. These passages are said to scandalise the judiciary by alleging or
insinuating that:

(a) the Singapore Judiciary, in determining whether to sentence an accused
person to death, succumbs to political and economic pressures, and more
generally does not mete out justice impartially, lacks independence and is
complicit in an abuse of the judicial process;

(b) the Singapore Judiciary is biased, particularly against the weak, poor and
less educated, or is otherwise guilty of impropriety; and

(c) the Singapore Judiciary is a tool of the People’s Action Party to muzzle
political dissent in Singapore.

While the alleged contempt is criminal in nature, the application for
committal is made, as is usual in such cases, pursuant to O 52 of the Rules of
Court (Cap 322, R 5, 2006 Rev Ed).

The Law: Generally

2 The contempt being alleged here is the contempt of scandalising the court.
The law in Singapore on this issue can be mainly found in nine reported
decisions of the High Court spanning from September 1967 to February 2009: ­
_Re application of Lau Swee Soong_ [1965–1967] SLR(R) 748 (“ _Lau Swee Soong_
”); _A-G v Pang Cheng Lian_ [1974–1976] SLR(R) 271 (“ _Pang Cheng Lian_ ”);
_A-G v Wong Hong Toy_ [1983–1984] SLR(R) 34 (“ _Wong Hong Toy_ ”); _A-G v
Zimmerman Fred_ [1985–1986] SLR(R) 476 (“ _Zimmerman_ ”); _A-G v Wain Barry J_
[1991] 1 SLR(R) 85 (“ _Wain_ ”); _A-G v Lingle_ [1995] 1 SLR(R) 199 (“
_Lingle_ ”); _A-G v Chee Soon Juan_ [2006] 2 SLR(R) 650 (“ _Chee Soon Juan_
”); _A-G v Hertzberg Daniel_ [2009] 1 SLR(R) 1103 (“ _Hertzberg_ ”); and _A-G
v Tan Liang Joo John_ [2009] 2 SLR(R) 1132 (“ _Tan Liang Joo_ ”). There are
other cases which also touch on this issue and I will be referring to them in
due course.

3 Counsel vigorously disputed the appropriate test to be applied in deciding
whether the statements complained of have scandalised the court.

(a) Ms Subramanian for the Attorney-General submitted that the law has been
settled by the decisions set out above. The test to be applied is the inherent
tendency test, _viz_ , whether the acts or words complained of had the
inherent tendency to interfere with the administration of justice. This test
is said to countenance a lower threshold. This is so even though Ms
Subramanian accepts that the burden on her is proof beyond a reasonable doubt.

(b) Mr Ravi, counsel for Mr Shadrake, argued that the real risk test should be
applied, _ie_ , the Attorney-General had to prove that the acts or words
complained of had a real risk of undermining public confidence in the
administration of justice in Singapore. This test is said to have a higher
threshold relative to the inherent tendency test. Mr Ravi argues that other
jurisdictions apply the real risk test and we should do the same. Mr Ravi also
argues that what Mr Shadrake wrote is also fair criticism and within the right
of free speech guaranteed under Article 14 of our Constitution.

There is no Court of Appeal decision on this point. Mr Ravi says I am
therefore free to depart from these earlier decisions and urged me to do so as
our society is now more mature and more educated.

4 Ms Subramanian for the Attorney-General submitted that the “inherent
tendency” test has been affirmed and settled by these decisions, which I
should follow. In this regard she cited _Mah Kah Yew v PP_ [1968-1970] SLR(R)
851 and _Young v Bristol Aeroplane_ [1944] 1 KB 718. I do not think that
either _Mah Kah Yew_ or _Young v Bristol Aeroplane_ assists the Attorney-
General here. _Mah Kah Yew_ did not lay down a rule of horizontal _stare
decisis_ for the High Court, and the rule of horizontal _stare decisis_ stated
in _Young v Bristol Aeroplane_ is inconsistent with Court of Appeal authority
expressly affirming that the High Court is not bound by its previous
decisions: see _Wong Hong Toy v PP_ [1985-1986] SLR(R) 656 at [11]. In
fairness, Ms Subramanian did concede that I am not technically bound by
previous decisions of the High Court.

5 It is therefore necessary, in light of Mr Ravi’s arguments for changing the
test and the law, for me to consider the Singapore cases, the decisions from
other jurisdictions cited to me by Mr Ravi, as well as the substantive reasons
for and against departing from the present position. However, I must bear in
mind that the decisions of my learned colleagues and predecessors over the
past four decades are entitled to the very greatest respect and unless there
are compelling reasons to do so, I should not depart from them.

The rationale for the law and its relation with the freedom of speech

6 It is appropriate to begin the discussion by recalling the rationale
underlying the contempt of scandalising the court, a rationale which is often
stated but still bears repetition. In Wilmot J’s draft judgment in _R v Almon_
(1765) Wilm 243 at 255–256, which was not delivered because the prosecution
was dropped, but, according to the reporter’s note, was nevertheless reported
because “it was thought to contain so much legal knowledge on an important
subject, as to be worthy of being preserved”, the rationale is articulated
thus:

The arraignment of the justice of the Judges, is arraigning the King’s
justice; it is an impeachment of his wisdom and goodness in the choice of his
Judges, arid excites in the minds of the people a general dissatisfaction with
all judicial determinations, and indisposes their minds to obey them; and
whenever men’s allegiance to the laws is so fundamentally shaken, it is the
most fatal and most dangerous obstruction of justice, and, in my opinion,
calls out for a more rapid and immediate redress than any other obstruction
whatsoever; not for the sake of the Judges, as private individuals, but
because they are the channels by which the King’s justice is conveyed to the
people. _To be impartial, and to be universally thought so, are both
absolutely necessary for the giving justice that free, open, and uninterrupted
current, which it has, for many ages, found all over this kingdom_ ...

[Emphasis added]

7 The importance of public confidence in the administration of justice,
emphasised in Wilmot J’s eighteenth century opinion, has continued to receive
judicial affirmation across common law jurisdictions in modern times. Lord
Diplock declared in _A-G v Times Newspaper Ltd_ [1974] 1 AC 273 at 307 (“
_Times Newspaper_ ”) that:

... in any civilised society it is a function of government to maintain courts
of law to which its citizens can have access for the impartial decision of
disputes as to their legal rights and obligations towards one another
individually and towards the state as representing society as a whole. The
provision of such a system for the administration of justice by courts of law
and _the maintenance of public confidence in it, are essential if citizens are
to live together in peaceful association with one another_. "Contempt of
court" is a generic term descriptive of conduct in relation to particular
proceedings in a court of law which tends to undermine that system or to
inhibit citizens from availing themselves of it for the settlement of their
disputes. Contempt of court may thus take many forms.

[Emphasis added]

And at 309, that:

The due administration of justice requires first that all citizens should have
unhindered access to the constitutionally established courts of criminal or
civil jurisdiction for the determination of disputes as to their legal rights
and liabilities; secondly, that they should be able to rely upon obtaining in
the courts the arbitrament of a tribunal which is free from bias against any
party and whose decision will be based upon those facts only that have been
proved in evidence adduced before it in accordance with the procedure adopted
in courts of law; and thirdly that, once the dispute has been submitted to a
court of law, they should be able to rely upon there being no usurpation by
any other person of the function of that court to decide it according to law.
_Conduct which is calculated to prejudice any of these three requirements or
to undermine the public confidence that they will be observed is contempt of
court_.

[Original emphases removed; emphasis added)

8 In _S-G v Radio Avon Ltd_ [1978] 1 NZLR 225 (“ _Radio Avon_ ”), the New
Zealand Court of Appeal, whose judgment was delivered by Richmond P, stated at
230 that:

The justification for this branch of the law of contempt [_ie_ scandalising
the court] is that _it is contrary to the public interest that the public
confidence in the administration of justice should be undermined_.

[Emphasis added]

9 In _Gallagher v Durack_ (1983) 152 CLR 238 at 243, the majority of the High
Court of Australia, comprising Gibbs CJ, Mason, Wilson and Brennan JJ, stated
that:

_The authority of the law rests on public confidence, and it is important to
the stability of society that the confidence of the public should not be
shaken by baseless attacks on the integrity or impartiality of courts or
judges_. However, in many cases, the good sense of the community will be a
sufficient safeguard against the scandalous disparagement of a court or judge,
and the summary remedy of fine or imprisonment “is applied only where the
Court is satisfied that it is necessary in the interests of the ordered and
fearless administration of justice and where the attacks are unwarrantable”:
_R. v. Fletcher; Ex parte Kisch_ , per Evatt J.

[Emphasis added]

10 In _Secretary for Justice v Oriental Press Group Ltd and others_ [1998] 2
HKC 627 (“ _Oriental Press Group_ ”), the Hong Kong Court of First Instance
stated at [48] that:

A civilised community cannot survive without effective machinery for the
enforcement of its laws. The task of enforcing those laws falls on the courts,
and on the judges who preside over them. _It has always been regarded as vital
to the rule of law for respect for the judiciary to be maintained and for
their dignity to be upheld. If it were otherwise, public confidence in the
administration of justice would be undermined, and the law itself would fall
into disrepute_. That is the rationale for the branch of the law of contempt
known as “scandalising the court”.

[Emphasis added]

11 In _Pertamina Energy Trading Ltd v Karaha Bodas Co LLC_ [2007] 2 SLR(R)
518, Andrew Phang Boon Leong JA, writing for the Court of Appeal in the
context of alleged breaches of court orders, similarly stated at [22] that:

It is imperative to note ... that the doctrine of contempt of court is not
intended, in any manner or fashion whatsoever, to protect the dignity of the
judges as such; its purpose is more objective and is (more importantly) rooted
in the public interest.

12 The focus on the administration of justice, as opposed to the personal
dignity and sensibilities of judges, is reflected in, among other things, the
fact that contempt only applies in respect of publications relating to a judge
_qua_ judge; it does not apply comments directed at a judge purely in his
personal capacity: see the Privy Council’s advice _In the Matter of a Special
Reference from the Bahamas Islands_ [1893] AC 138. In theory, the appropriate
cause of action in such situations is slander or libel. But to my knowledge
our judges have not seen fit in the past to bring such actions, and I do not
foresee that they will do so in the future.

13 It is apparent that the offence represents a significant restriction on
free speech and expression. In this regard, the common law has, even before
the advent of explicit constitutional guarantees, jealously protected the
right to make fair criticism of the courts. As Lord Atkin declared in his
memorable speech in _Ambard v A-G of Trinidad and Tobago_ [1936] 1 AC 322 at
335 (“ _Ambard_ ”):

But whether the authority and position of an individual judge, or the due
administration of justice, is concerned, no wrong is committed by any member
of the public who exercises the ordinary right of criticising, in good faith,
in private or public, the public act done in the seat of justice. The path of
criticism is a public way: the wrong headed are permitted to err therein:
provided that members of the public abstain from imputing improper motives to
those taking part in the administration of justice, and are genuinely
exercising a right of criticism, and not acting in malice or attempting to
impair the administration of justice, they are immune. _Justice is not a
cloistered virtue: she must be allowed to suffer the scrutiny and respectful,
even though outspoken, comments of ordinary men_.

[Emphasis added]

14 The first Lord Russell of Killowen CJ, whose statement of the law on
contempt, which I shall come to, has been cited with approval by more than one
of our Singapore cases, spoke to similar effect in _R v Gray_ [1900] 2 QB 36
at 40:

Judges and Courts are alike open to criticism and if reasonable argument or
expostulation is offered against any judicial act as contrary to law or the
public good, no Court could or would treat that as contempt of Court.

15 Lord Denning MR has also affirmed the right to criticise the courts in _R v
Commissioner of Police, ex parte Blackburn (No 2)_ [1968] 2 QB 150 at 155, but
requested would-be detractors to remember that the court would be unable to
respond to them:

Let me say at once that we will never use this jurisdiction as a means to
uphold our own dignity. That must rest on surer foundations. Nor will we use
it to suppress those who speak against us. We do not fear criticism, nor do we
resent it. For there is something far more important at stake. It is no less
than freedom of speech itself.

It is the right of every man, in Parliament or out of it, in the Press or over
the broadcast, to make fair comment, even outspoken comment, on matters of
public interest. Those who comment can deal faithfully with all that is done
in a court of justice. They can say that we are mistaken and our decisions
erroneous, whether they are subject to appeal or not. All we would ask is that
those who criticise us will remember that, from the nature of our office, we
cannot reply to their criticisms. We cannot enter into the public controversy.
Still less into political controversy. We must rely on our conduct itself to
be its own vindication.

16 I would add the following observations of my own. The relationship between
the courts and the public is symbiotic. Individuals depend on the courts to
administer justice impartially and effectively; to do so, the courts require
the confidence of the public. Without the confidence of the public, the laws
administered by the courts cease to embody the collective will of the
community; the force of law gives way to the law of force. It is in the public
interest that the public confidence in the courts to administer justice in
accordance with law does not falter. On this the cases speak with one voice.
It is therefore an axiom of the common law that justice should not only be
done, but should manifestly and undoubtedly be seen to be done. It is
similarly imperative that the public continues to maintain an active interest
and trust in the administration of justice.

17 Judges do not claim infallibility, contrary to what Mr Ravi says. As the
Chief Justice said, in discussing courts as institutions: “There are learned
judges and less learned judges. There are strong judges and weak judges. There
are industrious judges and lazy judges.” See “Securing and Maintaining the
Independence of the Court in Judicial Proceedings” [2010] 22 SAcLJ 229 at
[30]. Not to acknowledge this fact of life is to act like the proverbial
ostrich burying its head in the sand.

18 Neither do judges entertain for a moment the naive conceit that confidence
in the courts can be won by sanctioning those who criticise the courts. If
anything, unmerited punishment results in derision and resentment. At the end
of the day, the confidence of the public can only be won if we faithfully
adhere to our constitutional oath to do right by all manner of people after
the laws and usages of the land, without fear or favour, affection or ill-
will, to the best of our abilities, and to preserve, protect and defend the
Constitution of the Republic of Singapore.

19 There is, nevertheless, a meaningful role for the offence: given the
restraint which judges must exercise in replying to their critics, the offence
provides an avenue for the Attorney-General, as the guardian of the public
interest, to bring to task those who make dishonest, unwarranted or baseless
attacks which, if left unchecked, would impair the confidence of the public in
the administration of justice. If exercised scrupulously, the power of the
court to punish for contempt would have the salutary effect of ensuring that
public confidence does not falter as a result of such attacks, without unduly
restricting public discussion on the administration of justice. The balance is
well-stated by the Chief Justice in [2010] 22 SAcLJ 229 at [21]:

... mechanisms such as the doctrine of contempt should not be used to stifle
fair and reasonable criticism of the work of the Judiciary and also judicial
decisions. The right to criticise is only part of the freedom of speech and
expression the citizen enjoys in a democracy and its exercise will encourage
or ensure that judges are independent in their decision-making. It is a form
of public review similar to judicial review of executive acts, where judges
look over the shoulders of the Executive to correct its mistakes. Hence, the
doctrine of judicial independence calls for the judicious use of the contempt
power, and the final appellate court has a responsibility to ensure a judicial
restraint in the use of this power. Fair and objective criticism of judicial
decisions will instil accountability and greater discipline in decision-
making. If no one is allowed to judge judges, there could be lawless courts
and irresponsible judging. But criticism of judgments should not lead to the
denigration of judges.

Which courts are covered

20 There was no dispute before me that the contempt of scandalising the court
can be committed against the Supreme Court as well as the subordinate courts
constituted under the Subordinate Courts Act (Cap 321, 2007 Rev Ed). This must
be right: the offence should extend to all courts exercising the judicial
power of the Republic, which under Article 93 of the Constitution is vested
“in a Supreme Court and such subordinate courts as may be provided by any
written law for the time being in force.” However, as the subordinate courts
only have the power to punish for contempt committed in the face of the court
(see s 8(1) of the Subordinate Courts Act), the contempt of scandalising the
court can only be punished by the High Court.

Actus reus: Real risk or inherent tendency

21 I turn to consider the elements required at common law for establishing the
contempt of scandalising the court. As mentioned, the appropriate test to be
applied is strongly disputed by both parties.

22 The fount of the modern law is the judgment of Lord Russell CJ in _R v
Gray_ , where he states at 40:

Any act done or writing published _calculated to bring a Court or a judge of
the Court into contempt_ , or to lower his authority, is a contempt of Court.

[Emphasis added]

Lord Russell CJ’s is the first English decision on scandalising the court in
the twentieth century, coming a year after Lord Morris declared in _M’Leod v
St Aubyn_ [1899] AC 549 at 561, wrongly as it turned out, that: “Committals
for contempt of Court by scandalizing the Court itself have become obsolete in
this country. Courts are satisfied to leave to public opinion attacks or
comments derogatory or scandalous to them.” All the same, it has to be noted
that the definition of contempt was not an issue faced by the court, since
counsel conceded that the publications in that case were clearly contemptuous.

23 Given the arguments before me, an important question is what Lord Russell
CJ meant by “calculated”. Little guidance is provided in his Lordship’s short
judgment. Some assistance can be derived from his Lordship’s earlier judgment
in _R v Payne_ [1896] 1 QB 577, concerning an alleged interference with
pending proceedings. There it was emphasised at 580 that: “Every libel on a
person about to be tried is not necessarily a contempt of Court; but the
applicant must shew that something has been published which either is clearly
intended, or at least is calculated, to prejudice a trial which is pending.”
This dictum clearly uses “calculated” to mean effect, in contradistinction to
intention, or purpose. But, crucially for present purposes, it leaves unclear
whether effect refers to the effect of the publication, read by itself, or the
effect of the publication in the circumstances and context in which it was
published. This was left to later cases, which I will come to in a moment.

24 The “real risk” formulation first appeared in the judgment of the court,
delivered by Lord Parker CJ, in _R v Duffy, ex p Nash_ [1960] 2 QB 188 (“ _R v
Duffy_ ”), concerning an alleged interference with pending litigation. Lord
Parker CJ founded himself on the law as stated by Lord Russell CJ in _R v
Payne_ , including the dictum which I have just referred to, as well as the
dictum of Lord Goddard CJ in _R v Odhams Press Ltd_ [1957] 1 QB 73 at 80: “The
test is whether the matter complained of is calculated to interfere with the
course of justice.” In concluding the judgment, Lord Parker CJ held that:

The question always is whether a judge would be so influenced by the article
that his impartiality might well be consciously, or even unconsciously,
affected. In other words, was there _a real risk, as opposed to a remote
possibility_ , that the article was calculated to prejudice a fair hearing? In
the present case we have come to the clear conclusion that there was obviously
no such risk; and that, therefore, the article did not constitute a contempt
of court.

[Emphasis added]

There is nothing which indicated that Lord Parker CJ intended to depart from
the existing law in requiring that there should be a “real risk, as opposed to
a remote possibility” that the offending article was calculated to prejudice a
fair hearing.

25 In any event, the real risk standard was approved in _Times Newspaper_ ,
which concerned an alleged interference with pending litigation. Lord Reid
held at 298–299:

I think the true view is that expressed by Lord Parker C.J. in _Reg_. v.
_Duffy, Ex parte Nash_ [1960] 2 Q.B. 188, 200, that there must be “ _a real
risk, as opposed to a remote possibility.” That is an application of the
ordinary de minimis principle_. There is no contempt if the possibility of
influence is remote. _If there is some but only a small likelihood, that may
influence the court to refrain from inflicting any punishment. If there is a
serious risk some action may be necessary_. And I think that the particular
comment cannot be considered in isolation when considering its probable
effect. If others are to be free and are likely to make similar comments that
must be taken into account.

[Emphasis added]

At 312, Lord Diplock agreed with Lord Reid’s formulation:

... I agree with my noble and learned friend, Lord Reid, that, given conduct
which presents _a real risk as opposed to a mere possibility of interference
with the due administration of justice, this is at very least a technical
contempt_. The seriousness of that risk is relevant only to the question
whether the contempt is one for which the court, in its discretion, ought to
inflict any punishment and, if so, what punishment it should inflict.

[Emphasis added]

It is clear from the quoted passage from Lord Reid’s speech that resort to
context is necessary to determine the effect of the publication.

26 _Times Newspaper_ was not cited to the Privy Council in _Lutchmeeparsad
Badry v Director of Public Prosecutions_ [1983] 2 AC 297 (“ _Badry_ ”), an
appeal from Mauritius where the Board considered at 304 that “nothing has
intervened in the past 80 years to invalidate the analysis of the first Lord
Russell of Killowen in _Reg_. v. _Gray_ [1900] 2 Q.B. 36”. The constitution of
the Board in _Badry_ was completely different from the House in _Times
Newspaper_. Nevertheless, the Board’s analysis at 305–306 of the several
publications said to scandalise the court casts light on what it understood to
be the long established test in _R v Gray_ :

... the Supreme Court [of Mauritius], with knowledge of the conditions local
to Mauritius and the nuances of the Creole expressions, is in a position far
more qualified to understand its meaning than their Lordships...

...

It must be said at once that the words found to have been uttered by the
appellant in either variant version are vulgar, scurrilous, abusive and
lacking in respect to the person of a judge which would be expected, though,
were they uttered in this country, it may be doubted whether they would be
calculated to lower the authority of the judge rather than the reputation of
any public man who uttered them so as to bring them within the condemnation of
Lord Russell of Killowen's definition of contempt. Nevertheless ... it may be
doubted whether, if the Supreme Court had simply said that in the
circumstances prevailing in Mauritius these words were “calculated to bring a
judge of the court into contempt or to lower his authority,” this Board would
have felt it proper to differ from their opinion.

It is clear that the Board thought that, in deciding whether the publications
were “calculated to bring a judge of the court into contempt or to lower his
authority”, it was necessary to look at the actual or potential effect of the
words in light of the conditions and context in which they were uttered.
Therefore, in this regard at least, the traditional test formulated by Lord
Russell CJ in _R v Gray_ and applied by the Privy Council in _Badry_ is not
different from the “real risk” test formulated by Lord Parker CJ in _R v
Duffy_ and accepted by the House of Lords in _Times Newspaper_. _Badry_ is
also instructive for the Board’s observation that what may scandalise the
judiciary in Mauritius may not have a similar effect in England.

27 _Times Newspaper_ was clearly accepted in New Zealand, where the Court of
Appeal held in _Radio Avon_ at 234, after referring to the speeches of Lords
Reid and Diplock, that:

[a person] ought not to have been convicted of contempt unless the facts
established beyond reasonable doubt that there was _a real risk, as opposed to
a remote possibility_ , that the [impugned publication by him] would undermine
public confidence in the administration of justice.

[Emphasis added]

28 In Hong Kong, the Court of First Instance in _Oriental Press Group_
referred to the above authorities and accepted the “real risk” standard,
subject to the following two reservations, stated at [55]:

The first relates to the phrase "a real risk". By adopting that phrase, we are
not to be taken as laying down a rule that it must be more likely than not
that public confidence in the due administration of justice would have been
undermined. _The phrase "a real risk" should be given its ordinary meaning. It
means a good chance as opposed to a mere possibility. Whether such a risk has
been established will depend on the circumstances of each case including the
nature of the act done or the language of the publication used. It will also
depend on whether there is a pending action or whether the act or publication
is targeted at a particular case or at the court or judge generally_. The
second reservation relates to the section of the public whose confidence in
the administration of justice must be affected. We do not think it right to
limit consideration to the hypothetical reasonable man, as Goodman JA did in
the Kopyto case at p.263: it is just as important that confidence in the
administration of justice is not undermined in the eyes of the person who does
not address issues rationally. Accordingly, we think that the real test should
be: was there a real risk that the acts complained of would undermine
confidence in the due administration of justice in the minds of at least some
of the persons who were likely to become aware of the publication or acts
complained of?

[Emphasis added]

The appeal by one of the parties to the Court of Appeal was dismissed, with
all members of the court agreeing that the “real risk” standard was correct:
_Wong Yeung Ng v Secretary for Justice_ [1999] 2 HKC 24 (“ _Wong Yeung Ng_ ”).
The Court of Final Appeal refused leave to appeal further, declaring that:
“The courts below have given detailed and cogent reasons for reaching their
conclusion ... There is no prospect of the Court of Final Appeal differing
from their conclusion”: _Wong Yeung Ng v Secretary of Justice_ [1999] 3 HKC
143 at [13].

29 In _Ahnee v Director of Public Prosecutions_ [1999] 2 AC 294 at 306 (“
_Ahnee_ ”), the Privy Council was also to advise in an appeal from Mauritius
that “[t]here must be a real risk of undermining public confidence in the
administration of justice” before the offence of contempt was made out.

30 The Australian position is similar: see _R v Hoser and Kotabi Pty Ltd_
[2001] VSC 443 at [55] (“ _Hoser_ ”) and _McGuirk v University of NSW_ [2009]
NSWSC 1058 at [239] to [272]. In _Hoser_ , Eames J added, at [226] and [228] a
practical dimension to the application of the “real risk” test:

The many statements of appellate courts about the need for restraint in the
exercise of the contempt jurisdiction are of course important reminders that
this is a criminal jurisdiction, and that the courts must be ever alert not to
use a significant power to assuage the hurt feelings of judges and
magistrates. But against that, in my opinion, the courts should not be so
anxious to demonstrate their robustness and lofty disregard for trenchant
criticism that they fail to recognise that a concerted campaign against the
integrity of the courts and judicial officers, even if employing what the
appellate courts might regard to be simplistic and patently absurd arguments
may, if unanswered, damage the reputation of the courts, especially at the
trial level. It is, after all, more difficult to mount a credible argument
that three or five appellate judges are all part of a conspiracy or are
tainted by bias than it is to allege that against a magistrate or judge
sitting alone.

...

The earlier statements of appellate courts, stressing the extreme caution
which must be exercised before punishing contempt, must be read now in the
light of the new reality that organised and quite sophisticated campaigns
against the integrity of the courts, if unchecked, may prove very effective in
damaging the reputation of the courts. The “practical reality” of the judicial
system being unreasonably damaged must today be considered against the
backdrop of the means of mass communication provided by desktop publishing and
the Internet.

Eames J’s dictum is a useful reminder that the offence of scandalising the
court is _not_ based on the sensibilities of judges – if public confidence in
the administration is actually or potentially affected, the publication is
_prima facie_ in contempt; it matters not that the judge himself prefers to
exhibit an attitude of lofty disregard. On appeal, the Victorian Court of
Appeal affirmed Eames J’s finding that “there was a real risk that as a matter
of practical reality [the impugned publication] had a tendency to undermine
the confidence of the public in the administration of justice and lower the
authority of the courts”: _Hoser v R_ [2003] VSCA 194 at [36].

31 I turn now to the position in Singapore. In _Lau Swee Soong_ , decided soon
after Independence, Choor Singh J cited approvingly the “real risk”
formulation adopted by Lord Parker CJ in _R v Duffy_. As shown above, this was
the progenitor of _Times Newspaper_ and other decisions which adopted the
“real risk” formulation. _Lau Swee Soong_ itself concerned ministerial remarks
said to prejudice the trial of the respondent, who was a student charged for
rioting.

32 Lord Russell CJ’s test in _R v Gray_ has been cited with approval in _Pang
Cheng Lian_ , _Wong Hong Toy_ , _Wain_ , _Lingle_ , _Chee Soon Juan_ , and
_Tan Liang Joo_. I have already considered _Badry_ ’s case, which makes clear
that Lord Russell CJ’s test requires a consideration of the context in which a
publication was made before concluding that it scandalises the court.

33 The “inherent tendency” test was first articulated by Sinnathuray J in
_Wain_ at [54]:

... it is not a requirement of our law, as was submitted by Mr Robertson, that
in contempt proceedings it must be proved that the publication constitutes a
real risk of prejudicing the administration of justice. _In my judgment, it is
sufficient to prove that the words complained of have the inherent tendency to
interfere with the administration of justice_. But, of course, this must be
proved beyond a reasonable doubt.

[Emphasis added]

This passage was subsequently to be relied on in other decisions of the High
Court. It is, with respect, unhappily worded. It refers to interference with
the _administration of justice_ , which is the concern of _sub judice_
contempt, whilst the contempt of _scandalising the court_ is concerned with
_public confidence_ in the administration of justice. It also uses the
“inherent tendency” formula, suggesting that the words in the impugned
publication are to be looked at alone. But it is clear that Sinnathuray J did
not mean either of these things. At [61], the learned judge stated that: “In
applying the law to the facts in these proceedings, I was mindful of the
following general considerations”, before going on, at [61] to [64], to
consider the fact that the offending article was contained in a financial
newspaper of international repute which enjoyed a wide regional circulation in
Asia; written by the president of a major news organisation in the United
States; and published at a time when the impugned decision was given
saturation coverage in Singapore papers. These contextual considerations
relating to the potential effect of the impugned publication would not be
necessary if Sinnathuray J truly meant for the offending words to be looked at
alone, or if he meant to look at interference with the actual administration
of justice. Also, the contextual considerations could not have counted towards
sentence, which was considered in a separate judgment: _A-G v Wain Barry J_
[1991] 1 SLR(R) 108. In the circumstances, I have my doubts that Sinnathuray J
meant to depart from the traditional approach; indeed he referred approvingly,
at [43], to the dictum in _Badry_ that nothing has intervened to invalidate
the analysis of Lord Russell CJ in _R v Gray_. I have already mentioned that
_Badry_ would assess the potential effect of the impugned publication in
context. For completeness, however, and with great respect, it should be
stated that Sinnathuray J was plainly wrong in distinguishing (at [34]) the
English authorities after the beginning of the 1980s on the basis that they
were affected by the UK Contempt of Court Act 1981 (c 49) – that Act did not
regulate the contempt of scandalising the court and this was very clearly
stated in _Badry_ at 303–304.

34 The “inherent tendency” test was subsequently referred to in decisions of
the High Court and seems to have developed a life of its own. The cases
referring to _Wain_ are _Lingle_ , _Chee Soon Juan_ , _Hertzberg_ and _Tan
Liang Joo_. It is necessary to consider precisely what these cases decided.

35 In _Lingle_ , Goh J referred to _Wain_ for the proposition that it was not
necessary to show that a person intended to interfere with the administration
of justice before he can be held for contempt. As for the general test Goh J
followed _R v Gray_ , describing it as the _locus classicus_ of this area of
the law. The only issue in _Lingle_ was whether the impugned publication, an
article in the International Herald Tribune, referred to the Singapore courts.
Counsel conceded that an allegation that the judiciary was compliant to
politicians amounted to scandalising the court. There was therefore no
consideration of the “inherent tendency” test. However, it is interesting to
note that Goh J referred to the following dictum of Hope JA in _A-G of New
South Wales v Mundey_ [1972] 2 NSWLR 887 at 911:

... the question whether the defendant's statements constituted contempt must
be determined by reference to their _inherent tendency_ to interfere with the
administration of justice, and that the defendant's intention, while of some
relevance in this regard, is of importance mainly in relation to whether the
matter should be dealt with summarily, if any of the statements did constitute
contempt, and in relation to the question as to what penalty, if any, should
be imposed.

[Emphasis added]

Goh J’s judgment did not indicate that he saw a difference between the
“inherent tendency” formula used by Hope JA, and Lord Russell CJ’s dictum in
_R v Gray_.

36 In _Chee Soon Juan_ , the court held at [30] to [31] that:

30 The position in Singapore regarding the offence of scandalising the court
is well settled. Any publication which alleges bias, _lack of impartiality_ ,
impropriety or any wrongdoing concerning a judge in the exercise of his
judicial function falls within the offence of scandalising the court: _Wain_
's case at [53]. A number of local cases including _AG v Pang Cheng Lian_
[1974-1976] SLR(R) 271, _AG v Wong Hong Toy_ and _AG v Zimmerman Fred_ have
established that mounting unfounded attacks on the integrity of the Judiciary
or making allegations of bias and lack of impartiality, is contempt of court.

31 Liability for scandalising the court does not depend on proof that the
allegedly contemptuous publication creates a "real risk" of prejudicing the
administration of justice; it is sufficient to prove that the words complained
of have the "inherent tendency to interfere with the administration of
justice" (_per_ Sinnathuray J in _Wain_ 's case at [54]).

The offending publication in _Chee Soon Juan_ was a statement impugning the
impartiality of the judiciary. It was first read during a bankruptcy hearing
and subsequently distributed to media representatives outside the courtroom
and copied to 59 separate persons and organisations elsewhere. However, the
learned judge in _Chee Soon Juan_ did not advert to this fact in her analysis
as to whether the impugned statement was contemptuous, indicating that she
understood the “inherent tendency” test to require only an examination of the
words used in the publication. For the reasons given above, I am doubtful that
_Wain_ is authority for such a proposition. That said, given the circulation
of the impugned statement, whose contents were found to be contemptuous, I
have no doubt that the facts of _Chee Soon Juan_ would have satisfied the
“real risk” test, had it been applied.

37 In _Hertzberg_ , the court explored the “inherent tendency” test in some
detail. It is necessary to quote the judgment at some length:

17 [Mr Jeyaratnam, counsel for the respondent,] submitted that] the court
should nonetheless consider (a) whether there was a real risk that the
publications would undermine public confidence in the administration of
justice and (b) whether the publications were nonetheless protected by the
defence of fair criticism. In respect of (a), Mr Jeyaretnam pointed out that
what was meant by an "inherent tendency" was not well explained by the local
courts, although a decision of the Singapore High Court in _Re Application of
Lau Swee Soong; Lau Swee Soong v Goh Keng Swee_ [1965-1967] SLR(R) 748 ("_Lau
Swee Soong_ ") had explained (at [36]) the term to mean the presence not just
of a real risk of interference but "a real and grave one". However, implicit
in the more recent decisions such as _Wain_ and the summary of the law in this
area provided in _AG v Chee Soon Juan_ [2006] 2 SLR(R) 650 ("_Chee Soon Juan_
") at [31], "inherent tendency" was referred to as something less than a "real
risk". Mr Jeyaretnam submitted that I should equate "inherent tendency" with
"real risk" as was done in _Lau Swee Soong_ and/or adopt the real risk test
like other jurisdictions such as England, Australia, New Zealand and Hong
Kong, given that the real risk formulation was clearer and would strike a more
appropriate balance between protecting the institution of an independent
judiciary and the right of freedom of expression. In his written submissions,
reference was made to the New South Wales Law Reform Commission Report on
Contempt by Publication (Report No 100) which noted that the tendency test had
been widely criticised as being "imprecise and unclear, as well as too broad"
(at para 4.8).

...

27 ... The test of liability for the offence, as rightly pointed out by the
AG, is simply that of inherent tendency. In other words, a publication which
alleges bias, lack of impartiality, impropriety or any wrongdoing concerning a
judge in the exercise of his judicial function would necessarily contain words
that have the inherent tendency to interfere with the administration of
justice. As borne out in the analysis of the cases of _Chee Soon Juan_ and
_Wain_ themselves, the court in each case did not embark on a two-stage
approach to determine if contempt was made out but merely proceeded to find if
the words complained of did make allegations of bias, lack of impartiality,
impropriety or any wrongdoing.

31 ... in my view, a statement which is said to have an inherent tendency to
interfere with the administration of justice is simply one that conveys to an
average reasonable reader allegations of bias, lack of impartiality,
impropriety or any wrongdoing concerning a judge in the exercise of his
judicial function.

32 The next question to ask then is whether Singapore should depart from the
"inherent tendency" test and adopt the "real risk" test. Indeed, the "real
risk" test appears to be the test presently preferred by many common law
countries (see generally _Contempt of Court_ ([19]  _supra_) at para 12.06;
see also _Time Newspapers Ltd_ ([19]  _supra_) at 299; _Ahnee_ ([21]  _supra_)
at 306; _Radio Avon Ltd_ ([19]  _supra_) at 234; and _Wong Yeung Ng_ ([21]
_supra_) at 59). The main reason for the adoption of the "real risk" test in
these jurisdictions is essentially the need to protect the right to freedom of
speech and expression and the broader test based on "inherent tendency" is
considered to inhibit the right to freedom of speech and expression to an
unjustifiable degree (see also the ALRC's report at paras 428 and 429). The
"inherent tendency" test is also criticised for its vagueness and is said to
impose liability without the offence being defined in sufficiently precise
terms (the ALRC's report at paras 428 and 431).

33 I agree with the AG that what are acceptable limits to the right to freedom
of speech and expression imposed by the law of contempt vary from place to
place and would depend on the local conditions (_McLeod v St Aubyn_ [1899] AC
549; _Wain_ ([13] _supra_) at [33]-[38]), as well as the ideas held by the
courts about the principles to be adhered to in the administration of justice
(_Re Tan Khee Eng John_ [1997] 1 SLR(R) 870 at [13]). As pointed out by Lai J
in _Chee Soon Juan_ ([17]  _supra_ at [25]-[27]), conditions unique to
Singapore (_ie_ , our small geographical size and the fact that in Singapore,
judges decide both questions of fact and law) necessitate that we deal more
firmly with attacks on the integrity and impartiality of our courts. Indeed,
the ALRC has also recognised the "inherent tendency" test has two clear
advantages (the ALRC report at para 427). First, it does not call for detailed
proof of what in many instances will be unprovable, namely, that public
confidence in the administration of justice really was impaired by the
relevant publication (_cf_ the "real risk" test which would require some
evidence to show that there is more than a remote possibility of harm).
Secondly, it enables the court to step in before the damage, _ie_ , the
impairment of public confidence in the administration of justice, actually
occurs.

34 In the light of our local conditions and the advantages that the "inherent
tendency" test has, I agree that the "inherent tendency" test should continue
to govern liability for contempt of court committed by "scandalising the
court" in Singapore. If we need to ask in each case whether there is a real
risk that public confidence in the administration of justice has been impaired
by contemptuous remarks, it may lead to an absurd situation where a person at
a dinner party who keeps shouting to all present that the Judiciary is
completely biased will not be held in contempt of court simply because no one
at the party bothers about his ranting or is affected by his remarks. It would
be more logical in such a situation to hold that contempt of court has been
committed and then go on to consider whether there is a real risk that public
confidence in the administration of justice has been impaired in deciding
whether or not to punish the contemnor and, if so, to what extent. In other
words, the issue of the said real risk has no bearing on liability but is
relevant only for mitigation or aggravation of the punishment (or even whether
or not punishment should be imposed in a particular case at all).

38 It is clear from [31] that the court regarded the “inherent tendency” test
laid down in _Wain_ as simply requiring an analysis of the words used, to
determine whether they convey to an average reasonable reader allegations of
bias, lack of impartiality, impropriety or any wrongdoing concerning a judge
in the exercise of his judicial function. I have already said that I am, with
respect, doubtful that _Wain_ can stand for this proposition.

39 Further, as Mr Ravi suggested, it is not clear that _Hertzberg_ fully
appreciated the definition of the law relied on in the two law reform reports
which it drew on in support of the inherent tendency test, _viz_ the
Australian Law Reform Commission’s Report No 35, “Contempt” (Australian
Government Publishing Service: Canberra, 1987), and the New South Wales Law
Reform Commission’s Report No 100, “Contempt by publication” (2003): see
_Hertzberg_ at [17], [32] and [33]. In criticising the “inherent tendency”
test, the former report stated at para 431 that:

The notion of an ‘inherent tendency’ leaves room for doubt as to how
substantial the tendency must be. _Obviously, there must be more than a remote
possibility of harm_ ; conversely, an inherent tendency seems somewhat less
substantial than a ‘real risk’. The alternative formulation – that the
statement in question must be ‘calculated to’ impair public confidence etc -
likewise leaves room for argument.

[Emphasis added]

As mentioned, the test in _Times Newspaper_ , _Ahnee_ , _Radio Avon_ and _Wong
Yeung Ng_ , referred to at [32] of _Hertzberg_ , defined “real risk” in
contradistinction to a “remote possibility”, _ie_ the same way which the
Australian Law Reform Commission defined “inherent tendency” in the passage
just quoted. (The proposition in the report that an inherent tendency seems
somewhat less substantial than a real risk does not find support in the case
law.) Therefore, it is unclear why _Hertzberg_ rejected the “real risk” test
laid down in those decisions but agreed with the “inherent tendency” test as
defined in the report of the Australian Law Reform Commission’s report. As for
the report of the New South Wales Law Commission, _Hertzberg_ relied (see
[17]) on its section on _sub judice_ contempt, where the law was described as
follows:

**Current test for liability**

4.6 The current test for liability for sub judice contempt is generally
formulated in terms of “tendency”.A publication must be shown to have _a real
and definite tendency, as a matter of practical reality_ , to prejudice or
embarrass particular legal proceedings, in order to constitute a contempt.The
prosecution bears the burden of proving the necessary tendency, beyond a
reasonable doubt.

4.7 Liability for sub judice contempt depends on the _potential effect of a
publication_ on legal proceedings, rather than on proof of any actual effect
the publication may have had. The court assesses the tendency of a publication
to cause prejudice by examining the nature of the publication and the
circumstances surrounding it, as they appeared at the time of publication...

[Emphasis added]

Speaking for myself, it is difficult to see any practical distinction between,
on the one hand, the report’s formula of a “real and definite tendency, as a
matter of practical reality” and the requirement to consider the “potential
effect of a publication”, and, on the other hand, the “real risk” test
articulated in the decisions rejected in _Hertzberg_.

40 On the facts, _Hertzberg_ concerned three articles contained in the Wall
Street Journal Asia. Given that the contents of the articles were found to be
contemptuous, I have no doubt that the facts in _Hertzberg_ would have
satisfied the real risk test, had it been applied.

41 Finally, in _Tan Liang Joo_ at [12], Prakash J followed the “inherent
tendency” test as articulated by the previous decisions but with an important
proviso that context is relevant:

To establish contempt the law does not require that a complainant prove that
the act or words created a real risk of prejudicing the administration of
justice. It is sufficient for the claimant to prove beyond reasonable doubt
that the act or words complained of had the inherent tendency to interfere
with the administration of justice (_AG v Chee Soon Juan_ ([9]  _supra_) at
[31]; _AG v Wain Barry_ J at [54]; _AG v Hertzberg Daniel_ [2009] 1 SLR(R)
1103 (“ _AG v Hertzberg Daniel”_) at [34]). An act or statement has such an
inherent tendency if it would convey to an average reasonable reader or viewer
allegations of bias, lack of impartiality, impropriety or any wrongdoing
concerning a judge (and, _a fortiori_ , a court) in the exercise of his
judicial function (_AG v Hertzberg Daniel_ at [31]), _in the circumstances
that obtained at the time of the act or words_ (_AG v Wain Barry J_ at
[61]-[64]).

[Emphasis added]

It is significant that Prakash J cites [61] to [64] of _Wain_ as authority for
her proposition that the words must be understood “in the circumstances that
obtained at the time of the act or words”. Those paragraphs contained no such
words. They were, as indicated above, the paragraphs where Sinnathuray J
applied the “inherent tendency” test formulated by him to the facts. But, as I
noted above, Sinnathuray J’s reference to the context of the impugned
publication in those paragraphs, among other things, indicated that he did not
mean to introduce a test that was divorced from context. This was clearly not
lost on Prakash J, who considered the impugned conduct in context – the
wearing of “kangaroo court” t-shirts in the precincts and vicinity of the
Supreme Court – before concluding that they scandalised the court.

42 With respect, it is apparent to me that, on close examination, the
Singapore authorities are not as clear or settled as Ms Subramanian submitted
or as Mr Ravi assumed. Singh J in _Lau Swee Soong_ approved _R v Duffy_ ,
which contained the “real risk” formula taken up in later cases. Several other
cases relied on _R v Gray_ , which as interpreted in _Badry_ required the
consideration of the potential effect of the impugned publication in the
circumstances in which it was published. _Wain_ adopted the “inherent
tendency” formula, but in applying it made clear that the potential effect of
the publication must still be considered. _Wain_ also rejected a test based on
a real risk of prejudicing the administration of justice. _Hertzberg_
interpreted _Wain_ to mean that a statement which is said to have an inherent
tendency to interfere with the administration of justice is simply one that
conveys, to an average reasonable reader, allegations of bias, lack of
impartiality, impropriety or any wrongdoing concerning a judge in the exercise
of his judicial function. _Chee Soon Juan_ was to similar effect. _Hertzberg_
also rejected a test based on a real risk of undermining public confidence in
the administration of justice, while at the same time referred approvingly to
sources which defined “inherent tendency” no differently from the way “real
risk” was defined in the Commonwealth authorities. Finally, _Tan Liang Joo_
affirmed the inherent tendency test, but made explicit the need, implicit in
_Wain_ , to have regard to the circumstances that obtained at the time of the
impugned publication.

43 Against this state of the law, it is impossible to say that there is a
settled approach which binds me, or which I should follow as a matter of
consistency between High Court decisions. It is, in fact, necessary to return
to first principles and policy considerations to determine what the test
should be.

44 As can be seen from the authorities I have referred to, the universally
accepted rationale for this area of the law of contempt is the preservation of
public confidence in the administration of justice. In my view, it follows
quite imperatively from this rationale that the doctrine should, at the very
most, capture only conduct which has some potential adverse effect on public
confidence in the administration of justice. Conversely, the rationale cannot
support intervention in conduct which has no actual or potential adverse
effect on public confidence in the administration of justice. To the extent
that any of the cases contradict this proposition, I must respectfully decline
to follow them.

45 I turn now to consider the policy concerns expressed in the various High
Court decisions. In _Wain_ at [38], it was said that, differently from other
jurisdictions, “the administration of justice in Singapore is wholly in the
hands of judges and other judicial officers ... this condition must weigh
heavily in the application of the law of contempt in Singapore.” This concern
is undoubtedly valid, but in my view it can easily be accommodated in
assessing the potential effect of the impugned conduct. Mr Ravi points out,
relying on the article by Michael Hor and Colin Seah, “Selected Issues in the
Freedom of Speech and Expression in Singapore” (1991) 12 Sing L Rev 296 at pp
306–307, that other jurisdictions have not seen fit to apply a test which
differentiates between bench trials and jury trials. But I remain of the view
that this is a valid factor: in Singapore any mistake in deciding a case must
necessarily be the responsibility of the judge, and cannot be deflected to the
jury or anyone else.

46 In _Chee Soon Juan_ at [25], it was said that “the geographical size of
Singapore renders its courts more susceptible to unjustified attacks”. In
support of this proposition _Chee Soon Juan_ referred to _Ahnee_ at 306, where
the Privy Council advised, in the context of an appeal from the Supreme Court
of Mauritius, that “on a small island such as Mauritius the administration of
justice is more vulnerable than in the United Kingdom. The need for the
offence of scandalising the court on a small island is greater”. Again I have
no hesitation in accepting this as a general proposition. Mathematically, the
same conduct will, all other things being equal, have a greater actual or
potential effect in a jurisdiction with a smaller bench, a smaller population
and a smaller land area. However, I should point out, with all due respect,
that immediately after making the quoted remarks, the Privy Council went on to
make clear that “[t]here must be a real risk of undermining public confidence
in the administration of justice” before the offence was made out. It is also
pertinent to note that, in _Wong Yeung Ng_ , Mortimer V-P in the Hong Kong
Court of Appeal affirmed the lower court’s adoption of the “real risk”
standard (see above), even as he cautioned at [55] of his judgment that:

… the relatively small size of the Hong Kong's legal system is important. As
is demonstrated in this case communication with a very substantial proportion
of the population is easily achieved. Proceedings in court are widely
publicised. Many judges are known by name because of this reporting.
Confidence in our legal system, the maintenance of the rule of law and the
authority of the court are matters of special importance in our society. There
are frequent, if misconceived, expressions of anxiety in this respect.

47 In _Hertzberg_ at [33]–[34], which I set out again, it was said that:

33 I agree with the AG that what are acceptable limits to the right to freedom
of speech and expression imposed by the law of contempt vary from place to
place and would depend on the local conditions (_McLeod v St Aubyn_ [1899] AC
549; _Wain_ ([13] supra) at [33]-[38]), as well as the ideas held by the
courts about the principles to be adhered to in the administration of justice
(_Re Tan Khee Eng John_ [1997] 1 SLR(R) 870 at [13]). As pointed out by Lai J
in _Chee Soon Juan_ ([17] supra at [25]-[27]), conditions unique to Singapore
(ie, our small geographical size and the fact that in Singapore, judges decide
both questions of fact and law) necessitate that we deal more firmly with
attacks on the integrity and impartiality of our courts. Indeed, the ALRC has
also recognised the "inherent tendency" test has two clear advantages (the
ALRC report at para 427). First, it does not call for detailed proof of what
in many instances will be unprovable, namely, that public confidence in the
administration of justice really was impaired by the relevant publication
(_cf_ the "real risk" test which would require some evidence to show that
there is more than a remote possibility of harm). Secondly, it enables the
court to step in before the damage, _ie_ , the impairment of public confidence
in the administration of justice, actually occurs.

34 In the light of our local conditions and the advantages that the "inherent
tendency" test has, I agree that the "inherent tendency" test should continue
to govern liability for contempt of court committed by "scandalising the
court" in Singapore. If we need to ask in each case whether there is a real
risk that public confidence in the administration of justice has been impaired
by contemptuous remarks, it may lead to an absurd situation where a person at
a dinner party who keeps shouting to all present that the Judiciary is
completely biased will not be held in contempt of court simply because no one
at the party bothers about his ranting or is affected by his remarks...

The two concerns at [33] can well be met by a test which includes the
potential, and not merely the actual, effect of the impugned conduct. As for
the hypothetical given at [34], it would be an overzealous judiciary that
would regard rants (and especially inebriated rants) at a dinner party as
undermining public confidence in the administration of justice when no one
takes serious notice of or is bothered by those rants.

48 In my judgment, the policy concerns articulated above require a test which
is based on the potential adverse effect of the impugned conduct, as assessed
in the circumstances above. They do not require a test wider than that. As for
what degree of potentiality is required, I think that there is no need for the
law to intervene when the potential adverse effect on the administration is
_de minimis_ , remote or fanciful. The law does not concern itself with
trifles, and the law of contempt is no exception. To the extent that the cases
say otherwise, I would, with the greatest of respect, decline to follow them.

49 In my view, the various formulae adopted in the cases – conduct calculated
to lower the authority of the court, conduct having the inherent tendency of
conveying allegations of bias and other impropriety against the court, and
conduct posing a real risk of undermining public confidence in the
administration of justice, and so on – are not inconsistent with what I have
said. Both counsel seemed to have proceeded on the basis that there was a
significant difference between the real risk test urged by Mr Ravi and the
inherent tendency test defended by Ms Subramanian. I very much doubt this is
the case. Here it is appropriate to go back to Lord Reid’s speech in _Times
Newspaper_ , which I set out again:

I think the true view is that expressed by Lord Parker C.J. in _Reg. v. Duffy,
Ex parte Nash_ [1960] 2 Q.B. 188, 200, that there must be "_a real risk, as
opposed to a remote possibility_." That is an application of the ordinary _de
minimis principle_. _There is no contempt if the possibility of influence is
remote. If there is some but only a small likelihood, that may influence the
court to refrain from inflicting any punishment_.

[Emphasis added]

Lord Reid was defining a real risk in contradistinction to a remote
possibility, and that he considered this to be an application of the _de
minimis_ principle, which is the general principle that courts of justice do
not take trifling and immaterial matters into account: _Jowitt’s Dictionary of
English Law_ , 3rd ed (Sweet & Maxwell, 2010), vol 1 at p 642. I do not think
that the inherent tendency test, as formulated in _Wain_ , goes wider than
that.

50 But at the end of the day I must settle on a formula, and in doing so I
would adopt the attitude of the English Court of Appeal in _Times Newspaper_ ,
[1973] 1 QB 710 at 725:

We think that all these judicial definitions are attempting to describe the
same thing, and we do not intend to increase the confusion by adding yet
another definition of our own. It may be that to a lawyer the word
"calculated" is precise enough, but the decision to publish or not must often
be taken by a layman, and we would prefer to adopt the words which are most
helpful to him.

Now, if it were a pure question of semantics I would see no reason to depart
from the “inherent tendency” formula established in _Wain_ , which, as I read
it, required an assessment of the effect of the impugned publication in the
context it was made. But, with respect, that formula has shown itself to be
susceptible of controversy and misunderstanding, not least because the literal
meaning of _inherent_ tendency tends to obscure the fact that a _contextual_
analysis is actually required. Indeed, given how the word “inherent” is
commonly understood to indicate something _intrinsic_ , an inherent tendency
test would therefore appear to preclude any consideration of extrinsic
factors. This unnecessary complication need not exist. Similarly, the test has
also appeared at times to encompass, in theory at least, publications which
have no potential effect on public confidence in the administration of
justice. I would therefore prefer the “real risk” formula, that is, a
publication must pose a real risk of undermining public confidence in the
administration of justice before it is held to be contemptuous. This formula,
in my view, precisely conveys to the layman, and indeed to lawyers, what the
law is concerned with.

51 I should emphasise several aspects of the test. First, a real risk, as
defined in the cases, is not to be equated with a serious or grave risk, but
merely something more than a _de minimis_ , remote or fanciful risk. It must
have substance, but need not be substantial. _A fortiori_ , it is not
necessary to show that public confidence was actually undermined by the
impugned publication. As Lord Reid made clear in his speech in _Times
Newspaper_ , any degree of risk above the _de minimis_ level, including “a
small likelihood”, is a contempt, with the seriousness of the risk going only
to mitigation. For good measure, I should reiterate that the facts of the
Singapore cases where the “inherent tendency” test was applied – _viz Wain_ ,
_Chee Soon Juan, Hertzberg_ and _Tan Liang Joo_ – would have satisfied the
“real risk” test as I have stated it.

52 Secondly, whether such a real risk is posed is eminently an objective
question of fact to be determined in light of all the circumstances of the
case, including the author and nature of the publication and the scope of its
dissemination (_Wain_), and bearing in mind local conditions (_Badry_). In
this last regard, important considerations include the fact that we are a
small, crowded, multiracial and multi-religious nation, where information
travels rapidly and where social tensions, if developed and brought to a boil,
will rapidly propagate. Some of the factors emphasised in the cases should
also be borne in mind. The first is that raised in _Oriental Press Group_ at
[55], that those who come into contact with the impugned publication may not
always be average reasonable persons. They may be less rational, or, I should
add, they may be more discriminating. It is therefore not always appropriate
to assess the real risk to public confidence by reference to the average
reasonable person – the appropriate reference point depends on the facts of
each case. The second consideration is that raised in _Wong Yeung Ng_ by
Mortimer V-P at [53], and by Eames J in _Hoser_ at [228] – the court must
consider what would happen if the impugned publication was left unchecked.
Third, the authority and credibility which the publication possess, or claims
to possess: see _eg Wain_ at [61] to [62] (article in a financial paper of
international repute, written by the president of a major news organisation),
and _Hoser_ at [218] (alleged contemnor set himself up to be a person of
eminence in the investigation of corruption). Finally, there is the fact that
judges in Singapore are the sole arbiters of fact and law in cases coming
before the courts (_Wain_).

53 Thirdly, I would reiterate the law is not concerned with the effect of the
impugned publication on the judge hearing the application to commit; it looks
to the potential effect on public confidence in the administration of justice.
If a judge finds that an impugned publication poses a real risk of undermining
public confidence in the administration of justice, the publication is _prima
facie_ in contempt even though the judge might personally take a more liberal
view of its contents. If a judge finds that the impugned publication does not
pose any real risk of undermining public confidence, he must decline to
commit, even though he is personally outraged by the contents. Similarly, the
law is not concerned with the subjective intentions or opinions of the author.
The issue at all times is the actual or potential effect on public confidence.

54 Fourthly, the requirement for a real risk, while very wide, is not
illusory. One example is the hypothetical found in _Hertzberg_ : if rants made
at a dinner party are shown to have been ignored, I cannot see that they would
pose a real risk to public confidence in the administration of justice.
Another illustration can be found in the facts of _Ex p A-G; Re Goodwin_
(1969) 70 SR (NSW) 413, where a letter circulated by a disappointed litigant
to the Attorney-General of New South Wales and 13 Registrars of the district
courts was found to be in contempt. I am in no position to assess the
situation in Australia or New South Wales. But I am very certain that, should
the same letter be circulated to the Attorney-General, or the Registry of the
Supreme Court or the subordinate courts, it will not pose the slightest risk
of undermining public confidence in the administration of justice. In fact, I
should say from personal experience that such letters are not infrequently
received by the Registry of the Supreme Court, and copied to holders of high
public office such as the Attorney-General, ministers, and permanent
secretaries, but the Attorney-General has not, quite correctly in my view,
seen fit to take action against them in the law of contempt.

Mens rea

55 There was no dispute that the only _mens rea_ which is needed at common law
is that the publication is intentional; and that it is not necessary to prove
an intention to undermine public confidence in the administration of justice.
If authority is needed it can be found in _Radio Avon_ at 232–234; _Ahnee_ at
307; _A-G New South Wales v Mundey_ [1972] 2 NSWLR 887 at 911–2.

Constitutional considerations

56 Mr Ravi also argued that Article 14 of the Constitution compels me to adopt
the “real risk” test. Article 14 provides in material part as follows:

**Freedom of speech, assembly and association**

14\. —(1) Subject to clauses (2) and (3) —

(a) every citizen of Singapore has the right to freedom of speech and
expression;

…

(2) Parliament may by law impose —

(a) on the rights conferred by clause (1) (_a_), such restrictions as it
considers necessary or expedient in the interest of the security of Singapore
or any part thereof, friendly relations with other countries, public order or
morality and restrictions designed to protect the privileges of Parliament or
to provide against contempt of court, defamation or incitement to any offence

57 Article 14 does not define contempt, and neither does Parliament – s 7(1)
of the Supreme Court of Judicature Act (Cap 322, 2007 Rev Ed) merely provides
for the power of the High Court and the Court of Appeal to punish for
contempt, and does not define the offence. The offence therefore falls, by
necessary implication, to be defined by the courts. But that does not mean
that the courts – or Parliament, should it take up the issue – have unlimited
scope in defining the offence. They must do so consistently with the words,
structure and spirit of Article 14, which clearly demand some kind of balance
to be struck between the freedom of speech, which is the rule, and the offence
of contempt, an exception to the rule. At the very minimum, neither can be
defined in such a way that renders the other otiose.

58 With respect, despite some references to constitutional authorities in
other jurisdictions, Mr Ravi did not distinctly address me on how Article 14
compels the adoption of the real risk test. In the absence of properly
focussed argument, and also in the light of the fact that I have concluded
that the real risk test urged by Mr Ravi should be adopted at common law, I
must decline to enter into constitutional exposition. It is sufficient for me
to note that Mr Ravi has not argued that an offence of scandalising the court
is inherently unconstitutional, and that the majority of cases have concluded
that the real risk test, coupled with a right of fair criticism, constitutes a
reasonable limit on the freedom of speech and expression: see _Wong Yeung Ng_
, _per_ Mortimer V-P at [32]–[59]; _per_ Mayo JA at [79]–[97]; _per_ Leong JA
at [107]–[117]; _Ahnee_ at 305–306; _S-G v Smith_ [2004] 2 NZLR 540 at 568;
and _Nationwide News Proprietary Ltd v Wills_ (1992) 177 CLR 1.

Defences

59 I now consider the available defences. Ms Subramanian took the position
that the defences in defamation of justification and fair comment are not
available in contempt, relying in this regard on _Wain, Chee Soon Juan_ and
_Hertzberg_. She submitted that fair criticism was the only available defence.
As for Mr Ravi, he appeared at some points to suggest that the impugned
statements in the book were justified. In his final set of written
submissions, however, he acknowledged that justification was not an available
defence to scandalising the court and that the relevant defence was that of
fair criticism. However, Mr Ravi did argue that fair criticism was a broader
defence than justification. He also argued that the rejection of fair comment
as a defence was merely semantic given the acceptance of fair criticism,
implying that both defences are similar. In the circumstances, it is just as
well that I examine the defences of justification, fair comment, and fair
criticism, bearing in mind that, even at common law, the protection of public
confidence in the administration of justice has to be balanced against the
freedom of speech.

60 _Chee Soon Juan_ held that the defences of justification and fair comment
in the law of defamation were not available in the law of contempt for the
following reasons:

45 It is imperative that the integrity of our judges is not impugned without
cause. The overriding interest in protecting the public's confidence in the
administration of justice necessitates a rejection of the defences at law for
defamation, particularly where accusations against a judge's impartiality are
mounted. In the words of the authors of _Borrie & Lowe_ ([21] supra) at p 351,
"[a]llegations of partiality are treated seriously because they tend to
undermine confidence in the basic function of a judge" [emphasis added].

46 Allowing the defence of fair comment would expose the integrity of the
courts to unwarranted attacks, bearing in mind that a belief published in good
faith and not for an ulterior motive can amount to "fair comment" even though
the belief in question was not reasonable (see _Slim v Daily Telegraph Ltd_
[1968] 2 QB 157). Singapore judges do not have the habit of issuing public
statements to defend themselves (as some UK judges have been prone to do). Our
judges feel constrained by their position not to react to criticism and have
no official forum in which they can respond. That does not mean that they can
be attacked with impunity.

47 In a similar vein, admitting the defence of justification would, in effect,
allow the court hearing the allegation of contempt to "sit to try the conduct
of the Judge": (see _Attorney-General v Blomfield_ (1914) 33 NZLR 545 at 563).
Recognising the defence of justification would give malicious parties an added
opportunity to subject the dignity of the courts to more bouts of attacks;
that is unacceptable.

48 There are more appropriate channels through which genuine concerns
regarding the Judiciary can be ventilated. The Constitution has, by way of Art
98, established a means of recourse to deal with judges undeserving of their
office. The proper course for anyone who believes that he has evidence of
judicial corruption or lack of impartiality is to submit it to the proper
authority.

61 In _Hertzberg_ , the court likewise distinguished defamation and contempt:

23 One should be circumspect about drawing parallels between the law of
contempt (especially that relating to the offence of "scandalising the court")
and the law of defamation. Both impose restrictions on the right to freedom of
speech and expression. For the conflict between defamation and the right to
freedom of speech and expression, see Doris Chia and Rueben Mathiavaranam,
_Evans on Defamation in Singapore and Malaysia_ (LexisNexis, 3rd Ed, 2008)
("_Evans on Defamation_ ") at p 1. "Scurrilous" allegations made against
judges (which fall within the ambit of “scandalising the court") may be both
contemptuous and defamatory (of the individual judge) (see _Contempt of Court_
([19] supra) at para 12.06). As noted by the learned author of _Contempt of
Court_ , the points of similarity between the law of defamation and
"scandalising the court" prompt one to inquire whether the defences one
associates with defamation, such as justification and fair comment, are
similarly available in a case of contempt (at para 12.31). In my view, it is
clear that parallels should not be drawn between the two branches of law
despite the similarities that they seem to share, given that they exist
essentially for different purposes; the law of contempt (as already seen
above) is concerned with the protection of the administration of justice and
is grounded in public interest but the law of defamation is concerned with the
protection of a private individual's reputation (see generally Patrick Milmo
QC and WVH Rogers (gen eds), _Gatley on Libel and Slander_ (Sweet & Maxwell,
10th Ed, 2004) at para 1.1 and _Evans on Defamation_ at p 1). I agree with
both T S Sinnathuray J ("Sinnathuray J") and Lai Siu Chiu J ("Lai J") that
defences in defamation have no application in the realm of contempt of court
(see Wain ([13] supra) at [55]-[60] and _Chee Soon Juan_ ([17] supra) at
[44]-[47])...

The court went on to cite the passages in _Chee Soon Juan_ quoted above, and
concluded that “[t]he law of defamation and the law of contempt are distinct
in principle and in purpose. They should not be regarded as though they were
one and the same.”

62 The applicability of justification and fair comment has also been
considered by other jurisdictions. In _A-G v Blomfield_ (1914) 33 NZLR 545,
relied upon by Lai J in _Chee Soon Juan_ , Williams J held at 563 that “[t]he
court does not sit to try the conduct of the Judge.” However, in the later
decision of _Radio Avon_ , the New Zealand Court of Appeal alluded to the
possibility of applying the defences of justification and fair comment,
without reaching a conclusion.

63 In _R v Nicholls_ (1911) 12 CLR 280, Griffith CJ, delivering the judgment
of the High Court of Australia, stated at 286 that:

I am not prepared to accede to the proposition that an imputation of want of
impartiality to a Judge is necessarily a contempt of Court. On the contrary, I
think that, if any Judge of this Court or of any other Court were to make a
public utterance of such character as to be likely to impair the confidence of
the public, or of suitors or any class of suitors in the impartiality of the
Court in any matter likely to be brought before it, any public comment on such
an utterance, if it were a fair comment, would, so far from being a contempt
of Court, be for the public benefit, and would be entitled to similar
protection to that which comment upon matters of public interest is entitled
under the law of libel.

64 In _Nationwide News Pty Ltd v Wills_ , Mason CJ said at [12] of his
judgment that “[s]o long as the defendant is genuinely exercising a right of
criticism and not acting in malice or attempting to impair the administration
of justice, he or she is immune.” Likewise, Brennan J said at [5] of his
judgment that:

It is not necessary, even if it be possible, to chart the limits of contempt
scandalizing the court. It is sufficient to say that the revelation of truth –
at all events when its revelation is for the public benefit – and the making
of a fair criticism based on fact do not amount to a contempt of court though
the truth revealed or the criticism made is such as to deprive the court or
judge of public confidence.

65 In _Ahnee_ at 306, the Privy Council rejected the notion that an imputation
of bias is necessarily contemptuous, and agreed with the suggestion in _R v
Nicholls_ that there might be a defence analogous to fair comment in such
situations:

The classic illustration of such an offence [_ie_ scandalising the court] is
the imputation of improper motives to a judge. But, so far as _Ambard's_ case
[1936] A.C. 322 may suggest that such conduct must invariably be an offence
their Lordships consider that such an absolute statement is not nowadays
acceptable. For example, if a judge descends into the arena and embarks on
extensive and plainly biased questioning of a defendant in a criminal trial, a
criticism of bias may not be an offence. The exposure and criticism of such
judicial misconduct would be in the public interest. On this point their
Lordships prefer the view of the Australian courts that such conduct is not
necessarily an offence: _Rex v. Nicholls_ (1911) 12 C.L.R. 280.

66 In the United Kingdom, the Committee on Contempt of Court, chaired by
Phillimore LJ, considered in its Report (Cmnd 5794) (HMSO, 1997) that
justification should be a defence when it is for the public benefit:

We considered whether ... it should be a sufficient defence merely to prove
that the allegation was true. In view of the special constitutional position
of courts and judges, we do not think that a criminal trial is the right way
of testing this issue. A defence of truth may or may not be advanced in good
faith; an allegation of bias, for example, may follow a long and responsible
investigation or it may be generalised or malicious invective on the part of
somebody who has lost his case. The latter is usually not doubt, best ignored
but if, in an extreme case, a prosecution were brought and such a defence put
forward its effect would simply be to give the defendant a further and public
platform for the wide publication of his assertions or allegations, which
might be wholly without foundation. An allegation of bias in relation to a
particular case might, if the defendant were permitted to plead justification,
be used in effect as a means of getting a case reheard. Finally, a simple
defence of truth would permit the malicious and irresponsible publication of
some damaging episode from a judge’s past, however distant, calculated to cast
doubt upon his rightness to try a particular case or class of cases. We
therefore do not consider that truth alone should be a defence.

We think, however, that if, in addition to proving the truth of his
allegation, a defendant can show that its publication was for the public
benefit he should be entitled to an acquittal. We are very much alive to the
juridical difficulties of such a defence, but the present context, in our
view, justifies its creation and there is a precedent for it in the closely
analogous law of criminal libel in England and Wales. We would, however, add
an important proviso. In our view, the proper course for anyone to take who
believes that he has evidence of judicial corruption or lack of impartiality
is to submit it to the proper authority, namely, the Lord Chancellor or the
Secretary of State for Scotland, as the case may be. It is they who have the
power of removal of judicial officers below the High Court level if they
misbehave, and they are the appropriate recipients for complaints as to the
conduct of High Court Judges. It is hard to conceive how it could be held to
be for the public benefit to publish allegations imputing improper motives to
those taking part in the administration of justice if the defendant had taken
no steps to report the matter to the proper authority, or to enable that
authority to deal with it.

67 I cannot accept, as a matter of basic principle, that a court would regard
as contemptuous a statement of fact which is true; in fact, I would say that
it is very much in the public interest that judicial impropriety should be
brought to light. At the same time, I see considerable force in the Phillimore
Committee’s argument that an application for committal is not the right place
to try an allegation of judicial error or impropriety, and that recognising a
bare defence of justification would allow _mala fide_ defendants a further and
public forum to repeat their contempt. In particular, such defendants may
engage in vexatious and abusive attempts to subpoena witnesses or obtain
discovery in order to justify their contempt after the fact. I do not see,
however, how the possibility of such abuses is addressed by imposing an
additional requirement of public benefit, as proposed by the Phillimore
Committee and suggested in the Australian cases.

68 I also cannot agree with the suggestion made by the Phillimore Committee
and _Chee Soon Juan_ , and taken up by Ms Subramanian, that all discussions of
judicial wrongdoing must be directed to the Prime Minister or the Chief
Justice, with the aim of activating the removal mechanism provided for in
Article 98(3) of the Constitution. The public must be able to debate judicial
conduct without seising the removal mechanism in Article 98(3). Indeed,
frequent resort to the extraordinary mechanism in Article 98(3) cannot be
healthy for the independence of the judiciary.

69 As for fair comment, I agree with _Chee Soon Juan_ and _Hertzberg_ that the
defence cannot be directly imported into contempt. The defence of fair comment
balances the public interest in unrestricted discussion on matters of public
importance and the private interest of the defamed person in his or her
reputation. By contrast, in the offence of scandalising the court, the
interest countervailing to free speech, as indicated by the majority in
_Gallagher v Durack_ at 243, is quite different:

The law endeavours to reconcile two principles, each of which is of cardinal
importance, but which, in some circumstances, appear to come in conflict. One
principle is that speech should be free, so that everyone has the right to
comment in good faith on matters of public importance, including the
administration of justice, even if the comment is outspoken, mistaken or
wrong-headed. The other principle is that "it is necessary for the purpose of
maintaining public confidence in the administration of law that there shall be
some certain and immediate method of repressing imputations upon courts of
justice which, if continued, are likely to impair their authority”...

In the light of this difference in underlying rationales, it would be
inappropriate to import wholesale the defence of fair comment into the law of
contempt. That said, it may well be that there is in the final analysis some
functional similarity between fair comment and fair criticism.

70 I turn now to fair criticism. The law in this regard has been ably
addressed by Prakash J in _Tan Liang Joo_. Prakash J accepted at [14] that
“[f]air criticism does not amount to contempt of court”, approving in this
regard Lord Atkin’s speech in _Ambard_ at 335 (Prakash J referred to the All
England Reports). Prakash J went on to elaborate the ambit of fair criticism
as follows:

15 It is apparent from Lord Atkin's reasoning, however, that there are limits
to the right of fair criticism. The criticism must be made in good faith and
must also be respectful. In determining whether _mala fides_ has been proved,
the court can take into account a wide range of factors.

16 One relevant factor is the extent to which the allegedly fair criticism is
supported by argument and evidence. There must be some reason or basis for the
criticism or else it would amount to an unsupported attack on the court...

...

18 Another relevant factor is the manner in which the alleged criticism is
made. The criticism must generally be expressed in a temperate and
dispassionate manner, since an intention to vilify the courts is easily
inferred where outrageous and abusive language is used ...

19 Such temperate, balanced criticism allows for rational debate about the
issues raised and thus may even contribute to the improvement and
strengthening of the administration of justice. Scurrilous and preposterous
attacks, on the other hand, are likely to have the opposite effect...

20 Apart from the two factors discussed above, courts have also taken into
consideration such factors as the party's attitude in court (see, for example,
_R v Vidal_ The Times (14 October 1922), cited in _Borrie & Lowe_ ([18]
_supra_) at p 349 n 15) and the number of instances of contemning conduct
(see, for example, _Regina v Glanzer_ (1963) 38 DLR (2d) 402). The list of
relevant factors is not closed. The court is entitled to take into account all
the circumstances of the case which in its view go towards showing bad faith.

I am in complete agreement with the above passages. Prakash J then referred to
and criticised the apparent English position that the acts or words in
question must not impute improper motives to or impugn the integrity,
propriety and impartiality of judges or the courts:

21 There is another, more contentious, limit on the right of criticism. It
appears from the English authorities above that the act or words in question
must not impute improper motives to nor impugn the integrity, propriety and
impartiality of judges or the courts (see, for example, Ambard ([14] supra);
_Halsbury's Laws of England_ ([18] supra); see also _Borrie & Lowe_ at pp
350-352). The rationale for this second limit is explained in _Borrie & Lowe_
as follows (at pp 350-351):

The courts are particularly sensitive to allegations of partiality, it being a
basic function of a judge to make an impartial judgment. The law goes to some
lengths to ensure that a judge has no personal interest in the case, his
decision being considered void and of no effect if bias is proved: nemo judex
in sua causa. Allegations of partiality are treated seriously because they
tend to undermine confidence in the basic function of a judge.

22 The need to maintain public confidence in the administration of justice
must, however, be balanced against the public interest in rooting out bias and
impropriety where it in fact occurs. We ought not to be so complacent as to
assume that judges and courts are infallible or impervious to human sentiment.
Thus, I have some sympathy for the view expressed in the New Zealand case of
_Solicitor-General v Radio Avon Ltd_ [1978] 1 NZLR 225 (at 231):

If this were the law [that allegations of improper motives, bias or
impropriety could not constitute fair criticism] then nobody could publish a
true account of the conduct of a judge if the matter published disclosed that
the judge had in fact acted from some improper motive. Nor would it be
possible, on the basis of facts truly stated, to make an honest and fair
comment suggesting some improper motive, such as partiality or bias, without
running the risk of being held in contempt.

23 The fear of baseless imputations of bias or impropriety is unfounded as the
court is able to take into account factors such as the existence of evidence
for such allegations under the requirement of _bona fides_. To my mind,
therefore, the second limit on the right to criticise is unnecessary and
potentially overly restrictive of legitimate criticism.

71 In this last regard, _Tan Liang Joo_ is at odds with _Hertzberg_ , which
took the position at [54] that criticism directed at the impartiality of the
courts or which imputes improper motives to the judges can never constitute
fair criticism.

72 I would elaborate on the defence of fair criticism as follows. First, there
should be some objective basis, whether in fact or in argument, for the
allegation made. Unless it is founded on notorious facts, the objective basis
must be stated together with the criticism, so that those who view the
publication can evaluate its merits. It is not necessary to establish an
unassailable basis for the criticism made against it or even a basis which is
objectively more reasonable than not. The reason, and I should emphasise this,
is because a court, in deciding whether the defence of fair criticism is made
out, is _not_ required or concerned to determine whether the criticism was
proved or disproved as a fact. In my view, it is sufficient for the defendant
to give some rational basis for the criticisms he makes. However, the cogency
of the rational basis required to support the allegation would increase
correspondingly with the seriousness of the allegation made. This is
consistent with the approach in other areas of law, _eg_ the proving of an
allegation of fraud or dishonesty in civil cases. It is further justified by
the fact that, the more serious the allegation made, the greater the risk it
poses to public confidence in the administration of justice, all other things
being equal. The seriousness of the allegation would depend on its contents,
the most serious being those allegations which strike at the core of the
judicial duty: the impartial administration of justice without fear or favour.
The seriousness of the criticism also depends on the authority which the
critic possesses or claims to possess – if a critic puts himself forward as an
expert, or having done exhaustive research, and so on, in criticising the
court, he will, quite naturally, be held to the higher standard which he has
claimed. For example, a financial paper of international repute (_Wain_), or a
person who claims to be an eminent investigator of corruption (_Hoser_), would
be expected to supply a correspondingly cogent basis for the criticisms which
they make. At the same time, it must be remembered that what is needed at the
end of the day is not proof of the criticism, merely some rational basis for
it. A censorious attitude must be eschewed.

73 Second, the allegation should be made in good faith. This means that the
person must genuinely believe in the truth of the criticism he made. There is
no public interest in protecting criticism which the defendant knew or
believed to be false at the time of making it. Likewise if the defendant acts
in reckless disregard of the truth or falsehood of his criticism. A key
consideration in assessing good faith, so defined, is whether the publication
presented such a selective, distorted or patently false view of the facts that
it goes beyond wrong-headedness and evinces a reckless disregard of the truth,
or even outright dishonesty. An essential part of good faith, so defined, is
that the rational basis cited in defence of a criticism against the court must
be known to the defendant when the criticism is made. This means that the
defendant who seeks to establish a factual basis for his criticism only during
the application for committal does so in vain – if he does not know the basis
for making the criticism when he made it, then he would have been acting in
bad faith, in which case the defence of fair criticism would not avail him.
Separately, if the defendant is shown to have acted in good faith, in the
sense of having a genuine belief in the truth of the criticism he makes, then
his purpose in making the criticism will not matter.

74 I pause here to note that the first two requirements mean that a person in
possession of facts supporting his criticism and who genuinely believes in the
truth of his criticism will be able to raise a defence to contempt. This
substantially obviates the need for justification as a defence and, in the
light of the difficulties associated with such a defence, I agree entirely
with the earlier decisions of our courts which declined to recognise it.

75 Third, the requirement for respectfulness must be tempered by the
realisation that the law in this area applies to everyone and not just those
who are bound by the rules of court decorum. The man in the street is as
entitled to criticise the courts as the learned professors in the
universities, and it would not be reasonable to expect every person to adopt
the refined language of scholarly discourse or court address. In my view, the
court should not penalise criticism which, though expressed (to use Lord
Atkin’s term) in outspoken language, is otherwise made in good faith and has
some objective basis in fact or reason. However, abusive, intemperate or
outrageous language should be eschewed, not least because an escalation of the
language used in criticism may convey a more serious criticism, for which a
more cogent basis would be required. It is, for example, one thing to say that
a judge has handed down a harsh and oppressive sentence without regard to
sentencing precedents, and quite another to say that he was actually biased
against the accused. Also, to the extent that trenchant criticisms are made
without some rational basis, they may for that reason fall outside of fair
criticism.

76 Fourth, I am in agreement with the tentative view in _Tan Liang Joo_ that
there should no limit to the kind of criticisms which can be made against the
court subject to the above three criteria being met. I should specifically say
that, while allegations of partiality and corruption are gravely insulting to
judges, for they strike at the very core of the court’s constitutional duty,
there is no reason in principle why a person who genuinely believes that the
court is partial and corrupt and has a rational basis for this belief should
not be able to say so without fear of being held in contempt. An example is
given in _Ahnee_ of a judge who engages in patently biased questioning of
witnesses. In fact, there is a powerful public interest, which has been
applied time and again in Singapore, of exposing and rooting out impropriety
and corruption on the part of those who hold public office, wherever or
whoever they may be. In the judicial context, V K Rajah JA has recently
declared that “[a] culture of openness has long since taken firm root in our
courts, with mistakes being acknowledged openly rather than being papered
over”: _Tan Lai Kiat v PP_ [2010] 3 SLR 1042 at [63]. And, as Prakash J opined
in _Tan Liang Joo_ , we cannot be so complacent as to assume that judges would
be infallible or impervious to human sentiment. At the same time, it should be
emphasised that, the more serious the criticism made, the more cogent must be
the arguments and facts cited in support of it.

Conclusion on the law

77 In summary, under the law as I understand it, the public and constitutional
interest in ensuring public confidence in the administration of justice is
given robust protection. All publications posing real risks of undermining
public confidence are _prima facie_ in contempt of court. Only _de minimis_ ,
remote and fanciful risks are excluded. Any greater risk, including that of a
“small likelihood”, is caught, although if the risk is not great there might
be a light sentence or none at all. At the same time, there is a defence of
fair criticism, in the terms which I have set out. Any risk posed to public
confidence as a result of fair criticism is justified. It is only in the
extreme situation, where a person criticises without any rational basis, or
without genuine belief in the truth of his criticism, that he will be caught
by the law of contempt. In the light of the importance of ensuring public
confidence in the administration of justice, this can hardly be considered an
excessive restriction of the freedom of speech. I recognise that the burden
would lie on the defendant to show that he was acting within his right of fair
criticism. But it is unlikely that cases in this area would turn on the burden
of proof, and in the event that they do the benefit of the doubt will of
course be given to the defendant. In any case, the ingredients of the defence
of fair criticism are in their nature matters within the knowledge of the
defendant, who is therefore not unduly burdened in exercising his right to
free speech. In my view, this approach strikes an adequate balance between the
freedom of speech and the countervailing constitutional interest in ensuring
that public confidence in the administration of justice does not falter as a
result of scandalous publications. The court, for its part, is not required to
pass on the truth or falsehood of the criticism levelled against it. A finding
that fair criticism applies simply vindicates the respondent’s right of free
speech.

Application to the facts

78 I turn now to the facts. The application for committal reads in material
part:

That Alan Shadrake, the author of the book “Once a Jolly Hangman: Singapore
justice in the dock” (the “Book”) do stand committed to prison or receive such
other punishment as the court may impose for his contempt of court by his acts
in connection with the bringing into existence, publication and distribution
of the Book which contains passages that scandalise the Singapore Judiciary.

The O 52 r 2(2) statement states in material part:

The grounds on which the said relief [of committal] are sought are that the
said Respondent has participated in acts in connection with the bringing into
existence, publication and distribution of the Book which contained passages
that scandalise the Singapore Judiciary.

The Book is about the administration of the death penalty in Singapore.

The Book contains passages which undermine the authority of the Singapore
courts and public confidence in the administration of justice in Singapore.
Without being exhaustive, this Statement sets out the passages which contain
imputations against the independence and integrity of the Singapore Judiciary.

It then refers to 14 statements from the book.

79 Mr Ravi objected to the Attorney-General’s caveats in using the words
“without being exhaustive” and “including” when referring to the 14
statements). I agree: the O 52 r 2(2) statement is exhaustive, by virtue of O
52 r 5(3), unless the court gives leave otherwise. Ms Subramanian quite
rightly confirmed that the Attorney-General was only proceeding on the 14
statements in its O 52 r 2(2) statement. But it is of course permissible to
have regard to the statements in the context of the book, and indeed both
parties provided the court with a copy of the book and situated their
arguments in the context of the book.

80 The O 52 r 2(2) statement also referred to the affidavit of Ms Kumarassamy
Gunavathy, a senior analyst with the Media Authority of Singapore.

81 When this matter first came up for hearing on 30 July 2010, Mr Shadrake
applied and was given leave to file an affidavit in reply. Mr Ravi also asked
for leave to file affidavits by third parties. At that time, Mr Ravi could not
specify who they were, but suggested tentatively that they could include the
German government, the International Bar Association and “other agencies”. I
ruled that Mr Ravi could apply for leave when he ascertained the third parties
who were prepared to file affidavits on behalf of Mr Shadrake. Mr Shadrake
filed an affidavit on 13 August, but his responses were not referenced
properly to the 14 statements impugned by the Attorney-General and there was
no response to one of the 14 statements. This was pointed out at a pre-trial
conference on 25 August. I gave Mr Shadrake leave to amend and re-file his
affidavit. I also asked Mr Ravi if Mr Shadrake wished to adduce any other
affidavit evidence. Mr Ravi said no. I also asked parties to inform me whether
there would be cross-examination at the next pre-trial conference, on 21
September. There Ms Subramanian indicated that the Attorney-General did not
require any cross-examination. Mr Ravi informed me that he was undecided, but
eventually confirmed by a letter dated 01 October 2010 that he would not be
applying to cross-examine the Attorney-General’s deponents.

82 When the application was finally heard, Mr Shadrake did not choose to
exercise his right under O 52 r 5(4) to give oral evidence on his own behalf.
As such, the hearing proceeded on the basis of the affidavits filed by both
sides.

83 I turn now to examine the facts. I will first lay down the context as
regards the publication and availability of the book and Mr Shadrake’s claims
of being an investigative journalist. I will then individually examine the 14
statements impugned by the Attorney-General to determine whether they were
made with rational bases and/or in good faith so as to constitute fair
criticism. I will then determine whether some or all of the 14 statements,
contextually considered, pose a real risk to public confidence in the
administration of justice, and, if so, whether Mr Shadrake is entitled to
claim fair criticism in respect of them.

Context

84 Ms Gunavathy deposed that she bought two copies of the book from Kinokuniya
Book Store of Singapore Pte Ltd at the Takashimaya shopping centre in Ngee Ann
City. She verily believes that the book has been sold in Singapore by several
bookstores, including Kinokuniya Book Store of Singapore Pte Ltd, Select Books
Pte Ltd and Mary Martin Book Sellers Pte Ltd. As Mr Ravi stated that cross-
examination was not necessary, the contents Ms Gunavathy’s affidavit must be
taken as accepted. Mr Ravi further informed the court that almost 6,000 copies
of the book have been sold internationally, especially at airports, and that
some copies are being circulated in Singapore. On these bases, I am satisfied
that the book has a not insignificant range of distribution. Also, Mr
Shadrake’s authorship of the book is not disputed.

85 Mr Shadrake has held himself out as an investigative journalist. For
example, in the preface to the book, Mr Shadrake wrote as follows at pp vii-
viii:

... An interview with Singapore’s hangman who had been chief executioner for
almost 50 years since colonial days was on my mind. It was a daunting task.
But after months of relentless sleuthing I managed to find the man who had
hanged an estimated 1,000 men and women mainly for murder and drug trafficking
– and surprisingly get him to talk. I _t led to a meticulous search of legal
files and archived cases going back to 1963 while interviewing abolitionists
and lawyers involved in many sensational cases that went largely under-
reported or not reported at all_. The result is a unique glimpse into the
deadly career of arguably the most prolific executioner in the world – a man
who believes he has helped keep Singapore one of the safest places in the
world. And something else. Something sinister: how the Singapore legal system
works in secret and how politics, international trade and business often
determine who lives and who dies on the gallows.

[Emphasis added]

Mr Shadrake then refers to his sources, which according to him include unnamed
lawyers, two unnamed officers of the Central Narcotics Bureau, and an
anonymous librarian who helped him delve into archived records at the National
Library. It is therefore plain from all this that Mr Shadrake is putting the
book forward as a product of his investigative journalism, and indeed he
describes himself as an investigative journalist with a long career at p 21 of
the book. At p 26, he says:

I wanted to expose some of the ghastly secrets of the gallows – the kind of
secrets Singapore’s leaders are so proud of, revere, put so much faith in but
don’t want anyone else to know about. Capital punishment in the tiny state had
for far too long been shrouded in this kind of secrecy and discussion on the
subject completely discouraged. It was time something was done about it in as
dramatic a way as possible, I thought to myself. Could I be the one to expose
the un-exposable? It would not be the first time I had rattled a few cages in
high places with an equally embarrassing expose ... But being trained in
journalism in the ‘publish and be damned’ way, I was determined to go ahead
come what may.

Also, anyone who picks up the book will readily see on the back cover of the
book the following description:

Over the past few decades, investigative journalism has come to mean the kind
of brave reporting that exposes injustice, wrongdoing and, above all, the
abuse of power. Alan Shadrake’s hard hitting new book cuts through the façade
of official silence to reveal disturbing truths about Singapore’s use of the
death penalty. From in-depth interviews with Darshan Singh, Singapore’s chief
executioner for nearly fifty years, to meticulously researched accounts of
numerous high profile cases, **Once A Jolly Hangman** reveals the cruelty and
imprudence of an entire judicial system. At the same time he displays a
touching empathy with the anguish of the victims and their families. This
important book should be required reading for human rights activists
everywhere.

and a bibliographical note:

**Alan Shadrake** is a renowned veteran investigative journalist and author
whose 50-year career has taken him around the world. His first major book
**The Yellow Pimpernels** told the escape stories across the Berlin Wall and
was the subject of a BBC documentary. Subsequent publications have delved into
a variety of subjects including an expose of life in a Soviet gulag, the story
of the boy poisoner Graham Young and, with Linda Lee, **The Life and Tragic
Death of Bruce Lee**. His appetite for unearthing the facts and presenting
unpalatable truths remains undiminished. He divides his time between Britain
and Malaysia.

The statements made in the book must therefore be scrutinised in this light.
Mr Ravi had argued that Mr Shadrake should be held to the standard of a
layperson. This is misconceived. The statements should be read, as they would
be read by members of the public, as coming from a person who has held himself
out to be an investigative journalist.

86 In this regard, I see as rather telling the fact that, notwithstanding Mr
Shadrake’s claims of being an investigative journalist who embarked on a
“meticulous search of legal files and archived cases going back to 1963 while
interviewing abolitionists and lawyers involved in many sensational cases that
went largely under-reported or not reported at all”, he did not produce any
evidence of his investigations during the hearing. The documentary evidence he
annexed to his affidavit comprised:

(a) excerpts from the autobiography of Mr Subhas Anandan, a local criminal
lawyer (“Mr Anandan’s autobiography”);

(b) the January 2004 report by Amnesty International entitled “Singapore – The
death penalty: A hidden toll of executions” (“Amnesty International’s
report”);

(c) a dated article by Ross Worthington “Between Hermes and Themis: An
Empirical Study of the Contemporary Judiciary in Singapore” (2001) 28(4)
Journal of Law and Society 490;

(d) the Chief Justice’s article referred to at [17] above, but this was
published after Mr Shadrake wrote his book;

(e) a transcript of the audio recording of an interview he did with Mr Subhas
Anandan on Vignes Mourthi’s case (discussed below); and

(f) the July 2008 report of the Human Rights Institute of the International
Bar Association, entitled “Prosperity versus individual rights? Human rights,
democracy and the rule of law in Singapore” (“the IBA report”).

His affidavit does not refer to any other material. For example, for the 1st
statement, he says: “In coming to this conclusion I relied on the information
in the book written by Singapore’s top criminal lawyer Mr Subhas Anandan.” For
the 2nd statement, he says: “The evidence I relied upon can again be found in
Mr Anandan’s book.” Such was the extent, or rather the limit, of the evidence
of his investigative journalism that he produced to the court.

The 1st statement

87 I turn now to the statements. The 1st statement, at p viii of the book,
reads:

Something sinister: how the Singapore legal system works in secret and how
politics, international trade and business often determine who lives and who
dies on the gallows.

Mr Shadrake argued in his affidavit that the 1st statement is meant to refer
to the abuse of prosecutorial discretion, and that it could not have been
directed at the courts, which in the cases he discusses are bound by the
mandatory death penalty. Mr Ravi submitted further that “legal system” is not
meant to include the judiciary, but refers to the prosecution, the legislature
and the executive.

88 I cannot accept these explanations. I cannot see how “legal system” can be
naturally read to include everything but the courts. The plain and ordinary
meaning of “system” is something which comprises several components or parts
that make up an organised whole. One does not, when referring to a system,
mean everything but one of its components. If anything. the courts are the
first thing that comes to mind when a reference is made to a country’s legal
system. I am also unable to accept that courts have no role to play when faced
with persons accused of crimes which carry the mandatory death penalty. The
courts do not impose the death penalty at the instance of the prosecution;
they do so after being satisfied beyond reasonable doubt of the guilt of the
accused person according to law. Therefore, in making the first statement, Mr
Shadrake is clearly accusing the courts (as well as other parts of the legal
system) of taking politics, international trade and business into account in
determining who lives and who dies on the gallows.

The 2nd statement

89 The 2nd statement, at p 3 of the book, refers to the case of Julia Bohl, a
German national who was arrested and initially charged with the capital
offence of trafficking more than 500 grams of cannabis, which was subsequently
reduced to a non-capital offence of trafficking in a smaller amount:

Shortly before a young German woman, known to have been running a lucrative
drugs ring in Singapore, was sentenced to only five years, of which she served
three for good behaviour – a slap on the wrist which was arranged by the
Singapore government under the threat of economic reprisals by the German
government.

The 2nd statement alleges that the Singapore government arranged for a light
sentence (“ _only_ five years”) for a _known_ drug trafficker, who was
“running a lucrative drugs ring in Singapore”, under threat of economic
reprisals by the home government of the trafficker. Mr Shadrake sought to
present the 2nd statement as a criticism of the prosecution for succumbing to
diplomatic pressure. This is plainly untenable given his reference to the fact
that the sentence of “only five years” was a “slap on the wrist arranged by
the Singapore government”. Sentencing is generally and in this case the
province of the courts, and the 2nd statement clearly alleges that the
sentence of Bohl by the courts was procured by the Singapore government under
the threat of economic reprisals by the German government. No rational basis
was provided for this allegation, which cannot therefore constitute fair
criticism.

90 Mr Shadrake’s proffered explanation for the 2nd statement, which I have
rejected, is revealing of his attitude towards his sources. The source he
cites for his explanation is Mr Anandan’s autobiography, at p 142, which reads
as follows:

As soon as Bohl was caught, the German government and its ambassador in
Singapore mounted a diplomatic offensive on her behalf, meeting several senior
Singapore government ministers in the process. **_Coincidentally_** _, it was
a technicality that saved Bohl from the gallows in the wake of this campaign.
Tests revealed that the amount of pure cannabis seized in Bohl’s apartment
weighed in at only 281 grams, below the 500 grams threshold. This meant that
Bohl faced a jail sentence of five to twenty years instead of execution_ ...

[Emphasis added]

On the basis of Mr Anandan’s autobiography, which Mr Shadrake relied on, the
prosecution could _not_ have preferred a capital charge, because the amount of
cannabis seized was below the threshold of 500 grams. There was no discretion
involved whatsoever, contrary to Mr Shadrake’s insinuation in his explanation
that the government preferred the lighter charge.

91 Though irrelevant to his guilt or innocence in the present case, I should
observe that, for all his claims to be an activist against the death penalty,
Mr Shadrake appears willing to assert that Bohl was guilty of a capital
offence without much in the way of proof.

The 3rd statement

92 The 3rd statement, at p 27 of the book, reads as follows:

It also put the spotlight on Singapore’s legal system which many observers
inside and outside the country believe has been perverted to suit political
and economic expediency.

“It” refers to the case of Ngyuen Tuong Van, an Australian citizen who was
convicted of drug trafficking and sentenced to death.

93 Mr Shadrake explained in his affidavit that his intention in making the 3rd
statement was to criticise the laws passed by Parliament which in his view
repressed free discussion of the death penalty, including limitations on the
right to assemble, which he referred to in the paragraph just before the one
where the 3rd statement is found. His reference to “legal system” should
therefore be read accordingly.

94 Once again, I find it difficult to read the reference to the system as
excluding the courts. But I do find that the 3rd statement does not
unambiguously refer to the courts, or to any judicial act or function, in
contrast to the 1st statement which refers to the imposition of the death
sentence. I therefore give Mr Shadrake the benefit of the doubt that the 3rd
statement does not specifically refer to the courts.

The 4th statement

95 The 4th statement, at p 100 of the book, refers to the case of Maria Krol-
Hmelak, who, together with one Peter Johnson, was acquitted of drug
trafficking by the late Lai Kew Chai J. The 4th statement (in bold) reads:

Following final submissions at the 28th session [of the trial] which began on
29 October, Judge Lai suddenly announced them both no guilty. Krol-Hmelak
could hardly believe her ears. She was free. Completely stunned she burst into
tears sobbing ‘What’s happening? What’s happening?’ She had been in jail for
two and a half years expecting she would end up on the gallows. Instead she
heard cries from embassy officials: ‘You’re free! You are free!’ It was an
extraordinary end to the case in which few believed she would not be found
guilty and hanged. The ‘I didn’t know’ plea had seemingly and perhaps
miraculously worked for her **but in Singapore funny things tend to happen on
the way to their courtrooms just as funny things happen when they arrive in a
theatre to perform in a comedy show**. However, in Singapore it has nothing to
do with humour.

In fact, many believe that Krol-Hmelak was guilty. But to hang her following
the uproar over van Damme’s death sentence might not have been wise. **So it
was very likely a government verdict not a judicial one. Singapore’s judiciary
is not free to decide who should live and who should die when vital business,
economic and diplomatic issues are at stake**.

96 These two paragraphs are set out in full because Mr Shadrake says in his
affidavit that if we read the paragraphs together, it will be seen that he
distinguishes foreign pressure and negotiations with the executive during the
prosecutorial stage as opposed to the judicial sentencing stage where judges
have no discretion to mitigate as the death penalty is mandatory. He also
referred to Mr Anandan’s autobiography at p 143 and asserted again that
diplomatic pressure occurs at the prosecutorial stage. Hence, he says, the use
of the phrase “on the way to the courtrooms.” Mr Shadrake’s misguided
reference to Mr Anandan’s autobiography has already been referred to above.

97 The reference to van Damme is to Johannes van Damme, a Dutchman who was
executed for trafficking around the time Krol-Hmelak was arrested, and whose
case is also discussed by Mr Shadrake in the same chapter as Krol-Hmelak’s
case. The chapter referred to anti-Singapore sentiment in the Netherlands in
relation to van Damme’s arrest and trial, saying that “in a national poll half
the [Dutch] population demanded the government send warships to Singapore and
rescue van Damme using military force.” It concluded by saying that Krol-
Hmelak left Singapore after being acquitted and that “the result, despite the
uproar when Johannes van Damme was hanged, meant business as usual between the
two countries. No one wanted another demand, however frivolous, for Dutch
warships to be sent to Singapore to spring this aging granny from the shadow
of the gallows.”

98 Mr Shadrake’s explanation in his affidavit only related to the first part
of the 4th statement. In that regard, his comparison of the legal process to a
comedy performed in a threatre is clearly mischievous when read alongside his
description of how the judge “suddenly” acquitted Krol-Hmelak, how her plea of
ignorance “had seemingly and perhaps miraculously worked for her”, and his
allegation that “funny things tend to happen” on the way to courtrooms in
Singapore. Even if I were to give Mr Shadrake the benefit of the doubt here
(which in itself is rather difficult since English is his native tongue), this
would still leave unexplained the second and more serious part of the 4th
statement, which alleged that the acquittal of Krol-Hmelak and Johnson “was
very likely a government verdict not a judicial one. Singapore’s judiciary is
not free to decide who should live and who should die when vital business,
economic and diplomatic issues are at stake.” Mr Shadrake’s affidavit had no
explanation for this plain allegation that the court ordered the acquittals
under pressure from the government or as a result of the dictates of business,
economics and diplomacy, not the rule of law. In his submissions, Mr Ravi
sought to justify this allegation on the basis that Lai Kew Chai J promised to
give detailed grounds for his decision but eventually did not do so. Even
assuming this to be a true account of the proceedings (absolutely no evidence
was given in this regard), Lai J’s eventual decision not to issue a judgment
can hardly form a rational basis for the grave allegation made by Mr Shadrake,
_ie_ that Lai J’s verdict was procured by the government. There can therefore
be no fair criticism in respect of the 4th statement.

99 I also note, once again, the ease with which Mr Shadrake concludes that
Krol-Hmelak was guilty of trafficking despite her acquittal by the court and
that was also the belief of “many”. But he gives no supporting evidence
despite having been given more than one opportunity to do so.

The 5th statement

100 The 5th statement (in bold), at p 3 of the book, is general in nature and
reads:

**Many of the cases I have investigated in this book show that justice in
Singapore is patently biased against the weak and disadvantaged while
favouring the wealthy and privileged**. This is especially true for foreigners
from powerful countries willing and able to use their economic might to have
the death penalty ‘abolished’ for their citizens. Business for Singapore is
far too important a matter to allow such a little local difficulty like
killing someone.

101 I have set out the full paragraph because Mr Shadrake explained in his
affidavit that, “when contextualised”, the 5th statement is clearly directed
against the political considerations being taken into account at the
prosecutorial stage. He relied in this regard on Julia Bohl’s case, where he
argued, relying on Mr Anandan’s autobiography, that diplomatic pressure made a
difference at the prosecutorial stage. He also states that his conclusion is a
reasonable inference that a neutral observer would draw when looking at the
cases highlighted and analysed side-by-side in his book.

102 I cannot accept this explanation. “Justice in Singapore” is not dispensed
by the prosecution; it is dispensed by the courts. Further, when read together
with Mr Shadrake’s allegation of a “government verdict” in the Krol-Hmelak
case (discussed above at [94]–[99]), and his allegations of favouritism in the
sentences of Dinesh Bhatia and Andrew Veale (discussed below at [106]–[114]),
it becomes apparent that the 5th statement encompasses cases where the courts
are alleged to favour the wealthy and the privileged.

103 As for Julia Bohl’s case, I have already pointed out that Mr Anandan’s
autobiography makes clear that Bohl could not have been charged with a capital
offence as the cocaine in her possession was simply below the threshold
quantity. There was no exercise of prosecutorial discretion to prefer a non-
capital charge. Mr Shadrake once again displays a tendency to distort his own
sources for his own purposes.

The 6th statement

104 The 6th statement (in bold), at p 5 of the book, is general in nature and
reads:

For most of the past century governments have too often attempted to justify
their lethal fury with reference to the so-called benefits such killing would
bring to the rest of society. This is also Singapore’s main argument for
keeping the death penalty. But the bloodshed is real and deeply destructive of
the common decency of the community; the benefits are illusory. More than
this, **the implementation of capital punishment is highly discriminatory.
According to Amnesty International, the death sentence is more likely to be
imposed in Singapore on those who are poorer and less educated making them
more vulnerable than average**.

Here Mr Shadrake appears to be making an argument that those convicted of
capital crimes are more likely to be poorer and less educated. Ms Subramanian
sought to argue that the 6th statement meant that the courts are biased
against the poor and less educated. Ms Subramanian submits that taken in the
broader context of his unwarranted and unsupportable comments made in relation
to various individual cases, Mr Shadrake is targeting the Singapore judiciary
as being against the poor, the less educated and the disadvantaged in
Singapore society.

105 While there is some small basis for Ms Subramanian’s submission, I have
taken the passage complained about in the context of the paragraph in which it
appears. The reference to Amnesty International’s report makes clear that Mr
Shadrake in making the 6th statement was talking only about the _incidence_ of
the death penalty, and not whether the courts are biased against certain
groups in imposing the death penalty. I therefore find that the 6th statement
did not allege any wrongdoing or impropriety on the part of the courts.

The 7th statement

106 The 7th statement, made up of 3 passages at pp 140–141 of the book, refers
to the case of _Dinesh Singh Bhatia s/o Amarjeet Singh v PP_ [2005] 3 SLR(R) 1
(“ _Bhatia_ ”), where V K Rajah J (as he then was) reduced the sentence of the
defendant to eight months from the 12 months imposed by the district court.
The 3 passages in the 7th Statement (in bold below) are found in two
paragraphs, which open by referring to a drug raid on 7 October 2004 before
continuing:

Of the arrests that night, the most surprising was that of a former High Court
judge’s son, Dinesh Singh Bhatia, 35, a private equity investor. His father,
Amarjeet Singh, a former judicial commissioner and also a senior counsel,
served on the United Nations war crimes tribunal for the Balkans. Dinesh’s
mother, Dr Kanwaljit Soin, was a former Nominated MP and orthopaedic surgeon,
and director of the London-based Help Age International, a global network
helping the disadvantaged elderly. Dinesh was charged with cocaine
consumption, and was facing 10 years behind bars or fined S$20,000 or both.
**But funny things often seem to happen on the way to court houses in
Singapore. Instead of getting ten years and a heavy fine, Bhatia, was jailed
for only 12 months for consuming cocaine**. His lawyer, a People’s Action
Party MP, K. Shanmugam, had told the court that Bhatia was not an addict at
all. He was given a drug by a friend but ‘did not know that it was cocaine’
although he had a ‘fleeting suspicion’ the substance could be illegal. ‘He
took in only impulse’, said Shanmugam. **An internet blogger wryly commented:
‘I would not remotely suggest that it might have helped Bhatia’s case that his
father was a judge, and his mother a former Singapore Member of Parliament.
Ignorance of the law is no defence!’**

So should Bhatia, a sophisticate about town, have known he was sticking
something illegal up his nose? On 7 April 2005, according to court records,
Bhatia appealed against his 12-month sentence and asked for a heavy fine
instead. Calling the previous sentence ‘excessive’, the appeal judge, VK
Rajah, said that the district judge erred by not tailoring the sentence to fit
the offender and failed to ‘attach adequate weight and merit to all the
relevant mitigating factors.’ He said the trial judge did not adequately
consider the fact that Bhatia’s consumption was neither planned nor purchased.
Justice Rajah then cut Bhatia’s sentence to eight months. **On 7 July 2005,
The Straits Times reported that Bhatia was ‘now at home serving out his
sentence wearing an electronic tag he cannot remove’. It did not say when this
favourable treatment began**.

107 In these two paragraphs, Mr Shadrake describes Bhatia’s initial sentence
as “only 12 months” as opposed to “10 years and a heavy fine”, refers to the
identities and social position of Bhatia’s parents, refers to the sarcastic
comment of an internet blogger that Bhatia’s sentence had nothing to do with
the identities of his parents, and describes Bhatia’s home detention as
“favourable treatment”. The juxtaposition of facts is mischievous, and the
unmistakable insinuation is that Bhatia was shown favouritism both in his
sentence and the way he served it. Bhatia’s home detention has nothing to do
with the courts, but the presentation of the facts makes it possible that an
uninformed reader would draw the conclusion that it was also arranged by the
courts. However, I am prepared to give Mr Shadrake the benefit of the doubt in
this regard.

108 As for Mr Shadrake’s grave insinuation that Bhatia’s sentence was a result
of favouritism by Rajah J, nothing was cited as support in the book other than
the suggestive reference to the identities of Bhatia’s parents when discussing
the sentence. This certainly cannot form a rational basis for such a grave
allegation.

109 What is more, the allegation was clearly made recklessly. Mr Ravi
confirmed no less than five times during the hearing that Mr Shadrake _had
read_ the reported judgment. Yet, no effort was made to refer to and refute
the reasons given in Rajah J’s judgment, which would have been the most
obvious thing to do if one was going to allege that the sentence was given as
a result of favouritism and could not stand up to scrutiny. There was not even
any evidence to show that Mr Shadrake had done research showing that the
sentence given to Bhatia was lighter than the norm (and this alone would
hardly have formed a rational basis for saying that the sentence was a result
of favouritism). Again Mr Shadrake sought to rely on Mr Anandan’s
autobiography. But a perusal of the relevant pages, pp 139–140, shows that
they do not support his allegation at all:

... There are still many inconsistencies in the way the courts treat drug
offenders. I brought this up in 2005 in the inaugural issue of _Pro Bono_ ,
the newsletter of the Association of Criminal Lawyers of Singapore. I cited
the big cocaine bust in Seletar Camp involving a former internet entrepreneur.
The accused pleaded guilty to a single charge of cocaine consumption and has
his 12-month sentence reduced to eight months on appeal. I was approached to
handle his appeal but there was a conflict of interest because I represented
Guiga Laroussi, the man who had supplied him with the cocaine. In the appeal
by the former internet entrepreneur, Justice V K Rajah ruled that all first
time offenders should be jailed for six to 18 months. Fines, he said, should
be imposed only “sparingly” and in “purely exceptional” cases involving Class
A drugs or hardcore drugs like heroin and cocaine. But I wrote that the
court’s ruling did little to clarify the position on sentencing. Justice Rajah
did not clarify what he meant by “sparingly” or what constituted a “purely
exceptional” case.

I pointed out that there was a “clear conflict” between the views expressed in
the former internet entrepreneur’s case and in four other cases heard by then
Chief Justice Yong Pung How, who has since retired from the bench. In an
earlier case involving Ecstasy abuser Ooi Joo Keong, the Chief Justice upheld
a decision by Senior District Judge Richard Magnus to jail him for 12 months,
ruling that first offenders should be jailed for 12 to 18 months. I pointed
out that three other cases sent out different signals. In a case involving
insurance manager Ng Kheng Tiak, who had a couple of puffs of cannabis, the
Chief Justice fined him $20,000 and set aside the 12-month prison term imposed
by the Lower Court. In another case, footballer Muhammad Razali Ishak’s one-
year jail term for smoking cannabis at a birthday party was set aside and
replaced with two years’ probation, a $5,000 bond by his parents and 100 hours
of community service. Polytechnic student Pililis Nikiforos escaped an eight-
month jail term in 2001 for morphine use and the Chief Justice instead imposed
a $5,000 fine. Our take on this is that when sentencing an offender, which of
these decisions should district judges follow?

It is apparent from the passages above that of the 4 cases of drug consumption
mentioned by Mr Anandan, in 3 cases, an insurance manager, a footballer and a
polytechnic student had their 8 to 12 month prison sentences set aside and
were only punished with fines. To say on this basis that Bhatia’s jail
sentence of 8 months was light evinces not just a propensity but an intention
to distort sources. As for the fourth case, Ooi Joo Keong’s case, it was
clearly explained in Rajah J’s judgment, which Mr Ravi confirmed that Mr
Shadrake had read, as relating only to first-time drug consumers _with
antecedents_ , not a first time offender with no antecedents, such as Bhatia.

110 Further, the statement that Bhatia “was jailed for only 12 months” instead
of “getting 10 years and a heavy fine” was plainly misleading and obviously
wrong. 10 years’ imprisonment or a $20,000 fine or both was the _maximum_
penalty for the offence under consideration, and it frankly does not take very
much to realise that, as a first-time offender, Bhatia would not have been
facing the maximum prison sentence of 10 years. When I sought clarification on
this point, Mr Ravi very fairly acknowledged that he too had some difficulty
with the statement, and sought an adjournment to consult with Mr Shadrake.
When we resumed after 20 minutes, Mr Ravi informed me that Mr Shadrake
conceded he had made a mistake and would be making the necessary correction in
the next edition of the book. However Mr Ravi said Mr Shadrake was not
withdrawing anything else but that wrong statement and that whilst Mr Shadrake
had informed his publisher to make a correction, he had no control over the
publisher. But nothing was said about the rest of the 7th statement, and in
light of the foregoing I cannot but conclude that the 7th statement was made
recklessly, without regard to its truth or falsehood.

111 I also note that, in his affidavit, Mr Shadrake sought to justify the 7th
statement by saying:

Even if [the 7th statement] can be interpreted as a direct criticism of the
judicial decision, this was based on a similar argument used by Mr Subhas
Anandan in his autobiography at page 139-140. There, Mr Anandan notes the
discrepancy in the sentence meted out to Bhatia before concluding that “this
has partly to do with the fact that the law is so out of sync with other First
World Countries which Singapore aspires to be.”

I set out the relevant part of Mr Anandan’s autobiography at pp 140–141 from
which this passage was taken:

Another problem in my view is the use of entrapment to snare drug offenders. I
believe it should be allowed to a certain degree, otherwise you’ll never catch
the crooks. But the Central Narcotics Bureau (CNB) should not overdo it. I’ve
said on record before that I think the CNB crossed the line in the case of
insurance agent Teo Ya Lin in 2003. She was pressured by an undercover CNB
officer to procure an Ecstasy Pill for him promising that he would buy an
insurance policy from her in return. Teo got him a pill and the result for her
troubles was a prison term of more than six years. This girl had no intention
of selling drugs until she was persuaded by the officer. Under normal
circumstances, she would not have been categorised as a trafficker. There is
also the issue of whether the CNB officer should be guilty of abettment
[_sic_] for the offence. He instigated the offence by putting the idea into
her head through misrepresentation. Indeed, there is a lot of grey area in
Singapore’s Misuse of Drugs Act. _I believe this has partly to do with the
fact that the law is so out of sync with other First World countries which
Singapore aspires to be_.

[Emphasis added]

The sentence relied on by Mr Shadrake was clearly made in relation to
entrapment. By connecting it to sentencing, Mr Shadrake once again evinced a
tendency to grossly distort his sources.

The 8th statement

112 The 8th statement, at p 141 of the book, refers to the cases of Andrew
Veale and Penelope Pang, two other drug consumers who were caught in the same
operation which netted Dinesh Bhatia. It reads as follows:

Briton Andrew Veale, a top financial broker and a 10 year resident, who drove
a Rolls Royce often with his Singaporean girlfriend, Penelope Pang Su-yin, 35,
daughter of the organiser of the Miss Universe pageant, were next to appear in
court. They too got off lightly with jail sentences amounting to no more than
eight months with remission. Veale, was a broker with Structured Credit Desk
dealing in derivatives and financial products, and the sort of people
Singapore needs.

113 Mr Shadrake gives the same explanation for the 8th statement as he did for
the 7th statement: it is directed against the light charges brought by the
prosecution against Veale and Pang. He does not say what charges should have
been brought, and in any case this explanation is clearly untenable given his
allegation that “they too got off lightly with jail sentences amounting to no
more than eight months with remission”, and that Veale “was the sort of people
Singapore needs”. This clearly insinuates that Veale was given a light
sentence by the court due to extraneous considerations, _viz_ he was “the sort
of people Singapore needs”. In contrast to Bhatia’s case, Mr Shadrake did not
even attempt to justify this allegation with reference to sentencing
precedents. In any case, as I have said, it is one thing to allege a
sentencing discrepancy; it is quite another to allege intentional bias or
favouritism. It should also be noted that Veale and Pang’s case and sentence
were also discussed and explained in Rajah J’s published judgment for Bhatia’s
case (see _Bhatia_ at [46] and [48]), which, once again, Mr Shadrake said he
read but did not attempt even to criticise. There is no rational basis for Mr
Shadrake’s insinuation that the court sentencing Veale gave him a light
sentence because he was “the sort of people Singapore needs”, and for that
reason it cannot amount to fair criticism.

114 I should add that Veale received a prison sentence of 12 months because he
had a pattern of purchase and consumption and Ms Pang received an 11 month
prison sentence because her consumption was premeditated, unlike Bhatia: see
[46] to [48] and [7] to [12] of Rajah J’s judgment. Mr Shadrake described
their sentences as “8 months _with remission_ ” (emphasis added), while
describing Bhatia’s sentence as simply 8 months. This is likely to create a
false impression in the mind of the reader. Seen in the light of the various
liberties Mr Shadrake had taken with other facts, it is difficult to take a
benign view of this.

The 9th, 10th and 11th statements

115 The 9th to 11th statements can be taken together. They refer to the case
of Vignes Mourthi, who was convicted of drug trafficking and sentenced to
death (see _PP v Vignes s/o Mourthi & Anor_ [2002] SGHC 240, affirmed in
_Vignes s/o Mourthi v PP_ [2003] 3 SLR(R) 105). The 9th statement, at p 162 of
the book, reads:

No doubt many members of Singapore’s judiciary were also aware of what was
going on behind the scenes concerning the rape, sodomy and corruption charges
hanging over Rajkumar, yet not one of them had the guts to speak out in
protest.

The 10th statement, at p 163 of the book, reads:

But I can reveal, following intensive inquiries and talking in confidence to
several lawyers on condition that I would not expose them to the authorities
in any way, that the high echelons of the judiciary and prosecution from the
Attorney General down knew all about Rajkumar and were intent on keeping his
evil, corrupt deeds under wraps until Vignes Mourthi was hanged.

The 11th statement, at p 165 of the book, the last page of the chapter on
Vignes Mourthi, reads:

Here the words of the Nobel Laureate, Amartya Sen, seem the most appropriate
postscript to the sordid tale of the death of Vignes Mourti [_sic_]:

... Democracy becomes dysfunctional when the bureaucracy, the judiciary, the
legislature, the private sector, the police and the military all use their
power to enrich themselves and advance their own interests at the expense of
civil society. Laws not withstanding, corruption undermines the rule of law.

116 The statements relate to the fact that Sgt Rajkumar from the Central
Narcotics Bureau was under investigation for offences under the Prevention of
Corruption Act (Cap 241, 2002 Rev Ed) at about the same time as he was giving
evidence in Mourthi’s case. Sgt Rajkumar was subsequently convicted on the
same corruption offences: see _PP v S Rajkumar_ [2005] SGDC 77. The charges
related, among other things, to offering a bribe to a woman he was alleged to
have raped, in an attempt to induce her to withdraw her complaints. This was
apparently not disclosed to the trial judge in Mourthi’s case.

117 Mr Ravi argued this point with great passion and appeared at times to be
arguing that this was a miscarriage of justice. This was understandable given
that Mr Ravi was, as he informed the court, the counsel who unsuccessfully
sought to reopen the case after the Court of Appeal dismissed Mourthi’s
appeal: see _Vignes s/o Mourthi v PP_ [2003] 4 SLR(R) 300; _Vignes Mourthi v
PP_ [2003] 4 SLR(R) 518.

118 Ms Subramanian disputed Mr Shadrake’s claim in his affidavit that Mourthi
was convicted on the strength of Sgt Rajkumar’s evidence. She referred me to
the grounds of decision of the trial judge, who stated at [96] and [98] that:

96 On the totality of the evidence adduced, it was impossible to accept that
B1 thought he had been given a packet of "sambrani kallu" by B2. It was
something that could be easily purchased with a small amount of money. It was
extremely odd that B2 should ask him to pass something of no great value or
apparent consequence to someone B1 had not even met before on his first day
back at work after the accident, especially when B1 did not have his own means
of transport. Further, why could not B2 have brought the small packet along
with him when he went to B1’s house in the evening of 19 September 2001? Why
was there a need for him to return a few hours later in the early hours of 20
September 2001 just to pass such a packet to him? What was the urgency that
caused B2 to wait for the rain to stop and to travel to his house in the
middle of the night? The evidence showed clearly that something surreptitious
was happening and if B1 appeared so uninquisitive, it could only mean that he
was aware of what was in the packet that he was to bring into Singapore.

...

98 I believed the Prosecution’s witnesses who said that B1 had used a word
which was also street jargon for heroin in granular form in his statements. It
could not be that ASP Krishnan, SGT Rajkumar, the investigating officer and
the Tamil interpreter all misunderstood him throughout or simply refused to
qualify "kallu" with "sambrani". In any event, the Tamil interpreter stated
that these two words were not used together in the Tamil language. I had no
doubt that all the statements taken from B1 had been recorded accurately.

Ms Subramanian also referred me to the judgment of the Court of Appeal at
[2003] 3 SLR(R) 105 at [38] where the Court of Appeal expressly stated:
“Looking at the totality of the evidence, we endorse the finding of the court
below that Vignes knew that he was transporting drugs for sale”.

119 As I have noted above, I am not required to decide whether Mourthi was
convicted rightly or wrongly in assessing whether Mr Shadrake was within his
right of fair criticism. Certainly it was within Mr Shadrake’s right of fair
criticism to question whether Mourthi’s conviction was safe, given that
information pertaining to the credibility of a particular witness in the trial
was not given to the court.

120 But Mr Shadrake did much more than that. He said in no uncertain terms
that the high echelons of the judiciary, by which he must mean the judges of
the Supreme Court, _knew_ about Sgt Rajkumar’s misdeeds and were deliberately
and culpably suppressing the fact of the investigation into his acts and the
proceedings against him until after Mourthi was executed. This is certainly
one of the most serious allegations that can ever be made against the Supreme
Court bench.

121 In support of this grave allegation Mr Shadrake had nothing more to say
than to point out that the subordinate judiciary, who deal with 95% of the
cases in Singapore, and the prosecutors, are both drawn from the ranks of the
Legal Service, and in light of this the judiciary would have known of the
proceedings against Sgt Rajkumar. Reference was also made to the fact that
some of the judges of the Supreme Court were elevated from the subordinate
courts, or had served stints at the Attorney-General’s Chambers. I
unhesitatingly reject this as simply too incredulous and attenuated to form a
rational basis for Mr Shadrake’s grave assertion that the trial judge and the
high echelons of the judiciary knew of Sgt Rajkumar’s misdeeds and were
complicit in the suppression of possibly exculpatory evidence in a capital
case.

122 As for the 11th statement, Mr Shadrake says in his affidavit that it is a
quote from Amartya Sen which addresses the situation in India, and “obviously
not directly analogous to Singapore.” But this was obviously not his purpose
in quoting Amartya Sen – the 11th statement states that the Amartya Sen quote
seems “the most appropriate postscript to the sordid tale of the death of
Vignes Mourthi.” It will be noticed that Mr Shadrake does not explicitly give
any reason why “the high echelons of the judiciary” knew all about Sgt
Rajkumar and were intent on covering it up until Mourthi was hanged. The quote
at the end of the chapter insinuates the motive: that judges “use their power
to enrich themselves and advance their own interests at the expense of civil
society.” Unsurprisingly, no rational basis was given for this insinuation.

The 12th statement

123 The 12th statement, at p 18 of the book, reads as follows:

Although the legal system was based on English law it was soon fine-tuned to
ensure that Lee Kuan Yew and his People’s Action Party remained in power in
perpetuity by silencing all political opposition through fear of being jailed
as ‘communists’ or financially ruined.

124 As I suggested to Ms Subramanian during the hearing, one can be jailed as
a communist under statutes such as the Internal Security Act (Cap 143, 1985
Rev Ed) and the Criminal Law (Temporary Provisions) Act (Cap 67, 2000 Rev Ed),
which permit detention without trial. Likewise, one can be financially ruined
without going through the courts, or through meritorious legal actions decided
without improper conduct on the part of the courts. In the circumstances, I am
willing to give Mr Shadrake the benefit of the doubt and find that the 12th
statement was not directed at the courts, or at least did not impute any
improper conduct to the courts. I also give Mr Shadrake the benefit of the
doubt in respect of Ms Subramanian’s argument that the 12th statement should
be read in light of the 13th and 14th statements, seeing that the 12th
statement is made at the beginning of the book, at p 18, whereas the 13th and
14th statements are made towards the end, at pp 217 and 207.

The 13th and 14th statements

125 The 13th and 14th statements can be dealt with together. The 13th
statement, at p 217 of the book, reads:

The absence of independence in a compliant judiciary and a media silenced
through state ownership and the ever-present threat of defamation and libel
suits have created a climate for the suppression of basic political freedoms.

The 14th statement (in bold), at p 207 of the book, reads:

The ruling party in Singapore often sues those who dare oppose it on trumped
up defamation charges, forcing many into bankruptcy or exile.

126 The 13th statement explicitly says that the judiciary is compliant and not
independent. The 14th statement clearly implies that the courts will find for
the ruling party even if it brings “trumped up defamation charges”. Similar
statements have been held to be contemptuous in _Pang Cheng Lian_ ,
_Zimmerman_ , _Wain Barry_ , _Lingle_ , _Chee Soon Juan_ and _Hertzberg_. I
have earlier expressed my doubts that criticisms of the judiciary’s conduct
and partiality _ipso facto_ constitute contempt.

127 Mr Shadrake claims, both in his book and his affidavit, to have relied on
the IBA report in making the 13thstatement. In respect of the 14th statement,
Mr Shadrake only said that this is directed at the political tactics of the
ruling party. This is unsupportable: his insinuation that “trumped up
defamation charges” are nevertheless successful “in forcing many into
bankruptcy or exile” is clearly directed at the courts. But, for completeness,
I will also compare the IBA report and the 14th statement.

128 Mr Ravi placed great reliance on how the IBA report, relied upon by Mr
Shadrake, was published without its authors being charged or held for
contempt. Ms Subramanian argued that the repetition of a contemptuous
publication is a further contempt. It is neither necessary nor appropriate for
me to examine why the authors of the IBA report were not charged or held for
contempt. For present purposes, it is sufficient for me to examine how Mr
Shadrake treats the IBA report which he himself chose to rely on.

129 On its face, the IBA report appears to make an effort to present a
balanced view of the issues it addresses, giving arguments and evidence both
_pro_ and _contra_ its viewpoints. I look at one incident examined in the IBA
report: the transfer of Senior District Judge Michael Khoo from his judicial
position to the Attorney-General’s Chambers in 1984, which some allege was
related to his acquittal of Mr JB Jeyaretnam, an opposition leader, of certain
charges preferred against the latter. In examining this incident, the IBA
report referred to the fact that a Committee of Inquiry was convened to
investigate the incident and concluded that there was no executive
interference in the subordinate courts. It considered Parliament’s discussion
of the Committee’s findings, and quotes from both sides of the debate. It also
noted the Law Society’s view that nothing improper had occurred.

130 I also look at how the IBA report eventually concluded:

... in cases involving PAP [People Action Party, the presently ruling party]
litigants or PAP interests, there are concerns about an actual or apparent
lack of impartiality and/or independence, which casts doubt on the decisions
made in such cases. Although this may not go so far as claimed by some non-
governmental organisations, which allege that the judiciary is entirely
controlled by the will of the executive, there are sufficient reasons to worry
about the influence of the executive over judicial decision making. Regardless
of any actual interference, the reasonable suspicion of interference is
sufficient. In addition, it appears that some of the objective characteristics
of judicial independence, including security of tenure, separation from the
executive branch and administrative independence may be absent from the
Singapore judicial system.

131 Contrast Mr Shadrake’s writing. There is a complete absence, not just in
the 13th and 14th statements, but in the whole of the chapter in which they
appear, of the primary facts to which the IBA report referred. The assertions
which Mr Shadrake made go several degrees higher than what the IBA report felt
able to conclude – contrast, for example, the IBA report’s distinctly
qualified tone and Mr Shadrake’s bare assertion in the 13th statement about
“the absence of independence in a compliant judiciary.” This, it should be
remembered, was Mr Shadrake’s only source. In distorting it as grossly as he
did, I think Mr Shadrake has passed beyond wrong-headed criticism that is
nevertheless made in good faith; he has displayed, at the very least, a
reckless disregard for the truth or falsehood of the allegations he makes.
This is aggravated by his claim that his book is a product of his
investigative journalism. This disqualifies him from claiming fair criticism
in respect of the 13th and 14th statements.

Conclusion on the facts

132 In his book, Mr Shadrake claims to be an advocate against the death
penalty. He claims that a disproportionate number of those sentenced to death
come from less advantaged backgrounds. He claims to have identified a
miscarriage of justice in a capital case because facts which may have affected
the credibility of a prosecution witness were not presented to the court. He
claims to have identified sentencing discrepancies. On these matters he may be
correct or he may be wrong, but he is within his rights, which I am
constitutionally bound to uphold. I should emphasise in particular that there
is nothing in the law which prohibits advocating for the abolition of the
death penalty.

133 He has also made certain allegations against other parts of the legal
system, but that is not my concern here. So the 3rd, 6th and 12th statements,
which do not unambiguously refer to the courts, do not amount to contempt.

134 But in the remaining 11 statements Mr Shadrake went beyond advocating the
abolition of the death penalty and criticising the merits of individual
judgments. He alleges grave misconduct on the part of the courts. There is a
world of difference between these two positions: it is one thing to say that a
judge erred in law or in fact; it is another to say that he acted on the
instructions of the executive. In discussing the case of Julia Bohl (the 2nd
statement), Mr Shadrake claims that the courts gave a light sentence arranged
for by the Singapore government under threat of economic reprisals by the
German government. In discussing the case of Maria Krol-Hmelak and Peter
Johnson (the 4th statement), he claims that the courts succumbed to executive
and diplomatic pressure in acquitting two accused persons in a capital case.
In discussing the cases of Dinesh Bhatia, Andrew Veale and Penelope Pang (the
7th and 8th statements), he claims that the rich and well-connected are shown
favouritism and given light sentences. In discussing the case of Vignes
Mourthi (the 9th, 10th and 11th statements), he claims that the Supreme Court
judiciary has culpably suppressed possibly exculpatory evidence in a capital
case. He has also made sweeping statements repeating these claims (the 1st and
5th statements). I have said that a person is not precluded from fair
criticism even if it extends to the conduct of the judiciary, but fair
criticism must be supported by a rational basis for the criticism made, and Mr
Shadrake has simply not furnished any rational bases for these very serious
accusations. For good measure, it should also be noted that Mr Shadrake claims
that the judiciary is a complaint tool of political oppression (the 13th and
14th statements). In doing so he has been so selective with the sources he
claims to rely on, and so trenchant in his claims, that I must conclude that
he did not care whether what he said was true or not.

135 Mr Shadrake’s technique is to make or insinuate his claims against a
dissembling and selective background of truths and half-truths, and sometimes
outright falsehoods. In Julia Bohl’s case, he cobbles together the fact that
the German government was mounting a diplomatic offensive on her behalf and
the fact that her capital charge was reduced to a non-capital charge, and
jumps to the conclusion that the prosecution had succumbed to diplomatic
pressure. All the while he conveniently omits the fact, noted in his own
source of information, that the amount of drugs in that case was simply
insufficient to support a capital charge. In Maria Krol-Hmelak’s case, he
juxtaposes the tensions with the Dutch government over the prior execution of
van Damme, the fact that Krol-Hmelak was acquitted by Lai Kew Chai J, and the
fact that the learned judge did not eventually issue written grounds, in order
to draw the far-fetched conclusion that it was “a government verdict, not a
judicial one.” In the cases of Dinesh Bhatia, Andrew Veale and Penelope Pang,
he essentially asserts that they received light sentences simply because they
were wealthy or well-connected or “the kind of people Singapore needs”. In the
latter two cases Mr Shadrake does not bother to look at the sentencing
precedents. In the former case he positively omits the fact that the jail
sentence handed down was significantly more severe than three out of the four
cases cited in his own source, Mr Anandan’s autobiography, where only fines
were imposed. In Vignes Mourthi’s case, he makes the bare assertion that the
Supreme Court judiciary must have known that a key witness was being
investigated for corruption, and only later supplied the completely untenable
rationale that the Legal Service and the judiciary were “porous”.

136 As can be seen, a technique such as Mr Shadrake’s cannot withstand
forensic analysis. But a casual and unwary reader, who does not subject the
book to detailed scrutiny, might well believe his claims, especially since Mr
Shadrake has claimed that the book was a product of months of investigative
journalism. Given that the book is or was available publicly, and continues to
be circulated, there is certainly more than a remote possibility that, if the
matter had been left unchecked, some members of the public might have believed
Mr Shadrake’s claims, and in so doing would have lost confidence in the
administration of justice in Singapore. Accordingly, I find that the 11
remaining statements are in contempt of court. Since these statements are made
without any rational basis, or with reckless disregard as to their truth or
falsehood, they also do not fall to be protected by the defence of fair
criticism.

Conclusion

137 I therefore find Mr Shadrake guilty of the offence of contempt by
scandalising the court and convict him accordingly.

138 I will hear counsel on sentence and costs one week from now. If Mr
Shadrake wishes to apologise or otherwise make amends for his contempt,
counsel should also submit on the weight to be given to the same.

Postscript

139 I should like to close this rather extended judgment with a few
observations. The death penalty is the ultimate punishment under law, ultimate
both in its severity and its irreversibility. It is therefore not surprising
that the application of the death penalty by the courts is closely scrutinised
and vigorously debated; indeed, it would be profoundly disturbing if society
comes to adopt a bland and disinterested attitude towards the ultimate
punishment carried out in its name. We judges have no interest in stifling
such debate and indeed debate on all other matters of public interest,
including our conduct. We are constitutionally bound to protect every
citizen’s right to engage in such debate, even if – in fact, especially if –
it is critical of us. But when such debate goes beyond the limits of fair
criticism the law will step in. It does so not for the sake of the dignity of
the judges. It does so only to ensure the public’s confidence in the
administration of justice does not falter, and this in the final analysis is
the surest guarantee that justice will in fact be administered, in accordance
with law.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 03 Nov 2010 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

