Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Management Corporation Strata Title Plan No 2911 _v_ Tham Keng Mun and
others  
[2010] SGHC 326

Case Number| :| District Court Suit No 2855 of 2006/P (RAS No 62 of 2010 and
RAS No 161 of 2009)  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 02 November 2010  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Woo Bih Li J  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Carolyn Tan and Tony Au (Tan & Au LLP) for the
plaintiff/respondent; David Liew (Lawhub LLC) for the defendants/appellants.  
Parties| :|  Management Corporation Strata Title Plan No 2911 — Tham Keng Mun
and others  
  
2 November 2010|  
---|---  
  
Woo Bih Li J:

Background

1 These two appeals arose out of a District Judge’s decision to strike out a
counterclaim on the ground that the District Court did not have jurisdiction
over the counterclaim. The appellants filed a notice of appeal by way of
Registrar’s Appeal No 161 of 2009 (“RAS 161/2009”) (“the First Appeal”)
against that decision. However, the appellants failed to serve the First
Appeal on the respondent within the time required under the Rules of Court
(Cap 322, R 5, 2006 Rev Ed) (the “Rules of Court”). The respondent then
applied for the First Appeal to be struck out while the appellants applied for
an extension of time to serve the First Appeal. The same District Judge
dismissed the appellants’ application for extension of time to serve the First
Appeal and struck out the First Appeal on the ground that it was not served on
time. The appellants then filed a notice of appeal by way of Registrar’s
Appeal No 62 of 2010 (“RAS 62/2010”) (“the Second Appeal”) against the
decision to dismiss the application for extension of time to serve the First
Appeal and to strike out the First Appeal.

2 Both appeals came before me. I allowed the appeals. I now give my grounds of
decision.

Facts

3 The respondent is the management corporation for a building known as LW
TECHNOCENTRE (“the Building”), which is located at 31 Toh Guan Road East,
Singapore 608608.

4 Tham Keng Mun and Sum Yuet Leng, respectively the first and second
appellants, are subsidiary proprietors of unit #02-05 at the Building. The
third appellant, Eltron Engineering Pte Ltd, is the tenant of the Unit.

5 The appellants placed objects on a driveway outside the Unit (“the
Driveway”). The Driveway is part of the common property of the Building.

6 On 27 July 2006, the respondent commenced an action against the appellants
in the District Court for occupying the Driveway without obtaining the
respondent’s license, authorisation or approval. The respondent claimed for,
_inter alia_ , an order that the appellants remove all objects from the
Driveway, possession of the Driveway and for damages, including _mesne_
profits.

7 On 15 August 2006, the appellants filed a defence and counterclaim. In their
counterclaim (“the Counterclaim”), the appellants made the following
averments:

(a) the respondent breached its “duty of care in law to the subsidiary
proprietors” to ensure that the common property, including the Driveway, was
not obstructed to partially deprive the subsidiary proprietors of use of the
common property; and

(b) by commencing action against the appellants, the respondent “arbitrarily
exercised [its] powers in bad faith with the intention to cause loss and
damage” to the appellants.

The appellants claimed an order that the respondent procure and ensure that
all objects placed on the common property be removed and for damages for the
loss of use of the common property.

8 On 4 September 2009, in the course of hearing interlocutory appeals, Tan May
Tee DJ (“the District Judge”) asked for submissions on whether the District
Court had jurisdiction over the respondent’s claim and the Counterclaim.

9 On 8 December 2009, after hearing submissions, the District Judge held that
the District Court did not have jurisdiction over the Counterclaim and so she
struck out the Counterclaim (“the First Decision”). The District Judge did not
give any grounds for the First Decision.

10 On 21 December 2009, the appellants filed the First Appeal. The Subordinate
Courts Registry issued it on 30 December 2009.

11 The appellants served the notice of appeal on the respondent on 20 January
2010 via a fax transmission. The appellants also served the notice of appeal
on the respondent by hand on 22 January 2010.

12 On 22 February 2010, the respondent applied via Summons No 2843 of 2010
(“SUM 2843/2010”) to strike out the First Appeal on the ground that it was not
served on the respondent within seven days of it being issued, as provided
under O 55C, r 1(4) Rules of Court. The following day, on 23 February 2010,
the appellants applied via Summons No 2944 of 2010 (“SUM 2944/2010”) for an
extension of time for the service of the First Appeal. The Subordinate Courts
Registry fixed both summons before the High Court, together with another
appeal in the same case on discovery and further and better particulars.

13 On 3 March 2010, Kan Ting Chiu J directed that both SUM 2843/2010 and SUM
2944/2010 were to be heard together in the Subordinate Courts.

14 On 7 April 2010, the District Judge dismissed the application for extension
of time and struck out the First Appeal (“the Second Decision”). The District
Judge did not give any grounds for the Second Decision.

15 On 21 April 2010, the appellants filed the Second Appeal. The Second Appeal
was duly served on the respondent within the time required under the Rules of
Court.

16 Both the First Appeal and the Second Appeal came before me.

The Second Appeal (RAS 62/2010)

The law on extension of time for service of a notice of appeal

17 The factors that the court considers in determining whether to extend time
for the filing or service of a notice of appeal are well established and were
recently concisely stated by the Court of Appeal in _Anwar Siraj and another v
Ting Kang Chung_ [2010] 1 SLR 1026 (CA) (“ _Anwar Siraj_ ”) in the following
manner (at [29]-[30]):

Considerations in exercising discretion to extend time

29 The principles which apply to determine whether the court should exercise
its discretion to extend time to file a notice of appeal or to serve a notice
out of time are well established in case law. The modern approach taken by
this court to this question may be found in its decision in _Pearson v Chen
Chien Wen Edwin_ [1991] 2 SLR(R) 260 . There are four factors which the court
would consider in determining how the discretion should be exercised. These
are: (a) the length of the delay; (b) the reasons for the delay; (c) the
chances of the appeal succeeding if time for appealing is extended; and (d)
the degree of prejudice to the would-be respondent if the application is
granted. But we would emphasise that this is not a numbers game. The
significance of each factor must depend on its facts and circumstances of the
case. In the final analysis, the applicant for an extension of time must show
grounds sufficient to persuade the court to extend its sympathy to him.

30 While these are the factors which are relevant to the court in determining
how its discretion should be exercised, there are two other considerations
which should nevertheless not be disregarded. In _Linda Lai_ ([25] _supra_) at
[45], relying on the Privy Council decision in _Thamboo Ratnam v Thamboo
Cumarasamy and Cumarasamy Ariamany d/o Kumarasa_ [1965] 1 WLR 8 at 12, this
court held that when applying these factors, the court should nevertheless
bear in mind the fact that the overriding consideration was that the ROC must
_prima facie_ be obeyed, with reasonable diligence being exercised. Second, in
_The Melati_ [2004] 4 SLR(R) 7 at [37], this court underscored the point that
the need for finality was a "paramount consideration".

18 I will elaborate on each factor below.

My Decision on the Second Appeal

The length of the delay

19 The first factor requires the court to consider the length of the delay in
serving the notice of appeal. If the delay were _de minimis_ , it might be
excused without the court having to consider the reasons for the delay in
detail (see _Lee Hsien Loong v Singapore Democratic Party and others and
another suit_ [2008] 1 SLR(R) 757 at [21] (“ _Lee Hsien Loong_ ”)). However,
if the delay were more substantial, the court should consider the reasons for
the delay in detail (see _Lee Hsien Loong_ at [22]).

20 As provided by O 55C, r 1(4) Rules of Court, the appellants should have
served the notice of appeal on the respondent within seven days of it being
issued. The notice of appeal was issued on 30 December 2009. Under O 3, r 2(5)
Rules of Court, if a period of time fixed for the doing of an act is a period
of seven days or less, a day other than a working day should be excluded in
the reckoning of the period of time. Since 31 December 2009, 1 January 2010, 2
January 2010, 9 January 2010 and 10 January 2010 were not working days, the
appellants should have served the notice of appeal by 11 January 2010.

21 The appellants’ solicitors only served the notice of appeal on the
respondent’s solicitors on 20 January 2010 via a fax transmission. The notice
of appeal was also served by hand on 22 January 2010.

22 It was necessary for me to determine whether service was effected on 20
January 2010 or 22 January 2010. Order 62, r 6 of the Rules of Court governs
the mode of service for documents for which personal service is not required.
The relevant provisions of that rule are as follows:

(1) Service of any document, not being a document which by virtue of any
provision of these Rules is required to be served personally, may be effected
—

(a) by leaving the document at the proper address of the person to be served;

(b) by post;

(c) by FAX _in accordance with paragraph (3)_ ;

(d) in such other manner as may be agreed between the party serving and the
party to be served; or

(e) in such other manner as the Court may direct.

…

(3) Service by FAX may be effected where —

(a) the party serving the document acts by a solicitor;

(b) the party on whom the document is served acts by a solicitor and service
is effected by transmission to the business address of such a solicitor;

(c) the solicitor acting for the party on whom the document is served _has
indicated in writing to the solicitor serving the document that he is willing
to accept service by FAX_ at a specified FAX number and the document is
transmitted to that number; and for this purpose _the inscription of a FAX
number on the writing paper of a solicitor shall be deemed to indicate that
such a solicitor is willing to accept service by FAX at that number in
accordance with this paragraph unless he states otherwise in writing_ ; and

(d) within 3 days after the day of service by FAX the solicitor acting for the
party serving the document serves a copy of it on the solicitor acting for the
other party by any of the other methods of service set out in paragraph (1),
and if he fails to do so, the document shall be deemed never to have been
served by FAX.

[emphasis added]

The respondent’s solicitors’ letter head indicates the firm’s fax number and
does not indicate that the firm does not accept service of documents via fax.
Accordingly, I considered that service of the notice of appeal was effected by
fax on 20 January 2010.

23 Since the appellants served the notice of appeal on 20 January 2010, the
length of the delay in service was nine days.

24 Although a delay of nine days was relatively shorter than the delay in some
other cases, I was of the view that the delay was not _de minimis_. As a
comparison, the delay in _AD v AE_ [2004] 2 SLR(R) 505 (“ _AD v AE_ ”), which,
like the present case, concerned an appeal from the District Judge in
chambers, was 49 days (_AD v AE_ at [11]). The delay in _Denko-HLB Sdn Bhd v
Fagerdala Singapore Pte Ltd_ [2002] 2 SLR(R) 336 (“ _Denko_ ”), which
concerned a delay in making an application for further arguments under s
34(1)(c) of the Supreme Court of Judicature Act (Cap 322, 2007 Rev Ed)
(“SCJA”), was 14 days (_Denko_ at [12]). The Court of Appeal in _Denko_
considered that the 14 days delay was substantial given that the period
allowed under SCJA for applying for further arguments was seven days (_Denko_
at [12]). In both cases, the Court of Appeal refused to grant an extension of
time after considering all the four factors (_AD v AE_ at [15] and _Denko_ at
[18]). Accordingly, it was necessary for me to consider the reasons for the
appellant’s delay.

The reasons for the delay

25 It is not sufficient for a party to simply allege that the delay was due to
an oversight on the part of his solicitor or his solicitor’s clerk (_AD v AE_
at [11]; _Denko_ at [14]). However, oversight on the part of a solicitor could
be an adequate reason if the reasons for the solicitor’s oversight are
explained (_Perdigao Agroindustrial SA v Barilla GER Fratelli-Societa Per
Azioni_ [2009] SGHC 210 (“ _Perdigao_ ”) at [43]) or if there are extenuating
circumstances (_Nomura Regionalisation Venture Fund Ltd v Ethical Investments
Ltd_ [2000] 2 SLR(R) 926 at [28]). For example, the High Court in _Perdigao_
distinguished cases such as _AD v AE_ on the basis that the appellant was able
to explain that the solicitor’s oversight was “contributed to by the
relocation of the plaintiff’s solicitor’s firm” (_Perdigao_ at [43]). As for
extenuating circumstances, the Court of Appeal in _Nomura_ offered as an
illustration two English cases where extenuating circumstances were present.
In both cases, the solicitor had given notice to the other side of the appeal
within the required time and the solicitor’s mistake was “understandable and
not gross” (_Nomura_ at [28]).

26 In the present case, counsel for the appellants, Mr David Liew (“Mr Liew”),
offered the following reasons for the delay in service:

(a) The appellants withheld serving the notice of appeal until 5 January 2010
because they were not certain if leave from the District Court was required to
make the First Appeal. The appellants applied to the District Court via
Summons No. 21498 of 2009 (“SUM 21498/2009”) for leave to appeal. SUM
21498/2009 was fixed for hearing on 5 January 2010 before the District Judge.
The District Judge held that leave was not required.

(b) From 9 January 2010 to 11 January 2010, Mr Liew’s law firm moved its
offices. The law firm’s files, including the appellants’ files in this matter,
were packed and sealed in boxes for the move. Mr Liew did not explain when the
appellants’ files were packed and sealed. Mr Liew retrieved the appellants’
files on 19 January 2010. He then gave instructions to his staff to
immediately serve the notice of appeal.

(c) Mr Liew offered three further explanations for his oversight. First, Mr
Liew explained that he was in charge of his law firm’s move to its new
offices. Second, Mr Liew was also in charge of the renovations to his law
firm’s new offices. Renovations commenced on 8 January 2010 and lasted for 3
weeks. Third, Mr Liew explained that he was attending Court in the midst of
the move and renovations.

27 I did not find the reasons for the delay entirely satisfactory. Mr Liew did
not offer any reason why he did not serve the notice of appeal immediately
after the hearing of SUM 21498/2009 on 5 January 2010. The respondent’s
counsel attended the hearing. Mr Liew could have served the notice of appeal
on the respondent’s counsel once the District Judge ruled that leave to appeal
was not required. Also, no reason was offered for the failure to serve the
notice of appeal between 5 January 2010 and 9 January 2010, which was the day
when Mr Liew’s law firm started to move to its new office.

28 I then proceeded to consider the third factor.

The chances of the appeal succeeding

29 The third factor only requires the court to consider whether the appeal is
hopeless (_Anwar Siraj_ at [37]; _Lee Hsien Loong_ at [19]).

30 My view was that the appeal was not hopeless. Indeed the prospects of
success were quite good. As explained below under my decision for the First
Appeal, the civil jurisdiction of the District Court is limited to certain
categories of cases. The Counterclaim discloses a cause of action for breach
of statutory duty. An action for breach of statutory duty falls within the
jurisdiction of the District Court (see below at [64]-[67]).

The degree of prejudice to the would-be respondent if time were extended

31 The fourth factor is concerned with the prejudice that the respondent would
suffer if the extension of time were granted. The prejudice must be tangible
(_Lee Hsien Loong_ at [25]). It is not sufficient for the respondent to argue
that its prejudice is that the appeal would be heard if the extension of time
were granted (_Aberdeen Asset Management Asia v Fraser & Neave Ltd_ [2001] 3
SLR(R) 355 at [14] (“ _Aberdeen Asset Management Asia_ ”); _S3 Building
Services Pte Ltd v Sky Technology Pte Ltd_ [2001] SGHC 87 at [67]). An example
of prejudice that would be relevant is if the respondent changed its position
by relying on the judgment below (_Aberdeen Asset Management Asia_ at [44]).

32 The respondent was not able to substantiate its bare assertion that it was
prejudiced by the appellants’ delay. Mr Seng Jock Lee Alvin, the Senior
Property Manager of the respondent’s managing agent, deposed the following in
his affidavit dated 23 March 2010:

4\. Paragraph 16 of the Affidavit of “LTY” is denied. The Plaintiffs suffered
substantial prejudice herein.

5\. We thought that the Defendants were abandoning the appeal against the
learned District Judge’s decision. We thought so because we did not receive
any news of appeal after my lawyers were verbally informed that the Defendants
had filed an appeal during the hearing of an application by the Defendants for
leave to appeal. This application for leave was withdrawn by the Defendants
when the District Judge informed the Defendant’s counsel that no leave to
appeal was required. My lawyer then told the Court that the Defendants were
out of time to file the Notice of Appeal.

33 The respondent did not elaborate on the prejudice that it suffered apart
from stating that it “thought that the [appellants] were abandoning the
appeal”. I did not consider that simply being led to think that an appellant
is abandoning its appeal amounts to prejudice.

Conclusion on the Second Appeal

34 The court is required to balance all four factors in coming to a conclusion
as to whether an extension of time should be granted.

35 I reached the conclusion that I should grant an extension of time even
though the delay of nine days was not _de minimis_ and the appellants’ reasons
for the delay were not entirely satisfactory. This was because of the high
likelihood that the appellants would succeed in the First Appeal and the
absence of any relevant prejudice that the respondent would suffer if time
were extended. In this regard, I found the following comments of Andrew Ang J
in _Perdigao_ persuasive:

46 Here, the defendant acknowledged that the appeal was not hopeless. Since
little more is known about the strength of the plaintiff’s case, all we can
conclude is that the third factor does not operate against the plaintiff.
However, I venture to suggest in passing that, _in a case where without the
court having to go into a thorough examination the prospects of the applicant
succeeding in the appeal are patent, the third factor could assume greater
importance_. _In an appropriate case, absent any prejudice to the would-be
respondent, the ties of justice might militate against a denial of the
application even if the length of delay might be substantial or the reason for
the delay might not be entirely cogent_. This harks back to the need to
balance the competing demands of procedural and substantive justice summed up
in the insightful remarks of Andrew Phang Boon Leong JC in _United Overseas
Bank Ltd v Ng Huat Foundations Pte Ltd_ ([28] _supra_) and V K Rajah JA in
_Lee Chee Wei_ ([29] _supra_). I hasten to add that this is not to say that
the third factor will inevitably trump the first and second factors. Each case
must be decided on its own facts, balancing all four factors. It is in this
light that the remarks of the learned Chao Hick Tin JA in _Nomura
Regionalisation_ ([38] _supra_) at [28] ought to be understood where he
characterised _Stansfield_ as “a case of oversight simpliciter, with no other
extenuating circumstances, although the merits of the case were strong”.

[emphasis added]

36 Accordingly, I allowed the Second Appeal.

The First Appeal (RAS 161/2009)

37 To recapitulate, the First Appeal concerned the District Judge’s decision
to strike out the Counterclaim on the ground that the District Court did not
have jurisdiction over the Counterclaim.

38 This appeal raised two issues:

(i) whether the civil jurisdiction of the District Court is limited to the
causes of action specified in Part IV Subordinate Courts Act (Cap 321, 2007
Rev Ed) (“SCA”); and

(ii) if so, whether the Counterclaim raised a cause of action which fell
within Part IV SCA.

The First Issue

Background

39 Part IV SCA provides for the civil jurisdiction of the District Court.
Section 19 stipulates the general civil jurisdiction of the District Court. Of
relevance is s 19(2) SCA, which provides as follows:

(2) Subject to subsections (3) and (4), a District Court _shall have the civil
jurisdiction conferred by the following sections of this Part_.

[emphasis added]

For completeness, I should also set out ss 19(3) and 19(4) SCA:

(3) A District Court shall have the jurisdiction in sections 20, 21, 25, 26
and 29 where —

(a) the defendant is served with a writ or other originating process —

(i) in Singapore in the manner prescribed by Rules of Court; or

(ii) outside Singapore in the circumstances authorised by and in the manner
prescribed by Rules of Court; or

(b) the defendant submits to the jurisdiction of a District Court.

(4) A District Court’s jurisdiction conferred by the following sections of
this Part shall not include any jurisdiction expressly excluded by any other
written law.

40 Sections 20-23 and 25-29 SCA (the “Subject Matter Jurisdiction Provisions”)
then specify the civil jurisdiction of the District Court. For example, s
20(1) SCA provides that the District Court has jurisdiction “to hear and try
any action founded on contract or tort”. Section 21(1) SCA provides that the
District Court has jurisdiction “to hear and try any action for the recovery
of a sum which is recoverable under any written law” if certain conditions are
satisfied.

41 It was necessary for me to consider whether the jurisdiction of the
District Court is limited to actions falling within the Subject Matter
Jurisdiction Provisions in Part IV SCA. The District Judge’s decision to
strike out the Counterclaim would have no basis if the District Courts’
jurisdiction was not limited by the Subject Matter Jurisdiction Provisions.

Case Law on the Civil Jurisdiction of the District Courts

42 The first case of relevance is _Lim Kim Cheong v Lee Johnson_ [1992] 2
SLR(R) 688 (“ _Lim Kim Cheong_ ”). In _Lim Kim Cheong_ , Michael Hwang JC held
that the District Court did not have the jurisdiction to grant a declaration
that a transfer of a car was null and void. Hwang JC considered that the
District Court’s power to grant a declaration was limited to actions falling
within the Subject Matter Jurisdiction Provisions in SCA.

43 Hwang JC compared the provisions on declaratory relief in SCA’s
predecessor, the Courts Ordinance (Cap 3, 1955 Rev Ed) (“Courts Ordinance”),
and the equivalent provisions in SCA. Hwang JC noted that the Courts Ordinance
also provided subject matter jurisdiction restrictions. He then relied on the
“presumption that a statute does not create new jurisdictions or enlarge
existing ones” (_Lim Kim Cheong_ at [45]). Hwang JC considered that SCA in
fact introduced more restrictive subject matter restrictions, thereby
suggesting that the presumption should be stronger.

44 In _The Redwood Tree Pte Ltd v CPL Trading Pte Ltd_ [2009] SGDC 204 (“ _The
Redwood Tree_ ”), the District Court also held that the jurisdiction of the
District Court is strictly limited to the causes of action specified in the
Subject Matter Jurisdiction Provisions. _The Redwood Tree_ concerned an action
for restitution of a deposit paid to secure a tenancy. The District Court held
that it did not have jurisdiction because an action for restitution did not
fall within the Subject Matter Jurisdiction Provisions (_The Redwood Tree_ at
[31]-[41]).

My decision on the First Issue

45 My view was that the District Court’s civil jurisdiction is indeed
restricted to the causes of action specified in the Subject Matter
Jurisdiction Provisions. Any other reading of the SCA would not adequately
account for s 19(2) SCA, which provides that the District Court has the
jurisdiction conferred by the sections in Part IV SCA.

46 I also found support for my view in the _expressio unius est exclusio
alterius_ maxim of construction. That maxim provides that if a series of
matters are expressly stated in a statute, it is presumed that the drafter
intended to exclude matters that are not expressly stated (see F.A.R. Bennion,
_Bennion on Statutory Interpretation_ (LexisNexis, 5th Ed, 2008) at p 1250).
Applying the maxim, given that Part IV SCA specifically provides for the
causes of action for which the District Court has civil jurisdiction, it
should be presumed that the drafter of SCA did not intend for the District
Court to have jurisdiction over causes of action not specifically mentioned.

47 I should also mention that a bill to amend SCA was presented to Parliament
for a first reading on 15 September 2010. Significantly, clause 2 of the
Subordinate Courts (Amendment) Bill (Bill 26 of 2010) (“the Bill”) proposes to
amend s 19 SCA in the following manner:

Amendment of section 19

2\. Section 19 of the Subordinate Courts Act (referred to in this Act as the
principal Act) is amended by deleting subsections (2), (3) and (4) and
substituting the following subsections:

“(2) Subject to subsections (3) and (4), a District Court _shall have all the
jurisdiction of the High Court to hear and try any action in personam_ where —

(_a_) the defendant is served with a writ of summons or any other originating
process —

(i) in Singapore in the manner prescribed by Rules of Court; or

(ii) outside Singapore in the circumstances authorised by and in the manner
prescribed by Rules of Court; or

(_b_) the defendant submits to the jurisdiction of a District Court.

(3) Subject to section 28A of the Supreme Court of Judicature Act (Cap. 322)
and any order under subsection (1) thereof, a District Court’s jurisdiction
under subsection (2) shall not include —

(_a_) any supervisory jurisdiction or revisionary jurisdiction;

(_b_) any jurisdiction relating to the judicial review of any act done or
decision made by any person or authority, including the issue of any of the
following prerogative orders:

(i) a Mandatory Order;

(ii) a Prohibiting Order;

(iii) a Quashing Order;

(iv) an Order for Review of Detention;

(_c_) any jurisdiction vested exclusively in the High Court, in any other
subordinate court, or in any judicial, quasi-judicial or administrative
tribunal, by written law; and

(_d_) any jurisdiction expressly excluded by written law.

(4) Subject to sections 22 and 23, a District Court’s jurisdiction under
subsection (2) shall not include jurisdiction to hear and try any action where
—

(_a_) the amount claimed in the action exceeds the District Court limit; or

(_b_) any remedy or relief sought in the action is in respect of a subject-
matter the value of which exceeds the District Court limit.”.

[emphasis added]

48 I also noted that the Explanatory Statement accompanying the Bill states as
follows:

This Bill seeks to _amend_ the Subordinate Courts Act (Cap. 321) for the
following main purposes:

(a) to _reform_ the law relating to the jurisdiction and powers of the
District Court and the Magistrate’s Court;

…

Clause 2 _amends_ section 19 to confer on a District Court all the
jurisdiction of the High Court to hear and try any action in personam where
the defendant is served with a writ of summons or any other originating
process in the manner prescribed by the Rules of Court, or the defendant
submits to the jurisdiction of a District Court. …

[emphasis added]

The Explanatory Statement shows, therefore, that the amendment described above
is intended to _amend_ SCA and not to clarify ambiguities.

49 The proposed amendment is significant because it removes the restriction of
the civil jurisdiction of the District Courts to specified causes of action.
If the Bill were passed, the District Court would have the jurisdiction of the
High Court, subject to the District Court’s monetary limit. Clause 3 of the
Bill also repeals ss 20 and 21 SCA, which are Subject Matter Jurisdiction
Provisions, as a consequence of the amendment to s 19. Other Subject Matter
Jurisdiction Provisions are amended to provide that they are “without
prejudice to the generality of section 19” (see clauses 6-8 of the Bill).

50 I was of the view that the Bill supported my conclusion that SCA
_currently_ limits the civil jurisdiction of the District Court to the causes
of action specified under the Subject Matter Jurisdiction Provisions.

Second Issue

Background

51 Since I held that the District Court’s jurisdiction is limited by the
Subject Matter Jurisdiction Provisions, it was necessary for me to consider
whether the Counterclaim raised causes of action that fell within one or more
of the Subject Matter Jurisdiction Provisions.

The parties’ arguments

52 The appellants argued that the Counterclaim raised the following causes of
action which fall within the Subject Matter Jurisdiction Provisions:

(a) The appellants argued that the District Court has the jurisdiction to try
the Counterclaim under s 19(3)(b) SCA because the respondent has submitted to
the jurisdiction of the District Court by filing its Defence to the
Counterclaim.

(b) The Counterclaim raises a cause of action “founded on contract” within the
meaning of s 20, SCA because, according to the appellants, the Counterclaim
alleges that the respondent breached its obligations under a statutory
contract with the appellants under the Building Management and Strata
Management Act (Cap 30C, Rev Ed 2008) (“BMSMA”). BMSMA imposes a duty on the
respondent to manage and administer the common property for the benefit of all
the subsidiary proprietors, tenants and licensees.

(c) The Counterclaim raises two causes of action “founded on tort” within the
meaning of s 20 SCA. The first cause of action was the respondent’s breaching
of its statutory duties in allowing some subsidiary proprietors to encroach,
occupy, obstruct and illegally use the common property. The second cause of
action was the respondent’s commission of the tort of trespass by allowing the
other subsidiary proprietors to encroach, occupy, obstruct and illegally use
the common property.

(d) The appellants referred to ss 32(10), 32(11) and 88 BMSMA. The appellants
argued that those sections confer the District Court with jurisdiction to hear
the claims that they raised in the Counterclaim. In this regard, the
appellants rely on s 19(6) SCA, which provides that “the District Court shall
have such jurisdiction as is vested in it by any other written law”.

(e) The counterclaim raises an action “for the recovery of immovable property”
within the meaning of s 25 SCA.

53 The respondent raised the following arguments:

(a) Neither a breach of statutory duty nor a breach of BMSMA comes within any
of the Subject Matter Jurisdiction Provisions.

(b) There could be no trespass by the respondent as the appellants are not in
possession of common property. Indeed, it is the respondent who is in
possession of the same.

(c) The Counterclaim “is doomed to fail” because the appellants are claiming
for both damages and an injunction even though s 88 BMSMA provides that a
subsidiary proprietor claiming for a breach of any of the provisions Part V
BMSMA can only seek either damages _or_ an order to restrain the breach of the
provision.

(d) Section 124 BMSMA provides that every application to court under BMSMA
must be by originating summons.

My decision

(1) The nature of the inquiry at this stage of the proceedings

54 The respondent seemed to have misunderstood the nature of the inquiry at
this stage of the proceedings when it argued that the Counterclaim was “doomed
to fail”. I was not required to determine whether there were merits to the
Counterclaim. My role was limited to determining whether the District Court
had _jurisdiction_ to hear the claims that the appellants’ have raised in the
Counterclaim. Accordingly, it was not necessary for me to consider the
respondent’s arguments based on ss 88 and 124 BMSMA.

55 I observed, however, that the respondent’s arguments on those provisions
were not persuasive. As for the use of the word “or” in s 88 BMSMA, I would
have thought that it is not _necessarily_ impermissible to seek both damages
and an injunction in a claim. For example, it might be consistent with s 88
BMSMA for a plaintiff to seek damages for past breaches _and_ an injunction to
restrain future breaches. Section 88 BMSMA would not appear to be infringed if
such claims were made because the claims would relate to different time
frames.

56 As for the argument on s 124 BMSMA, I considered that the section did not
apply to the action for breach of statutory duty, which, as will be seen
below, was the only action that was adequately pleaded (see below at [61]).
Section 124 BMSMA applies to “[e]very _application_ to the court under _this
Act_ ” (emphasis added). As will be seen below (see below at [64]-[67]), an
action for breach of statutory duty is an action in tort. The claim is not
brought under BMSMA as such. Rather, the action is brought as a common law
claim. A similar approach was taken by the Court of Appeal in _Management
Corporation Strata Title Plan No 980 v Yat Yuen Hong Co Pte Ltd and another_
[1992] 3 SLR(R) 219 (“ _Yat Yuen Hong_ ”). In that case, the Court of Appeal
was concerned, _inter alia_ , with whether proper notice of a meeting of a
management corporation was given. One of the arguments raised on appeal was
that the proceedings in the High Court were a nullity because the proceedings
were commenced by way of originating summons and not by way of a summons in
chambers. Section 46(1) Land Titles (Strata) Act (Cap 158, 1985 Rev Ed)
(“LTSA”) required “every application to court under [LTSA]” to be by summons
in chambers. The Court of Appeal held that the proceedings in the High Court
did not concern an _application under_ the LTSA, even though LTSA provisions
were “touched on” in the course of proceedings (_Yat Yuen Hong_ at [35]):

35 We would now deal with the second issue in this appeal. The respondents
submitted that the entire proceedings below, which were begun by originating
summons, were a nullity because s 46(1) of the Act provides that "... every
application to court under this Act shall be by summons in chambers". This
submission is without substance. No question as to the jurisdiction of the
High Court arises in this connection. The proceedings in the High Court dealt
with issues which touched on the provisions of the Act. They were not an
application under the Act. At any rate, both parties had proceeded under this
originating process and it would be quite wrong to allow the respondents to
invalidate the entire proceedings.

Likewise, I thought that the appellant’s claim for a breach of statutory duty
was not an application under BMSMA, even though the provisions of that Act
might have to be referred to in the proceedings to determine the content of
the respondent’s statutory duty.

57 Even if I was wrong on this point, as both parties had come some way in the
present action, I was of the view that it would not be right to allow the
respondent to invalidate the entire proceedings just because the appellants’
counterclaim was not begun by originating summons.

(2) My approach

58 It was relevant for me to consider, as a preliminary issue, whether the
claims that the appellants said were raised in the Counterclaim were
adequately pleaded. If the claims were not pleaded, it would not be open to
the appellants to raise those claims in support of their argument that the
District Court has jurisdiction over the Counterclaim, unless the appellants
obtain leave to amend the Counterclaim.

59 Therefore my approach was to, first, consider whether the claims that the
appellants argue were raised in the Counterclaim were adequately pleaded.
Secondly, if those claims were adequately pleaded, I had to consider whether
they fell within any of the Subject Matter Jurisdiction Provisions in SCA.

(3) Were the claims that the appellants allege were raised in the Counterclaim
adequately pleaded?

60 The Counterclaim repeats paragraphs 4 to 9 of the appellants’ defence.
Those paragraphs elaborate on the appellants’ assertion that the respondent
allowed other subsidiary proprietors to place equipment, objects and other
items on the common property. The Counterclaim then states that the respondent
breached its “duty of care in law” to the subsidiary proprietors to ensure
that the common property was not obstructed. The Counterclaim also states that
the respondent has “arbitrarily exercised its powers in bad faith” by
commencing this action against the appellants.

61 Pleadings must contain material facts (see O 18, r 7(1) Rules of Court).
Material facts for this purpose are those facts which are necessary to form a
complete cause of action in the sense that the omission of such a fact would
make the statement of claim bad (see _First Link Energy Pte Ltd v Creanovate
Pte Ltd and another action_ [2007] 1 SLR(R) 1050 at [37]; _Multi-Pak Singapore
Pte Ltd (in receivership) v Intraco Ltd and others_ [1992] 2 SLR(R) 382 at
[29]; both cases referred to _Bruce v Odhams Press Ltd_ [1936] 1 KB 697 at
712).

62 My view was that the only cause of action that the appellants have
adequately pleaded is the action for breach of statutory duty. I did not find
that the cause of action for breach of contract was adequately pleaded. The
relevant contract, here the by-laws, was not specifically pleaded. It is true
that the conduct constituting breach (_viz_. the respondent’s alleged failure
to ensure that the common property was not obstructed to deprive the
subsidiary proprietors of its use) was adequately pleaded. However, it is
necessary for a party to also plead the terms of the contract (see _Singapore
Court Practice 2009_ (Jeffrey Pinsler , SC gen ed) (LexisNexis, 2003) at para
18/7/3).

63 The cause of action for trespass was also not adequately pleaded. It is
true that only the material facts supporting the cause of action for trespass
need to be pleaded. The pleadings need not specifically state the legal
conclusion that the material facts constituted trespass (see _Drane v
Evangelou_ [1978] 1 WLR 455 at 458). However, the facts pleaded in the
Counterclaim do not support a cause of action for trespass on the part of the
_respondent_. At most, the Counterclaim has sufficient facts to form an
allegation that the _other subsidiary proprietors_ trespassed on the common
property. I should add that I am not deciding as to whether it is possible for
a subsidiary proprietor to commit a trespass on the common property, although
it seemed to me (without my deciding the point) that the respondent could not
itself trespass on the common property as it is the very body that is charged
with managing the common property.

64 Similarly, the cause of action for the recovery of immovable property was
not adequately pleaded. The Counterclaim does not assert sufficient facts to
support an allegation that the appellants were seeking recovery of the common
property from the _respondent_. Likewise, it seemed to me (without my deciding
the point) that the appellants could not as a matter of law recover common
property from the respondent.

(4) Does an action for a breach of statutory duty fall within any of the
Subject Matter Jurisdiction Provisions?

65 My view was that an action for a breach of statutory duty fell under s 20
SCA because it is an action founded on a tort.

66 A breach of statutory duty is a tort. The editors of _Clerk & Lindsell on
Tort_ (Sweet & Maxwell, 19th Ed, 2006) state the following at para 9-01:

A person who has suffered damage as a result of a breach of a statutory duty
**_may_** have an action _in tort_ , classified by Lord Browne-Wilkinson in X
(Minors) v Bedfordshire County Council as an “action for breach of statutory
duty simpliciter”. In English law this is a specific common law action which
is distinct from the tort of negligence, even where the negligence action is
based on a common law duty of care arising either from the imposition of a
statutory duty or from the performance of it…

[emphasis added; emphasis in original in bold italics]

67 There is also English Court of Appeal authority that a breach of statutory
duty is an action founded on tort for the purpose of the County Courts Act
1959 (c 22) (UK) (“County Courts Act”). In _Thornton v Kirlees Metropolitan
Borough Council_ [1979] 1 QB 626 (“ _Thornton_ ”), the English Court of Appeal
had to consider whether a claim for a mandatory injunction to order a
statutory authority to perform its statutory duty under the Housing (Homeless
Persons) Act 1977 (c 48) (UK) was within the jurisdiction of the County Court.
The County Court decided that the claimant’s pleadings did not raise a cause
of action because the claimant was not entitled to sue the statutory authority
for breach of statutory duty and so the County Court did not have jurisdiction
over the case. On appeal, Megaw LJ noted that, in principle, an action for
breach of statutory duty would fall within the County Court’s jurisdiction
because it was an action for tort (at 634F-G):

The reason why Judge Hurwitz struck out the particulars of claim and dismissed
the action was that, in his judgment, no action lay against the council for
damages for any breach which they might have committed of that statutory duty
under section 3 (4) of the Act of 1977. Thus, the cause of action pleaded was
not within the jurisdiction of the county court. For this purpose _an action
based on an allegation of a breach of a statutory duty_ , with an allegation
that damage has been caused thereby to the plaintiff, can, the plaintiff
asserts, be treated as _being an action for tort_ for the purpose of section
39 of the County Courts Act 1959. The council do not assert the contrary.
_Thus, such an action, if it lies at all, would be within the jurisdiction of
the county court_.

[emphasis added]

I should add that s 39(1) of the County Courts Act 1959 is _in pari materia_
with s. 20(1) SCA:

39\. General jurisdiction in actions of contract and tort

(1) A county court shall have jurisdiction to hear and determine any action
founded on contract or tort where the debt, demand or damage claimed is not
more than four hundred pounds, whether on balance of account or otherwise:

Provided that a county court shall not, except as in this Act provided, have
jurisdiction hear and determine, -

(a) any action for the recovery of land; or

(b) any action in which the title to any heriditament or to any toll, fair,
market or franchise is in question; or

(c) any action for libel, slander, seduction or breach of promise of marriage

(2) A county court shall have jurisdiction to hear and determine any action
where the debt or demand claimed consists of a balance not exceeding four
hundred pounds after a set-off of any debt or demand claimed or recoverable by
the defendant from the plaintiff, being a set-off admitted by the plaintiff in
the particulars of his claim or demand.

68 Indeed, Ms Carolyn Tan, counsel for the respondent, eventually conceded
that a breach of a statutory duty is a tort for present purposes.

69 As I have said, the action for breach of the by-laws was not adequately
pleaded. It is therefore not necessary for me to decide whether such an action
fell under the Subject Matter Jurisdiction Provisions. I observed, however,
that an action for breach of the by-laws could, in principle, constitute an
action founded on contract under s 20(1) SCA. The BMSMA provides that the by-
laws for common property are binding on the subsidiary proprietors and the
management corporation to the same extent as if the by-laws were signed and
sealed by the management corporation and each subsidiary proprietor and
contained mutual covenants to, _inter alia_ , comply with the by-laws (s 32(6)
BMSMA):

(6) Without limiting the operation of any other provision of this Act, the
prescribed by-laws and any by-laws made under this section or section 33 for
the time being in force shall bind the management corporation and the
subsidiary proprietors and any mortgagee in possession (whether by himself or
any other person), lessee or occupier of a lot to the same extent as if the
by-laws —

(a) had been _signed and sealed by the management corporation, and each
subsidiary proprietor_ and each such mortgagee, lessee and occupier,
respectively; and

(b) _contained mutual covenants to observe, comply and perform all the
provisions of the by-laws_.

[emphasis added]

70 Two High Court decisions have taken the view that the by-laws constitute a
statutory contract. In _Choo Kok Lin and another v Management Corporation
Strata Title Plan No 2405_ [2005] 4 SLR(R) 175, Judith Prakash J stated as
follows (at [23]):

23 Since _the by-laws are statutorily constituted contracts_ between the
management corporation and the subsidiary proprietors and between the
subsidiary proprietors inter se, it would appear logical to hold that the by-
laws cannot take effect until these persons come into existence. …

[emphasis added]

71 Kan Ting Chiu J also took a similar view in _Chia Sok Kheng Kathleen v The
Management Corporation Strata Title Plan No 669_ [2004] 4 SLR(R) 27 at
[40]-[41] (“ _Chia Sok Kheng Kathleen_ ”):

40 To whom was the duty owed? Section 41(4) of the Act stipulates that the by-
laws shall bind the management corporation and the subsidiary proprietors as
if the by-laws had been contained in properly executed agreements between the
management corporation and each subsidiary proprietor to observe and comply
with the by-laws.

41 By this provision, the management corporation and a subsidiary proprietor
_stand in the position of parties with contractual rights and obligations
between them_. If one party to the contract breaches its duties under the by-
laws and causes loss to another, the innocent party is entitled to seek
redress from the defaulter. The other features of a contractual relationship
will follow, and I shall deal with the time bar issue later.

[emphasis added]

72 Importantly, Kan J held that an action for a breach of the by-laws is an
action in contract for the purposes of the Limitation Act (Cap. 163) (_Chia
Sok Kheng Kathleen_ at [63]). I was of the opinion (without deciding on the
point) that Kan J’s view could be extended to the context of characterising
the cause of action for the purpose of subject matter jurisdiction.

73 I also observed that the action for breach of the by-laws could fall under
s 19(6) SCA, which provides that the District Court has “such jurisdiction as
is vested in it by any other written law”.

74 Section 32(10) BMSMA provides as follows:

(10) The management corporation or subsidiary proprietor, mortgagee in
possession, lessee or occupier of a lot shall be entitled to apply to _the
court_ —

(a) for an order to enforce the performance of or restrain the breach of any
by-law by; or

(b) to recover damages for any loss or injury to person or property arising
out of the breach of any by-law from,

any person bound to comply therewith, the management corporation or the
managing agent.

75 BMSMA does not define the court to which an application may be made.
However, s 2(1) Interpretation Act (Cap 1, Rev Ed 2002), defines the word
“court” as meaning “any court of competent jurisdiction in Singapore”. The
High Court has held that the Subordinate Courts fall within this definition
(_Public Prosecutor v D'Crus L Edward Epiphany_ [1993] 1 SLR(R) 128 at [7]).
Accordingly, I was of the view that the District Court has jurisdiction over
an action for breach of the by-laws on the basis of s 32(10) BMSMA.

(5) The argument based on s 19(3)(b) SCA

76 Counsel for the appellants argued that the District Court had jurisdiction
under s 19(3)(b) SCA because the respondent had submitted to the District
Court’s jurisdiction by taking steps in the proceedings. I found this argument
to be wholly devoid of merit. Section 19(3)(b) SCA is, by its own terms,
subject to the Subject Matter Jurisdiction Provisions:

(3) A District Court shall have the jurisdiction _in sections 20, 21, 25, 26
and 29 where_ —

(a) the defendant is served with a writ or other originating process —

(i) in Singapore in the manner prescribed by Rules of Court; or

(ii) outside Singapore in the circumstances authorised by and in the manner
prescribed by Rules of Court; or

(b) the _defendant submits to the jurisdiction of a District Court_.

[emphasis added]

Section 19(3) SCA provides that the District Court has the jurisdiction _in ss
20, 21, 25, 26 and 29_ if either ss 19(3)(a) or 19(3)(b) SCA is satisfied.
Even if the respondent submitted to the jurisdiction of the District Court, it
is necessary to consider whether the causes of action raised by the appellants
fell within the Subject Matter Jurisdiction Provisions.

Conclusion on the First Appeal

77 Since the appellants have raised a cause of action that fell within the
Subject Matter Jurisdiction Provisions, the District Court had jurisdiction
over the Counterclaim. Accordingly, I allowed the First Appeal.

Costs

78 I decided that the appellants should have costs for the First Appeal. In
view of the appellants’ default in serving the notice of appeal within the
time required, I decided that the respondent should have costs for the Second
Appeal even though I allowed that appeal. The quantum of each set of costs was
to be the same and set-off against each other.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 02 Nov 2010 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

