Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Pacrim Investments Pte Ltd _v_ Tan Mui Keow Claire and another  
[2010] SGHC 134

Case Number| :| Originating Summons No 165 of 2004  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 03 May 2010  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Peh Aik Hin AR  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Lisa Chong (Lisa Chong & Partners) for the plaintiff;
Andre Maniam SC and Adeline Ong (WongPartnership LLP) for the second
defendant.  
Parties| :|  Pacrim Investments Pte Ltd — Tan Mui Keow Claire and another  
  
3 May 2010|  
---|---  
  
Peh Aik Hin AR:

Introduction

1 The plaintiff, Pacrim Investments Pte Ltd (“Pacrim”), sought damages against
the second defendant, Mediastream Limited (“MSL”), in respect of the latter’s
failure to register the transfers of certain MSL shares submitted by Pacrim
for registration in September 2003. The present application concerned a
preliminary issue which would determine Pacrim’s entitlement to such damages.

2 On 14 April 2010, I determined the preliminary issue in favour of MSL. Save
for some editorial changes, these grounds set out essentially the same reasons
given in my judgment on 14 April 2010.

Brief background

3 The facts are undisputed, and a brief summary of the material facts leading
up to the present application would suffice for present purposes.

4 On 29 September 2002, Pacrim received the share certificates for 70m MSL
shares from one Desmond Poh (“Poh”), together with blank transfers duly signed
by him, as a pledge for a brokerage fee payable by Poh to Pacrim. The
brokerage fee was in respect of an acquisition transaction brokered and
arranged by the latter. Poh and Pacrim agreed that the payment of the fee
would be deferred by one year but no later than 22 September 2003, failing
which Pacrim would be entitled to transfer the 70m shares to itself or its
nominees and to sell those shares to recover its brokerage fee. Pacrim
subsequently released 20m shares to Poh for him to raise funds to pay part of
the brokerage fee, leaving itself with only 50m shares. After the one-year
restriction had expired, Pacrim submitted two transfers of 20m and 30m shares
on 23 and 24 September 2003 respectively to MSL for registration. For various
reasons (which are not material to the present application), MSL refused the
registration.

5 MSL’s refusal led to the present proceedings commenced by Pacrim on 10
February 2004 (_ie_ , Originating Summons No 165 of 2004 (“OS”)) against the
first defendant, MSL’s company secretary, and MSL (the second defendant) for
the orders that MSL register the transfers of the 50m shares and for damages
to be assessed. The OS was heard and dismissed by the High Court at first
instance on 3 August 2004 (see _Pacrim Investments Pte Ltd v Tan Mui Keow
Claire and another_ [2005] 1 SLR(R) 141). On 18 April 2004, Pacrim filed a
notice of appeal against the High Court’s decision.

6 While the appeal was pending, MSL was placed under judicial management on 22
April 2005. Subsequently, in 2007, a scheme of arrangement (“the Scheme”) was
proposed for MSL. The purpose of the Scheme as set out in cl 2 of the Scheme
was as follows:[note: 1]

**2\. Purpose**

2.1 The purpose of this Scheme is to _resolve and satisfy Scheme Claims that
Scheme Creditors may have while at same time trying to ensure the continued
validity of the Company as a going concern_.

2.2 The Company proposes and agrees, subject to the acceptance by the
requisite majority of Scheme Creditors at the Court Meeting (or adjournment
thereof), and the approval by the Court of this Scheme pursuant to Section 210
read with Section 277X of the Act, to implement this Scheme.

[emphasis added]

7 Clause 1.1 of the Scheme in turn defined a “Scheme Creditor” as “any
Creditor of the Company having a Scheme Claim, other than an Excluded Creditor
[defined as Ferrier Hodgson]”[note: 2] and a “Scheme Claim” as:[note: 3]

… the total amount of any claim for which the Company is or may be liable or
indebted (whether _actual, contingently or otherwise_ , whether such claim
arises in contract, tort, restitution or otherwise, and whether liquidated or
unliquidated, or sounding or resulting in damages or equitable compensation or
otherwise) to that Scheme Creditor _in respect of or arising from any and all
acts, omissions, agreements, transactions, dealings, matters and events
whatsoever effected, occurring or otherwise taking place on or prior to the
making of the Judicial Management Order on 22 April 2005_ , which have not
been paid, satisfied, extinguished, abated or otherwise diminished. [emphasis
added]

8 In other words, the Scheme sought to compromise and satisfy all Scheme
Claims which arose from any act or omission or any event whatsoever that
occurred on or prior to the making of the judicial management order on 22
April 2005 so as to save the company from insolvency and to ensure its
survival. This compromise was to be achieved by way of a combination of cash
payments and debt-to-equity swaps[note: 4]. On 10 July 2007, the Scheme was
approved by all the Scheme Creditors who attended and voted at the meeting
convened. The Scheme was subsequently approved by the High Court on 21 August
2007 pursuant to s 210 of the Companies Act (Cap 50, 2006 Rev Ed) (“the Act”)
and took effect on 23 August 2007 when a copy of the court’s order was lodged
with the Accounting and Corporate Regulatory Authority. After the successful
implementation of the Scheme, MSL survived the crisis and managed to emerge
from judicial management on 2 October 2007.

9 During the entire period that MSL was under judicial management (including
the implementation of the Scheme), Pacrim’s appeal to the Court of Appeal was
kept pending as parties sought several adjournments of the hearing. In any
case, there was a stay of all proceedings following the making of the judicial
management order. At one stage, leave was sought by Pacrim to continue with
the appeal but this application was eventually withdrawn and Pacrim was happy
to keep the appeal pending while MSL was under judicial management. As noted
by Mr Low Ee Chin, Pacrim’s Chief Executive Officer, in his affidavit dated 22
February 2010, “it did not make sense to incur additional costs and expenses
[in pursuing the appeal] in the event that there is no value in the
shares.”[note: 5]

10 After MSL emerged from judicial management, the appeal was finally heard on
22 February 2008 and the Court of Appeal allowed Pacrim’s appeal (see _Pacrim
Investments Pte Ltd v Tan Mui Keow Claire and another_ [2008] 2 SLR(R) 898 (“
_Pacrim Investments Pte Ltd_ ”)). Accordingly, the requisite number of MSL
shares (being 5m shares, following restructuring and amalgamation of 10 shares
to one as a result of the Scheme[note: 6]) was transferred to Pacrim. Pacrim
sold these shares between May and December 2008 and received a net sale
proceeds of approximately $214,285. According to Pacrim, if the transfer of
the initial 50m shares had been registered in 2003 when they were first
submitted for registration and sold, the sale proceeds would have been around
the region of $1,750,000, given the then higher stock price of MSL on the
Singapore Stock Exchange[note: 7]. Pacrim thus sought to recover damages from
MSL for its loss suffered in the sale of the shares.

11 A dispute arose between parties as to whether Pacrim was entitled to
damages, given that the Court of Appeal in _Pacrim Investments Pte Ltd_ had
made no order as to damages (see [28]) and that MSL, while the appeal was
pending, had undergone the Scheme. It was subsequently clarified by the Court
of Appeal that Pacrim was entitled to have damages assessed. However, the
Court of Appeal also pointed out that the question of whether Pacrim had the
right to proceed with assessment because of the Scheme was an issue not before
the court and was to be decided by the court hearing the application to assess
damages. This gave rise to the present application. At the start of the
hearing of this application on 12 March 2010, Pacrim confirmed that it was
only seeking damages from MSL and not the first defendant.

The preliminary issue

12 The preliminary issue before me was thus simply whether the Scheme had
extinguished Pacrim’s claim for damages. As will be seen, the resolution of
this issue turned ultimately on a question of statutory construction given the
arguments raised by the parties. It will be helpful to first set out, in gist,
the parties’ positions on this issue.

13 Pacrim’s case in essence was that it was not a “creditor” of MSL for
purposes of the Scheme since its claim had been dismissed by the High Court
and it had yet to succeed in its appeal before MSL was placed under judicial
management (see [8] above). Thus, it could not in anyway be bound by the
Scheme which was binding only on Scheme Creditors. Pacrim submitted that the
question of whether it was a creditor is “a legal issue and is not dependent
on how “Creditor”, “Scheme Claim” or “Scheme Creditor” are defined in the
Scheme, but rather, on the legal definition of “creditor” within the meaning
of Section 210 of the Companies Act (Cap 50)”[note: 8]. Counsel for Pacrim, Ms
Lisa Chong, accepted that if Pacrim were a creditor under s 210, Pacrim would
naturally fall within the broad definition of “Scheme Creditor” under the
Scheme and would be bound by it. She also accepted that the effect of the
Scheme would be to extinguish Pacrim’s claim for damages. However, given that
Pacrim’s claim against MSL had already been dismissed by the High Court at the
material time, she submitted (with reference to authorities that I will deal
with below) that Pacrim could not in any way be a creditor under s 210.

14 MSL’s position in turn was that Pacrim was for all intents and purposes a
Scheme Creditor as Pacrim had a claim that was pending appeal when MSL entered
into judicial management and/or when the Scheme was introduced, and such a
claim was in respect of MSL’s failure to register the share transfers in 2003
(which was prior to the making of the judicial management order (see [8]
above)). Counsel for MSL, Mr Andre Maniam SC, suggested that since the Court
of Appeal in the recent case of _The Oriental Insurance Co Ltd v Reliance
National Asia Re Pte Ltd_ [2008] 3 SLR(R) 121 (“ _Oriental_ ”) had endorsed
the Australian approach that a scheme becomes an order of court once approved
by the court, the “focus” should properly be on the terms of the Scheme and
the issue properly framed should be whether Pacrim was a “Scheme Creditor” as
defined in the Scheme[note: 9]. However, he submitted (with reference to
authorities that I will deal with below), disagreeing with Ms Chong, that, in
any event, Pacrim was a creditor within s 210 of the Act.

15 Notwithstanding the slight dispute on how the issue should be properly
framed, it would be clear from the positions taken by the parties (and both
counsel have accepted this as well at the hearing) that the resolution of the
preliminary issue would invariably turn on the definition of “creditor” in s
210 of the Act, and whether Pacrim fell within this definition. As mentioned,
Pacrim accepted that if it were a “creditor” for purposes of s 210 of the Act,
it would be a Scheme Creditor under the Scheme and would be bound by it, with
the consequence that its claim would be extinguished.

16 Any difficulty only arises if I find that Pacrim was _not_ a “creditor”
under s 210. Mr Maniam suggested (without pressing the point too far) that
Pacrim could still nevertheless fall within the broad definition of “Scheme
Creditor” under the Scheme and be bound by the Scheme given the Court of
Appeal’s decision in _Oriental_. More will be said about this later.

17 I turn now to the meaning of “creditor” in s 210 of the Act.

Meaning of “creditor” in s 210 of the Act

18 Section 210 of the Act, which governs compromises and schemes of
arrangement in Singapore, provides as follows (and I set out the material sub-
sections):

**Power to compromise with creditors and members**

210\. —(1) Where a compromise or arrangement is proposed between a company and
its _creditors_ or any class of them or between the company and its members or
any class of them, the Court may, on the application in a summary way of the
company or of any creditor or member of the company, or, in the case of a
company being wound up, of the liquidator, order a meeting of the _creditors_
or class of _creditors_ or of the members of the company or class of members
to be summoned in such manner as the Court directs.

(2) A meeting held pursuant to an order of the Court made under subsection (1)
may be adjourned from time to time if the resolution for adjournment is
approved by a majority in number representing three-fourths in value of the
_creditors_ or class of _creditors_ or members or class of members present and
voting either in person or by proxy at the meeting.

(3) If a majority in number representing three-fourths in value of the
_creditors_ or class of _creditors_ or members or class of members present and
voting either in person or by proxy at the meeting or the adjourned meeting
agrees to any compromise or arrangement, the compromise or arrangement shall,
if approved by order of the Court, be binding on all the _creditors_ or class
of _creditors_ or on the members or class of members, as the case may be, and
also on the company or, in the case of a company in the course of being wound
up, on the liquidator and contributories of the company.

…

(4) Subject to subsection (4A), the Court may grant its approval to a
compromise or arrangement subject to such alterations or conditions as it
thinks just.

…

[emphasis added]

19 The section (and in fact the Act) is, however, silent on the meaning of
“creditor”. Counsel for both parties have informed me that “creditor” in s 210
has yet to be interpreted by the local courts.

20 It is beyond trite in Singapore that a purposive approach should be taken
for statutory construction (see s 9A of the Interpretation Act (Cap 1, 2002
Rev Ed); see also, for instance, the Court of Appeal decision of _Chief
Assessor and another v First DCS Pte Ltd_ [2008] 2 SLR(R) 724 at [10]) and, in
the present case, due consideration should be given to the legislative history
and purpose of s 210 in construing the meaning of “creditor” (see _Oriental_
at [30]).

Legislative history and purpose of s 210

21 V K Rajah JA, delivering the judgment of the Court of Appeal in _Oriental_
, has dealt at length with the legislative history and purpose of s 210 (at
[31]–[41]). He explained that s 210, which first appeared as s 176 of the
Companies Act 1967 (Act 42 of 1967), has its origins in both s 206 of the
Companies Act 1948 (c 38) (UK) (the present s 895 of the Companies Act 2006 (c
46) (UK), previously s 425 of the Companies Act 1985 (c 6) (UK) (“the 1985 UK
Act”)) and s 181 of the Companies Act 1961 of Victoria, Australia (the
precursor to the present s 411 of the Corporations Act 2001 (Cth) (“the
Australian Act”)). He thus described s 210 as “a _hybrid_ of both the UK and
the Australian provisions” (at [34]; however, he also noted that there were
some material differences in wording between the Singapore/Australian
provision and the UK provision (see [36])).

22 As for the purpose of s 210, Rajah JA noted that the explanatory statement
in the Companies Bill 1966 as well as the relevant parliamentary debates did
not shed much light on the purpose behind the enactment of s 176 (the present
s 210). Nonetheless, he pointed out that the purpose behind legislative
provisions on schemes of arrangement has been extensively considered by the
English and Australian courts (see _Oriental_ at [38]). He cited approvingly
(at [38]) the following passage from _Re Norfolk Island And Byron Bay Whaling
Co Ltd_ (1969) 90 WN (Pt 1) (NSW) 351 where Street J summarised the purpose
behind the then equivalent of the Australian s 411 (at 354):

_The section is intended to provide machinery (i) for overcoming the
impossibility or impracticability of obtaining the individual consent of every
member of the class intended to be bound thereby [ie, by the scheme of
arrangement], and (ii) for preventing, in appropriate circumstances, a
minority of class members frustrating a beneficial scheme_. As Younger J. said
in 1917 [in _In re Guardian Assurance Company_ [1917] 1 Ch 431 at 441] of the
corresponding English section [_viz_ , s 120 of the Companies (Consolidation)
Act 1908 (c 69) (UK)], in terms later quoted by Astbury J. in _In re Anglo-
Continental Supply Co. Ltd_. [[1922] 2 Ch 723]: “Its purpose is strictly
limited; it does not confer powers; its only effect at any time is to supply,
by recourse to the procedure thereby prescribed, the absence of that
individual agreement by every member of the class to be bound by the scheme
which would otherwise be necessary to give it validity.” [emphasis added]

Reference may also be made to _Walter Woon on Company Law_ (Tan Cheng Han gen
ed) (Sweet & Maxwell Asia, Rev 3rd Ed, 2009) at para 16.2 where it is
commented that s 210 “ _obviates_ the need for a messy and complicated series
of negotiations with a view to obtaining the _unanimous_ approval of the
members or creditors to a novation or assignment or other _variation of their
rights_ ” [emphasis added] (endorsed in _Oriental_ at [40]).

23 It has also been recognised that one of the purposes of legislative
provisions providing for schemes of arrangements is to encourage compromises
and arrangements between a company and its creditors, so as to avoid putting
the company into liquidation and to facilitate the financial rehabilitation of
the company. In _Sea Assets Limited v Perusahaan Perseroan (Persero) PT
Perusahaan Penerbangan Garuda Indonesia_ [2001] EWCA Civ 1696, Peter Gibson
LJ, delivering the judgment of the English Court of Appeal, held the following
(at [2]):

_It has been the legislative policy for well over a century to encourage
compromises and arrangements between a company and its creditors or members_.
That has been achieved by the enactment of a statutory mechanism to enable the
absence of consent of minority creditors or members to be overcome, provided
that a sufficient number of the relevant creditors or members agree with the
proposed compromise or arrangement and the court gives its approval. If that
occurs, then the dissentient minority will be bound by that compromise or
arrangement. That of course in the case of a creditor is an encroachment on
his right to be paid what he is owed in accordance with the contractual terms.
_But the utility of the statutory mechanism is particularly obvious in a case
where a company is in financial difficulties but can persuade most, but not
all, of the relevant creditors that the company's debts should be restructured
rather than that those creditors should exercise their rights, including the
right to put the company into liquidation_. [emphasis added]

(See also _In re T & N Ltd and others_ [2006] 1 WLR 1728 (“ _In re T & N_”) at
[40] (quoted below at [27]) and _Australian Corporation Law: Principles and
Practice_ (Butterworth, Looseleaf Ed, 1991) (“ _Australian Corporation Law_
”), vol 2 at para 5.1.0010).

A wide construction

24 Returning back to the meaning of “creditor” in s 210, MSL submitted that
the word should be given as wide a meaning as possible. Indeed, the position
taken in the UK and Australia is that “creditor” for purposes of scheme
provisions should be given a broad meaning. The learned authors of _Palmer’s
Company Law_ (Geoffrey Morse ed) (Sweet & Maxwell, Looseleaf Ed, 1992–2009) (“
_Palmer_ ”) explain in vol 2 at para 12.047 as follows:

_In general, any person having a pecuniary claim against the company capable
of estimate is a creditor_. Future tort claimants in respect of asbestosis
damage claims were held to be creditors on proof of exposure to asbestos. So
too were actual or potential claimants under the Civil Liability
(Contribution) Act 1978.

Where it is impossible to ascertain for certain all the creditors it is proper
to require claims to be submitted within a time limit. The claims may have to
be supported by documentary evidence. Disputed claim may be referred to an
independent adjudicator, whose decision is to be final “so far as the law
allows”.

[emphasis added]

(See also _Buckley on the Companies Acts_ (Dame Mary Arden, Dan Prentice & Sir
Thomas Stockdale gen eds) (LexisNexis UK, Looseleaf Ed, 2007), vol 2 at para
425.19 where a creditor in the equivalent UK provision is described as
“[e]very person who has a pecuniary claim against the company, whether actual
or contingent”, H A J Ford, R P Austin & I M Ramsay, _Ford’s Principles of
Corporations Law_ (Butterworths, Looseleaf Ed, 1995), vol 2 at para 24.020
which states that “[t]he word “creditor” in s 411 is to be given a wide
meaning” and _Australian Corporation Law_ , vol 2 at para 5.1.0035 which
states that “[t]he court takes a wide view of the meaning to be given to the
term [_ie_ , “creditor”] [and] [i]t includes all persons having any pecuniary
claims against the company, whether their claims be actual or contingent.”)

25 In the English Court of Appeal case of _Re Midland Coal, Coke, and Iron
Company_ [1895] 1 Ch 267 (“ _Re Midland Coal_ ”), a case referred to by both
counsel, Lindley LJ held at 277:

… we agree with Mr. Justice Wright in thinking that the word "creditor" is
used in the Act of 1870 in the _widest sense_ , and that _it includes all
persons having any pecuniary claims against the company. Any other
construction would render the Act practically useless_. [emphasis added]

26 _Re Midland Coal_ was followed in Australia in _Re Glendale Land
Development Ltd (No 2)_ (1982) ACLC 562 (“ _Re Glendale Land Development_ ”)
(a case relied on by Ms Chong) where McLelland J held (at 564) that
“creditors” in the statutory provision relating to schemes should be
understood as “ _embracing_ all persons with claims which would be entitled to
be _admitted to proof if the company were wound up_ ” [emphasis added]. At
first blush, it would appear that McLelland J, despite following _Re Midland
Coal_ , had somewhat restricted the meaning of “creditor” to those with a
provable claim in winding up. However, in the later case of _Re R L Child & Co
Pty Ltd_ (1986) 10 ACLR 673 (“ _Re R L Child_ ”), he clarified (at 674) that
his formulation in _Re Glendale Land Development_ “was _not_ intended to limit
the scope of the expression, but rather to indicate that persons with
unliquidated, prospective or contingent claims were not excluded,
notwithstanding difficulties of assessment of value in such cases” [emphasis
added]. Indeed, the word “embracing” used in his formulation in _Re Glendale
Land Development_ would suggest that the meaning of “creditor” in the context
of schemes of arrangement is not confined to persons with provable claims in
winding up. Referring to both _Re Glendale Land Development_ and _Re R L
Child_ , Anderson J in the subsequent case of _Bond Corporation Holdings Ltd v
Western Australia_ (1992) 7 ACSR 472 (“ _Bond Corporation_ ”) held at 477
that:

… there is ample and persuasive authority for the proposition that the term
“creditors” in s 411(4) is to be given a _wide meaning_ and _includes persons
having any pecuniary claim against the company, including unliquidated,
prospective or contingent claims_ … [emphasis added]

27 There is no doubt that the meaning of “creditor” in the context of schemes
of arrangement is much broader than that in the context of winding up. As held
by David Richards J in the recent case of _In re T & N_ at [40]:

_In my judgment, "creditors" in section 425 of the Companies Act 1985 is not
limited to those persons who would have a provable claim in the winding up of
the company, although it clearly includes all those who would have such a
claim. … one of the recognised purposes of section 425 is to encourage
arrangements with creditors which avoid liquidation and facilitate the
financial rehabilitation of the company: see, for example, Sea Assets Ltd v PT
Garuda Indonesia_ [2001] EWCA Civ 1696 at [2]. _This suggests that as wide a
meaning as possible should be given to "creditors" in the section_. Having
said that, it is important to bear in mind that section 425 is designed as a
mechanism whereby an arrangement may be imposed on dissenting or non-
participating members of the class and such a power is not to be construed as
extending so as to bind persons who cannot properly be described as
"creditors". [emphasis added]

Likewise, the learned authors of _Australian Corporation Law_ has pointed out
(in vol 2 at para 5.1.0035) that “creditors” in s 411 of the Australian Act
“may extend beyond such provable claims and embrace all claims over and above
those provable in winding up.”

28 Ms Chong accepted that the prevailing judicial opinion is that a broad
meaning should be ascribed to the word “creditor” for purposes of schemes of
arrangement. However, she submitted, with reference to extracts in _Palmer_ ,
_Australian Corporation Law_ and the Australian case of _Johnston v McGrath
and Another_ [2008] NSWSC 639 (“ _Johnston_ ”) that “[w]hether one is looking
for a “provable claim” or “pecuniary claim”, it is trite law that the “claim
or liability in respect of which proof is lodged must be one which is _legally
due_ , in the sense of being _enforceable_ by legal process if
necessary”[note: 10] [emphasis added]. A perusal of the authorities referred
to would show that they all relate clearly to provable claims in the context
of winding up. For instance, the passage she cited from _Palmer_ (at paras
15.402 and 15.405) states:

Provable debts

… the fundamental principles which underlie the concept of the _provable debt_
are common to both bankruptcy and winding-up. _Thus, the claim or liability in
respect of which proof is lodged must be one which is legally due, in the
sense of being enforceable by legal process if necessary_ , and it must be
demonstrable that the company itself is the party which, in law, is liable to
satisfy the claim. …

The time factor

The vital principal is that, to be _provable_ , a liability must _exist_ at
the date on which the company went into liquidation. …

[emphasis added]

29 As shown by the cases discussed above, “creditor” in the context of schemes
of arrangement has a much broader meaning than that in the winding up context.
Thus, I did not think that such a requirement as pointed out by Ms Chong was a
necessary element of the definition of “creditor” in the context of schemes of
arrangement.

30 In my view, bearing in mind the legislative purpose behind s 210 and having
regard to the position taken in both the UK and Australia, a wide meaning
should be given to the word “creditor” in s 210. As seen, the aim of s 210 (in
relation to creditors) is essentially to provide a _mechanism_ to overcome the
near impossibility or impracticability of obtaining the _unanimous_ consent of
all creditors to a proposed scheme (which is devised, more often than not, to
solve the company’s intractable financial problems and/or to save the company
from insolvency) and to bind _all_ creditors including _dissenting_ ones to
the scheme. A restrictive meaning of “creditor” such as that found in the
context of winding up (that leaves out creditors without a provable claim or
one that is not immediately payable) would thwart the purpose of having such a
scheme to compromise and satisfy the liabilities of the company so as give the
company, so as to speak, a new lease of life after the scheme is implemented.
Nonetheless, one should also pay heed to the caveat given by Richards J in _In
re T & N_ that “creditor” in relation to schemes of arrangement cannot be
construed so broadly as to extend a scheme to bind persons who cannot properly
be described as creditors (see [27] above).

31 The English and Australian authorities referred to above have, in my view,
established a working definition of “creditor” in relation to schemes of
arrangement that has been consistently applied by the English and Australian
courts. Given that our s 210 has its roots in both the UK and Australian
provisions and all three provisions share a common legislative purpose (see
[22]–[23] above), “creditor” in s 210 should likewise be construed broadly to
_include_ any person with any _pecuniary claim_ against the company,
notwithstanding whether such claim is unliquidated, prospective or contingent.
In the words of the learned authors of _Palmer_ , the pecuniary claim should
be one “capable of estimate” (see [24] above).

Whether Pacrim fell within the definition of “creditor” in s 210

32 Having decided on the meaning of “creditor” in s 210, it remained to be
considered if Pacrim would fall under this definition. Could Pacrim be said to
have a pecuniary claim capable of estimate given that what it had at the time
when MSL entered into judicial management and/or when the Scheme was
introduced was essentially a statutory right of appeal that had been
exercised? Extensive submissions have been made by both parties on this
question. It would be necessary to set out the main arguments (as well as the
cases referred to) in some detail to fully appreciate them.

The parties’ arguments and cases

33 Pacrim’s primary position (as mentioned) was that it was simply not a
creditor in law. Ms Chong submitted that at the time the judicial management
order was made, Pacrim’s claim had been adjudicated and dismissed by the High
Court. Although Pacrim had filed an appeal and the appeal was pending, the
High Court’s judgment remained good and enforceable so long as it was not set
aside[note: 11]. Reliance was placed on _Johnston_ where the court (in that
case) had noted that prior judicial determination which dismissed a
plaintiff’s appeal against a liquidator’s rejection of his proof of debt
amounted to a judicial decision that the alleged debt or claim was not
admissible as a debt payable by or a claim against the company. She further
pointed out that neither MSL nor the Scheme Manager treated Pacrim as a
creditor as they did not send the Scheme documents to Pacrim. Although Pacrim
was kept posted by MSL on the Scheme, she contended that even if Pacrim had
filed a proof of debt, the Scheme Manager would in all likelihood have
rejected it.

34 Mr Maniam, on the other hand, argued that there was an obvious and material
difference between a case where proceedings are pending and one where there is
a final, non-appealable judgment; a distinction that he submitted was
recognised by the Singapore High Court in _Re Baring Futures (Singapore) Pte
Ltd (in compulsory liquidation) and another action_ [2002] 1 SLR(R) 191 (“ _Re
Baring Futures_ ”) and _Bank of India v Rai Bahadur Singh and another_ [1993]
2 SLR(R) 1 (“ _Bank of India_ ”)[note: 12]. He thus argued that although
Pacrim’s claim had been dismissed at first instance, the High Court’s judgment
was not a final non-appealable judgment since Pacrim had exercised its
statutory right of appeal and that appeal was kept alive and pending. Mr
Maniam further referred, in the main, to two cases to argue that Pacrim should
be rightly recognised as a creditor (in particular, a _contingent_ creditor)
at the material time:

(a) The first case was _In re T & N_ where future asbestos claimants were held
to be creditors falling within the definition of creditors under s 425 of the
1985 UK Act. Notwithstanding that at the time of the scheme no liability on
the part of the company had arisen in respect of these claimants who had not
developed any of the asbestos-related diseases, the court held that they had a
contingent claim against the company and was thus a creditor for purposes of s
425 and the scheme in question (see _In re T & N_ at [60] and [66]).

(b) The second case was the US case of _Jaurdon v Cricket Communications_ 412
F 3d 1156 (“ _Jaurdon_ ”), which Mr Maniam submitted was on all fours with the
present case[note: 13]. In that case, the US Court of Appeals, Tenth Circuit,
rejected a company’s contention that a plaintiff with a pending appeal against
dismissal of its claim against the company did not have a “claim” within ch 11
of the Bankruptcy Code (US). The court held that the definition of “claim” in
ch 11 was broad enough to include the plaintiff’s claim, “be it disputed by
[the company] or _contingent_ upon [the] court’s decision on appeal” [emphasis
added] (at 1159). Referring to an article entitled “Schemes of Arrangement as
a Corporate Rescue Mechanism: The Singapore Experience” by Tracey Evans Chan
in (2009) 18 Int Insolv Rev 37 (at p 39), Mr Maniam pointed out that the
mechanism under s 210 was substantially similar to the bargaining framework
envisaged in the ch 11 plan approval process[note: 14].

35 Mr Maniam also argued that Pacrim should not be allowed to “flip-flop”
being a creditor; it cannot be a case where Pacrim was a creditor when the
action commenced, and then it ceased becoming one between 3 August 2004 (when
the OS was dismissed) and 21 February 2008 (a day prior to the appeal)
notwithstanding it maintained a pending appeal, and then it became a creditor
again on 22 February 2008 having won the appeal[note: 15]. He pointed out at
the hearing that if Pacrim had won at first instance or had proceeded with the
appeal immediately and won, it would certainly be a creditor and would have
been bound by the Scheme. There cannot be, in his words, one “sweet spot”
(_ie_ , the instant situation where Pacrim (fortuitously) lost at first
instance but won subsequently on appeal after the Scheme had been implemented)
that would allow Pacrim to escape from the effect of the Scheme while all
other creditors with claims, similarly arising from events before the date of
the judicial management order, were bound.

36 Since Pacrim was notified by MSL about the Scheme (although the Scheme
documents were not forwarded to Pacrim), Mr Maniam contended that it was
unfair for Pacrim to have sat back and adopted a wait and see approach while
the whole Scheme was taking place and then to assert its claim of some $2m
now, after having reaped the benefit of the Scheme (given that the company
survived because of the Scheme and Pacrim thus managed to recover shares that
were not entirely worthless). To hold that Pacrim was not a creditor would be
unfair to all other creditors who had voted in favour of the Scheme thinking
that the Scheme would “scrub the company clean of its liabilities” as well as
the present (new) shareholders of MSL who had taken over the company (MSL was
subjected to a reverse takeover after the Scheme) thinking it was free of all
previous liabilities. He pointed out that the Scheme had a limit of $9m for
all claims and if Pacrim had put in a proof of $2m, this limit would have been
exceeded and the Scheme would have to be reconsidered by all creditors[note:
16]. In all, he argued that to allow Pacrim’s contention would defeat the very
purpose of s 210.

37 Mr Maniam submitted that the right thing that Pacrim should have done was
to put in a proof of debt for the Scheme or alternatively to press on with the
appeal and then to file a proof of debt based on the successful outcome
thereof[note: 17]. For the former case, although in all likelihood the proof
of debt would have been disputed and/or rejected by the Scheme Manager, the
Scheme provided a mechanism to resolve such dispute including recourse to the
courts, and if the matter were to proceed to court, it was likely that the
court would have directed Pacrim to complete its appeal to determine if it had
a valid claim just like what Lai Kew Chai J ordered in _Re Baring Futures_ (in
respect of a challenge to the rejection of a proof of debt filed for winding
up).

38 Ms Chong responded to Mr Maniam’s arguments by pointing out that the cases
relied on by MSL were all distinguishable given that they did not concern
schemes of arrangement and/or the instant question faced by this court.
Although _In re T & N_ was decided in the context of schemes, she argued that
in that case, the company in question had already negligently exposed the
potential claimants to asbestos (and this was not disputed by the company)
whereas in the present case, it was not established until appeal that MSL’s
refusal to register the transfers of the shares was wrongful. In respect of
_Jaurdon_ which Mr Maniam claimed was on all fours with the present case, she
pointed out that the US Bankruptcy Code provided a very broad definition of
“claims” which specifically included “disputed” and “contingent” claims.
Indeed, the relevant section (_ie_ , s 101(5)(A)) defined a claim as a:

… right to payment, whether or not such right is reduced to judgment,
liquidated, unliquidated, fixed, contingent, matured, unmatured, disputed,
undisputed, legal, equitable, secured or unsecured.

39 Ms Chong further argued that a contingent creditor would denote “a person
towards whom under an _existing_ obligation, the company may or will become
subject to a present liability on the happening of some future event or at
some future date” [emphasis added] (_per_ Pennycuick J’s judgment in _In re
William Hockley Ltd_ [1962] 1 WLR 555 at 558, cited with approval by the
Singapore High Court in _Re People’s Parkway Development Pte Ltd_ [1991] 2
SLR(R) 567 at [10])[note: 18]. Quite clearly, MSL was not under any existing
liability at the time of the Scheme to Pacrim. It followed that Pacrim could
not have been a contingent creditor.

40 Although she accepted that Pacrim had notice of the Scheme all along, Ms
Chong submitted that it would have been futile for Pacrim to have done
anything given that the Scheme Manager would have rejected any proof put in by
Pacrim as its claim had already been dismissed by the High Court. She
postulated that a challenge of the Scheme Manager’s determination in court
would likewise fail since the High Court judgment, until set aside, was
binding and valid[note: 19]. In any case, she submitted that the onus was also
on the Scheme Manager and/or MSL to ask Pacrim to put in a proof of debt if
they had regarded Pacrim to be a creditor but this was not done.

My decision

41 Apart from the submissions on the law, it would be clear from the arguments
that much has also been proffered by both sides as to the conduct of the
parties (including what either party should or could have done at the relevant
time) as well as what could have happened if Pacrim had submitted a proof of
debt. However, I did not think that much weight, or any weight for that
matter, could be placed on these matters. There was no doubt that Pacrim was
kept abreast throughout with the developments of the Scheme though it was not
served with the Scheme documents. Ms Chong has confirmed at the hearing that
she is not in any way trying to impugn the validity of the Scheme. Therefore,
nothing should really turn on the conduct of the parties especially since the
question before the court was primarily one of construction (see [12] and [15]
above). As for what could have happened if Pacrim had submitted a proof of
debt, it would suffice for me to say that whatever postulations put forward by
the parties would merely be speculation now. No one, including this court, can
say for sure what could have happened. Likewise, these postulations were
irrelevant.

42 Turning then to the cases cited by the parties, I agreed generally with Ms
Chong that these cases (including _Johnston_ which was cited by Ms Chong
herself) did not strictly concern schemes of arrangement and/or the question
at hand. A somewhat similar question (_viz_ , whether a plaintiff with a
pending appeal (having lost at first instance) could be said to have a “claim”
within ch 11 of the Bankruptcy Code (see _Jaurdon_ at 1158)) was raised in
_Jaurdon_. The question was answered in the affirmative by the court and the
plaintiff’s claim against the company was accordingly held discharged pursuant
to a plan of reorganisation approved by the Bankruptcy Court (see _Jaurdon_ at
1159). I was, however, mindful that the US Bankruptcy Code provided a very
broad definition for “claims” (see [37] above), which has no equivalent in our
s 210. Notwithstanding the similarities between the US ch 11 protection and
our s 210, the latter has it roots, as demonstrated, in the relevant scheme
provisions in the UK and Australian legislation and not the US Bankruptcy Code
(see [21] above). The case of _In re T & N_ would appear to be the closest in
terms of context since it also concerned the interpretation of the word
“creditor” in s 425 of the 1985 UK Act (and, more specifically, whether future
asbestos claimants without an accrued cause of action at the time of a Scheme
could be a creditor for purposes of the scheme), but, admittedly, the case did
not involve a situation where a plaintiff’s claim had been judicially
adjudicated to be without merit at first instance.

43 This was not to say that these cases were entirely unhelpful. All it meant
was that the question posed in the present case cannot be resolved by a
straightforward application of any of the cases cited above. As admitted by
both counsel, the question posed was a novel one which has yet to be answered
so far. This was one question that would ultimately have to be resolved with
regard to the definition of “creditor” in s 210 (as I have found above) as
well as the purpose of s 210.

44 The present situation was such that at the time the judicial management
order was made and/or when the Scheme was introduced, Pacrim had a claim that
had already been dismissed by the High Court but which was still subject to an
appeal. Although both _Re Baring Futures_ and _Bank of India_ were not
concerned with the same context here, there can be no doubt that there exists
a distinction between a judgment which could still be set aside on appeal and,
to quote Lai Kew Chai J in _Re Baring Futures_ (at [12]), a “final non-
appealable judgment” as recognised in those cases. As a matter of logic, the
plaintiff’s rights (or for that matter, the defendant’s rights) in the latter
case would have been _conclusively_ determined by the court. If the court
finds against him, the plaintiff’s claim is extinguished forever (the case of
_Johnston_ , raised by Ms Chong (see [33] above), was precisely concerned with
an earlier final and non-appealable decision). The same, however, cannot be
said of the former case. Even if the court at first instance dismisses his
claim, the plaintiff still has a right of appeal (and in this case, a
_statutory_ right of appeal requiring _no leave of court_ at the time the
notice of appeal was filed (which was _before_ MSL entered into judicial
management)), and the final appeal may well vindicate his claim.

45 Does this then make Pacrim a contingent creditor (and/or someone with a
contingent claim or to whom the company owes a contingent liability) as Mr
Maniam had submitted? The cases of _In re William Hockley Ltd_ and _Re
People’s Parkway Development Pte Ltd_ cited by Ms Chong would suggest that a
contingent creditor must be someone to whom an existing obligation to pay is
owed (see [39] above). However, these two cases were construing contingent
creditors in the context of winding up and were concerned with the question of
who had the standing to present a winding-up petition (see _In re William
Hockley Ltd_ at 558 and _Re People’s Parkway Development Pte Ltd_ at [6] and
[10]). We have also seen that “creditors” take on a different (in fact, a
narrower) meaning in the context of winding up.

46 However, the definition of a “contingent creditor” (or a person with a
contingent claim or to whom the company owes a contingent liability) appears
to be much broader in other contexts. In the House of Lords decision of
_Winter and Others (Executors of Sir Arthur Munro Sutherland Bart, decd) v
Inland Revenue Commissioners [Appeal in In re Sutherland, decd]_ [1961] AC 235
(“ _In re Sutherland_ ”), the majority in construing the word “contingent
liability” in s 50(1) of the Finance Act 1940 (c 29) (UK) held that an
existing legal liability was not a requirement of a contingent liability. In
considering the general meaning of the phrase "contingent liability" in law
(and _not_ restricted to the statutory provision at hand), Lord Reid said at
248–249:

It would seem that the phrase "contingent liability" may have no settled
meaning in English law … _I would … find it impossible to hold that … a
contingent liability is merely a species of existing liability. It is a
liability which, by reason of something done by the person bound, will
necessarily arise or come into being if one or more of certain events occur or
do not occur_. [emphasis added]

47 Likewise, Lord Birkett held that an existing legal liability was not
necessary (at 253):

It was argued that an existing legal liability was essential to the creation
of a contingent liability, and that no such legal liability existed in this
case at the date of Sir Arthur's death. _In my view this is to take too narrow
a view of the true meaning of contingent liability_. [emphasis added]

48 Notably, Lord Guest suggested that a key feature of contingent liability
would be that the occurrence of the contingency or (so as to speak, the
triggering) event would _automatically_ by the _operation of law_ result in
the liability to pay (at 263–264):

… _if a liability must be an existing legal liability to comply with section
50 (1), that would appear to give no content to the adjective "contingent."_
The liability is not a legal liability until the contingency has arrived and
the section cannot therefore be restricted to "existing legal liabilities." …
The claim for initial allowances for what has been described as depreciation
is the voluntary choice of the taxpayer, but, once he has obtained such
allowances, _he is automatically involved by the operation of law in the
payment of balancing charges_ , if the assets are parted with at a price
greater than the written down value in the circumstances defined in section
292 of the Income Tax Act, 1952. In the present case as at the date of the
deceased's death the ships in question had a value on the open market
considerably in excess of that written down value. The liability for such a
balancing charge was, in my view, a "contingent liability" within the meaning
of section 50 (1) of the Act of 1940, the liability being contingent upon the
ships being sold at a price in excess of their written down value. [emphasis
added]

49 _In re Sutherland_ was applied subsequently by Richards J in the context of
schemes of arrangement in _In re T & N_ where he held that potential asbestos
claimants who have been exposed to asbestos by the company but presently
suffered no disease and therefore have no claim in tort against the company
were nevertheless creditors (within s 425 of the 1985 UK Act) to whom the
company owed contingent liabilities (at [60] and [66]):

60 If the principles established by _In re Sutherland, decd_ [1963] AC 235 …
are applied to this case, it is right in my judgment to conclude that T & N is
subject to contingent liabilities to pay damages to those who have already
been carelessly exposed to asbestos by the actions of T & N and who later
suffer compensatable loss, resulting in claims for damages in negligence
against T & N. The creditors in respect of those contingent liabilities are
the persons who have been carelessly exposed to asbestos and who will have
claims in negligence if they suffer loss as a result. Reverting to Lord Reid's
speech, the contingent liability to pay damages is a liability which, by
reason of something done by the person (i e the use or distribution by T & N
of asbestos or asbestos products) will necessarily arise or come into being if
one or more certain events occur (i e the onset of asbestos-related conditions
in persons previously exposed to asbestos by T & N). _Lord Guest referred
specifically to the contingent debtor being "automatically involved by the
operation of law in the payment" of the debt once the contingency occurred_.
That precisely describes the situation here. The careless exposure of persons
to asbestos by T & N will automatically by the operation of the law of
negligence lead to the liability to pay damages, assuming the existence of the
other necessary elements of a claim in negligence.

…

66 _I conclude therefore that T & N is subject to contingent liabilities in
respect of future asbestos claims_, as defined in the administrators'
application and that _the future asbestos claimants_ , being those persons who
have been exposed to asbestos and who will have claims in negligence against T
& N if they develop asbestos-related diseases, _are "creditors" of T & N for
the purposes of section 425 of the Companies Act 1985_ and Part I of the
Insolvency Act 1986 dealing with CVAs.

[emphasis added]

50 The definition of contingent liability or contingent creditor, however,
cannot be stretched too far. Richards J himself was well aware of this danger
when he said in _In re T & N_ at [67]:

In reaching this conclusion, I emphasise that I do so on the basis of the
facts relevant to asbestos claims, principally that _the relevant acts or
omissions of T & N are complete_, the potential claimants have been exposed to
asbestos and the existence of a claim in tort depends solely on whether a
relevant asbestos condition develops. _I have not considered circumstances
where all the relevant events excluding damage have not occurred, as, for
example, where a company has negligently made a product but the putative
claimant has not acquired it or used it_. By way of extreme example, if aero-
engines are negligently manufactured and are in use but have not (yet) caused
an air crash, it could hardly be supposed that there exists a contingent
liability to the victims of a possible future crash: for facts of this sort,
see _In re R-R Realisations Ltd_ [1980] 1 WLR 805 . [emphasis added]

51 Based on the definition put forward by Lord Reid in _In re Sutherland_ ,
Pacrim would appear to be a contingent creditor or a person to whom MSL owed a
contingent liability. To use the language of Lord Reid, “something done” here
would be MSL’s refusal to register the transfers of the shares in question and
the contingency or “event” would be Pacrim succeeding in its claim on appeal.
The facts of the instant case were certainly far removed from those in the
extreme example given by Richards J (quoted in the preceding paragraph), and
the “relevant acts or omissions” forming the necessary ingredients for a
contingent claim were certainly present and complete. It would be different
if, for instance, MSL merely had the _intention_ to refuse the registration of
any transfer put forward by Pacrim but the latter has yet to submit any such
transfer; Pacrim could hardly claim then to have a contingent claim for
possible (future) wrongful refusal.

52 It should be mentioned that Ms Chong has raised the argument which
suggested that the “something done” must be established to be wrongful at the
outset (see [38] above). She pointed out that in _In re T & N_, Richards J had
clearly taken into account the company’s admission that it had negligently
exposed the potential claimants to asbestos. On the other hand, MSL had never
admitted that its refusal to register the transfers of the shares was wrongful
and it was only established on appeal that it was. Ms Chong’s argument would,
in my opinion, be splitting hairs. Regardless whether a company concedes at
the start of proceedings or is found by the court subsequently that what it
did was wrongful, it does not detract from the fact that the “something done”
formed the basis for a claim. In any event, I did not think that such a
requirement could be gleaned anywhere from Lord Reid’s definition (which is
clear). One may ask if the “something done” must necessarily be “wrongful” to
begin with (consider the case of a share option holder who has been recognised
to be a contingent creditor of the company (see _In re Compania de
Electricidad de La Provincia de Buenos Aires Ltd_ [1980] 1 Ch 146, _Re Gwalia
Consolidated Ltd_ (1998) 27 ACSR 674 and _Re Challenger Group Holdings Ltd_
(2003) 48 ACSR 498)). The key as pointed out by Lord Guest in _In re
Sutherland_ (see [48] above) (and followed by Richards J in _In re T & N_ at
(see [49] above)) is that the liability should arise automatically by
operation of the law once the contingency or event occurs. This can certainly
be said for the case at hand – MSL’s liability arose by operation of law once
the High Court’s decision was reversed on appeal. Miss Chong’s argument would
also suggest that the case in _In re T & N_ would be a stronger one than the
present. I would, however, disagree. In _In re T & N_, the potential asbestos
claimants with contingent asbestos claims were held to be creditors,
notwithstanding that they had yet to suffer any asbestos-related disease (and
no one knew when this would ever occur); in other words, there was (at
present) no damage or loss. However, in the present case, Pacrim had been
deprived of its shares that were pledged to it as security.

53 For the reasons above, Pacrim was, in my view, a contingent creditor
falling within the broad definition of “creditor” under s 210 at the material
time. However, notwithstanding whether Pacrim was or not a contingent creditor
at the material time, I was of the further opinion that Pacrim would, in any
case, still fall within the definition of “creditor” in s 210. As seen, the
definition in s 210 is wide and inclusive. Pacrim, having a statutory right of
appeal which _has been exercised_ and which could potentially lead to a
judgment against MSL, must necessarily be a person with a pecuniary claim
capable of some estimate. Such a claim, as we have established, need not be
legally due or immediately enforceable like a provable claim in winding up
(see [28]–[29] above).

54 The purpose of s 210 as demonstrated is to provide a mechanism to obviate
the need for a company to conduct messy and complicated series of negotiations
with its creditors to win their (unanimous) approval to a variation or
compromise of their rights (see [22] above). We have also seen that the aim of
having schemes involving creditors in the first place is to avoid the fate of
liquidation and to facilitate the financial rehabilitation of the company (see
[23] above). Much uncertainty would be generated if a person who is
maintaining a claim against the company in court (at whatever stage of
proceedings including appeal) can be deemed to be a creditor at one moment and
not at the other. For instance, consider the situation where a plaintiff’s
claim against a company has been struck out by the court (say for breach of an
unless order to comply with certain timelines) and an application has since
been made by the plaintiff to set aside the judgment entered in default. Is
the plaintiff a creditor for purposes of s 210? Does the plaintiff cease being
a creditor as a result of a valid and binding judgment entered against him?
There are simply many other possible permutations that one can think of, given
the different stages of litigation and the many different applications it can
entail. To hold a person to be a creditor at one stage of proceedings and not
at the other would only generate uncertainty and would not serve the
objectives of s 210. In _Oriental_ , Rajah JA stressed the importance of
giving “due consideration to the overarching need for clarity, certainty and
finality” in this area of the law (at [66]). It seems to me that to ensure
certainty and to promote the aims of s 210, a person who has a claim in court
that has not been finally disposed of should be treated as a “creditor” under
s 210 of the Act.

55 Mr Maniam has forcefully (and persuasively) argued that to hold that Pacrim
was not a creditor at the material time and was thus not bound by the Scheme
would be highly unfair and prejudicial to the other creditors who had approved
the Scheme as well as the present shareholders of the company. However, it
should also not be forgotten that Pacrim was the “victim” in this whole
episode and MSL’s refusal to register the transfer of the shares has been
found to be wrongful on appeal. It was thus not without some sympathy for
Pacrim that I found in favour of MSL on the preliminary issue. That said,
Pacrim _did_ recover the shares it was entitled to, albeit their numbers and
value had fallen as a result of rather unfortunate (financial) circumstances
(that could be said to be beyond anyone’s control). In so far as the
preliminary issue turned on the construction of “creditor” in s 210 (as
accepted by both parties), I was of the view that the outcome must be that
Pacrim was for all intents and purposes a “creditor” under s 210 and was
therefore bound by the Scheme.

56 My conclusion made it unnecessary for me to consider Mr Maniam’s suggestion
that a person, though not a creditor within the definition of “creditor” in s
210, may nevertheless fall within the definition of a scheme creditor under a
scheme and be consequently bound by the scheme (see [16] above). I will,
however, express in brief some observations here on this question since it was
raised and submissions were made.

57 As I have mentioned, Mr Maniam submitted that since an approved scheme
takes effect as an order of court, the terms of the scheme should be all that
matters. Reliance was placed on _Bond Corporation_. The following passage from
_Bond Corporation_ (at 476) would appear to support Mr Maniam’s contention:

At first instance, at least, I think it must now be accepted that, whatever
might be the true ambit of the term “creditors” in s 411(4) of the
Corporations Law, _once a scheme has been approved by order of the court it is
the definition in the scheme that is the relevant definition, and persons who
are creditors within the scheme definition are creditors for the purposes of
the scheme and are bound by the scheme_. This is because the scheme is, or has
the effect of, an order of the court. Being an order of a superior court of
unlimited jurisdiction, it is binding until set aside by some appropriate
procedure … [emphasis added]

58 The Court of Appeal in _Oriental_ endorsed the Australian approach that a
scheme of arrangement derives its efficacy from the order of court approving
the scheme and in fact operates as an order of court (see generally
[58]–[69]). However, I do not think that it flows from this that the
definition of scheme creditors in the scheme can supersede or override the
definition of creditors in s 210. It is a trite principle that third parties
to a scheme (such as non-creditors) are not bound by an approved scheme. The
following passage from _Australian Corporation Law_ (in vol 2 at para
5.1.0075) is instructive:

Section 411 deals with a proposal between the company and its creditors or any
class of them or its members or any class of them. _It does not deal with
arrangements purporting to bind third parties_. Nevertheless it is clear that
an arrangement between the company and its creditors or members is not outside
the scope of the section merely because it is part of a wider scheme involving
outsiders or an outsider is a necessary party to its implementation. _The
applicant will have to provide and independent contractual basis to bind an
outsider to the scheme and not rely on the order of the court under s 411(4)_.
[emphasis added]

Ms Chong has also helpfully referred to a number of authorities that show that
the court has no power to render a scheme binding upon a person who is not a
creditor under the legislative provisions[note: 20]. I do not think that the
court can sanction a scheme under s 210, which is the _enabling_ provision for
schemes, where the scheme proposes to bind persons that are not creditors
falling within s 210 in the first place. To do so would clearly exceed what s
210 permits.

59 Mr Maniam must have been aware of this hurdle and thus he did not (and
rightly so) press the point too far.

Conclusion

60 For all the reasons above, I found that Pacrim was a creditor under s 210
of the Act at the relevant time and was accordingly bound by the Scheme, with
the consequence that its claim for damages is now extinguished. I therefore
determined the preliminary issue in MSL’s favour. Parties agreed that the
scale of costs for summary judgment applications would be a good gauge for
costs in the present application. They also agreed that costs should be fixed
at the higher end of the scale in view of the fact that substantial
submissions on the law have been made. I therefore fixed the costs to MSL at
$12,000.

* * *

[note: 1]Affidavit of Timothy James Reid, the Judicial Manager of MSL, dated
22 February 2010 (“Timothy’s Affidavit”) at p 36.

[note: 2]Timothy’s Affidavit at p 35.

[note: 3]Timothy’s Affidavit at p 35.

[note: 4]See Timothy’s Affidavit at para 56 and pp 38–42.

[note: 5]Affidavit of Low Ee Chin, Pacrim’s Chief Executive Officer, dated 22
February 2010 (“Low’s Affidavit”) at para 26.

[note: 6]Pacrim’s written submissions at para 1.4.

[note: 7]Pacrim’s written submissions at para 1.5.

[note: 8]Pacrim’s written submissions at para 3.3.

[note: 9]See MSL’s written submissions at para 10 and MSL’s supplemental
written submissions at para 3.

[note: 10]Pacrim’s written submissions at para 1.1(d).

[note: 11]Pacrim’s written submissions at para 3.25.

[note: 12]MSL’s written submissions at paras 37–38.

[note: 13]MSL’s written submissions at para 69.

[note: 14]MSL’s further written submissions at para 17.

[note: 15]See also MSL’s written submissions at paras 24 and 42.

[note: 16]MSL’s written submissions at para 112.

[note: 17]MSL’s supplemental written submissions at para 34.

[note: 18]Pacrim’s written submissions at para 3.44.

[note: 19]Pacrim’s written submissions at para 3.35.

[note: 20]See Pacrim’s further written submissions at paras 2.11–2.23.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 03 May 2010 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

