Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Boonchai Sompolpong _v_ Low Tuck Kwong  
[2010] SGHC 266

Case Number| :| Suit No 499 of 2009  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 06 September 2010  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Philip Pillai J  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Mr Sankaran Karthikeyan and Mr George John (Toh Tan LLP)
for the plaintiff; Mr Siraj Omar (Premier Law LLC) for the defendant.  
Parties| :|  Boonchai Sompolpong — Low Tuck Kwong  
  
6 September 2010| Judgment reserved.  
---|---  
  
Philip Pillai J:

1 The plaintiff, an architect practising in Singapore under the name and style
of TAG Architects, following an introduction by a mutual friend Mr Yap Han Hoe
(“Yap”), agreed to provide the defendant, a Malaysian client, with
professional architectural services in two sequentially separate projects,
_viz_ , first a residential house in Perth, Australia (the “Joondalup
Project”); and subsequently a second condominium complex in Balikpapan,
Indonesia (the “Balikpapan Project”). Both projects did not proceed to
construction.

2 It is not disputed that there were oral and written agreements between the
plaintiff and the defendant relating to the appointment of the plaintiff to
provide professional architectural services for both projects, and that the
plaintiff did provide the defendant with various designs for each
project.[note: 1] The dispute is instead over the precise terms of the
agreement, relating to the agreed payment terms, whether the plaintiff’s
designs had been accepted by the defendant and if so, how the Singapore
Institute of Architect’s Conditions of Appointment and Architect’s Services
And Mode of Payment Terms (the “SIA Terms”) would operate with respect to
payments claimed by the plaintiff.

Facts

3 For clarity, I will set out the facts surrounding the Joondalup and
Balikpapan Projects separately.

Joondalup Project

4 The plaintiff, anxious to receive professional assignments for his Singapore
practice, was introduced by Yap to the defendant, a Malaysian businessman
engaged in building projects in Southeast Asia and Australia. Through
correspondence with Yap via a letter dated 4 March 2003, the plaintiff offered
his professional services to the defendant for the Joondalup Project, as
follows:

I am to come up with a proposal and if this is not accepted by him, a lump sum
fee will be paid for work done. My scope of services is to complete the design
work and liaise with his local architects to do submission to building
authorities in Perth.

Normally, I need to see the site and discuss terms and conditions of my
professional service before embarking on design work. Since we know each other
for sometime and with your assurance that [the defendant] is your old school
friend and that he is a fair and reasonable man with good credit, I will leave
the matter of fees for the time being.

However when my initial design is accepted, a progress payment will be billed
and thereafter as the project progresses. The terms and conditions of
engagement will be based on the standard set be [_sic_] the Singapore
Institute of Architects.

Please convey the matter mentioned in this letter to [the defendant].

5 The plaintiff met the defendant on 15 March 2003 and thereafter proceeded
with the brief for a project budgeted at A$10 million on a land area of 1.75
acres to build a 5-6 bedroom house with a 40,000 sq ft built in floor area.

6 There is, however, some dispute over whether the lump sum fee should his
design not be accepted was specified as S$50,000.[note: 2] It suffices here to
note that in the letter dated 4 March 2003, there was no specification of the
lump sum payable upon non-acceptance of the designs.

7 On 30 May 2003, the plaintiff issued the first invoice under the Joondalup
Project for S$30,000, labelling the payment as “Progress Payment #1”.[note: 3]
The defendant subsequently paid the plaintiff S$20,000, in two separate
payments of S$10,000 each.[note: 4] No conditions were stated or attached to
these payments.

8 On 31 December 2003, the plaintiff issued a receipt for the S$20,000
received under the first progress payment, characterising the received monies
as “Progress Payment #1 billed as payment for work done”.[note: 5] The
plaintiff also issued a further invoice for the cumulative sum of S$60,000,
reflecting the previous payment of S$20,000, and stating the balance sum
payable as S$40,000.[note: 6] The defendant subsequently paid, on 12 July
2004, a further sum of S$30,000 to the plaintiff. Again, no conditions were
stated or attached to these payments. In all, therefore, the defendant made
three payments (S$10,000, S$10,000 and S$30,000), amounting to a total payment
S$50,000 (for convenience, hereinafter referred to as the “S$50,000 payment”).

9 On 10 March 2004, the defendant’s representative one Mr Loo Woei Harng
(“Loo”) wrote to the plaintiff in respect of the plaintiff’s “Design Scheme
#5”, stating that “the basic design and form are acceptable” and requesting
the elimination of high retaining walls and conformity to the ground
profile.[note: 7] On 20 June 2004, Yap informed the plaintiff through email
that the defendant was likely to let the plaintiff and the plaintiff’s
appointed consultant engineer, one Mr Harry Lewis (“Lewis”), see through the
Joondalup Project. Yap requested the plaintiff to have a “details discussion”
with Lewis to see how they could derive “precise plans and costs”.[note: 8] On
1 July 2004, Yap further informed the plaintiff that the defendant was open to
both the plaintiff and Lewis providing “total and comprehensive services” for
the project.[note: 9] The plaintiff undertook further work including the
preparation of cost budgets for the defendant.

10 On 16 October 2004, the plaintiff, at the defendant’s invitation, attended
the 10th Anniversary celebration of the Joondalup Country Club (the “Joondalup
Meeting”). The defendant offered a lump sum fee of A$1 million to the
plaintiff to complete the Joondalup Project. The plaintiff documented the
Joondalup Meeting in a letter dated 22 October 2004, but later opted against
the proposed A$1 million fee. On 1 December 2004, the plaintiff wrote to the
defendant referring to the Joondalup Meeting, and gave a breakdown of the
revised budget for the Joondalup Project.[note: 10] The defendant did not
reply to this letter. On 27 January 2005, the plaintiff wrote to Yap,
proposing to fix the fees for the Joondalup Project at a lump sum fee of
S$150,000.[note: 11] The defendant did not respond to this letter. The
plaintiff repeated this request on 15 September 2005.[note: 12] In this
letter, the figures were tabulated to reflect that the S$50,000 paid by the
defendant thus far was used as part of a “previous payment” for “design
work”.[note: 13] Again, the defendant did not respond to the letter.[note: 14]

11 On 28 July 2006, the plaintiff, by an AR Registered letter, informed the
defendant _inter alia_ that “[i]t had [_sic_] been over 18 months that my
commission to design the above project had been completed satisfactorily with
Scheme #9 dated 19 November 2004”.[note: 15] There was no response to the
letter.

12 In all, between April 2003 and November 2004, a total of nine schemes were
provided by the plaintiff with regard to the Joondalup Project. As the
plaintiff stated in his Affidavit of Evidence-in-Chief (“AEIC”), he often had
to make substantial changes between designs to accommodate the feedback given
and requests made by the defendant.[note: 16] By way of summary, the schemes
were produced on the following dates:

(a)

Joondalup Scheme No. 1: 21 April 2003

(b)

Joondalup Scheme No. 2: 30 May 2003

(c)

Joondalup Scheme No. 3: 4 September 2003

(d)

Joondalup Scheme No. 4: 31 October 2003

(e)

Joondalup Scheme No. 5: 28 February 2004

(f)

Joondalup Scheme No. 6: 5 May 2004

(g)

Joondalup Scheme No. 7: 10 July 2004

(h)

Joondalup Scheme No. 8: 8 October 2004

(i)

Joondalup Scheme No. 9: 19 November 2004

13 In the course of developing these designs and producing a cost budget, the
plaintiff made several visits to Perth, the costs of which were reimbursed by
the defendant. The plaintiff undertook work up to readiness for planning
submission and also undertook pre-tender qualification work. When the
defendant proposed to extend the scope of the plaintiff’s brief to now include
the completion of the project, the plaintiff considered relocating his family
to Perth but later demurred. The plaintiff produced various lump sum fee
proposals for this enlarged assignment, to which there was no response.

Balikpapan Project

14 By letter dated 1 June 2003, by the plaintiff to Yap, the plaintiff
recounted their meeting with the defendant on 30 May 2003 and set out his
second terms of engagement as being:

... to design the condominium and liaise with [the defendant’s] local
architects to do submission to building authorities in Balikpapan.

…

I also appreciate your comment that [the defendant] is looking for a good
design for the project which is to house his professional staff as well as for
sales to the public. And if I can deliver the design he wants, professional
fee is not a problem.

In any case, the terms and conditions of engagement will be based on the
standard set be [_sic_] the Singapore Institute of Architects.[note: 17]

15 The plaintiff commenced work and produced architectural design plans for
the 5-storey condominium, incorporating further changes requested by the
defendant, right up to Scheme No. 4, and provided computer diskettes of this
scheme for presentation to the mayor for feedback. Scheme No. 6 was finally
submitted to the local authorities for approval. The approval was received on
15 March 2005.

16 On 6 February 2004, the defendant’s representative, one Mr Lim Chai Hock
(“Lim”), wrote an email to Loo, stating that after submission of the
Balikpapan designs for planning approval, “a principle approval will be
granted” and that the Balikpapan Project will “proceed with the EIA and
structural design”.[note: 18] On 12 February 2004, the plaintiff was
instructed by Loo to “proceed with the appointment of a local architect in
Balikpapan and set-up a company there, if necessary, so as to make the
submissions to the local authorities”.[note: 19] On 26 July 2004, Loo sent an
email to inform the plaintiff that he was “[s]till chasing planning authority
in Balikpapan”.[note: 20] On 28 July 2006, the plaintiff, by an AR Registered
letter, informed the defendant that he had “completed the design Scheme #6
dated 8 October 2004 which had also received Planning and Building Plan
Approvals”.[note: 21]

17 On 7 August 2007, the plaintiff’s Indonesian architect, one Mr Benny
Dhanio, informed the plaintiff that the Balikpapan Project building plans were
approved by the Indonesian authorities, and that the construction cost of the
Balikpapan Project would be US$20 million (S$30 million).[note: 22]

18 In all, a total of six schemes were provided by the plaintiff with regard
to the Balikpapan Project. These schemes were produced on the following dates:

(a)

Balikpapan Scheme No. 1: 27 June 2003

(b)

Balikpapan Scheme No. 2: 2 July 2003

(c)

Balikpapan Scheme No. 3: 10 October 2003

(d)

Balikpapan Scheme No. 4: 1 December 2003

(e)

Balikpapan Scheme No. 5: 10 March 2004

(f)

Balikpapan Scheme No. 6: 8 October 2004

Final correspondence leading to the dispute

19 On 11 September 2007, the plaintiff sent two AR Registered letters to the
defendant, addressing the Joondalup and Balikpapan Projects
respectively.[note: 23] With regard to the Joondalup Project, the plaintiff
informed the defendant that the Project design was “completed and ready for
planning submission”, and that “pre-tender qualification work [had been]
done”.[note: 24] With regard to the Balikpapan Project, the plaintiff informed
the defendant that the Project “had been given both the planning and building
plan approvals by the Indonesian authority. The fee will be based on the
tendered construction cost of US$ 20 Million”.[note: 25] In both letters, the
plaintiff also reminded the defendant that unless the defendant was willing to
meet within 21 days to agree on the final amount of the plaintiff’s fees, the
plaintiff would proceed to have his invoicing based on the SIA Terms.[note:
26]

20 The defendant’s secretary contacted the plaintiff on 17 September 2007,
requesting the plaintiff to provide details of his proposed fee based on a
percentage basis. The plaintiff responded via two letters dated 21 September
2007, each rendering details of the scope of work and amount to be billed for
the Joondalup and Balikpapan Projects respectively.[note: 27] The fees were
computed as percentage fees pursuant to the SIA Terms, and were stated to be
the sums of S$432,240 (Joondalup) and S$546,750 (Balikpapan).

21 On 25 September 2007, Yap informed the plaintiff via fax that “[the
defendant] did express to you that he was willing to pay you S$50,000 for his
two projects in Australia and Balikpapan”. On 28 September 2007, the defendant
responded to the plaintiff’s proposed fee structure alleging that both the
Joondalup and Balikpapan designs were not accepted and that the previous
payments aggregating S$50,000 were payments for the rejected designs.[note:
28]

22 Following from the defendant’s refusal to pay the sums of S$432,240
(Joondalup) and S$546,750 (Balikpapan), the plaintiff instituted proceedings
in this court to claim the abovementioned sums. However, with regard to the
Joondalup Project fees, the plaintiff amended his Statement of Claim on 19
November 2009 to reflect a reduced claim of S$415,472.[note: 29] The plaintiff
made the S$16,768 deduction because he erroneously assumed that the Joondalup
Project’s professional engineer fees, which were reduced by S$16,768, were not
charged separately to the defendant.[note: 30] In any case, the plaintiff has
opted to stand by the amended claim of S$415,472 under the Joondalup Project.

The plaintiff’s claims

23 The plaintiff argues that he is entitled to payment pursuant to the SIA
Terms on either of two grounds:

(a)

That there was a contractual agreement between the parties pursuant to which
the plaintiff is entitled to be paid in accordance with the SIA Terms (the
“contractual claim”); or

(b)

In the alternative, should the court find that there is a contract but no
clear contractual provision dealing with payment, that the plaintiff is
entitled to be paid pursuant to the SIA Terms on a quantum meruit basis (the
“quantum meruit claim”).

24 With regard to the quantum of payment, the plaintiff claims

(a)

the sum of S$415,472 under Invoice No. INV/6101/03 dated 1 October 2007 in
respect of the Joondalup Project;

(b)

the sum of S$546,750 under Invoice No. INV/6201/01 dated 1 October 2007 in
respect of the Balikpapan Project;

(c)

interest payments on the sum of S$962,222 (aggregate of S$415,472 and
S$546,750) at the rate of 3% above the prevailing prime rate, commencing 14
days after rendering of the plaintiff’s invoices dated 1 October 2007; and

(d)

interest payments on the sum of S$10,000 in respect of the plaintiff’s invoice
dated 30 May 2003, for the period dated 15 June 2003 to 1 October 2007.

25 There is no need to address the _quantum meruit_ claim in this judgment
(see [65]  _infra_). I will deal with the contractual claim only.

Issues

26 The issues which arise for determination are:

(a)

Whether pursuant to the contracts of engagement, the defendant had accepted
the plaintiff’s designs for the Joondalup and Balikpapan Projects;

(b)

Whether, and how, the SIA Terms operate with regard to the Joondalup and
Balikpapan Projects; and

(c)

Whether the plaintiff is entitled to the interest sums as claimed.

27 I will address the issues _in seriatim_.

Whether the defendant accepted the plaintiff’s designs

28 The key issue on both parties’ pleaded cases is whether the defendant had
accepted the plaintiff’s designs.[note: 31] It is mutually agreed by both
parties in their pleadings[note: 32] that the implication of the defendant’s
acceptance of the plaintiff’s designs is, that had there been an acceptance of
the design, the defendant would be obliged to pay the plaintiff professional
fees for the work done as provided in the SIA Terms.[note: 33] The
determination of whether there was acceptance of the designs is a question of
fact.

29 The defendant admits that he is experienced and has retained architects to
work for him. On these occasions he states that he has signed formal contracts
which would set out the scope of works as well as the fees involved. He avers
that he had paid the plaintiff S$50,000 and reimbursed all his travel expenses
and that he had not accepted the designs for both projects. While it is
standard industry practice for an architect to request and receive an express
written acceptance of design, the absence of a letter of acceptance of design
is not fatal provided evidence exists of the fact of such acceptance.

30 I now proceed to consider the evidence relating to the characterisation of
the S$50,000 payment and the defendant’s conduct during the correspondence
with the plaintiff.

Characterisation of the S$50,000 payment

31 The plaintiff’s characterisation of the defendant’s three payments
amounting to S$50,000 is that these were made pursuant to invoices issued
under the Joondalup Project, as a form of “progress payment”. The defendant
characterised the S$50,000 payment as a rejection fee paid upon non-acceptance
of the plaintiff’s design. On the evidence before me, I accept the plaintiff’s
characterisation for the following reasons.

32 The plaintiff continuously referred to the S$50,000 payment as “progress
payment” in all the invoices.[note: 34] The defendant’s characterisation that
he was only obliged to pay a lump sum fee if he did not accept the design does
not square with his receipt of the invoices and instalment payments thereon.
As a businessman having experience with building projects and architects, if
such had been his understanding, the usage of the expression “progress
payment” should have evoked a contemporaneous response or clarification from
him at any time he made instalment payments.

33 Next, although the parties agreed that a “lump sum” would be paid upon non-
acceptance of the design, in none of the correspondence was the sum specified
to be S$50,000.[note: 35] In fact, the defendant’s first and only
characterisation of the S$50,000 as a lump sum rejection fee arose on 28
September 2007, more than three years after the final instalment of the
S$50,000 was paid on 12 July 2004. If the S$50,000 payment was indeed paid as
a lump sum rejection fee, the defendant would surely have explicitly stated so
at an earlier date, especially keeping in view that the defendant must have
been aware that the plaintiff was conducting himself (_eg_ travelling to
Perth) in a manner that reflected the plaintiff’s belief that his design had
been accepted. Furthermore, the defendant was evasive when questioned about
the S$50,000 payment. The defendant stated, in his Affidavit of Evidence-In-
Chief, that the terms of the agreement were evidenced in the letters dated 4
March 2003 and 1 June 2003.[note: 36] He could not explain why the letters
made no reference to a lump sum rejection fee of S$50,000, saying that “it may
be a mistake”. He also could not satisfactorily explain why he did not make
any changes to his AEIC to reflect the mistake. He first contended that he did
not know he was going to court, but when questioned on why he did not make the
necessary corrections _after_ he knew he was going to court, he suggested that
it was due to his limited grasp of the English language.[note: 37]

34 Finally, the defendant at no time provided any explanation as to why the
alleged lump sum rejection fee of S$50,000 was paid in three separate
instalments spread over a 12 month period.[note: 38] If the S$50,000 payment
was indeed paid as a lump sum rejection fee, it is unlikely that the defendant
would have paid out by instalments without noting that such instalment payment
signified non-acceptance or pending a decision as to acceptance.

Defendant’s conduct during the course of correspondence with the plaintiff

35 Beyond characterisation of the S$50,000 payment, I find that the
defendant’s conduct during the course of correspondence with the plaintiff
suggests that the defendant had in fact accepted the plaintiff’s designs for
the reasons which follow.

36 The defendant and/or his representatives indicated on several occasions
that the Joondalup design was accepted, in at least four written
communications:

(a)

Lim’s email on 6 February 2004 indicating that approval of the designs will be
granted “in principle” after submission of the designs for planning approval;

(b)

Loo’s letter dated 10 March 2004 stating that the “basic design and form [of
Plaintiff’s Design Scheme No. 5] was acceptable”. This is express acceptance
of the design and is further substantiated by a perusal of the details of
Design Schemes No. 1–9. Starting with Design Scheme No. 5, there was a clear
departure from previous overall conventional designs into a modern design with
insubstantial refinements requested by the defendant thereafter;[note: 39]

(c)

The emails dated 20 June 2004 and 1 July 2004 indicating that the defendant
was likely to let the plaintiff and Lewis see through the project; and

(d)

The Joondalup Meeting on 16 October 2004 and the subsequent letter dated 22
October 2004 detailing the Joondalup Meeting.

37 It is also likely that the Balikpapan design was accepted, because:

(a)

On 12 February 2004, Loo instructed the plaintiff to proceed with appointing a
local architect and to set up a company to make planning submissions to the
local authorities;[note: 40] and

(b)

The defendant allowed the Balikpapan design to be sent for planning approval
and to be readied for planning submission. The memorandum dated 12 February
2004 reflected the defendant’s intention for the plaintiff to “[appoint] a
local architect in Balikpapan” and to “set-up a company [in Balikpapan], if
necessary, so as to make the submissions to the local authorities”.[note: 41]
It is unlikely for the defendant to have allowed the designs to be sent for
planning approval if he had not in fact accepted the design.

38 Finally, on at least five instances during cross-examination, the defendant
did not unequivocally state that he had rejected the plaintiff’s Joondalup and
Balikpapan designs.

(a)In the first instance, the defendant explicitly stated that he “accept[ed]
the [Joondalup] concept design”, and that “[he] maybe like[d] the
design”:[note: 42]

Q:\---not proceeding with the contract and not accepting the design are two
different things, I put it to you. Do you agree or you disagree?

A:Anyhow it’s no contract I consider---

Q:Mr Low.

A:Yes.

Q:Answer “yes” or “no”, then you go and give your explanation.

A:Yes.

Q:You agree “yes”, they are two different things?

A:Yes. Although I accept the concept design---

Q:Mr Low.

A:Yes.

Q:They are two different things?

A:Yes.

Q:So don’t you agree then your defence and what you are stating in your AEIC,
they are at odds, they are different?

A:For me---you consider different. But for me, the project is not go ahead,
it’s still the same, you see. I maybe like the design but due to other
conditions, maybe I cannot perform the go ahead for the project, not enter
into the contract; that means still the same, the project is not go ahead.

(b)In the second instance, with regard to the Joondalup designs, the defendant
said that he “accept[ed]” the design but not the other “condition[s]”,
insisting that acceptance of the design was not sufficient if “the contract
[was] not okay”.[note: 43] He later confusingly said that he could not be
“consider[ed to have] accept[ed]”, and went on to assert that he did not
accept any of the designs:[note: 44]

Q:Did you accept the design?

A:I accept that but I don’t accept what kind of condition.

Q:No, no, no. Did you ever accept the design?

A:You mean which one? The Joondalup, myself is quite happy but is not
considered accept, or not accept but im---now important is go until the
contract. If the contract---

Q:No, no, no.

A:Design okay, the contract not okay, still no use.

Q:Oh that’s now your case?

A:Yes. Of course if the design is good, the contract condition---

Q:My question, Mr Low---

A:Yes.

Q:\---did you at any point in time accept the design?

A:The design---I maybe can consider---can good.

Q:No, no, no, not---maybe can---

A:I’m not say consider accept.

Q:Did you accept the design at any point in time?

A:Finally I can say that not accept.

Q:Finally you never accepted?

A:Yes.

Q:What do you mean by finally you nev---

A:Because of the---because other condition is not---not enter into the
contract yet and also I think that the cost is too high.

(c)In the third instance, the defendant seemed to suggest that he had accepted
the Joondalup design:[note: 45]

Q:\---that you accepted Scheme 5. I put it to you that you accepted the basic
design and form of Scheme 5.

A:If you say basic design, yes.

(d)In the fourth instance, the Defendant explicitly stated that he never
rejected the Balikpapan design:[note: 46]

Q:So we’ll move on. So we were just talking about the Joondalup, it was not a
rejection fee. So would you also agree that for Balikpapan, you also never
rejected any scheme?

A:The design-wise, yes, starting, yes, I didn’t decide---I---I not say not---
accept it or not accept it but what I know is the 50,000.

Q:You never rejected the Balikpapan design---

A:Yes.

(e)In the fifth instance, the defendant said that he had “not yet accept[ed]
or reject[ed]” the design:[note: 47]

Q:Now, as at July 2004, had you accepted the projects or were there still work
being done? Sorry, accepted the designs or were there still work being done.

A:He---I do not know the design whether finally or not. But I also not yet
accept or reject. I thought this is why he need the money, submit in, I pay
for him.

Q:Right. So if as you now say---

A:yah.

Q:\---you had not accepted or rejected---

A:Mm.

Q:\---why did you pay Mr Boonchai a total of $50,000?

A:Because what---in my mind itself, 50,000 either soon or later. He need the
money, I will pay up to 50,000.

39 As is evident from the transcripts of cross-examination reproduced above,
the defendant provided inconsistent answers to the question of whether or not
he had accepted the plaintiff’s designs. The defendant on some occasions
stated that he had accepted the designs, on other occasions said that he had
“not yet” accepted the designs, and on further occasions said that he had
accepted the designs but did not proceed with the project for reasons _other_
than the non-acceptance of the designs (for instance, that the “cost [was] too
high”).[note: 48] The defendant’s constant shifting in position with regard to
the crucial question of whether the designs were accepted weighs strongly in
my finding that the designs were accepted.

The defendant’s arguments

40 The defendant raised three arguments to support his defence that he did not
accept any of the designs.

41 He contended that the plaintiff’s failure to point to a firm date of
acceptance suggests that there was in fact no acceptance of his designs.
However, I do not find this a compelling factor. Loo’s letter of 4 March 2004
would be sufficient evidence of an expressed acceptance of the Joondalup
Project design and the 12 February 2004 communication by Loo instructed the
plaintiff to proceed with appointing a local architect and to set up a company
to make planning submissions to the local authorities; this would be
sufficient evidence of an express acceptance of the Balikpapan Project design.

42 With regard to the Joondalup Project, the defendant pointed out that the
plaintiff was “materially inconsistent”[note: 49] in his evidence because the
plaintiff provided at least three different dates of acceptance, namely (1) an
“in principle” acceptance of Scheme No. 1; (2) an acceptance of Scheme No. 3
“onwards”; and (3) “written acceptance” of Scheme No. 5.[note: 50] The
defendant suggested that such inconsistency evinced that there was no
acceptance of the designs. In my view, the fact that the plaintiff proffered
three possible dates of acceptance _vis-à-vis_ the Joondalup Project _does
not_ unequivocally demonstrate that there was _never_ , at some point in time,
any acceptance of the plaintiff’s designs, especially in view of the weight of
evidence pointing towards the defendant’s acceptance of the designs. Indeed it
suffices for the purposes of this action that I find that the defendant
accepted the design as of 4 March 2004.

43 With regard to the Balikpapan Project, the defendant contended that the
plaintiff’s failure to “issue any interim invoice in relation to the
Balikpapan Project” was indicative of non-acceptance of the designs.[note: 51]
Further, the defendant suggested that Scheme No. 4, which the plaintiff
allegedly submitted for approval from the Indonesian authorities, was _not_
accepted: according to the defendant, as the plaintiff had already started
working on Scheme No. 5 when Scheme No. 4 was submitted for approval, this
indicated that Scheme No. 4 had not been accepted. I do not place much weight
on these arguments. Both the failure to issue an interim invoice _vis-à-vis_
the Balikpapan Project as well as the fact that the plaintiff worked on Scheme
No. 5 whilst submitting Scheme No. 4 for planning approval are equivocal: they
provide little evidence that the designs were not accepted. They are
outweighed by the defendant’s instructions thereafter to the plaintiff to
submit the Balikpapan designs for approval from the authorities.

44 The defendant next argues that the plaintiff shifts his case from that
stated in the plaintiff’s pleadings.[note: 52] According to the defendant, the
plaintiff’s contention that the terms of the agreement were contained in two
documents (_ie_ , the letters dated 4 March 2003 and 1 June 2003) departs from
his Statement of Claim (Amendment No. 1), in which the plaintiff stated that
the terms of the agreement were contained in a series of thirteen documents
(Joondalup Project) and five documents (Balikpapan Project).[note: 53] The
alleged inconsistency is, however, more apparent than real: (1) it was the
defendant’s own contention, in his AEIC, that the terms of the agreement were
contained in the two abovementioned documents;[note: 54] and (2) no evidence
was adduced to demonstrate that the two documents were inconsistent with the
remaining documents. In other words, the plaintiff’s focus on the two
documents does not amount to any inconsistency with the plaintiff’s pleaded
case.

45 Finally, the defendant argues that the plaintiff’s making of substantial
changes to the designs indicates that the designs were not accepted.[note: 55]
However, while the making of further substantial changes could indicate non-
acceptance of the designs, this factor is far outweighed by my finding that as
from Joondalup Scheme No. 5 further changes were no longer substantive to the
design but were confined only to refinements.

Conclusion

46 On the totality of the evidence adduced, I find that the weight of evidence
is in the plaintiff’s favour. First, on the balance of probabilities, the
S$50,000 payment was not a rejection fee. The defendant appears to have
subsequently and unilaterally considered this to be reasonable payment in
light of the fact that both projects were not proceeding further to
construction. Second, the defendant’s representatives’ express communications
and his conduct indicate that the designs were accepted. Crucially, the
defendant failed to satisfactorily account for his failure to communicate his
non-acceptance, and did not attempt to otherwise explain his expanding the
Joondalup Project brief or for asking the plaintiff to submit the Balikpapan
Project design for planning approval. Third, the arguments relied upon by the
defendant to demonstrate that the designs were not accepted were largely
equivocal, and do not swing the balance of probabilities in his favour.

The operation of the SIA Terms

47 Having found that the defendant accepted the plaintiff’s designs, within
the meaning of the engagement letters, the operation of the SIA Terms is
brought into play as they have been incorporated into the terms of engagement
by express reference.

48 The defendant first contends that the plaintiff’s failure to institute
arbitration proceedings indicates the non-applicability of the SIA Terms. This
I find to have little merit. Whether or not the parties ought to have chosen
to resolve their dispute in arbitration is now moot in light of the step in
the proceedings evinced by this trial: see _Australian Timber Products Pte Ltd
v Koh Brothers Building and Civil Engineering Contractor (Pte) Ltd_ [2005] 1
SLR(R) 168. In any event, it is not determinative of the contractual question
whether or not the SIA Terms apply to these contracts.

49 I find that the SIA Terms do apply. It was the defendant’s own contention,
in his AEIC, that the terms of the agreement were contained in the two letters
dated 4 March 2003 and 1 June 2003.[note: 56] As both documents explicitly
incorporate the SIA Terms into the agreement, the defendant cannot now be
heard to say that the SIA Terms do not apply.

50 The defendant avers that if he accepted the plaintiff’s design, the
projects would move forward as governed by the SIA Terms with specific terms
to be agreed. It is open to the parties to agree on the fee arrangements
between them for each project. That these two projects were not Singapore
located projects they were at liberty to conclude any fee arrangement as might
be agreed between them. The plaintiff did propose an alternative lump sum fee
for the Joondalup Project on 27 January 2005 after the Asian tsunami hit
Phuket, where the plaintiff was based, and he urgently needed funds. However
the defendant did not respond to any of these proposals. In the absence of any
other agreement between the parties, the engagement letters provided for the
SIA Terms to operate.

51 The SIA Terms Part 2 Architect’s Services and Mode of Payment sets out in
Part 2.1 the Basic Services of the architect to consist of five stages:
schematic design, design development, tender documentation, contract
construction and final completion. Part 2.2 then sets out the mandatory mode
of payment for basic services in stages. The SIA Terms’ sample Memorandum of
Agreement between Client and Architect contemplates three alternative fee
bases, _viz_ , percentage, time charge or lump sum basis. SIA Terms (C)
Recommended Scale of Professional Charges provides a default basis of fee
calculation in the absence of other agreement between the architect and the
client, and it reads as follows:

1 |  Unless otherwise agreed upon in writing between the Architect and the Client, the Architect’s fees shall be according to the scale of fees herein for full Basic Services rendered based on a percentage of the total construction cost of the project according to the category hereinafter mentioned under which the building is classified …[note: 57]  
---|---  
…  
3.1 |  The Scale of fees may be varied by prior written agreement made between the Client and the Architect in respect of the following: -  
3.1(1) |  The following rates for charging on a time basis shall apply to services for which a percentage or other scale has not been stipulated in these Conditions. Depending on various relevant factors including but not limited to the complexity of the work an appropriate increase in the rates with the prior agreement of the Client shall be applied.  
3.1(2) |  Fees chargeable on the basis of time spent on services rendered and work done by Principal/Partners and technical staff shall be on the following basis: -  
|  (a) |  Hourly rates for principal/partners architects: S$350.00 per hour  
|  (b) |  Hourly rates for architectural and other technical staff:  
|  |  Gross monthly salary, including all statutory contributions but excluding bonuses and leave pay divided by 156 and multiplied by a factor of three (3) to cover the Architect’s overheads and profit.  
|  (c) |  Costs of other staff:  
|  |  Unless otherwise agreed the cost of staff other than the architect’s technical staff shall not be charged.  
  
  

The plaintiff’s abandoned claim for payment of consultant’s fees and
disbursements

52 The plaintiff’s pleaded claim is S$415,472 for the Joondalup Project and
S$546,750 for the Balikpapan Project.

53 The Joondalup Project professional fees were calculated using the formula
S$17.6 million (project cost) x 6.85% (fee percentage) x 40% (work stage
percentage) = S$482,240 (professional fees).[note: 58] The pleaded claim of
S$415,472 is derived after subtracting the S$50,000 payment and the
plaintiff’s further reduction of S$16,768 on 19 November 2009.

54 The Balikpapan Project professional fees were calculated using the formula
S$30 million (project cost) x 5.40% (fee percentage) x 33.75% (work stage
percentage) = S$546,750 (professional fees).[note: 59]

55 Both the plaintiff and his expert, one Mr Peter Oscar Von Selkey (“Von
Selkey”), have submitted that the SIA Terms entitle the plaintiff to charge
the defendant separately for consultant’s fees and disbursements. However, the
plaintiff has, in his Statement of Claim (Amendment No. 1), opted not to claim
consultant’s fees and disbursements for both projects. Accordingly, the issue
of whether the plaintiff may claim consultant’s fees and disbursements _does
not arise_ in determining the quantum of the claim under the contract.

The Plaintiff’s claim based on SIA Terms

56 Three sub-issues are raised with regard to the plaintiff’s claim under the
SIA Terms.

(a)

the use of a “percentage” basis in calculating his scale professional fees;

(b)

the determination of the “project cost” for each project; and

(c)

the “work stage percentage” used in his calculation of his professional fees.

The “percentage” basis of scale fee calculation

57 Although the defendant argues that the plaintiff failed to demonstrate how
he selected the percentage scale fee basis,[note: 60] I find that the
plaintiff’s use of the percentage scale fee basis is warranted pursuant to the
SIA Terms (C) (1), which provides the percentage basis as the default basis of
calculation in the absence of other agreement between the architect and the
client (see [51]  _supra_).

The “project cost” for each project

58 Having found that the plaintiff was warranted in adopting the percentage
scale fee basis for his fees, the next issue is whether the plaintiff could
use the estimated construction costs of S$17.6 million (Joondalup) and S$30
million (Balikpapan) as the bases for calculating his scale professional fees.

59 With regard to the Joondalup project, the plaintiff computed his fees based
on the estimated construction cost of S$17.6 million.[note: 61] The defendant
argues that the sum was incorrect, because the sum of S$17.6 million is
“significantly” less than the A$23,248,500 set out in the 30 September 2004
quotation.[note: 62] The defendant’s contention is based on a misunderstanding
of the 30 September 2004 quotation. As is evident from both the 30 September
2004 quotation and the letter to the defendant dated 1 December 2004,[note:
63] the project cost for the Joondalup Project has been fixed at A$13.735
million, which is, upon conversion, S$17.6 million.

60 With regard to the Balikpapan project, the plaintiff computed his fees
based on an estimated construction cost of US$20 million (S$30 million), a
figure provided for in an email dated 8 August 2007.[note: 64] The defendant
argues that the sum was incorrect because the quotation, being provided more
than 2 years after the plaintiff stopped working on the project, was possibly
inaccurate.[note: 65] The defendant’s argument has merit. I find that
additional evidence is required with regard to the Balikpapan “project cost”
figures. The Balikpapan project cost is to be quantified by the Registrar.

The “work stage percentage” for calculation

61 In calculating the quantum of professional fees due to the plaintiff, the
plaintiff utilised “work stage percentage” figures that differed from those
provided by the expert Von Selkey.

62 With regard to the Joondalup Project, both the plaintiff and Von Selkey
were consistent in using the project cost of S$17.6 million and the fee
percentage of 6.85%, but they differed with regard to the “work stage
percentage” component: the plaintiff used 40%, whereas Von Selkey used 32.5%.
A comparison table is produced here for clarity:

Conditions under SIA Terms |  Von Selkey’s computation |  Plaintiff’s computation  
---|---|---  
Condition 2.2(a) |  5% |  5%  
Condition 2.2(b) |  10% |  10%  
Condition 2.2(c) |  4% |  4%  
Condition 2.2(d) |  2.5% |  2.5%  
Condition 2.2(e) |  2.5% |  N/A  
Condition 2.2(f) |  N/A |  10%  
Condition 2.2(g) |  7.5% |  7.5%  
**Total** |  **32.5%** |  **40%**  
  
  

63 Similarly, with regard to the Balikpapan Project, both the plaintiff and
Von Selkey were consistent in using the project cost of S$30 million and the
fee percentage of 5.4%, but they differed with regard to the work stage
percentage component: the plaintiff used 33.75%, whereas Von Selkey used
21.5%. A comparison table is produced here for clarity:

Conditions under SIA Terms |  Expert’s computation |  Plaintiff’s computation  
---|---|---  
Condition 2.2(a) |  5% |  5%  
Condition 2.2(b) |  10% |  10%  
Condition 2.2(c) |  4% |  4%  
Condition 2.2(d) |  2.5% |  2.5%  
Condition 2.2(e) |  N/A |  1.25%  
Condition 2.2(f) |  N/A |  5%  
Condition 2.2(g) |  N/A |  2.5%  
Condition 2.2(h) |  N/A |  2.5%  
**Total** |  **21.5%** |  **33.75%**  
  
  

64 The plaintiff stands by his own calculations, contending that Von Selkey’s
interpretation of the SIA Terms was wrong. The plaintiff should have put his
arguments to Von Selkey and have Von Selkey address them in Court.[note: 66]
Because the plaintiff failed to do so, I am unable to come to a conclusion as
to the correct “work stage percentage” figure to use. At this stage, I can
only proceed on the basis of awarding the percentages that are agreed by both
the plaintiff and Von Selkey, namely Conditions 2.2(a), (b), (c) and (d) for
both projects, _ie_ a work stage percentage of 21.5%. The percentages for the
remaining Conditions will be determined by the Registrar.

The plaintiff’s alternative quantum meruit claim

65 Having found that there is a contract between the plaintiff and the
defendant, with the terms of remuneration being based on the SIA Terms, it is
not necessary for me to consider the plaintiff’s _quantum meruit_ claim.

The plaintiff’s interest claim

66 The plaintiff seeks interest in accordance with Clause 1.3(6) of the SIA
Terms. Clause 1.3(6) reads[note: 67]:

Without relieving the Client of the obligation to pay the account, the Client
shall pay interest on all fees due and not paid within the period stated in
these conditions or if no period is stated, within 14 days of rendering
account. The interest shall be 3% above the prevailing prime rate.

67 The plaintiff pleads two heads of interest claims:[note: 68]

(a)

Interest on the sum of S$962,222 (aggregate of S$415,472 and S$546,750) at the
rate of 3% above the prevailing prime rate, commencing 14 days after rendering
of the plaintiff’s invoices dated 1 October 2007; and

(b)

Interest on the sum of S$10,000 in respect of the plaintiff’s invoice dated 30
May 2003, for the period dated 15 June 2003 to 1 October 2007.

68 In view that the professional fees due to the plaintiff are to be
ascertained by the Registrar, the first head of interest claims on the sum of
S$962,222 (under invoices for both projects) is accordingly also to be
determined by the Registrar. The defendant’s rigorous argument that no
interest is claimable on consultant’s fees and disbursements is not relevant,
because the plaintiff is claiming interest only for his professional fees of
S$962,222.

69 In respect of the second head of interest claims, the plaintiff is to be
awarded interest on the sum of S$10,000 for the period dated 15 June 2003 to 1
October 2007.

Conclusion

70 I find that the defendant had accepted the plaintiff’s designs for both the
Joondalup and Balikpapan Projects. Accordingly, the plaintiff is entitled to
professional fees for both projects, to be calculated based on the SIA Terms
incorporated by expressed reference in the engagement letters. The overall
damages are to be determined by the Registrar, based on the Registrar’s
determination of the professional fees due to the plaintiff (computed pursuant
to determination of the “project cost” for the Balikpapan Project and the
“work stage percentage” figures for both projects) as well as the consequent
interest sums on both projects.

71 Costs to the plaintiff. Costs in the assessment of damages are reserved for
determination by the Registrar.

* * *

[note: 1]Bundle of Pleadings (“BP”), at pp 27-29, 34, and 44.

[note: 2]BP, at p 43.

[note: 3]Agreed Bundle (“AB”), at p 4.

[note: 4]Notes of Evidence (“NE”), 19 May 2010, at p 32 line 27 and p 37 lines
3-7.

[note: 5]AB, at p 17.

[note: 6]AB, at p 16.

[note: 7]AB, at p 23.

[note: 8]AB, at p 31.

[note: 9]AB, at p 35.

[note: 10]AB, at p 95.

[note: 11]AB, at p 99.

[note: 12]AB, at p 151.

[note: 13]AB, at p 151.

[note: 14]NE, 19 May 2010, at p 75 line 25.

[note: 15]AB, at p 155.

[note: 16]Plaintiff’s Bundle of Affidavits of Evidence-In-Chief (“PBAEIC”), at
paras 10, 11, 13, 14, 16, 22, 26 and 32.

[note: 17]AB, at p 5.

[note: 18]AB, at p 21.

[note: 19]AB, at p 20.

[note: 20]AB, at p 39.

[note: 21]AB, at p 154.

[note: 22]AB, at p 156.

[note: 23]AB, at pp 157 and 158.

[note: 24]AB, at p 157.

[note: 25]AB, at p 158.

[note: 26]AB, at pp 157 and 158.

[note: 27]AB, at pp 159-162.

[note: 28]AB, at p 163.

[note: 29]BP, at p 28, para 4(a).

[note: 30]BP, at p 28, para 4(a).

[note: 31]Defendant’s Reply Submission, at para 20.

[note: 32]Defendant’s Pleadings (Amendment No. 1), BP at p 43, para 5(b).

[note: 33]AB, at p1.

[note: 34]See the invoices dated 30 May 2003 and 31 December 2003, the payment
receipt dated 31 December 2003, and the letter dated 15 September 2005.

[note: 35]AB, at pp 1 and 5.

[note: 36]Defendant’s Bundle of Affidavits of Evidence-In-Chief (“DBAEIC”),
Tab 1, p 3, para 10.

[note: 37]NE, 19 May 2010, p 10 at line 5.

[note: 38]Plaintiff’s Reply Submission, at para 17.

[note: 39]AB, at p 23.

[note: 40]AB, at p 20.

[note: 41]AB, at p 20.

[note: 42]NE, 19 May 2010, at p 44 line 27-32, and p 45 line 1-13.

[note: 43]NE, 19 May 2010, at p 46 line 1-15.

[note: 44]NE, 19 May 2010, at p 46 line 16-23.

[note: 45]NE, 19 May 2010, at p 48 line 13-15.

[note: 46]NE, 19 May 2010, at p 49 line 23-29.

[note: 47]NE, 19 May 2010, at p 98 line 12-22.

[note: 48]NE, 19 May 2010, at p 46 line 23.

[note: 49]Defendant’s Closing Submissions, at para 21.

[note: 50]Defendant’s Closing Submissions, at para 36.

[note: 51]Defendant’s Closing Submissions, at para 45.

[note: 52]Defendant’s Reply Submissions, at paras 6-8.

[note: 53]BP, at pp 29 and 35.

[note: 54]DBAEIC, Tab 1, p 3, para 10.

[note: 55]Defendant’s Reply Submissions, at para 22.

[note: 56]DBAEIC, Tab 1, p 3, para 10.

[note: 57]AB, at p 626.

[note: 58]Plaintiff’s Reply Submissions, at para 74.

[note: 59]Plaintiff’s Reply Submission, at para 89. See the 1st October 2007
invoice.

[note: 60]Defendant’s Reply Submissions, at paras 30-33.

[note: 61]AB, at pp 41-43.

[note: 62]Defendant’s Reply Submissions, paras 45-46.

[note: 63]AB, at pp 43 and 95.

[note: 64]AB, at p 156.

[note: 65]Defendant’s Reply Submissions, at paras 56-57.

[note: 66]Defendant’s Reply Submissions, at para 50.

[note: 67]AB, at p 613.

[note: 68]BP, at p 40, para 37(c).

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 06 Sep 2010 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

