Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Luyono Lam _v_ Public Prosecutor  
[2010] SGHC 158

Case Number| :| Magistrate's Appeal No 386 of 2009  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 24 May 2010  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Chao Hick Tin JA  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Harpal Singh and Gurdip Singh (Harpal Mahtani
Partnership) for the appellant; Kan Shuk Weng (Attorney-General's Chambers)
for the respondent.  
Parties| :|  Luyono Lam — Public Prosecutor  
  
24 May 2010|  
---|---  
  
Chao Hick Tin JA:

Introduction

1 This is an appeal by Mr Luyono Lam (“the Appellant”) against his total
sentence of eight months’ imprisonment after being convicted of three counts
of moving cash of more than the prescribed amount of $30,000 into and out of
Singapore pursuant to s 48C(1) of the Corruption, Drug Trafficking and Other
Serious Crimes (Confiscation of Benefits) Act (Cap 65A, 2000 Rev Ed) (“the
Act”). In sentencing, four other counts of the same charge were taken into
consideration.

2 At the conclusion of the hearing before me on 3 March 2010, I was of the
view that the imprisonment sentence imposed was manifestly excessive.
Accordingly, I allowed the appeal and substituted the imprisonment term with a
total fine of $24,000. I now give my reasons.

Facts

3 The Appellant is a 30-year-old Indonesian citizen who is the managing
director and shareholder of a money-changing business in Jakarta, Indonesia.
On 22 May 2009, the Appellant arrived in Singapore and proceeded towards the
Green Channel exit. While doing so, an Immigration & Checkpoints Authority
(“ICA”) officer conducted an X-ray screening of the Appellant’s trolley bag
and haversack and discovered some dense organic images. The officer then asked
the Appellant if he had anything to declare, but the Appellant said “no”. Just
as the officer was about to conduct a physical check of his luggage, the
Appellant informed the officer that he had cash with him. The Appellant was
then brought to the ICA duty officer and the matter was subsequently referred
to the Commercial Affairs Department for investigation. At the time of the
Appellant’s arrest, the Appellant was also found to be in possession of some
unfilled declaration forms.

4 Investigations later revealed that the Appellant was in the business of
money exchange, and he had brought cash and traveller’s cheques (which is a
form of bearer negotiable instruments as defined under s 48B(1) of the Act) on
various occasions into and out of Singapore for the purposes of selling and
exchanging them with a Singapore money changer located at Marine Parade
Central. In carrying out these transactions, it was not disputed that the
Appellant had been reminded by his Singapore counterpart of the declaration
requirement under the Act if he were to bring into or out of Singapore cash of
any currencies or bearer negotiable instruments exceeding a value of $30,000.

5 Further investigations, and this was from the Appellant’s own admission,
revealed that the Appellant had moved physical currencies and traveller’s
cheques on seven occasions; moving cash exceeding the prescribed amount _into_
Singapore on 15, 17, 18, 22 May 2009, and moving cash exceeding the prescribed
amount _out_ of Singapore on 15, 17, 18 May 2009. These seven occasions formed
the basis of the seven charges preferred against him, with the total amount of
cash involved being $3,236,172.

Prescribed sentence

6 Pursuant to s 48C(2) of the Act, a person found guilty of either moving into
or out of Singapore cash exceeding the prescribed amount of $30,000 in
contravention of s 48(C)(1) (read with s 48C(4)) shall be liable to a fine not
exceeding $50,000 or to imprisonment for a term not exceeding three years or
to both. Section 48B(1) further defines “cash” in s 48C(1) to mean physical
currency or a bearer negotiable instrument (which would include, _inter alia_
, a traveller’s cheque).

Proceedings before the District Court

7 Below, the Appellant appeared in person and pleaded guilty to three counts
of the offence and consented to the remaining four counts to be taken into
consideration for the purpose of sentencing. In mitigation, the Appellant
apologised for committing the offences and pleaded for leniency given that he
was the sole breadwinner of his family and had only come to Singapore with
those amounts of cash for legitimate business purposes.

8 In reply, the Prosecution called for a deterrent sentence to be imposed on
the Appellant, and in so doing, rested its submission on two main grounds.
Firstly, it argued that specific deterrence was necessary since the Appellant
knew of such a reporting requirement and deliberately chose not to comply with
it. Secondly, the Prosecution argued that general deterrence was also
necessary given that the key rationale behind implementing this cash reporting
regime was the enhancement of Singapore’s counter-terrorism and anti-money
laundering measures. On the admitted facts, the Prosecution argued that the
Appellant made a mockery of the reporting system by frequently moving cash
into and out of Singapore without making the necessary declarations on no less
than seven occasions. General deterrence was therefore necessary to deter
potential offenders from committing similar violations in the future and was
also appropriate given the difficulties of detection. However, this court
noted that while the Prosecution below had asked that a deterrent sentence be
meted out, it stopped short of specifically asking for the imposition of a
custodial term.

9 After considering the Appellant’s mitigation plea and the Prosecution’s
submission on sentence, the District Judge (“the DJ”) sentenced the Appellant
to four months’ imprisonment for each of the three counts, and ordered two of
these sentences to run consecutively (see _Public Prosecutor v Luyono Lam_
[2009] SGDC 459). In all, he was sentenced to eight months’ imprisonment. The
DJ was in general agreement with the Prosecution. He reasoned that firstly,
the offences were committed with premeditation. Secondly, a general deterrence
sentence was necessary to deter like-minded persons from committing such
offences in light of the difficulties facing enforcement agencies in detecting
and apprehending culprits contravening this cash reporting regime.

The appeal

10 Dissatisfied with the sentence, the Appellant appealed. The thrust of his
appeal was that he was not involved in any money laundering or in any other
nefarious or illegal activity. His movement of the various physical currencies
into and out of Singapore, which formed the bases of the charges, was pursuant
to his money-changing business which his company was legitimately involved in.
He pleaded that he was truly a businessman carrying out a legitimate business
and it was not his intention to flout any of Singapore’s laws. Viewed in this
light, the Appellant submitted that the DJ erred when he gave undue weight to
the sentencing principle of deterrence. In response, the Prosecution raised
the same arguments on the need for both specific and general deterrence as it
did before the District Court and contended that a signal ought to be sent to
the public to underscore the importance of the cash reporting regime.
Furthermore, the Prosecution, while accepting that sentences imposed in most
of the previous cases were fines, submitted that incarceration was appropriate
in this case given the sheer volume of cash involved and the increasing number
of similar violations.

My consideration of the appeal

11 As I saw it, this appeal centred around one main issue: whether in
determining the appropriate sentence to be meted out to the Appellant, the DJ
adequately appreciated the overall objectives of the Act. This was where I
thought inadequate consideration was given.

12 A major thrust of the Prosecution’s submission in both the District Court
and this court was that, on the factual matrix of this case, a general and
specific deterrence sentence was called for. I accepted that the Appellant’s
deliberate refusal in making the declaration was based on his perception that
such an infraction was technical at best given that he was carrying out a
legitimate business in moving physical currencies and traveller’s cheques into
and out of Singapore. For that infringement, I acknowledged that he should
indeed be punished. What was in dispute, however, was whether there was a need
to impose a custodial sentence as deterrence in a case such as this. In this
regard, it is crucial to consider the objectives of the Act.

13 It is patently clear that Parliament’s primary objective in enacting the
Act was to criminalise the laundering of benefits derived from corruption,
drug trafficking and other serious crimes and to allow investigation and
confiscation of such benefits, as well as, in general, to curb and protect
society from such serious criminal activities (if anything, the title of the
Act would have already suggested this; see also _Singapore Parliamentary
Debates_ , _Official Report_ (6 July 1999) vol 70 at col 1731 (Wong Kan Seng,
Minister for Home Affairs)). Specifically, in relation to Part VIA of the Act
which comprises ss 48A to 48G, s 48A provides in no uncertain terms the
objective of this part of the Act:

**Object of this Part**

48A. The object of this Part is to impose measures for the disclosure of
information regarding movements of physical currency and bearer negotiable
instruments into and out of Singapore _for the purpose of detecting,
investigating and prosecuting drug trafficking offences and serious offences_.

[emphasis added]

Part VIA of the Act was introduced via the enactment of the Corruption, Drug
Trafficking and Other Serious Crimes (Confiscation of Benefits) (Amendment)
Act (Act 44 of 2007) (“the Amendment Act”). At the second reading of the
Corruption, Drug Trafficking and Other Serious Crimes (Confiscation of
Benefits) (Amendment) Bill (Bill 33 of 2007), which was eventually enacted as
the Amendment Act, the Senior Minister of State for Home Affairs, Assoc Prof
Ho Peng Kee, reiterated that the purpose of the cash reporting regime under
Part VIA was to enhance the anti-money laundering and counter-terrorism
financing measures (_Singapore Parliamentary Debates_ , _Official Report_ (19
September 2007) vol 83 at col 1965):

There is an urgent need for us to address the increasingly complex challenges
posed by the _abuse of our financial systems by terrorists and money
launders_. The devastating 9/11 attacks underscore the urgent need for
governments around the world to implement measures to suppress terrorist
financing as part of the global effort to combat terrorism [emphasis added]

Accordingly, the very object of such a regime was to serve as a tool to detect
and prevent such insidious criminal syndicates or terrorists from using our
financial system for their own illicit purposes.

14 While the DJ did, in fact, acknowledge the overarching objective and
context of such a cash reporting regime, the DJ appeared not to have given
sufficient consideration to it when sentencing the Appellant, a person who was
in legitimate business and not involved in any money-laundering or terrorist
activities and was a person without antecedents. The punishment imposed must
correspond to the culpability of an offender _in the context of the objectives
of the Act_ (and in this case, it must correspond in particular to the
objective of Part VIA of the Act). I also noted that Parliament had enacted an
over-inclusive provision in s 48C(1) of the Act which made it an offence for a
person to bring into or out of Singapore cash amounts of more than $30,000 if
an appropriate declaration was not made, regardless of whether the money
originated from money laundering or is intended for terrorist activities, or
otherwise. It is understandable that Parliament had seen it fit to enact such
an all-embracing provision in order to ensure that the Act’s objectives would
be effectively met. That said, a court still has the responsibility to strike
a balance between upholding the cash reporting regime and the spirit behind
that provision, and mete out a sentence that fairly accounts for the over-
inclusiveness of the provision and yet without disregarding the real objective
of the provision in assessing culpability for the purpose of punishment.
Arguably, Parliament, in not imposing a mandatory minimum period of
imprisonment for such an offence, recognised that there is a range of
culpability for the offence under s 48C and it would be up to the courts to
determine _when_ it would be appropriate to incarcerate an offender for such a
violation.

15 In several past cases involving materially the same fact situation, where
the offenders were found to have fallen foul of the reporting requirement, but
where the movement of cash was predicated on the offenders’ legitimate money-
changing business, the courts had appropriately exercised their discretion to
impose only a fine (see _Public Prosecutor v Loh Chai Huat_ (DAC 22565 of
2008), _Public Prosecutor v Lai Nai Jen_ (DAC 30616–31620 of 2008), _Public
Prosecutor v Ahmad Ibrahim_ (DAC 31396–31398 of 2009) and _Public Prosecutor v
Yee Wai Pang_ (DAC 44703 of 2009), where fines were imposed notwithstanding
that the offenders in these cases knew of the reporting requirement and had
deliberately failed to make the necessary declaration). Similarly, fines were
only imposed in cases where cash was transported for the purposes connected
with legitimate commercial transactions (see _Public Prosecutor v Tay Zar Myo
Hein_ (DAC 5504 of 2009) (cash found in offender’s possession was for
purchasing stock for a friend’s handphone business), _Public Prosecutor v
Nguyen Ni Xa_ (DAC 35521 of 2009) (cash found in offender’s possession was for
handphone trading business) and _Public Prosecutor v Worrawut Rungchiwa_ (DAC
30242–30244 of 2009) (cash found in offender’s possession was intended payment
to his rattan and rattan furniture supplier in Malaysia)).

16 In contrast, courts have been prepared to impose terms of incarceration
where there was an underlying crime to the movement of money. In _Public
Prosecutor v Stanley Ong Beng Hock_ (DAC 20870, 33414 and 33415 of 2009), the
offender was sentenced to six months’ imprisonment for his s 48C(1) offence
when he attempted to transport out of Singapore part of the physical cash
which he stole from his employer. Similarly, in _Public Prosecutor v Derek
Graham Engelbreact @ Sergio Roberto Kabemba_ (DAC 21233 of 2009), the offender
was sentenced to three months’ imprisonment for trying to leave Singapore with
fraudulently obtained funds.

17 Having considered these precedents, it was clear to me that ordinarily,
unless the money sought to be moved (and not declared as required) were
tainted as shown in those cases cited in the preceding paragraph, imposition
of a custodial sentence for an offender under s 48C was not usually called
for.

18 In this regard, I would emphasise that it is not illegal to move any sum of
money into or out of Singapore. Very often the offender might opt not to
declare out of convenience so that there would not be any delay, in arriving
or departing from Singapore, on account of having to comply with that
requirement. In the case of the Appellant, his trips to Singapore were
invariably day trips and so there was a need to save time. While I am not
saying that this is excusable, I am simply stating that this could be at the
forefront of the Appellant’s mind when he deliberately omitted to disclose the
currencies he was carrying. Since offenders such as the Appellant are engaged
in that nature of activity (money-changing) for profit, it would serve just as
good a deterrence, both general and specific, if a substantial fine is
imposed. Such a penalty, in my view, would be an adequate and effective
disincentive against deliberate disclosure violations. Moreover, as stated
earlier, the real culprits which the law targets are those involved in money-
laundering and terrorist activities.

19 Quite naturally the burden fell on the Appellant to prove that the
currencies he moved into and out of Singapore were pursuant to legitimate
commercial transactions. In this case, it was glaringly clear that the
offences were committed against the backdrop of a legitimate business. It was
not disputed that the Appellant was then the managing director and shareholder
of an Indonesian money-changing business. There was neither a suggestion nor
suspicion that the Appellant’s company was a business front for any illegal
criminal activity or was used as a money laundering arm of a criminal
syndicate. Notably, when the Appellant was arrested, he was found with
numerous physical currencies which were in irregular denominations. This, in
my view, corroborated with his claimed business. The significance of this
detail did not seem to have been appreciated by the parties. Therefore,
considering the totality of the evidence before me, I was amply satisfied that
the Appellant was engaged in a _bona fide_ money-changing business and was
simply in Singapore to legitimately trade currencies with his Singapore
counterpart. Thus the large amounts involved. But as counsel for the Appellant
had pointed out, what amount of money (in varying currencies) the Appellant
had brought into Singapore, he would in turn have brought out a substantial
part, if not all, of an equivalent amount (in other currencies). In a sense,
there would be double counting if we were to just add the two sums brought
into Singapore and correspondingly brought out of Singapore by the Appellant,
which counsel reckoned to be $1,866,457 and $1,369,715 respectively. As I
stated earlier, the DJ, in considering the need for deterrence, did not have
sufficient regard to what was the real mischief which the Act sought to
address.

20 I recognise that it is trite law that an appellate court should not
interfere with a sentence meted out by the trial judge unless it is satisfied
that (see _Public Prosecutor v Kwong Kok Hing_ [2008] 2 SLR(R) 684 at [14]):

(a)

the trial judge had made the wrong decision as to the proper factual matrix
for sentence;

(b)

the trial judge had erred in appreciating the material before him.

(c)

the sentence was wrong in principle; or

(d)

the sentence imposed was manifestly excessive, or manifestly inadequate.

21 In the circumstances, and bearing in mind the precedents, any term of
imprisonment would have been disproportionate to the nature of the offence
committed and the culpability of the Appellant. Equally important, I noted
that the charges preferred by the Prosecution were primarily based on the
money-changing receipts that the Appellant himself produced to support his
claim that he was legitimately trading in those currencies. If he had really
thought that by not making the declaration he had committed a grave offence, I
would have imagined that he would not have so willingly confessed to the
similar earlier trips which he had made. Quite clearly, the Appellant came
clean from the very outset, and this reflected the extent of remorse within
him. Without such cooperation, details of his past movements of cash would not
have surfaced and would not have led to the multiplicity of charges he now
faced. These were undoubtedly mitigating factors to which consideration should
be given (see _Public Prosecutor v Lim Hoon Choo_ [1999] 3 SLR(R) 803 at [16]
and _Angliss Singapore Pte Ltd v Public Prosecutor_ [2006] 4 SLR(R) 653 at
[69]).

Conclusion

22 For all the above reasons, I was of the firm view that the circumstances of
the case only warranted a sentence of no more than a fine. That said, I agreed
with the submission made by the Prosecution below that a substantial fine
ought to be imposed to reflect the predominant principle of specific
deterrence on the facts of this case as well as the need for some general
deterrence against similar offenders avoiding the reporting requirement in the
future. Accordingly, I allowed the appeal and I ordered the sentences to be
substituted with a fine of $8,000 per charge, making a total fine of $24,000.
Such a fine should cause sufficient pain to act as a general and specific
deterrent to a money-changer like the Appellant.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 24 May 2010 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

