Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Sinwa SS (HK) Co Ltd _v_ Morten Innhaug  
[2010] SGHC 157

Case Number| :| Originating Summons No 960 of 2009  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 24 May 2010  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Andrew Ang J  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Gopinath s/o B Pillai and Lim Pei Ling June (Tan Peng
Chin LLC) for the plaintiff; Joseph Tan (Legal Solutions LLC) for the
defendant.  
Parties| :|  Sinwa SS (HK) Co Ltd — Morten Innhaug  
  
24 May 2010|  
---|---  
  
Andrew Ang J:

Introduction

1 By way of this originating summons, the plaintiff sought leave to bring a
derivative action on behalf of a company, of which the plaintiff was a
minority shareholder, against the defendant. After hearing submissions from
both parties, I dismissed the plaintiff’s application. I now set out my
reasons for doing so.

Background

2 While there were only two parties to this action, the factual matrix really
involved seven companies and one individual. It would be convenient to
identify them at this early stage, as follows:

(a) Nordic International Limited, a company incorporated in the British Virgin
Islands (“NIL”);

(b) Sinwa Limited, a Singapore-incorporated company (“Sinwa”);

(c) Sinwa SS (HK) Co Ltd, a company incorporated in Hong Kong (“the
plaintiff”);

(d) Morten Innhaug, the only natural person directly involved in the
litigation (“the defendant”);

(e) Nordic Maritime Pte Ltd (“NMPL”);

(f) BGP Geoexplorer Pte Ltd (“BGP”), the Singapore subsidiary of a Chinese
state-owned enterprise;

(g) TGS-NOPEC Geophysical Company ASA (“TGS”); and

(h) Nordic Geo Services Limited (“NGS”).

3 This litigation primarily revolved around NIL, a company incorporated on 16
January 2007 with the defendant as the sole director and shareholder. NIL was
set up essentially as a ship-owning company whose main business was to
purchase and own the fishing trawler “BGP ATLAS” (“the vessel”). The defendant
intended to convert the vessel from an ordinary fishing trawler into a
specialised seismic survey ship and equip it accordingly. The vessel was
bought by NIL on 12 January 2007 and refitted as a seismic survey vessel in
Poland.

4 However, even before the vessel was purchased, the defendant had already put
in place the various pieces required to make the business model a success. On
1 January 2007, a ship management agreement was signed between NIL and NMPL
pursuant to which NMPL was to operate the vessel for a consideration of US$800
a day. The defendant was also a director and shareholder of NMPL. NIL,
represented by the defendant, was also in negotiations with BGP for BGP to
charter the vessel from NIL. Those negotiations took place around November
2006 and culminated in a time charter agreement (“the Time Charter”) signed on
8 June 2007, pursuant to which BGP was to charter the vessel from NIL for a
period of three years beginning from 15 June 2007. By a contract signed
between BGP and TGS on 22 or 23 December 2006, BGP agreed to provide seismic
survey services to TGS. In short, the arrangement was as follows: the
defendant was to be the owner of the vessel, NMPL the manager and operator,
BGP the charterer and TGS the client.

5 Sinwa stepped into the picture in or about February 2007. After the purchase
of the vessel, it became necessary for NIL to obtain more funds to finance the
retrofitting of the vessel from a fishing trawler to a seismic survey ship. It
was to Sinwa that NIL, and the defendant, turned for an injection of capital.
Apparently, Sinwa had access to credit facilities which could be used to buy
seismic survey equipment. While Sinwa was not new to the maritime industry, it
certainly was not as familiar with the seismic survey industry as the
defendant was. Nevertheless, on 4 July 2007, Sinwa entered into a
shareholders’ agreement (“the Shareholders’ Agreement”) with the defendant
whereby the defendant was to sell 50% of his shares in NIL to Sinwa. As a
result, Sinwa and the defendant were equal shareholders of NIL. Furthermore,
the Shareholders’ Agreement also contained the following clauses regarding the
making of decisions:

**6**. **DIRECTORS AND BOARD OF DIRECTORS**

6.1 Forthwith or as soon as practicable after executing this Agreement, both
SINWA and MORTEN INNHAUG shall each nominate and appoint two (2) directors as
follows, and the following shall comprise the Board:-

6.1.1Sim Yong Teng (nominated by SINWA);

6.1.2Tan Lay Ling (nominated by SINWA);

6.1.3Morten Innhaug (nominated by MORTEN INNHAUG); and

6.1.4Kjell Gauksheim (nominated by MORTEN INNHAUG).

…

6.7 Any decision of the Board shall be made by a majority vote of the
directors present at a duly constituted meeting provided that the following
matters shall require the unanimous consent of all the directors of the
Board:-

6.7.1entering into any contract (other than in the ordinary course of the
Joint Venture Project), arrangement, commitment, or transaction of any nature
whatsoever that is of an aggregate value in excess of USD 1,000,000.00.

6.7.2appointment of the company secretary and auditor of the company or
changing such appointment;

6.7.3appointment of the bankers of NIL;

6.7.4raising or borrowing of funds for NIL of an aggregate value in a
financial year that is in excess of USD 1,000,000.00.

6.7.5making any loan or advance or giving credit (other than normal trade
credit) to any person;

6.7.6taking or agreeing to take any lease or licence of real property;

6.7.7the approval of the business plan including the annual budget of NIL and
all revisions thereto.

…

8\. **MANAGEMENT AND OPERATIONS**

8.1 Parties agree that:-

8.1.1all technical and economical (sic) matters relating to the operations and
management of the Vessel, and/or matters related to the time charter party
and/or matters related to the client BGP and end user [TGS], shall be solely
decided by the directors appointed by MORTEN INNHAUG (whose decision shall be
final);

8.1.2all matters relating to the accounting and/or management and/or auditing
of the accounts and books and financing of the Vessel and/or matters relating
to Credit Facilities shall be solely decided by the directors appointed by
SINWA (whose decision shall be final); and

8.1.3save as aforesaid, all other decisions in respect of any other matters
shall carry the unanimous agreement of both parties.

Sinwa’s rights and obligations under the Shareholders’ Agreement were novated
to the plaintiff on or about 28 August 2007, thus explaining the plaintiff’s
involvement in this application. As might have been anticipated, the division
of decision-making power in the form and language adopted became a source for
unhappiness and conflict.

6 As it turned out, the plaintiff had many complaints regarding the conduct of
the defendant in their joint venture. The main grouse, however, appeared to be
regarding an assignment of the Time Charter agreed between NIL and BGP. By
this assignment, NGS, a company the defendant incorporated specifically for
the purpose, took over BGP’s rights under the Time Charter. It was the
plaintiff’s case that NGS, being a wholly-owned subsidiary of NMPL, was
controlled by the defendant. According to the plaintiff, this assignment was
effected by two agreements. First, on 22 September 2008, a notice of
assignment was signed between BGP and NGS whereby BGP “notified” NGS that BGP
was assigning all its rights under the Time Charter to NGS (“the Notice of
Assignment”). Second, by an acknowledgment and undertaking of the Notice of
Assignment, also signed on 22 September 2008, BGP consented to the assignment
(“the Acknowledgment of Assignment”). (Even though the documents were entitled
“Notice of Assignment” and “Acknowledgment and Undertaking”, the effect of the
documents was, in fact, an assignment of the Time Charter. It is further to be
noted that in its closing submission the plaintiff had taken the erroneous
position that a third agreement (“the Memorandum of Agreement”), entered into
between NMPL, BGP and TGS, was part of the agreements putting the assignment
of the Time Charter into effect. The Memorandum of Agreement, dated 23 August
2008, related to a different assignment altogether and had to do with the
assignment of BGP’s agreement with TGS to provide seismic survey services to
the latter.)

7 The plaintiff was informed of the assignment of the Time Charter on 11
September 2008 via an e-mail from a representative of the defendant. Earlier,
on 9 September 2008, Kjell Gauksheim (“Gauksheim”) (a director appointed by
the defendant) informed the plaintiff that NMPL had taken over the “seismic
operation of [the vessel]”. Of course, Gauksheim was not being entirely
forthright at that point in time as it was NGS which had taken over BGP’s
rights under the Time Charter. The plaintiff then enquired if the change had
any financial implications for NIL. It was then that Gauksheim came clean. To
this question, the plaintiff received the following reply over e-mail on 11
September 2008 (“the 11 September e-mail”):

All terms and conditions for NIL remain the same.

[BGP] has assigned the charter contract to NGS.

NGS (Nordic Geo Services) is a 100% owned subsidiary of NMPL.

Despite the above assurance, the plaintiff was still concerned about the
financial implications of the assignment and did not recognise the assignment.
To the plaintiff, the defendant procured the assignment to profit from a
clause (cl 40) in the Time Charter which allowed the charterer an option to
purchase the vessel together with all its equipment at the price of
US$5,000,000 on completion of the three-year charter period. The defendant, it
was alleged, was seeking to buy the vessel on the cheap via this clause. On 23
October 2008, the plaintiff formally issued a letter to the defendant stating
its objections. By this letter, the plaintiff made known its dissatisfaction
with:

(a) the assignment;

(b) an attempt by the defendant to change the name of the vessel without the
plaintiff’s consent;

(c) the appointment of NMPL as managers of the vessel, given that it was also
the holding company of NGS to whom the vessel was chartered – (even though the
plaintiff used the word “appointment”, it was clear that it, in fact, meant
“continuation”); and

(d) a purported disregard of the interests of NIL.

Accordingly, the plaintiff called for the removal of NMPL as managers of the
vessel, termination of the assignment and reinstatement of BGP as charterers
of the vessel. The defendant did not accede to this request.

8 Another area of disagreement between the parties was in regard to the
payment for the charter of the vessel. Despite the assignment, the plaintiff,
purportedly on behalf of NIL, insisted that BGP remain liable for payment of
charter hire under the Time Charter. However, for four months from September
to December 2008, NGS had tendered payment of the charter hire which NIL
accepted without any objections on the part of the plaintiff. The plaintiff
pointed to cl 17(a) of the Time Charter which provided that while BGP might
assign the charter of the vessel to another party, BGP remained primarily
liable for the due performance of the obligations under the Time Charter. BGP
disagreed. BGP’s position was that it had been “relieved and released of all
obligations” under the Time Charter because of the assignment and it was not
liable to NIL at all. Because of the impasse, the plaintiff sought to commence
legal proceedings against BGP for the outstanding charter hire. However, the
defendant disagreed with the plaintiff and its attempts to recover the charter
hire from BGP. The defendant argued that the plaintiff, on its own, did not
have authority to commence legal proceedings. Thus, the defendant, through his
solicitors, required that the plaintiff cease from representing that it acted
for NIL in relation to the legal proceedings.

9 The plaintiff also alleged that the defendant had misappropriated funds
properly belonging to NIL for his own purposes. According to the plaintiff, it
came to know in early June 2008 that a sum of US$400,000 had been loaned to an
entity known as Haydock International Ltd (“Haydock”) on or about 28 May 2008
without the plaintiff’s approval. This sum had initially been transferred from
NIL to NMPL and was intended to cover the monthly expenses for the vessel.
However, NMPL later further transferred the money to Haydock. It was not
disputed that Haydock was a company controlled by the defendant. Upon the
plaintiff’s query, the defendant essentially explained that it was normal for
shipowners to use the operating funds belonging to one vessel to cover the
operating costs of another. Hence, in the present case, NMPL had loaned the
US$400,000 to another entity which the defendant had an interest in.

10 The plaintiff further complained of purported discrepancies discovered when
the plaintiff audited NMPL’s management of the vessel. They included:

(a) the payment by NIL of administrative charges, amounting to US$115,750, to
NMPL which the plaintiff asserted was never agreed upon;

(b) the increase of monthly salaries paid to the crew during a period when the
vessel was supposed to be laid-up;

(c) the payment of crew salaries to an entity known as “Eagle Clarc Shipping
Phils, Inc” (“Eagle Clarc”), a payment which NMPL did not, or could not,
explain;

(d) a failure by NMPL to inform NIL of fuel costs that NIL had overpaid;

(e) the acquisition of provisions and stores at prices that the plaintiff
deemed excessive; and

(f) the over-payment of insurance premiums.

The plaintiff alleged that as director in charge of all matters concerning the
management of the vessel, the defendant bore full responsibility for the
mismanagement of the vessel as revealed by the audits.

11 In sum therefore, the plaintiff alleged that the defendant had breached his
duty as a director of NIL by doing the following:

(a) procuring an assignment of the Time Charter by BGP to NGS, a company
controlled by the defendant;

(b) withholding payment or causing the withholding of charter hire to NIL by
reason of the assignment of the charter hire to NGS;

(c) profiting or intending to profit from the sale of the vessel after the
completion of the three-year charter period;

(d) charging NIL for an administrative fee without authority;

(e) failing to inform NIL of overpaid fuel costs;

(f) paying crew salaries erroneously or excessively;

(g) overpaying insurance premiums;

(h) making excessive payments for provisions and stores;

(i) misappropriation of funds owned by NIL;

(j) failing to explain why payment was made to Eagle Clarc;

(k) failing to procure provisions and stores at a cheaper prices; and

(l) failing to provide any or adequate information when so queried.

The plaintiff averred that the defendant had failed to address the plaintiff’s
unhappiness with the way the joint venture had been conducted. Accordingly, on
21 July 2009, the plaintiff issued a “Notice of Intention to Apply for Leave
of Court” to the directors of NIL, requesting that legal action be taken
against the defendant for his breaches of duty as a director of NIL and
seeking authority for the plaintiff to do so on behalf of NIL. While the
directors appointed by the plaintiff supported this request, directors
appointed by the defendant did not. In the absence of an approval from the
board of directors of NIL to take legal action against the defendant, the
plaintiff started this application for leave to commence a derivative action.

Parties’ submissions

12 The plaintiff relied upon the “fraud on the minority” exception to the
_Foss v Harbottle_ rule in its application. Citing the case of _Prudential
Assurance Co Ltd v Newman Industries Ltd (No 2)_ [1982] Ch 204 (“ _Prudential
Assurance (CA)_ ”), the plaintiff argued that a minority shareholder would be
allowed to bring an action on behalf of a company against the majority
shareholder, even without the approval of the board of directors, when the
majority shareholder had committed a fraud against the company and the
majority shareholder was in control of the company. In the present case, the
plaintiff submitted that by the various breaches of the defendant’s duty as a
director of NIL, as outlined in [11] above, the defendant had committed fraud
against NIL. Furthermore, even though the plaintiff was not a minority
shareholder as it owned 50% of the shares in NIL, the plaintiff nevertheless
argued that it could avail itself of the “fraud on a minority” exception since
the defendant was able to prevent legal action from being brought against
himself.

13 The defendant objected to the plaintiff’s application on various grounds.
First, he contended that the plaintiff’s application was procedurally wrong.
He argued that the plaintiff should have taken out a writ of summons instead
of an originating summons against the defendant and that NIL should have been
added as a co-defendant. The plaintiff’s right to proceed on behalf of the
company should then be determined as a preliminary issue at trial. Relying on
Tan Cheng Han, _Walter Woon on Company Law_ (Sweet & Maxwell, Rev 3rd Ed,
2009) (“ _Walter Woon on Company Law_ ”) the defendant submitted that in order
to establish the “fraud on the minority” exception, the plaintiff had to
demonstrate that the defendant had obtained some benefit and that some
detriment was caused to NIL. The plaintiff had failed to do either. Finally,
the defendant argued that a minority shareholder ought not to be allowed to
bring a derivative action on behalf of a company if other remedies were
available to the company. In the present case, the defendant submitted that
arbitration was available to the company.

The decision of the court

14 As previously mentioned, I dismissed the plaintiff’s application for leave
to commence a derivative action on behalf of NIL. It is pertinent to note at
the outset that because NIL was a company incorporated in the British Virgin
Islands, the plaintiff was unable to avail itself of the remedy provided in s
216A of the Companies Act (Cap 50, 2006 Rev Ed) (“the Act”): see _Ting Sing
Ning v Ting Chek Swee_ [2008] 1 SLR(R) 197 (“ _Ting Sing Ning_ ”). Thus, this
judgment deals only with the common law derivative action.

Preliminary point: procedure

15 The learned authors of _Walter Woon on Company Law_ state the proper
procedure to start a derivative action in Singapore (at paras 9.60–9.62) as
follows:

**9.60** As there is no procedure prescribed for a derivative action, it will
take the form of a representative action. ‘It is not permissible for the
plaintiff to sue in his own name, without indicating that he is bringing the
action in a representative capacity and for the benefit of the company of
which he is a shareholder’: per Gopal Sri Ram JCA in _Abdul Rahim bin Aki v
Krubong Industrial Park (Melaka) Sdn Bhd_. The proper procedure would be for
the plaintiff to bring the action on behalf of all the shareholders except the
defendants; the company should be joined as a defendant in order that it be
bound by the result of the action.

**9.61** The question of _locus standi_ to bring a derivative action should be
decided as a preliminary point. In _Huang Ee Hoe v Tiong Thai King_ , Chong
Siew Fai J did not agree to the plaintiffs’ suggestion that the preliminary
issues be dealt with at the commencement of the trial of the action. According
to the learned judge:

Leaving the issues for disposal at the commencement of trial of the main
action necessarily means that all are set for the trial including the subpoena
and presence or attendances of witnesses of both sides in participation
[_sic_] of the trial to proceed. On the other hand, if the preliminary issues
are disposed of in advance, preparatory works for the trial as aforesaid may
or may not be necessary, depending upon the result of the present application.
An early disposal of the present application would undoubtedly place parties
in a clearer position as to whether anything needs be done in the conduct of
the case, and is, in my opinion, to be preferred.

**9.62** The application should normally be made under the _Rules of Court
1996_ Order 33 r 2 for trial as a preliminary issue. However, in _Smith v
Croft (No 2)_ Knox J decided that raising the issue of _locus standi_ in an
application under the United Kingdom equivalent of the Rules of Court 1996
Order 18 r 9 was ‘not inherently defective’.

16 The above position reflects that taken by the Malaysian Court of Appeal in
_Abdul Rahim bin Aki v Krubong Industrial Park (Melaka) Sdn Bhd_ [1995] 3 MLJ
417 (“ _Abdul Rahim bin Aki_ ”). In that case, the appellant, a minority
shareholder in a company known as Tunas Murni Sdn Bhd, took out an action
against the first respondent and other shareholders for breaches of duty. He
first did this by using the company’s name but this action was struck out as
the board of directors had not approved the action. He then brought a second
action by originating summons in his own name, claiming that it was a
derivative action. The Malaysian High Court dismissed the second action on the
basis that common law fraud had not been established on the facts. The Court
of Appeal dismissed the appeal on the basis, _inter alia_ , that there were
procedural improprieties. Gopal Sri Ram JCA held as follows:

We now turn to consider the one exception with which this case is concerned.
It is the derivative action; an ingenious procedural device created by courts
of equity; by which the rule of judicial non-interference is overcome. It is
based upon the premise that the company which has been wronged is unable to
sue because the wrongdoers are themselves in control of its decision-making
organs and will not, for that reason, permit an action to be brought in its
name. _In these circumstances, a minority shareholder may bring an action on
behalf of himself and all the other shareholders of the company, other than
the defendants. The wrongdoers must be cited as defendants. So too must the
company. The title to the action must reflect that the suit is being brought
in a representative capacity. The statement of claim or other pleading filed
in support of the originating process must disclose that it is a derivative
action and recite the facts that make it so. Further, there must be an express
statement in the pleading that the action is being brought for the benefit of
the company named as a defendant. An action that does not meet these
requirements is liable to be struck out as being frivolous and vexatious_.
[emphasis added]

17 In the present case, the plaintiff’s counsel admitted that he had
erroneously adopted the procedure applicable to a statutory derivative action
and had started the action by way of an originating summons instead of a writ
of summons. Besides, the plaintiff failed to join NIL as a defendant and the
title of the action did not reflect that the action was being brought in a
representative capacity. However, the plaintiff’s counsel argued that such
defects were not necessarily fatal to its application. In the present case,
the plaintiff had consistently maintained, in the originating summons and in
its affidavits, that it was bringing a derivative action. Thus, the defendant
was never misled that the present proceedings was anything but a derivative
action brought by the plaintiff on behalf of NIL. The defendant himself did
not argue that he had suffered any prejudice as a result of the plaintiff’s
procedural mistake.

18 In this regard, O 2, r 1, of the Rules of Court (Cap 322, R5, 2006 Rev Ed)
(“the Rules”) is instructive. The relevant rule reads as follows:

**Non-compliance with Rules (O. 2, r. 1)**

**1\. —(1**) Where, in beginning or purporting to begin any proceedings or at
any stage in the course of or in connection with any proceedings, there has,
by reason of anything done or left undone, been a failure to comply with the
requirements of these Rules, whether in respect of time, place, manner, form
or content or in any other respect, the failure shall be treated as an
irregularity and shall not nullify the proceedings, any step taken in the
proceedings, or any document, judgment or order therein.

(2) Subject to paragraph (3), the Court may, on the ground that there has been
such a failure as is mentioned in paragraph (1), and on such terms as to costs
or otherwise as it thinks just, set aside either wholly or in part the
proceedings in which the failure occurred, any step taken in those proceedings
or any document, judgment or order therein or exercise its powers under these
Rules to allow such amendments (if any) to be made and to make such order (if
any) dealing with the proceedings generally as it thinks fit.

(3) The Court shall not wholly set aside any proceedings or the originating
process by which they were begun on the ground that the proceedings were
required by any of these Rules to be begun by an originating process other
than the one employed.

In Jeffrey Pinsler, _Singapore Court Practice 2009_ (LexisNexis, 2009), the
author wrote (at paras 2/1/1 and 2/1/2) in relation to the above rule, as
follows:

**2/1/1. Nature and consequences of procedural error**. The observance of the
rules of procedure is fundamental to the course of litigation for they provide
the necessary framework for the achievement of justice between the parties.
While sanctions are necessary to ensure that the parties do not disregard the
rules with impunity, the court’s reaction to non-compliance must be tempered
by the equally important principle that the rules of procedure serve the
substantive law, and that a party should not be automatically deprived of his
substantive rights by procedural error …

**2/1/2. Principles**. …

...

The position is that no irregularity or defect, whatever its nature,
automatically renders the proceeding a nullity. The court is entitled to
consider each case according to the circumstances and make whatever decision
it deems just. …

… Nevertheless, despite this broad discretion to cure any irregularity, the
courts have refused to grant the remedy in various circumstances. These may be
classified under the following categories:

(1)where a curative approach would result in prejudice;

(2)where the nature of the error is so serious or fundamental that it cannot,
in principle, be validated;

(3)where the rule is sufficiently comprehensive to govern non-compliance (so
that resort to O 2 is inappropriate); and

(5) _where, although the error is not fundamental, the court will not exercise
its discretion to cure it because the substantive application would fail_.

[emphasis added in italics]

19 I was persuaded that the procedural error committed by the plaintiff was a
_bona fide_ mistake and not born of a blatant disregard for the rules of
procedure. Furthermore, as far as I could tell, no prejudice was suffered by
the defendant because of the plaintiff’s mistake. Hence, the failure of the
plaintiff to comply with the correct procedure was one which might be cured by
the court ordering a conversion of the originating summons into a writ
together with other appropriate amendments. Nevertheless, I was disinclined to
exercise my discretion to cure the procedural irregularity as I was of the
view that the plaintiff’s application for leave to take out a derivative
action would fail in any case: see [60]–[71] below.

Prerequisites to a derivative action

20 In _Prudential Assurance (CA)_ ([12]  _supra_), the English Court of Appeal
held (at [221]–[222]) that:

… In our view, whatever may be the properly defined boundaries of the
exception to the rule [in _Foss v Harbottle_], the plaintiff ought at least to
be required before proceeding with his action to establish a _prima facie_
case (i) that the company is entitled to the relief claimed. and (ii) that the
action falls within the proper boundaries of the exception to the rule in
_Foss v Harbottle_.

Thus, two requirements need to be satisfied before the court will consider
granting leave to a minority shareholder to start a derivative action on
behalf of a company against a majority shareholder. The first is that the
company has a reasonable case against the defendant; the second concerns the
_locus standi_ of the plaintiff to bring the action. Even if these
requirements are met, the court still has discretion to decide whether or not
to grant leave to commence a derivative action: see [66] below. I will now
examine each requirement in turn.

Entitlement to relief

21 Before leave is granted to a plaintiff to commence an action against the
defendant in the name of a company, it must first be demonstrated that the
company is entitled, _prima facie_ , to the relief claimed. This means that
the plaintiff must show that the company has a reasonable, or legitimate, case
against the defendant for which the company may recover damages or otherwise
obtain relief.

22 The necessity for this requirement lies in the fact that the company, in
fact, did not choose to take out legal proceedings against the defendant. It
is a third party, the plaintiff, who, at little or no risk to himself, seeks
to bring an action on behalf of the company. Improperly used, the device of a
derivative action may cause the company prejudice. In the worst case scenario,
a disgruntled minority shareholder may take out an action against the majority
shareholder for purely extraneous reasons rather than out of a _bona fide_
desire to seek redress on behalf of the company. Such abuse must clearly be
nipped in the bud. Even if a minority shareholder did bring a derivative
action in good faith, believing (albeit erroneously) that the company had a
reasonable case against the defendant, it would not be fair to the company for
the action to be allowed to proceed further because the company would then
have to bear unnecessary costs through no fault of its own. In either case, it
is right that the court, at an early stage, examine whether the company has a
reasonable case, on a _prima facie_ basis, against the defendant before
allowing the action to proceed further.

23 This, of course, does not mean that the court at this stage should make an
extensive inquiry into the merits of the claim. Indeed, it must be remembered
that at this stage the court is merely ascertaining whether to grant leave for
an action to be brought and not trying the action itself. Rather, the court
must, having regard to the affidavits filed by both parties in support of
their claims and the evidence presented before the court, ascertain whether
the case brought in the company’s name has a semblance of merit. There is no
need to demonstrate that the case will or is likely to succeed. In this
regard, we may take a leaf out of case law relating to the statutory
derivative action. In _Agus Irawan v Toh Teck Chye_ [2002] 1 SLR(R) 471 (“
_Agus Irawan_ ”), the plaintiff applied for leave to commence a derivative
action in the name of a company pursuant to s 216A of the Act. Choo Han Teck
JC dismissed the application. In so doing, Choo JC held (at [6]–[8]) as
follows:

6 … At this stage the court need not and ought not be drawn into an
adjudication on the disputed facts. That is what a _prima facie_ legitimate or
arguable case is all about. Leave to cross-examine in such situations ought to
be sparingly granted. I need only consider the grounds and points of challenge
raised by the defendants to see if they are sufficient in themselves to
destroy the credibility of the plaintiff's propounded case without a full
scale hearing to determine who was truthful and who was not.

7 … Mr Bull referred to the decision in _Teo Gek Luang v Ng Ai Tiong_ [1998] 2
SLR(R) 426 for his argument that the phrase ‘ _prima facie_ in the interests
of the company’ means that the applicant must show a good arguable case. I set
out below the passage relied upon by counsel at [14], for ease and
convenience:

Although it was and is a piece of remedial legislation enacted to put in place
a procedure to protect the interests of minority shareholders, the
interpretation of the provisions should be purposive and I entertained some
reservation that a ‘liberal interpretation in favour of the complainant’
should be given as stated by the Ontario Court of Appeal in _Richardson
Greenshields of Canada Ltd v Kalmacoff_ (1995) 123 DLR (4th) 628, at 636.
Management decisions should generally be left to the board of directors.
Members generally cannot sue in the name of his company. A minority
shareholder could attempt to abuse the new procedure, which would be as
undesirable as the tyranny of the majority directors who unreasonably refuse
to act. The Canadian appellate court, however, at the same page went on to say
that ‘ _[b]efore granting leave, the court should be satisfied that there is a
reasonable basis for the complaint and that the action sought to be instituted
is a legitimate or arguable one’_. I agreed with this latter formulation and
adopted that approach. [emphasis added]

8 I, in turn, agree entirely with what was said in the above case. The terms
‘legitimate’ and ‘arguable’ must be given no other meaning other than what is
the common and natural one, that is, that the claim must have a reasonable
semblance of merit; not that it is bound to succeed or likely to succeed, but
that if proved the company will stand to gain substantially in money or
money’s worth. But it is axiomatic that ordinarily, legal action is best left
to the decision of the board of directors. It will not be in the interests of
a company if all shareholders are at liberty to take it to court on Quixotic
crusades.

The above approach was approved by the Court of Appeal in _Pang Yong Hock v
PKS Contracts Services Pte Ltd_ [2004] 3 SLR(R) 1 (“ _Pang Yong Hock_ ”).

24 To put the test another way, it may be said that the application ought to
be denied “if it appears that the intended action is frivolous or vexatious or
is bound to be unsuccessful”: see _Re Marc-Jay Investments Inc and Levy_
(1975) 5 OR (2d) 235 (at [237]) (“ _Marc-Jay_ ”) and _Teo Gek Luang v Ng Ai
Tiong_ [1998] 2 SLR(R) 426 (“ _Teo Gek Luang_ ”) (at [14]).

25 Although the above cited cases (_ie_ , _Agus Irawan_ , _Marc-Jay_ and _Teo
Gek Luang_) all involved the interpretation of a statutory provision, the
principles stated therein apply equally to the common law derivative action.
Whether under statute or common law, the objective behind the derivative
action is to provide an alternate voice for the corporate entity in situations
where a wrong has been done to it and the wrongdoers are the very persons who
are the usual spokespersons. However, at the same time, the court must be wary
of “backseat drivers” who attempt to control the corporate vehicle by use of a
derivative action. As was stated in _Teo Gek Luang_ (at [14]), “[a] minority
shareholder could attempt to abuse the new procedure, [and this] would be as
undesirable as the tyranny of the majority directors who unreasonably refuse
to act”. Thus, whether a derivative claim is brought under statute or common
law, the court must, from the outset, assess whether the company has a
reasonable case against the defendant for which the company may recover
damages or other relief.

26 In the present case, the plaintiff spent a large part of its submissions
explaining why NIL was entitled to the relief claimed. Save with respect to
one allegation, I found myself unable to agree with the plaintiff’s
contentions. For completeness, I shall examine each of the plaintiff’s
allegations in turn.

Assignment of Time Charter

27 The plaintiff alleged that the defendant had breached his duties to NIL by
“procuring a purported assignment of a lucrative time-charter party entered
into between [NIL] and BGP to a company owned and controlled by the Defendant,
namely NGS …”: see para (i) of the Schedule to the originating summons. The
plaintiff, however, did not make clear what exactly it was about the
assignment that it was objecting to. At different points in its submissions
and affidavits, the plaintiff seemed to make three distinct allegations.
First, the plaintiff seemed to take objection to the fact that the defendant,
as director of NIL, had somehow caused BGP to assign its rights and
liabilities under the Time Charter to NGS. Second, the plaintiff also
suggested that “the Plaintiffs and/or the Board of NIL” had not been given
notice of the assignment: see para 12 of the plaintiff’s submissions. Third,
the plaintiff, as director of NIL, approving the assignment without disclosing
his interest in NGS to the plaintiff. I will deal with the objections in the
same order.

28 The first objection is without merit. The Time Charter unequivocally states
that BGP has the right to assign the charter of the vessel to another party.
Clause 17 of the Time Charter reads as follows:

**17**. **Sublet and Assignment**

(a) __Charterers__. – The Charterers shall have the option of subletting,
assigning or loaning the Vessel to any person or company not competing with
the Owners, subject to the Owners’ prior approval which shall not be
unreasonably withheld, upon giving notice in writing to the Owners, but the
original Charterers shall always remain responsible to the Owners for due
performance of the Charter Party and contractors of the person or company
taking such subletting, assigning or loan shall be deemed contractors of the
Charterers for all the purposes of this Charter Party. The Owners make it a
Condition of such consent that additional Hire shall be paid as agreed between
the Charterers and the Owners having regard to the nature and period of any
intended service of the Vessel.

(b) If the Vessel is sublet, assigned or loaned to undertake rig anchor
handling and/or towing operations connected with equipment, other than that
used by the Charterers, then a daily increment to the Hire in the amount as
stated in Box 29 or pro rata shall be paid for the period between departure
for such operations and return to her normal duties for the Charterers.

(c) __Owners__. – The Owners may not assign or transfer any part of this
Charter Party without the written approval of the Charterers, which approval
shall not be unreasonably withheld.

Approval by the Charterers of such subletting or assignment shall not relieve
the Owners of their responsibility for due performance of the part of the
services which is sublet or assigned.

Clearly, cl 17(a) of the Time Charter provides that the option of assigning
the vessel belongs to BGP. NIL’s role, should BGP decide to assign the vessel,
is merely to give approval, which approval cannot be unreasonably withheld. If
the defendant did indeed “procure” the assignment, he did not do so _qua_
director of NIL but as controller of NGS. At the highest, the defendant, _qua_
director of NIL, merely gave approval for the assignment. It is not the
plaintiff’s case that NIL was entitled to additional hire pursuant to cl 17(a)
of the Time Charter. Hence, if the plaintiff was suggesting that the defendant
had breached his duties as a director of NIL by giving approval for the
assignment, such an assertion was not substantiated by any evidence as to why
approval, in the circumstances, ought to have been withheld.

29 Similarly, the second objection is completely untenable. The allegation was
that the plaintiff and/or the board of NIL had not been given notice of the
assignment as required under cl 17(a) of the Time Charter. However, this
obligation to provide notice lay with BGP. Hence, even if such notice was not
provided, it was a breach of BGP’s obligations to NIL, not the defendant’s
obligations _qua_ director of NIL. In any case, it appeared to me that such
notice had been given as the defendant was at all times fully aware of the
assignment.

30 I was also not persuaded by the plaintiff’s third objection. Taking the
plaintiff’s case at its highest, it was alleged that the defendant was the
controlling mind of NGS. As such, the argument was presumably that the
defendant had breached his fiduciary duties to NIL, to avoid profiting from
his position as director of NIL (the “no profit” rule) and to avoid conflicts
of interest (the “no conflict” rule).

31 In so far as the “no profit” rule is concerned, the pithy statement of law
adopted in _Walter Woon on Company Law_ ([13]  _supra_) (at para 8.38) is
apposite: unless he has provided full disclosure and obtained the informed
consent of the company, a director who acquires a benefit in connection with
this office is accountable to the company for that benefit. In _Furs Limited v
Tomkies_ (1935) 35 CLR 583, the Australian High Court explained the rationale
behind the “no profit” rule (at 592) as follows:

… no director shall obtain for himself a profit by means of _a transaction in
which he is concerned on behalf of the company_ unless all the material facts
are disclosed to the shareholders and by resolution a general meeting approves
of his doing so, or all the shareholders acquiesce. An undisclosed profit
which a director so derives _from the execution of his fiduciary duties_
belongs in equity to the company. It is no answer to the application of the
rule that the profit is of a kind which the company could not itself have
obtained, or that no loss is caused to the company by the gain of the
director. It is a principle resting upon the impossibility of allowing the
conflict of duty and interest which is involved in the pursuit of private
advantage _in the course of dealing in a fiduciary capacity_ with the affairs
of the company. If, when it is his duty to safeguard and further the interests
of the company, he _uses the occasion_ as a means of profit to himself, he
raises an opposition between the duty he has undertaken and his own self
interest, beyond which it is neither wise nor practicable for the law to look
for a criterion of liability. The consequences of such a conflict are not
discoverable. Both justice and policy are against their investigation.
[emphasis added]

Significantly, as was emphasised repeatedly in the above passage, the “no
profit” rule only applies when the director has obtained a benefit in the
course of execution of his duties, _ie_ , _qua_ director of the company and
not in any other capacity.

32 Turning now to the “no conflict” rule, it is a principle of company law
that a director is under an obligation not to place himself in a position
where the interests of the company whom he is bound to protect comes into
conflict with either his personal interest or the interest of a third party
for whom he acts: see _Walter Woon on Company Law_ (at para 8.40). The scope
of the “no conflict” rule is wide – it applies not only to situations where
there are actual conflicts of interest but also to situations where there may
_potentially_ be conflicts of interests. As described by Lord Cranworth in
_Aberdeen Rail Co v Blaikie Brothers_ [1843–60] All ER 249 (at 252):

… it is a rule of universal application that no one having such duties to
discharge shall be allowed to enter into engagements in which he has or _can
have_ a personal interest conflicting or which _possibly may conflict_ with
the interests of those whom he is bound to protect. [emphasis added]

After all, the “no conflict” rule is a prophylactic principle aimed at
avoiding the risk that the director might prefer his personal or a third
party’s interests over those of the company. Thus, it matters little that the
director did not in fact subordinate the company’s interests as long as there
is a potential that he may do so.

33 However, the “no profit” and the “no conflict” rules, while strict, are not
absolute. A director may obtain a release of his obligations under both rules
by making a full disclosure of the relevant facts to the company. As is
explained in _Walter Woon on Company Law_ (at para 8.45):

… directors are not required to be insensible to their own interests. They do
not have to live in ‘an unreal region of detached altrusim’ in which their own
interests are forgotten. Being in a position of conflict is not _per se_ a
breach of fiduciary duty; it is the failure to disclose the material facts to
the members and obtain their release that constitutes the breach.

34 In the present case, the plaintiff averred that the defendant engineered
the assignment of the Time Charter to further his personal interests. In
particular, the plaintiff alleged that the defendant was trying to profit from
an option embedded in the Time Charter for the charterer to purchase the
vessel after the charter period of three years. Clause 40 of the Time Charter
reads as follows:

**Purchase option**

The charterers have the option to Purchase the vessel with equipment for a
price of USD 5,000,000, after completion of the three years charter period.

The plaintiff’s case was that the assignment would allow the defendant, via
NGS and NMPL, to take advantage of the purchase option to buy the vessel on
the cheap, thus breaching the “no profit” rule. Further, the defendant was in
a position of conflict in giving consent to the assignment since he might
potentially profit from cl 40. The defendant, while not addressing those
allegations directly, averred that the reason for the assignment was that BGP
was dissatisfied with the physical condition of the vessel and was looking for
a way out of the Time Charter. The defendant merely facilitated this by having
NGS take over BGP’s rights and obligations under the Time Charter.

35 There is no merit to the plaintiff’s arguments. With regard to the “no
profit” rule, the opportunity to purchase the vessel was provided to the
charterer of the vessel and not to the director(s) of NIL or to the defendant.
Therefore, even if the defendant, on the expiry of the charter period, does
profit by causing NGS to take advantage of cl 40 of the Time Charter, he does
so not _qua_ director of NIL but as controller of NGS. The “no profit” rule
therefore would not be breached.

36 Addressing now the “no conflict” rule, I must first state that the
defendant’s explanation was insufficient to excuse him from having to disclose
his interest in NGS to NIL. The rationale for the “no conflict” rule lies in
the _potential_ for a conflict of interests. It does not matter that the
director has no intention of benefiting from the transaction as long as the
director _may_ profit. Hence, if the defendant may profit from the assignment
by causing NGS to take advantage of the purchase option, it behoves him to
disclose his interest in NGS to the board of directors of NIL, especially the
directors nominated by the plaintiff, before the assignment is completed.
However, it appeared to me that this interest had indeed been disclosed,
albeit informally and indirectly. From the evidence made available, it
appeared that the assignment was completed via the two documents signed on 22
September 2008 – the Notice of Assignment and the Acknowledgment of
Assignment. Prior thereto, the plaintiff’s director, Ms Tan Lay Ling, had been
informed of the assignment of the Time Charter via the 11 September e-mail. In
the same e-mail, it was also mentioned that NGS was a wholly-owned subsidiary
of NMPL. At all material times, the plaintiff was well aware that the
defendant was a director and shareholder of NMPL. Under those circumstances,
it seemed to me that the defendant’s interest in NGS, through NMPL, had been
disclosed to the plaintiff before the assignment of the Time Charter was
completed. The plaintiff made no objection at that point of time. The
plaintiff only raised its opposition to the assignment on 23 October 2008. In
other words, for more than a month, the plaintiff kept silent and did not
respond to the defendant’s disclosure. In the circumstances, it did not appear
to me open to the plaintiff belatedly to allege that the defendant had
breached his duty to disclose his interest in NGS before the completion of the
assignment.

Withholding charter hire

37 The plaintiff next alleged that the defendant withheld payment or caused
the withholding of payment of charter hire to NIL by reason of the assignment
to NGS. The payment withheld was said to amount to US$6,697,000, being charter
hire under the Time Charter for the periods January to June 2009. As with the
allegation of procurement of the assignment of the Time Charter, this
allegation was badly framed. Upon careful reading of the plaintiff’s
submissions, it appeared to me that the plaintiff was not asserting that the
defendant had withheld payment of the charter hire _per se_. Rather, the
gravamen of the plaintiff’s allegation was that the defendant blocked the
commencement of legal proceedings against BGP to recover the said charter
hire. According to the plaintiff, it had, on behalf of NIL appointed
solicitors, H A & Chung Partnership (“H A & Chung”), to take legal action
against BGP for failure to pay the charter hire for the period January to June
2009. Needless to say, this was without the defendant’s concurrence. Upon
learning of this, the defendant instructed his lawyers to write to H A & Chung
to cease and desist from taking further action against BGP and from
representing that they acted for NIL.

38 Generally, where it is contended that there was a breach of duty on the
part of a director in refusing to collect a debt owing to the company, the
court ought to examine the reason (if any) for the director’s refusal.
However, in so doing the court should not substitute its judgment for the
business decision of the director. The issue is _not_ whether the decision not
to collect the debt was the best or most appropriate business decision in the
circumstances. Rather, the question is whether the decision was made _bona
fide_ in the best interests of the company. It is not the role of the courts
to act as arbiters of management decisions by the directors unless there is
evidence of their voting power being exercised for an improper purpose or in
bad faith (_Re Tri-Circle Investment Pte Ltd_ [1993] 1 SLR(R) 441 at [4]).

39 In the present case, the defendant explained his decision for not
collecting the charter hire for the months January to June 2009 thus: After
the assignment of the Time Charter from BGP to NGS (which the plaintiff did
not recognise), NGS continued to pay the charter hire for the months of
September to December 2008. However, in December 2008, TGS decided to
terminate the seismic acquisition agreement with NGS owing to some unhappiness
with the condition of the equipment on the vessel. As a result, the vessel was
laid up at anchorage from 19 December 2008 without any employment at all. The
defendant averred that, in the light of the financial crisis at that point in
time, it was almost impossible to find alternative employment for the vessel.
On 29 January 2009, more than a month after the vessel had been laid up, the
defendant, in his capacity as a representative of NGS, wrote to the plaintiff
as follows:

Please be informed that M.V. Nordic Venturer [the vessel] is being laid up in
Singapore anchorage, since 19 December 2008 till date. The reason for the lay-
up is that TGS (seismic charterer) have cancelled the seismic Contract with
NGS.

Therefore, NGS, as the assigned charterer, would like to propose the following
solution to NIL:

NGS recognizes their responsibilities and have agreed to pay the charter hire
to NIL according to the C/P signed between NIL and BGP.

However, as there is currently no income from the Vessel, we would like to
propose that the day rate is reduced to cover the payment of the bank loan and
the Opex expenses incurred during lay-up in Singapore.

In other words, NGS would cover all and whatsoever expenses to NIL during the
time of Vessel lay-up, but without any profit element of any kind; but at the
same time ensuring that the loan to the bank, OCBC, can and will continue to
be paid in a timely manner.

Kindly revert with your confirmation and we await your positive response to
the above.

According to the defendant, NGS was entitled to a reduction of the charter
hire by virtue of cl 5(d) of the Time Charter which reads as follows:

__Laying-up of Vessel__ – The Charterers shall have the option of laying up
the Vessel at an agreed safe part [_sic_] or place for all or any portion of
the Charter Period in which case the Hire hereunder shall continue to be paid
but, if the period of Such lay-up exceeds 30 consecutive days there shall be
credited against such Hire the amount which the Owners shall reasonably have
saved by way of reduction in expenses and overheads as a result of the lay-up
of the Vessel.

However, the plaintiff, in line with their stand not to recognise the
assignment, refused to discuss a reduction of the charter hire rate. In those
circumstances, NGS stopped paying charter hire from January 2009 pending
clarification on the issue of the assignment of the Time Charter and the
payable charter hire rate. Presumably, the defendant, as director of NIL, did
not support the plaintiff’s attempt to collect the full charter hire as he too
felt NGS was contractually entitled to a reduced rate.

40 It was in respect of this argument that _prima facie_ the plaintiff’s claim
might have some merit. I agreed with the defendant that cl 5(d) of the Time
Charter afforded NGS a right to seek a reduction in the payable charter hire.
This was so if the vessel was laid-up for 30 consecutive days, which was
clearly the case by late January 2009. Even if the assignment did not take
place, BGP would be entitled to the same discount. Thus, there was no basis
for NIL to demand the full sum of US$6,697,000 from BGP. However, that did not
mean that BGP or NGS could stop paying charter hire altogether. Indeed, NGS,
in its letter of 29 January 2009 to NIL, accepted its responsibility to pay
charter hire. However, the quantum of charter hire payable had yet to be
agreed. In the circumstances, BGP or NGS should have, at least, tendered the
charter hire which it thought was reasonable. BGP or NGS could not avoid
paying any charter hire for six whole months while still having the vessel at
its disposal. While NIL might not be able to recover the full sum of
US$6,697,000, it would, in any case, be awarded some damages as a result of
BGP or NGS’s failure to pay any charter hire. Accordingly, the defendant’s
refusal to approve of the legal proceedings against BGP was unlikely to have
been in NIL’s best interests. Such reticence, to my mind, could perhaps be
explained by the distinct possibility that BGP would seek to be indemnified by
NGS for any damages and costs awarded against itself.

41 Therefore, _prima facie_ , NIL has a reasonable cause of action against the
defendant for his refusal to support legal proceedings against BGP. However,
to be clear, I am not in any way pre-judging the merits of NIL’s case against
the defendant in this respect. My decision is merely limited to the view that,
on a _prima facie_ assessment of the evidence adduced before me, NIL has a
cause of action which has some chance of success.

Profiting from the sale of the vessel

42 A baseless allegation launched against the defendant was that he had
breached his duties as a director of NIL by “profiting or intending to profit
from the sale of the vessel after the completion of the 3 year charter period
at the discounted amount of USD5,000,000.00 ...”: see para (iii) of the
Schedule to the originating summons. This argument overlaps with part of the
objection regarding the assignment of the Time Charter and has been addressed
at [30]–[36] above.

Auditing discrepancies

43 The plaintiff also alleged that an audit conducted by the plaintiff of
NMPL’s management of the vessel revealed several discrepancies. In sum, these
accusations were regarding overpayment of various charges and expenses. As
before, these allegations had nothing to do with the defendant in his capacity
as a director of NIL. Even if the allegations were well-founded, they merely
provide NIL a cause of action against NMPL, and not the defendant.

Misappropriation of funds

44 As previously mentioned (at [9] above), another source of unhappiness lay
in an alleged misappropriation of US$400,000 that the defendant had loaned to
another entity without the plaintiff’s approval. However, what is significant
is that the US$400,000 had earlier been properly transferred to NMPL to meet
operating expenses for the vessel. Hence, even if the defendant had caused the
US$400,000 to be transferred out of NMPL without authorisation, he did so as
director of NMPL, not as director of NIL. As such, any claim NIL might have in
this regard would be against NMPL.

Failure to provide information

45 The last allegation laid at the door of the defendant was the assertion
that he had failed to provide information to the plaintiff regarding various
matters when queried, including information regarding a payment to an entity
known as Eagle Clarc. This, as before, was not a failure for which NIL could
claim against the defendant for breach of duties _qua_ director. If anything,
this would, at the most, found a claim by the plaintiff against the defendant
to enforce the plaintiff’s rights as a member of NIL. It is patent that NIL
would not be the party seeking information regarding itself.

Summary on entitlement to relief

46 In sum therefore, on a _prima facie_ assessment of the evidence, none, save
one, of the plaintiff’s allegations against the defendant was made out. In
respect of the sole exception, _viz_ , the allegation that the defendant had
breached his duty as a director of NIL by refusing to support legal
proceedings taken out against BGP, NIL may have a reasonable case against the
defendant.

Locus standi

47 Given the foregoing conclusion that NIL may be entitled to some relief in
respect of the defendant’s refusal to allow legal proceedings to be taken out
against BGP, it is now necessary to ascertain if the plaintiff has the _locus
standi_ to commence a derivative action in the name of NIL. In 1982, the
English Court of Appeal, in _Prudential Assurance (CA)_ ([12]  _supra_),
summed up the rule in _Foss v Harbottle_ (as well as its exceptions) (at
210–211) thus:

(1) The proper plaintiff in an action in respect of a wrong alleged to be done
to a corporation is, prima facie, the corporation. (2) Where the alleged wrong
is a transaction which might be made binding on the corporation and on all its
members by a simple majority of the members, no individual member of the
corporation is allowed to maintain an action in respect of that matter,
because if the majority confirms the transaction, _cadit quaestio_ [the
question is at an end]; or, if the majority challenges the transaction, there
is no valid reason why the company should not sue. (3) There is no room for
the operation of the rule if the alleged wrong is ultra vires the corporation,
because the majority of members cannot confirm the transaction. (4) There is
also no room for the operation of the rule if the transaction complained of
could be validly done or sanctioned only by a special resolution or the like,
because a simple majority cannot confirm a transaction which requires the
concurrence of a greater majority. (5) There is an exception to the rule where
what has been done amounts to fraud and the wrongdoers are themselves in
control of the company.

The above passage represents the orthodox understanding of the rule in _Foss v
Harbottle_ and has been accepted locally in _Ting Sing Ning_ ([14]  _supra_)
(at [12]).

Fraud on the minority exception

48 Of the three “exceptions” cited by the Court of Appeal in _Prudential
Assurance (CA)_ to the rule in _Foss v Harbottle_ (see points (3)–(5) in [47]
above), only point (5) is a true exception. This exception is also known as
the “fraud on the minority” exception. The others (_ie_ , points (3) and (4))
are not true exceptions as they involve situations where the rule in _Foss v
Harbottle_ does not even apply. Where the “fraud on the minority” exception is
concerned (see _Prudential Assurance (CA)_ at 211):

… the rule is relaxed in favour of the aggrieved minority, who are allowed to
bring a minority shareholders’ action on behalf of themselves and all others.
The reason for this is that, if they were denied that right, their grievance
could never reach the court because the wrongdoers themselves, being in
control, would not allow the company to sue.

There are, then, two constituent elements to this exception: fraud and
control.

Fraud

49 What is meant by “fraud” for the purposes of establishing the “fraud on the
minority” exception has been the subject of some controversy and much academic
debate. Given that the resolution of the present application did not turn on
this issue, I shall not attempt to set out at length the substance of the
debate. The following summary will suffice.

50 The orthodox school of thought defines “fraud” by distinguishing between
two different types of wrongs perpetrated against the company – ratifiable
wrongs and unratifiable wrongs. In so far as ratifiable wrongs are concerned,
no question of a derivative action arises as such wrongs may be ratified by a
resolution passed by the shareholders of the company. In contrast, the nature
of unratifiable wrongs is so egregious that no ratification is possible. Such
unratifiable wrongs, therefore, constitute a “fraud on the minority” by virtue
of their very nature; the “fraud” is one that inheres in the act giving rise
to a breach of duty by the directors. The difficulty, of course, is
determining where the demarcation lies between ratifiable wrongs and
unratifiable wrongs. It is clear from case law that a case of dishonesty or
cheating by a director would qualify as an unratifiable wrong: see _Burland v
Earle_ [1902] AC 83 (at 93). The ambit of unratifiable wrongs also extends
beyond dishonesty and cheating: see _Estmanco (Kilner House) Ltd v Greater
London Council_ [1982] 1 WLR 2 (at 12). However, it is unclear how far beyond
actual dishonesty it would extend.

51 Given these difficulties, a different way of understanding the term “fraud”
was propounded by Vinelott J in _Prudential Assurance Co Ltd v Newman
Industries Ltd (No 2)_ [1981] Ch 257 (“ _Prudential Assurance (HC)_ ”). That
case involved two senior directors, Bartlett and Laughton, of two companies,
Thomas Poole & Gladstone China Ltd (“TPG”) and Newman Industries Ltd
(“Newman”). Bartlett and Laughton were also shareholders of Newman but they,
on their own, did not have voting control at the shareholder level. However,
they also had control of TPG which held 25.6% of the shares of Newman. If this
25.6% was added to shares held in their own name, Bartlett and Laughton would
have voting control of Newman. TPG was in financial difficulties and, in order
to alleviate those difficulties, Bartlett and Laughton arranged for Newman to
purchase the main assets of TPG at a gross over-valuation. In accordance with
Stock Exchange requirements, the consent of the shareholders of Newman was
required before such a transaction could be completed. This was obtained by a
“tricky and misleading circular” (_Prudential Assurance (HC)_ at 263)
disseminated to the shareholders. The Prudential Assurance, a corporate
minority shareholder in Newman, claimed damages against Bartlett, Laughton and
TPG. In deciding the case for the Prudential Assurance, Vinelott J eschewed
the orthodox ratifiable wrong/unratifiable wrong dichotomy. Instead, for
Vinelott J, the term “fraud”, as understood in the context of the rule in
_Foss v Harbottle_ , refers to a composite of the breach of director’s duties
and the attempt to stifle action by the company in respect of the breach by
“means of manipulation” within the company: see _Prudential Assurance (HC)_
(at 325). Indeed,“[t]he ‘fraud’ lies in [the errant directors’/shareholders’]
use of their voting power, not in the character of the act or transaction
giving rise to the cause of action”: see _Prudential Assurance (HC)_ (at 307).
Thus, any wrong committed by a director, if accompanied by an improper attempt
to stifle an attempt by the company to obtain redress in respect of that
wrong, may amount to “fraud”.

52 This approach by Vinelott J was certainly novel and prompted strong
responses, both for and against. The Court of Appeal in _Prudential Assurance
(CA)_ refrained from commenting on the above approach but overturned Vinelott
J’s decision on other grounds. In Singapore, the Court of Appeal in _Ting Sing
Ning_ restated the orthodox understanding of “fraud” without considering
Vinelott J’s approach. This is understandable since the main issue in _Ting
Sing Ning_ was whether the majority shareholders had the requisite control
rather than whether there was fraud and _Prudential Assurance (HC)_ was not
cited to the Court of Appeal. As such, it seems to me that the meaning of
“fraud” as an exception to the rule in _Foss v Harbottle_ is still amenable to
further consideration.

53 However, as indicated earlier, further cogitation on the meaning of fraud
was unnecessary in the present case given that it was inappropriate for the
court to grant leave to commence a derivative action in the circumstances: see
[60]–[71] below. Suffice it to say that for present purposes, I would take the
view that “fraud” is made out on the facts of this case as the defendant had,
_prima facie_ , prevented legal action from being taken out against BGP for
the recovery of charter hire in order to protect his own interests in NGS.

54 At this point, I pause briefly to address a contention raised on behalf of
the defendant. Counsel for the defendant argued, relying on _Walter Woon on
Company Law_ ([13]  _supra_), that it was necessary for the plaintiff to show
that a benefit to the defendant was obtained at the expense of NIL or that NIL
suffered some loss or detriment before an exception to the rule in _Foss v
Harbottle_ may be established. In _Walter Woon on Company Law_ , it was argued
as follows:

**9.47** Although no judge has yet pronounced on this matter authoritatively,
there are dicta in cases from which a general rule regarding fraud on the
minority might be drawn. It is suggested that in order to establish an
exception to the rule in _Foss v Harbottle_ on the ground of fraud on the
minority, the following must be shown:

(1) that the majority obtained some sort of benefit;

(2) _that the benefit was obtained at the expense of the company or that some
loss or detriment was caused to the company_ ; and

(3) that the majority used their controlling power to prevent an action being
brought against them by the company.

[emphasis added]

Elaborating upon criterion (2), the learned authors of _Walter Woon on Company
Law_ , at para 9.54, later argued:

**9.54** … if the company has suffered no loss, it is hard to see why the
majority should not be allowed to forgive a breach of duty. Thus, if a
director breaches his duty to the company and is called to account, on
principle it should be open to the members to ratify that breach.

In the present case, it was contended that NIL did not suffer any loss as NGS
was more than willing to fulfil the charterer’s obligations under the Time
Charter on behalf of BGP, including payment of the charter hire. Furthermore,
any benefit acquired by the defendant by virtue of cl 40, which allowed the
charterer the option to purchase the vessel at the end of the charter period,
was not obtained at the expense of NIL since it was NIL itself which agreed to
confer this right on the charterer. For this reason, the defendant submitted
that the plaintiff’s application could not succeed.

55 Whether the proposition contended for – that it was necessary for a
minority shareholder to show that a benefit to the majority shareholder was
obtained at the expense of the company or that the company suffered some loss
or detriment before an exception to the rule in _Foss v Harbottle_ may be
established – is accurate depends on what the meaning of “fraud” for the
purposes of the “fraud on the minority” exception is. As I have explained, the
latter issue is not settled. If the orthodox ratifiable wrong/unratifiable
wrong dichotomy is adopted, counsel for the defendant may well be right as it
would be hard to imagine a wrongdoing by a director which results in neither
loss to the company nor benefit to the director as being unratifiable.
However, if Vinelott J’s understanding of fraud is adopted, then the
proposition would be inaccurate as the “fraud on the minority” exception may
still be made out _regardless of the type of wrongdoing committed_. Since I
was disinclined to exercise my discretion in favour of the application (see
[61]–[71] below), it is not necessary for me to deal with the defendant’s
argument. Besides, it is arguable that NIL had indeed suffered some loss when
the defendant blocked litigation proceedings from being instituted against
BGP. This was the loss of charter hire withheld by BGP and/or NGS after
December 2008.

Control

56 The issue of control is not nearly as controversial as that of fraud.
However, a few brief remarks are still pertinent. In _Prudential Assurance
(HC)_ ([51]  _supra_), the question whether Bartlett and Laughton had the
requisite control over Newman arose for consideration since Bartlett and
Laughton, not having in aggregate more than 50% Newman shares between them,
did not have voting control. Vinelott J decided (at 274) to take a “substance
over form” approach and decided that control existed:

… where it can be shown that it would be fraudulent for those in control to
prevent an action being brought against themselves. It is necessary to show
that it would be futile to ask the company in general meeting to decide,
because one knows in advance what the answer would be.

Hence, Vinelott J departed from a purely numerical yardstick for assessing
control of a company. In fact, Vinelott J extended “the notion of control to
matters other than voting, such as monopoly of information and the use of
managerial vetoes over litigation …”: see G R Sullivan, “Restating the Scope
of the Derivative Action” [1985] CLJ 236 at 246. This approach has been lauded
as a “recognition of corporate realities” and “[f]or that breakthrough,
Vinelott J must be respectfully congratulated”: see K W Wedderburn,
“Derivative Actions and _Foss v Harbottle_ ” (1981) 44 MLR 202.

57 Although the English Court of Appeal in _Prudential Assurance (CA)_ ([12]
_supra_), did not adopt Vinelott J’s notion of “control”, it did expand the
concept of “control” somewhat when it held (at 219) that it:

… embraces a broad spectrum extending from an overall absolute majority of
votes at one end, to a majority of votes at the other end made up of those
likely to be cast by the delinquent himself _plus those voting with him as a
result of influence or apathy_. [emphasis added]

The same approach was adopted by the Singapore Court of Appeal in _Ting Sing
Ning_ ([14]  _supra_). In that case, the issue was whether the respondents had
an absolute majority of the votes. This would be so only if the shares
belonging to the first respondent’s sister (some 10%) was added to their
total. Reversing the trial judge, the Court of Appeal held that the sister’s
shares had to be added to the respondent’s shares in ascertaining “control”
since the sister’s shares had been given to her by the first respondent and
the sister had an indirect interest in preventing litigation. Both the English
Court of Appeal and the Singapore Court of Appeal resolved their cases without
addressing the issue whether one may have “control” of a company without
having a majority of the votes howsoever the majority may be determined. This
may be explained by the fact that, in both cases, it was not directly in issue
whether an ability to suppress litigation without resort to voting power would
suffice as “control”.

58 In the present case, in reliance upon both _Prudential Assurance (CA)_ and
_Ting Sing Ning_ , the defendant argued that “the main determining factor
whether an alleged wrongdoer had control over the company is … his ability to
garner votes amounting to more than 50% of the shareholding in the company”.
As the defendant had only 50% of the shareholding in NIL, it was argued that
the defendant did not possess the requisite control.

59 In my view, while shareholding (including shares that the errant
director/shareholder may be able to garner outside of his own shares) would be
an obvious way of determining control, it should not be the sole determinant.
In reality, controllers of companies often exercise control without resort to
voting power. The crucial question, to my mind, is not whether the defendant
had the requisite shareholding but whether the defendant was able to prevent
an action from being brought against him. As such, I would incline towards the
“substance over form” approach adopted by Vinelott J. After all, the crux of
the matter is whether the errant director was able to suppress an action
against himself _qua_ director. This was also the approach adopted by the
English Court of Appeal in _Barrett v Duckett_ [1995] BCC 243 (“ _Barrett_ ”).
In that case, like the present, both the plaintiff and the first defendant
held 50% shares in the company. Although the plaintiff’s attempt to bring a
derivative action was eventually struck out, Peter Gibson LJ held, on the
issue of control, as follows (at 250):

Although Mrs Barrett [the plaintiff] is not a minority shareholder but a
person holding the same number of shares as the other shareholder, Christopher
[the first defendant], in the circumstances of this case she can be treated as
being under the same disability as a minority shareholder in that as a
practical matter it would not have been possible for her to set the company in
motion to bring the action.

The above statement was approved by our Court of Appeal in _Pang Yong Hock_
([23]  _supra_) (at [36]), albeit in the context of a statutory derivative
action. In the instant case, the issue whether the defendant had requisite
control could not be resolved given that, in the first place, the question was
as yet unanswered who in NIL had the authority to decide whether the company
should take out a civil action against the defendant. As I will explain (at
[61]–[68] below), the plaintiff’s application was premature and it may be that
the agreement of directors appointed by the defendant is not needed for NIL to
take out an action against the defendant. If so, no question of control
arises.

Exercise of discretion

60 I now turn to the issues which were determinative of this application.
Counsel for the defendant argued that even if the fraud on the minority
exception was made out, the plaintiff’s application should not be allowed for
two further reasons. First, it was argued that if there were alternative
remedies available to the plaintiff to seek redress instead of commencing a
derivative action, the plaintiff had first to resort to those alternative
remedies. Second, counsel for the defendant also submitted that a minority
shareholder ought not be allowed to bring a derivative action if, in so doing,
he was not acting _bona fide_ in the best interests of the company but rather
to further an ulterior motive. Those arguments find support in _Shareholders’
Rights_ (Sweet & Maxwell, 5th Ed, 2007) where the learned author states (at
para 6-27) as follows:

Since a derivative action is a remedy fashioned by equity to ensure that a
claim to remedy a wrong done to the company is not stifled improperly, the
court has a wide discretion in deciding whether and on what terms to permit
the derivative action to proceed. The claimant must come to court with ‘clean
hands’, and the court will have regard to all the circumstances, particularly
the availability of other remedies and the claimant’s motives.

Similarly, in the case of _Barrett_ , Peter Gibson LJ stated (at [250]) as
follows:

The shareholder will be allowed to sue on behalf of the company if he is
bringing the action bona fide for the benefit of the company for wrongs to the
company for which no other remedy is available. Conversely, if the action is
brought for an ulterior purpose or if another adequate remedy is available,
the court will not allow the derivative action to proceed.

In _Portfolios of Distinction Ltd v Laird_ [2005] BCC 216, the English High
Court determined that the two conditions stated above by Peter Gibson LJ had
to be read conjunctively. In other words, if an applicant failed to satisfy
either condition, the court should generally not exercise its discretion to
grant leave to start a derivative action, even if the fraud on the minority
exception was made out.

Alternative remedies

61 The whole foundation of the “fraud on the minority” exception rests on the
premise that without such a procedural device justice would not be done. Thus,
the necessity of a derivative action must be established before such an action
should be allowed to be brought before the courts. If there is an adequate
remedy available to the minority shareholder, he should generally not be
allowed to resort to a derivative action. This is because a derivative action
derogates from the general company law principle that company decisions should
be decided by the majority. Hence, before any derogation is allowed, it must
first be shown that such derogation is necessary to further the cause of
justice. Lord Blanesburgh, delivering the judgment of the Privy Council,
explained this principle in _Ferguson v Wallbridge_ [1935] 3 DLR 66 (at 83) as
follows:

The permissibility of the form of proceeding thus assumed [a derivative
action], where the company is a going concern, is an excellent illustration of
the golden principle that procedure with its rules is the handmaid and not the
mistress of justice. The form of action so authorised is necessitated by the
fact that in the case of such a claim as was successfully made by the
plaintiff in _Cook_ v _Deeks_ — and there is at least a family likeness
between that case and this – justice would be denied to him if the mere
possession of the company’s seal in the hands of his opponents were to prevent
the assertion at his instance of the corporate rights of the company as
against them. But even in the case of a going company **_a minority
shareholder is not entitled to proceed in a representative action if he is
unable to show when challenged that he has exhausted every effort to secure
the joinder of the company as plaintiff and has failed. But cessante ratione
legis, cessat lex ipsa [when the reason for the law ceases, the law itself
ceases]_**. [emphasis added in bold italics]

62 However, the Court of Appeal in _Ting Sing Ning_ ([14]  _supra_) appeared
to add a gloss to the above principle. In that case, the second respondent
argued that the appellant should not be allowed to bring a common law
derivative action because the company in question, Havilland, had two
alternative courses of action. The first was that Havilland could be wound up
as the shareholders had expressed their agreement to such a course of action.
The other was that the appellant was free to pursue an oppression action
available under s 168A of the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance (Cap 32) given
that Havilland was a company incorporated in Hong Kong. The Court of Appeal
dismissed both arguments. In so far as the first was concerned, the Court of
Appeal opined that it was unclear that the “authority” which the respondents
relied upon, _Pang Yang Hock_ ([23]  _supra_), established the principle that
when the remedy of a winding up is available, the court should not entertain
any application to pursue a s 216A action, however meritorious it might be. I
respectfully agree. Indeed, the proposition advanced by the second respondent
was far too broad-brushed. While a winding up might sometimes be the solution
to contention between the disputants, it is not difficult to imagine cases
where winding up would be to the detriment of the minority, especially if the
majority could re-group thereafter and set up a new company to undertake very
much the same business as before.

63 In regard to the second alternative, the Court of Appeal held as follows
(at [30]):

As regards the second alternative of an action for oppression under the Hong
Kong equivalent of s 216, the respondents have not shown us why it affords the
best solution to the dispute or that it is a better remedy for the appellant.
To begin with, the appellant is not alleging that he has been oppressed, but
that the respondents have used Havilland’s funds in breach of their duty as
directors. Furthermore, an oppression action will require the appellant to
start all over again, not in Singapore but in Hong Kong under the Hong Kong
companies’ legislation, resulting in even more delay to the resolution of the
present dispute. Delay is one of the grounds on which the respondents have
argued that this court should not give leave to the appellant to commence the
derivative action.

The Court of Appeal in _Ting Sing Ning_ accordingly allowed the appeal,
thereby granting the appellant liberty to bring a derivative action on behalf
of Havilland.

64 At first blush, the passage quoted in [63] above does not appear to sit
well with the established position that a derivative action must be
_necessary_ before leave is granted for such action to be brought. (This is
the apparent gloss I referred to in [62] above.) However, it seems to me that
the Court of Appeal in _Ting Sing Ning_ was merely emphasising that the
alternative has to be viable. References to “the best solution” and “a better
remedy” were, in my estimation, purely rhetorical. The alternative remedy of
an oppression action suggested by the second respondent in _Ting Sing Ning_ ,
apart from being neither “the best solution” nor “a better remedy”, was
clearly not viable as the appellant did not allege that he had been oppressed.
Moreover, it would have entailed considerable delay and expense. It is in such
context that the decision must be understood. The Court of Appeal was not, to
my mind, stipulating that the alternative remedy be better than a derivative
action, nor even more convenient, before it would preclude the plaintiff from
pursuing a derivative action; the alternative remedy need only be a real
option for the plaintiff. If the Court of Appeal had intended to depart from
the traditional position, it would have taken pains to make its intention
clear.

65 In the present case, it was argued on behalf of the defendant that the
Shareholders’ Agreement provided for arbitration as a forum for dispute
resolution between the plaintiff and the defendant. This was an alternative
remedy which was available to the plaintiff. Clause 16.2 of the Shareholders’
Agreement read as follows:

All and any dispute arising out of or in connection with this agreement
including any question regarding its existence, validity or termination, shall
be referred to and finally resolved by arbitration at the Singapore
International Arbitration Centre (“SIAC”) in accordance with the Arbitration
Rules of the Singapore International Arbitration Centre (‘SIAC Rules’) for the
time being in force at the commencement of the arbitration, which rules are
deemed to be incorporated by reference to this clause.

66 In fact, an interpretation of the Shareholders’ Agreement was not as
straightforward as the defendant made it out to be. As was reproduced in [5]
above, the distribution of management decisions was convoluted and not easily
understood. On the one hand, cl 6.7 of the Shareholders’ Agreement states that
decisions are, generally, to be made by majority vote, save for certain
matters which require unanimous consent. On the other, cl 8 stipulates that
all technical matters, in general, are within the sole purview of the
directors “appointed” by the defendant while all financial matters, in
general, are to be decided by the directors “appointed” by the plaintiff. It
is not easy to reconcile these clauses which seem to cover overlapping subject
matter. To further complicate matters, cl 11 of the Shareholders’ Agreement
provides for the breaking of a deadlock only in respect of certain matters.
These are, in summary, matters which require the unanimous approval of the
board of directors or shareholders. In relation to these matters, the
representative of each party should use his reasonable endeavours to resolve
the dispute, failing which the defendant may require the plaintiff to sell its
shares in NIL to the defendant at a fair price. All this is in addition to the
dispute resolution provision referred to by the defendant.

67 In the present case, the defendant argued that “the allegations brought by
the Plaintiffs against the Defendant could and should be resolved via the
Shareholders’ Agreement which provides for arbitration as a dispute resolution
forum”. This is not true in respect of the only allegation relevant in the
present case – that the defendant had breached his fiduciary duties in not
supporting the plaintiff’s attempt to take out legal proceedings against BGP
for failure to pay charter hire. The cause of action arising from such
allegation belongs to NIL, not the plaintiff. As such, the Shareholders’
Agreement which sets out the rights and liabilities between shareholders of
NIL, does not govern that dispute.

68 However, in the present case, the arbitration clause may be useful in
another way. The issue before the board of directors was whether to bring an
action against the defendant for breach of fiduciary duties. Given the
uncertainty in the Shareholders’ Agreement, it is difficult to determine
whether such a decision fell within the exclusive purview of the directors
“appointed” by plaintiff or required the majority or unanimous approval of the
board. Any disagreement as to how this issue was to be decided should first be
determined by arbitration in accordance with cl 16.2 of the Shareholders’
Agreement. It may well be that the arbitrator(s) decide that this matter is
one within the exclusive purview of the directors appointed by the plaintiff,
in which case no derivative action would be necessary. Moreover, if the
arbitrator finds that the matter is one which requires the unanimous approval
of the all directors, the defendant may elect to invoke the deadlock-breaking
provision of cl 11 and force a buyout of the plaintiff’s shares, thus
rendering a derivative action redundant again. It is only in respect of the
following situations that the possibility of a derivative action would arise:

(a) the arbitrator finds that the matter is one within the exclusive purview
of the directors appointed by the defendant and these directors, without good
reason, refuse to bring an action against the defendant;

(b) the arbitrator finds that the matter is one that has to be decided by a
majority vote and the directors appointed by the defendant refuse, without
good reason, to support the commencement of an action against the defendant;
and

(c) (although the arbitrator finds that the matter is one requiring unanimity)
the directors appointed by the defendant refuse, without good reason, to
support the bringing of legal proceedings and the defendant refuses to
activate the buyout clause.

Until one of these situations has arisen, the plaintiff’s application is
premature.

Bona fides

69 Finally, it must be remembered that the derivative action is an equitable
device, used to alleviate the harshness which on occasion may result from a
strict application of the rule in _Foss v Harbottle_. Accordingly, the maxim
“he who comes to equity must come with clean hands” applies. It follows that
he who seeks to use a derivative action must do so in the best interests of
the company and not for some ulterior purpose. In this regard, the words of
Lawton LJ in _Nurcombe v Nurcombe_ (1984) 1 BCC 99,269 (at 99,273) are
apposite:

It is pertinent to remember, however, that a minority shareholder’s action in
form is nothing more than a procedural device for enabling the court to do
justice to a company controlled by miscreant directors or shareholders. Since
the procedural device has evolved so that justice can be done for the benefit
of the company, whoever comes forward to start the proceedings must be doing
so for the benefit of the company and not for some other purpose. It follows
that the court has to satisfy itself that the person coming forward is a
proper person to do so.

This statement was cited with approval in _Barrett_ ([59]  _supra_) (at
[250)]. In the present case, the defendant alleged that the plaintiff was
seeking to bring a derivative action in the name of the company for purely
self-serving reasons. In para 63 of his affidavit filed on 20 November 2009,
the defendant wrote:

In view of the fact that the Vessel was laid up for such a long period of
time, which affected the profitability of the Vessel, I verily believe that
this present application by the Plaintiff is an attempt to use NIL’s funds in
order to oppress me in a protracted legal proceedings. I believe that the
Plaintiffs’ ultimate purpose is not to benefit NIL but rather to take control
of NIL, or for some other ulterior motive.

As I mentioned earlier, cl 11 of the Shareholders’ Agreement is a deadlock-
breaking provision. It is impractical to reproduce the entire clause (which
runs to almost three pages). The gist of the clause, however, is as follows.
In the event of a “deadlock”, defined as a situation where the board of
directors of NIL fail to decide on a matter requiring the unanimous approval
of the board, both the plaintiff and the defendant are to use their reasonable
endeavours to resolve the dispute. If a resolution is not arrived at within 30
days, then (at cl 11.3):

… MORTEN INNHAUG may serve a written notice on SINWA … to sell its shares
together with all its or their rights under any shareholders’ loan to MORTEN
INNHAUG at a price to be determined and certified by the auditors as being the
fair value of the shares at the date of service of such notice based on the
net asset value of NIL on such date.

The defendant alleged that the plaintiff, being dissatisfied with the
possibility of being bought out at fair value, was seeking to force the
defendant, on pain of litigation, to purchase its shares in NIL at a higher
price.

70 On the basis of the evidence before me, it appeared that the plaintiff had
not laid all its cards on the table. To my mind, the plaintiff might not have
disclosed its real motive for bringing a derivative action in the name of NIL.
Its main grouse against the defendant appeared to be in relation to the
defendant’s role in the assignment of the Time Charter from BGP to NGS.
However, the plaintiff’s unhappiness with the assignment could not be easily
understood. While it is true that BGP remained primarily liable to NIL for the
payment of charter hire even with the assignment, it is difficult to imagine
why NIL should object to being paid by NGS instead of BGP, as long as the
charter hire was paid. Indeed, for four months, from September to December
2008, NGS faithfully paid the charter hire on behalf of BGP, and neither NIL
nor the plaintiff saw the need to return the charter hire to NGS. Thus, that
the plaintiff would subsequently cite the assignment as its main basis for
bringing a derivative action against the defendant seemed to me to be
contrived. In so far as the outstanding charter hire from January to June 2009
was concerned, the plaintiff’s behaviour did not appear reasonable either.
While NIL had accepted charter hire from NGS from September to December 2008
without demurrer, when NGS later tried to negotiate for a lower charter hire
rate, which it was entitled to under the Time Charter, the plaintiff flatly
refused to enter into any discussion whatsoever. That stand did not appear to
be one which a director acting in the best interests of the company could
take. Again, the plaintiff’s motives may be called into question with regard
to cl 40 of the Time Charter. At all material times, the plaintiff had known
that the Time Charter gave the charterer an option, at the end of the charter
period, to purchase the vessel. In fact, according to the defendant, this had
been taken into account in calculating the charter hire payable. It was
therefore strange that the plaintiff took objection to NGS becoming entitled,
by reason of the assignment, to purchase the vessel at the end of the charter
period. With respect to these and other allegations, the plaintiff appeared to
me to be throwing everything but the kitchen sink at the defendant.

71 Hence, I was of the view that in bringing the application for leave to
commence a derivative action, more likely than not, the plaintiff was not
acting _bona fide_ in the best interests of NIL. It was not for me to go
beyond that to speculate on the real motive behind the plaintiff’s actions.
For the purposes of the application before me, it sufficed that I was of the
view that the application was not _bona_ fide in the interests of NIL.

Summary

72 In sum therefore, the plaintiff’s application for leave to commence a
derivative action against the defendant was dismissed as the plaintiff had
failed:

(a) to follow the proper procedure in taking out a derivative action;

(b) to exhaust alternative remedies available to it; and

(c) to bring the action in good faith.

Costs of S$6,500 were awarded to the defendant.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 24 May 2010 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

