Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Monetary Authority of Singapore _v_ Lew Chee Fai Kevin  
[2010] SGHC 166

Case Number| :| Suit No 71 of 2009  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 27 May 2010  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Lai Siu Chiu J  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Cavinder Bull SC, Yarni Loi and Gerui Lim (Drew & Napier
LLC) for the plaintiff; Thio Shen Yi SC, Leow Yuan An Clara Vivien and
Charmaine Kong (TSMP Law Corporation) for the defendant.  
Parties| :|  Monetary Authority of Singapore — Lew Chee Fai Kevin  
  
[LawNet Editorial Note: The appeal to this decision in Civil Appeal No 123 of
2010 was dismissed by the Court of Appeal on 1 March 2011. See [2012] SGCA
12.]

27 May 2010| Judgment reserved.  
---|---  
  
Lai Siu Chiu J:

1 The present suit arose out of a share transaction that was entered into by
the defendant, Kevin Lew Chee Fai (“Lew”), who was a senior employee of WBL
Corporation Limited (“WBL”). In Suit No 71 of 2009 (“S 71/2009”), the Central
Bank of Singapore _viz_ the Monetary Authority of Singapore (“MAS”) is
claiming payment of a civil penalty from Lew under s 232(2), read with s 218,
of the Securities and Futures Act (Cap 289, 2006 Rev Ed) (the “SFA”), for
insider trading. Lew had brought a claim in a separate suit, Suit 129 of 2008
(“S 129/2008”), for specific performance of the issuance of shares under WBL’s
Executive Share Option Scheme. S 71/2009 was originally commenced in the
Subordinate Courts (as MAS’ claim was for less than $250,000) but for
expediency, it was transferred to the High Court to be tried together with S
129/2008 before the same judge. The evidence in S 71/2009 was to form part of
the evidence in S 129/2008, and _vice versa_. This judgment, however, will
only deal with the merits of S 71/2009.

The facts

WBL

2 WBL is a public company listed on the Singapore Exchange Ltd (“SGX”). In
2007, it had about 90 active subsidiaries. WBL’s principal activities are in
Technology Manufacturing, Automotive Distribution, Technology Solutions and
Investments. The Technology Manufacturing division consists of, _inter alia_ ,
a Flexible Printed Circuits business (“FPC”) and a Precision Engineering Unit.
At the material time, WBL had a number of subsidiaries under its FPC business,
including Multi-Fineline Electronix Inc (“M-Flex”) and MFS Technology Ltd
(“MFS”). M-Flex was listed on the SGX while MFS was a company listed on
NASDAQ, an American securities exchange. WBL held approximately 75% of the
issued shares in MFS and 55% of the issued shares in M-Flex. While WBL did not
manage MFS and M-Flex on a daily basis, it had nominee directors sitting on
the Board of Directors of both companies. Another subsidiary of WBL was
Wearnes Precision (Thailand) Limited (“WPT”), a company belonging to WBL’s
Precision Engineering unit with operations in Thailand.

3 At the material time, WBL’s senior management comprised of Tan Choon Seng
(“CS Tan”) its Chief Executive Officer (“CEO”), Wong Hein Jee (“Wong” who is
also known as Lester) the Chief Financial Officer (“CFO”), Lew (the Group
General Manager for Enteprise Risk Management at the time) and Tan Swee
Hong(“Swee Hong”), WBL’s Company Secretary and Group General Manager for Legal
and Compliance. Lew, an accountant by training, joined WBL in 1998 as its
Group Financial Controller and became the equivalent of the CFO in 2002. He
became WBL’s Group General Manager in 2006. Soh Yew Hock (“Soh”) was a Non-
Independent and Executive Director of WBL between 1994 and July 2007. CS Tan,
Wong and Swee Hong testified for MAS and WBL while Soh was Lew’s witness.

4 It would be useful, at this juncture, to provide some background on how WBL
operated. When CS Tan took over as WBL’s CEO in December 2004, he instituted
the Group Management Council (“GMC”) to support WBL’s Board of Directors in
strategic, operational and financial matters. The GMC would typically meet
every Monday at 8.30am (the “GMC Meeting”). These GMC Meetings were chaired by
CS Tan and attended by members of the GMC and WBL’s senior management. At the
material time, the GMC Meetings alternated, on a weekly basis, between
operational meetings (where operational matters and strategy were discussed)
and financial meetings (where financial forecasts of WBL’s performance were
provided). On a number of occasions, CS Tan informed the attendees of GMC
Meetings that the information presented and discussed at the meetings was
confidential.

5 At the GMC meetings, it was common for financial forecasts to be presented
by WBL’s finance department through Microsoft Powerpoint presentation slides.
Most of WBL subsidiaries (save for the smaller ones) would submit a forecast
to their respective division heads, who would in turn submit their forecasts
to WBL. Wong’s evidence was that most of WBL’s subsidiaries had a qualified
accountant and that the closer the forecasts were made and submitted towards
the end of each quarter, the greater their accuracy in their reflection of the
figures for that quarter. These Microsoft Powerpoint presentation slides were
not distributed to the attendees of GMC Meetings due to their confidential
nature.

6 Lew’s position was that these GMC Meetings were not taken seriously by WBL’s
senior management. He claimed that: (a) GMC Meetings, which he labelled a
“Grand Master Circus”, were unstructured and not taken seriously; (b) no
substantive decisions were made at these meetings; (c) important discussions
were taken offline; and (d) decisions made at GMC Meetings were not
implemented.

7 I cannot accept Lew’s evidence. First, his own witness, Soh, had agreed that
during those GMC Meetings: (a) important and/or confidential matters were
discussed; (b) substantive decisions were made; (c) updates were given about
important matters in the WBL group; (d) it was not true that most matters
discussed were trivial; (e) the meetings were not incoherent, a circus or a
farce; and (f) the most up-to-date financial information was revealed during
the meetings, contradicting Lew’s evidence entirely on this point. In
addition, Soh had also agreed that financial forecasts that were provided
towards the end of every quarter were more reliable. Second, in cross-
examination, Lew had retracted his statement that no substantive decisions
were made at GMC Meetings. Third, Lew had also agreed that confidential
information such as financial data was given during GMC Meetings, thereby
contradicting his statement that such meetings were a circus or a farce. I
therefore reject Lew’s evidence on this point. It was clear on the evidence
that important discussions and decisions were made at the GMC Meetings.

8 The claim of MAS against Lew relates to the sale of his WBL shares on 4 July
2007, two days after a GMC Meeting during which (it was alleged) material
price-sensitive information was made known to Lew. The price-sensitive
information pertained to two matters, namely that:

(a) WBL was going to make a loss; and

(b) it would be taking an impairment charge on WPT.

I will now set out the facts leading to the receipt of what MAS alleged, was
material price-sensitive information by Lew and his trade in WBL shares.

Information announced by WBL prior to the 2 July 2007 GMC Meeting

9 On 14 February 2006, WBL announced a net attributable profit (i.e., the
profit after tax and minority interest (“PATMI”)) of $25.8m for the first
quarter of FY 2006 (“Q1 FY06”), up from $7.9m in the first quarter of FY 2005.
In Q1 FY 06, M-Flex and MFS contributed $41.9m and $17.8m to WBL’s pre-tax
profit respectively. As for its prospects for the next quarter, i.e. the
second quarter of FY 06 (“Q2 FY06”), WBL opined that:

[WBL] expects its second quarter results barring unforeseen circumstances, to
continue to be positive year-on-year. However, due to the shorter reporting
period and the seasonality of sales of electronic products in the second
quarter, the Technology Manufacturing Division is likely to report slower
sales compared to the first quarter. The Automotive and Technology Solutions
Divisions are also likely to see keen competition and increasing pressure on
margins. _Hence, the company is cautiously optimistic about its overall
performance for Q2 FY2006_.

[emphasis added]

10 On 11 May 2006, WBL announced a net attributable profit of $40m for the
first half of FY 2006, which meant that it made a net attributable profit of
$14.5m for Q2 FY06. Again, M-Flex and MFS were singled out for achieving “good
sales”, with the Technology Manufacturing division earning a pre-tax profit of
over $92m. As for its prospects for the second half of FY 2006, WBL opined
that:

[WBL] expects its performance for the rest of the year, barring unforeseen
circumstances, to improve over last year. The Technology Manufacturing
Division is likely to report continued strong sales from existing customers
and M-Flex is also expected to roll out several new patented products. The
Automotive Division will launch several new models in the later part of the
year which should have a positive impact on revenue. However, the Technology
Solutions Division is likely to face keen competition and increasing pressure
on margins. The company expects to continue to unlock value from its property
holdings in the investments portfolio in the second half of FY2006.

In its financial statement for Q2 FY06, WBL noted that:

The performance of the Group’s other technology manufacturing operations were
affected by continued streamlining… the performance of the precision
operations in Thailand was affected by further provisions made for inventory
write offs. Hence the operations recorded a pre-tax loss of $3.1 m for the
quarter.

…

_Developments in Q3 FY 2006_

_The Group is cautiously optimistic on the performance of its core businesses
in Q3 2006_.

[emphasis in italics added]

11 On 11 August 2006, WBL announced a net attributable profit of $9m in the
third quarter of FY2006 (“Q3 FY06”), down from $32.5m in the third quarter of
FY 2005 (“Q3 FY05”). CS Tan observed that the Technology Manufacturing
Division had a challenging quarter due to eroded margins, and that while WBL
was disappointed in WPT’s “larger than expected losses”, it was confident of
recovery “as we have addressed the issues there”. The announcement also stated
that:

The Precision operations recorded losses of $6.6 million; this was mostly from
the Thailand operations, which had cost over-runs because it made good
contractual and customer obligations for the delayed delivery of several
products. The management team has put in place an action plan to reduce costs,
improve operational quality and delivery issues and change its product mix to
higher margin products.

Looking forward, WBL noted that: (a) the Technology Manufacturing Division and
the Technology Solutions Division were likely to face continued pressures on
margin; (b) the Automotive Division would only start to deliver new models in
Q1 FY07; and (c) WBL would continue to unlock value from its property holdings
in the fourth quarter of FY 2006 (“Q4 FY06”). The financial statement for the
Q3 FY 06 results indicated that WBL:

expect[ed] to continue with its efforts to streamline operations and divest
non-core property holdings in FY 2006. Hence it [was] cautiously optimistic
about its performance for Q4 FY 2006 and for the full year.

12 On 23 November 2006, WBL announced a net attributable profit of $58.9m for
all of FY06, up from $7.7m in FY05. This meant that it made a net attributable
profit of approximately $9m in Q4 FY06. In its announcement, WBL noted that:

For FY 2006, the precision manufacturing operations of the Group significantly
affected the performance of the Technology Manufacturing Division. It recorded
losses of $11.9 m for the whole year, _mainly from the Thailand plant which
made good contractual and customer obligations for several low margin
products. Going ahead, the Group expects the Thai operations to perform
better, and has already started to see the turnaround there_.

…

[CS Tan added]: “We still have work to do to streamline and unlock value in FY
2007. The core FPC businesses are likely to face increased competition. We
believe that our efforts to streamline and focus have made us more resilient
and better able to tackle the challenges ahead as we continue to unlock value
for shareholders in a more challenging global environment.”

[emphasis added]

13 On 14 February 2007, WBL announced a net attributable profit of $7.4m for
the first quarter of FY 2007 (“Q1 FY07”). CS Tan observed that it was a
“challenging quarter with continued margin compression in the Technology
Manufacturing Division”. The announcement also noted that:

The precision manufacturing operations of the Group continue to face losses
related to contractual obligations to a major customer. It is negotiating with
this customer for better prices.

The financial statement for Q1 FY07 observed that:

The precision manufacturing operations of the Group continued to drag on the
performance of the Division. It had losses of $6.0million for the quarter. The
operations will continue to focus on reducing costs and to negotiate with a
major customer to improve the margins on several products.

…

_Developments in Q2 FY 2007_

In line with the announcement by the Group’s subsidiaries, [M-Flex] and [MFS],
the FPC sector is expected to continue to face stiff competition and lower
gross margins.

The Automotive Division expects continued keen competition in the Singapore
market.

The Technology Solutions Division is also likely to face increasing pressure
on margins due to more aggressive competition.

The Group will continue with its efforts to streamline operations.

14 On 12 May 2007, WBL announced a net attributable profit of $1.7m for the
second quarter of FY 2007 (“Q2 FY07”). CS Tan observed that it was a
“challenging half year”. The announcement noted that:

The precision manufacturing operations in Thailand continued to perform poorly
and incurred retrenchment costs as it scaled back production due to a drop in
sales volume. It recorded a loss of $11.2 million for the half year, compared
with a loss of $2.5 million in the first half of FY 2006. The Group will
continue to restructure the operations in Thailand.

CS Tan also observed, in the announcement, that:

As we continue to navigate a challenging year, we expect our Technology
Manufacturing Division to face continued pressure on margins. The Group is
accelerating its plans to divest some non-core assets and believes that
together with the Automotive Division, this could help counter some of the
cyclical uncertainties related to the technology business.

In the financial statement for Q2 FY07, it was noted that:

The Group’s precision operations in Thailand had retrenchment costs and lower
revenue related to the fall in demand from its largest customer. These
contributed to attributable losses of $5.3 million.

…

_Developments for the rest of the year_

In line with continued margin compression in the Group’s core Technology
Manufacturing Division, and in line with the announcement by its subsidiaries,
M-Flex and MFS, the Group is cautious about its performance for the rest of
the year.

Internal Discussions on WPT

15 While WPT was not a major component of WBL’s revenue, it was regarded as a
problematic entity, having consistently recorded losses over a number of
quarters, as follows:

|  Q4 FY 05 |  Q1 FY 06 |  Q2 FY 06 |  Q3 FY 06 |  Q4 FY 06  
---|---|---|---|---|---  
Net loss (pre-tax) |  $6.1m |  $0.7m |  $2.2m |  $5.9m |  $4.4m  
  
  

The 20 November 2006 Audit Committee Meeting

16 WPT’s losses did not go unnoticed by WBL’s management and board of
directors. On 20 November 2006, an Audit Committee (“AC”) meeting was held. CS
Tan, Wong and Lew attended the meeting. At this meeting, WPT’s performance was
discussed. The minutes indicated that WBL’s management took the view that the
taking of an impairment was unnecessary, and that WPT would be able to break
even by the third quarter of financial year 2007 (“Q3 FY07”) and even make a
profit in the following quarter by making operational changes, including
effecting cost-cutting measures of approximately $6m. At this meeting, CS Tan
had said that Dr Lim, another member of WBL’s Board of Directors, would
present an update on WPT’s performance for WBL’s Board of Directors and that
an implementation plan would be prepared.

The 9 February 2007 Audit Committee Meeting

17 On 9 February 2007, another AC meeting was held (the “9 February 2007 AC
Meeting”). CS Tan, Wong and Lew attended the meeting. By then, WPT had already
recorded losses in Q1 FY07 that were greater than projected. There were
discussions as to whether it was necessary to take an impairment on 31
December 2007. WBL’s management took the view that it was unnecessary to do
so. Tan Bee Nah, WBL’s external auditor, briefed the AC on the impairment
issue, noting that:

[T]he issue of impairment is highly judgmental as it is highly dependent on
the following key assumptions, including:

(a) Finalisation and acceptance of the revised terms (as set out in Appendix
1) with Nidec;

(b) Securing contracts from new customers (such as SC Wado) and new businesses
[such as the Molex business from Wearnes Precision (Shenyang)]; and

(c) Cost reduction initiatives (including headcount reduction, improvement of
yield and quality).

18 Both CS Tan and Dr Lim explained to the AC that:

[A] number of the loss-making contracts had been terminated and a review of
the sub-contractors had been performed to eliminate those which were not
competitive. WPT also threatened to terminate their business relationship with
Nidec due to the loss making business, and successfully negotiated better
terms with Nidec, including an increase of selling prices… Dr Lim shared that
the increase in selling prices with Nidec will take effect from… February and
Nidec will review the selling prices with WPT on a month to month basis,
depending on the production yield.

Chairman enquired whether there will be an upward trend in the next quarter.
Mr Lai Teck Poh also enquired whether the projections were based on realistic
or optimistic assumptions. Dr Lim Huat Seng replied that based on the actual
results to date, the loss was about $1.3m in January but was expected to
reduce significantly in February and March. The projection of the $3.1 m loss
included a $1 m retrenchment cost for reducing the headcount by 566.

After some deliberations on the assumptions, the Committee agreed that no
impairment charge be recorded at 31 December 2006. _However, the Committee
said that the performance of WPT will need to be monitored; an impairment of
the assets will need to be considered if WPT performs worse than the
projections of a $3.1m loss for Q207 (excluding the effects of one-off charges
such as the retrenchment payments)_.

[emphasis added]

19 Lew gave evidence that the AC had, at this meeting, decided that WPT would
without further discussion take an impairment in Q2 FY07 if it incurred more
than $3.1m in losses. During cross-examination, Lew accepted that his position
was not reflected in the minutes. When asked why he did not amend the minutes,
he gave a number of different excuses claiming that: (a) the minutes were not
received for verification; (b) it was not for him to amend the minutes since
it was only for the AC members; (c) he had talked to Dr Lim and the minute-
taker about this discrepancy; and, (d) it was not for the attendees of the AC
meetings to challenge the minutes, and that he had never been asked whether he
agreed with the minutes in all the years he had attended meetings. However,
WBL produced three emails (dated 23 January 2007, 5 April 2007 (in relation to
the 9 February 2007 AC Meeting) and 9 July 2007 (in relation to the 8 May 2007
AC Meeting)), where Lew responded to requests to review the minutes of the AC
meetings. In two of those instances, Lew proposed changes to the minutes.
Questioned, Lew claimed he was “mistaken”, conceded that there was a practice
of sending minutes internally for verification, but insisted that he did not
have authority to make any substantive amendments to the minutes. I reject
Lew’s evidence on this point as his testimony was not corroborated by any
other witness. It beggars belief that such a high-ranking employee of the
company could not make any substantive changes to the minutes if necessary or,
that the “mistake” had not been spotted by any of the other seven addressees
of the e-mails seeking verification of the same. In my view, it was more
likely than not that no firm decision to take an impairment in Q2 FY07 was
taken at the 9 February 2007 AC Meeting, if the results were unfavourable.

The 8 May 2007 Audit Committee Meeting

20 At the next AC meeting held on 8 May 2007 attended by CS Tan, Wong and Lew
(the “8 May 2007 AC Meeting”), it was reported that WPT’s losses for Q2 FY07
were higher than expected. The minutes indicated that a number of explanations
were given for those losses. There were also discussions on whether WPT had to
take an impairment charge. The minutes stated:

[Wong] briefed the AC on the updated impairment analysis prepared in Q207,
which showed no impairment in value of WPT assets. [Wong] stated that the key
assumptions made by management and mentioned that the updated impairment
analysis is heavily dependent on a key assumption of getting a new key
customer…. WPT is in an advanced stage of negotiation with [the new customer]…
for hard-disk drive business and believe that WPT will be able to turnaround
with this key customer who offers a much better pricing and volume.

In response to Dr Cham Tao Soon’s question on the value of fixed assets at
risk, _Ms Tan Bee Nah [from PricewaterhouseCoopers] stated that the value at
risk is $22 million, excluding freehold land and building. If freehold land
and building are included, the value at risk is $30.5 million_.

[CS Tan] updated the AC that management is in the process of negotiating with
two parties…

Dr Cham Tao Soon [the AC Chairperson] enquired about the expected date that
the [deal with the new customer] will be completed, and that a cut-off date
should be set to decide when impairment charge is to be recorded. _Mr Tan
Choon Seng proposed a cut-off date of Q307, and an impairment charge should be
recognised if there is no progress by then. The AC agreed_.

Ms Tan Bee Nah added that the benchmark should not be against the Q3 forecast
(as it is now May 2007 and discussion with [the new customer] is still on-
going), but rather milestones such as whether agreement has been signed.

[emphasis added]

21 Further, in Microsoft Powerpoint presentation slides that were prepared for
this meeting, it was observed that WBL could adopt either of the following
options in respect of WPT:

**1**. |  **Re-build**  
---|---  
|  ?  |  Only if JVC and/or [Panasonic] HDD business firmed up within the next 30 days  
|  |  ?  |  Analysis clearly shows viable & profitable business under any normal situation  
|  |  ?  |  WPT operations not viable without HDD business  
|  ?  |  Little confidence that current WPT team able to deliver  
|  |  ?  |  …  
|  ?  |  Very high risk option since still require several more quarters of losses before turnaround  
**2**. |  **Immediate Shutdown**  
|  ?  |  Most predictable outcome  
|  ?  |  High one-time write-off of up to S$30 million  
|  ?  |  Reputation related risks  
**3**. |  **Sell off WPT as an ongoing business concern**  
|  ?  |  Attractive to potential buyer only with HDD business secured  
|  ?  |  Risk of not finding buyer within short time frame  
|  |  ?  |  Continuing operational losses in meantime  
|  ?  |  No asset impairment in current quarter.  
  
  

[emphasis original]

The 2 July 2007 GMC Meeting

22 On 2 July 2007, a financial GMC Meeting was chaired by CS Tan (“2 July 2007
GMC Meeting”). This meeting was held 2 days after the end of the Q3 FY07 on 30
June 2007. Wong, Swee Hong and Lew were also attendees. The evidence suggested
that the meeting was not pleasant with voices being (at the least) raised
thereat. A Microsoft Powerpoint presentation of WBL’s financial forecasts for
Q3 FY07 and Q4 FY07 was provided at the meeting, as follows:

|  Pre-tax Profit |  Profit after Tax and Minority Interests  
---|---|---  
Technology Manufacturing |  (4.6 m) |  (4.8 m)  
Technology Solutions |  0.9 m |  1.2 m  
Automotive |  5.1 m |  4.4 m  
Investments  |  4.0 m |  2.7 m  
Corporate HQ |  (4.4 m) |  (4.8 m)  
Stock Option Expenses & SARS |  (1.1 m) |  (1.0 m)  
**WBL Total (w/o MFS/[M-Flex])** |  **(0.0 m)** |  **(2.3 m)**  
MFS/MFI |  4.2 m |  1.8 m  
**WBL Total** |  **4.2 m** |  **(0.4 m)**  
  
  

[emphasis original]

23 The forecasts were based on actual results in April and May 2007 and best
estimates for June 2007, but did not take into account any impairment charge
to be taken on WPT. The minutes of this meeting stated as follow:

**Subject 1 Tech Manufacturing … 1.1 Wearnes Precision Thailand** Continued losses, more than forecast due to exchange rate loss. Q3 forecast -$4.7m. Operational loss is $3.5m. $1.1m exchange rate loss.  1.1.1 Decision point on divesting the plant must be made by next week. [CS Tan] points out that the original drop dead date was June 30th. _Would like to see an end by 31 st July and greater sense of urgency. Likely to take an impairment this quarter for the entire Group and write it off totally instead of continuing to lose money as has been the last 3 quarters_. |  **Action Items**  
---|---  
1.1.2 Lester updates that the past 2 weeks, there were visits related to a big buyer looking into WPT. This week the buyers are going to make a decision and that it may be necessary to get a new valuer as the old valuation was unrealistically high. |  **Lester to follow up**  
… |   
**3 Overall Group Forecast** _3.1 Performance will be loss of $2.3million without MFS n MFLEX_. _WBL total: with MFLEX n MFS, will be loss of $0.4m_. |   
… |   
**5 Action Items** 5.1 Need to take a full impairment for Q3 and move on. … 5.3 Need a solid decision on WPT. |  **Lester**  
  
  

[emphasis in italics added]

24 CS Tan testified that he had told the attendees that a full impairment had
to be taken on WPT’s assets in Q3 FY07, unless the deal to sell WPT as a going
concern was concluded within a week. CS Tan and Wong also stated that Wong had
indicated that the chances of a sale were “very slim”. However, even if a sale
materialised, WBL would still have to recognise an impairment charge because
WPT would have been sold at distressed prices below its carrying value on
WBL’s accounts.

25 Interestingly, an email was sent by one Debra Soon (who was WBL’s Group
General Manager for Corporate Communications and Investor Relations) (“Debra”)
to Swee Hong, stating that “like that we will need a profit warning”. This
email was sent at 8.48am, i.e., during the 2 July 2007 GMC Meeting. Swee Hong
asked Debra what was stated in WBL’s last announcement. Debra replied by
stating “That not good la, but we never said going into loss”.

Events subsequent to the 2 July 2007 GMC Meeting

26 On 11 July 2007, M-Flex announced that it had suffered an unanticipated
decline in revenue for Q3 FY07 and was expected to record a net loss in that
quarter. This announcement was made available by WBL on the SGX website. On 17
July 2007, MFS also issued an announcement on the SGX website to warn that it
was expecting a net loss of between $2.5m and $3m in Q3 FY07. After trading
hours on 17 July 2007, WBL issued a profit warning. It referred to the
announcements released by MFS and M-Flex and stated that “further to the said
announcements and the continual loss suffered by [WPT]”, the Group would be
reporting a loss for Q3 FY07.

27 On 2 August 2007, M-Flex announced a net loss of US$6.7m. On 14 August
2007, WBL announced that it suffered an attributable loss of $27.3m for Q3
FY07, which included an impairment charge on WPT costing $26.6m.

The sale of WBL shares by Lew

28 The records from SGX showed that Lew had, on 2 July 2007 at 2.24 pm, made a
bid to sell 17,000 WBL shares at $5.05 per share. However, his bid was not
matched. Subsequently, at about 8.34am on 4 July 2007, Lew submitted three
bids to sell a total of 27,000 WBL shares at $5.05 to $5.10 per share. The
records suggested that the three bids were made at 8.34am within a span of two
seconds, but none were matched with buyers. Lau Kin Hin Leslie, the Assistant
Information Technology Manager for AmFraser, gave evidence that Lew had placed
those bids through his Internet trading account with AmFraser and testified
that the users’ brokers did not know the password and username for trading on
the AmFraser’s Internet trading platform on their clients’ behalf. Lew did not
dispute the veracity of AmFraser’s records. However, he claimed that he had
given the order to sell those 27,000 shares only after lunchtime on 4 July
2007, and that the order was made through his broker. During cross-
examination, Lew said that he could not recall making those three bids and
suggested that it was not possible for him to trade at 8.34am on 4 July 2007
as he was then on the move in China. I do not accept Lew’s evidence. MAS
provided documentary evidence (which Lew accepted) to show that Lew had put in
bids to sell _personally_ on the morning of 4 July 2007. His excuse, that he
was on the move in China, was uncorroborated. In my view, the fact that the
three bids (from the SGX’s records) appeared to be made within a span of two
or three seconds was inconclusive as to the veracity of Lew’s account. Given
that the information was downloaded from SGX, the time captured on SGX’s
record would reflect the time that the bids were _received_ by SGX and not the
time that the bids were _sent_ by Lew from China. In my view, on the totality
of the evidence, it was more likely than not that Lew had made those bids
through his internet trading account on the morning of 4 July 2007.

29 At 2.36pm, Lew put in a bid to sell 30,000 WBL shares at $4.98 (which was
the last transacted price) and his bids were matched. At 3.52 pm, he put in
another bid to sell 30,000 shares at $4.98 (also the last transacted price)
and his bids were matched within three minutes. At 3.56pm, Lew put in a third
bid to sell 30,000 shares at $4.98 (the last transacted price), and his bid
was matched almost instantly. All the bids were made through Lew’s broker with
AmFraser. In total, Lew sold 90,000 shares at $4.98, raising $448,200.

Lew’s resignation from WBL

30 On 5 July 2007, Lew wrote to, _inter alios_ , Swee Hong to inform her about
the sale of his WBL shares on the previous day. Swee Hong responded on 9 July
2007 stating that, in her view, he possessed price-sensitive information made
known at the 2 July 2007 GMC Meeting and that his actions might be construed
as insider trading. Lew’s response was:

I sold my shares to raise cash to exercise my WBL options, which forms you
would have received today.

I did not think that the matters discussed at the GMC on 2 July were price-
sensitive information, which is why I sold the shares. Had I thought
otherwise, I definitely would not have done anything because I am fully aware
of insider trading rules.

The GMC Meeting on 2 July was an update of the 3Q forecast which can and do
change, as you have seen in previous GMC meetings when such forecasts were
presented, sometimes quite substantially, when the actual results are
submitted or at the next update. Moreover, the forecast of the two FPC
subsidiaries, which forms the bulk of the Group results, were not updated at
the meeting. Additionally, there may be non-operational events which may or
may not have been discussed at the meeting. Besides, as explained above, I
sold the shares so that I can exercise my options for more shares.

However, it is interesting that you view what was discussed at the GMC as
sufficiently price-sensitive to send me this caution note, which I greatly
appreciate. You know that the last thing I want to do is to be in breach of
the regulations.

If you consider my explanations as not sufficient justification of the sale
and advise that I should not have carried out that trade, I will promptly buy
back those shares at no less than the price that I sold them for.

Your advise is greatly appreciated.

31 Swee Hong’s response the following day (on 10 July 2007) was that Lew had
sought her advice on the afternoon of 2 July 2007 (i.e., after the 2 July 2007
GMC Meeting), and that her advice was that:

it would be prudent not to deal in WBL shares in view of the information
(which was and is still not generally available to the public) shared at the
GMC meeting that morning.

Nevertheless, it would definitely not be in order to purchase the same number
of shares (which you have sold) back from the market presently.

32 In Lew’s response, he acknowledged having “a casual conversation after the
[GMC Meeting] on whether the matters discussed at the meeting [were] price-
sensitive information”. However, Lew denied that he had sought Swee Hong’s
advice on whether he could sell the WBL shares. He claimed that at that point
of time, it did not occur to him that he would be doing so. He ended by
observing that they had a different view on whether the information was price-
sensitive. Swee Hong subsequently reiterated that she had advised Lew on 2
July 2007 that it would not be “prudent” to deal with his WBL shares in the
light of the information shared at the GMC Meeting that morning.

33 CS Tan’s evidence was that on 10 July 2007, Swee Hong told him about Lew’s
trade in WBL shares, and, that she (Swee Hong) had previously told Lew that
the information discussed at the 2 July 2007 GMC Meeting was price-sensitive.
WBL’s solicitors were called to conduct an inquiry, the outcome of which is
privileged. On 17 July 2007, WBL filed a Suspicious Transaction Report in
respect of Lew’s trade. On 19 July 2007, Lew resigned from WBL with immediate
effect.

Issues before the Court

34 The claim of MAS against Lew is based on s 218 of the SFA, the relevant
provisions of which are as follows:

**Prohibited conduct by connected person in possession of inside information**

218\. —(1) Subject to this Division, where —

(a) a person who is connected to a corporation possesses information
concerning that corporation that is not generally available but, if the
information were generally available, a reasonable person would expect it to
have a material effect on the price or value of securities of that
corporation; and

(b) the connected person knows or ought reasonably to know that —

(i) the information is not generally available; and

(ii) if it were generally available, it might have a material effect on the
price or value of those securities of that corporation,

subsections (2), (3), (4), (5) and (6) shall apply.

(2) The connected person must not (whether as principal or agent) —

(a) subscribe for, purchase or sell, or enter into an agreement to subscribe
for, purchase or sell, any such securities referred to in subsection (1) or
(1A), as the case may be; or …

(4) In any proceedings for a contravention of subsection (2) or (3) against a
person connected to a corporation referred to in subsection (1), where the
prosecution or plaintiff proves that the connected person was at the material
time —

(a) in possession of information concerning the corporation to which he was
connected; and

(b) the information was not generally available,

it shall be presumed, until the contrary is proved, that the connected person
knew at the material time that —

(i) the information was not generally available; and

(ii) if the information were generally available, it might have a material
effect on the price or value of securities of that corporation.

(5) In this Division —

(a) “connected person” means a person referred to in subsection (1) or (1A)
who is connected to a corporation; and

(b) a person is connected to a corporation if —

(i) he is an officer of that corporation or of a related corporation; …

(6) In subsection (5), “officer”, in relation to a corporation, includes —

(a) a director, secretary or employee of the corporation; …

35 As such, under s 218(1) of the SFA, a person must not sell any shares of
the company if:

(a) he is a “person connected to a corporation”;

(b) he possesses information concerning that corporation;

(c) that information is not generally available;

(d) a reasonable person would, if that information were generally available,
expect it to have a material effect on the price of the securities of that
corporation;

(e) the connected person knows, or ought reasonably to know, that the
information is not available;

(f) the connected person knows, or ought reasonably to know, that if it the
information were generally available, it might have a material effect on the
price of the securities of that corporation.

Conditions (e) and (f) are presumed, until the contrary is proven, if MAS can
prove conditions (a), (b) and (c) to the satisfaction of this court (see s
218(4) of the SFA).

36 It cannot be disputed that Lew is a “connected person” within the meaning
of s 218(5) of the SFA. Neither is it in doubt that Lew possessed information
at the material time. The issues for this court’s determination are as
follows:

(a) what was the “information” Lew possessed at the material time?

(b) was the information generally available?

(c) did the information have a material effect on the price of WBL shares?

(d) did Lew know or ought reasonably to know, that the information was not
generally available?

(e) did Lew know, or ought reasonably to know, that the information might have
a material effect on the price of WBL shares?

37 The key witnesses for MAS were CS Tan, Wong and Swee Hong. In addition,
Christopher Chong (“Chong”) was its expert witness. Apart from himself, Lew
called two other witnesses namely Soh and R, who was his expert witness.

38 At this juncture, it would be useful for me to make some observations about
the evidence that was given. From my observation, I found the key witnesses of
MAS to be truthful and honest – there was no reason for me to reject their
evidence, especially since they were corroborative on many points. On the
other hand, I was not impressed with Lew’s testimony. Lew had, on a number of
occasions, been untruthful (see, for instance, [19] above). I should also
point out that while R was Lew’s expert witness, Lew did not rely on R’s
testimony at all in his closing submissions.

What was the Information Lew possessed at the material time?

39 Under s 214 of the SFA, “information” is defined as _including_ :

(a) matters of supposition and other matters that are insufficiently definite
to warrant being made known to the public;

(b) matters relating to the intentions, or the likely intentions, of a person;

(c) matters relating to negotiations or proposals with respect to —

(i) commercial dealings;

(ii) dealing in securities; or

(iii) trading in futures contract;

(d) information relating to the financial performance of a corporation or
business trust, or otherwise;

(e) information that a person proposes to enter into, or had previously
entered into one or more transactions or agreements in relation to securities
or has prepared or proposes to issue a statement relating to such securities;
and

(f) matters relating to the future.

40 MAS asserted that Lew possessed the following information on 4 July 2007:

(a) As of 2 July 2007, WBL had forecasted a loss for Q3, FY 2007 at $2.3m
(excluding MFS and M-Flex’s performance) or $0.4m (including MFS and M-Flex’s
performance), which were based on WBL’s most updated internal forecasts and
discussions held during the 2 July 2007 GMC Meeting;

(b) WBL needed to take a _full_ impairment for WPT in Q3, FY 2007 from the 2
July 2007 GMC Meeting, and that the quantum of the impairment would be a
significant one; and

(c) As a result of the first two pieces of information, Lew knew that WBL
would incur a substantial loss for Q3, FY 2007.

41 A reading of Lew’s closing submissions revealed that he implicitly
disagreed with the assertion of MAS that he possessed the information,
especially in relation to the quality of the information. Lew argued that the
information he received at the 2 July 2007 GMC Meeting was indefinite and
unreliable. While these arguments were raised in respect of subsequent issues
(_viz_ , materiality and his subjective knowledge), it would be more
convenient to deal with them here. Making clear the type of information
possessed by Lew with regards to, _inter alia_ , its quality and nature, will
avoid the risk of conflating separate issues in the subsequent analysis.

42 As mentioned earlier, the case against Lew was that he possessed
information in the form of a _forecast_ made known at the 2 July 2007 GMC
Meeting, that WBL would make a loss of $2.3m (excluding the performance of MFS
and M-Flex) or a loss of $0.4m (including the two companies’ forecasted
performance). Lew did not dispute that such a forecast was provided at the
meeting. Therefore, Lew possessed the information that WBL had _forecasted_
the loss as described above (at [40(a)]).

43 Lew also did not deny that discussions on impairment were held during the 2
July 2007 GMC Meeting. However, he did not accept that it was decided, at the
2 July 2007 GMC Meeting, that a full impairment would be _recognised_ , and
that the quantum of impairment was _significant_. Lew’s arguments and evidence
were that:

(a) If WBL had decided to take a full impairment on WPT at the 2 July 2007 GMC
Meeting, it would have discussed issuing a profit warning at that meeting and
would not have waited until 17 July 2007 to do so.

(b) The minutes for the 2 July 2007 GMC Meeting suggested that the deadline
for taking the impairment had been extended to 31 July 2007 (see above at
[23]).

(c) No mention of any impairment was made in the profit warning issued or the
suspicious transaction report made by Swee Hong. Similarly, in an e-mail sent
by CS Tan to WBL’s Board of Directors on 12 July 2007, CS Tan said that “WBL
may have to issue our own warning together with the impairment that _may_
happen in [WPT]” [emphasis added], suggesting that no such actual decision had
been made.

(d) WBL’s management kept pushing back the deadline to recognise the
impairment as it was reluctant to do so. There was no indication that the
deadline given at the 8 May 2007 AC Meeting was a fixed deadline. For example,
following from the 9 February 2007 AC Meeting, an impairment should have been
taken but was not recognised even when WPT’s losses for Q2 FY07 of $5.3m
exceeded the limit of $3.1m decided at that meeting (see above at [18]). New
assumptions were constantly introduced. At the 8 May 2007 AC Meeting, it was
discussed that WPT could get JVC as a new key customer, and that they were
negotiating with other buyers for WPT. As a result, as of 2 July 2007, Lew
could not conclude that all these alternatives were dead as there were no
updates, and decisions might have been made offline.

(e) There was no requisite quorum for the 2 July 2007 GMC Meeting as Dr Lim
and Jane Lim, who were both involved with WPT, were absent. Lew also knew that
Wong, Dr Lim and Jane Lim would be visiting Thailand after the 2 July 2007 GMC
Meeting for further discussions with potential buyers, and therefore, no
decision to impair could have been made at that meeting.

44 The common testimony of CS Tan, Wong and Swee Hong was that at the 2 July
2007 GMC Meeting, it was clear that the impairment had to be recognised. From
CS Tan’ perspective, it was because WPT had failed to satisfy the condition
imposed by the AC during the 8 May 2007 AC Meeting (_viz_ , to secure a
contract with JVC) (see above at [20]-[21]). From Wong’s and Swee Hong’s
perspective, the fact that no mention of any JVC deal was made at the 2 July
2007 GMC Meeting meant that no such deal had been reached. As a result, the
impairment had to be recognised as the condition imposed at the 8 May 2007 AC
Meeting was not satisfied. This would be so even if a sale of WPT (or its
assets) materialised as it was unlikely that the selling price would be above
WPT’s carrying value on WBL’s accounts. In any case, Wong’s evidence was that
the chances of a sale were slim. However, Wong admitted that the AC
subsequently had to agree to the impairment and that there was a possibility
that the update to the AC would be different if a sale or new deal with a
customer had materialised.

45 I accept that there were apparent inconsistencies between the evidence of
Wong and Swee Hong on the one hand and CS Tan’s evidence on the other. The
former two suggested that the decision to impair was made _during_ the
meeting, while the latter suggested that the decision was made _before_ the
meeting as the condition had not been satisfied. In my view, this apparent
inconsistency arose due to the different perspectives taken by them, and it
was not indicative of any confusion or uncertainty as Lew contended. CS Tan,
as CEO, had personally promised the AC that an impairment would be recognised
if WPT did not secure a new customer by 30 June 2007. From his perspective,
since WPT did not secure a new customer, the decision to impair was set in
stone. However, from the perspective of the other two, they might not have the
same information as CS Tan. Until the GMC Meeting took place, they were unable
to assume that the impairment would take place.

46 In my view, the important feature of the evidence of CS Tan, Wong and Swee
Hong was that any attendee of the 2 July 2007 GMC Meeting would know that the
decision to impair was almost a certainty. I accept that the decision to
impair was subject to the AC’s subsequent approval, but given the known
implausibility that there would be any buyers for WPT and that an impairment
would have to be recognised regardless, I cannot accept Lew’s evidence that he
did not know that an impairment was very likely to materialise. On the
contrary, Lew accepted during cross-examination, that he had heard CS Tan say
words to the effect that WBL would take a full impairment in Q3 FY07,
corroborating the evidence of CS Tan, Wong and Swee Hong. I therefore find
that Lew possessed information that WBL was very likely to recognise an
impairment in Q3 FY07.

47 In my view, the other points raised by Lew do not detract from the fact
that he possessed information relating to the impairment. The fact that no
profit warning was issued until a much later date is not determinative of the
issue, _viz_ , whether an impairment was very likely to materialise, and does
not aid his case. The SGX Listing Manual (“SGX-LM”) does not impose on listed
companies an _absolute_ duty of immediate disclosure (see Rule 703(3) of the
SGX-LM for exceptions relating to confidential, insufficiently definite or
internal information). In addition, I accept the explanation of CS Tan that
the issuance of a profit warning by WBL was a sensitive matter which required
internal discussions and advice from counsel, all of which would take time.
His evidence was corroborated by Swee Hong. In any case, Wong and Swee Hong
testified that they had (separately) given consideration on the issue of
providing a profit warning on 2 July 2007, and that Swee Hong had discussed
this issue with CS Tan immediately after he returned from his holiday. While
there is no documentation to show that discussions on the profit warning had
taken place before 12 July 2007, the e-mails exchanged between Debra and Swee
Hong during the 2 July GMC Meeting (see above at [25]) strongly suggests that
the issue of the profit warning would have been raised soon after the meeting.
Debra and Swee Hong, being in charge of WBL’s communications and legal matters
respectively, would have been key personnel involved in the preparation of a
profit warning. The facts therefore lend support to the strong inference that
a profit warning had been discussed soon after the 2 July 2007 GMC Meeting. As
such, I do not think the failure to issue a profit warning immediately after
the 2 July 2007 GMC Meeting was indicative of any uncertainty in the
forecasted loss or the taking of the impairment, _per se_.

48 CS Tan’s statement (as recorded in the minutes) that he would “like to see
an end by 31st July and greater sense of urgency” (see above at [23]), when
read on its own, suggests that the deadline for recognising an impairment had
been pushed back. However, when read in context, that was not the intended
meaning. Instead, that deadline referred to any plans to divest WPT’s plant.
Both CS Tan and Wong testified that those observations referred to the
decision on the _size_ of the impairment (e.g., whether a sale of WPT or its
assets would materialise), and not the decision to impair itself. Their
explanation was consistent with such an interpretation, _viz_ , that the
deadline referred to plans to divest WPT’s plant and not the impairment.
Hence, I do not find that the 31 July deadline was referable to the decision
to recognise an impairment.

49 Lew relied on the 20 November 2006 and the 9 February 2007 AC Meetings to
argue that the 30 June 2007 deadline fixed at the 8 May 2007 AC Meeting was
not definite as the management kept pushing back those deadlines. I have
already (at [19] above) rejected Lew’s claims that a definite deadline had
been imposed at the 9 February 2007 AC Meeting. Nothing said at the 20
November 2006 AC Meeting suggested that a definite deadline was imposed.
Therefore, Lew had no basis for asserting that the deadline fixed at the 9 May
2007 AC Meeting was not definite. Lew’s argument, that he did not know that
the JVC deal or deals with other buyers were dead, cannot stand, particularly
since Lew had admitted that CS Tan had said words to the effect that an
impairment had to be taken.

50 The fact that there was no quorum at the 2 July 2007 GMC meeting does not
assist Lew’s case. I accept that the decision to impair was not made at that
meeting itself, but in the circumstances, it was clear to all attendees that
it was _very likely_ that the impairment would be recognised, for the reasons
explained above (at [44]-[49]).

51 As for the suspicious transaction report, Swee Hong’s explanation was that
the impairment had been implicitly referred to in the suspicious transaction
report as “other financial information” that was involved. In any case, given
the strong evidence that any attendee at the meeting would know that an
impairment was almost certain to be taken, and that Lew had admitted hearing
CS Tan mention that an impairment would be taken, I do not think what was
written in the suspicious transaction report or in CS Tan’s e-mail to WBL’s
Board of Directors can make a difference to the conclusion. I therefore find
that Lew possessed information that WBL was very likely to recognise an
impairment on WPT at the material time.

52 I turn now to consider the information that Lew possessed on the quantum of
the impairment. At the 8 May 2007 AC Meeting, WBL’s external auditors had
informed those present (including Lew) that WBL’s value-at-risk was at $22.5m
and $30.5m (excluding and including freehold property respectively), and it
was suggested that a $30m write-off was the most predictable outcome (see
above at [20]-[21]). Lew contended that the maximum value at risk could not be
$30m, because no assessment was made as to WPT’s valuation or its value in
use. In my view, it is difficult to appreciate how Lew could contend that the
impairment would not be significant. Even taking into account any possibility
of a sale of WPT (at a distressed price or any other valuation), the evidence
strongly suggested that the impairment would still be a substantial one, even
if it may not be at $30 million.

53 As such, I find that Lew was in possession of the following information at
the material time:

(a) That WBL had forecasted a loss of loss of $2.3m (excluding MFS and
M-Flex’s performance) or a loss of $0.4m (including MFS and M-Flex’s
forecasted performance) for Q3 FY07.

(b) That it was _very likely_ for WBL to recognise a _significant_ impairment
on WPT in Q3 FY07.

(c) As a result of (a) and (b) above, that it was very likely that WBL would
incur a significant overall loss for Q3 FY07.

Whether the Information was generally available

What is “generally available” information?

54 Under s 215 of the SFA, information is generally available if:

(a) it consists of readily observable matter;

(b) without limiting the generality of paragraph (a) —

(i) it has been made known in a manner that would, or would be likely to,
bring it to the attention of persons who commonly invest in securities of a
kind whose price or value might be affected by the information; and

(ii) since it was so made known, a reasonable period for it to be disseminated
among such persons has elapsed; or

(c) it consists of deductions, conclusions or inferences made or drawn from
either or both of the following:

(i) information referred to in paragraph (_a_);

(ii) information made known as referred to in paragraph (_b_) (i).

55 I will refer to s 215(a) as the “readily observable test”, s 215(b) as the
“publishable information test” and s 215(c) as the “market analysis test”. At
this juncture, I should observe that these definitions are not without
difficulty, for reasons which will be explained in greater detail below.
Ironically, the Australian equivalent to s 215 of the SFA was introduced to
provide more certainty on the type of information that was intended to be
caught by the provisions (see Kendall and Walker, _Insider Trading in
Australia and New Zealand: Information that is “generally available”_ (2006)
24 C&SLJ 343 at 345). The prior Australian position (found in the Australian
Securities Industries Act 1980) did not define what information was “not
generally available”, and this made the previous regime uncertain and
difficult to police (see Lyon and du Plessis, _The Law of Insider Trading in
Australia_ (Annandale, N.S.W.: The Federation Press, 2005) at p 30).

56 The Australia draftsmen of this legislation meant to provide a fair market
for trading securities, vis-à-vis the information that is available to the
investing public. As was noted in its report, Griffith, _Fair Shares for All,
Insider Trading in Australia_ (Australian Government Publishing Service, 1989)
(“Griffith Report”) (at para 3.3.6):

[I]t must be emphasised that the basis for regulating insider trading is the
need to _guarantee investor confidence in the integrity of the securities
market_. Accordingly, the Committee confirms the principles adopted in 1981 by
the Committee of Inquiry into the Australian Financial System (the Campbell
Committee) as a basis for the prohibition of insider trading:

The object of restrictions on insider trading is to _ensure that the
securities market operates freely and fairly, with all participants having
equal access to relevant information_. Investor confidence, and thus the
ability of the market to mobilise savings, depends importantly on the
_prevention of the improper use of confidential information_.

[emphasis added]

57 It should, however, be noted that the Griffith Report only touched on the
requirements of the publishable information test. With regard to the readily
observable test, it was explained in the Explanatory Memorandum to the
Corporations Legislation Amendment Bill 1991 (the “Explanatory Memorandum”)
that that test was subsequently included because (at para 327):

Concern was expressed that in consequence of the adoption of this definition
in the exposure draft [i.e., the publishable information test], information
directly observable in the public arena would not be regarded as generally
available, as it has not been ‘made known’. It was considered that a person
could be liable for insider trading where he/she traded in securities on the
basis of, for example, an observation that the body corporate had excess
stocks in a yard. This was not the intention of the provisions.

58 There is, however, considerable uncertainty regarding the applicability of
the readily observable test in Australia. These difficulties were raised in
the decision of the New South Wales Criminal Court of Appeal in _R v Firns_
[2001] NSWCCA 191 (“ _Firns_ ”). There, the accused acted on information
obtained from the Papua New Guinea (“PNG”) Supreme Court which was favourable
to a certain company. The information was made known to him through that
company’s solicitors (who had attended the hearing before the PNG Supreme
Court) and he went on to purchase shares in that company. The issue was
whether a judgment issued by the PNG Supreme Court could be considered
“generally available information”. On appeal, it was held, by a majority, that
such information was generally available. Mason P, delivering the majority’s
judgment, recognised that there was a tension between the Australian
equivalent to s 215(b) of the SFA, which reflected the policy of equality of
access to relevant information to ensure fair markets (the “fairness policy”),
and the Australian equivalent to s 215(a) and s 215(c) of the SFA, which
recognised that “cleverness, swiftness and efficiency” were to be encouraged
for some types of information (the “efficiency policy”) (see _Firns_ at [51]
and [57]). Given the conflation of competing policies within the same section,
Mason P took the view that the Australian equivalent of s 215(a) of the SFA
had to be read literally to reflect the efficiency policy. As such, the class
of persons by whom the matter in question was to be regarded as readily
observable was not confined to existing shareholders or persons who traded on
the Australian Stock Exchange (see _Firns_ at [70]). On the facts of the case,
Mason P found that the PNG judgment was readily observable as it was
available, understandable and accessible to a significant group of the public,
_viz_ , those present and capable of being present in court in the ordinary
course (see _Firns_ at [76]).

59 Carruthers AJ, however, dissented from the majority’s judgment on this
point, taking the view that (see _Firns_ at [112]-[113]):

[T]he words readily observable matter cannot be allowed to operate in a
vacuum. In most cases the question must be asked: to what class of persons
must the information consist of "readily observable matter"? ...

Mr Game SC for the Crown on this appeal submitted (correctly in my view) that
_the matter must be readily observable by the public at large as it is that
group of persons who are capable of trading on the share market in Australia,
or in shares of corporations which are formed or carry on business in
Australia_. The public at large in that sense must, at least, include the
Australian public, as the provisions contained in the Corporations Law are
clearly designed principally to protect Australian investors by promoting
equal access to information for investors. _For information to be generally
available on the basis that it consists of readily observable matter, it must,
at least, be readily observable by members of the Australian public_.
[emphasis added]

60 On the one hand, the insider trading rules were promulgated with the intent
of correcting any unfair informational asymmetry that may arise in the
securities market. On the other hand, the test of what is “generally available
information”, if construed strictly, would mean that the diligent would be
unduly penalised by the wide scope of insider trading laws. As was recognised
by the US Supreme Court in _Dirks v Securities Exchange Commission_ 463 US 646
(1983) (at p 658-659):

Imposing a duty to disclose or abstain solely because a person knowingly
receives material nonpublic information from an insider and trades on it could
have _an inhibiting influence on the role of market analysts, which the SEC
itself recognizes is necessary to the preservation of a healthy market_. It is
commonplace for analysts to "ferret out and analyze information," … and this
often is done by meeting with and questioning corporate officers and others
who are insiders. And information that the analysts obtain normally may be the
basis for judgments as to the market worth of a corporation's securities. The
analyst's judgment in this respect is made available in market letters or
otherwise to clients of the firm. It is the nature of this type of
information, and indeed of the markets themselves, that such information
cannot be made simultaneously available to all of the corporation's
stockholders or the public generally. [emphasis added]

61 Locally, s 9A of the Interpretation Act (Cap 1, 1999 Rev Ed) states that:

an interpretation that would promote the purpose or object underlying the
written law…shall be preferred to an interpretation that would not promote
that purpose or object.

It is however not apparent, whether the legislative purpose of s 215(a) is
such that the policy of fairness should trump the policy of efficiency. At the
second reading of the Securities and Futures Bill (_Singapore Parliamentary
Debates, Official Report_ (5 October 2001) vol 73 at col 2136-2137) (“the
Parliamentary Debates”) by BG Lee Hsien Loong, Deputy Prime Minister (“BG
Lee”) it was suggested that the underlying rationale for implementing the
current insider trading rules was to ensure fairness within the securities
market. BG Lee explained (_id_ at col 2136):

At the core, the mischief of insider trading lies in tilting the playing field
unfairly against other market participants. Those who knowingly have inside
information should be prohibited from trading, whether or not they are
connected with the company. The intent is to address the core evil of trading
while in possession of undisclosed market sensitive information, instead of
having liability depend on a person's connection with the company.

62 However, it has been pointed out that the policy of efficiency was not far
away from the regulator’s minds in promulgating the current rules (see Lee,
_“Americanisation” of the Civil Liability Regime for Insider Trading in
Singapore_ (2005) 23 C&SLJ 396 at p 397-398). According to MAS’ Insider
Trading Consultation Paper, 2001 (the “MAS Consultation Paper”), the current
provisions on insider trading were created to “further enhance the
effectiveness of our insider trading laws” and were part of MAS’ “continuing
efforts to ensure that our markets operate _fairly and efficiently_ ”
[emphasis added] (at para 21). It would therefore appear that both policies of
fairness and efficiency were considered pertinent in passing the relevant
provisions in the SFA. In construing the insider trading provisions, I am
mindful of Mason P’s observation (in _Firns_ at [40]) that:

There is lengthy philosophical debate about the object of prohibiting insider
trading. Because of this, care needs to be taken to ensure that a judge does
not unconsciously read his or her own philosophy into the enactment and then
use it as the basis for construing the enactment consonant with that
philosophy.

63 It is not strictly necessary for me to decide whether the majority or
minority decision of _Firns_ , or even a different formulation therefrom,
should be adopted in Singapore. MAS, in its submissions, did not dispute that
the information which Lew sought to rely on (_viz_ , the press releases and
announcements of companies listed in Singapore or the USA) satisfies the
readily observable test or publishable information test. However, I take the
view that the efficacy of the insider trading regime would be best maintained
by imposing a narrow view of what is “generally available information”. Lew’s
counter-argument was that it would place an onerous burden on company insiders
as they would not be able to trade on their option shares, which, I recognise,
may comprise a not insubstantial portion of their income (see generally the
observations of the US District Court for Eastern District of Pennsylvania in
_United States of America v Kevin Heron_ 525 F Supp 2d 72). However, that is
not a good reason for construing “generally available information”
expansively. As was observed by BG Lee (Parliamentary Debates at col
2157-2158):

First, may I explain that whether or not a trade violates the insider trading
rules does not depend on the restriction period. It _depends on whether or not
you have sensitive inside information at the time of trading_. It can be
outside the restricted period. But if you have some information, you know
something is going to happen, you trade on it, you have violated the rule. And
when we say it is information-connected rather than person-connected, we mean
that it goes down the chain - I told you, he told the next person, and so on.
It is information-connected.

[Emphasis added]

Clearly, therefore, if a company executive is in possession of sensitive
information that is not known to the market, he should not be allowed to trade
in those securities.

64 With regard to the market analysis test, Lew argued that the words
“deduction, conclusion and inference” in s 215(c) should be given their
respective dictionary meanings, with an “inference” being less certain than a
conclusion. As such, under the market analysis test, the “deductions,
conclusions or inferences” need not be correct, so long as it is not fanciful
and was arrived at with some basis. It would be possible to arrive at
different conclusions, deductions or inferences from the same data, and
therefore, the threshold for such “deductions, conclusions or inferences” was
rationality, not certainty.

65 In _R v Hannes_ [2000] NSWCCA 503 (“ _Hannes_ ”), a person who called
himself “M Booth” had instructed his brokers to purchase call options in TNT
Limited (“TNT”). The call options were due to expire in two months, had a
strike price of $2, and were purchased at 2 cents a piece. Two weeks later, a
take-over bid for TNT was announced at $2.45 per share, and TNT’s share price
rose to $2.25 as a consequence. “M Booth” made a $2m profit from his call
options. The jury, after considering the evidence, took the view that H had
purchased the options using the false name “M Booth”. H was an executive
director of MCF, a division of a major bank that had advised TNT at the
material time.

66 The prosecution in _Hannes_ relied on the cumulative effects of four
separate elements of the information possessed by H, namely, that (_Hannes_ at
[28]):

(a) there was a prospect that TNT would be the subject of a take-over;

(b) there was a prospect that the offer would be at a price in excess of $2
per share;

(c) MCF was advising TNT in relation to the possible take-over; and

(d) TNT securities had been placed on MCF’s embargo list.

67 On appeal, H raised a number of grounds to challenge his conviction,
including the ground that the trial judge had erred in directing the jury on
the type of information which was considered to be “not generally available”
(see _Hannes_ at [103]). On this point, the appellant sought to rely on,
_inter alia_ , contemporaneous brokers’ reports and newspapers articles, which
referred to TNT as a take-over target and valued TNT shares in excess of $2
each. Spigelman CJ first observed that the reports and articles only related
to the first two of the four elements of information that the Prosecution
relied on. He observed, in respect of the third and fourth elements, that (see
_Hannes_ at [256]):

The fact that the company was seeking advice with respect to these matters and
the further fact that that advice was of sufficient significance to warrant an
embargo of this character, _was an important part of the insider information
contained in the particulars_. At whatever level of probability the prospect
of a take-over at a price could be seen to exist at any relevant time, _these
further factors increase the quality of that information in a manner which is
plainly of significance_. [emphasis added]

68 In addition, Spigelman CJ also observed that the articles and reports
relied on by the accused were not of the same quality as the information in
his possession, as follow (see _Hannes_ at [258]):

The "information" which the jury had to consider was whether or not there was
a "prospect" that shares in TNT "would be the subject of a takeover" and
whether or not there was a "prospect" that an offer "would be at a price in
excess of $2 per share". References in the brokers' research were of the
following character: "TNT as a take-over candidate" and "We currently value
TNT at $2.20/share" (AB4546); "Takeover Value Estimated At $2.21" and
"Takeover Value $2.21" (AB4689). _Such references are of little, if any,
assistance on the issue whether or not the information in the particulars was
"generally available"_. [emphasis added]

69 Despite the vagaries in those articles and reports, H argued that the
information in his possession could have been deduced or inferred from
information generally available (i.e., the reports and articles). Spigelman CJ
gave short shrift to this argument, explaining that:

275 No doubt the analyses were "deductions, conclusions, and inferences" from
matter that was "generally available". _However, none of it is of the
character of the "information" particularised. It is not about the "prospect"
that there "would be" a take-over at a price above $2. Nor, obviously, is it
about the fact that TNT had appointed MCF as advisers and MCF had placed TNT
shares on an embargo list_.

276 In my opinion, the information specified in the particulars _was not of
the same character_ as that contained in the brokers' reports. _Those reports
deduced from the objective circumstances of the company the possibility of a
takeover. The brokers' reports also computed, on a variety of bases, the
brokers' valuations, some of which were in excess of $2_.

277 The "information" particularised, although it could have been more
felicitously expressed in this respect, _has an element of probability which
is not present in any of the brokers' reports_. Both of the first sentences as
to the prospect of a take-over and of the price use the word "_would_ ". The
reference to "prospect" indicates an element of indefiniteness. However, an
element of "probability" rather than mere "possibility" is contained in the
word "would". This element is emphasised by the third sentence of the
particulars, referring to the involvement of MCF as an adviser and the embargo
list. In my opinion, nothing in the nature of the "deductions, conclusions or
inferences" contained in any of the brokers' reports suggested that it was
based on information of the same character as that contained in the
"information" as particularised.

[emphasis added]

70 Spigelman CJ further explained that (see _Hannes_ at [382]):

[T]he stockbroker reports and newspaper articles relied upon were, as I have
said above, _of a qualitatively different character to the matter
particularised in the first two sentences of the particularised "Information"_
which referred to a prospect that TNT "would be the subject of a take-over"
and that the offer "would be at a price in excess of $2 per share". _This went
well beyond informed analysis of the vulnerability of TNT to a take-over. The
brokers' valuations in excess of $2 per share were of a different quality to
the information particularised which concerned the likely price of a
prospective take-over, rather than a valuation based, as such valuations must
be based, on information of varying and often unknown reliability, employing a
diversity of valuation techniques_. [emphasis added]

71 In short, _Hannes_ supports the proposition that the deduction, conclusion
or inference drawn must be of the _same quality and character_ as the
information possessed by the defendant. Otherwise, a person who possesses
information that a merger is about to take place will be able to trade, so
long as there are rumours in the market that the merger may take place. I
accept the submission of MAS that _Hannes_ applies with equal force in
Singapore. It would make no sense to allow a corporate insider to trade with
impunity simply because (whether fortuitously or otherwise) the same outcome
had been predicted by outsiders with less certainty. The insider possesses
information of an entirely different quality from that relied upon by an
outsider, in the sense that the information available to the insider is more
reliable, and the predictions by the insider are therefore more certain than
that by an outsider. To allow the corporate insider to trade on the basis of
more reliable insider information simply because the same outcome could be
predicted by outsiders with less certainty would be to promote an unequal
playing field. I therefore reject Lew’s contention that rationality to the
exclusion of certainty is the threshold for the market analysis test.

The parties’ arguments

72 On the facts, Lew relied on various press releases from WBL, announcements
posted on SGX’s or WBL’s websites and public announcements by MFS, M-Flex or
WBL’s major customers (e.g. Motorola). As I had highlighted earlier (at [63]
above), there is no real dispute that such information satisfies the readily
observable test or publishable information test.

73 Lew’s argument was that the forecasted loss and impairment could have been
deduced, concluded or inferred using the market analysis test, because:

(a) The Q1 FY07 Announcement (see above at [13]) and Q2 FY07 Announcement (see
above at [14]) showed a declining trend, suggesting that there was a “real
possibility of a continuing decline in performance”. Since there was no good
news during this period, the generally available information on WBL as on 2
July 2007 was “pessimistic and cautious”.

(b) WBL’s profit in Q2 FY07, being only 0.32% of its revenue, was marginal and
insignificant in comparison. As such, any deterioration in performance would
easily bring WBL into a loss. Based on Q2 FY07’s results, it was “certainly a
real possibility” that it could be deduced, concluded or inferred that Q3 FY07
would be a loss. This was especially since those profit and revenue figures
were readily available figures which WBL expressly brought to the public’s
attention.

(c) In WBL’s forward looking statements in their results announcements for the
past six quarters, the company suggested that its performance could
deteriorate. Despite subsequent drops in profits, WBL maintained that its
results were “in line” with its previous guidance. Considering WBL’s declining
profits and those pessimistic statements, a loss was therefore more logically
probable for Q3 FY07. This was especially since “companies trumpet good news
and are euphemistic about bad news”. It was reasonable to use the preceding
six quarters of financial information as it was not affected by any
impairments and therefore reflected a fair view of WBL’s operational
performance.

In the light of the above, Lew argued that while the market did not know of
the forecast made by WBL’s management, it was possible to conclude, deduce or
infer that WBL would make a loss. It did not matter if it was the right or
only conclusion, so long as it was a reasonable conclusion.

74 Lew had further argued that the impairment could have been deduced,
concluded or inferred from the generally available information. In particular,
while WPT was not a major part of WBL, its poor performance had been
consistently singled out by WBL’s management. Despite the management’s
assurance given in Q3 FY06 and Q4 FY06 that it would improve margins, WPT’s
results did not show any improvement. WBL’s press release for Q2 FY07 would
have been viewed with even more pessimism as it was retrenching staff and
scaling down on operations without explaining why they failed to turn WPT
around. As such, Lew contended that it was objectively possible to conclude,
deduce or infer that WBL would “have to contemplate the closing down of the
WPT business, sale of WPT or the downsizing and continuation of WPT and the
consequent impairment which may be taken”. Therefore, the news of the
impairment taken by WPT would have been in the market, in the sense that under
the market analysis test such information could be deduced, concluded or
inferred, on 4 July 2007.

75 To summarise, Lew’s argument was that a person who considered WBL’s results
and forward-looking statements for the past six quarters, would or could reach
the deduction, conclusion or inference that WBL would suffer a loss in the
next quarter, and that WBL would take a sizeable impairment on WPT.

76 MAS’ case was that such information was not publicly available. Nothing in
the results announcements or forward-looking statements suggested that WBL
would make a loss, and no profit warning was given either. MAS highlighted
that the trend analysis could not be relied on as it was not reliable. MAS
also argued that an investor could not possibly know that the impairment would
be taken since it was a one-off event, especially since WBL announced that WPT
had incurred retrenchments costs in Q2 FY07 which suggested that its operating
losses would decrease with time. The circumstantial evidence also suggested
that the deductions, conclusions or inferences relied on by Lew could not
arise.

Was the forecasted loss “generally available information”?

77 I will now consider Lew’s argument that the forward-looking statements and
results announcements suggested that WBL would suffer a loss in Q3 FY07, and
that it was a real possibility that WBL would incur a loss then because its
profits were already hovering just above breakeven. Chong’s evidence on this
point was that there was no indication that WBL would suffer a loss in Q3
FY07. While the forward-looking statements and results announcements were
cautious, it did not state that WBL would suffer a loss. In addition, WBL did
not incur a loss in previous quarters even though the results announcements
and forward-looking statements released prior to those quarters were similarly
cautious. No profit warning had been issued by WBL as of 4 July 2007, and
investors would therefore not deduce, conclude or infer that it would be
announcing a loss the next quarter.

78 I accept Chong’s evidence on this point. None of the forward-looking
statements or results announcements alluded to the possibility that WBL was
going to suffer a loss in the next quarter, although I accept that they were
fairly described as being pessimistic. In this regard, I find it significant
that no profit warning was issued. Chong, who is also a director of several
companies, gave unchallenged evidence that it would have been bad practice
from a corporate governance perspective for any company not to issue a profit
warning before announcing a loss. Lew’s expert, R, also agreed that a
reasonable investor could not reasonably have expected a loss at the end of Q2
FY07, based on the forward-looking statements and results announcements. That
would militate against any conclusion, deduction or inference that WBL was
likely to suffer a loss.

79 Another argument of Lew was that if one considered WBL’s consistently
declining but positive PATMI for the past six quarters, it would be “rational”
to conclude, deduce or infer that a loss would materialise in Q3 FY07. I do
not accept this argument. Insofar as the regression analysis is used to show
that it was _possible_ for a person to deduce a loss in Q3 FY07, it does not
assist Lew’s case. This is so because the conclusions drawn by Lew based on
the information he possessed would have been of far greater certainty than the
conclusions drawn from a regression analysis based merely on six data points.
In other words, because of the difference in the quality of information (the
information Lew had as compared with the six data points available to the
public) Lew could be more certain of his conclusions than an investor who
relied on the regression analysis (see in this regard [71] above). Insofar as
this regression analysis is used to show that there was the _same_ degree of
probability that a loss would be incurred by WBL in Q3 FY07, I reject the
argument. In addition to the point made earlier that Lew could be more certain
of his conclusions than an investor who relied on the regression analysis to
draw his conclusions because of the difference in the quality of information
on which the conclusions were drawn, the regression analysis was also
deficient as an analytical tool. As Chong had pointed out, taken to its
logical extreme, the invocation of the regression analysis would lead one to
the conclusion that WBL would never make a profit from Q2 FY07 onwards.
Furthermore, the accuracy of Lew’s simple regression analysis is also
questionable. There were only six data points and such an analysis assumed,
very questionably, in my view, that the variables were homoscedastic, i.e.
that there was a constant variance. Lew conceded that it was “anybody’s guess”
what the results for Q3 FY07 would be based on the regression analysis. R,
during cross-examination, found it “naïve” to think that an investor would
apply a linear regression to predict the future, in the first place.

80 I conclude that a forecast based on the regression analysis could not be of
the same quality as a forecast made by Lew based on the information he
possessed, which rested, _inter alia_ , on figures for two months of actual
results. This argument did not support Lew’s position that the information he
possessed was generally available. For the foregoing reasons, I hold that the
forecasted loss was not generally available information.

Whether the taking of an impairment was “generally available information”

81 WPT was consistently singled out by WBL in its announcements despite its
relative small size. WBL’s management gave repeated assurances that things
would improve at WPT but it never did. WBL also announced that it was
retrenching staff and scaling back on operations in WPT. In addition, WPT’s
losses for the first half of FY07 were as bad as its loss for the whole of
FY06. Based on these bits of information, Lew argued that it could be deduced,
concluded or inferred that the impairment would be taken, as WPT was doing
very badly despite the management’s attempts to turn it around. Again, the
deduction, conclusion and inference he sought to draw is clearly of a
different quality. This form of inference is, at best, _speculative_. This is
in contrast to the information Lew possessed, that it was _very likely_ that a
_significant_ impairment would be recognised. On this ground alone, Lew’s
contention that information on the impairment was generally available would
fail, since it is clearly of disparate quality. As MAS rightly pointed out,
the public would also not possess various particularised aspects of the
information Lew possessed, for example, that the decision to impair came from
the CEO or that WPT had recorded losses that were worse than expected. Lew and
R both agreed that the quantum of the impairment could not be deduced by the
investing public, again, lending support to the finding that the information
possessed by Lew and the inference he sought to draw were of disparate
quality.

82 It is difficult to see how it can be argued that the information which Lew
possessed, that WBL would very likely incur a _significant_ loss in Q3 FY07,
was generally available. As MAS pointed out, there was no evidence of any
report by any investor or analyst that deduced, inferred or concluded the
information that Lew possessed. I therefore hold that MAS has established that
the information Lew possessed was not generally available.

Did the information have a material effect on the price of WBL shares?

83 Section 218(1)(a) of the SFA, additionally, requires the information to be
of such a character that:

… a reasonable person would expect it to have a material effect on the price
or value of securities of that corporation…

84 As to what is considered of “material effect”, s 216 of the SFA sets out
that:

**Material effect on price or value of securities**

**216**. For the purposes of this Division, a reasonable person would be taken
to expect information to have a material effect on the price or value of
securities _if the information would, or would be likely to, influence persons
who commonly invest in securities in deciding whether or not to subscribe for,
buy or sell the first-mentioned securities_. [emphasis added]

85 In other words, the relevant test here is whether a reasonable person would
expect that the information in question _would_ , or _would be likely_ to,
influence the common investor in deciding whether or not to buy or sell WBL
shares. The following principles can be distilled from these provisions and
the cases:

(a) From the language of the provision, it is clear that the test is to be
objectively applied (see also _Hannes_ at [287]).

(b) From the language of the provision, it is also clear that there is no need
for there to be an actual impact on company’s share price in order to
establish the element of materiality (see _The Law of Insider Trading in
Australia_ at p 25).

(c) Be that as it may, the court is entitled, in deciding the materiality of
the information, to consider the actual effect on the price of the securities
when the announcement is released. However, the court, in so assessing the
materiality of the information, should remain alive to the possibility that
the quality of the information announced (which may be couched in absolute
terms) may not be the same as that possessed by the defendant (which may be
couched in terms of a high degree of probability) (see _Hannes_ at [295] and
[298] and _R v Rivkin_ [2004] NSWCCA 7 (“ _Rivkin_ ”) at [195]). As was
observed in _Hannes v DPP (Cth) (No 2)_ [2006] NSWCCA 373 at [351]:

Further, the probative value of such evidence will undoubtedly vary from case
to case and will depend in part on which element or elements of the charge the
evidence may support. In particular, where the evidence goes to questions of
general availability or materiality, it must be borne in mind that the jury is
invited to speculate as to whether information has been made known in a manner
likely to bring it to the attention of persons who commonly invest in
securities of a particular kind and whether a reasonable person would be taken
to expect such information to have a material effect on the price or value of
the security. _The actual effect of the release of the information to the
marketplace is not necessarily without probative value in answering those
questions. The possibility that other factors may have affected the market for
a particular security at a particular time must always be borne in mind, but
to reject information as to price movements out of hand on that basis is at
least to risk inviting the jury to speculate, without the assistance of the
only concrete evidence which might be thought to provide some assistance in
undertaking that evaluation_.

[emphasis added]

(d) The source of the information is relevant towards the test of materiality
and can have a significant impact on price-sensitivity (see _Rivkin_ at [132],
[134] and [232]).

86 It has been suggested that the decisions of the US courts on the
materiality threshold are persuasive in the Australian context and, by parity
of reasoning, in Singapore (see Baxt, Black and Hanrahan, _Securities and
Financial Services Law_ (Chatswood, N.S.W.: LexisNexis Butterworths, 7th Ed,
2008) at para 18-17). The leading case in the US on the materiality threshold
is _TSC Industries Inc v Northway Inc_ (1976) 426 US 438 (“TSC”), wherein the
US Supreme Court held that information would be considered material if (at p
448-449):

[T]here is a substantial likelihood that a reasonable shareholder would
consider it important in deciding how to vote. … It does not require proof of
a substantial likelihood that disclosure of the omitted fact would have caused
the reasonable investor to change his vote. What the standard does contemplate
is a showing of a substantial likelihood that, under all the circumstances,
the omitted fact would have assumed actual significance in the deliberations
of the reasonable shareholder. _Put another way, there must be a substantial
likelihood that the disclosure of the omitted fact would have been viewed by
the reasonable investor as having significantly altered the “total mix” of
information made available_. [emphasis added]

87 However, this approach appears to have been criticised by the Court of
Appeal of Western Australia in _Jubilee Mines NL v Riley_ [2009] WASCA 62, on
the ground that (at [34], per Martin CJ):

Section 1001D [in pari materia with s 216 of the SFA] did not require that the
information should have a “material” effect on the share price. Rather, the
effect of the section was to obviate the need to address the question of
whether a reasonable person would be taken to expect a “material” effect on
price to be produced by deeming that question to be answered in the
affirmative if the information would, or would be likely to, influence persons
who commonly invest in the relevant securities in deciding whether or not to
subscribe for, or buy or sell those securities. _Further, the “material
effect” referred to in ss 1001A and 1001D is the effect on price, whereas the
materiality referred to in the case cited by the master is the materiality of
information: TSC Industries Inc v Northway Inc 426 US 438 (1976)_. [emphasis
added]

88 The italicised portion of the judgment, read in isolation, suggests that
the Court of Appeal of Western Australia treated the US and Australian
approach on materiality as being conceptually different, as the former
approach is concerned with the materiality of the _information_ itself, while
the latter approach is concerned with materiality in the sense of the effect
of the information on the share price. However, reading the judgment as a
whole, it was clear that the Court of Appeal of Western Australia was
criticising the trial judge’s holding that s 1001D of the Australian
Corporations Act required that the “information should have a “material”
effect on the share price”, conflating the two principles (on the materiality
of information and on materiality in terms of effect on share price) together
(at [33]). The Australian Corporations Act and the SFA both require proof that
a reasonable person would _expect_ the information in question to have a
material effect on the share price. It does not require proof that the
information _would_ have a “material” effect on the share price. An
expectation that certain information would have a material effect on the share
price and the actual materialisation of that effect are different things. In
addition, a reasonable person is _deemed_ to _expect_ that the information
would have a material effect on the share price, if it is shown that the
information _would, or would be likely to, influence_ a common investor in
deciding whether or not to buy or sell the shares of that company. In other
words, there is no basis for rejecting the US approach simply because the test
of materiality there is referable to information, and not share price. In my
view, the approach in _TSC_ is persuasive, insofar as it serves as a reminder
to the court that the materiality of the “inside” information is to be
considered in the context of the information that is available in the market,
and how the “inside” information affects or alters the information that is
available in the market when made public. It is noteworthy that the ruling in
_TSC_ was adopted by the US Supreme Court in _Basic Inc v Levison_ (1988) 485
US 224 in relation to Rule 10b-5 in the context of insider trading.

89 It is common ground between the parties that the date for assessing the
materiality of the information possessed by Lew is 4 July 2007, the date of
Lew’s trade. It would be useful at this juncture to refer to two Australian
cases, where a finding of materiality was made out in one but not in the
other. In _Australian Securities and Investments Commission v Citigroup Global
Markets Australia Pty Ltd (No 4)_ [2007] FCA 963, the Federal Court of
Australia found that even if information that Citigroup was acting for a
particular client was generally available, it would _not_ have had a material
effect at the time of the alleged insider trade by the defendant, because the
price had, at that point of time, already reflected a substantial likelihood
of a takeover (at [569] and [571]). In _Rivkin_ , the appellant heard from M,
the Executive Chairman of Impulse Airlines (“Impulse”), that there was a deal
for merging Impulse with Qantas, that he could only buy the accused’s property
after ACCC had approved the merger, and that he believed the ACCC approval
would be forthcoming (see _Rivkin_ at [4]-[5]). The appellant then instructed
his broker to purchase shares in Qantas for his company and was charged for
insider trading. The court observed that the appellant’s expert had conceded
that “the fact of the price rise, after the announcement, meant that the
market had not factored in the disappearance of one of the players” (see
_Rivkin_ at [196]) and agreed that the information was, therefore, material.

90 Lew raised a whole host of arguments to assert that the information he
possessed was not material. I will deal with each argument in turn.

91 In respect of the forecasted loss, Lew argued that the information was not
material on two broad grounds. First, generally, such forecasts were
inherently flawed because:

(a) a number of WBL’s subsidiaries did not have qualified accountants
preparing the figures;

(b) there was a great deal of subjectivity involved in preparing the
forecasts, for example, in determining any consolidation adjustment; and

(c) Lew’s past experience was that the forecasts were not a reliable predictor
of whether WBL would record a profit or a loss.

92 Second, Lew claimed that the specific forecasted information was not
definite because it did not incorporate the forecast figures of M-Flex and MFS
even though both were key subsidiaries. The figures for June 2007 were simply
forecasts. The overall forecast was also so close to break-even point that any
such small errors or accounting adjustments could result in WBL breaking even
or recording a profit. This uncertainty was, in Lew’s view, reflected in the
fact that WBL did not announce a profit warning immediately after the 2 July
2007 GMC Meeting.

93 I reject Lew’s arguments. First, Lew’s submissions assumed that the common
investor would know that the forecasts provided were generally unreliable
(assuming that the common investor was privy to the forecasts). It would not
be possible to attribute such knowledge to the common investor. In _Rivkin_ ,
for example, the trial judge directed that the jury could take into account
(at [227]):

… the fact that persons who commonly invest in securities would be taken to
have the ability to assess the reliability of information, and information of
the kind under consideration here. _This ability would include a knowledge of
matters that are generally available. Such persons would be able to draw
inferences from the Information itself in assessing its reliability._[emphasis
added]

One of the appellant’s arguments on appeal was that the directions did not go
far enough to eliminate the precise circumstances in which the information had
been received in considering the materiality of the information. However, the
New South Wales Court of Criminal Appeal took the view that the directions
given were correct and appropriate (see _Rivkin_ at [232]). It is therefore
supported, by both logic and authority, that the common investor cannot
possess information that was not generally available or not inferable from
generally available information. In the present case, the common investor
cannot be expected to know about the unreliability (if true) of the forecasts
(assuming the forecasts had been made public).

94 Second, as of 4 July 2007, the latest publicly available information that a
common investor possessed on WBL’s financial matters would be its Q2 FY07
results. It is inconceivable that a forecast by WBL itself that was based, in
part, on two months of actual results, could not influence the common
investor’s decision to buy or sell shares. I agree with Chong’s commonsensical
approach that, _ceteris paribus_ , the more recent the information, the
greater weight a common investor would attach to it.

95 In my view, it would be too myopic to say, as Lew did, that the information
was not material because the forecasted loss was marginal and the $2m drop in
profits was small compared to WBL’s size and performance. WBL was about to
record its first loss after six consecutive quarters of profits. Nothing in
the forward-looking statements or results announcements suggested that a loss
was imminent. The fact that no profit warning had been issued as of 4 July
2007 meant that the common investor would not likely expect WBL to report a
loss for Q3 FY07. Taking all these factors into consideration, the common
investor would not expect a loss to be forthcoming. Seen in this light, the
forecasted loss would, at the least, be likely to influence the common
investor’s decision to buy or sell WBL shares. One would certainly take a step
back to consider if this would be the start of many more quarters of losses,
or was simply an aberration. As such, I am of the view that the common
investor would regard the information possessed by Lew on the forecasted loss
as being material.

96 I turn now to consider the impairment charge. I have already dealt with
Lew’s contention that the impairment was not certain or definite as of 2 July
2007, and that the value of the impairment was not known as of 2 July 2007
(see above at [43]-[48]). One other argument raised by Lew was that the common
investor would not react to the impairment because it was simply an accounting
adjustment and/or because of WBL’s previous impairment in Q4 FY05. I reject
this argument. Insofar as he suggested that there was no informational value
to the fact of an impairment, his assertion is unsubstantiated and may be
rejected outright. As for the reference to WBL’s previous impairment, Lew
argued that there was no real effect on WBL’s performance, and therefore, the
common investor would not be affected by the impairment in July 2007. However,
as Chong had pointed out, there were numerous differences between the
circumstances in which the previous impairment was taken in FY05, and the
circumstances in which the impairment was to be taken in Q3 FY07. In
particular, after the previous impairment in FY05 was announced, WBL’s share
price fell by 2.5% in a rising market, suggesting that news of the impairment
was material. Chong’s evidence was that the common investor would tend to look
at an impairment as “something big”, suggesting that it would have a material
effect on the share price. I agree. Much would depend on the common investor’s
expectations at that point in time – if, for example, the impairment was
smaller than expected by the common investor, the news of such an impairment
would certainly affect the common investor’s decision to invest or not. Here,
considering the quantum of the impairment, I cannot accept that the
information was not material. There was no evidence that the common investor
would have, in deciding whether to buy or sell WBL shares, already factored in
a significant impairment at the material time.

The expert evidence on materiality

97 I will now turn to consider how WBL’s share price reacted when the
information possessed by Lew was subsequently released. On this point, the
parties were diametrically opposed. MAS contended that the subsequent price
changes in WBL’s share price reflected that the information possessed was
material; Lew disagreed.

98 Given the numbers involved, it would be useful for me to briefly set out
the price changes that took place. It is not disputed that the three most
relevant points of time are 12 July 2007 (the day M-Flex issued its profit
warning), 17 July 2007 (the day MFS and WBL issued their profit warnings) and
14 August 2007 (the day WBL announced its actual loss figures and the
impairment).

12 July 2007

99 The M-Flex profit warning was released by WBL at 12.40 pm on 12 July 2007.
Coincidentally, WBL went ex-dividend (at 8.5 cents per share) on the same day.
The relevant information is as follows:

Date |  Close |  Volume  
---|---|---  
11 July 07 |  $5.00 |  107,000  
12 July 07 |  $4.92 |  38,000  
13 July 07 |  $4.92 |  48,000  
16 July 07 |  $4.98 |  75,000  
  
  

100 Lew attributed the fall in price on 12 July 2007 to the share going ex-
dividend on that date. After that information had been made known to the
public and had affected the share price accordingly, Lew submitted that it was
apparent that there was no significant change in share price over the next
three trading days, suggesting that the M-Flex announcement had little impact.

101 MAS argued that Lew had taken a flawed interpretation of the data. First,
the fall in share price on 12 July 2007 took place in a rising market. Also,
WBL shares started to under perform the Straits Times Index (“STI”) from 12
July 2007 onwards. In addition, the opening price on 12 July 2007 was $4.98.
The announcement of the profit warning by M-Flex therefore resulted in the
additional losses for that day.

17 July 2007

102 MFS issued its profit warning before trading began on 17 July 2007. WBL’s
profit warning was issued after trading closed for the day. The relevant
information is as follows:

Date |  Close |  Volume  
---|---|---  
17 July 07 |  $5.00 |  67,000  
18 July 07 |  $4.90 |  389,000  
19 July 07 |  $5.00 |  204,000  
20 July 07 |  $5.00 |  106,000  
  
  

103 Lew’s argument was that the changes in WBL’s share price (or the lack
thereof) reflected that the market was not surprised by the information that
WBL would record a loss in Q3 FY07. The lack of reaction over WBL’s profit
warning could not be attributed to M-Flex’s earlier announcement as the
results of MFS, the other major component, were still unknown. Investors would
therefore be slow to conclude that WBL would make a loss just because of
M-Flex’s results.

104 MAS argued that the MFS and WBL profit warnings did not cause any
significant impact on WBL’s share price. The common investor would have, based
on the M-Flex profit warning, viewed WBL’s profit warning as unsurprising.

14 August 2007

105 WBL’s Q3 FY07 results were announced on 14 August 2007 after the close of
trading. The relevant information is as follows:

Date |  Close |  Volume |  % change |  % change STI  
---|---|---|---|---  
14 August 07 |  $4.78 |  16,000 |  NA |   
15 August 07 |  NA |  |  NA |  (3.4)  
16 August 07 |  $4.68 |  17,000 |  (2.1) |  (3.7)  
17 August 07 |  NA |  |  NA |  (0.69)  
20August 07 |  NA |  |  NA |  6.1  
21 August 07 |  $4.68 |  6,000 |  0 |  2.8  
22 August 07 |  $4.46 |  45,000 |  (3.8) |  2.9  
23 August 07 |  $4.46 |  69,000 |  0 |  1.5  
  
  

106 Lew argued that the fall in the share price on 16 August 2007 was
insignificant. The volume traded was minimal and was not a fair representation
of how the common investor reacted. There were no trades, and therefore, no
interest or reaction over the next two days (i.e., 17 and 20 August 2007).
This suggested that the information on the impairment had no influence on the
common investor.

107 MAS submitted that the news of the impairment had a significant impact on
the common investor’s decision-making process. It highlighted that while there
was a positive correlation between WBL’s share price and the STI before 15
August 2007, the positive correlation became a negative correlation after that
date. This was because investors “sharply revised downwards their assessment
of WBL”. MAS also relied on the bid-ask spread for WBL shares over the next
four trading days to establish that there was a significant impact on the
share price.

Whether the trades reflected that the information was material

108 I will deal with the M-Flex profit announcement made on 12 July 2007
first. I accept that there was no perfect correlation between the size of the
dividend given and the drop in WBL’s share price. I should observe that it may
not always be safe to simply rely on the opening price on the ex-dividend date
as the benchmark for the ex-dividend share price, as evidence on how the share
price reacted after the first trade may be material towards ascertaining the
ex-dividend price, especially since it is accepted that markets do not operate
with perfect efficiency. I should, however, observe that the STI rose by
nearly 1% at the opening bell, which would go a long way towards explaining
the first traded ex-dividend price of $4.98.

109 If that was the case, a six cent (or 1.2%) drop would be attributable to
M-Flex’s profit warning. The STI rose by 0.8% on the same day, suggesting that
the news had, approximately, a 2% impact on WBL’s share price. On 13 July
2007, WBL’s share price remained unchanged, but the STI rose by 0.8% again. On
16 July 2007, WBL’s share price rose by 1.2%, with the STI remaining flat.
Chong suggested that WBL’s share underperformed the STI between 12 July 2007
and 16 July 2007. While that may be true in absolute terms, in my view, it
must also be considered that the percentages involved were relatively small.
As such, I take the view that the changes in WBL’s share price after the
M-Flex announcement suggested that the news had some, but not a major or
significant impact, on investors.

110 Both MAS and Lew agreed that the MFS and WBL profit warnings had no
significant impact on the market. Lew attributed this to the fact that the
market was not surprised by WBL’s loss; MAS attributed this to the fact that
the market had already expected WBL to record a loss after M-Flex’s profit
warning. Given my conclusion that the M-Flex profit warning did not have a
significant impact on WBL’s share price, it must necessarily follow that the
profit warnings of MFS and WBL also did not have any significant impact on
WBL’s share price. As such, the market did not appear to regard the
information on the loss to be a significant factor towards their evaluation of
WBL.

111 What was the effect that the news of the impairment and the actual losses
had on the market? In my view, such news was clearly considered by the market
to be material for a number of reasons. I agree that the information on the
bid-ask spread is relevant towards ascertaining the effect the news had on the
market. Lew had suggested that the prevalence of deleted entries and the small
number of bidders involved meant that those bidders were not serious. I cannot
accept that this was the case. Many of the deleted bids were instantaneously
followed by a higher bid, which suggests that the bidders were slowly trying
to close the bid-ask spread.

112 I turn my attention now to look at how the WBL share price fluctuated
after the loss and impairment was announced. For 15 August 2007, there were no
takers for the lowest asking price of $4.60 (which represented a 3.8% decline
in share price from the previous day); this is compared with a 3.4% drop in
the STI on the same day. The data for 15 August 2007 is inconclusive as no
trades were carried out. On 16 August 2007, WBL’s share price outperformed the
STI, but I would observe that the volume traded was low. On 17 August 2007,
there were no takers for WBL shares at $4.68. On 20 August 2007, there were no
takers for WBL shares even at the lowest asking price of $4.70, although the
STI saw a gain of more than six percent that day. The divergence became more
stark between 21 and 23 August 2007, when WBL shares changed hands at a
falling price despite a rising market. Chong’s evidence was that no more than
three market days should be used to analyse the impact of the results
announcements. I accept that this should usually be the case, but in this case
where the volume thinned out and there were no trades on two days, I see no
reason why the court cannot take into consideration the trades that took place
subsequently, particularly if they were significant. Here, I find it
especially significant that the STI rose by more than 10% between 20 August
2007 and 22 August 2007 but the price of WBL shares dropped by nearly 4%
during the same period. It is also noteworthy that the significant volumes
were registered only at $4.46, suggesting that that was the price at which the
market valued WBL shares, taking into account the impairment and losses.

113 In my view, given that the investors were given advance warning of the
losses and the quantum of the operating losses for that quarter was relatively
small (at $0.7m), the drop in WBL’s share price was largely attributable to
the news on the taking of the impairment and its quantum.

Conclusion on whether the information was material.

114 There is little doubt that the news of the impairment was material. The
market clearly did not expect WBL to recognise the impairment at that point of
time and at that quantum, resulting in a drop in WBL’s share price after news
of the impairment was announced. The empirical evidence therefore supported
the predictive evidence that the fact of the taking of the impairment and its
quantum was material information.

115 As for the loss, the issue is quite finely balanced. On the one hand,
there is strong evidence that the common investor would not have expected a
loss given the absence of statements to that effect in previous results
announcements and forward-looking statements, and the absence of any profit
warning. As for the empirical evidence, I accept that a two percent drop in
WBL’s share price (after factoring in the rise in the STI) would ordinarily be
material. However, I am mindful that this two percent estimate comes with a
large standard deviation. If, for example, there was a one-bid increase or
decrease in “true” ex-dividend price and WBL had a record of rising and
falling less than the STI (i.e., a beta not equivalent to one), the two
percent figure would be affected. In this regard, the empirical evidence was
not as strong as that for the impairment. Be that as it may, the empirical
evidence still shows that the news of the loss had some effect on the price of
WBL’s share. Further, it must be remembered that the SFA does not require
actual proof that there was a material effect on the price of the share – it
simply requires a reasonable person to _expect_ it to have such effect. As
such, taking into account the predictive effect of the forecasted loss, I take
the view that the information that WBL would record a loss in Q3 FY07 was
material.

Did Lew know or ought reasonably to know that the information was not
generally available and that if it was generally available, it might have a
material effect on the price of WBL shares?

116 Given that MAS has successfully proven that Lew was in possession of
information concerning WBL that was not generally available, under s 218(4) of
the SFA, it is assumed that Lew knew, at the material time, that the
information was not generally available, and that if generally available, it
_might_ have a material effect on the price or value of WBL shares.

117 Lew’s position was that he did not know or ought reasonably to have known
that the information was not generally available and that it would have a
material effect on the price of WBL shares, if available, for the following
reasons.

118 First, Lew claimed that his past experience with the forecasts was that
they were not a “reliable predictor” of whether WBL would make a loss or
profit. Any small errors, one-off items or consolidation adjustments could
have caused WBL to turn in a profit instead. As such, Lew did not attach much
significance to the forecast given at the 2 July 2007 GMC Meeting, and could
only recall that it was a small loss. Additionally, Lew claimed that it was
significant that no profit warning had been discussed at the 2 July 2007 GMC
Meeting, which in his view, meant that the forecast provided was just “another
volatile forecast”.

119 With respect to the impairment charge, Lew’s case was that he did not
think it would be detrimental to WBL. WPT was a small company which had a big
impact on WBL’s profits. An impairment was simply an accounting adjustment and
it was not necessarily detrimental as it did not involve the company’s cash-
flow. In the present case, the impairment would be beneficial to WBL as it
would enable WBL to improve its bottom-line. This was, in fact, the case when
post-Q3 FY07 results were released, with WBL recognising that its increased
profits were due (in part) to the closure of WPT.

120 In addition, Lew highlighted that WBL’s AC and management had discussed
the impairment for the past nine months. However, no decision was made;
instead, the deadline was constantly pushed back. In addition, it was
highlighted to the AC that there were other potential deals, and Lew (who was
not involved in WPT) could not have known that those options were dead. From
Lew’s perspective and experience, those matters could have been taken
“offline” for discussion. Dr Lim, the person in charge of WPT, was also not
present at the meeting, and Lew knew that Dr Lim and Wong would be going to
Thailand for discussions with potential buyers after the meeting. Further,
there was no requisite quorum for the 2 July 2007 GMC Meeting. Additionally,
the impairment charge would not have been $30m, given the value of WPT’s
assets and the need for a valuation report to ascertain the relevant
valuations. There was also no discussion on a profit warning at the 2 July
2007 GMC Meeting, suggesting that no decision to take the impairment charge
had taken place.

121 As for Swee Hong’s opinion that the information was price-sensitive, Lew
argued that it was for him to make the relevant judgment call, and that he had
acted reasonably in disagreeing with her view. Lew had, on a number of earlier
occasions, sold WBL shares and duly reported them, expecting WBL to point out
to him if there were any problems. In any case, Lew was more experienced than
Swee Hong in areas of finance. Lew’s open conduct was therefore not indicative
of an insider trader.

122 The response of MAS was straightforward. In its view, the evidence adduced
show that there was no doubt that Lew had traded with the requisite knowledge,
given the sequence of events at the material time, as well as the answers he
(Lew) gave in subsequent interviews with WBL’s external lawyers and the MAS.

Did Lew know or ought reasonably to know that the information was not
generally available?

123 Lew, in his submissions, did not deny that he knew that the information he
possessed was not generally available. Indeed, in his interviews with WBL’s
counsel (on 12 July 2007) and with the MAS (on 11 September 2007), Lew agreed
that that was the case. I therefore find that Lew knew that the information
was not generally available.

Did Lew know or ought reasonably to know that the information, if generally
available, might have a material effect on the price of WBL shares?

124 In respect of the forecasted losses, Lew’s submission was (in essence)
that such forecasts were unreliable, and that as a consequence, he did not
know (or ought reasonably to have known) that it might have a material impact
on WBL’s share price. Lew also submitted that an impairment was not
necessarily bad news for WBL and that there was no certainty that a decision
to impair had been taken at the 2 July 2007 GMC Meeting.

125 It is difficult to see how Lew could argue that he did not know, or ought
reasonably to know, that the forecasted loss _might_ have a material impact on
WBL’s share price. The threshold for materiality here is pitched at a lower
standard than that in s 218(a), as reflected in the use of the word “might”
here instead of the word “would” in s 218(a). In my view, it was disingenuous
of Lew to contend that he did not know that the forecasted loss might have a
material effect on the price of WBL shares, for the same reasons as explained
above (at [95]). Even if Lew did not know this as a matter of fact, I find
that he ought reasonably to have known that the information _might_ have a
material effect on the price of WBL shares. Quite plainly, the fact that a
large company that had turned in six consecutive quarters of profits was going
to suffer an operational loss _might_ have a material impact on that company’s
share price.

126 As for the impairment, similarly, I find it difficult to believe that Lew
did not know that it might have a material effect on the share price of WBL.
Lew knew that the impairment would be a significant one. Given the quantum, it
is difficult to see how it would not have had a material effect on the price
of WBL shares. While it may be fairly said that WPT’s troubles were publicly
well-documented, the common investor would not have known that a conditional
deadline to impair had been imposed by the AC, and that the condition had, in
all likelihood, not been satisfied as of the 2 July 2007 GMC Meeting (and
after the deadline imposed). Therefore, while the common investor may suspect
that an impairment would be taken at some point of time, the news that an
impairment would be immediately recognised must surely have a possible impact
on WBL share price. Even if, taking Lew’s case at its highest and recognising
that such an impairment was beneficial to WBL by enabling it to record profits
without being dragged down by WPT, one would then expect WBL’s share price to
rise.

127 I have, for reasons explained earlier, rejected Lew’s arguments that
decisions to impair had previously been made but not followed through. Lew’s
second argument in respect of the information on the impairment was, therefore
unsustainable. Again, for the reasons stated above (at [44]-[46]), I do not
accept Lew’s evidence that he did not know that no deal had materialised that
could save WPT from being impaired. Significantly, Wong and Swee Hong came out
of that meeting with the clear impression that no such deal had been reached.
In my view, Lew ought reasonably to have reached the same conclusion. Lew was
no babe in the woods, having served in WBL for many years and being a trained
accountant.

128 In addition, I would also observe that Swee Hong’s evidence was that she
had told Lew that the information was price-sensitive after the 2 July 2007
GMC Meeting, but before he executed the trade (see above at [30]-[33]). Lew
countered that Swee Hong’s opinion was immaterial and that he was entitled to
exercise his own judgment call, especially since he was more qualified in
areas of finance. MAS pointed out that the test in s 218(a) includes
constructive knowledge, and therefore, the issue is whether Lew’s opinion that
the information was immaterial was reasonable in the circumstances. I am of
the view that it was not. Lew had information of a better quality than the
market. The information related to significant impairments and a forecasted
loss after six quarters of consecutive profit. The market did not know that
the impairment or loss was to be recorded. Lew therefore ought reasonably to
know that the information _might_ have a material effect on the price of the
share. In any case, the burden of proof was on Lew to disprove his knowledge –
he has, quite plainly, failed to discharge his burden.

129 Therefore, I find that Lew knew that the impairment would materialise, and
for the same reasons as given above, that it might have a material effect on
WBL’s share price.

Conclusion

130 I find that MAS has satisfied, on a balance of probabilities, the
requisite elements to make out the claim for insider trading under s 218 of
the SFA against Lew. MAS is claiming a civil penalty from Lew under s 232(2)
of the SFA, which states:

(2) If the court is satisfied on a balance of probabilities that the person
has contravened a provision in this Part which resulted in his gaining a
profit or avoiding a loss, the court may make an order against him for the
payment of a civil penalty of a sum —

(a) not exceeding 3 times —

(i) the amount of the profit that the person gained; or

(ii) the amount of the loss that he avoided,

as a result of the contravention; or

(b) equal to $50,000 if the person is not a corporation, or $100,000 if the
person is a corporation,

whichever is the greater.

131 The position taken by MAS is that the loss avoided by Lew was the
difference in the price at which he sold his shares (i.e., $4.98) and the
price at which he could have sold his shares if he had complied with the
insider trading provisions. This, MAS submitted, would be 16 August 2007
(i.e., the first day after 14 August 2007 with trades), where the average
price of WBL shares was $4.68. As such, MAS contended that Lew avoided a loss
of $27,000 (30¢ x 90,000). The penalty would therefore range from $50,000 (see
s 232(2)(b)) to $81,000 (three times the loss avoided by Lew). According to
MAS, the highest possible civil penalty (of $81,000) ought to be imposed in
the present case as Lew had deliberately used the information he obtained
while he was a very senior officer in WBL to benefit himself, despite having
received advice to the contrary. MAS also sought costs of the present action.

132 Lew’s closing submissions did not address the issue of the civil penalty
at all. I will therefore hear the parties on this issue and also on costs on
another date. In that regard, the parties are to write in to the Registrar to
fix a hearing date.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 27 May 2010 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

