Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Sankar Jayakumar _v_ Public Prosecutor  
[2010] SGHC 190

Case Number| :| Magistrate's Appeal No 343 of 2009  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 02 July 2010  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Choo Han Teck J  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  N. Sreenivasan and Shankar A. S. (Straits Law Practice
LLC) for the appellant; Han Ming Kuang (Deputy Public Prosecutor) for the
respondent.  
Parties| :|  Sankar Jayakumar — Public Prosecutor  
  
2 July 2010|  
---|---  
  
Choo Han Teck J:

1 The appellant, a 42-year old man drove his car SFJ 5953 T into a traffic
controlled junction at Yishun Street 72 and Yishun Ring Road at 6.45am on 13
February 2008. In so doing his car collided against a motorcycle ridden by a
19-year old Ng Yaoming. Ng died as a result of the collision. His 20-year old
pillion rider, Wong Wei Xia was injured. The appellant was charged under s
66(1) of the Road Traffic Act, (Cap 276, 2004 Rev Ed) for driving in a manner
dangerous to the public. He was also charged under s 338 of the Penal Code
(Cap 224, 2008 Rev Ed) for causing grievous hurt to the pillion rider

2 The main issue at trial was whether the appellant drove into the junction
when the traffic light had already turned red against him. The prosecution
adduced evidence from Wong Wei Xia as well as two independent witnesses, Neo
Che Kok (“Neo”) and Haji Roslan bin Kasin (“Haji Roslan”). Neo testified that
he had stopped at the junction in the same direction as the motorcycle. When
he saw that the light changed to green in his favour he engaged the gears of
his truck and was about to move when he noticed the appellant’s maroon
coloured MPV “dash” past him and then the motorcycle crashed against the MPV.
Similarly, Haji Roslan who was on a bicycle gave a similar version of what he
saw. Neo and Haji Roslan were cross-examined and they maintained their version
of the accident. The trial judge accepted their evidence, and after
considering them with the rest of the evidence, including the expert evidence
of the defence, she found the appellant guilty as charged.

3 In so far as the facts were concerned, I did not think that I could
interfere with the findings made below especially when important facts were
gleaned from the testimonies of eye-witnesses. Mr Sreenivasan, counsel for the
appellant, argued that the court below failed to apply _Lim Hong Eng v PP_
[2009] 3 SLR(R) 682, (“Lim Hong Eng”) a previous decision of this court.
Counsel submitted that the evidence in the appellant’s case were similar to
that in _Lim Hong Eng_. I did not think so. I held in _Lim Hong Eng_ that what
constituted dangerous as well as rash driving are matters of fact for the
trial judge to determine. Only obvious instances in which the appellate can be
certain that the facts were wrong would it interfere. _Lim Hong Eng_ was an
unusual case because the findings of fact made by the trial judge supported
the appellant’s case that she was more negligent than rash. The relevant
passage in which I set out those facts is as follows at [5]:

It appears from the evidence that [Lim Hong eng] was not aware that the
traffic lights had turned red. This was a finding made by the District Judge,
who held that the appellant did not intend to beat the red light, and had
entered the Junction unaware not only of the fact that the lights were red
against her, but also that the motorcycle was passing through the junction ...

The prosecution in that case also conceded that Lim Hong Eng was not speeding.
_Lim Hong Eng_ thus turned on different facts. In cases like this and _Lim
Hong Eng_ , inferences in respect of facts such as whether the crossing by a
vehicle into the path of another was done in a manner that was dangerous was
for the trial judge based on the finding of other facts.

4 In the present case the trial judge acknowledged that there was no evidence
that “the appellant had deliberately failed to take note of the traffic light
signals.” Contrary to counsel’s submissions, this was not a case of her
placing a burden on the appellant. It was an observation made to support the
court’s view that “every driver crossing a signalised junction must adhere to
the traffic light signals which are there to regulate the traffic.” I think
that must be right. _Lim Hong Eng_ was different in that the trial judge’s
findings supported the accused person’s account that she thought that the
light was green in her favour. Not every instance of such confusion would
merit a reduction in charge or sentence but in the overall circumstances,
there was sufficient evidence in the judge’s own findings of fact to give the
benefit of doubt to the appellant in _Lim Hong Eng_. Perusing the grounds of
decision of the trial judge in this case, I am of the view that she did not
accept the submission that the appellant crossed into the junction mistaking
the light to be green in his favour. _Lim Hong Eng_ was not a case that
propounded any new law.

5 Accordingly, the appeal before me failed and was dismissed. However, given
counsel’s submission as to the circumstances, namely, that the appellant was
driving his daughter to school, and that he was not a “racer”, as well as the
fact that he attended to the injured, I reduced the overall sentence from nine
months to four months (four months on each charge to run concurrently).

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 02 Jul 2010 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

