Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  SHC Capital Ltd _v_ NTUC Income Insurance Co-operative Ltd  
[2010] SGHC 224

Case Number| :| Originating Summons No 135 of 2010  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 05 August 2010  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Chan Seng Onn J  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Adeline Chong Seow Ming (Infinitus Law Corporation) for
the plaintiff; Desmond Tan and Aileen Chia (Lee & Lee) for the defendant.  
Parties| :|  SHC Capital Ltd — NTUC Income Insurance Co-operative Ltd  
  
5 August 2010| Judgment reserved.  
---|---  
  
Chan Seng Onn J :

Introduction

1 The plaintiff, SHC Capital Limited (“SHC”), and the defendant, NTUC Income
Insurance Co-operative Limited (“NTUC”) are insurance companies, which offer,
_inter alia_ , workmen’s compensation insurance. The present application was
brought by SHC for a declaration that NTUC is liable in respect of a payout
made pursuant to a workmen’s compensation policy.

Background Facts

2 On 22 April 2005, an industrial accident involving a workman occurred at 33
Tuas Crescent, the premises (“premises”) belonging to and occupied by Pan-
United Concrete Pte Ltd (“Pan-United”). It is not disputed that Pan-United had
engaged Simei Engineering & Trading (“Simei”) as its main contractor, who in
turn engaged EIN Engineering and Construction (“EIN”) as its sub-contractor
for a project involving the collection of several dismantled structures from
another site and delivery of these structures to the premises. Simei also
engaged Hup Hin Trading Co Pte Ltd (“Hup Hin”) to supply a mobile crane and an
operator to lift the structures. Hup Hin in turn arranged for Hock Swee Seng
Construction and Transportation (“Hock Swee”) to supply a mobile crane and a
crane operator (one Ng Kia Soong) to operate the crane for the project.

3 Omar Bin Hoydeen (“Omar”), one of the workmen employed by EIN to perform the
work of a qualified rigger and signalman for the project, was seriously
injured when he was struck by the metal chains attached to the boom of the
mobile crane operated by Ng Kia Soong at the material time. Omar subsequently
commenced an action, Suit 527 of 2006, in the tort of negligence to claim
damages for his personal injuries from (a) Pan-United as the occupier of the
premises; (b) EIN as his employer; (c) Simei as the main contractor; and (d)
Hock Swee as the owner and operator of the mobile crane involved in the
accident.

4 On 10 July 2007, interlocutory judgment was entered by consent against the
defendants in Suit 527 of 2006 for 90% of total liability, with damages to be
assessed. The apportionment of liability vis-à-vis the various parties were as
follows:

(a) |  Omar himself |  10%  
---|---|---  
(b) |  Pan-United |  10%  
(c) |  EIN and Simei (collectively) |  26.7%  
(d) |  Hock Swee |  53.3%  
  
  

Damages were thereafter assessed. EIN and Simei’s liabilities in total
amounted to $317,664.70, which was paid by SHC. However, SHC made no
apportionment between EIN’s and Simei’s respective liabilities although Omar
was Ein’s employee and not Simei’s.

The insurance policies

5 On 1 June 2004, Pan-United took out a Workmen’s Compensation Policy with
NTUC (“NTUC Policy”), covering the period from 1 June 2004 to 31 May 2005. The
initial coverage provided by the NTUC policy was limited only to “ _Pan-United
Corporation Limited and Subsidiaries &/or Related Companies_ _F.T.R.R. & I_”.
The NTUC policy insured Pan-United and its subsidiaries against all sums of
which they would be liable to pay under statute or common law for claims
brought against them by workmen under their employment.

6 The NTUC Policy contains a Cross Liability Clause which reads:

**CROSS LIABILITY CLAUSE**

Each of the parties comprising the Insured [Pan-United and its subsidiaries]
shall for the purpose of this Policy be considered as a separate and distinct
unit and the words “the Insured” shall be considered as applying to each party
in the same manner as if a separate Policy had been issued to each of the said
parties and the Insurers hereby agree to waive all rights of subrogation or
action which they may have or acquire against any of the aforesaid parties
arising out of any accident in respect of which any claim is made hereunder.

Subject otherwise to the terms, conditions and exceptions of this Policy.

The following term is also found in the endorsement of the NTUC policy:

**Contingent Liability for Sub-Contractors (in the NTUC Policy)**

It is hereby declared and agreed that the Policy is extended to cover the
Insured’s legal liability in respect of acts of employees of their sub-
contractors for which _they_ may be responsible. _Provided that the indemnity
given is on the condition that_ :

(a) it is contingent upon the liability incurred not being covered or
indemnified by an insurance of the sub-contractors.

(b) if any claim submitted is covered by the sub-contractor’s more specific
insurance, then this Policy shall not insured (sic) the same except only as
regards any excess beyond the limit of liability covered by such specific
insurance.

Subject otherwise to the terms, conditions and exceptions of this Policy.

[emphasis added]

7 The NTUC Policy coverage was later extended _vide_ an endorsement dated 28
March 2005 to include all tiers of sub-contractors engaged by Pan-United and
its subsidiaries and related companies. The revised certificate of insurance
from NTUC states the following as the “Name of Insured”:

PAN-UNITED CORPORATION LIMITED AND SUBSIDIARIES &/OR RELATED COMPANIES &/OR
**ALL TIERS OF SUB-CONTRACTORS** &/OR THE FOLLOWING PRINCIPALS AS LISTED BELOW
F.T.R.R.&I. (Emphasis added.)

8 The new “Name of the Insured” clause should be read with the Cross Liability
Clause in the original NTUC Policy in the following manner:

**CROSS LIABILITY CLAUSE**

Each of the parties comprising the Insured [Pan-United and all tiers of its
sub-contractors, _i.e_. Simei and EIN] shall for the purpose of this Policy be
considered as a separate and distinct unit and the words “the Insured” shall
be considered as applying to each party [_i.e_. Simei and EIN] in the same
manner as if a separate [NTUC] Policy had been issued to each of the said
parties [_i.e_. Simei and EIN] and the Insurers hereby agree to waive all
rights of subrogation or action which they may have or acquire against any of
the aforesaid parties arising out of any accident in respect of which any
claim is made hereunder.

Subject otherwise to the terms, conditions and exceptions of this Policy.

It is not disputed in the present application by SHC that EIN and Simei fall
within the class of insured named and identified in the NTUC policy as “ _all
tiers of sub-contractors_ ” since EIN was a second tier sub-contractor and
Simei was a first tier sub-contractor of Pan-United for the project.
Consequently, by the operation of the Cross Liability Clause, they were deemed
as having been separately issued a workmen’s compensation policy by NTUC.

9 Separately, SHC had also underwritten two Workmen’s Compensation policies
(“SHC Policies”) to insure EIN for the period from 15 April 2005 to 14 April
2006 and Simei for the period from 22 October 2004 to 21 October 2005 against
all sums of which they (_i.e_. EIN and Simei) would be liable to pay under
statute or common law for claims brought against them by workmen under their
employment. Both of these policies are annual workmen’s compensation policies
with identical terms and conditions. They are not specific policies issued in
respect of a particular job or project.

10 The SHC policies each contain a Non-contributory Clause, which excludes
liability on SHC’s part if the insured has been insured by any other workmen’s
compensation policy:

**NON-CONTRIBUTORY CLAUSE (in both SHC Policies)**

Warranted that if the Insured [EIN/Simei] is covered under any other Policy
for Workmen’s Compensation Insurance, the Company [SHC] will not indemnify the
Insured [EIN/Simei] nor be called upon to contribute under this Policy.

It is not disputed by the parties that the wording of this clause is
sufficient to exclude SHC’s liability to indemnify the insured person
[EIN/Simei] if it has been double insured.

The dispute between the insurers

11 Prior to the entry of a consent order upon Omar’s claim against Pan-United,
Simei, EIN and Hock Swee on 10 July 2007, SHC’s solicitors had written to NTUC
on 12 January 2007, requesting them to take over conduct of the defence for
Simei and EIN, relying upon the Non-contributory Clause in their respective
policies. However, NTUC, by their solicitor’s letter dated 13 February 2007,
rejected SHC’s request on the ground that its policy did not cover Simei and
EIN. Thus, NTUC only had conduct of Pan-United’s defence while SHC conducted
Simei and EIN’s defences. SHC subsequently commenced third party proceedings
against NTUC, seeking a court declaration that NTUC shall be fully liable for
indemnifying Simei and EIN, or in the alternative, that SHC and NTUC are each
liable to indemnify 50% of Simei and EIN’s liabilities. The third party
proceedings were subsequently discontinued, without prejudice to the parties’
respective rights and liabilities. After SHC had indemnified Simei and EIN,
and NTUC had indemnified Pan-United, SHC commenced the present proceedings,
seeking a declaration from the court that NTUC is liable to make a
contribution to SHC for either 100% or 50% of the amounts it had already paid
out to Simei and EIN.

12 SHC now makes this application on the ground that (i) the NTUC Policy
covered EIN and Simei for the claims of Omar, thereby creating a situation of
double insurance; and (ii) that NTUC did not exclude its equitable obligation
to make a contribution to SHC in its contract with EIN and Simei. Before going
into the merits of SHC’s application, it is essential to first outline the
legal principles on double insurance.

The law on double insurance

13 Double insurance occurs when an insured person has been insured by two
insurers in respect of the same liability: Poh Chu Chai, _Principles of
Insurance Law_ (LexisNexis, 6th ed, 2005) (“ _Principles of Insurance Law_ ”)
at p 1233. _Principles of Insurance Law_ also provides a succinct summary of
the legal right of contribution available to an insurer (which has fully
compensated an insured person in respect of a particular risk) against the
other insurer which has insured the same insured person against the same risk
(at p 1243):

When a particular risk is insured with two or more insurers and a loss arising
from the risk is fully paid for by one insurer, the insurer is entitled to
contribution from the other insurers who have not paid. An insurer’s right of
contribution is not based on contract but arises from principles of equity,
that persons who are liable for the same loss should contribute equally
towards the loss…

14 In _American Surety Co of New York v Wrightson_ (1911) 103 LT 663, Hamilton
J remarked that this duty of contribution may be based on general propositions
that “contribution is based upon principles of equity that equality is
sometimes equity, and that there should be a rateable portion amongst those
who have to contribute…” Reference may also be made to _Colinvaux’s Law of
Insurance_ (Sweet & Maxwell, 8th ed, 2006), at p 414, where the author
outlined the difference between the insurer’s right of subrogation and
contribution:

… Contribution should be carefully distinguished from subrogation. Since
contribution implies more than one contract of insurance, it is only where
there are two or more policies involved that there can be any confusion
between the two. Subrogation ensures that the assured receives no more than an
indemnity: contribution ensures that the insurers do not suffer injustice
amongst themselves because of that rule. Unlike a claim for subrogation, a
contribution action must be brought in the insurer’s own name.

15 However, an insurer may seek to exclude its liability by way of indemnity
to its insured or by way of contribution to another insurer, who has insured
the same insured person in respect of the same risk. One method of achieving
this end is to provide that an insurer is not liable if the policy holder has
been insured for the same risk under another policy. Such an exclusion clause
has been construed in _Bankers & Traders Insurance Co Ltd v National Insurance
Co Ltd_ [1985] 1 WLR 734, where a car owner allowed a friend to drive his car,
and in the course of doing so, the friend injured a third party. The car owner
had an insurance policy insuring against any liability to third parties caused
by any driver driving his car, with the owner’s consent. In the car owner’s
policy, there was a clause which provided that the car driver would be
indemnified for third party risks provided that he (_i.e_. the car driver) was
“not entitled to indemnity under any other policy”. On the facts of that case,
the friend who was then driving the car also had a policy of insurance which
insured him against liability to third parties caused while driving a private
car not belonging to him. The third parties brought an action against both
insurers claiming payment. The Privy Council (on appeal from the Federal Court
of Malaysia) held that by virtue of the exclusion clause in the car owner’s
policy, the policy containing an exclusion clause was _not on risk at the time
of the accident_. Therefore, the full burden of the indemnity must be borne by
the driver’s insurers.

16 Similarly, in _Nanyang Insurance Co Ltd v Commercial Union Assurance Plc_
[1996] 1 SLR(R) 441, two insurers had insured the same assured against the
risk of accidents in the course of work. In Commercial Union Assurance Plc’s
insurance policy, it excluded its liability to indemnify the assured if it had
any other policy of indemnity or insurance in respect of the same risk, unless
the loss suffered by the assured was higher than the “amount which would be
payable under such other indemnity or insurance had this policy not been
effected”. The loss sustained by the assured was $63,023.28, which was lower
than the upper limit of policy issued by Nanyang Insurance Co Ltd. The court
held that the Commercial Union Assurance Plc’s exclusion clause had rendered
it not liable. There was no double insurance and Nanyang Insurance was legally
obliged to indemnify the assured for 100% of his loss. Thus, although Nanyang
Insurance had already limited its liability to no more than its rateable
proportion (i.e. 50-50 in the event of double insurance), its rateable
proportion clause did not operate.

17 However when both insurers exclude liability in their respective contracts
with the insured person in the event of double insurance, then, the exclusion
clauses cancel each other out, with the net effect that both insurers share
liability equally as amongst themselves. In _Weddell v Road Transport &
General Insurance Co Ltd_ [1932] 2 KB 563, Rowlatt J said the following while
construing two third party motor insurance contracts containing exclusion of
liability clauses (at 567-568):

… In my judgment it is unreasonable to suppose that it was intended that
clauses such as these should cancel each other (by neglecting in each case the
proviso in the other policy) with the result that, on the ground in each case
that the loss is covered elsewhere, it is covered nowhere. On the contrary,
the reasonable construction is to exclude from the category of co-existing
cover any cover which is expressed to be itself cancelled by such co-
existence, and to hold in such cases that both companies are liable, subject
of course in both cases to any rateable contribution proportion clause which
there may be…

The declarations sought

18 In these proceedings, SHC is seeking the following declarations:

1 A declaration that [NTUC’s] Workmen’s Compensation Policy... extends to
cover [EIN] and [Simei].

2 That [SHC] shall be indemnified by [NTUC] for

(i) the contribution to damages paid for and on behalf of [EIN] and [Simei]

and

(ii) the legal costs and disbursement expended for and on behalf of [EIN] and
[Simei]

amounting to $317,664.70, paid in connection to the claims of the workman
[Omar] against [EIN] and [Simei].

3 Alternatively, a declaration that [SHC] shall be indemnified by [NTUC] for

(i) the contribution to damages paid for and on behalf of [EIN] and [Simei]

and

(ii) the legal costs and disbursement expended for and on behalf of [EIN] and
[Simei]

amounting to $158,853.35... paid in connection to the claims of the workman
[Omar] against [EIN] and [Simei].

The parties’ arguments

19 Before the court, SHC argues that since the “Name of Insured” clause in the
NTUC policy includes all tiers of sub-contractors and the effect of the Cross
Liability Clause is such that a separate policy has been issued to each
insured person, _viz_ , Simei and EIN, Simei and EIN have been insured by
NTUC. As Simei and EIN have also been insured by SHC, they have been insured
by two different insurers in respect of the same risk. Since SHC has excluded
its liability to indemnify Simei or EIN in the event of double insurance in
its Non-contributory Clause, SHC could claim a 100% contribution of the
$317,664.70 which it has paid out to Omar on behalf of Simei and EIN.

20 NTUC, on the other hand, submits that SHC ought not to be indemnified
because the Contingent Liability Clause in the NTUC Policy prevented the NTUC
Policy from being on risk in the first place. While NTUC did not dispute that
Simei and EIN were the insured and Hock Swee was a second tier sub-contractor
of Simei within the meaning of the Contingent Liability Clause, it submits
that provisos (a) and (b) (see [6] above) were condition precedents to NTUC’s
liability to indemnify Simei and EIN. Since Simei and EIN have been double
insured, NTUC argues that its NTUC Policy was not on risk by virtue of proviso
(a).

21 SHC’s reply is that the Contingent Liability Clause is simply irrelevant to
the present case for the following reasons. First, the main provision in the
Contingent Liability Clause served the purpose of enlarging the risk insured.
Thus, the effect of the Contingent Liability Clause was that the NTUC Policy
was “extended to cover” insured persons against “the Insured’s legal liability
in respect of acts of employees of their sub-contractors for which they may be
responsible”. Secondly, the “Insured” mentioned in the main provision of the
Contingent Liability Clause must cover only Pan-United, because the Contingent
Liability Clause is meant to indemnify it against vicarious liability or
occupier’s liability for its sub-contractors’ breaches of duty. Thus, the
Contingent Liability Clause is irrelevant to the present proceedings because
the dispute is over the identity of the party which was legally obligated to
indemnify Simei and EIN for their liabilities to Omar. Thirdly, since the main
provision is irrelevant, the provisos are therefore inapplicable to exclude
NTUC’s liability.

The legal issues

22 The present application raises three issues. The first issue is whether
Simei and/or EIN have both been double insured. The second issue is whether
NTUC has properly excluded its liability to indemnify Simei and/or EIN by its
provisos to the Contingent Liability Clause in its policy. The last issue is
whether, if NTUC is liable to indemnify Simei and/or EIN under the terms of
the NTUC Policy, SHC’s right to seek a contribution or reimbursement has been
precluded by its voluntary payment to Simei and/or EIN.

The proper construction of the operative clauses

23 I begin first by noting that the operative clauses in the NTUC Policy and
the SHC Policies provide similar coverage in respect of workmen’s
compensation. The operative clauses setting out the coverage in the SHC
Policies read (“SHC Operative Clause”):

**NOW THIS POLICY WITNESSETH** that _if any workman in the Insured’s
employment shall sustain personal injury by accident or disease caused during
the Period of Insurance and arising out of and in the course of his employment
by the Insured [EIN or Simei] in the Business_ , the Company will subject to
the terms exceptions conditions and warranties, and any memorandum if
applicable, contained herein or endorsed hereon (all of which are hereinafter
collective referred to as the Terms of the Policy) indemnify the Insured
against all sums for which the Insured shall be liable to pay compensation
either under the Legislation or at Common Law, and will in addition pay all
costs and expenses incurred by the Insured with the written consent of the
Company. [emphasis added]

The operative clause in the NTUC policy setting out the coverage reads (“NTUC
Operative Clause”):

**NOW THIS POLICY WITNESSETH** that _if any workman in the Insured’s
employment shall sustain personal injury by accident or disease caused during
the Period of Insurance and arising out of and in the course of his employment
by the Insured [Pan-United and subsidiaries, subsequently extended to all
tiers of sub-contractors, which includes EIN and Simei] in the Business_ , the
Society will subject to the terms exceptions conditions and warranties, and
any memorandum if applicable, contained herein or endorsed hereon (all of
which are hereinafter collective referred to as the Terms of the Policy)
indemnify the Insured against all sums for which the Insured shall be liable
to pay compensation either under the Legislation or at Common Law, up to
$10,000,000 any one claim or series of claims arising out of any one event and
will in addition pay all costs and expenses incurred by the Insured with the
written consent of the Society. [emphasis added]

Thus, it is apparent that the words in the operative clauses of the NTUC and
SHC policies cover the same type of risk _i.e_. the risk of a claim by the
insured’s own employee arising from personal injuries sustained in the course
of his employment by the insured. Since the NTUC Policy applies to Simei and
EIN by virtue of the expansion of coverage to “all tiers” of sub-contractors
and the Cross Liability Clause and it is not disputed that Simei and EIN are
also insured under the SHC Policies, it is clear that they have been double
insured in respect of liability for injuries of _their_ employees. Since the
parties have confirmed that Omar is EIN’s employee and not Simei’s employee,
both the NTUC Policy and the SHC Policy issued to EIN were on risk insofar as
EIN’s liability to Omar was concerned. EIN was therefore double insured.
However, as far as Simei’s liability was concerned, neither the NTUC nor the
SHC operative clauses applied to render the NTUC policy or the SHC policy
issued to Simei on risk because Omar was not a workman in the employment of
Simei, unless the insurance coverage to Simei has been separately extended by
other clauses in the policy to claims by even non-employees. Unlike the NTUC
policy, there is no such extension of coverage to Simei under the SHC policy
for claims by a non-employee such as Omar. Unfortunately, this crucial
distinction between Simei’s and EIN’s liability to Omar was not drawn in the
course of arguments by counsel for both parties.

The proper construction of the Contingent Liability Clause in the NTUC Policy

24 In the light of the above, NTUC’s argument that its policy is not on risk
given that proviso (a) (see [6] above) was a condition precedent to the
triggering of the coverage in the entire policy (including the NTUC Operative
Clause) need only be considered insofar as _EIN’s liability_ is concerned. I
am of the view that in order for proviso (a) to the Contingent Liability
Clause to have any bite, the main provision in the Contingent Liability Clause
must apply to the present case. This is because the words of the proviso limit
NTUC’s liability, which is set out by the main provision. In this regard, I
first deal with SHC’s argument that the Contingent Liability Clause only
insures Pan-United and not Simei or EIN. I am unable to see why the word
“insured” in the context of this clause should be so confined, when SHC
readily accepts that “insured” in the context of the rest of the policy refers
to Pan-United and “all-tiers” of sub-contractors. Words ought to be
interpreted as having the same meaning as they have been used elsewhere in the
policy: McMeel, _The Construction of Contracts: Interpretation, Implication
and Rectification (_ Oxford University Press, 2007) at para 4.16.Thus, I
reject this submission.

25 I am also of the view that the Contingent Liability Clause must be read to
provide for an extension of coverage, over and above the coverage already
provided by the NTUC Operative Clause since it expressly provides that NTUC’s
liability “is extended to” cover the Insured’s liability for the acts of the
employees of _their sub-contractors_. In its submissions, counsel for SHC
referred the court to another clause which provides for an extension of the
scope of coverage provided by the NTUC Policy:

**To and from work/meal breaks including personal & public transport
(including ferry) within Singapore but excluding motorcycle risk**

It is hereby noted that this _Policy is extended to include_ an event
happening to a workman in pursuance of or arising out of and/or in the course
of his employment by the Insured. Such event shall be deemed to be arising out
of and in the course of his employment when occurring:

Whilst the workman on any working day (including Sundays and any Public
Holidays)

i) is travelling (including the workman’s own transport) between his place of
residence/the place for meal breaks and place of employment and/or other place
for the purpose of his employment

ii) is travelling (including the workman’s own transport) between his place of
employment and place of residence/meal breaks

_Provided that_ any such event giving rise to a claim under this Policy is not
incurred during or after any substantial interruption or deviation from the
journey made for a reason or purpose unconnected with his employment which
would ordinarily have materially added to the risk of injury.

[emphasis added]

The words “is extended to” in this context convey the meaning that the
coverage provided by the NTUC Operative Clause is extended beyond injuries to
employees in the course of work, to cover employer’s liability for injuries to
employees while commuting to and from the work place, and during meal breaks.
Similarly, in the context of the Contingent Liability Clause, the words “is
extended to” must convey the meaning that the scope of coverage provided by
the NTUC Operative Clause has been expanded beyond the employer’s liability
for injury to employees in the course of work.

26 Thus, the Contingent Liability Clause which insures insured persons against
the “acts of employees of their sub-contractors for which they may be
responsible” covers a different scope of liability from that which is covered
by the NTUC Operative Clause. While the word “they” is ambiguous in the sense
that it is not immediately apparent whether “they” refers to sub-contractors
or the Insured, I am of the view that “they” refers to the Insured. I find
that the purpose of the Contingent Liability Clause is to expand the coverage
afforded to Pan-United, or any other Insured person _e.g_. EIN and Simei,
against liability for breaches of duties by its sub-contractors. It would be
absurd for the NTUC Policy to insure an insured person against the acts of
their sub-contractors’ employees, for which the sub-contractor and not the
insured was responsible.

27 Further, I am also of the view that the main provision in the Contingent
Liability Clause should be read as extending NTUC’s cover to an insured person
against the risk of its sub-contractor injuring any person, _who is not the
insured’s own employee_. This is because the NTUC Operative Clause would
already have covered the insured’s liability to its own employees for injury
sustained in the course of work. This must be the construction of the
Contingent Liability Clause, because reasonable commercial men would not have
seen the need to extend the ambit of coverage via an endorsement, in order to
cover substantially the same risk already covered by the NTUC Operative
Clause. In this context, I interpret the word “sub-contractors” in the
Contingent Liability Clause widely, to include all tiers of sub-contractors. I
am of this view because it would make no commercial sense for the Insured to
be insured only against liability for the acts of its immediate sub-
contractor. One can imagine a case for instance, where Pan-United, the
insured, is held liable as occupiers of the premises for injuries to third
parties caused by a sub-contractor, three tiers below in the hierarchy of
contractual relationships, such as Hock Swee. In such a circumstance, the
Contingent Liability Clause must have been intended to apply to provide Pan-
United with coverage.

28 The present case is thus distinguishable from _Awang bin Dollah v Shung
Shing Construction & Engineering Co Ltd_ [1997] 2 SLR(R) 746, where the word
“sub-contractors” was held to refer only to an immediate sub-contractor. That
case concerned a workmen’s compensation policy which insured a contractor
against injuries to its employees in the course of employment (similar to that
in the SHC Operative Clauses and the NTUC Operative Clause). It was extended
by an endorsement to cover “3 General Labourers (Sub-Contractors’ Workers)”.
These three workers were not identified. The Court of Appeal held at [55]
that:

... Assuming that it was usual and convenient for the main contractor to take
out a single policy covering all contractors including subcontractors and sub-
subcontractors, it seems to us extremely odd that, in such a major contract as
this, only three "General Labourers (Sub-Contractors' workers)" were covered
by the policy.

The Court of Appeal also held that since there was nothing in the context of
the policy which indicates that a broad construction of the word “sub-
contractors” should be adopted to include all tiers of sub-contractors below,
a narrower construction should be adopted. In the present case, given that the
NTUC Policy has been extended to cover “all tiers” of sub-contractors, it
would be incongruent to read the Contingent Liability Clause narrowly. I find
that given the internal context, and the clear and unambiguous external
context, “sub-contractors” in NTUC’s Contingent Liability Clause ought to be
read widely to include all tiers of sub-contractors.

29 While it appears at first blush strange to construe a workmen’s policy to
extend beyond the mere provision of coverage for the insured’s liability for
injury to its own employees, attempts to enlarge the insured risk covered by
workmen’s compensation policies are not uncommon. Workmen’s compensation
insurance policies are frequently extended in an attempt (whether successful
or otherwise) to provide comprehensive coverage to all contractors working on
a worksite to include claims against them (not only from their own employees
but from other workmen at the worksite) arising from injuries caused by acts
of employees of their sub-contractors or their sub-sub-contractors for which
the insured contractors may be held responsible.

30 Having construed the Contingent Liability Clause in this manner, it becomes
clear that it is inapplicable to EIN. Thus, the provisos cannot possibly apply
to exclude NTUC’s liability. This is because EIN simply did not have a sub-
contractor, whose employee had injured Omar, so as to trigger the operation of
the main provision in NTUC’s Contingent Liability Clause in the first place.
In fact, Omar was injured by an employee of Hock Swee, a sub-sub-contractor of
Simei (and not of EIN). Now that the Contingent Liability Clause is not
applicable for the NTUC policy pertaining to EIN as the insured, EIN is
therefore double insured by both NTUC and SHC with respect to Omar’s injuries.
Thus, given that SHC’s policy contained a Non-contributory Clause, SHC’s
policy is not on risk insofar as EIN’s liability to its employee, Omar, is
concerned. Since the NTUC Policy did not also have an exclusion clause in the
event of double insurance, NTUC is 100% liable to provide an indemnity to EIN.

31 As far as Simei is concerned, although the NTUC Operative Clause and SHC
Operative Clause do not extend any insurance coverage for Simei’s liability in
relation to personal injuries sustained by a non-employee of Simei (such as
Omar), the Contingent Liability Clause in the NTUC policy has however extended
coverage to Simei for its liability to claims made by a non-employee. Thus,
although Hock Swee is factually Simei’s sub-sub-contractor, the main provision
in NTUC’s Contingent Liability Clause should apply if Simei is found liable to
Omar for Hock Swee’s employees’ acts. In the present case, because consent
judgment was entered against Simei for the acts of Ng Kia Soong, an employee
of Hock Swee, it is clear that Simei is held legally responsible by way of the
consent judgment for the acts of Ng Kia Soong. It is therefore necessary to
consider the applicability of the provisos to the Contingent Liability Clause
to Simei.

The applicability of provisos in the Contingent Liability Clause to Simei

32 Provisos (a) and (b) (see [6] above) are exclusion clauses which limit
NTUC’s liability to indemnify the insured person under the Contingent
Liability Clause. Proviso (a) provides that an indemnity is given on the
condition that the liability has not been covered by an insurance of the sub-
contractors. In the present context, proviso (a) would apply if the sub-
contractor (Hock Swee) has been insured against the risk of its employee (Ng
Kia Soong) injuring a third party like Omar. Since no evidence was adduced
before the court indicating that Hock Swee had taken out any such policy to
that effect, I am of the view that proviso (a) to the Contingent Liability
Clause has not been triggered.

33 Since proviso (a) is inapplicable, _a fortiori_ , proviso (b) is
inapplicable. Proviso (b) provides that where the insured’s sub-contractor has
been covered by more specific insurance, NTUC’s liability to indemnify the
insured for accidents caused by employees of the insured’s subcontractors is
limited only to the any excess beyond the limit insured under the
subcontractor’s more specific insurance policy. There is no evidence that Hock
Swee is covered by more specific insurance. Therefore both provisos to the
Contingent Liability Clause are inapplicable on the facts.

34 Since the Contingent Liability Clause covers Simei and the provisos do not
operate, the NTUC Policy was on risk and NTUC was therefore liable to
indemnify Simei against its liability for the personal injuries sustained by
Omar.

Whether SHC may maintain a claim for reimbursement from NTUC although it has
paid out despite being under no legal obligation to do so

35 Having decided that NTUC is legally obliged to provide both EIN and Simei a
full indemnity in respect of their liabilities to Omar, the next issue is
whether SHC, who paid out to Simei and EIN when it was under no legal
obligation to do so, may claim a contribution or reimbursement from NTUC.

36 The right of contribution exists as between co-insurers who have insured
the same assured against the same risk, in respect of the same subject matter:
_MacGillivray on Insurance Law Relating to All Risks Other Than Marine_ (Sweet
& Maxwell, 11th ed, 2008) at para 23-001 (“ _MacGillivray_ ”). Thus, when two
insurers are liable for the same loss, the insurer called upon to make payment
may have the right to seek payment from the other insurer: _MacGillivray_ at
para 23-032. The concept of contribution is similar to another concept known
as reimbursement, save for a slight difference. In the case of contribution,
it is essential that both the plaintiff and defendant are jointly and/or
severally liable to the same third party in respect of the same debt: see
_Moule v Garrett_ (1871-1872) LR 7 Ex 101 at 104; _Bonner v Tottenham and
Edmonton Permanent Investment Building Society_ [1899] 1 QB 161 (“ _Bonner_ ”)
at 178 and Mitchell, _The Law of Contribution and Reimbursement_ (Oxford,
2003) (“ _Mitchell_ ”) at para 1.06. In the case of reimbursement, the
plaintiff and defendant do not need to be jointly and/or severally liable to
the third party in respect of the same debt. It would suffice if the plaintiff
is compellable or compelled under the law or by necessity to discharge the
defendant’s debt and was not acting officiously in so doing: _Halsbury’s Laws
of England_ , 4th edition Reissue vol 40(1) at para 63 (“ _Halsbury’s Law of
England_ , vol 40(1)”); _cf_ Goff and Jones _, The Law of Restitution_ (Sweet
& Maxwell, 7th ed, 2007) (“ _Goff and Jones_ ”) at para 15-001 which states
that the plaintiff must have been compelled by law to make a payment in order
to obtain reimbursement. An example of a claim in reimbursement is where a
surety who was called upon to pay a sum of money on the default of the
principal debtor or some other person who is principally liable makes a claim
against the principal for a full indemnity: _Halsbury’s Laws of England_ , vol
40(1) at para 65. Another example may be found in _Exall v Partridge_ (1799) 8
TR 308, where the claimants’ goods which were on land leased to the
defendants, were seized by the landlords in distress of rent. The claimant,
having paid rent to obtain the release of goods, successfully obtained
recoupment (another word for reimbursement) from the defendants.

37 Apart from that distinction, in substance, the two concepts are similar. In
_Mitchell_ , the author stated that (at para 1.03):

Broadly speaking, English law divides claims of this sort into two types:
claims for contribution and claims for reimbursement. Claims for reimbursement
lie when the liabilities owed by the claimant and the defendant to the third
party are such that the claimant is entitled to shift the whole burden of
paying the third party onto the defendant. Claims for contribution lie where
the claimant and the defendant must share the burden of paying the third
party, with the result that the claimant can shift only part of this burden
onto the defendant. However, there is no substantial difference in principle
between contribution claims and reimbursement claims, as the basic components
of each type of claim are the same, and it is only the quantum of the
claimant’s entitlement which distinguishes them. Consistently with this, the
courts have a discretion to make 100 per cent contribution awards which are
essentially identical with reimbursement awards.

Later, at para 1.20, the author said the following:

It should be reiterated here that although English lawyers are accustomed to
think of contribution and reimbursement as distinct remedies, whose award is
governed by separate sets of rules, in reality the principles which underlie
contribution and reimbursement awards are the same. The only practical
difference between contribution and reimbursement claims is that a claimant
bringing an action for reimbursement invariably seeks to recover the whole of
his payment from the defendant, while a claimant bringing a contribution
action may seek to recover some smaller proportion of his payment. But there
is no reason in principle why a claimant should not recover the whole of his
payment in a contribution action. To put this in another way, the courts are
quite able to make 100 per cent contribution awards if they think this
appropriate.

38 The remedies of contribution or reimbursement are restitutionary in nature,
and are aimed at preventing unjust enrichment of a defendant who has been
conferred a benefit by the plaintiff’s payment: _Grupos Torras SA v Al-Sabah
(No 5)_ [2001] Lloyd’s Rep Bank 36 at 64. Thus, the remedy of contribution or
reimbursement would prevent unjust enrichment to a defendant, whose liability
has been extinguished _pro tanto_ by the claimant’s payment to a creditor.

39 I pause to make the observation that it appears that the law may
countenance a claim for contribution even where the plaintiff and defendant
were under no common liability to be sued. In _Bonner_ , (cited with approval
in _FBI Foods Ltd – Aliments FBI Ltee v Glassner_ 86 BCLR (3d) 136 (“ _FBI
Foods_ ”); _Friend v Brooker_ [2009] HCA 21 at [44]; _Whitham v Bullock_
[1939] 2 KB 81) Vaugham Williams LJ remarked (at 174) that there:

is a common law principle of liability, and also a principle of liability in
equity, and these two principles differ. The common law principle requires a
common liability to be sued for that which the plaintiff had to pay, and an
interest of the defendant in the payment in the sense that he gets the benefit
of the payment, either entirely, as in the case of the assignee of a lease, or
pro tanto, as in the case of a surety who has paid, and has his action for
contribution against his co-surety. _The principle in equity seems wide enough
to include cases in which there is community of interest in the subject-matter
to which the burden is attached, which has been enforced against the plaintiff
alone, coupled with benefit to the defendant, even though there is no common
liability to be sued_. In such a case it seems to me a plaintiff may recover
in equity, although there is no common liability to be sued.

[emphasis added]

Thus, in _FBI Foods_ , Dillon J remarked that:

The equitable principle requires that the burden borne by one for the benefit
of others associated with him in interest, whether borne because of election
by a plaintiff of choice of parties or by requirement of law as to parties to
actions, be shared equally.

In _Whitham v Bullock_ , the English Court of Appeal referred to the above
passage in _Bonner_ in a case where the lessee of land had assigned the lease
as to part of the land to X and part to Y. The result was that the lessor
could distrain against either X or Y for the whole of the rent but could sue
to recover from each only the proportionate part of the rent. Because Y failed
to pay its proportion under threat of distraint by the lessor, X paid the
whole of the rent and then sought a contribution from Y. Clauson LJ held that
X had an equity to recover contribution from Y because although X was not
liable to be sued directly for all of the rent, the equity of X arose from
payment under stress of legal process. Also, X had paid out in order not to
lose its chattels which were on the premises. Clauson J held that there was
sufficient "community of interest" in the two plots of the leased land. Thus,
X’s claim against Y for a contribution succeeded.

40 In the present case, SHC is seeking a declaration that it is entitled to a
reimbursement, and in the alternative, contribution. I have concluded above
that SHC’s policy is not on risk insofar as EIN’s and Simei’s liabilities to
Omar were concerned. SHC is therefore precluded from pursuing a claim for
contribution from NTUC for making payment to EIN and Simei when SHC’s own
policy was never at risk. It is not necessary for the present application to
consider whether SHC and NTUC share sufficient “community of interest”,
because the parties did not proceed on that point. As stated in Friedmann,
_Double Insurance and Payment of Another’s Debt_ (1993) 103 LQR 51 at p 53,

Where a number of persons are potentially liable to the plaintiff, some of
them may have a strong interest in settling the claim. There is also a public
interest in facilitating settlement. However, a serious difficulty arises if
it transpires that the party who satisfied the plaintiffs claim was not
actually liable to him. In such a case the rules as to adjustment [_i.e_.
contribution] among multiple debtors are inapplicable, since the payor was not
a “debtor”. The issue is then channelled to the general problem of payment of
another’s debt... and the reasonable solution is to allow the payor to recover
from the real debtors. English law is not, however, very benevolent to a party
who without being requested confers a benefit upon another, and since the
payor did not act under legal compulsion, he may well be branded as
“volunteer”...

41 The resolution of this application for reimbursement therefore turns on the
issue of whether SHC indemnified Simei and EIN under legal compulsion (or
factual necessity). The general rule is that since equity does not assist a
volunteer, no right of contribution or reimbursement exists at law if a
claimant has paid out to a creditor in excess of its legal liability
voluntarily, _i.e_., in the absence of compulsion by law, which discharged the
defendant’s legal liability: see _Legal & General Assurance Society v Drake
Insurance Co Ltd_ [1992] 1 All ER 283 (“ _Legal & General Assurance_”); _Moule
v Garrett_ (1872) LR 7 Ex 101 at 104 and _Goff and Jones_ at para 15-001. In
_Legal & General Assurance_, two motor insurers insured a vehicle owner
against injuries caused to third parties by persons driving his car with his
consent. Both insurance policies contained a clause limiting liability to its
rateable proportion. The assured made a claim against one insurer. The
insurer, having ascertained that its policy covered the same loss as that
covered by the other insurer, paid out in full anyway and subsequently sought
to recover a 50% contribution. The English Court of Appeal held that in paying
in excess of its legal obligation, the paying insurer was acting as a
volunteer. The English Court of Appeal also held that although under s 151 of
the Road Traffic Act 1988 (c 52) (UK), an insurer was not allowed to plead any
policy defence to a claim by the third party victim, s 151(7) of the same Act
provided the paying insurer recourse against the assured in respect of any sum
paid in excess of its liability under its policy. Since the paying insurer
failed to exercise its right of recourse against the assured, the English
Court of Appeal held that he was a volunteer.

42 _Legal and General Assurance_ has been subject to much criticism, on the
ground that it is unclear why a theoretical right of recourse against the
assured which may prove to be worthless as a matter of fact, ought to prevent
the paying insurer from exercising its right of recourse: _Colinvaux_ at p 421
- 422. Indeed, I would go so far as to say that there is much to be said for
encouraging insurers to pay out expeditiously, leaving disputes on liability
between different insurers to be resolved at a later date, without the paying
insurer’s right of recourse being removed on the ground that he had acted as a
volunteer: see Friedmann, _Double Insurance and Payment of Another’s Debt_
(1993) 103 LQR 51. However, in _Legal & General Assurance_ at p 897, Lloyd LJ
said the following:

[Counsel] argued that the plaintiffs were acting very properly in not seeking
to recover the excess over 50% from [the Insured], and that it would be an
unmerited consequence to deprive them of their right to contribution. Insurers
should not be encouraged to take every legal defence, and pursue every legal
remedy which may be open to them against their assured. This is a valid point
so far as it goes. But to allow a claim against the defendants based on such
considerations would extend the equitable doctrine of contribution beyond any
previous authority....

43 In a subsequent case of _Drake Insurance plc v Provident Insurance plc_
[2004] QB 601 (“ _Drake Insurance_ ”), _Legal and General Assurance_ was
accepted as good law, but was distinguished. The facts in _Drake Insurance_
were very similar to the facts in _Legal and General Assurance_ , which
concerned two insurers who provided third party motor insurance to the same
party. However, in _Drake Insurance_ , the defendant insurer obtained an
arbitral award to confirm that it could avoid its policy for non-disclosure.
The plaintiffs consistently but unsuccessfully attempted to encourage the
defendant to discharge its contractual obligation to the assured, and
therefore paid out in full to the assured. The plaintiff sought a 50%
contribution from the defendant. The trial court, applying _Legal & General
Assurance_, dismissed the plaintiff’s claim. The English Court of Appeal,
reversing the lower court decision, held that the arbitral award was not
binding on the claimants, and in paying out in full, the plaintiffs were not
acting as volunteers. This is because the arbitral award created an
insuperable difficulty for the plaintiff to assert that the defendants were
liable to indemnify the assured, and the consistent protests of the plaintiffs
showed that payment had not been voluntary. The consistent protests
distinguished _Drake Insurance_ from _Legal & General Assurance_.

44 In the English Court of Appeal’s judgment in _Drake Insurance_ , Rix LJ
expressed serious doubts about the holding in _Legal & General Assurance_ (at
[128]):

In reaching this conclusion, I have put on one side the fact that under
section 151 of the Road Traffic Act 1988 Drake could in any event have been
compelled to make payment to Mr Beech once he had obtained an unsatisfied
judgment against Mrs Kaur. I do so because that was not viewed as saving the
situation in [_Legal & General Insurance_], _even though it is not clear to me
from the judgments in that case why the merely theoretical right to recover
the excess of Drake’s liability under section 151(7)... should make all the
difference_. [emphasis added]

Clarke LJ expressed similar views at [157] - [158]:

157 ... I would only say about the decision that it does seem to me to have
unfortunate results if it means that an insurer, instead of making a sensible
settlement with the insured and subsequently claiming contribution from a co-
insurer, has to rely on the “rateable proportion” clause in order to protect
its position against the co-insurer.

158 Perhaps the House of Lords will one day have an opportunity to reconsider
the [_Legal and General Assurance_] case.

45 _Drake Insurance_ has in turn been criticised by _Goff and Jones_ , at para
14-036. The authors opined that:

First, Drake Insurance’s protest did not magically oblige it to make the
payment. Secondly, the rateable proportion clause was not the subject of
litigation in Eagle Star. Thirdly, the fact that the claimant insurer was
liable to the third party for the whole loss did not mean that it could claim
contribution from the co-insurer. It could have recovered the excess from the
assured, as Lloyd LJ pointed out in _Legal and General_.

However, the authors of _Goff and Jones_ were also of the view that the fact
that the defendant insurer had an arbitral award in his favour was sufficient
to justify the English Court of Appeal’s conclusion. This is because if Drake
had refused to pay more than 50%, the assured would have failed to recover the
other 50% against Provident, who had an arbitral award in his favour (which
was eventually set aside): see also _Macgillivray_ at para 23-051.

46 From the foregoing discussion, it is apparent that regardless of the
utility of legal compulsion as a touchstone of voluntariness, it is not
sufficient to explain every contribution and reimbursement award. Before it
was set aside, the arbitral award in _Drake Insurance_ , while binding upon
the assured and Provident, did not bind Drake. Drake was thus not compelled by
law, but by necessity, in the circumstances, to fully indemnify the assured.
Furthermore, the requirement of legal compulsion is difficult to sustain in a
case where a claimant has freely undertaken his legal liability to its
creditor. In double insurance cases, usually, two indemnity insurers would
have freely and independently chosen to indemnify the same assured. It would
be difficult to justify why either of the insurers would be entitled to
contribution using the legal compulsion analysis, since they have both chosen
voluntarily to expose themselves to their legal obligations.

47 Turning to the present case, like the English Court of Appeal in _Drake
Insurance_ , I am of the view that SHC’s right to reimbursement or
contribution is not extinguished because it has fully indemnified EIN in
respect of its liability to Omar in Suit 527 of 2006 (but not Simei, see below
at [49]) out of practical necessity despite the legal efficacy of its Non-
contributory Clause in the EIN policy issued by it. On the facts, SHC has
consistently protested against bearing sole liability for indemnifying EIN. I
am therefore satisfied that SHC’s indemnification of EIN’s liability was not
voluntary nor without regard to the absence of legal liability to EIN on
account of its Non-contributory Clause. I based my decision on a statement of
agreed facts submitted by the parties to confirm, _inter alia_ , the steps SHC
had taken to engage NTUC to provide EIN a full indemnity _before_ SHC paid out
the amount to Omar.

48 The parties agreed that not long after Omar commenced the proceedings in
Suit 527 of 2006, Pan-United, Simei and EIN made their respective claims
against SHC and NTUC. NTUC agreed to have conduct of only Pan-United’s
defence. Thereafter, SHC’s solicitors wrote to NTUC’s solicitors, requesting
NTUC to have conduct of Simei’s and EIN’s defences, citing the Non-
contributory Clause in the SHC Policies. NTUC’s solicitors replied, refusing
SHC’s request, on the ground that its policy did not cover Simei and EIN,
relying upon NTUC’s Contingent Liability Clause. NTUC was added as a third
party to Suit 527 of 2006, wherein SHC sought declarations from the court
similar to those sought today. Those proceedings were subsequently
discontinued without prejudice to SHC and NTUC’s respective rights and
defences. SHC later commenced the present proceedings. I am of the view that
SHC’s conduct throughout showed that its payment to EIN was not voluntary. If
SHC, like NTUC, refused to provide Simei and EIN with an indemnity on the
ground that they have submitted a claim against the wrong insurer, it would
have been detrimental to SHC’s business reputation. I also do not see why SHC
ought to be penalised on the ground that it paid out expeditiously, and for
choosing to resolve the dispute between itself and NTUC at a later date. In
the circumstances, I find that SHC is entitled to a full reimbursement from
NTUC in respect of EIN’s liability to Omar.

49 If SHC has paid out in respect of Simei’s liability, I am of the view that
SHC is not entitled to a reimbursement from NTUC. In the present case, SHC
simply did not adduce evidence to the effect that it had taken any steps to
ascertain whether Simei was liable in its capacity as an employer, and in what
capacity it has conceded liability to Omar. Thus, SHC paid out, without regard
as to whether its policy was on risk, or even potentially on risk. Although
the NTUC Policy was on risk, by virtue of Simei’s liability being covered by
the Contingent Liability Clause, SHC should not be entitled to a
reimbursement.

50 However, in any event, for the purposes of the present application, I
declare that NTUC is liable for reimbursing SHC for the full amount it has
paid to Omar in respect of EIN’s liability in Suit 527 of 2006, _i.e_.
$317,664.70. This is because I find that the full sum of $317 664.70 must have
been paid by SHC in full indemnification of EIN’s liability. The parties have
agreed that Simei and EIN have admitted to liability to Omar jointly, and thus
it was impossible to apportion the liability for the amount of $317,664.70
between Simei and EIN. However, there was nothing on the facts to prevent SHC
from paying out the full sum of $317,664.70 in respect of EIN’s liability as a
joint tortfeasor. In so doing, SHC would have also discharged Simei’s
liability to Omar under the consent judgment entered in Suit 527 of 2006. It
was EIN’s or Simei’s (or both’s) prerogative to seek an indemnity, however
much the amount, from SHC, as it deemed fit. Since Simei would have no legal
right to seek an indemnity from SHC under the terms of the SHC Policies, I am
of the view that the indemnity sought against SHC must have been in respect of
EIN’s liability. Having arrived at this conclusion, it must necessarily follow
that SHC may seek a reimbursement from NTUC, for the amount of $317,664.70
which SHC has paid out in respect of EIN’s liability as a jointly and
severally liable tortfeasor.

Alternative analysis where proviso(a) in NTUC’s Contingent Liability Clause
applies

51 For completeness, I will now analyse the alternative factual scenario where
I assume that Hock Swee has been separately insured against liability for
claims by a non-employee of Hock Swee, such as Omar. In this alternative
scenario, proviso (a) in NTUC’s Contingent Liability Clause will then apply
with the result that the NTUC policy will _not_ be on risk to cover Simei for
claims made against it by a non-employee of Simei _i.e_. Omar. The outcome is
that SHC will _not_ be able to seek any indemnity or reimbursement from NTUC
for any insurance payment made out by SHC to Simei. However, this possibility
will make no difference to the final outcome because (as has been explained
above) SHC’s policy does not extend to providing insurance coverage for Simei
for claims made against it by persons who are _not_ employees of Simei.
Strictly therefore, SHC would _not_ have paid out any insurance monies on
behalf of Simei, which was never covered by SHC for the injuries to Omar.
Accordingly, there is no contribution or reimbursement that SHC can seek from
NTUC to begin with and therefore, it would not have mattered to SHC that
proviso (a) applied in respect of the NTUC policy rendering NTUC being not at
risk to indemnify Simei for Omar’s claims. Under these circumstances, SHC
would have paid out the full sum of $317,664.70 only in respect of EIN’s
liability (and not Simei’s liability) as a joint tortfeasor. In so doing, SHC
would have also discharged Simei’s liability to Omar under the consent
judgment entered in Suit 527 of 2006. Accordingly, the indemnity sought
against SHC must have been in respect only of EIN’s liability, for which the
NTUC policy insuring EIN remained fully at risk. The Non-contributory Clause
in the SHC policy covering EIN was effective against NTUC, there being double
insurance in the case of EIN. It must necessarily follow that SHC may seek a
reimbursement from NTUC, for the amount of $317,664.70 which SHC would have
paid out in respect of EIN’s liability as a jointly and severally liable
tortfeasor. Even with this alternative factual scenario, the same conclusion
is reached.

Conclusion

52 In the light of the above, I declare that NTUC is legally obligated to
reimburse SHC for the sum of $317,664.70, which was paid by SHC to indemnify
EIN and Simei for their liability arising out of Suit 527 of 2006.

53 The costs of this application are to be borne by NTUC.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 05 Aug 2010 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

