Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Pun Serge _v_ Joy Head Investments Ltd  
[2010] SGHC 182

Case Number| :| Suit No 189 of 2009  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 29 June 2010  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Belinda Ang Saw Ean J  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Jason Lim Chen Thor and Kevin De Souza (De Souza Lim &
Goh LLP) for the plaintiff; Andre Yeap SC, Danny Ong Tun Wei and Yam Wern-
Jhien (Rajah & Tann LLP) for the defendant.  
Parties| :|  Pun Serge — Joy Head Investments Ltd  
  
29 June 2010| Judgment reserved.  
---|---  
  
Belinda Ang Saw Ean J:

Introduction

1 Under an agreement dated 15 September 2008 (“the Agreement”), the plaintiff,
Serge Pun (henceforth, “the Purchaser”), agreed to purchase the interests of
the defendant, Joy Head Investments Limited (henceforth, “the Vendor”), in
Winner Sight Investments Limited (“WSIL”), a company incorporated in Hong
Kong, for a total consideration of HK$84,974,780 (“the Consideration”). These
interests comprised 2,000 sale shares in the issued capital of WSIL and an
outstanding shareholder’s loan by the Vendor to WSIL (henceforth collectively
“the Vendor’s interests in WSIL”).

2 The Agreement was designed primarily to bring an end to earlier litigation
between the Vendor and Purchaser in Suit No 225 of 2008 (“the Initial
Action”). The details of the Initial Action are not relevant for present
purposes; it suffices to say that that action was commenced against the
Purchaser by the Vendor in respect of disputes relating to the purchase of the
Vendor’s interests in WSIL.

3 It is common ground that the Purchaser acquired the Vendor’s interests in
WSIL on 15 December 2008, having earlier failed to complete the transaction on
9 December 2008 as agreed (“the Agreed Completion Date”). This present action
concerns the Vendor’s retention of S$1m which it received after it called on a
performance bond furnished by the Purchaser in the form of an on-demand
banker’s guarantee pursuant to the Agreement (“the Performance Bond”)
immediately following the Purchaser’s breach of the Agreement on 9 December
2008. In brief, the nub of the issue between the parties is whether the Vendor
is entitled, as it contends, to keep the full amount paid under the
Performance Bond even though it had suffered no loss[note: 1] as a result of
the Purchaser’s breach of the Agreed Completion Date of 9 December 2008. The
events leading to the breach and the post-breach dealings between the parties
are narrated below (see [4] to [7]).

The material facts and the parties’ contentions

4 The salient facts relevant to the dispute between the parties are relatively
straightforward. Originally, under the Agreement, the Completion Date was
stipulated to be 19 December 2008. However, on or about 5 December 2008, the
parties agreed, at the Purchaser’s suggestion, to bring forward the Completion
Date to 9 December 2008, the Agreed Completion Date. This was consistent with
the terms of the Agreement, which stated that completion could take place on
“such other earlier date as may be agreed in writing between the Vendor and
the Purchaser”.[note: 2] On 9 December 2008, the Purchaser gave instructions
for the Consideration to be remitted to the Vendor’s designated account. As it
turned out, however, due to certain technicalities with the Purchaser’s
financier, the money was not received in the designated account that day.
Accordingly, completion did not take place on 9 December 2008.

5 On 10 December 2008, the Vendor demanded from the issuing bank (“OCBC Bank”)
payment of the full amount of S$1m payable under the Performance Bond, and
OCBC Bank duly paid the S$1m to the Vendor’s solicitors, M/s Rajah & Tann LLP
(“R&T”), on or about 16 December 2008.

6 Between 10 December 2008 and 15 December 2008, the Purchaser’s
representatives provided assurances and copies of documents to the Vendor in
an attempt to satisfy the latter that instruction _had_ indeed been given for
the Consideration to be remitted into its designated account on 9 December
2008\. Subsequently, on 15 December 2008, the Vendor confirmed that it had
received the Consideration in its designated account. The parties then
proceeded to exchange the requisite documents to effect the sale of the
Vendor’s interests in WSIL to the Purchaser.

7 This “completion”, however, proceeded (so the Vendor argues) on the supposed
basis (as per R&T’s letter of 15 December 2008 [note: 3]) that it would be
without prejudice to the Vendor’s rights under the Agreement in respect of the
Purchaser’s tardiness and breach on 9 December 2008, including but not limited
to the alleged right to make a demand on the Performance Bond (which it had
done on 10 December 2008) and to retain the proceeds thereof.[note: 4] In
other words, from the Vendor’s point of view, the exchange of documents for
the Consideration (the Vendor does not accept that what took place on 15
December 2008 was “Completion” as defined in the Agreement) was on the basis
that the Vendor was entitled to demand and retain the sum of S$1m under the
Performance Bond _without more_. Arising from these facts, it is the Vendor’s
case that:

(a) the Purchaser acquired the Vendor’s interests in WSIL on the basis that
the Vendor was entitled to demand the sum of S$1m under the Performance Bond
and would be retaining the same, which the Purchaser had accepted without any
protest whatsoever;[note: 5] and that basis constituted a new contract which
was separate and distinct from the Agreement and the completion of the sale as
contemplated therein;[note: 6] and/or

(b) the S$1m was separate consideration payable by the Purchaser to the Vendor
under cl 4.2.6 of the Agreement.[note: 7]

8 On this second point (b), much of the present dispute turns on the
interpretation of several clauses in the Agreement relating to the provision
(and subsequent discharge) of the Performance Bond by the Purchaser. Clause
4.1.1 of the Agreement provides, very broadly, for the securing of “the
obligations of the Purchaser under [the] Agreement” via the Performance Bond,
as follows:[note: 8]

At the time of the execution of this Agreement by the Parties and against
delivery by the Vendor of the executed copy of this Agreement to the Purchaser
or the Purchaser’s Solicitors, the Purchaser shall deliver to the Vendor and
_the Vendor shall receive from the Purchaser a performance bond issued by a
first class bank in Singapore on terms acceptable to the Vendor whereunder the
performance of the obligations of the Purchaser under this Agreement shall be
irrevocably and unconditionally secured by the above bank up to the maximum
sum of S$1,000,000_ “Performance Bond”). [emphasis added]

9 Based on the terms of the Agreement, it appears that the Performance Bond,
which was in effect an on-demand banker’s guarantee, was meant as assurance
for the Vendor against a multitude of contingencies that might have occurred
_pending_ the completion of the sale and purchase of the Vendor’s interests in
WSIL. These contingencies comprised, among other things, a failure by the
Purchaser to:[note: 9]

(a) pay any money payable by the Vendor towards any increase in share capital
and/or any shareholder’s loan (“Additional Capital Injection”) which the
Vendor was required to pay for pursuant to certain budget and capital proposal
approvals (“Approvals”) sought by the Purchaser under the Agreement and given
by the Vendor at the Purchaser’s request; and

(b) ensure that completion took place on the Completion Date as provided for
in the Agreement and as agreed between the parties. (On the fact of this case,
the Agreed Completion Date.)

In the event of any of the contingencies occurring, the Vendor argues that it
was entitled, pursuant to cll 4.2.6(i) and 4.2.6(ii) of the Agreement, to
retain the full amount payable under the Performance Bond. For completeness, I
should mention that the Vendor in its pleadings also relies on cl 5.5.2(b) as
entitling it to retain the S$1m. (The specific clauses of the Agreement
referenced here and immediately below shall be addressed in greater detail
later on in this judgment.)

10 The Purchaser disagrees with the Vendor’s contentions and is now claiming
for the return of the S$1m paid out under the Performance Bond. The
Purchaser’s primary argument is that the Agreement _was not terminated_ by the
Vendor after the Purchaser’s default on 9 December 2008, and, as such, what
took place on 15 December 2008 could only have been completion proper, and not
a mere “exchange of documents” as alleged by the Vendor.[note: 10]
Consequently, the Vendor is obliged to return the S$1m under cl 5.6.2 of the
Agreement. (I should mention again that S$1m was paid by OCBC Bank to R&T on
or about 16 December 2008, and that R&T wrote to OCBC Bank on 17 December 2008
to acknowledge receipt of the payment.[note: 11]) The Purchaser’s point, in
short, is that the S$1m was received _after_ the Purchaser acquired the
Vendor’s interests in WSIL, and should, therefore, be returned to the
Purchaser under cl 5.6.2 or cl 4.2.6(iii) of the Agreement which provides for
the payment of S$1m to be deemed waived in the event of “Completion” as
defined in cl 1.1 of the Agreement (see [29] below).[note: 12] On the Vendor’s
further argument that the exchange of documents on 15 December 2008
constituted a new contract which was separate and distinct from the Agreement
as “Completion” under the Agreement was no longer possible,[note: 13] the
Purchaser rejects the Vendor’s contention of a “new contract” since the
Agreement was never terminated by the Vendor following the Purchaser’s breach
of the Agreement on 9 December 2008. As for the Vendor’s alternative argument
that the S$1m was a separate consideration prescribed under cl 4.2.6 and, by
reason thereof, the Vendor is entitled to retain the full amount payable under
the Performance Bond, the Purchaser says that cll 4.2.6(i) and 4.2.6(ii) were
not engaged because prior to 15 December 2008, there was _no_ call on the
Vendor by WSIL to subscribe and pay any increase in its share capital and/or
any shareholder’s loan. It is the Purchaser’s case that, in the circumstance
as described, he was under no obligation to pay the separate consideration for
the Approvals: he had completed the purchase of the Vendor’s interests in WSIL
on 15 December 2008, and by virtue of cl 4.2.6(iii), the Vendor is deemed to
have waived the payment of the sum of S$1m as separate consideration for the
Approvals.[note: 14] The relevant portions of cl 4.2.6 are reproduced in this
judgment at [36] below.

The nature of the Performance Bond

11 At this juncture, a proper consideration of the _nature_ of the Performance
Bond is in order. The Purchaser argues at para 14 of his Statement of Claim
(Amendment No 1) that: [note: 15]

… there is an implied contractual term in the Agreement that the [Vendor]
would account to the [Purchaser] for the proceeds received under the
Performance Bond and would only retain the amount of any loss suffered by the
[Vendor] in consequence of the [Purchaser’s] failure to complete on the
Completion Date.

The Purchaser’s contention finds support in _Cargill International SA and
another v Bangladesh Sugar and Food Industries Corp_ [1996] 4 All ER 563 (“
_Cargill_ ”). In _Cargill_ , it was established that since a performance bond
was not an _estimate of damages_ that might flow from a breach of contract
but, rather, a _guarantee of due performance_ of a contract, it would be
_implicit in the nature of such a bond_ that unless the contrary was expressly
stated, there would at some future stage be an accounting between the
contracting parties (hereafter referred to as a “subsequent mutual
accounting”) in the event that payment was indeed made under the bond. As was
noted by Potter LJ in _Comdel Commodities Ltd v Siporex Trade SA_ [1997] 1
Lloyd’s Rep 424 (“ _Comdel_ ”) at 431, which applied the _Cargill_ analysis in
full:

If the amount of the bond is not enough to satisfy the seller’s claim for
damages, the buyer is liable to the seller for damages in excess of the amount
of the bond. On the other hand, if the amount of the bond is more than enough
to satisfy the seller’s claim for damages, the buyer can recover from the
seller the amount of the bond which exceeds the seller’s damages.

12 As a matter of intellectual consistency and symmetry, this approach can
only be sensible. I do not think that the Vendor here would have been content
to limit its claim to only S$1m without more if the Purchaser had not gone
ahead with the sale as contemplated by the Agreement. This observation is
borne out, for instance, by cl 5.5.3 of the Agreement, which obliges the
Purchaser to indemnify the Vendor against “any and all losses, damages, costs,
expenses… arising from, relating to and /or in connection with this Agreement
(including but not limited to any failure or breach on the part of the
Purchaser in respect of this Agreement)”.[note: 16] On the facts, the
Performance Bond functioned as a form of security; and, as with any secured
creditor, the Vendor was entitled to the security provided, but was
nonetheless subject to the full extent of its claim. Any shortfall between the
full amount of the security and the Vendor’s loss would have to be
additionally made good by the Purchaser subsequently; conversely, any excess
of the security after taking into account the amount needed to cover the
Vendor’s loss would have to be accounted for by the Vendor.

13 _Cargill_ was subsequently affirmed on appeal (see _Cargill International
SA and another v Bangladesh Sugar and Food Industries Corp_ [1998] 2 All ER
406 (“ _Bangladesh Sugar_ ”)), and the principle espoused therein has since
been applied in numerous other cases. Notably, in the recent case of
_Tradigrain SA v State Trading Corp of India_ [2006] 1 Lloyd’s Rep 216,
Christopher Clarke J employed at [26] the terminology of an implied
contractual term, which terminology was also adopted by the Purchaser in the
present case):

In my judgment [_Cargill_] (and the citations in it) are authority for the
proposition that _there is an implied term in the contract of sale that the
Buyers will account to the Sellers for any amount that has been paid under the
bond to the extent that the amount paid exceeds the true amount of the Buyer’s
loss_. The amount is due to the Sellers as a debt, whether or not the Sellers
have indemnified either the paying bank or the indemnifier of the paying bank.
In essence this is because, _by calling for too much under the bond, the
Buyers have procured payment to themselves from the paying bank (acting, for
this purpose, on the Sellers’ behalf) of an amount that is not due, and must,
obviously, return it to their contractual counterparty from whom they should
not have procured it in the first place. Otherwise they will have retained a
windfall in the form of money to which they were not entitled since, to the
extent of the overpayment, there has been either no breach or no loss
entitling them to retain it_. This conclusion appears to me to be correct in
principle and has been approved by the Court of Appeal. [emphasis added]

14 It should be noted that in _Cargill_ , _Bangladesh Sugar_ and _Comdel_ ,
the court referred to the subsequent mutual accounting (as defined at [11]
above) as being “ _implicit_ in the nature of a performance bond” (_Bangladesh
Sugar_ at 406), and stated that the relevant parties concerned “very probably
[would] have known that that [was] a general feature of performance bonds”
(_Bangladesh Sugar_ at 416). The distinction between the words “ _implicit_ ”
and “ _inherent_ ” is slight, but, to my mind, it is preferable to regard the
subsequent mutual accounting as something _inherent_ in all performance bonds.
This straightforward approach would elide the difficulty of determining
whether the particular contract at hand requires the implication of an implied
term in question.

15 At this juncture, it is important to note that the provisions in the
Agreement which relate to the Performance Bond do not take away the
possibility – or even appropriateness – of a subsequent mutual accounting.
Clause 4.1 of the Agreement expressly states that:[note: 17]

… the performance of the obligations of the Purchaser under this Agreement
shall be irrevocably and unconditionally secured by the above bank up to the
maximum sum of S$1,000,000 (the “Performance Bond”).

In my view, the use of the word “secured” points unequivocally towards the
Performance Bond constituting security for the Purchaser’s performance of the
contract. In this connection, it should be emphasised that the limit of S$1m
operated only as between the _Purchaser_ and _OCBC Bank_ (_viz_ , the issuing
bank). The Purchaser would still be liable to the _Vendor_ if the latter’s
claim exceeded the stipulated sum of S$1m.

16 Separately, under cl 4.2.6 of the Agreement, a triumvirate of possibilities
are countenanced, each phrased in terminology which is consistent with a
subsequent mutual accounting. The opening words of cl 4.2.6 reference a
“consideration [of S$1m] for the consent and/approval of the Vendor to any and
all the Proposals”.[note: 18] I will come to this provision later in the
judgment (see [31] \- [38] below)). First, however, a consideration of cl
4.2.6(i), which states that:

… in the event of failure by the Purchaser to make any such payment of the
Additional Capital Injection or any part thereof … the payment of S$1,000,000
above shall be deemed to have been made by the Purchaser upon receipt by the
Vendor of the full amount payable under the Performance Bond, which amount
shall be retained by the Vendor for its sole benefit …

Under this sub-clause, therefore, if the Purchaser failed to provide the
required Additional Capital Injection, the secured sum of S$1m would be used
to offset (presumably in part since the Additional Capital Injection was
contemplated to be more that S$1m) that payment; _ie_ , the S$1m would not be
paid over _in vacuo_. Similarly, cl 4.2.6(ii), which provides for the S$1m to
be retained by the Vendor should the Purchaser fail to effect completion on
the Agreed Completion Date, is also consistent with a subsequent mutual
accounting to the extent that “the Vendor shall be entitled to retain all
Rights and Assets from the Additional Capital Injection by the Purchaser … all
of which shall be for the Vendor’s sole benefit”.[note: 19]

17 Separately, cl 4.2.6(iii) states that in the event that completion takes
place, the Vendor is deemed to have waived the payment of the S$1m, “without
prejudice to any rights or remedies which the Vendor may have under this
Agreement, and/or any other rights or remedies which the Vendor may have in
law and/or equity”.[note: 20] This language employed certainly does not
preclude the existence of a duty to carry out a subsequent mutual accounting
_vis-a-vis_ any amount paid out under the Performance Bond; indeed, the
reservation to the Vendor of rights and remedies in law and/or equity for
prior breaches on the part of the Purchaser in the plain wording of cl
4.2.6(iii) encourages the possibility of subsequent mutual accounting.

18 Finally, it should be noted in passing that according to the proviso (2) to
cl 5.5.2(d) of the Agreement:[note: 21]

… no credit, set-off or deduction whatsoever shall be attributable and/or
given to, and _the Purchaser shall have no interest … in respect of … any
monies received by the Vendor pursuant to and/or under the Performance Bond_.
[emphasis added]

However, it must be noted that the wording of sub-clause (d) of cl 5.5.2 is
confined to the situation where the Vendor commences action against the
Purchaser and enters final judgment therein against the Purchaser for _non-
completion_ on the part of the Purchaser of the Purchaser’s completion
obligations under cl 5.3 of the Agreement.[note: 22] Thus, proviso (2) to cl
5.5.2(d) quoted above applies _only where the Vendor has sued on the Agreement
and is subsequently executing on the judgment_. Pursuant to cl 5.5.1 of the
Agreement, the Vendor can sue on the Agreement where: (a) it has elected to
terminate the Agreement as against the Purchaser; (b) it has decided to effect
completion so far as practicable, having regard to the defaults which have
occurred; or (c) it is seeking specific performance.

19 Here, the Vendor did not terminate the Agreement and bring an action
against the Purchaser when it did not receive the Consideration on 9 December
2008. In the circumstances, I do not see how the provisions of proviso (2) to
cl 5.5.2(d) can apply to the countenanced duty of carrying out a subsequent
mutual accounting.

Legal effect of non-termination of the Agreement

20 By cl 6.6 of the Agreement, time was stated to be of the essence.[note: 23]
Since completion did not take place on the Agreed Completion Date of 9
December 2008, the Purchaser had _prima facie_ committed a repudiatory breach.
This was readily agreed on and acknowledged by both the Purchaser and the
Vendor in their submissions.[note: 24]

21 It should be borne in mind that the Vendor itself saw the various terms and
clauses countenanced in the Agreement as “water-tight”,[note: 25] and the
Agreement itself as conclusive in anticipating and resolving any possible
disputes. It is only apposite, therefore, that the four options laid out by cl
5.5.1 of the Agreement be taken into consideration by this court _before_ any
ad hoc, unilateral improvisations by the Vendor, acting alone, can be
seriously contemplated and relied upon.

22 Clause 5.5.1 provides four options to an innocent party in the event of
non-completion.[note: 26] These options reflect the standard contractual
rights available at common law, and permit the non-defaulting party:

(a) to elect to terminate the Agreement as against the party in default;

(b) to effect [c]ompletion so far as practical, having regard to the defaults
which have occurred;

(c) to seek specific performance of the Agreement; or

(d) to fix a new date for [c]ompletion (being not more than 14 days after the
Agreed Completion Date), in which case the provisions of cll 5.3 and 5.4
(which spell out the Purchaser’s and the Vendor’s respective [c]ompletion
obligations) shall apply to [c]ompletion as so deferred.

23 In the present case, after the Purchaser’s default on 9 December 2008, the
Vendor _did not_ expressly elect to adopt any of the four options open to it
under cl 5.5.1 for non-completion on the part of the Purchaser of its
completion obligations under cl 5.3. In particular, it _did not choose to
terminate the Agreement_. Therefore, on 15 December 2008, when the sale of the
Vendor’s interests in WSIL to the Purchaser went ahead, the Agreement remained
very much alive.

24 The law in this area is settled, and the authorities, conclusive. _Chitty
on Contracts_ (HG Beale Gen Ed) (Sweet & Maxwell, 30th Ed, 2008) (“ _Chitty_
”) sets out the position succinctly at para 24-003:

Where the innocent party, being entitled to choose whether to treat the
contract as continuing or to accept the repudiation and treat himself as
discharged, elects to treat the contract as continuing, he is usually said to
have “affirmed” the contract. … Affirmation may be express or implied. _It
will be implied if, with knowledge of the breach and of his right to choose,
he does some unequivocal act from which it may be inferred that he intends to
go on with the contract regardless of the breach or from which it may be
inferred that he will not exercise his right to treat the contract as
repudiated_. Affirmation must be total: _the innocent party cannot approbate
and reprobate by affirming part of the contract and disaffirming the rest, for
that would be to make a new contract_.

… _[I]f the innocent party_ unreservedly continues to press for performance or
_accepts performance by the other party after becoming aware of the breach and
of his right to elect, he will be held to have affirmed the contract_.

[emphasis added]

25 The conduct by the Vendor in going ahead with the exchange of documents on
15 December 2008 to effect the sale of its interests in WSIL to the Purchaser
would seem to amount to affirmation of the contract as described in the above
passage from _Chitty_. By way of rebuttal, the Vendor might argue (and indeed,
has argued) that it had, by R&T’s letter dated 15 December 2008 to the
Purchaser’s solicitors, reserved its rights in respect of the Purchaser’s
breach, in particular, its right to make a demand on the Performance Bond and
to keep the proceeds. To elaborate, the Vendor’s argument was that there was
no total affirmation of the Agreement despite the Purchaser’s repudiatory
breach on 9 December 2008.[note: 27] It was further submitted that the
Purchaser subsequently acquired the Vendor’s interests in WSIL on the basis
that the Vendor was entitled to demand the sum of S$1m under the Performance
Bond and would be retaining the same, a premise which the Purchaser had
accepted without any protest whatsoever. On that basis, as the Vendor’s
argument develops, a new contract, separate and distinct from the Agreement
and the completion of the sale as contemplated therein, would have been
constituted.

26 In my view, this argument is neither here nor there. The _un-terminated_
existence of the Agreement between 10 December 2008 and 15 December 2008 and
the subsequent affirmation of this Agreement (and I so find, through the sale
and purchase of the Vendor’s interests in WSIL on 15 December 2008) were not
just chronologically prior to the purported “reservation” by the Vendor of its
rights – they were also _logically_ prior. In my judgment, the Vendor had on
15 December 2008 purported to reserve its right to claim on the Performance
Bond when _that right had not yet properly accrued_ (see further explanation
at [27] below). I make the same point and finding in respect of the other
purported oral reservation of rights made in the course of telephone
conversations between the respective parties’ solicitors on or about 15
December 2008 to the effect that the demand on the Performance Bond stood and
that notwithstanding any subsequent performance by the Purchaser of his
completion obligations under cl 5.3, the Vendor would keep the S$1m received
under the Performance Bond.[note: 28] In this connection, _Chitty_ is
instructive once again (see para 24-002):

An innocent party, faced by a repudiatory breach, is therefore given a choice
_: he can either treat the contract as continuing (“affirmation” of the
contract) or he can bring it to an end (“acceptance of the repudiation”)_. He
must “elect” or choose between these options. Further, it is sometimes said
that there is no other option open to the innocent party; that is to say,
there is no “middle way” or “third choice”. This is true in the sense that
_there is no_ :

_“… third choice, as a sort of via media, to affirm the contract and yet be
absolved from tendering further performance_ unless and until [the breaching
party] gives reasonable notice that he is once again able and willing to
perform.”

But _the proposition that there is no middle way can be over-stated. There is
a sense in which there is a middle way open to the innocent party in that he
is given a period of time in which to make up his mind whether he is going to
affirm the contract or terminate_.

…

The length of the period given to the innocent party in order to make up his
mind will very much depend on the facts of the case. The period may not be a
long one because a party who does nothing for too long may be held to have
affirmed the contract. The length of time will also depend upon the time at
which the innocent party’s obligations fall due for performance. _A contract
remains in force until it has been terminated for breach so that a contracting
party who has not elected to terminate the contract remains bound to perform
his obligations unless the effect of the other party’s breach is to prevent
performance of the innocent party’s obligation becoming due_.

[emphasis added]

27 In _Stocznia Gdanska SA v Latvian Shipping Co_ [2002] 2 Lloyd’s Law Rep
435, Rix LJ at [87] helpfully laid out the following:

In my judgment, there is of course a middle ground between acceptance of
repudiation and affirmation of the contract, and that is the period when the
innocent party is making up his mind what to do. If he does nothing for too
long, there may come a time when the law will treat him as having affirmed.
_If he maintains the contract in being for the moment, while reserving his
right to treat it as repudiated if his contract partner persists in his
repudiation, then he has not yet elected_. As long as the contract remains
alive, the innocent party runs the risk that a merely anticipatory breach, a
thing ‘writ in water’ until acceptance, can be overtaken by another event
which prejudices the innocent party’s rights under the contract – such as
frustration or even his own breach. _He also runs the risk, if that is the
right word, that the party in repudiation will resume performance of the
contract and thus end any continuing right in the innocent party to elect to
accept the former repudiation as terminating the contract_. [emphasis added]

It should be noted that the Vendor’s general reservation of rights in R&T’s
letter dated 15 December 2008 could have been _effective only if_ the Vendor
had chosen to exercise the rights _provided for under cl 5.5.1_ (as set out at
[22] above), which are the only rights prescribed by the parties themselves to
address the precise contingency of non-completion. In the present case, the
Vendor’s act of calling on the Performance Bond was not, in any way, an
acceptance of the repudiatory breach and/or act to rescind the Agreement which
was very much in force even after the breach on 9 December 2008. If anything,
that act, viewed in conjunction with the fact that the Vendor did not elect to
terminate the Agreement pursuant to cl 5.5.1(a), evidenced quite the converse.

28 It is worthwhile to note two possible scenarios that could have been at
play on 15 December 2008. First, the Vendor’s course of action on 15 December
2008 most closely mirrored option (d) under cl 5.5.1 (see [22] above). In the
absence of any express election, the Vendor could ostensibly have chosen that
particular option by agreeing, in writing, to sell its interests in WSIL to
the Purchaser on 15 December 2008. Second, it is also possible that the
Vendor’s behaviour (_ie_ , by calling on the Performance Bond on 10 December
2008 and reserving its rights to the same in subsequent letters on 12 December
2008 and 15 December 2008) after the Purchaser’s breach on 9 December 2008
impliedly constituted option (b) – it had, in a sense, chosen to “effect
[c]ompletion so far as practicable having regard to the defaults which have
occurred” (see cl 5.5.1(b) quoted at [22] above). However, this line of
reasoning might raise some potentially thorny issues; presumably, a temporal
allowance for the Agreement’s satisfactory conclusion would have been entirely
provided for by option (d), leaving option (b) open to address the possibility
of any waivers of defaults that had occurred _on 9 December 2008_ itself. That
said, I am mindful that it is not the Vendor’s case that it chose either
options (b) or (d) on 15 December 2008.

29 Indeed, if what took place on 15 December 2008 was not “Completion” under
the Agreement, what else could it have been? The Vendor asserts that it was an
“exchange of documents”, but this merely labels – without defining – a
persisting, unknown quantity. There was no argument that completion _had_ to,
by definition, take place strictly on 9 December 2008. Indeed, cl 1.1 of the
Agreement defines “Completion” to mean only “the sale and purchase of the sale
shares and … the assignment of the [s]hareholder’s [l]oan”.[note: 29] There
was also no evidence before me to show any intention or indication of the
Vendor’s allegation of a new contract being formed between the parties having
concluded for the reasons stated in this judgment that the purported
reservation of rights was ineffective. If anything, the “exchange of
documents” exemplified, at best, only an act of mitigation, on the (unproven)
assumption that the Vendor had accepted the Purchaser’s breach and terminated
the Agreement.

30 The Vendor, therefore, was bound by its obligation of waiving the payment
of the sum of S$1m by the Purchaser (as stipulated under clause 4.2.6(iii))
_in so far as the Purchaser subsequently performed its obligations under the
Agreement and the Vendor elected not to terminate the Agreement, which
remained extant between 10 December 2008 and 15 December 2008_. The Vendor’s
purported reservation of an ostensible right to demand payment under the
Performance Bond in that same intervening period, as well as its subsequent
retention of the amount paid out contrary to cl 4.2.6(iii) of the Agreement,
was ineffective; it was at best, a misguided attempt at exercising an illusory
and unsubstantiated “third choice” (_per Chitty_ at para 24-002 which is
quoted at [26] above).

Whether the Performance Bond was valid consideration for the Approvals

31 The Vendor’s other main plank of argument hinges on its assertion that
“[t]he scope and purpose of the Performance Bond … was to facilitate the
[Purchaser’s] payment of the sum of [S$1m] which constituted the separate
consideration payable by the [Purchaser] to the [Vendor] for certain specific
[A]pprovals from the [Vendor] which were sought and required by the
[Purchaser] as set out by Clause 4.2.6”.[note: 30] In other words, by the
Vendor’s reckoning, the Performance Bond was no more than the mode by which
payment of the sum of S$1m was to be made by the Purchaser to the
Vendor.[note: 31] By this logic, therefore, it would appear that the S$1m
would have been payable to the Vendor _regardless_ of any extrinsic issues
relating to completion.

32 Yet, the Vendor argues at para 120 of its closing submissions:[note: 32]

Instead, it is clear from Clause 4.2.6 that _the sum of S$1 million
constitutes a separate consideration for the Approvals_ , and Clause 5.5.2(b)
(read with Clause 4.2.6(ii) & (iii)) clearly serves: -

(a) as admitted by the [Purchaser], to facilitate the payment of the S$1
million consideration for the Approvals by the [Vendor] should the [Purchaser]
fail to effect “ _Completion_ ” on or before 9 December 2008, and
consequently, not be entitled to a rebate or waiver in respect thereof;

(b) _to establish an incentive for the [Purchaser] to effect “Completion” on
or before 9 December 2008_ ; and

(c) to alleviate the risk exposure by the [Vendor] to the consequences of
implementation of the Proposals (for which the Approvals were provided by the
[Vendor]) in the event that the [Purchaser] fails to effect “ _Completion_ ”
under the terms of the Settlement Agreement upon having obtained the Approvals
and implemented the Proposals.

[emphasis added]

It is difficult to understand the Vendor’s arguments here. On the one hand, it
insists that the S$1m “constitutes a _separate_ consideration for the
Approvals” [emphasis added]; yet, on the other hand, it appears to link this
_separate_ consideration to the event of completion, establishing it as an
“incentive” for the Purchaser to effect the same (timely or otherwise).

33 This conflict is problematic for various reasons. Taking the Vendor’s case
at face value, we have on our hands a situation where the consideration for
the Approvals was one that was both _waivable_ and _non-specific_ – that is to
say, the S$1m due under the Performance Bond, liable as it was to be paid out
pursuant to a multiplicity of “other bases for demand” (see for example the
use of this phrase in cl 4.2.3(a) and cl 5.5.2(b) of the Agreement) [note: 33]
was also perfectly relinquishable for reasons _entirely unrelated to the
bargain concerning the Approvals themselves_. With respect, this cannot be
right. At one level of this conflict is a sum of S$1m that seeks to serve
different purposes (some of which were conditional upon the occurrence of
specified defaults stipulated in cl 4.2.6(i) and cl 4.2.6(ii) rather than tied
to a specific promise). At another higher level is the question whether
“consideration” that is indeterminate and comprising one promise to be
enforced under two non-mutually exclusive scenarios can amount to good and
proper consideration.

34 The orthodox interpretation of consideration is that it is based upon the
idea of reciprocity: _viz_ , a promisee should not be able to enforce a
promise unless he has given or promised to give something in exchange for the
promise, or unless the promisor has obtained (or been promised) something in
return. Here, however, the Agreement as construed by the Vendor appears to
countenance the legitimacy of a catch-all performance bond (beholden, as it
were, to myriad bases of demand and, therefore, quite possibly subject to
dissipation pursuant to _other_ intervening catalysts) masquerading as a valid
reciprocal promise for “ _specific_ [A]pprovals”. Indeed, the requisite sum of
S$1m appears to be arguably nothing more than a slightly more difficult
variety of illusory consideration, which consideration is unenforceable given
the uncertainty and impossibility of its ambit _at the time of the contract_.

35 For all of the above reasons, I do not accept the Vendor’s argument that in
the light of the opening words of cl 4.2.6, the sum payable under the
Performance Bond can effectively amount to a “separate” consideration for the
Approvals. The specific trigger for the S$1m falling due on demand pursuant to
the Performance Bond simply could not have been both independent of completion
(as alleged) and yet, at the same time, contingent on completion taking place
as per the Agreement. As has already been discussed at [11]–[19] above, it was
clear to me that the sum payable under the Performance Bond was a form of
security ensuring the Purchaser’s performance, rather than any sort of
“consideration” for the Approvals. It would have been somewhat more
straightforward for all involved if the Vendor had simply called a spade a
spade from the outset.

36 Nonetheless, an alternative gloss on the issue appears to remain. Reading
the Agreement strictly, there seems to be room for the argument that the S$1m
due under the Performance Bond could have merely been _a fungible sum that
would go towards constituting a generic payment of S$1m due under cll 4.2.6(i)
and 4.2.6(ii) of the Agreement_. Clause 4.2.6 states:

The consideration for [the Approvals] shall be:-

(a) in relation to (i), (ii) and (iii) below, the payment by the Purchaser of
_the sum of S$1,000,000_ …

(b) ….

as follows:-

(i) in the event of failure by the Purchaser to make any such payment of the
Additional Capital Injection or any part thereof …. the _payment of
S$1,000,000_ above shall be deemed to have been made by the Purchaser upon
receipt by the Vendor of the full amount payable under the Performance Bond,
which amount shall be retained by the Vendor for its sole benefit;

(ii) in the event that Completion does not take place on or by the Completion
Date for any reason whatsoever … and/or if the Purchaser fails to perform the
obligations under Clause 5.3 or any part thereof, _the payment of S$1,000,000_
above shall be deemed to have been made by the Purchaser upon receipt by the
Vendor of the full amount payable under the Performance Bond …

(iii) in the event of Completion under Clause 5 below taking place, the Vendor
shall forthwith be deemed to have waived the payment of _the sum of
S$1,000,000_ above by the Purchaser …

[emphasis added]

On this view, the S$1m due under the Performance Bond would _not_ have
constituted “consideration” for the Approvals _per se_ ; instead, it would
merely have gone towards discharging the _separate_ sum of S$1m due under cl
4.2.6 (as emphasised in italics above). In other words, the Performance Bond
would have been simply a _means_ of effecting payment of the stipulated sum of
S$1m where payment was triggered under cl 4.2.6. On this construction,
therefore, there would no longer appear to be any issue with respect to the
Performance Bond having to perform a duplicity of consideration roles (as
discussed earlier).

37 In my view, however, this interpretation is still unsatisfactory. Whether
the amount due under the Performance Bond was meant _directly_ as
consideration for the Approvals, or whether the amount due was meant to go
towards _discharging_ a stipulated sum payable under cl 4.2.6, the fact
remains that in both cases, the sum of S$1m could have _only been in respect
of part-payment_ since it is entirely conceivable, for instance, that the
requisite Additional Capital Injection under clause 4.2.6(i) would have
surpassed S$1m based on the Vendor’s evidence[note: 34] – had that been the
case, I do not think the Vendor would have been content to limit itself to
only the S$1m due under the Performance Bond. This point has already been
elaborated on at [12] & [15] above.

38 In view of this, I find that the sum due under the Performance Bond must
have necessarily remained in the nature of a _security_ , albeit a security
that was not exhaustive in terms of quantum or remedy and which served only to
guarantee the performance of the Purchaser under the Agreement. It should be
noted in passing here that had the Vendor suffered greater losses for which it
wished to bring a claim under an action of its own, it was entirely entitled
to do so pursuant to cl 6.8 of the Agreement, which expressly left the door
open to the Vendor with respect to other remedies “otherwise available at law,
in equity, by statute or otherwise”.[note: 35]

Whether the provisions in the Agreement relating to the Performance Bond
amounted to a penalty clause

39 The contortions of the Vendor’s arguments in relation to the terms of the
Performance Bond stem, it would seem, largely from its wish _not_ to have
those self-same provisions struck down as constituting a penalty clause.[note:
36] Indeed the Vendor cites proviso (2) to cl 5.5.2(d) where the Purchaser
had, _inter alia_ , agreed that the “benefits conferred to the Vendor under
Clause 5.5.2 …are fair and reasonable, and do not constitute any penalty”.
[note: 37] Although I need not rule on this issue as I have already found that
the Performance Bond was a form of security aimed at ensuring the Purchaser’s
performance, the penalty clause arguments canvassed on both sides have been
spirited and deserve brief comment.

40 The legal test for assessing whether a clause amounts to a penalty clause
is largely settled. In _Dunlop Pneumatic Tyre Co Ltd v Garage and Motor Co
Ltd_ [1915] AC 79 (“ _Dunlop Pneumatic_ ”), Lord Dunedin put forward the
following formulation (at 86–87):

_The essence of a penalty is a payment of money stipulated as in terrorem of
the offending party; the essence of liquidated damages is a genuine covenanted
pre-estimate of damage_ … The question whether a sum stipulated is [a] penalty
or liquidated damages is a question of construction to be decided upon the
terms and inherent circumstances of each particular contract, judged of as at
the time of the making of the contract, not as at the time of the breach …
[emphasis added]

Lord Dunedin also provided the following gloss “to assist this task of
construction” (at 87):

_There is a presumption (but no more) that it is [a] penalty when “a single
lump sum is made payable by way of compensation, on the occurrence of one or
more of several events, some of which may occasion serious and others but
trifling damage”_ (Lord Watson in _Lord Elphinstone v Monkland Iron and Coal
Co_ [11App.Cas.332)). [emphasis added]

Lord Parmoor, in agreeing with Lord Dunedin, stated the following (at 101):

The agreed sum, though described in the contract as liquidated damages, is
held to be a penalty if it is extravagant or unconscionable in relation to any
possible amount of damages that could have been within the contemplation of
the parties at the time when the contract was made. No abstract rule can be
laid down without reference to the special facts of the particular case, but
when competent parties by free contract are purporting to agree a sum as
liquidated damages there is no reason for refusing a wide limit of discretion.
_To justify interference there must be an extravagant disproportion between
the agreed sum and the amount of any damage capable of pre-estimate_. In the
case of _Clydebank Engineering and Shipbuilding Co. v. Don Jose Ramos
Yzquierdo y Castaneda_ , Lord Halsbury gives an apt illustration of what would
probably render a sum agreed by the parties unconscionable, and therefore a
penalty:

“For instance, if you agreed to build a house in a year, and agreed that if
you did not build the house for [£50] you were to pay a million of money as a
penalty, the extravagance of that would be at once apparent.”

[emphasis added]

The analogy here is an easy one to draw; just as the builder of a house fails
by one day to deliver possession within a specified period of time for a
specific price (but not a _completely_ defaulting builder) would be
extravagantly punished with a million dollar penalty, so would the purchaser
of shares who has rendered late payment (but not _no_ payment). I shall
elaborate on this point, as it applies to the present facts, in further detail
below (see [45]).

41 It should be noted that the test in _Dunlop Pneumatic_ has been affirmed
and wholeheartedly applied by the Singapore courts on several occasions (see,
for example, _Banner Investments Pte Ltd v Hoe Seng Metal Fabrication &
Engineers (S) Pte Ltd_ [1996] 3 SLR(R) at [14] and _Orchard Twelve Investments
Pte Ltd v Golden Bay Realty Pte Ltd_ [1985-1986] SLR(R) 723 at [14]–[16]).

42 The Vendor, however, submits an alternative test for determining whether a
contractual clause which imposes payment in the event of a default is a
penalty clause – _viz_ , a test that relies on the relatively untested concept
of “commercial justification”. It cites the case of _Euro London Appointments
Limited v Claessens International_ [2006] 2 Lloyd’s Law Rep 436 (“ _Euro
London_ ”) as support for the proposition that a contractual provision, the
effect of which was to increase the consideration payable under an executory
contract upon default, should _not_ be “struck down as a penalty clause if the
increase could, in the circumstances, be explained as commercially
justifiable, provided always that its dominant purpose was not to deter the
other party from breach” (see Chadwick LJ in _Euro London_ at [30], citing
with approval the opinion of Coleman J in _Lordsvale Finance Plc v Bank of
Zambia_ [1996] QB 752 at 763H-764A). _Euro London_ has not yet been applied in
Singapore to date, and, in my view, it should likewise not be applied in the
present case for the following reasons.

43 In the first place, it is not at all clear, precedent threshold objections
aside, why this alternative test should be preferred in our present situation.
Clause 5.5.2 of the Agreement provides the following:

5.5.2 If Completion does not take place on or by the [Agreed] Completion Date
for any reason, whatsoever, save by reason of the default of the Vendor,
and/or if the Purchaser fails to perform the obligations under Clause 5.3
above, or any part thereof (including making payment to the Vendor of the
Consideration for the Sale Transaction or any part thereof), without prejudice
to any other of the Vendor’s rights under this Agreement or any other rights
or remedies available to the vendor in law or equity:-

(a) interest shall accrue on the Consideration for the Sale Transaction or any
unpaid portion thereof at the rate of 12% per annum compounded on a daily
basis from 1 April 2008 up to and including the day of actual Completion or
receipt of payment by the Vendor from the Purchaser, as the case may be;

(b) the Vendor shall, without prejudice to other bases for demand under the
Performance Bond, be entitled to forthwith demand for payment of the full
amount payable under the Performance Bond without reference to the Purchaser,
and retain the same for its sole benefit;

...

44 In its submissions, the Vendor argues that:[note: 38]

Clause 5.5.2(b) provides for the retention of monies already ‘paid-over’ by a
3rd party issuing bank pursuant to a well-recognised tripartite commercial
arrangement ... such monies were primarily intended as consideration for the
Approvals and not an ‘estimate’ of the amount of damages which the [Vendor]
would be entitled in the event of the [Purchaser’s] breach of the ...
Agreement. The classic test as expounded in _Dunlop Pneumatic_ of whether the
payment of a stipulated sum upon breach is a ‘genuine pre-estimate of loss’ is
therefore inapplicable.

In other words, the Vendor is contending that because the stipulated sum of
S$1m under the Performance Bond was _not_ a genuine pre-estimate of damages, a
separate, novel test should be adopted. Effectively, all the Vendor has done
is to concede that it has failed to satisfy the traditional criteria which
delineate what type of contractual clauses are not penalty clauses without
offering any genuine or compelling reason for the court to prefer the
alternative “commercial justification” test.

45 For the avoidance of doubt, even without the Vendor’s concession as noted
in [44] above, it would appear that the provisions under cl 5.5.2 (addressing
the event of a failure of completion) would have _in and of themselves_ easily
constituted a penalty clause. Clause 5.5.2(a) provides for “interest [to]
accrue on the Consideration for the Sale Transaction or any unpaid portion
thereof at the rate of 12% per annum compounded on a daily basis from 1 April
2008”, while cl 5.5.2(b), the much disputed Performance Bond clause, provides
that the Vendor may make a demand under the Performance Bond “without
prejudice to other bases for demand”. The fact that these two sub-clauses are
phrased _conjunctively_ and are capable of taking effect _cumulatively_ only
points to the inherently penal nature of the entire cl 5.5.2. This observation
is consistent with cl 6.8 which provides that “…each and every other remedy is
cumulative and shall be in addition to every other remedy given hereunder or
now or hereafter existing at law, in equity, by statute or otherwise.”[note:
39] When we consider how the interest accruing under cl 5.5.2(a) would have
entirely outstripped the sum of S$1m due under the Performance Bond, and how
the sum of S$1m for a few days’ delay is grossly disproportionate in respect
of the (unproven) harm or inconvenience ostensibly suffered by the Vendor, we
see even more clearly the extravagantly penal ramifications of cl 5.5.2. In
this regard, Lord Halsbury’s example of a penalty clause (see the quotation at
[40] above) is both germane and instructive.

46 Separately, it is also clear that _even on its own “commercial
justification” test, the Vendor fails to show why the provisions in the
Agreement relating to the Performance Bond are insufficient to constitute a
penalty clause_. In _Euro London_ , the court considered the standard terms of
a contract between an employment agency and its client. That contract provided
for a graduated refund of fees in the event of a termination of the contract
of employment of an employee whom the employment agency introduced to its
client. One of the disputed terms was structured such that the refund was
dependent upon the client making payment of the employment agency’s fees
within 7 days of the employee’s employment and serving notice of the
termination of that employee’s employment within the same 7-day period.
Another disputed term of the contract provided that should the terminated
employee be re-engaged by the client within six months following termination
of his prior engagement _in circumstances where the client would have been
entitled to a refund_ , the full agency fee would become payable by the client
to the employment agency, with no further entitlement to a refund.

47 Clearly, then, the commercial imperative for the disputed terms in _Euro
London_ was to avoid a situation in which, within a few weeks after employing
the employee introduced by the employment agency, the client terminates the
employee’s contract of employment, claims a refund of the employment agency’s
fee and _then_ re-engages the employee without more, thereby obtaining an
unfair benefit at the employment agency’s expense. The court in _Euro London_
, therefore, was arguably correct in holding that the disputed clauses were
“commercially justifiable, provided always that [their] dominant purpose
[were] not to deter the other party from breach” (see [42] above).

48 In contrast, it is readily apparent that the provisions in the Agreement
relating to the Performance Bond, on a reasonable construction of their
“dominant contractual purpose” (see _Euro London_ at [32]), were drafted
specifically for deterrence, _viz_ , “to deter the other party from breach”.
In so far as the Vendor has conceded that the sum of S$1m was not intended to
be a genuine pre-estimate of damages, and inasmuch as the proposition for the
S$1m being “separate” consideration for the Approvals has already been
rejected (see [31]–[38) above), it is difficult to see how the requirements
for penalty clause elision under _Euro London_ can be satisfied here by the
largely one-dimensional provisions in the Agreement relating to the
Performance Bond.

49 However, since I reached the conclusion that the Performance Bond
constituted a guarantee for the performance by the Purchaser of its
obligations under the Agreement, the fact that the Performance Bond provisions
are not a genuine estimate of damages that might flow from a breach of
contract is moot; these provisions nonetheless still do _not_ constitute a
penalty clause in view of the inherent (subsequent) mutual accounting
safeguards built into the _nature_ of a performance bond (see earlier at
[11]–[19] above). Accordingly, I do not find that the Performance Bond
provisions amounted to a penalty clause.

The actual document constituting the Performance Bond

50 In my judgment, it was fairly clear that the primary thrust of the
provisions in the Agreement relating to the Performance Bond was to ensure not
so much that completion took place on time, but that completion actually took
place. In this connection, I am guided by the actual banker’s guarantee
document (“Banker’s Guarantee”) for the sum of S$1m, payable on demand by the
Vendor. The Banker’s Guarantee states specifically that it is “in
consideration of [the Vendor’s] entering into the Agreement dated 15 September
2008 with [the Purchaser] ... pursuant to which the [Purchaser] is obliged to
procure and deliver this Banker’s Guarantee to [the Vendor] and in your
favour”.[note: 40] The “form and terms of [the] Performance Bond”, set out at
schedule 2 of the Agreement and specifically referenced by cl 4.1.2 of the
same,[note: 41] outlines the rationale for the Performance Bond, which had
undisputedly come to be fulfilled by the Banker’s Guarantee:

2\. In consideration of the Vendor entering into the Agreement with the
Purchaser and/or accepting this Performance Bond under the Agreement, we do
hereby agree and undertake unconditionally and irrevocably:-

(a) to pay forthwith upon first demand in writing by the Vendor and without
demur, all losses, damages, costs, expenses, fees or otherwise which the
Vendor in such demand claims to have sustained and/or incurred by reason or in
consequence of the default of the Purchaser in the performance and/or
observance of his obligations, undertakings and covenants under the Agreement
_and/or the non-completion of the sale and purchase transaction under the
Agreement for any reason whatsoever_ , provided that our obligation hereunder
shall be limited to the maximum aggregate sum of S$1,000,000.00 ...

[emphasis added]

Notably, there is no mention of any Completion Date in the Banker’s Guarantee
or under schedule 2.

51 I am further guided by the testimony of Mr Jerry Tan Chwee Lee (“Jerry
Tan”), the Vendor’s director and representative who negotiated the terms of
the Performance Bond with the Purchaser. During cross-examination, Jerry Tan
insisted that “Mr Pun and [he] had a deal, and the deal was that he would
complete the [A]greement at the [Agreed C]ompletion [D]ate, which we had
agreed on”.[note: 42] Accordingly, Jerry Tan maintained quite rightly that the
sum of S$1m due under the Performance Bond was not waivable in the
circumstances since the purpose of the Performance Bond was, ostensibly, to
ensure completion of the Agreement _on the Agreed Completion Date_.

52 However, this was only a bare assertion. Upon further elaboration during
cross-examination, Jerry Tan’s (voluntarily given) description of the “stages
of negotiations” [note: 43] leading up to the Performance Bond did not appear
to have timely completion in mind _at all_. Instead, from the
transcripts,[note: 44] it was clear that to all the parties concerned,
particularly the Vendor, the S$1m was to _constitute payment for the
Approvals_ (although, for the reasons stated at [33]–[38] above, the parties
were mistaken in thinking that the S$1m (as worded in the Agreement) could
validly and effectively serve this function):[note: 45]

So some of the directors were very unhappy, and said ‘Well, we've got to
protect ourselves, and we also have to get some payment for these approvals.’
I suggested $1 million, but some of the directors felt that we really should
ask for more. But based on my negotiations with Mr Pun, I felt that anything
above S$1 million probably wouldn't be doable, and both Mr Pun and I [_ie_ ,
Jerry Tan] did want to come to a settlement. So as for that, for the payment,
it was for payment of these three proposals that he wanted, that we said we
need a banker’s guarantee, sorry, we need payment for these approvals.

The above testimony was also confirmed by the Vendor’s director and primary
witness, Mr Leslie Tan Chwee Lye:[note: 46]

I would explain that the S$1 million came about as a price to pay for the
approvals, and it was negotiated by Jerry Tan and Mr Serge Pun.

53 In short, based on the foregoing, the intention of the _Vendor vis-à-vis_
the Performance Bond at the time of the contract appeared to be that, first
and foremost, it was to constitute consideration for the Approvals (however
erroneous the parties were in this regard); it would _then_ constitute
consideration generally for ensuring completion. The issue of timeliness did
not really operate on the parties’ minds with respect to the S$1m; in fact,
there was the separate cl 5.5.2(a) which provided for interest in the event of
delay. Additionally, as has already been noted, there was no mention made of
the Completion Date in the Banker’s Guarantee or under schedule 2 (see [50]
above).

Conclusion

54 Taking all of this into consideration along with the Vendor’s premature
reservation of a non-accrued right and its conceptually flawed
characterization of the money due under the Performance Bond as “separate”
consideration, I would allow judgment for the Purchaser’s claim of S$1m
together with interest thereon at the rate of 5.33% per annum from 26 February
2009 to the date of this judgment, and costs.

* * *

[note: 1]Transcripts of Evidence dated 3 December 2009 at pp 67 & 87

[note: 2]PCB at p 107

[note: 3]PCB p186

[note: 4]DCS at pp 27-29

[note: 5]DCS at [33]

[note: 6]DCS at [60]

[note: 7]DCS at [2], [5] & [120]

[note: 8]PCB at p 111

[note: 9]PCB at p 113-114.

[note: 10]DCS at pp 50-74, in particular [59]- [62]

[note: 11]PCB at p 242

[note: 12]PCB at p 106

[note: 13]DCS at [60] & [62(b)]

[note: 14]PCS at [5] & [6]

[note: 15]BP 110

[note: 16]PCB at p 118

[note: 17]PCB p 111

[note: 18]PCB p 113

[note: 19]PCB at p114

[note: 20]PCB at p114

[note: 21]PCB at p117

[note: 22]PCB at 114

[note: 23]PCB at p 120

[note: 24]PCS at pp 3-4; DCS at p 50

[note: 25]DCS at [194]

[note: 26]PCB at p 115

[note: 27]DCS at pp 55 - 69

[note: 28]Defence (Amendment No 3) at [28]; DCS at [32(f)(iii)]

[note: 29]PCB at p 106

[note: 30]DCS at p 6.

[note: 31]_Ibid_.

[note: 32]DCS at p 114.

[note: 33]PCB at pp 112-113.

[note: 34]Leslie Tan’s AEIC at [36]

[note: 35]PCB p120

[note: 36]DCS at pp 87-175.

[note: 37]PCB at p 117

[note: 38]DCS at pp 122-123

[note: 39]PCB at p 120

[note: 40]PCB at p 127

[note: 41]PCB at p125

[note: 42]Transcripts of Evidence dated 3 December 2009 at p96

[note: 43]Transcripts of Evidence dated 3 December 2009 at p88

[note: 44]Transcripts of Evidence dated 3 Dec 2009 at pp 88-92.

[note: 45]_Ibid_. at p 91.

[note: 46]_Ibid_. at p 73.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 29 Jun 2010 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

