Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Public Prosecutor _v_ Rosman bin Abdullah  
[2010] SGHC 271

Case Number| :| Criminal Case No 19 of 2010  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 14 September 2010  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Tay Yong Kwang J  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Crystal Ong, Toh Shin Hao and Geraldine Kang DPPs
(Attorney-General's Chambers) for the prosecution; Ram Goswami (K Ravi Law
Corporation) and Joseph Tan (DSCT Law Corporation) for the accused  
Parties| :|  Public Prosecutor — Rosman bin Abdullah  
  
14 September 2010|  
---|---  
  
Tay Yong Kwang J:

Introduction

1 The accused was born on 19 February 1969. He was tried and convicted on the
following capital charge under the Misuse of Drugs Act (“MDA”)(Cap 185):

That you, Rosman bin Abdullah,

on the 20th day of March 2009 at about 6.04pm, at Strand Hotel, Room 201, 25
Bencoolen Street, Singapore, did traffic in a controlled drug specified in
Class A of the First Schedule to the Misuse of Drugs Act, Chapter 185, to wit,
by having in your possession for the purpose of trafficking five (05) packets
of granular/powdery substance containing not less than 57.43 grams of
diamorphine at the aforesaid place, without any authorization under the said
Act or the Regulations made thereunder, and you have thereby committed an
offence under section 5(1)(a) read with section 5(2) and punishable under
section 33 of the Misuse of Drugs Act, Chapter 185.

Six other related non-capital charges under the MDA were stood down at the
commencement of the trial.

The prosecution’s case

2 On 20 March 2009, officers from the Central Narcotics Bureau (“CNB”)
conducted an operation at the Strand Hotel in Bencoolen Street. At about 6pm,
the CNB officers raided Room 201 in the hotel after confirming that the
accused was in the room. The accused was with a female, Aneeza d/o Abdul
Majeed (“Aneeza”).

3 A search of the room was conducted and substances believed to be controlled
drugs were found on the bed and the dressing table. SGT Muhammad Fardlie
(“Fardlie”) then proceeded to question the accused in Malay. Fardlie asked the
accused whether there were more drugs in the room. The accused replied that
there were more drugs in the room safe and that there were four bundles of
heroin inside. He also gave the combination number to open the safe as 6158.

4 The CNB officers proceeded to open the safe using the number provided by the
accused. Inside the safe was a red “Nescafe 3-in-1” bag which contained four
black bundles. Fardlie then used another officer’s pocket book to record a
statement from the accused. This statement was the subject of a trial within a
trial (“TWT No. 1”).

5 The accused and Aneeza were arrested and brought to CNB Headquarters later.
There, ASP Gary Chan recorded a statement from the accused under section
122(6) of the Criminal Procedure Code (Cap 68) (“CPC”). This statement was the
subject of a second trial within a trial (“TWT No. 2”).

6 The four black bundles seized from the room safe in the hotel were opened up
at CNB Headquarters. They were subsequently analysed by the Health Sciences
Authority and found to contain 57.43 grams of diamorphine. One of the black
bundles actually comprised two smaller plastic packets. There were therefore a
total of five packets, the subject of the capital charge. The accused’s urine
samples were also analysed and found to be positive for methamphetamine but
not for morphine.

7 Aneeza, 32 years of age, testified that she met the accused in a club about
two weeks before 20 March 2009. She had been staying with the accused in Room
201 for two or three days. The room was booked by the accused. They spoke to
each other in English and in Malay. She found his command of English to be
quite good. Both of them consumed “Ice” using the instruments kept in the room
safe. Aneeza had access to the room safe as she had been told by the accused
that the combination number to open it was 6969. The last occasion on which
she opened the room safe was on 19 March 2009 around midnight. The red Nescafe
bag was then not inside the room safe. When she tried to open it again around
noon on 20 March 2009, she could not do so as the combination number had
apparently been changed. The accused was not in the room at that time. She
thought the accused did not want her to consume “Ice” so she went to bed
again.

8 At about 4pm, the accused returned to the hotel room with some snacks. They
ate and then had sex. Aneeza asked him whether he had changed the combination
number of the hotel safe and when he confirmed that he had, she did not ask
him further. They talked for a while and she then suggested consuming “Ice”.
However, the room was raided by the CNB officers.

9 Aneeza was told to sit on a chair in one corner of the hotel room near the
windows while the CNB officers searched the room and one of them questioned
the accused. Her position was practically opposite the location of the hotel
safe which was placed on a shelf in a wood cabinet. She overheard a CNB
officer asking the accused in English what was in the safe and the accused
replying, “Heroin”. She was shocked as that was the first time she heard there
was heroin inside. She also heard the accused telling the CNB officer the new
combination number to the safe which she had since forgotten but which was not
6969. There was some conversation between the CNB officers and the accused in
Malay but Aneeza could not recall what was said. She understood Malay and knew
that the Malay word “ubat” meant heroin.

10 Aneeza was charged in court with a capital offence but was subsequently
given a discharge not amounting to an acquittal. She pleaded guilty to
possession and consumption of amphetamine and was imprisoned for 18 months.
She has served her sentence and was released on 1 April 2010.

11 SGT Chew Thye Kwang was with Fardlie guarding the back of the hotel. They
therefore went up to the hotel room a little later than the rest of the
raiding party of CNB officers. In the hotel room, SGT Chew heard Fardlie
asking the accused whether there was any drug in the room and the latter
saying the words “ubat” and “safe”. SGT Chew, who is not proficient in Malay,
understood “ubat” (or medicine) to be the street slang for heroin. They
escorted the accused to the room safe where Fardlie asked for its combination
number. The accused said in English it was 6158. SGT Chew did not recall the
word “heroin” being uttered.

12 SSG Thilakanand, whose main task that day was to guard the accused after
his arrest, heard a conversation between the accused and Fardlie in the hotel
room during which the accused mentioned “ubat”, “safe” and some numbers. SSG
Thilakanand was not fully conversant in Malay. He saw Fardlie keying in some
numbers at the safe whereupon the door of the safe was opened. He then saw
Fardlie recording a statement from the accused who was seated on the bed. He
could not recall whether anyone in the hotel room mentioned the word “heroin”.

13 SSG Nizammudin was among the party of CNB officers who were in the hotel
room that day. He heard Fardlie asking the accused whether there were any more
drugs to declare and the accused saying “ubat” and “safe”, using his head to
point towards the safe. SSG Nizammudin is a Tamil and he could only understand
a little of the Malay language. He knew that “ubat” was the street name for
heroin. He did not hear the accused utter “heroin”. He then saw Fardlie
bringing the accused to where the safe was and asking the accused what the
combination number of the safe was. The accused told Fardlie it was 6158. SSG
Nizammudin then opened the safe using the number given and placed the exhibits
therein in an exhibit bag.

14 SSI Khong Chung Leong testified that Fardlie told him that the accused had
revealed that there was heroin in the safe and that the combination number to
open it was 6158. When the safe was opened, Fardlie said there were four
bundles inside. He did not hear the accused say “heroin”.

TWT No. 1

15 This relates to the accused’s statement recorded by Fardlie in the hotel
room on 20 March 2009 from about 6.25pm to 7.18pm.

16 Fardlie testified that he spoke to the accused in Malay in the hotel room.
He was one of the two Malay CNB officers present that day and the other, a
female officer, was guarding Aneeza. Fardlie asked the accused whether there
were any more drugs in the room. The accused replied in a mixture of Malay and
English that there were drugs inside the safe. When Fardlie asked him about
the quantity of the drugs, the accused said “Ubat, empat batu” (literally,
“Medicine, four stones”) meaning there were four bundles of heroin inside. The
conversation was in a normal tone of voice. There was no raising of voice.

17 Fardlie recorded the words of the accused in SSG Nizammudin’s pocket book
as he did not bring his pocket book that day. Both Fardlie and the accused
were seated on the bed. Fardlie recorded in English because it was his
practice to write in English, then read back and translate.

18 He disagreed that the accused had told him the four bundles contained
Erimin. The four bundles and the other exhibits seized were placed on the bed
during the recording of the statement. The four bundles were not opened up
then and so Fardlie did not know for a fact what drugs they contained and
whether the case would lead to a capital charge or not. He could not therefore
have insisted that they contained heroin despite the alleged assertions by the
accused that they contained Erimin. He denied making any inducement or promise
to the accused while recording the statement, in particular, a promise that
the charge against the accused would not be a capital one. He also denied
having told the accused not to cover up for one Mahadhir, a name mentioned in
the CNB briefing before the raid on the hotel room. However, Fardlie did not
know who Mahadhir was or what the relationship between him and the accused
was. He agreed that he had not stated in the subsequent arrest report that the
accused told him “Ubat, empat batu”. However, the purpose of the arrest report
was to record the accused’s arrest and the drugs seized. There was no need to
state the contents of any conversation with the accused.

19 SSG Thilakanand, who had testified at the main trial, said he heard the
accused and Fardlie having a conversation but could not understand it fully as
he was not fully conversant in Malay. He agreed that he would not have
understood if a promise was indeed made to the accused in Malay. The accused
did not make any complaints. No one was shouting and both Fardlie and the
accused were very calm and behaved normally.

20 The accused agreed that the four bundles found in the room safe were placed
on the bed before the recording of the statement in question. The accused was
handcuffed and seated on one corner of the bed while Fardlie sat beside him.
They spoke to each other in Malay. Fardlie showed the accused Mahadhir’s
photograph and asked the accused whether he knew Mahadhir. The accused replied
that he knew him while in prison. Fardlie said he knew that the four bundles
contained heroin and that the accused was supposed to pass them to Mahadhir.
The accused told Fardlie that all he knew was that there was Erimin in the
four bundles. Fardlie told him not to lie, said that he (Fardlie) knew the
truth and promised the accused that there would be no death penalty involved.
He insisted that the accused was aware of the contents of the four bundles.

21 The accused was feeling afraid as he was told there was heroin in the four
bundles. If he denied knowing the contents, he would not have the benefit of
the offer of a non-capital charge. Fardlie wanted him to admit that the four
bundles contained heroin and that he was supposed to pass them to Mahadhir. He
could not remember anything else said by Fardlie. The accused asserted that
when asked by Fardlie earlier whether there were other drugs to surrender, he
said in Malay that there were more “barang” (things) in the safe. Fardlie did
not ask him what kind and quantity of drugs were in the safe. The accused
denied having said “Ubat, empat batu” as alleged by Fardlie.

22 Under cross-examination, the accused said he kept the four bundles in the
safe as Erimin was an illegal drug. Asked why nine slabs of Erimin were left
on the bed and not kept in the safe if that was so, he said that the four
bundles were meant for Mahadhir while those on the bed were meant for his
consumption. They did not belong to the accused. He admitted that the four
bundles contained heroin because of Fardlie’s offer of a non-capital charge if
he implicated Mahadhir. He wanted to cooperate with Fardlie so as to have a
lesser charge. However, in the statement in question, he did not implicate
Mahadhir. He was certain that the four bundles contained Erimin. He was aware
that the sentence for heroin was heavy compared to that for Erimin. He had no
dealings with heroin at all.

The decision of the court in TWT No. 1

23 The burden is on the prosecution to prove beyond reasonable doubt that the
statement recorded from the accused was made by him voluntarily, free from any
inducement, threat or promise.

24 I believed the evidence of the CNB officers. Fardlie had no reason to offer
the alleged inducement to the accused as he was not even aware at that time
who Mahadhir was or what his relationship to the accused was although he was
aware that Mahadhir was one of the subjects of the CNB’s investigation.
Further, as admitted by the accused, he did not implicate Mahadhir in his
statement in any event despite the alleged inducement.

25 The four bundles were not opened up in the hotel room. It was not certain
then that they contained heroin and if they did, what the quantity was. It
could not therefore be said that the case necessarily involved a capital
charge at that point in time.

26 It was submitted that there would have been no need for the statement in
question to be recorded if the accused had already made an oral admission
earlier (that there were four bundles of heroin in the safe). However,
recording of a statement is part and parcel of the CNB’s investigative
process.

27 The accused was also not able to give a consistent explanation for keeping
four bundles of Erimin in the safe while displaying nine slabs of the same
drug openly on the bed.

28 Considering the totality of the evidence adduced in TWT No.1, I was
satisfied beyond reasonable doubt that the accused’s statement was a voluntary
one made without any inducement, threat or promise. I therefore ruled that the
statement was admissible.

The trial proper resumes

29 The statement in question in TWT No. 1 was admitted as exhibit P-66. It
comprised 33 sets of questions and answers. In that statement, the accused
admitted ownership of the red Nescafe bag found inside the safe and of the
four bundles. He admitted that they contained heroin and that they were “for
me to sell”. When questioned by Fardlie whether he knew what the quantity of
heroin was, the accused replied that each bundle contained one big packet of
the drug and weighed about 800 to 900 grammes. He explained that he would
repack the heroin into smaller packets of about 8 grammes each and sell them
for around $300 each. He acknowledged that the weighing scale found on the
dressing table belonged to him.

30 When shown the photograph of Mahadhir, the accused said that was “May Day”
whom he knew while in prison. He admitted that the other drugs and
paraphernalia found in the room were also his and that those drugs were for
his consumption. When asked about Aneeza, he said she was his girlfriend and
that “she only knows that I consume drug but she does not know of me selling
drug”.

31 Fardlie explained that the weight of one sachet of heroin was usually about
8 grammes and that it would be sold for between $250 and $350. He also said
that Aneeza was not in the room during the recording of this statement
although she was brought in at one stage for the accused to identify her.
Fardlie and the accused had no difficulty understanding each other.

32 ASP Gary Chan was with the Investigation Division of the CNB at the
material time. On 20 March 2009, he was informed to take over the case at
Strand Hotel. When he arrived at the hotel room at about 8pm, he was briefed
on the events. After directing photographs to be taken of the hotel and the
room in question, he instructed that the accused and Aneeza be brought to
their respective residences for a search to be done.

33 At close to midnight, the accused and Aneeza were escorted to the Special
Investigation Team’s office in the CNB Headquarters. Mahadhir, who was
arrested elsewhere, was also brought to that office. Photographs were taken of
all the seized exhibits. Following that, ASP Gary Chan weighed the five
packets of drugs in the presence of the accused, Aneeza and Mahadhir. The
accused was then brought for a pre-statement medical examination after which
he was brought before ASP Gary Chan for his statement to be recorded pursuant
to section 122(6) CPC. This statement was the subject of TWT No. 2.

TWT No. 2

34 The total weight of the four bundles was 1033.08 grammes and that was the
amount of heroin mentioned in the original charge. At about 2.14am on 21 March
2009, the process of recording the statement began. The accused chose to speak
in Malay and therefore Mohammed Ali, a certified interpreter, sat in during
the recording of the statement by ASP Gary Chan in the Special Investigation
Team’s office. The accused chose not to make any amendment, deletion or
addition at the conclusion of his statement. He did not have any complaints.

35 It was put to ASP Gary Chan that the following conversation took place but
he denied it. The accused was said to have told ASP Gary Chan that Mahadhir
had told him to collect Erimin and that the accused did not know heroin was
involved until after the four bundles were opened up. He was also said to have
told ASP Gary Chan that Mahadhir had played him (the accused) out. ASP Gary
Chan then told the accused, “Never mind, now you admit the drug belong _(sic)_
to you. Later, I will reduce the charge to a non-hanging one.” Upon hearing
that, the accused was said to have felt relief and was thus induced to give a
statement.

36 According to ASP Gary Chan, the accused was cooperative and forthcoming in
his answers.

37 The interpreter, Mohammed Ali, is 74 years old. He works as a free-lance
interpreter for various law enforcement agencies. He had an eye operation
recently and also could not hear very well.

38 On the day in question, he was in the SIT office before the accused was
brought in. The accused had no objection to him playing the role of
interpreter. The accused spoke in Malay and Mohammed Ali interpreted what he
said into English. After ASP Gary Chan finished recording the statement, the
interpreter read it to the accused in Malay. The accused declined to make any
changes to his statement. The recording ended at 2.50am.

39 Under cross-examination, Mohammed Ali said that the accused could speak
English too. However, he still assisted by interpreting to the accused in
Malay what ASP Gary Chan said in English. The charge, the mandatory death
penalty for the offence and the notice of warning were explained to the
accused. Mohammed Ali denied that the accused told ASP Gary Chan in English
that Mahadhir had asked him to collect Erimin. Mohammed Ali did not even know
who Mahadhir was and did not hear any conversation between ASP Gary Chan and
the accused in English. He did not hear the accused say that he knew the four
bundles contained heroin only when they were opened up in CNB Headquarters or
that Mahadhir had played him (the accused) out. The only thing that the
accused said was that the girl was not involved. He also did not hear ASP Gary
Chan tell the accused to admit that the drugs were his in exchange for a non-
capital charge later.

40 The accused testified that he did tell ASP Gary Chan the following:

(a)

he did not know anything about the heroin;

(b)

he wanted to send the Erimin to Mahadhir;

(c)

he knew about the heroin only after the four bundles were opened up.

41 The accused alleged that ASP Gary Chan then told him, “Never mind, if you
admit, you will be given a lighter charge. There will be no death penalty”. He
claimed that upon hearing that assurance, he felt relieved as he believed ASP
Gary Chan who was the investigating officer in charge of his case.

42 In cross-examination, the accused said that he was shocked and scared when
the capital charge was read to him by ASP Gary Chan. He was still hoping that
Fardlie would keep his promise that it would not be a charge involving the
death penalty since he had cooperated with him in the hotel room and made the
admission. He believed that Fardlie would recommend that the charge be
reduced.

The decision in TWT No. 2

43 The issue in TWT No. 2 is similar to that in TWT No. 1 – whether the
accused was induced by the recording officer into making a statement.

44 The interpreter’s evidence was consistent with that of ASP Gary Chan. The
interpreter was candid even if he appeared confused about which document was
the charge and which was the notice of warning. He was genuinely surprised
when asked about Mahadhir whom he had not heard of. I had no difficulty
believing that he was telling the court exactly what he recalled about the
recording of the accused’s statement. I was satisfied beyond reasonable doubt
that ASP Gary Chan did not make the inducement alleged by the accused.

45 Accordingly, I ruled that the section 122(6) CPC statement was a voluntary
statement made without any threat, inducement or promise. It was admitted into
evidence as exhibit P68.

The trial proper resumes

46 In the said section 122(6) CPC statement, the accused said the following
four sentences:

The girl name Aneeza do not know anything about the drug in the room. She only
know that there is Ice in the room. She do not know about the Heroin. I admit
to the drug possession is belong to me.

ASP Gary Chan explained that the statement was ungrammatical but he recorded
faithfully what the interpreter said. After that, he took over all the
exhibits seized from the hotel room and kept them in his office safe.

The case for the accused

47 Defence counsel correctly did not submit that there was no case to answer.
The accused elected to testify when he was called upon to make his defence to
the charge. He called no other witness.

48 The accused, aged 41, said that he is single. He has a technical
certificate in maintenance fitting. He said that Aneeza was his girlfriend and
that they stayed together for five days in the hotel before their arrest on 20
March 2009.

49 The accused got to know Mahadhir while they were both in prison in 2003.
Mahadhir contacted him by telephone on 18 or 19 March 2009, asking him to
contact another person in order to collect Erimin. Subsequently, the accused
went to Mahadhir’s flat on 19 March 2009. He was supposed to take the money
while Mahadhir was supposed to collect the Erimin himself. However, Mahadhir
said he had a fever that day and asked the accused to bring the money to
collect the Erimin for him. The accused agreed and proceeded to the Si Mei
public housing estate.

50 There, the accused handed over the money to a Chinese man and took the
Nescafe bag (the one found in the hotel safe) from him. He could see that
there were four black bundles inside the bag but did not ask what they
contained as he knew that he was to collect Erimin for Mahadhir. He did not
suspect anything and did not even touch the four bundles. After that, he
telephoned Mahadhir but Mahadhir did not answer his call. He then returned to
Mahadhir’s flat intending to hand over the bag to him.

51 Nobody answered the accused’s knocks on the main door. He was concerned
that the bag would be stolen if he left it outside Mahadhir’s door. He
therefore brought it back to the hotel room at around 3am and kept it in the
safe. Aneeza was not in the room at that time.

52 After a short while, Aneeza returned to the hotel room. Both of them then
left to go clubbing at the Marriott Hotel and later at Orchard Towers. They
returned to the room sometime after 6am. When the accused was near the hotel,
he received a call from Mahadhir who asked him to bring the “barang” to him.
However, the accused was tired from his outing and went to sleep.

53 Sometime past noon, Mahadhir called the accused again about the “barang”.
The accused told him he was waiting for a friend and would bring the “barang”
to Mahadhir after that. The accused explained that “barang” meant the Erimin
that he had collected. After the accused had met his friend at the ground
level of the hotel, Mahadhir called again. The accused said he would return to
his room to get the Erimin and bring it to him. He bought some food and went
back to his room. A few minutes later, the CNB officers raided the room.

54 After the accused was handcuffed, he was told to sit on the bed. Fardlie
approached him later and asked him in Malay whether he had any “barang” to
surrender. The accused replied that there were more inside the safe. He gave
the combination number of the safe to Fardlie. Fardlie asked what kind of
drugs were inside and the accused told him it was Erimin. Fardlie did not ask
about the quantity. The accused denied having uttered the words “Ubat, empat
batu”, “Ubat” or “heroin” before the safe was opened.

55 The accused was certain that the four bundles in the safe contained Erimin
as that was the drug that Mahadhir asked him to collect. Although he knew that
Erimin was also illegal, he agreed to collect it for Mahadhir as he was aware
that Erimin is not a class A drug under the Misuse of Drugs Act (Cap 185) and
does not attract the death penalty. If he had been asked to collect heroin, he
would not have done it because of the severe punishments provided by law for
trafficking in heroin, including the death penalty should the amount of heroin
be 15 grammes or more.

56 When Fardlie questioned the accused in the hotel room about the contents of
the four bundles, he replied in Malay that they contained Erimin. Fardlie then
told him not to lie, that he (Fardlie) knew the contents were heroin and that
the accused was supposed to bring the four bundles to Mahadhir. Fardlie wanted
the accused to cooperate and tell the truth and to admit that the contents
were heroin meant to be delivered to Mahadhir. He promised the accused a
lighter sentence, i.e. there would be no death penalty. The accused was
relieved and hoped that the promise would be kept. He then made the statement
which was the subject of TWT No. 1.

57 The accused said that after Fardlie made the promise to him, he (the
accused) fabricated the said statement. It was not true that the four bundles
were for him to sell. They did not even belong to him.

58 When the four bundles were cut open at CNB Headquarters, the accused,
Aneeza and Mahadhir were present. The accused glanced at Mahadhir
questioningly but Mahadhir merely gestured by shaking his handcuffed hands
with his open palms moving from side to side.

59 For the section 122(6) CPC statement, the accused told ASP Gary Chan that
Mahadhir had asked him to deliver the Erimin but the officer promised him a
non-capital charge if he were to admit that the four bundles were heroin. This
conversation between them was in English although the Malay interpreter was
present. It was possible that the interpreter could not hear the conversation.
ASP Gary Chan did not record what the accused said about Erimin. While the
first three sentences in this statement (see [46] above) were true, the fourth
sentence was said by the accused only because of the promise of a non-capital
charge. In using the word “drug”, the accused was referring to heroin as that
was the drug the officer wanted him to admit to. This was after the four
bundles had been cut open.

60 In respect of the earlier statement recorded in the hotel room, the accused
said he also fabricated the answer that he wanted to repack the four bundles
into smaller packets. If he had wanted to do that, there would have been
plastic packets and other items used for repacking found in the hotel room but
there was none. Although he had the four bundles in his possession for about
18 hours, he did not attempt to repack them at all.

61 In cross-examination, the accused said that he shared the cost of the hotel
stay ($120 per night) with Aneeza. The other drugs found in the hotel room
also came from Mahadhir. The Erimin was for consumption as well as for sale.
The accused admitted that he had dealt in Ice and Erimin for two to three
months. He was Mahadhir’s runner. He agreed that he had not come across Erimin
wrapped up the way the four bundles were. He kept the four bundles in the safe
because they did not belong to him and anyone could have gone into the hotel
room and seen the illegal drug if it was left in the open. He changed the
combination number of the safe as he did not want Aneeza to know that he was
dealing in drugs although she knew that he was consuming drugs. The accused
was not calling Mahadhir to be his defence witness as Mahadhir would
definitely deny what the accused had said in court.

62 In re-examination, the accused added that he and Mahadhir had an agreement
that the accused was not allowed to open anything that he collected for
Mahadhir. Although he informed both Fardlie and ASP Gary Chan that Mahadhir
asked him to collect Erimin only, they did not record what he told them.
Mahadhir would hand the accused $10,000 to $15,000 each time to pay the
supplier of the drug that he collected on Mahadhir’s behalf. The drugs that
the accused collected were always in black bundles. Mahadhir did not pay the
accused for collecting the drug. Instead, he asked the accused to look for
customers and would sell him the drug at a lower price so that the accused
could benefit from the difference. He had never gone with Mahadhir to collect
drugs. He could not hand over the four bundles to Mahadhir after collecting
them as no one answered his knocking at Mahadhir’s flat that early morning.
Mahadhir told him later that day that he had dozed off and that his step-
mother heard the accused’s knocking but refused to open the door.

The decision of the court

63 On the issue whether the accused knew that the four bundles contained
heroin, I accepted that the accused did say the words “Ubat, empat batu” when
he was asked about what was inside the safe. There is no dispute that these
words meant, in drug jargon, four bundles or roughly four pounds of heroin.
The words “ubat” and “safe” were heard by at least three other CNB officers
(besides Fardlie). Although Aneeza testified that the accused said “heroin”
instead of “ubat”, it must be remembered that she and the accused could speak
both English and Malay and she could have recalled wrongly that the accused
said the English word instead of the Malay word. The raid by the CNB on the
hotel room also took place very suddenly and things were moving fast with many
officers in and around the room. I did not see Aneeza as a vengeful former
girlfriend who was out to get the accused into trouble.

64 I have already stated why I rejected the accused’s evidence about the
alleged inducement pertaining to the statement recorded in the hotel room.
That statement was explicit about what the accused intended to do with the
heroin that he had kept in the safe (see [29] above). Similarly, the section
122(6) CPC statement incriminated the accused as he admitted to possessing the
heroin after the capital charge was read and explained to him. He did not even
claim at that stage that he thought the four bundles contained nothing more
than Erimin. The accused was also inconsistent in his evidence regarding the
way Erimin was usually packed. I rejected his evidence that Mahadhir had told
him he was collecting only Erimin. In any event, he failed to call Mahadhir as
his witness without good reason and an adverse presumption must be drawn
against him in that Mahadhir’s evidence would not have been in his favour. The
accused was unable to rebut the presumption of knowledge of the nature of the
drug under section 18(2) MDA which he had been proved to be in possession of.
In addition, it was clear that the accused had actual knowledge that the four
bundles contained heroin.

65 The prosecution has proved that the accused was in possession of more than
2 grammes of diamorphine. Under section 17(c) MDA, the accused is presumed to
have had the drug in possession for the purpose of trafficking unless it is
proved otherwise but the prosecution has said it is not relying on this
presumption. The prosecution’s case is made out by the accused’s statements
made to Fardlie in the hotel room and by the section 122(6) CPC statement made
to ASP Gary Chan. I found the said statements to be entirely reliable. Where,
when and how the accused intended to repack the heroin into smaller packets
for sale were matters known only to the accused. After all, he had experience
in selling drugs although he claimed he did not deal in heroin. Further, the
sheer amount of heroin found in his possession showed that the drug was
obviously meant for trafficking and not for consumption. The accused’s urine
samples also showed no sign of consumption of heroin.

66 I was satisfied beyond reasonable doubt that the accused was guilty as
charged. I therefore convicted him and passed the mandatory death sentence on
him.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 14 Sep 2010 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

