Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Goh Teh Lee _v_ Lim Li Pheng Maria and others  
[2010] SGCA 18

Case Number| :| Civil Appeal No 134 of 2009/N  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 26 April 2010  
Tribunal/Court| :| Court of Appeal  
Coram| :|  Chao Hick Tin JA; Andrew Phang Boon Leong JA; V K Rajah JA  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  The appellant in person; Chelva Rajah SC, Cheah Kok Lim
and Leong Kwok Yan (Leong Kwok Yan) for the respondents.  
Parties| :|  Goh Teh Lee — Lim Li Pheng Maria and others  
  
[LawNet Editorial Note: The decision from which this appeal arose is reported
at [2010] SLR 1041.]

26 April 2010|  
---|---  
  
Chao Hick Tin JA (delivering the grounds of decision of the court):

Introduction

1 This was an appeal by the appellant, Goh Teh Lee (“Mr Goh”), against the
decision of the High Court in OS No 1627 of 2008. The judge in the court below
(“the Judge”) upheld the Strata Titles Board’s (“the Board”) decision in STB
No. 33 of 2008 where it granted an order, pursuant to s 84E of the Land Titles
(Strata) Act (Cap 158, 1999 Rev Ed) (“the Act”), for the collective sale of a
development (“the Development”) comprising of a four-storey block containing
24 flats (“Koon Seng House”) and nine pre-war terrace houses, making a total
of 33 units.

The facts

2 Mr Goh is the co-owner of one of the 24 flats (“Unit 136D”) and the sole
dissentient in the proposed collective sale of the Development. We should
explain that at the time of the hearings before the Board and the Judge, Mr
Goh was involved in divorce proceedings with his then-wife, the other co-owner
of Unit 136D, who agreed to the collective sale and appended her signature to
the relevant documents. The respondents to this appeal, Lim Li Pheng Maria,
Liew Yeow Siang, and Gobindram s/o Ramchand Chandumal (collectively “the
respondents”), are members of the sales committee representing the proprietors
forming the majority in the application for the collective sale of the
Development.

3 This collective sale was unusual in the sense that it involved a property
which had a mixed development on it, consisting of not only flats (which is
normally the case), but also of terrace houses all on one piece of freehold
land which had not been subdivided. The 24 flats were not strata subdivided
but were comprised in 999,999 year leases with no share in the land. There was
no separate subdivided title for the terrace houses either. The single owner
of the terrace houses (now deceased), who was also the proprietor of the land,
therefore held her freehold interest in the land subject to the leases of the
24 flats.

4 The idea of a collective sale was first raised in late 2006. By mid 2007, a
collective sale agreement (“the CSA”) was signed by the owners of 27 out of
the 33 units in the Development. Later, upon realising that the stipulated
reserve price for the collective sale was too high, the owners, who were
agreeable to the collective sale, agreed to reduce the same. A supplemental
agreement (“Supplemental CSA”) to that effect was signed by the owners of 30
out of 33 units (which included the owners of 21 out of the 24 flats). The
majority then applied for and obtained an allotment of notional share value
for each flat and terrace house. Subsequently, on 16 April 2008, an
application to the Board for a collective sale order in respect of the
Development was lodged, whereupon Mr Goh objected to the same. Despite Mr
Goh’s objections, the Board made a collective sale order (“the Order”) under s
84E of the Act as it stood prior to the Land Titles (Strata) (Amendment) Act
2007 (No 46 of 2007) and the Statutes (Miscellaneous Amendments) (No 2) Act
2008 (No 30 of 2008). However, these subsequent amendments to the Act did not
concern the present case. Dissatisfied, Mr Goh lodged an appeal against the
Board’s decision to the High Court, seeking to halt the collective sale.

5 Before the Board and the High Court, Mr Goh raised numerous grounds of
objection to the collective sale. They were, _inter alia_ :

(a) The method of distribution for the sale proceeds (which was equal
distribution of the sale proceeds among the 33 units) was unfair. Mr Goh
argued that the notional share value or floor area of each unit was not taken
into account. The “valuation method” of distribution should have been chosen
instead;

(b) It was not possible to determine if the required 80% majority had been
obtained as notional share values were only assigned after the majority had
executed the CSA. In any case, the 80% share value was in fact not obtained;

(c) The application to the Board for a collective sale order was out of time.
Mr Goh argued that the application was not made within 12 months after the
first 18 owners appended their signatures to the first CSA;

(d) Numerous breaches of mandatory statutory provisions of the Act had been
committed and the Board could not waive the same;

(e) There was an injunction made by the Subordinate Court in the course of the
matrimonial proceedings between Mr Goh and his then-wife which prevented Mr
Goh from disposing of his assets, and the Board did not have the power to
override the order of the Subordinate Court; and

(f) Pursuant to s 84E(11) of the Act, the owner of the nine terrace houses was
not entitled to the proceeds of the collective sale.

Being dissatisfied with his appeal being dismissed by the High Court, Mr Goh
then further appealed to this court, seeking to reverse the Judge’s decision.

Preliminary issue before this court

6 Prior to the scheduled hearing of the appeal, we asked for submissions on
whether it was necessary, under the existing scheme for collective sales, for
co-owners (whether by way of joint tenancy or common tenancy) to act together
if they wanted to either support or oppose a proposed sale. The answer to this
question was pivotal, as it would determine whether Mr Goh had the _locus
standi_ to lodge not only the appeal before us, but also the appeal before the
court below, and his objections before the Board. Should Mr Goh lack the
requisite _locus standi_ , it would mean that he would not have a right to
address us on the merits of his case, _viz_ , his substantive objections to
the collective sale.

7 Having analysed and considered the submissions of both parties, we concluded
that all co-owners had to act together to either support or oppose a proposed
sale. As Mr Goh’s ex-wife, the other co-owner of unit 136D, did not object to
the collective sale, and had in fact _agreed_ to the collective sale, we found
that Mr Goh did not have the _locus standi_ to appeal against the Board’s
Order (be it before this court or the High Court) or to object before the
Board in relation to the proposed collective sale of the Development.
Accordingly, we dismissed his appeal before us. We now set out the reasons for
our decision.

The nature of co-ownership

8 Our decision that all co-owners must act together to either support or
oppose a proposed sale is premised on first, the nature of the interest that
is being held by the co-owners, specifically, the concurrent interests in the
same property, and second, the collective sale regime set out under the Act.

9 It is trite law that an interest in the same property can be owned by two or
more persons at the same time, thereby entitling them to simultaneous
enjoyment of that property. This form of concurrent ownership of an interest
in land is known as co-ownership. Its increasing prevalence in Singapore
reflects family patterns of today and the rising cost of housing.

10 There are two types of co-ownership in Singapore, _viz_ , joint tenancy and
tenancy in common (For a general discussion on the nature of joint tenancy and
tenancy in common, see _Halsbury’s Laws of Singapore_ vol 14 (Lexis Nexis,
2009 Reissue) at paras 170.0034-170.0037 and 170.0046-170.0048; Kevin Gray &
Susan Francis Gray, _Elements of Land Law_ (Oxford University Press, 5th Ed,
2009) at pp 913-926, Robert Megarry and William Wade, _The Law of Real
Property_ (Sweet & Maxwell, 7th Ed, 2008) at pp 489-494; and Tan Sook Yee,
Tang Hang Wu & Kelvin FK Low, _Tan Sook Yee’s Principles of Singapore Land
Law_ (Lexis Nexis, 3rd Ed, 2009) at pp 187-191).

11 Joint tenancy is that form of co-ownership where each of the co-owners is
entitled to the whole of the interest which is the subject of co-ownership. In
a joint-tenancy, each joint tenant holds the whole jointly and nothing
severally: _quilibet totum tenet et nihil tenet; scilicet, totum in communi,
et nihil separatism per se_ [each holds the entirety and yet holds nothing;
that is, the entirety in common, and nothing separately by itself]. Joint
tenants have rights _inter se_ , but against the world they are seen as one
single owner. Thus, no one joint tenant holds any specific or distinct share
of the co-owned interest himself. Rather, the interest of each joint tenant is
identical and lies in the whole and every part of the land, and none of that
land is held by one joint tenant to the exclusion of the rest. Blackstone
wrote (Sir William Blackstone, _Commentaries on the Laws of England vol_ 2
(London, 15th Ed, 1809) at p 181):

Joint-tenants are said to be seised _per my et per tout_ [by half and by all],
by the half or _moiety_ , and by _all_ : that is, they each of them have the
entire possession, as well of every _parcel_ as of the _whole_. They have not,
one of them a seisin of one half or moiety, and the other of the other moiety;
neither can one be exclusively seised of one acre, and his companion of
another; but **_each has an undivided moiety of the whole, and not the whole
of an undivided moiety_**. [original emphasis in italics, emphasis in bold
italics added]

12 This position was reaffirmed recently by Lee Seiu Kin J in _Shafeeg bin
Salim Talib and another (administrators of the estate of Obeidillah bin Salim
bin Talib, deceased) v Fatimah bte Abud bin Talib and others_ [2009] 3 SLR(R)
439 (“ _Shafeeg HC_ ”). The learned judge wrote at [9] quoting from _Megarry
and Wade: The Law of Real Property_ (Sweet & Maxwell, 7th Ed, 2008) at 13-003
that “it is often said … that each joint tenant holds nothing by himself and
yet holds the whole together with the other”. We should add that _Shafeeg HC_
went on appeal to this court which very recently (after we had decided in the
present appeal) released its judgment affirming the determination of the court
below on this point (_Shafeeg bin Salim Talib and another (administrators of
the estate of Obeidillah bin Salim bin Talib, deceased) v Fatimah bte Abud bin
Talib and others_ [2010] SGCA 11 (“ _Shafeeg CA_ ”)). This court in _Shafeeg
CA_ stated at [39] and [40]:

… in a joint tenancy no interest in the joint property _passes_ to the
survivor upon the death of the other joint tenant. Although some English
courts might have used the word “passes” to describe the legal effect of the
right of survivorship, the word was used as a figure of speech since under
English law it would make no difference how the _jus accrescendi_ was
described. The joint tenancy is a peculiar institution of English land law
which has been received as part of the law of Singapore since 1826 under the
Second Charter and which the courts have not found necessary to modify to suit
the circumstances of the local inhabitants. English land law was a law of
general application which was entirely suitable for local conditions as no
functional system of law practically existed in Singapore at the material
time.

The true doctrine is set out in Wayne Morrison ed, _William Blackstone’s
Commentaries on the Laws of England_ vol II (Cavendish Publishing Limited,
2001) at para 184, where the chronicler of the common law said:

From the same principle also arises the remaining grand incident of joint
estates; _viz_. the doctrine of _survivorship_ : by which, when two or more
persons are seized of a joint estate, of inheritance, for their own lives, or
_pur auter vie_ , or are jointly possessed of any chattel interest, **_the
entire tenancy upon the decease of any of them remains to the survivors, and
at length to the last survivor; and he shall be entitled to the whole estate,
whatever it be, whether an inheritance or a common freehold only, or even a
less estate. This is the natural and regular consequence of the union and
entirely of their interest. The interest of two joint-tenants is not only
equal or similar, but also is one and the same_**. One has not originally a
distinct moiety from the other; but, if by any subsequent act (as by
alienation or forfeiture of either) the interest becomes separate and
distinct, the joint-tenancy instantly ceases. **_But, while it continues, each
of two joint-tenants has a concurrent interest in the whole; and therefore, on
the death of his companion, the sole interest in the whole remains to the
survivor_**. _For the interest which the survivor originally had is clearly
not divested by the death of his companion; and no other person can now claim
to have a_ __joint__ _estate with him, for no one can now have an interest in
the whole, accruing by the same title, and taking effect at the same time with
his own; neither can any one claim a_ __separate__ _interest in any part of
tenements; for that would be to deprive the survivor of the right which he has
in all, and every part. As therefore the survivor’s original interest in the
whole still remains_ ; and as no one can now be admitted, either jointly or
severally, to any share with him therein; it follows, that his own interest
must now be entire and several, and that he shall alone be entitled to the
whole estate (whatever it be) that was created by the original grant.

[emphasis in original in italics; emphasis added in bold and by underlining]

13 Tenancy in common, by contrast, is the form of co-ownership in which co-
owners own specific, but undivided _shares_ in the land. Coke explains the
essential difference between joint tenants and tenants in common as follows
(Edward Coke, _The First Part of the Institutes of the Laws of England_ : or,
_A Commentary upon Littleton_ (London, 19th Ed, 1832) at 188b):

[T]he essential difference between [joint tenants] and tenants in common is,
that [joint tenants] have the lands by one joint title and in one right, and
tenants in common by severall titles, or by one title and by severall rights;
which is the reason, that [joint tenants] have one joint freehold, and tenants
in common have severall freeholds. [Only] this [property] is common to them
both, viz. that their occupation is individed, and neither of them knoweth his
part in severall.

Hence, the main difference lies in the fact that unlike joint tenants, tenants
in common hold distinct “shares” in a single piece of land, albeit land which
has not yet been divided physically among the co-owners. Whilst the tenancy in
common continues, each tenant in common has a separate and distinct interest
of his own in the land held in common. This interest can be assigned either to
a third party or to the other co-owner(s). However, each tenant in common does
not own any specific part of the land over another part. Instead, his interest
in that piece of land attaches to any part of the land.

Co-ownership and the Land Titles (Strata) Act

14 With this understanding of the nature of co-ownership, we now turn to the
Act. The Judge found that the application for a collective sale order in
respect of the Development came within s 84E of the Act. We saw no reason to
disagree with his finding. Under s 84E(3)(b), an application for a collective
sale order may be made to the Board by:

the _proprietors_ of the flats who own not less than 80% notional share of the
land where 10 years or more have passed since the date of the issue of the
latest Temporary Occupation Permit on completion of any building comprised in
the development or, if no Temporary Occupation Permit was issued, the date of
the issue of the latest Certificate of Statutory Completion for any building
comprised in the development, whichever is the later [emphasis added]

15 Additionally, s 84E(5) allows “a _proprietor_ of any flat in the
development who has not agreed in writing to the sale referred to in
[s84E(3)]” to file an objection with the Board, stating the grounds for the
objection. Section 3 of the Act defines “subsidiary proprietor” to mean,
_inter alia_ , “the registered subsidiary proprietor for the time being of the
_entire_ estate in a lot including an estate for life, an estate in remainder
or an estate in reversion”.

16 Because the definition of “subsidiary proprietor” requires the person to be
proprietor of the _entire_ estate, in cases where a flat is co-owned by
tenants in common, a single tenant in common will not be a subsidiary
proprietor within the ambit of s 84E(3) and (5) for the purpose of supporting
or opposing a proposed sale since this co-owner would not be the owner of the
entire interest (as required under s 3 of the Act) but merely an owner of a
_distinct portion_ of the estate, for example, a one-quarter interest or even
a one-half share of the land held in common. Accordingly, all tenants in
common of a particular flat will have to act in concert before that unit can
be reckoned to be either in support of or in opposition to a proposed sale
under s 84E(3) and (5).

17 In the situation where a flat is co-owned by joint tenants, which was the
situation at hand (it was not disputed that Mr Goh and his ex-wife both hold
Unit 136D as joint tenants), _prima facie_ , one joint tenant may, on his own,
support or oppose a collective sale order under s 84E(3) and (5) respectively,
since each joint tenant owns the whole of the interest together with the other
joint tenants. However, this cannot be right, as it directly contradicts the
nature of a joint tenancy. Joint tenants hold just one estate. As a result, a
distinct characteristic of a joint tenancy is the presence of the four
unities, _viz_ , unity of interest, unity of title, unity of time and unity of
possession. This was explained by Blackstone in his _Commentaries on the Laws
of England_ at pp 179-180:

[T]he properties of a joint estate are derived from its unity, which is
fourfold; the unity of interest, the unity of title, the unity of time, and
the unity of possession: or, in other words, joint-tenants have one and the
same interest [unity of interest], accruing by one and the same conveyance
[unity of title], commencing at one and the same time [unity of time], and
held by one and the same undivided possession [unity of possession]

Since the interest of each joint tenant is the same in extent, nature and
duration, a necessary consequence is that each and every joint tenant must
partake in any dealings with the whole legal estate before such dealings may
effectively bind the entire estate. An action by one joint tenant, or even by
some joint tenants but short of all of them collectively, will not suffice to
bind the estate, as the whole estate does not reside in the single joint
tenant or the select few (as the case may be).

18 _Leek and Moorlands Building Society v Clark and others_ [1952] 2 QB 788 (“
_Leek and Moorlands Building Society_ ”) is the _locus classicus_ for this
proposition. _Leek and Moorlands Building Society_ involved a couple who were
joint tenants of a rent-controlled dwelling house. The husband purchased the
reversion of the long lease-hold interest of the dwelling house from the
landlords and sold it on to Clark, who obtained a mortgage from Leek and
Moorlands Building Society. The sale between the landlords and the husband was
“subject to the existing tenancy” but these words were deleted from the
agreement of resale between the husband and Clark. Instead, they were
substituted with an express provision that “vacant possession will be given on
completion”. The wife, the other joint tenant, knew of the sale and resale but
not the provision relating to vacant possession. Subsequently, Leek and
Moorlands Building Society brought proceedings against the couple for
possession of the premises and the couple argued that they were entitled to
remain in occupation. In affirming the decision of the lower court, the
English Court of Appeal said at p 795:

_[O]ne of two joint lessees cannot, in the absence of express words or
authority, surrender rights held jointly. If property or rights are held
jointly, prima facie, a transfer must be by or under the authority of all
interest_ … if a joint enterprise is due to terminate on a particular day, all
concerned must agree if it is to be renewed or continued beyond that day… it
will only be continued if “all shall please”. [emphasis added]

19 The requirement that joint tenants must act jointly before the estate may
be bound by their actions continues to operate in more recent times. In
_Malhotra v Choudhury_ [1980] Ch 52, a case involving a sale by the defendant
to the plaintiff of a particular property, which was owned by the defendant
and his wife as joint tenants, Stephenson LJ found that where a vendor of real
property sought to limit his liability for breach of the contract of sale, he
was under a duty to show that he had used his best endeavours to fulfil his
contractual obligations. On the facts, Stephenson LJ found at 70F that the
case before him was not a case where the defendant’s difficulties in
discovering whether he had a perfectly good title could excuse him. Rather,
the defendant “knew all along what his title was to [the property] and that he
shared it with his wife.” (at 70F). Yet, he granted an option to sell the
property which he “clearly knew could not be enforced against him without [his
wife’s] concurrence” (at 70F). There was also no evidence that the defendant
had attempted to obtain his wife’s consent to the sale. Hence, Stephenson LJ
concluded that the defendant had not discharged the burden of proving that he
was unable to convey the property to the plaintiff. Implicit in Stephenson
LJ’s decision was the proposition that in a sale of jointly owned property,
the purchaser would only take good title if he received a disposition from all
of the joint tenants.

20 Similarly, in the Singapore case of _Mookka Pillai Rajagopal and others v
Khushvinder Singh Chopra_ [1996] 3 SLR(R) 210 (“ _Mookka Pillai Rajagopal_ ”),
a case concerning the sale of a property known as 91 Jalan Seaview, which was
jointly owned by the three appellants, the Court of Appeal held at [21] and
[22] that where land was held by three persons as joint tenants, an option to
sell the whole interest which was signed by only two of them was an
“incomplete or unperfected option and was ineffective as an option to the
respondent to purchase the property”. In _Mookka Pillai Rajagopal_ , the
option to purchase 91 Jalan Seaview, which was granted to the respondent,
purported to emanate from all three appellants. However, it was signed by only
two of them. Despite objections from the third appellant, the respondent
exercised the option and lodged a caveat against the property to protect his
interest as purchaser. The Court of Appeal subsequently ordered the caveat be
removed. The principle established in _Mookka Pillai Rajagopal_ was accepted
(though distinguished on the facts) by Woo Bih Li JC (as he then was) in the
later case of _Fong Yoke San and another v Chan Lee Pa_ [2003] 1 SLR(R) 739 (“
_Fong Yoke San_ ”). Unlike _Mookka Pillai Rajagopal_ , the option to purchase
in _Fong Yoke San_ granted to the plaintiff emanated only from the defendant,
who was one of three joint tenants of a property known as 50 Jalan Lembah, and
not from all three joint tenants. Woo JC found that there was no need for all
three joint tenants to execute the option before a valid contract _between the
plaintiffs and the defendant_ could arise.

21 Arising from the requirement that joint tenants must act jointly before the
estate may be bound by their actions is the rule that in cases involving
actions as to the joint estate, one joint tenant may not sue or be sued
without joining the others. In _Williams v British Gas Corporation_ (1980) 41
P&CR106 (“ _Williams_ ”), a case involving a claim by the claimant against the
defendant for the pollution of four lakes, the Lands Tribunal held (at 109)
that the claimant had no _locus standi_ to commence or maintain the claim by
himself, unless his wife joined him as claimant. This was because the claimant
and his wife were joint owners of the property on which the lakes stood:

It is clear law that, although as between themselves joint tenants (and,
therefore, joint owners) have separate rights, as against everyone else they
are in the position of a single owner. _There is absolute unity between them
and together they form one person_. Apart from equitable remedies inter se,
_one of the joint tenants cannot commence any proceedings without the aid of
the other or others_. [emphasis added]

22 _Williams_ was applied in the Hong Kong case of _Lui Yuk Yin v Lam Chuen &
Another_ [2006] HKCU 359 (“ _Lui Yuk Yin_ ”). In _Lui Yuk Yin_ , the plaintiff
wife, Lui, sought a declaration against the defendants, the registered owners
of a flat in Hong Kong, that they held this property in trust for herself and
her husband as beneficial joint tenants. The defendants were the parents of
her husband. Lui’s husband was not a party in the action against the
defendants. The plaintiff later sought to apply to join her husband as a
defendant in the action. The District Court of Hong Kong held, based on
_Williams_ , that the cooperation and joinder of Lui’s husband as plaintiff
was necessary before Lui had _locus standi_ to bring the action against the
defendants. This was because Lui’s husband was the other joint tenant and
hence both Lui and her husband had an “identical interest in the whole land
and every part of it” (at [20]). The court also held that Lui’s husband should
not be added as a defendant as “his interest and title in the [property],
together with that of [Lui], was regarded as that of a single owner”.

23 Finally, in _Halsbury’s Laws of Singapore_ , the authors restated the law
on this subject as follows (at 170.0035):

In actions as to the joint estate one joint tenant may not sue or be sued
without joining the others, and a judgment for possession against one joint
tenant is not an effective judgment. One joint tenant may not part with the
title deeds of the property without the consent of the other. Nor can one of
several joint lessees surrender rights held jointly before the full period of
the lease has run.

A similar statement of the law may be found in _Halsbury’s Law of England_ Vol
39 at [530].

24 From this brief survey of the jurisprudence of England, Singapore and Hong
Kong law, it was clear to us that joint tenants must act jointly in order to
effectively bind the whole estate which they hold jointly, whether the act is
by way of a disposition of the said estate (_Leek and Moorlands Building
Society_ , _Mookka Pillai Rajagopal_) or a suit (_Williams_ , _Lui Yuk Yin_).
In the context of a collective sale, the implication of this requirement is
that where a flat is held jointly, none of the joint tenants may support or
oppose the proposed collective sale unilaterally. Since all must act together,
where one objects to the sale and the rest do not object (or they might even
support the sale, as is the present situation), the preference of neither side
may trump the other. This explains why Mr Goh’s ex-wife could not, on her own,
consent to the collective sale of the Development on behalf of Unit 136D. It
would be recalled that the effect of Mr Goh’s refusal to sign the CSA (even
though his ex-wife had appended her signature to the same) was that Unit 136D
could not be taken to have contributed to the requisite 80% under s 84E(3)(b)
of the Act. In the same way, it should also not be possible for Mr Goh to file
an objection to the sale with the Board by himself under s 84E(5) of the Act.
Mr Goh will not have the necessary _locus standi_ to object to the sale,
unless his ex-wife joins him in his objections. Unit 136D must act together
with one voice. If Mr Goh is allowed to object to the sale before us (and
indeed before the Judge below and the Board), we will be disregarding the
interest of Mr Goh’s ex-wife altogether.

25 At this juncture, we would like to emphasise that a unit in the position of
Unit 136D (_ie_ , a jointly held unit where one co-owner has objected to the
collective sale whereas the other has agreed to the collective sale) should
not be regarded as having objected to the collective sale _per se_. The
correct legal position is that such a unit has simply not taken a position as
to the collective sale, _ie_ , it neither supports nor opposes the sale.
Section 84E(3)(b), read with paras 1 and 1A of the Act, requires proprietors
who _agree_ to the collective sale to append their signatures to a collective
sale agreement before an application for a collective sale order may be
made.[note: 1] The corollary is that proprietors who do not append their
signatures to the collective sale agreement fall within one of two categories:
they either positively object to the sale (the first category) or have
_abstained from voting_ (the second category). In the latter category, they
are _neither in favour of nor against the collective sale_. It is one thing to
object to the collective sale (the first category) and quite another to merely
desist from agreeing to it (the second category).

26 Accordingly, in the situation involving a jointly held unit where one joint
tenant has objected to the collective sale but the other has agreed to the
collective sale, the unit cannot be regarded to have either agreed or objected
to the collective sale. This proposition stems from the rule that joint
tenants must act together if they want to either support or oppose a proposed
sale before the unit which they hold jointly may be bound. This position is
necessary to respect the rights of both co-owners. As a result, we found that,
in the absence of the opposition of Mr Goh’s ex-wife to the collective sale,
Mr Goh did not have _locus standi_ to commence or sustain the action before
us.

27 Before we conclude the discussion on this issue, we should perhaps address
an argument raised by Mr Goh based on s 84(5) of the Act which provides:

A proprietor of any flat in the development who has not agreed in writing to
the sale referred to in subsection (3) and any mortgagee, chargee or other
person (other than a lessee) with an estate or interest in the flat and whose
interest is notified on the land-register for the flat may each file an
objection with a Board stating ….

His point was that since this provision allows even “any mortgagee, charge or
other person with an interest in the flat” to object, surely a co-owner should
have a right or sufficient interest to object. However, this is not comparing
like with like. The analogy is hardly appropriate. A mortgagee or chargee with
an estate or interest in the flat could lodge an objection because the
provision expressly allows him or her to do so. But where a flat is owned by
more that one person, for the reasons we have alluded to above, the co-owners
must act in concert. Mr Goh, being only one of two joint owners, does not own
the entire estate to his flat (see [17] above and s 3 of the Act referred to
in [15] above)

The merits of the claim

28 Having found against Mr Goh on the issue of _locus standi_ , there was No
need for us to consider the merits of Mr Goh’s substantive claim. It suffices
for us to indicate briefly our view on the same. Mr Goh insisted that he had a
strong case for objecting to the sale on the bases of procedural
irregularities and unfairness. Upon a closer analysis of Mr Goh’s claim
however, we were extremely doubtful that he had a strong case. Indeed, most,
if not all, of the points raised were without merit. We could not agree with
his allegations that the sales committee constituted for the purposes of the
collective sale had breached its fiduciary duties to all the owners by failing
to make timely and proper disclosure and failing to act in good faith in
respect of them. We also did not think that an equal distribution of the sale
proceeds among all owners within the Development was unfair or inequitable in
the present circumstances. Allegations that the Board had failed to act
independently were misguided. Moreover, in respect of Mr Goh’s allegations of
procedural irregularities, we were of the view that the Judge had more than
adequately considered these allegations and dismissed them with sound and
detailed reasons. As for the additional instances of alleged procedural
irregularities which Mr Goh had raised before us, these were also without any
substance. It seemed to us that he was nitpicking. Accordingly, even if Mr Goh
had the standing to bring this appeal before us, upon viewing Mr Goh’s case in
its totality, we would have upheld the Judge’s decision.

Conclusion

29 In the result, we dismissed the present appeal. As regards costs, we fixed
it at $3,000 which Mr Goh should pay to the Respondents. We upheld the cost
order made by the Judge below. Finally, as requested by the Respondents, we
authorised the Registrar of the Supreme Court to execute, on behalf of Mr Goh,
all documents necessary to effect the collective sale should Mr Goh refuse to
execute the same.

* * *

[note: 1]Under s 84E(3)(b) of the Act, an application for a collective sale
order may be made to the Board by “the proprietors of the flats who own not
less than 80% notional share of the land…[and] who have agreed in writing to
sell all the flats in the development to a purchaser under a sale and purchase
agreement…” Further, para 1 of the Schedule provides that before an
application to the Board is made, the proprietors of the flats referred to in
s 84E(3) must execute within the permitted time, but in not more than 12
months before the application is, made a collective sale agreement in writing
among themselves “agreeing to agree to collectively sell” all the flats and
the land in the development. Paragraph 1A then defines “permitted time” with
respect to the date the first proprietor signs the collective sale agreement.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 26 Apr 2010 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

