Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Public Prosecutor _v_ AFR  
[2010] SGHC 230

Case Number| :| Criminal Case No 44 of 2009  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 11 August 2010  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Lee Seiu Kin J  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Cheng Howe Ming Winston and Tan Wei Ling Stella
(Attorney-General's Chambers) for the public prosecutor; Kanagavijayan
Nadarajan (Kana & Co) and Rajan Supramaniam (Hilborne & Co) for the accused.  
Parties| :|  Public Prosecutor — AFR  
  
[EDITORIAL NOTE: The details of this judgment have been changed to comply with
the Children and Young Persons Act and/or the Women's Charter]

11 August 2010|  
---|---  
  
Lee Seiu Kin J:

Introduction

1 The accused was charged with the murder of his daughter some 22 days before
her second birthday. The charge states as follows:

that you, on the 6th day of January 2009, between 7.30 pm and 7.45 pm at
[address redacted] did commit murder, by causing the death of one [the
deceased], female, aged 1 year and 11 months old (D.O.B: 28 January 2007), and
you have thereby committed an offence punishable under section 302 of the
Penal Code, Chapter 224 (2008 Rev. Ed.).

2 At the end of the trial I reserved judgment and gave my decision on 17 March
2010. I acquitted the accused of the charge of murder but convicted him of the
charge of culpable homicide under s 299 and punishable under s 304(_b_) of the
Penal Code (Cap 224, 2008 Rev Ed)(“the Act”). Submissions on sentence were
made by the prosecution and defence counsel on 19 April 2010, at the end of
which I sentenced the accused to six years’ imprisonment with effect from the
date of his arrest. The Public Prosecutor has appealed against the sentence
and I now give the grounds for my decision on the sentence.

3 The deceased had died as a result of a rupture to the inferior vena cava
(“IVC”), a large vein that carries de-oxygenated blood from the lower half of
the body into the heart. The severe bleeding that followed the rupture caused
her heart to fail within minutes. The accused had subjected the deceased to a
severe beating with blows from his fists and possibly his feet to her back,
head and arms. I found that those blows had caused the rupture to the IVC
although the evidence was unclear as to the exact mechanism. This was because
the pathologist had testified that such rupture was more commonly seen in high
speed collisions, yet the blows were not severe enough to cause any fracture
to the ribs of the deceased. Nevertheless, the multiple blows on the trunk had
caused bleeding in the left lung and caecum and the rupture to the IVC could
only be caused by the beating inflicted on the deceased by the accused. The
full findings of fact are set out in my judgment in [2010] SGHC 82 dated 17
March 2010 and I do not propose to repeat them here, save to reproduce parts
of [41] and [42] of that judgment which distil the essential facts:

41 ... The deceased was [the accused’s] natural daughter. All of the witnesses
who knew the family said that he loved the deceased, even though he had a
violent streak and had physically abused her. On the day in question, up to
the moment he entered the flat upon returning from his shopping trip, he felt
nothing but love for the deceased. He was thinking of her upcoming birthday
and had felt that he should buy her a present as he might not have another
opportunity to do so. As he entered the flat, he was feeling rather pleased
with himself for buying the doll and was keen to hand it to the deceased. ...

42 The question is whether – in the circumstances of this case – [the accused]
had the intention, when he subjected the deceased to that beating on the night
of 6 January 2009, of doing it to the extent of rupturing her IVC. The
relevant circumstances may be summarised as follows: on the night of 6 January
2009 when [the accused] entered his flat, he was pleased with himself for
having bought a present for the deceased; he was looking forward to giving it
to her there and then. Instead, he was confronted with the sight of the
deceased playing with his cigarettes, making a mess, and – above all – chewing
on his tobacco. Only two days earlier, she had done something similar and he
had given her a scolding and warned her not to do it again. That warning had
not worked; thus, on 6 January 2009, he wanted to teach her a lesson so that
she would not do it again. He brought her into the kitchen so that they were
less likely to be overheard by the neighbours. He did not start out by hitting
her. But when he scolded the deceased, she started to cry and her cries only
grew louder. This caused [the accused] to be stressed. He began hitting her.
It started with slaps; then, as the deceased’s cries grew more intense with
each blow, [the accused] became even more stressed and his blows increased in
intensity. His emotions boiled over – all his frustrations ranging from his
inability to support his family (manifested in the deceased eating his
cigarettes), the lack of respect shown to him by his wife’s relatives, his
insecurities about her infidelity and the reflection on his own manhood, even
the prospect of losing face before his neighbours – and found an outlet in his
violence. The blows and cries escalated until [the accused], in Dr [Z]’s
words, “finally tipped over”. It must be remembered that [the accused] was
young and poorly educated; he was 27 years old at the time. He had no idea
that the blows he inflicted in those moments of frenzy were, relative to the
deceased, the equivalent of a 360kg person hitting someone of his own stature.
He thought he was beating her to teach her a lesson but lost control in the
heat of the moment and went well beyond what was justified. He caused so much
injury to the deceased that, apart from the bruises to skin and muscle, her
lungs and caecum were contused. Yet, no bones were broken. His unfortunate
combination of blows caused a rupture to the IVC in a manner that Dr [X] found
unusual. In such circumstances, could a father who loved the deceased, had set
out to teach her a lesson, but got carried away in the heat of passion and
caused an unusual injury that resulted in her death, be said to have intended
to cause that injury when he hit her?

4 The punishment prescribed under s 304(_b_) of the Act is imprisonment for a
term which may extend to ten years, or with fine, or with caning, or with any
combination thereof. The facts of the present case do not merit caning nor any
fine. An appropriate term of imprisonment would suffice to fulfil the
requirements of justice and public policy. Such term may range from a day to
ten years, depending on the circumstances of each individual case. The
authorities show that a wide range of sentences have been meted out for
convictions under s 304(_b_) even though they all necessarily involve the
accused causing the death of a human being. This is as it should be because
there is a wide spectrum of circumstances under which this offence may be
committed and the punishment must fit the crime. In _Public Prosecutor v Tan
Kei Loon Allan_ [1998] 3 SLR(R) 679 the Court of Appeal said at [33]:

We were of the view that it is not desirable, unlike simple rape, to set a
benchmark for culpable homicide. The range of circumstances in which such
offences are committed is extremely varied, as our brief survey of the
reported cases demonstrates. They are not easily classified, and there is no
such thing as a “typical” homicide. Similarly, to classify all culpable
homicides as more serious than all rapes is overly simplistic. As counsel for
the respondent pointed out, there is a correlation between the offender’s
culpability and his _mens rea_. Whereas the rapist intends to violate the
victim without her consent, the perpetrator in a culpable homicide case lacks
the intention to cause death. Sentencing for culpable homicide should remain a
matter within the trial judge’s discretion (subject to our power to review a
decision made in error, or which is manifestly excessive or inadequate), and
should be determined on the facts of each particular case.

5 I turn to examine the precedents. At one end of the spectrum, the maximum of
ten years’ imprisonment has been imposed in the most egregious cases. In
_Public Prosecutor v McCrea Michael_ [2006] 3 SLR(R) 677, the accused
(“McCrea”) had killed his driver and his driver’s girlfriend. The driver had
called McCrea’s mistress a “slut”, which made McCrea lose his temper. McCrea
rained punches on the driver’s face until it was swollen and stopped only when
the driver became motionless. The autopsy revealed extensive injuries all over
the driver’s body; his face, arms and legs were bruised, three ribs were
fractured as were both the superior thyroid horns (around the larynx). Death
was caused by strangulation. The driver’s girlfriend had come to his
assistance while McCrea was beating him up. She used a knife and stabbed
McCrea with it, but he kicked and punched her and dislodged the knife from her
hand. After the driver died, the girlfriend tried to leave but McCrea
prevented this. Subsequently, for reasons that are not given, she lost
consciousness. McCrea then wrapped plastic bags round her head and secured
them tightly around the neck with a necktie. She died from suffocation. McCrea
had told another person that he “had to ‘silence’ the girlfriend as she had
witnessed the incident”. The court imposed the maximum of ten years’
imprisonment for each of the charges and ordered the sentences to run
consecutively. McCrea also faced a third charge of causing disappearance of
evidence under s 201 of the Act and he was sentenced to a term of four years.
This was also to run consecutively to the two offences under s 304(_b_).

6 In _Tan Chun Seng v Public Prosecutor_ [2003] 2 SLR(R) 506, the appellant
(“Tan”) was parking his car when the deceased and his friend
(“Chandrasegaran”) approached. The deceased and Chandrasegaran had been
drinking earlier. Chandrasegaran hit the window of the front passenger seat.
They then went to the rear of the car and Chandrasegaran gestured to Tan to
get out of the car. After parking his car, Tan got out to confront
Chandrasegaran. However Tan could not find him, and only managed to see the
deceased walking down the road. Tan shouted at him, asking why his friend had
hit Tan’s car. Unknown to Tan, the deceased was a deaf mute and therefore
could not hear him. The deceased continued walking, not knowing that Tan was
behind. This angered Tan further and he hurled Hokkien vulgarities at the
deceased. When Tan neared the deceased, the latter turned around and stood his
ground. Tan advanced, pouring verbal abuse and gesticulating with his hands.
When Tan came close, the deceased gave him a push. As the deceased was of
large physical build, the push caused Tan to fall. When on the ground, Tan
spotted a wooden pole some distance away. Realising that he would not be able
to overpower the deceased with his bare hands, he grabbed the pole, ran to the
deceased and hit him numerous times with it. One of the blows was delivered to
the head and it proved fatal. The deceased fell to the ground, motionless. Tan
threw the pole away and fled. He was convicted of murder by the trial court
but the Court of Appeal found the defence of sudden fight made out and
convicted him of culpable homicide under s 304 of the Act. At that time, s
304(_a_) provided for life imprisonment or imprisonment up to ten years. The
Court of Appeal was of the view that the appropriate sentence was more than
ten years, but in view of the fact that the s 304(_a_) did not provide for an
intermediate period between ten years and life imprisonment, Tan was sentenced
to ten years’ imprisonment under s 304(_b_). The Court of Appeal did not
explain why it chose this limb over s 304(_a_) which, technically, would have
been the appropriate limb as the charge was reduced on account of the
successful defence of sudden fight.

7 Sentences at the high end – nine years – were given in _Soosay v Public
Prosecutor_ [1993] 2 SLR(R) 670 and _Public Prosecutor v Aw Teck Hock_ [2003]
1 SLR(R) 167. They both involved fights of various sorts. A sentence of eight
years was imposed in _Tan Chee Hwee and another v Public Prosecutor_ [1993] 2
SLR(R) 493, where a maid was strangled during a botched burglary. In _Public
Prosecutor v Leong Soon Kheong_ [2009] 4 SLR(R) 63 the accused received a
sentence of seven years’ imprisonment for his role as ringleader in an
unprovoked group attack on the deceased.

8 Sentences in the mid-range, around five years, have been meted out in
convictions under s 304(_b_). In _Public Prosecutor v Wan Chin Hon_ [2005]
SGHC 121, the accused (“Wan”) was a taxi driver. The deceased was riding a
motorcycle and the two (Wan and the deceased) had somehow gotten into a
disagreement on the road which led to some high-speed antics, which resulted
in the tragic death of the motorcyclist. Wan was found to have deliberately
swerved the taxi into the path of the motorcycle at high speed, causing the
deceased to lose control and crash. He was sentenced to four years’
imprisonment. In _Public Prosecutor v Oon Oon Sang Tee_ (Criminal Case No 11
of 2006), the accused (“Oon”) was sentenced to four years and six months for
strangling his wife to death. Oon was upset that his wife had been conducting
an extramarital affair and tried to reconcile with her. But his wife told Oon
that she could not change the way she felt and intimated that she would
divorce him. This caused Oon to lose control and strangle her. There was no
premeditation and no weapon used. However Oon had an underlying psychiatric
condition.

9 Sentences as low as two and a half years have been imposed in convictions
under s 304(_b_). In _Public Prosecutor v Lim Ah Seng_ [2007] 2 SLR(R) 957,
the accused (“Lim”) had caused the death of his wife by strangulation. However
the trial court considered the following mitigating factors to be sufficient
to sentence him to a prison term of only two years and six months:

(a) Lim had been the victim of the deceased who was an abusive spouse who had
physically and psychologically abused him to a point where he become mentally
disordered;

(b) he was afraid of the deceased;

(c) the deceased had sought him out on that fateful day and had physically
abused him, seduced him to have sexual intercourse and then threatened to
report him for rape, threatened to kill him, tried to take hold of one or more
knives and then hit him again before strangling him;

(d) it was at that point that he retaliated by strangling her;

(e) the fact that the deceased was smaller than Lim did not prevent her from
abusing him or from being the aggressor that night or from having Lim live in
fear of her; and

(f) no weapon was used. The setting was that of an intense physical fight
initiated by the deceased and still continuing with each strangling the other
until Lim felt the deceased’s grip on his neck loosen. There is no trace or
suggestion of any premeditation or planning. This was a case where Lim lost
control under the most trying of circumstances, none of which appear to have
been of his making.

10 Finally I turn to consider cases involving very young victims. In _Public
Prosecutor v Teo Chee Seng_ [2005] 3 SLR(R) 250 the appellant (“Teo”) was
sentenced to seven years’ imprisonment for causing the death of his lover’s
seven-month old infant. The facts are summarised in [2]–[5] of the judgment of
the Court of Appeal, as follows:

2 Teo had been hired as a private investigator by the infant’s mother, Tay
Seoh Hong (“Tay”), to check on the movements of her husband, whom she
suspected of having an affair with another woman. As it turned out, Teo, a
married man with children of his own, fell in love with Tay and they became
lovers. After Tay separated from her husband, Teo’s mother helped Tay look
after the infant.

3 The tragic event occurred on 25 October 2000 when Teo had to look after the
infant for some time. He first drove to a car park at Serangoon Garden Way as
he wanted to buy 4-D tickets. When the infant started crying, he decided to go
to another 4-D outlet at Hougang Central. As the infant was still crying, he
tried to pacify her by feeding her milk but the infant refused to drink the
milk. Teo then applied some “Axe” medicated oil onto the infant’s lips and
nostrils. The infant showed signs of discomfort and the accused assumed that
she felt a burning sensation on her lips and nostrils after the application of
the medicated oil.

4 A little later, Teo shouted at the infant when she began to cry again. This
time, he poured some of the medicated oil into the infant’s mouth. The infant
stopped crying but she moved her tongue in and out of her mouth and groaned in
discomfort. Teo then joined the queue at the 4-D outlet at Hougang Central to
purchase 4-D tickets. While he was in the queue, the infant started to cry.
Teo returned with the infant to his car and tried to feed her milk. When she
refused to drink the milk, he applied medicated oil onto her lips and nostrils
and proceeded to a petrol kiosk to buy some goods, including a bottle of “Axe”
medicated oil because the one that he had was already empty.

5 Teo next drove to the Riverdale Plaza car park and tried to feed the infant
again. When she refused to drink the milk offered to her and cried, he shook
the contents of the new bottle of medicated oil into her mouth. The infant’s
cries became fainter and fainter, her face changed colour, her stomach became
bloated, there was a watery discharge from her nostrils and she retched and
tried very hard to get rid of the poisonous substance from her body before she
finally became unconscious. Teo took the infant and ran to a medical clinic in
the shopping mall. It was then around 5.03pm. An ambulance took the infant to
the KK Women’s and Children’s Hospital, where she was pronounced dead at
6.30pm. Dr Wee Keng Poh, a forensic pathologist, certified that the cause of
death was “acute salicylic acid poisoning”.

11 The trial court had sentenced Teo to four years’ imprisonment and the Court
of Appeal increased it to seven years. One of the reasons for the increased
sentence was that insufficient weight had been given to the fact that the
victim was only seven months old and in _Purwanti Parji v Public Prosecutor_
[2005] 2 SLR(R) 220, the Court of Appeal had recognised the need to protect
vulnerable and defenceless persons. The Court of Appeal then reviewed the
cases involving young victims in [12]–[14] of its judgment, as follows:

12 Three such cases may be noted. In the first case, _PP v Sumarni bte Pono_
Criminal Case No 11 of 2001, the mother of a child, aged two years, was so
incensed by his crying that she carried him from his mattress, which was on
the floor, and lifted him up to the level of her waist before dropping him
onto the mattress. She then pulled his ears and knocked his head several times
against the mattress. She pleaded guilty to a charge under s 304(_b_) of the
Penal Code for causing the death of her child and was sentenced to
imprisonment for a term of five years.

13 In the second case, _PP v Dwi Arti Samad_ Criminal Case No 12 of 2000, the
accused, a female aged 22 years, was also irritated by the cries of an infant,
aged 15 months. She picked him up from his pram and dropped him onto the
floor. The child was killed and she pleaded guilty to a charge of culpable
homicide not amounting to murder. She was sentenced to eight years’
imprisonment.

14 In the third case, _PP v Devadass s/o Suppaiyah_ Criminal Case No 41 of
1997, the accused pleaded guilty to a charge under s 304(_b_) of the Penal
Code. He had held a baby, aged three months, by the neck and slapped him hard
several times for crying. The baby died after being thrown onto a mattress on
the floor. The accused was sentenced to ten years’ imprisonment.

12 In the authorities reviewed in the foregoing paragraphs, the sentences
imposed in convictions under s 304(_b_) of the Act range from two and a half
years to the maximum of ten years. Where very young victims were involved, the
sentences ranged from five to seven years with ten years being imposed in an
egregious case involving a three month old infant. In the present case, the
deceased was the natural daughter of the accused, the oldest of three girls
and, as was clear from the evidence, one whom he loved dearly. Indeed the
offence was committed just after he had returned home from a shopping trip
during which he had decided at the spur of the moment to buy her a doll for
her upcoming second birthday. The knowledge that, in that moment of
uncontrolled anger, he had brought this tragedy upon the deceased and his wife
and above all, to himself, will never be erased from his conscience no matter
how many years he is imprisoned as punishment. That is a burden he will bear
for the rest of his life and no punishment meted out by this court can be
greater than that. It was nevertheless necessary for society to manifest its
abhorrence for such loss of control by the accused and the degree of violence
that he visited on the young innocent that was his own daughter. Bearing in
mind the range of sentences imposed in the authorities considered above, the
fact that the accused will have to live with the knowledge that he had caused
the death of a child he had loved, and the need for the court to impose a
sentence that will punish him for his lapse, I imposed a sentence of six
years’ imprisonment, against which the Public Prosecutor is now appealing.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 11 Aug 2010 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

