Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  The “Pontianak Caraka Jaya Niaga III-34”  
[2010] SGHC 314

Case Number| :| Admiralty in Rem No 250 of 2009 (Registrar's Appeal No 15 of
2010)  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 25 October 2010  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Tan Lee Meng J  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Toh Kian Sing SC, Leong Kah Wah and Koh See Bin (Rajah &
Tann LLP) for the appellant/plaintiff; Gan Seng Chee and Leong Kai Yuan (Ang &
Partners) for the respondent/intervener.  
Parties| :|  The "Pontianak Caraka Jaya Niaga III-34"  
  
25 October 2010| Judgment reserved.  
---|---  
  
Tan Lee Meng J:

1 The appellant, ANL Singapore Ltd (“ANL”), appealed against the Assistant
Registrar’s decision to set aside the service of its Writ of Summons on a
vessel, the “ _Pontianak Caraka Jaya Niaga III-34_ ” (the “ _Pontianak_ ”),
and to stay all further proceedings in favour of foreign arbitration. The
respondent intervener, PT Djakarta Lloyd (Persero) (“PTDL”), is an Indonesian
state-owned company, in whose name the vessel was registered.

Background

2 On 19 May 2009, ANL filed Admiralty in Rem No 181 of 2009 (“Adm No 181”)
against the owners of the _Pontianak_. It contended that the said owners owed
it the sum of US$575,074.20 for slot fees earned pursuant to a slot
charterparty entitled “AAX Main Agreement” dated 23 November 2001, read with
an Addendum dated 7 September 2004 and Memorandum of Understanding dated 17
March 2006 (the “Main Agreement”).

3 On 11 June 2009, the appellant arrested the _Pontianak_ as security for its
claim in Adm No 181.

4 After arresting the _Pontianak_ , ANL filed another suit, Admiralty in Rem
No 250 of 2009 (“Adm No 250”), the suit presently being considered, against
the owners of the _Pontianak_. In this second suit, ANL claimed a further
amount of US$719,096.64 for slot fees due and owing under an invoice rendered
pursuant to the Main Agreement as well as under invoices rendered pursuant to
a slot charterparty entitled AAX Main Agreement dated 1 January 2008.

5 PTDL intervened in the action. In relation to Adm No 181, it filed SUM No
5042/2009 on 24 September 2009 to obtain an order to set aside the arrest of
the _Pontianak_ and to release the said vessel. PTDL contended that although
it is the registered owner of the _Pontianak_ , the vessel was in fact owned
by the State and that it is merely the State-appointed operator of the said
vessel. PTDL also sought a stay of all further proceedings in Adm No 181 in
favour of foreign arbitration.

6 In relation to Adm No 250, PTDL filed SUM No 5120/2009 on 30 September 2009
in order to have the service of the Writ of Summons on the vessel set aside
and to have all further proceedings in this action stayed in favour of foreign
arbitration.

7 On 15 January 2010, the Assistant Registrar heard both the summonses in
question. With regard to the Summons in Adm No 181, he set aside the arrest of
the _Pontianak_ and ordered her release on the ground that the requirements
under s 4 (4) of the High Court (Admiralty Jurisdiction) Act (Cap 123, 2001
Rev Ed) had not been satisfied. He also ordered a stay of further proceedings
in favour of foreign arbitration. In regard to the Summons in Adm No 250, the
Assistant Registrar set aside the service of the Writ of Summons on the
_Pontianak_ and ordered all further proceedings in the said action to be
stayed in favour of foreign arbitration.

The appeal

8 In my earlier judgment in relation to Adm No 181: see 2010 [SGHC] 307 (“the
earlier judgment”), I held that the _Pontianak_ was beneficially owned by PTDL
and overruled the Assistant Registrar’s decision to set aside the arrest of
this vessel. In view of this, the Assistant Registrar’s decision to set aside
the service of the Writ of Summons in Adm No 250 on the _Pontianak_ cannot
stand and is overruled.

9 As for the appeal against the order of the Assistant Registrar to stay the
proceedings in Adm No 250 in favour of foreign arbitration, PTDL contended
that as the parties are required by their contract to resolve their
differences by means of arbitration, the court should stay all further
proceedings in these proceedings in view of s 6 of the International
Arbitration Act (Cap 143A, 2002 Rev Ed) (“the Act”). In the earlier judgment
with respect to Adm No 181, I considered the effect of the arbitration clauses
in the parties’ contracts as well as s 6 of the Act and I affirmed the
decision of the Assistant Registrar to stay the proceedings in Adm No 181. No
new arguments were raised before me in relation to the issue of stay of
proceedings in Adm No 250. For the same reasons as those stated in the earlier
judgment, I affirm the Assistant Registrar’s decision to stay the proceedings
in Adm No 250 to enable the parties to resolve their dispute by means of
arbitration.

Costs

10 I make no order on the costs of the appeal. The order on costs below is set
aside.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 25 Oct 2010 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

