Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  ABB Holdings Pte Ltd and others _v_ Sher Hock Guan Charles  
[2010] SGHC 267

Case Number| :| Suit No 798 of 2007 (Summons No 3343 of 2010)  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 06 September 2010  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Shaun Leong Li Shiong AR  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Tan Tee Jim S.C, Tay Wei loong Julian, Jiang Ke-Yue (M/s
Lee & Lee) for the plaintiffs; Deborah Evaline Barker S.C, Ang Keng Ling (M/s
KhattarWong) for the defendant.  
Parties| :|  ABB Holdings Pte Ltd and others — Sher Hock Guan Charles  
  
6 September 2010|  
---|---  
  
Shaun Leong Li Shiong AR:

Introduction

1 The present matter involves an application by the plaintiffs in _ABB
Holdings Pte Ltd and others v. Sher Hock Guan Charles_ [2009] 4 SLR(R) 111 (‘
_ABB Holdings_ ’) for leave to amend its Statement of Claim (Amendment No. 3).
Judgment has been granted in _ABB Holdings_ for the second and third
plaintiffs to elect between damages to be assessed _or_ an account of the
defendant’s profits to be taken. The plaintiffs now seek, by way of an
amendment to the statement of claim, to obtain remedies in general damages
_and_ restitutionary damages.

Factual Background

2 The plaintiffs are part of a worldwide group of companies which bear the
name (“ABB Group”). The defendant worked for various companies in the ABB
Group. While still in the employ of the second and third plaintiffs, the
defendant had communicated with a former ABB Group employee (‘Mr Leonhardt’)
in relation to enquiries by a Chinese body, Xian High Voltage Apparatus
Reasearch Institute ("XIHARI"), regarding whether the former employee would
act as XIHARI's technical advisor in research and development projects
relating to the development of a new generation of medium voltage circuit
breakers. After leaving the second and third plaintiffs in 2003, the defendant
joined a company in China called Xiamen Huadian Switchgear Co Ltd ("Huadian")
as its General Manager. Huadian was a manufacturer of, _inter alia_ , medium
voltage circuit breakers. The defendant later became the Managing Director of
Huadian.

3 Subsequently, the plaintiffs commenced proceedings against the defendant,
alleging that the defendant was in breach of several express and implied
fiduciary duties and that he had caused damage to the plaintiffs by such
breaches. The parties have agreed to leave the question of “** _assessment of
damages or calculation of profits_** ” at a later stage. A consent order was
granted on 7 January 2009 for the trial to be bifurcated with “damages (if
any) or calculation of profits (if any) to be assessed at a later stage”
(‘consent order’).

4 In _ABB Holdings_ , the Court found that the defendant did not owe any
fiduciary duties to the first plaintiff. The defendant was however found to be
a fiduciary of the second and third plaintiffs, and on the facts, he had been
in breach of the fiduciary duties owed. He was also in breach of his duty of
fidelity to the third plaintiff. The Court granted judgment in favour for the
second and third plaintiffs against the defendant for _damages to be
assessed_.

5 Thereafter, the plaintiffs requested for an audience before the same Judge
who heard _ABB Holdings_ (‘the Judge’) to clarify the options of remedies
available to the plaintiffs. The plaintiffs stated in a letter dated 8 July
2009 that they have yet to elect the specific remedy to satisfy the
plaintiffs’ claim, and requested for a clarification of the judgment to be
read as “** _damages to be assessed or an account of profits, at the
plaintiffs’ option_** ”. After hearing submissions from both parties, the
Judge gave a Final Judgment dated 6 July 2009 (‘Final Judgment’) that:

2\. There be judgment for the 2nd and 3rd Plaintiffs against the Defendant for
**_either damages to be assessed or an account of the Defendant’s profits to
be taken_** , at the election of the 2nd and 3rd Plaintiffs in respect of the
following:-

(a) the breach by the Defendant of his fiduciary duty to the 2nd and 3rd
Plaintiffs and of his duty of fidelity to the 3rd Plaintiff when he failed to
inform them of XIHARI’s intention to develop and market a new generation of
circuit breakers;

(b) the breach by the Defendant of his fiduciary duty to the same parties when
he communicated with Mr Leonhardt with a view to obtaining the latter’s
services, as a consultant for XIHARI and Huadian; and

(c) the breach by the Defendant of his duty of fidelity to the 3rd Plaintiff
when he spent time after about November 2002 working on plans to develop and
run the business of Huadian.

[emphasis in bold added]

6 About a year later and before proceeding to the stage of assessment of
damages (or account of profits), the plaintiffs now sought to amend the
‘particulars of damages’ in its Statement of Claim (Amendment No. 3).
Paragraph 14(d) sought to adjust (to a higher quantum) the costs incurred in
the investigation of the defendant’s breaches. Paragraph 14(e) is an addition
to the Statement of Claim which seeks to obtain, _inter alia_ , the amount of
salary, allowances and bonuses during the period when the defendant had
breached its duties. By way of paragraph 14(f), the plaintiffs sought for
restitutionary damages in addition to general damages:

14\. In addition to general damages, Plaintiffs have suffered additional
special damages by reason of the aforesaid acts of the Defendant.

...

(f) To the best of the Plaintiffs’ knowledge to date and subject to further
discovery, the difference between RMB 33,091,585.88 (the value of the
Defendant’s shares in Hua Dian) and Euro 180,000 (the Defendant’s capital
investment in Gelpag GmbH), which difference represents the value of the
Defendant’s wrongful gain and restitutionary damages

The Issue

7 I grant leave to amend paragraph 14(d) and (e). The plaintiff has the burden
of adducing sufficient evidence for paragraph 14(d) to justify its claim
before the assessing registrar. Paragraph 14(e) may require some authority to
justify, such as the decision of _John While Springs (S) Pte Ltd and another
v. Goh Sai Chuah Justin and Others_ [2004] SGHC 150, but that is a matter to
be decided by the assessing registrar.

8 The only issue that remains is whether the plaintiffs can amend its
statement of claim to seek for restitutionary damages in addition to general
damages for the losses it suffered.

The Decision

General principles governing the grant of leave for amendment of pleadings

9 The principles that guide the Court in deciding whether to grant leave for
amendment of pleadings have been clarified by the Court of Appeal in _Review
Publishing Co Ltd v Lee Hsien Loong_ [2010] 1 SLR 52 (‘ _Review Publishing_
’). The guiding principle is that the amendment should be allowed if it would
enable the real question between the parties to be determined. However, it
must be just for leave to be granted, having regard to all circumstances of
the case and bearing in mind two key factors; whether the amendment would
result in prejudice irremediable with costs, and whether the amendment is
essentially a ‘second bite at the cherry’. It is apposite to visit the
statements of principle laid down in _Review Publishing_ (at [110]-[114]):

110 ... O 20 r 5(1) of the Rules of Court (Cap 322, R 5, 2006 Rev Ed) gives
the court a wide discretion to allow pleadings to be amended at any stage of
the proceedings on such terms as may be just. Order 20 r 5(1) reads:

Subject to Order 15, Rules 6, 6A, 7 and 8, and this Rule, the Court may at any
stage of the proceedings allow the plaintiff to amend his writ, or any party
to amend his pleading, _on such terms as to costs or otherwise as may be just
and in such manner (if any) as it may direct_. [emphasis added]

111 In _Chwee Kin Keong v Digilandmall.com Pte Ltd_ [2005] 1 SLR(R) 502
(_'Chwee Kin Keong'_), this court said at [101]:

Under O 20 r 5(1) of the Rules of Court (Cap 322, R 5, 2004 Rev Ed), the court
may grant leave to amend a pleading at _any_ stage of the proceedings. _This
can be before or during the trial, or after judgment or on appeal_. [emphasis
added]

112 Indeed, local case law shows that our courts have allowed amendments to be
made to pleadings even:

(a) at the final stages of a trial after the parties have made their closing
submissions (see _Chwee Kin Keong_ at [101]-[103] and _Lee Siew Chun v
Sourgrapes Packaging Products Trading Pte Ltd_ [1992] 3 SLR(R) 855 at
[91]-[96]);

(b) after summary or interlocutory judgment has been obtained (see _Invar
Realty Pte Ltd v Kenzo Tange Urtec Inc_ [1990] 2 SLR(R) 66 at [21]-[22]); and

(c) pending an appeal or in the course of an appeal itself (see _Soon Peng Yam
v Maimon bte Ahmad_ [1995] 1 SLR(R) 279 at [25]-[30], _Asia Business Forum Pte
Ltd v Long Ai Sin_ [2004] 2 SLR(R) 173 (_'Asia Business Forum'_) at [17] and
_Susilawati v American Express Bank Ltd_ [2009] 2 SLR(R) 737 ('Susilawati') at
[56]; see also O 57 r 13(1) of the Rules of Court, which states that 'the
Court of Appeal shall have all the powers and duties as to amendment and
otherwise of the High Court').

...

113 The guiding principle is that amendments to pleadings ought to be allowed
if they would enable the real question and/or issue in controversy between the
parties to be determined ... However, an important caveat to granting leave
for the amendment of pleadings is that it must be just to grant such leave,
having regard to all the circumstances of the case. Thus, this court held in
_Asia Business Forum_ that the court, in determining whether to grant a party
leave to amend his pleadings, must have regard to 'the justice of the case'
(at [12]) and must bear in mind (at least) two key factors, namely, whether
the amendments would cause any prejudice to the other party which cannot be
compensated in costs and whether the party applying for leave to amend is
'effectively asking for a second bite at the cherry' (at [18]). These two key
factors were endorsed recently again by this court in _Susilawati_ at [58].

114 It cannot be over-emphasised that all the relevant circumstances of the
case at hand should be considered by the court in deciding whether or not to
allow an amendment to pleadings, and that delay in bringing the application
for leave to amend per se does not constitute prejudice to the other party. As
this court stated in _Wright Norman_ at [23]:

In our opinion, at the end of the day, the most important question which the
court must ask itself is, are the ends of justice served by allowing the
proposed amendment. Pleadings should not be used as a means to punish a party
for his errors or the errors of his solicitors. All relevant issues should be
investigated, provided the other party will not be prejudiced in a way which
cannot be compensated by costs. All relevant circumstances should be
considered by the court before it exercises its discretion [as to] whether it
would allow an amendment. _While the time at which an amendment is made is a
relevant consideration it is not necessarily decisive. Delay per se does not
equal prejudice or injustice_. We do not think any rigid rule should or can be
laid down on this.

[Court of Appeal's emphasis in _Review Publishing Co Ltd v Lee Hsien Loong_]

Election of Remedies available to the Plaintiffs

10 In the present case, the correspondence which showed the agreement to
bifurcate the trial had made no mention of restitutionary damages. The parties
decided to bifurcate on the basis that damages will be assessed or an account
of profits will be taken at a later stage. The plaintiffs’ letter dated 1
December 2008 invited the defendant to bifurcate the matter on this
basis[note: 1]:

In the circumstances, the sensible and practical approach would be for this
action to be “split” into two stages. The first stage concerns the issue of
liability, i.e. whether our clients’ rights were infringed. The second stage,
which is contingent upon liability being established at the first stage, is
concerned with the _question of assessment of damages or calculation of
profits_. In this way, the costs of exploring damages or profits are put off
until it is clear that our clients’ rights were indeed infringed and the
invasion of confidence necessarily involved in discovery of your client’s
documents is postponed or, if your client is not liable, entirely obviated. We
suggest such an approach.

[emphasis added]

11 The defendant’s letter dated 30 December 2008[note: 2] states:

...our client is agreeable to your proposal...that the action be “split” into
two stages, i.e. for the trial to proceed on liability only, with damages (if
any) to be assessed at a later stage.

12 The parties’ intentions were crystallised in a consent order dated 7
January 2009 for the trial to be bifurcated with “** _damages (if any) or
calculation of profits (if any) to be assessed at a later stage_** ”. After
the conclusion of the trial, the parties’ appeared before the Judge on 20 July
2009 to clarify the options of remedies available to the plaintiffs. The
plaintiffs insisted in its right to elect its remedies between damages and the
alternative of an account of profits. Thereafter, the Judge made an order of
the remedies _available_ to the 2nd and 3rd plaintiffs in the Final Judgment,
where they can elect between damages and an account of profits.

13 The specific question is whether the plaintiffs can include an additional
remedy of restitutionary damages in light of the Final Judgment. In _Tang Man
Sit v. Capacious Investments Ltd_ [1996] AC 514 (‘ _Tang Man Sit_ ’), the
Privy Council decided that a plaintiff can change his choice of remedies even
at a very stage, so long as the Court has not rendered judgment for the remedy
to be given:

Faced with alternative and inconsistent remedies a plaintiff must choose, or
elect, between them. He cannot have both. The basic principle governing when a
plaintiff must make his choice is simple and clear. _He is required to choose
when, but not before, judgment is given in his favour and the judge is asked
to make orders against the defendant_. A plaintiff is not required to make his
choice when he launches his proceedings. He may claim one remedy initially,
and then by amendment of his writ and his pleadings abandon that claim in
favour of the other. He may claim both remedies, as alternatives. But he must
make up his mind when judgment is being entered against the defendant. Court
orders are intended to be obeyed. In the nature of things, therefore, the
court should not make orders which would afford a plaintiff both of two
alternative remedies.

[emphasis added]

14 The same position was adopted by the House of Lords decision of _United
Australia v. Barclays Bank_ [1941] AC 1 (‘ _United Australia_ ’) , where
Viscount Simon LC emphasized that the there is nothing special about the
remedies stated in the statement of claim as leave could always be granted for
amendment any time _before_ judgment has been rendered:

There is nothing conclusive about the form in which the writ is issued, or
about the claims made in the statement of claim. A plaintiff may at any time
before judgment be permitted to amend. The substance of the matter is that on
certain facts he is claiming redress either in the form of compensation, i.e.,
damages as for a tort, or in the form of restitution of money to which he is
entitled, but which the defendant has wrongfully received. The same set of
facts entitles the plaintiff to claim either form of redress. At some stage of
the proceedings the plaintiff must elect which remedy he will have. There is,
however, no reason of principle or convenience why that stage should be deemed
to be reached until the plaintiff applies for judgment.

15 Similarly, Lord Atkin emphasized that the relevant step when the plaintiff
is estopped from electing a different remedy was when judgment for the remedy
has been given:

...on a question of alternative remedies no question of election arises until
one or other claim has been brought to judgment. Up to that stage the
plaintiff may pursue both remedies together, or pursuing one may amend and
pursue the other: but he can take judgment only for the one, and his cause of
action on both will then be merged in the one.

16 In the present case, it is obvious that parties have proceeded on the basis
that the remedies available to them in the event that they succeeded on their
claims, would be damages. The alternative remedy is an account of profits.
They have consistently acted on this basis from the beginning where the first
statement of claim was filed, where the parties agreed to bifurcate the trial
and until the time when the Final Judgment was given. The plaintiffs did not
dispute the fact that no mention was made of restitutionary damages throughout
these series of events. In the present circumstances and with particular
reference to the Final Judgment, I find that the plaintiffs have elected their
remedies _in so far as_ the plaintiffs have decided that an assessment of
damages will be in the _alternative_ (as opposed to _cumulative_) to a gains
based remedy of an account in profits. The plaintiffs are of course free to
elect the _specific remedy_ to satisfy its claim, be it in damages, or in an
account of profits. However, _to the extent_ that the plaintiffs have _elected
the options_ of alternative remedies _available_ to the plaintiffs in the form
of either damages _or_ an account of profits _by the time the Final Judgment
had been given_ , I find that the plaintiffs are estopped from raising an
additional remedy of restitutionary damages.

17 In my view, to allow the amendment at this stage would cause substantial
prejudice to the defendant that cannot be remedied by costs – the defendant
was denied the opportunity to defend in trial the issues in relation to the
difference between the defendant’s shares in Hua Dian and his capital
investment in Gelpag GmbH, pursuant to his breaches of fiduciary duties.
Although it was found that the defendant had acted in breach of his fiduciary
duties when it undertook a commission from XIHARI to communicate with Mr
Leonhardt, there were no questions placed before the defendant in trial that
the monies (constituting the commission received) were causally linked to his
shares in Hua Dian or capital investment in Gelpag GmbH. It was also
determined in trial that the defendant was in breach of his fiduciary duties
when he failed to inform the second and third plaintiffs of XIHARI’s intention
to develop and market new generation of circuit breakers, and when he spent
time after November 2002 working on plans to develop and run the business of
Hua Dian. However, the defendant was denied the opportunity to cross-examine
on the plaintiffs’ implied assertions (by way of the present application for
leave to amend) that the defendant has wrongfully obtained benefits in the
course of committing such breaches.

18 Indeed, the plaintiffs’ attempt to bring in the question of the alleged
capital investment in Gelpag GmbH (by way of the present application) at the
stage of assessment of damages is a blatant attempt to **_re-litigate_**
before the assessing registrar an issue that has already been **_decided_** by
the Judge. The plaintiffs asserted in trial that the defendant’s capital
investment in Gelpag GmbH came from the substantial proceeds in the Xiamen
Project; and the plaintiffs are entitled to such proceeds/capital investment
because of the proceeds were obtained contrary to the defendant’s express duty
not to participate in other business activities[note: 3]. This has been
conclusively dismissed by the Judge in view of the lack of evidence (see ABB
Holdings at para [66]):

Having considered the evidence very carefully, I think that there is not
enough evidence to show that apart from receiving and passing on the
opportunity the defendant during the period of his employment with the third
plaintiff actively participated in Great Vision or the Xiamen project. There
was no evidence that during the period between the formation of Great Vision
and the defendant's resignation, he spent any time in China during which he
could have been working on the project. The fact that the defendant made a
substantial profit from the Xiamen project is not indicative of any active
participation by him during this period: such payment could well have been his
reward (or commission) for simply obtaining the opportunity and passing it on
to his brother to develop in conjunction with Huang Jianhuang and Mr Lin.
Again the documentation relating to the so called loan of RMB70,000 is
equivocal. The defendant firmly maintained that his name was reflected by
mistake and the document itself showed that the money was received by someone
else. Even if the defendant was the ultimate recipient of the loan, this would
not be sufficient to prove that he was actually engaged in any business in
relation to the Xiamen project.

19 The plaintiffs’ counsel submitted that there is no question of prejudice as
the plaintiffs has the right to amend the statement of claim at any time
before the assessment stage to include all aspects of remedies, since the
trial in _ABB Holdings_ had only dealt with the question of liability. This
was so because the parties have already agreed to bifurcate the dispute. I am
unable to accept this submission. The parties’ agreement to bifurcate the
trial in December 2008 was _made on the basis of the_ plaintiffs’ statement of
claim dated 14 March 2008, which had made _no mention of restitutionary
damages_ and where the plaintiffs had sought for damages or an account of
profits. The decision to bifurcate may or may not have been different; it is
not for this forum to speculate on that. It is undisputed however, that the
defendant has been denied the opportunity to consider in full the consequences
of bifurcation, having had no knowledge that the plaintiffs would include an
additional remedy in restitutionary damages in the event that they have
succeeded in their claim against the defendant. In this regard, I add
parenthically the observation that although the Privy Council in _Tang Man
Sit_ found that there was no election before the stage of assessment of
damages had been completed because the defendant had failed to give sufficient
disclosure of information for the plaintiff to make an informed election (even
though the plaintiff had already enforced a charging order pursuant to a
remedy for an account of profits _before_ proceeding to an assessment of
damages), the question that faced the Privy Council was whether there had been
an election between the remedies ordered by the Court; it did not involve the
question of having an _additional_ remedy of restitutionary damages which goes
_beyond_ the option of remedies available to the plaintiff as already ordered
by the Court.

Abuse of Process

20 The plaintiffs’ counsel made an ingenuous argument that the reference to
“damages” in the consent order, the Final Judgment and the parties’ agreement
to bifurcate the trial had included (as a ‘subset’ of damages, so to speak),
restitutionary damages. The plaintiffs are essentially asking for compensatory
damages **_and_** restitutionary damages. This is but a mere attempt at
circumventing the Final Judgment which had ordered an election between
_alternative_ remedies of damages and an account of profits. As pointed out by
the defendant’s counsel, both parties have appeared before the Judge on 20
July 2009 to clarify the remedies available to the plaintiffs. They had the
opportunity to raise the issue of restitutionary damages before the Judge but
failed to do so. Given that both parties have made submissions to the Judge on
the remedies available to the plaintiff for election, and where the Judge has
decided on that basis to award remedies in the alternative, I find that to
allow the amendment to have an additional remedy in restitutionary damages
would be to give the plaintiffs a second bite at the cherry. In my view, the
Court would be condoning an abuse of process if the plaintiffs are allowed to
circumvent the Final Judgment with a convenient labelling of ‘damages’ as
inclusive of restitutionary damages. (I add parenthically (as this pertains
only to the assessing registrar), that there could be an issue of double
recovery if both compensatory and restitutionary damages are granted). To the
extent stated above, I agree with the submissions made by the defendant’s
counsel that the application for leave to amend is an abuse of process.

21 Indeed, the present situation is analogous to the one in _World Wide Fund
and another v. World Wrestling Federation Entertainment Inc_ [2008] 1 WLR 445
(‘ _World Wide Fund_ ’) where the plaintiffs commenced proceedings against the
defendants claiming an injunction to restrain the defendants from using the
plaintiffs’ initials. In October 2001, Jacob J gave summary judgment where the
injunction was granted, but _refused the claimants permission to include a
claim for an account of profits_. The plaintiffs did not appeal against Jacob
J’s decision. Subsequently, the plaintiffs applied successfully to amend its
pleadings to include a claim under _restitutionary damages_. The Court of
Appeal decided that the plaintiffs ought to have raised the issue of
_restitutionary damages_ before Jacob J at the same time when the plaintiffs
had asked for permission to include a claim in an account of profits. The
failure to do so, coupled with the subsequent attempt to raise the issue by
way of an amendment of its pleadings, amounted to an abuse of process (per
Lord Justice Chadwick at para [74]):

In those circumstances the answer to the “crucial question” posed by Lord
Bingham [in _Johnson v. Gore Wood & Co_ [2002] 2 AC 1]in the passage which I
have just cited is that the fund is seeking to abuse the process of the court
by seeking to raise, in October 2004 (and, by amendment, in March 2005) a
claim for _Wrotham Park_ damages which it could have raised in October 2001
and which (but for the fact that it had decided, then, not to pursue that
claim) it should have raised in October 2001. The abuse, as it seems to me,
lies in seeking now to pursue a claim for _Wrotham Park_ damages in these
proceedings after inviting Jacob J to decide the issue which was before him in
October 2001 (whether to order an account of profits) on the basis that there
would be no claim for _Wrotham Park_ damages in the proceedings. The course
which the fund has adopted is inconsistent with the underlying interest that
there should be finality in litigation and that a party should not be vexed
twice in the same matter: it is inconsistent with the need for economy and
efficiency in the conduct of litigation, in the interests of the parties and
of the public as a whole. The federation was entitled to proceed on the basis
that, a claim to an award of _Wrotham Park_ damages not having been sought in
2001, such a claim was not being pursued in these proceedings. The flaw in the
judge's reasoning, as it seems to me, lies in his failure to appreciate that
the claim to _Wrotham Park_ damages (if it were to be raised at all) should
have been raised before Jacob J in conjunction with the claim to an account of
profits.

22 In the same vein, I find that the plaintiffs ought to have raised the
question of restitutionary damages before the Judge on 20 July 2009 where both
parties have clarified the remedies available to the plaintiffs, and where the
plaintiffs have brought up the issue of an account of profits before the
Judge.

23 The present decision however, does not purport to assert that an account of
profits is the _same remedy_ as that of restitutionary damages. Indeed, the
desire to keep the two remedies conceptually distinct is shown when Lord
Nicholls said in _Attorney General v. Blake_ [2001] 1 A.C. 268 [House of
Lords] at 254 (‘ _AG v. Blake_ ’):

...there seems to be no reason, in principle, why the court must in all
circumstances rule out an account of profits as a remedy for breach of
contract. I prefer to avoid the unhappy expression "restitutionary damages".

24 The irony however, is that this statement shows that the two remedies of
restitutionary damages and an account of profits have often been used in the
same context, underlying their common attributes where the Court has found it
fit to use one of these remedies (by looking at the gain obtained by the
wrongdoer) when there is a failure to establish financially measurable loss.
In this regard, Lord Nicholls have pertinently observed that (_AG v. Blake_ at
285):

Remedies are the law's response to a wrong (or, more precisely, to a cause of
action). When, exceptionally, a just response to a breach of contract so
requires, the court should be able to grant the discretionary remedy of
requiring a defendant to account to the plaintiff for the benefits he has
received from his breach of contract. In the same way as a plaintiff's
interest in performance of a contract may render it just and equitable for the
court to make an order for specific performance or grant an injunction, so the
plaintiff's interest in performance may make it just and equitable that the
defendant should retain no benefit from his breach of contract...The law
recognises that damages are not always a sufficient remedy for breach of
contract. This is the foundation of the court's jurisdiction to grant the
remedies of specific performance and injunction _. Even when awarding damages,
the law does not adhere slavishly to the concept of compensation for
financially measurable loss. When the circumstances require, damages are
measured by reference to the benefit obtained by the wrongdoer_. This applies
to interference with property rights. Recently, the like approach has been
adopted to breach of contract. Further, in certain circumstances _an account
of profits is ordered in preference to an award of damages_. Sometimes the
injured party is given the choice: either compensatory damages or an account
of the wrongdoer's profits. Breach of confidence is an instance of this. If
confidential information is wrongfully divulged in breach of a non-disclosure
agreement, it would be nothing short of sophistry to say that an account of
profits may be ordered in respect of the equitable wrong but not in respect of
the breach of contract which governs the relationship between the parties.
With the established authorities going thus far, I consider it would be only a
modest step for the law to recognise openly that, exceptionally, an account of
profits may be the most appropriate remedy for breach of contract.

[emphasis added]

25 In the English Court of Appeal decision of _Experience Hendrix v. PPX
Enterprises Inc_ [2003] 1 All ER (Comm) 830 (‘ _Hendrix’_), the claim was in
respect of the grant of licenses in breach of a settlement agreement made in
relation to the use of master recordings by Jimi Hendrix. The claimant
obtained injunctions to restrain further releases of the recordings; it had
claimed in both restitutionary damages and an account of profits. The claimant
had however, conceded that it could not show financial loss as a result of the
breaches prior to the injunction. The English Court of Appeal found it
appropriate to draw a _close analogy_ from the decision of _AG v. Blake_
(where the House of Lords allowed exceptionally for an _account of profits_ to
be obtained as a remedy for breach of contract), a decision described by Lord
Justice Mance (at para [16]) as marking “a new start in this area of law”.
Although Lord Nicholls has decided _AG v. Blake_ on the basis of an award of
“account of profits”, the English Court of Appeal in _Hendrix_ observed that
the decision of _AG v. Blake_ has opened the door for a bolder approach in
awarding _restitutionary damages_ where the claimant was unable to establish
any identifiable financial loss (at [34]):

Since Blake I see no reason why, if the beneficiary of a restrictive covenant
is unaware of its infringement in time to obtain an injunction immediately,
but is able to obtain an injunction for the future after the defendant by the
infringement has obtained some benefit, the appellant should be precluded from
obtaining an injunction and, _if justice requires_ , _a reasonable sum to
compensate for the past infringement, even though he may not be able to show
any financial loss to himself_. If compensation on this basis is available in
respect of the permanent deprivation of a right because the law does not
consider that injunctive relief is appropriate, there seems no justification
for refusing it in respect of a temporary deprivation arising because the
infringement has been committed too quickly for the law to be able to
intervene. In either case, though for different reasons, the compensation
awarded would be in substitution for an injunction.

[emphasis added]

26 In addition to the above, the English Court of Appeal in _Hendrix_ adopted
an analysis similar to the awarding of an account of profits in _AG v. Blake_
, it was found that the defendant had deliberately did what it had contracted
not to do, and that the claimant had a legitimate interest in preventing the
defendant from profiting from the breach. Nevertheless, there remain some
differences between the two remedies. The English Court of Appeal in _Hendrix_
awarded restitutionary damages even though the circumstances were found to be
insufficiently ‘exceptional’ to justify an account of profits. Lord Justice
Mance described (at para [35]) a claim in restitutionary damages as a “lesser
claim” than that of an account of profits, and observed (at para [24]) that
Lord Nicholls (in _AG v. Blake_) did not apply “the same epithet or
qualification” of exceptionality to an award of restitutionary damages. On the
contrary, the High Court in _Cheong Lay Yong v. Muthukumaran s/o Varthan and
another_ [2010] 3 SLR 16 at [58] stated that restitutionary damages are
awarded in exceptional cases.

27 In addition, the Court of Appeal’s reference to “compensation” (see [25]
above) is consistent with the observation by the Court of Appeal in _World
Wide Fund_ (at para [47]) that restitutionary damages are essentially
_compensatory_ in nature (in reliance of Lord Hobhouse’s dissenting judgment
in _AG v. Blake_). These observations must of course be read in light of Lord
Nicholls’ observation that (_AG v. Blake_ at p 283):

The _Wrotham Park_ [_Wrotham Park Estate Co Ltd v Parkside Homes Ltd_ [1974] 1
WLR 798] case, therefore, still shines, rather as a solitary beacon, showing
that in contract as well as tort _damages are not always narrowly confined to
recoupment of financial loss_. In a suitable case damages for breach of
contract may be measured by the benefit gained by the wrongdoer from the
breach. The defendant must make a reasonable payment in respect of the benefit
he has gained.

[emphasis added]

28 In addition, there is some suggestion that the object of an award in
restitutionary damages is _not compensatory_ (thus inclining it towards a
closer position to the remedy of an account of profits), from the Court of
Appeal decision of _Friis and another v. Casetech Trading Pte Ltd and another_
[2000] 2 SLR(R) 511 where the decision of Steyn LJ’s observations in _Surrey
County Council v Bredero Homes Ltd_ [1993] 3 All ER 705 was endorsed with
approval:

An award of compensation for breach of contract serves to protect three
separate interests. The starting principle is that the aggrieved party ought
to be compensated for loss of his positive or expectation interests. In other
words, the object is to put the aggrieved party in the same financial position
as if the contract had been fully performed. But the law also protects the
negative interest of the aggrieved party. If the aggrieved party is unable to
establish the value of a loss of bargain he may seek compensation in respect
of his reliance losses. The object of such an award is to compensate the
aggrieved party for expenses incurred and losses suffered in reliance of the
contract. These two complementary principles share one feature. Both are pure
compensatory principles ...

There is, however, a third principle which protects the aggrieved party's
restitutionary interest. The object of such an award is not to compensate the
plaintiff for a loss, but to deprive the defendant of the benefit he gained by
the breach of contract. The classic illustration is a claim for the return of
goods sold and delivered where the buyer has repudiated his obligation to pay
the price. It is not traditional to describe a claim for restitution following
a breach of contract as damages. What matters is that a coherent law of
obligations must inevitably extend its protection to cover certain
restitutionary interests. How far that protection should extend is the essence
of the problem before us.

29 Based on the authorities of _AG v. Blake_ and _Hendrix_ , I find that the
remedies of restitutionary damages and an account of profits are, from a
_practical_ perspective, _similar in so far_ as these are remedies open to the
plaintiff where the Court acknowledges the need to find an _appropriate and
just response_ to the defendant’s breaches (by looking at the gain obtained by
the defendant), in the event where the plaintiff is unable to establish any
identifiable financial loss. As observed by the Court of Appeal in _World Wide
Fund_ at para [59] (the references to ‘compensation’ are however, reservedly
debatable and as yet untested by the House of Lords):

When the court makes an award of damages on the Wrotham Park basis it does so
because it is satisfied that that is a _just response_ to circumstances in
which the compensation which is the claimant's due cannot be measured (or
cannot be measured solely) by reference to identifiable financial loss. Lord
Nicholls's analysis in Blake's case demonstrates that there are exceptional
cases in which _the just response to circumstances in which the compensation
which is the claimant's due cannot be measured by reference to identifiable
financial loss is an order which deprives the wrongdoer of all the fruits of
his wrong_. The circumstances in which an award of damages on the Wrotham Park
basis may be an appropriate response, and those in which the appropriate
response is an account of profits, may differ in degree. But _the underlying
feature, in both cases, is that the court recognises the need to compensate
the claimant in circumstances where he cannot demonstrate identifiable
financial loss_. To label an award of damages on the Wrotham Park basis as a
“compensatory” remedy and an order for an account of profits as a “gains-
based” remedy does not assist an understanding of the principles on which the
court acts. The two remedies should, I think, each be seen as a flexible
response to the need to compensate the claimant for the wrong which has been
done to him.

[emphasis added]

30 In view of the similar aspect between the two remedies, I find that the
plaintiffs’ application for leave to amend is in substance a backdoor approach
to have a second bite at the cherry, where the plaintiffs have already
submitted before the Judge for an alternative remedy in an account of profits.
Allowing the plaintiffs a claim in both general damages and restitutionary
damages would contradict the Final Judgment which had ordered for an account
of profits to be _in the alternative_ to damages.

Conclusion

31 For the reasons above, I refuse leave to amend paragraph 14(f). In view of
the attempt to _re-litigate_ the issue in relation to Gelpag GmbH (see para
[18]) above, I grant the plaintiffs liberty to amend paragraph 14(f) (within 7
days of this Judgment) only to assert its position that the value of the
defendant’s shares in Hua Dian may be a measure of the general damages
suffered by the second and third plaintiffs (the references to restitutionary
damages and the capital investment in Gelpag GmbH shall not be included).

32 The plaintiffs are to file and serve its amended Statement of Claim in
relation to the amendments allowed in paragraphs 14(d) and (e) within 7 days
of this Judgment. The defendant is granted leave to file and serve its defence
(in response to the amendments allowed for in paragraph 14(d) and (e)) within
14 days of service of the amended statement of claim. The plaintiffs are
granted liberty to reply within 14 days of service of the amended defence.

33 In view of the delay in bringing the application to amend, and with regard
to the fact that this episode could have been avoided as the plaintiffs could
have easily raised the question of restitutionary damages when both parties
appeared before the Judge to clarify the remedies available (coupled with the
fact that much time has been expended by counsels in preparing authorities and
submissions), I order costs to the defendant fixed at $2,800 including
disbursements.

* * *

[note: 1]Annex to P’s written submissions dated 10 August 10.

[note: 2]Annex to P’s written submissions dated 10 August 10.

[note: 3]See _ABB Holdings_ at para [59]-[60].

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 06 Sep 2010 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

