Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Ng Teck Sim Colin and another _v_ Hat Holdings Pte Ltd and another  
[2010] SGHC 217

Case Number| :| Suit No 414 of 2008  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 03 August 2010  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Belinda Ang Saw Ean J  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Peter Cuthbert Low, Chan Wai Mun, Paul Tan and Koh Li Yun
(Colin Ng & Partners LLP) for the plaintiffs; Edwin Tong, Kristy Tan and Koh
Bi'na (Allen & Gledhill LLP) for the defendants.  
Parties| :|  Ng Teck Sim Colin and another — Hat Holdings Pte Ltd and another  
  
3 August 2010| Judgment reserved.  
---|---  
  
Belinda Ang Saw Ean J:

Introduction

1 This action concerns the sale of a property known as Villa 2, Ayara Surin,
Phuket, Thailand (“the Property”). The present litigation brought into sharp
focus the uniqueness of Thai law where ownership of the land is separate from
that of the house built on the land. Under Thai law, separate transfers and
registrations are required before legal ownership of both land and house can
validly and effectively change hands. The sale transaction was plagued by
troubles encountered along the way, which gave rise to misplaced suspicion and
mistrust in the minds of the parties stemming from the unappreciated
difference between Thailand’s and Singapore’s property law; it certainly did
not originate from the parties’ desire to take advantage of each other. The
plaintiffs, Colin Ng (“Colin”) and Maria Ng (“Maria”) (collectively, “the
Ngs”) are the sellers of the Property. The first defendant, Hat Holdings Pte
Ltd (“Hat”) is the purchaser of the Property. Samuel Foy Colflesh (“Samuel”)
and the second defendant, Bolliger Hans Peter (“Bolliger”) are the directors
of Hat. The Property was purchased by Hat for the use of Bolliger and his
family.[note: 1] Samuel was the key person who represented Hat in the sale
transaction.

Facts giving rise to the dispute

The Ngs’ acquisition of the Property

2 On 8 October 2000, the Ngs entered into a Reservation Contract with Southern
Land Development Co Ltd (“Southern Land”) to purchase the Property for Thai
Baht 27.3m.[note: 2] According to the Ngs, construction of the two-storey
house on Ayara Surin (hereafter known as “Villa 2”) started in late November
or early December 2000.[note: 3] However, the Ngs only entered into a contract
with Southern Land to purchase the lease of the Ayara Surin land (“the Land”)
under a “Vacant Land Lease Agreement” (“the 2001 Lease”) on 23 April
2001.[note: 4] In addition, the Ngs entered into a construction contract with
the builders, JV MIT Co Ltd (“JV MIT”), on 28 May 2001.[note: 5] Subsequently,
Southern Land registered in favour of the Ngs, at the Talang District Land
Office (“the Phuket Land Office”), the 2001 Lease and the right of superficies
for the Land. By way of explanation, the right of superficies is a right
granted by the freehold landowner (here, Southern Land) to the superficies
right holder (here, the Ngs) to own buildings and structures on the land in
question (see s 1410 of the Civil and Commercial Code of Thailand).[note: 6]
Notably, there is no dispute that the Ngs paid for the Land and the
construction costs of Villa 2, and that they had exclusive possession, use and
enjoyment of the Property for over six years before deciding to sell it to
Hat.

3 On 22 April 1999 (before the Ngs bought the Property), Sarot Tantipatanaseri
(“Sarot”), an architect who worked with (but was not an employee of) Southern
Land, was issued a license to construct several houses, including Villa 2
(“the Construction Permit”). The Construction Permit stated that Sarot was the
owner of Villa 2, and that the permit was “valid until” 21 April 2001.[note:
7] The Construction Permit was purportedly transferred to the Ngs (“the
Assigned Construction Permit”) on 23 March 2006. It is undisputed that the
events giving rise to the dispute in this action started after 3 March 2008
when the Phuket Land Office rejected as defective the Assigned Construction
Permit because it came into being after the Construction Permit had
expired.[note: 8] I now move to the events in 2007.

Negotiations leading up to the signing of the Agreement

4 Bolliger first contacted Colin to ask if the Property was available for sale
in October 2007. Thereafter, Maria negotiated the sale terms with Bolliger
and, later, Samuel, both directly and through e-mail.

5 After some negotiations, the parties agreed on the terms of the sale and
executed an agreement on 12 December 2007. While the document was entitled an
“Option to Purchase”, it was actually a sale and purchase agreement (“the
Agreement”).[note: 9] The salient terms of the Agreement are as follow:[note:
10]

(a) The sale price for the Property was fixed at US$1.85m. Of this sum, US$1m
was in respect of the Land, and the remaining sum of US$850,000 was in respect
of Villa 2 and the fixtures attached thereto (“the Villa 2 Purchase Price”);

(b) The title shall be free from encumbrances and the Property was sold “as is
where is”;

(c) The completion date was fixed for 4 February 2008, but this could be
extended for up to 14 days at Hat’s request;

(d) Hat was deemed to have “full notice of the actual state and condition of
the [Property] in all respects” and “shall not be entitled to raise any
objection or requisition whatsoever in respect thereof”;

(e) The Agreement was to be construed in accordance with the laws of
Singapore, “without regard to any principles on conflicts of law”. The parties
agreed to irrevocably submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of the Singapore
court.

On 14 December 2007, Hat transferred to the Ngs a total sum of US$277,500,
purportedly as the deposit and option money for the Property.[note: 11]

Events leading to the first variation of the Agreement

6 After the Agreement was executed, the parties exchanged the contacts of
their respective Thai lawyers.[note: 12] The Ngs were represented by Surasak
Pittisuree (“Surasak”) while Hat was represented by Pornchai Srisawang from
the law practice of Tilleke & Gibbins International Ltd (“T&G”). On 4 January
2008, Maria sent Samuel and Bolliger an e-mail setting out the advice she had
received from Surasak, namely that:[note: 13]

(a) the registration process for the Property had to be bifurcated (with the
transfer of Villa 2 taking one month to complete due to the need to post a
notice of the transfer application for 30 days at Villa 2 and elsewhere as
designated by the local authorities); and

(b) Surasak had copies of the Title Certificate, the Assigned Construction
Permit and House Registration Book and he confirmed that they were ready for
registration.

Additionally, Maria suggested postponing the date of completion to 11 February
2008.

7 T&G conducted due diligence on the Property and prepared a due diligence
report dated 10 January 2008 for Samuel (“the DD Report”). The DD Report
concluded that the freehold land was owned by Southern Land and leased to the
Ngs under the 2001 Lease. The DD Report also recognised, in respect of Villa
2, the existence of both the Construction Permit and the Assigned Construction
Permit.[note: 14] On 20 January 2008, Samuel sent an e-mail to the Ngs and
Bolliger, describing the outcome of the due diligence exercise as
“satisfactory”.[note: 15]

8 In February 2008, numerous unsuccessful attempts were made to complete the
sale transaction. (The reasons for the failed attempts are not material for
this judgment.) On 28 February 2008, T&G informed Samuel that it had arranged
to meet the Ngs’ lawyers and Southern Land’s representatives on 3 March 2008
with a view to register the lease and superficies (for the Land) and to file
an application to register the sale of Villa 2.[note: 16] However, the Phuket
Land Office rejected the application to register the transfer of Villa 2 on
that day as the Assigned Construction Permit was invalid (see [3]
above).[note: 17] The officers at the Phuket Land Office suggested that Sarot
transfer Villa 2 to the Ngs in order for the Ngs to transfer Villa 2 to Hat.

9 As a result, two suggested solutions to this problem emerged. T&G suggested
that Sarot transfer Villa 2 to the Ngs, and then from the Ngs to Hat (“the
Two-Steps Process”).[note: 18] Maria adopted and proposed her Thai lawyer’s
suggestion, which was for Sarot to transfer Villa 2 directly to Hat to save
time and costs (“the One-Step Process”).[note: 19] Samuel agreed to the One-
Step Process. The context in which this agreement was reached is important.
The Ngs asserted that Hat (through Samuel), at the time of agreeing to the
One-Step Process, was not concerned as to whether Sarot had good title to
transfer, relying on the e-mail sent by Samuel to Maria on 5 March 2008 at
9.08am to support their argument.[note: 20] However, I do not think there is
evidence to support such an interpretation. First, Samuel had, in that e-mail,
clearly stated his understanding (based on the Construction Permit) that Sarot
was the named owner of Villa 2 and that he would need to seek an expert’s
opinion on this matter. In addition, in an earlier e-mail dated 4 March 2008
(timed at 10.34pm), Samuel also sought clarification on how the One-Step
Process would “[apply] to the effective conveyance”.[note: 21] It is true that
paragraph 5 of Samuel’s e-mail dated 5 March 2008, read alone, suggests that
Samuel was happy to receive whatever title Sarot could transfer to Hat, and he
was even willing to personally assist in getting Sarot to effect the transfer.
However, in the light of his earlier observations and comments, in all
fairness, it cannot be said that Hat was not concerned, at that point of time,
with whether the title that Sarot could transfer was good or otherwise
imperfect. I should add that, at all material times, the parties, on the
advice of their respective Thai lawyers, had proceeded with the application to
register Villa 2 on the premise that Sarot was the correct person to transfer
Villa 2 as he was named as the owner on the Construction Permit. It was only
well into this litigation that the defendants, under the advice of a different
set of Thai lawyers, adopted the current position that Southern Land, and not
Sarot, was and is still the legal owner of Villa 2.

The successful transfer of the Land

10 On 7 March 2008, the parties went to the Phuket Land Office to register the
respective transfers of the Land and Villa 2.[note: 22] The Land was
successfully transferred to Hat by: (a) terminating the 2001 Lease between the
Ngs and Southern Land;[note: 23] (b) terminating the Ngs as superficies;[note:
24](c) applying to register a _fresh_ lease given by Southern Land to
Hat;[note: 25] and (d) applying to register Hat as the superficiary of the
Land.[note: 26] Notably, the _fresh_ lease was effective from 7 March 2008
(“the 2008 Land Lease”).[note: 27] Hat paid the Ngs the balance of the
purchase price for the Land on 12 March 2008.[note: 28] No dispute arises from
the transfer of the Land.

The transfer of Villa 2

11 The transfer of Villa 2 did not materialise on 7 March 2008 as Sarot was
worried about his potential income tax liability arising from his purported
sale of Villa 2[note: 29] (which was based on a standard form Sale and
Purchase of House Agreement[note: 30]). On 10 March 2008, the Ngs provided
Sarot with a Letter of Guarantee to cover any duty, fee, commission or tax
arising from the “sale” of Villa 2.[note: 31] Sometime around 31 March 2008,
Sarot provided a power of attorney (dated 12 March 2008) in favour of Adul
Chueasaman, who was one of the Ngs’ lawyers in Thailand at that time, to
facilitate the transfer of Villa 2 to Hat.[note: 32] During this period of
time, the parties agreed to work towards handing over Villa 2 on 2 April
2008.[note: 33] Hat arranged to pay for the services required to upkeep Villa
2 and paid the common area dues for the second quarter of 2008 sometime on or
around 23 April 2008.[note: 34]

12 On 13 March 2008, Colin wrote to Samuel requesting part-payment for Villa 2
before its actual transfer.[note: 35] The Ngs’ rationale for requesting early
payment was that the Land had already been transferred. This request triggered
questions as to when registration of the transfer for Villa 2 would take place
and there were extensive discussions on this point between Maria and
Samuel.[note: 36] On 19 March 2008, Colin wrote to Samuel and Bolliger to
inquire when the Ngs could expect payment (in part) for Villa 2.[note: 37]
This inquiry prompted Bolliger to write a long e-mail to Samuel on 25 March
2008. In this e-mail, Bolliger questioned the legality of the Ngs’ title to
Villa 2 and the physical structure of Villa 2 itself, whether Villa 2 could be
made legal, and also whether Hat should be paying the Ngs when the latter was
not the party transferring title to Villa 2.[note: 38] On 29 March 2008,
Bolliger asked Samuel further questions relating, again, to the legality of
Villa 2 and the implications of taking over possession of Villa 2 in the
circumstances.[note: 39] Bolliger also stated that he was happy to delay
taking possession of Villa 2. Samuel’s reply on the same day was that he was
not sure why title to Villa 2 had not been transferred to the Ngs, and that
the difference between having an illegal and legal house was only money.[note:
40] Samuel further opined that Hat taking possession of Villa 2 was the “best
scenario” as it would remove the Ngs from their only possible claim (for
possession), leaving Hat and Southern Land to resolve any consequential
problems. Samuel concluded by stating that he was relaxed because: (a) the
Land was in Thailand; (b) Hat had title to the Land; (c) Hat had not paid the
US$850,000 over to the Ngs; and (d) Southern Land was professional.

13 The attempts to conclude the transfer of Villa 2 and for Hat to enter
possession of Villa 2 hit a snag on 2 April 2008, when Samuel offered to pay
only 20% of the Villa 2 Purchase Price upfront and the remaining 80% on
completion. Colin refused to allow Hat into possession of Villa 2 as he felt
insulted by the offer.[note: 41]Subsequently, Colin suggested that Singapore
lawyers (as stakeholders) hold the US$850,000, or that Hat pays 50% of the
Villa 2 Purchase Price upfront with the remaining 50% to be paid after expiry
of the 30-day notice period required for Villa 2.[note: 42] Samuel agreed, on
4 April 2008, that 50% of the Villa 2 Purchase Price would be paid on the
first Friday after successful application at the Phuket Land Office, and the
remainder on the first Friday following final completion.[note: 43] The
parties’ respective Thai lawyers then arranged to meet at the Phuket Land
Office on 9 April 2008 as Hat’s Thai lawyers were unable to attend
earlier.[note: 44]

14 Bolliger was forwarded a copy of Samuel’s e-mail to the Ngs dated 4 April
2008, and again, he wrote to Samuel to record his discomfort over the legality
of Villa 2 in the light of the expired Construction Permit.[note: 45] Samuel’s
response was that Hat’s Thai lawyers would ensure that it obtained a legal
building before the sale was completed, and the deal as structured “[would]
ensure this so long as it [went] as planned on 9 April”.[note: 46] Further,
Samuel stated that Hat would approach the “owner” (presumably, Southern Land
(see [12] above)) directly if the transaction failed on 9 April 2008, and that
the “only difference between legal and illegal [in Thailand]” was money.

15 On 9 April 2008, Samuel and the parties’ respective Thai lawyers
successfully filed an application to register the sale and purchase of Villa 2
at the Phuket Land Office.[note: 47] On 11 April 2008, Bolliger sent Samuel
yet another e-mail to question if he should ask the Ngs why they were selling
a structure that was illegal, and whether Colin could be banned from
practicing law in Singapore for selling something that did not belong to
him.[note: 48]

Payment of the first 50% of the Villa 2 Purchase Price and the alleged Oral
Agreement

16 On Thursday, 10 April 2008, Maria wrote to Samuel to remind him that
payment of the first 50% of the Villa 2 Purchase Price was due the next
day.[note: 49] Nothing happened until 13 April 2008, when Samuel asked Maria
how he should go about arranging for payment to stakeholders, apparently
because he was accountable to his trustees on the payment to be made.[note:
50] Presumably, Samuel was thinking of British and Malayan Trustees Ltd, who
is the majority shareholder of Hat. On 14 April 2008, Colin explained that the
Ngs were still the sellers of the Property, but Sarot was the “registered
house owner” who had executed a Power of Attorney allowing the Ngs’ Thai
lawyers to transfer Villa 2.[note: 51] Samuel’s response to Colin’s
explanation on the same day was that:[note: 52]

(a) Both parties should move away from their “lawyers” and “trustees” as it
was “near impossible” to get them to accept to Colin’s proposal; and

(b) Hat would pay 50% of the Villa 2 Purchase Price, with the remaining amount
“owing to be paid on the first Friday following completion”, if the Ngs would
provide a “statement of joint liability” and “receipt for the funds being
collected on [Sarot’s] behalf”.

Colin agreed to Samuel’s proposal in relation to payment of the Villa 2
Purchase Price (“the Oral Agreement”) and further stated that:[note: 53]

[I SUPPOSE IT IS RIGHT THAT WE ARE RESPONSIBLE TO THE BUYER IF [SAROT] CLAIMS
ANYTHING FROM YOU IN RELATION TO THE HOUSE REGISTRATION. OF COURSE WE DON’T
EXPECT THIS. BUT IF IT DOES HAPPEN THEN WE [SHOULD] BE CONSULTED AND IF ANY
PAYMENT IS TO BE MADE THEN WE [SHOULD] BOTH AGREE. IN SHORT WE INDEMNIFY THE
BUYER AGAINST ANY SUCH CLAIM BY [SAROT]] …

17 Later on 14 April 2008, Samuel sent Colin another e-mail to clarify the
terms of the joint liability statement, and asked that it included a “clause
of non-performance on the part of the “registered owner”, and not simply to
cover the event of [Sarot] making a claim on matters of the registration post-
event”. Samuel explained that his greater concern was “non-performance”
(presumably by Sarot), and not whether the Ngs or Hat would be able to defeat
any claim raised by Sarot.[note: 54] Colin agreed to Samuel’s request. The
parties arranged to meet later that day. At that meeting, Samuel made payment
of 50% of the Villa 2 Purchase Price while the Ngs executed an indemnity in
Hat’s favour in the event of any claim by Sarot, and further agreed to the
following:[note: 55]

If [Villa 2] is not delivered then you can proceed for breach of contract
(after reasonable time has been given) against [the Ngs].

Completion of the transfer of Villa 2

18 The registration of the sale of Villa 2 to Hat was completed on 23 May 2008
pursuant to a “Sale and Purchase of House Agreement” entered into between
Sarot and Hat.[note: 56] In particular, the document “Agreement to Sell
Building” that was registered at the Phuket Land Office carried the following
endorsement:[note: 57]

I, [Hat], confirm that, in the process of making this Agreement, I had
directly come into contact with the [freehold] Land Owner [_ie_ , Southern
Land] and come to an agreement with him explicitly. Hence as a result, this
agreement was documented and registered. And if there should be a case of
mistaken identity regarding the Land Owner or the Land itself, I will solely
bear all responsibilities. The Officials involved will not be implicated.

There is no dispute that registration was completed on 23 May 2008. Payment of
the remaining unpaid 50% of the purchase price for Villa 2 (“the Final
Payment”) was due on 30 May 2008. However, Samuel did not provide payment
then, claiming that there was an “impasse”; that the matter was “under
review”, and that his “Settlement sheet” was not ready.[note: 58] On 5 June
2008, Samuel asked Maria for a meeting without Colin and Bolliger to settle
two remaining issues.[note: 59] Simultaneously, Samuel informed Bolliger about
the meeting, claiming that the meeting was arranged because Maria had pressed
to meet. In his e-mail to Bolliger, Samuel mentioned Bolliger’s “intention …
[to have] the final sum owing discounted”.[note: 60] Samuel and Maria met on 6
June 2008\. Samuel allegedly informed Maria of the Ngs’ breach of the Oral
Agreement and that was why Hat would not be making the Final Payment in
full.[note: 61] Maria denied that Samuel had said such a thing.

Post-completion events in and after June 2008

19 On 6 June 2008, Samuel assured Maria that Bolliger would sign the cheque
without any irrational deductions.[note: 62] On the side, Samuel and Bolliger
exchanged a number of e-mails discussing how they could justify obtaining a
10% discount for the Property from the Ngs as full and final settlement, for
example, by having Samuel include his fees (presumably for services rendered
in the sale transaction).[note: 63] On 11 June 2008, Samuel offered to the Ngs
payment of S$336,936 without any apparent explanation for the unilateral
deduction of 10% of the Purchase Price of the Property and, as expected, the
offer was rejected by the Ngs.[note: 64] As a consequence, on 16 June 2008,
the Ngs’ lawyers sent Hat a Statutory Demand for the Final Payment,
threatening to commence winding up proceedings if the full amount remained
unpaid.[note: 65] Hat responded by commencing Originating Summons No 890 of
2008 (“OS 890/2008”) to restrain the Ngs from winding it up. In Samuel’s
affidavit in support of Hat’s application, he alleged that the parties had
reached an Oral Agreement for Sarot to issue a receipt to Hat (see [16]
above), and that the Ngs’ failure to procure such a receipt meant that they
were not entitled to Final Payment.[note: 66] Kan J ordered Hat to pay the
Final Payment into court on 15 July 2008. OS 890/2008 was withdrawn upon
payment.

20 On 28 July 2008, the Ngs procured from Sarot a letter resembling the terms
of the receipt that Hat alleged the Ngs did not produce. Sarot’s letter
(“Sarot’s Receipt”) stated that he (Sarot) was “happy that [Villa 2] had been
transferred out of [his] name” (having been a nominee holder to the Ngs
hitherto) and that he was “not claiming money from anyone (be it [the Ngs] or
[Hat]) for the transfer.[note: 67] In addition, the Ngs replaced the personal
guarantee originally provided to Sarot (see [11] above) with a charge over the
Ngs’ bank account in Thailand that had an account balance of Thai Baht
2m.[note: 68] On 26 August 2008, the Ngs (through its solicitors) made a
without prejudice offer to Hat’s solicitors to pay the taxes and expenses
associated with the transfer of Villa 2 and to provide the receipt and
confirmation sought for (see [16] above), but Hat did not respond to the
offer.[note: 69]

Issues arising from the dispute

21 The Ngs’ case is that the parties had agreed (on 14 April 2008) that the
Final Payment (_ie_ , US$425,000) would be paid on the first Friday following
the date of registration of the sale and purchase of Villa 2.[note: 70] The
registration of the sale and purchase of Villa 2 was completed on 23 May 2008,
and the Final Payment became due and payable on 30 May 2008.[note: 71]
However, in breach of the Agreement, Hat failed to pay the Final Payment, but
instead, sought to tender payment of S$336,936.00 as “full and final
settlement” of the purchase of Villa 2 on 11 June 2008.[note: 72] As such, the
Ngs claim for the Final Payment.

22 Hat’s defence is two-fold. First, Hat argues that it was an implied term or
warranty of the Agreement that the Ngs would transfer “good, proper and
perfect legal and beneficial title” to it.[note: 73] After Hat became aware
that Sarot was the purported registered owner of Villa 2, it was agreed that
the Ngs would procure Sarot to transfer legal ownership to Villa 2 to Hat. Hat
claims that the parties entered into an oral agreement (“the Oral Agreement”)
on or about 14 April 2008, and that the Ngs were in breach of the terms of the
Oral Agreement in failing to:[note: 74]

(a) pay all taxes, costs and other expenses associated with the transfer of
Villa 2 from Sarot to Hat; and

(b) procure a receipt from Sarot evidencing payment by Hat, and/or
confirmation from Sarot that he has no further title, interest or any other
claims in Villa 2 whatsoever.

As a result of the purported breach of the Oral Agreement, Hat claims to be
entitled to withhold the Final Payment. I will refer to this defence as the
“Oral Agreement Argument”.

23 Next, Hat pleaded that it discovered, in April 2009, that Sarot’s title was
defective and that “good, proper and perfect legal title” to Villa 2 was not
transferred to Hat despite the purported registration on 23 May 2008. Sarot’s
title to Villa 2 was defective based on the following grounds: [note: 75]

(a) Although Sarot was the holder of the Construction Permit, he was not the
proper applicant and/or holder of that permit in respect of Villa 2.

(b) The transfer of the Construction Permit from Sarot to the Ngs on 23 March
2006 was not a valid way of transferring registered title to Villa 2 as Villa
2 was already constructed at that time. In any case, Sarot did not have good
legal title to transfer, for the reason given above in (a).

24 Consequently, Hat pleaded that the Ngs were in breach of the Agreement (as
varied) which required them to transfer “good, proper and perfect legal title”
to Villa 2. The Ngs were, therefore, not entitled to payment until they
transferred “good, proper and perfect legal title” to Villa 2 to Hat.[note:
76] Hat’s counterclaim against the Ngs is in respect of: (a) their breach of
the Agreement in failing to provide “good, proper and perfect legal title”,
and (b) their breach of the Oral Agreement.[note: 77] At the end of the trial,
Hat elected to claim solely for specific performance of the sale and purchase
of Villa 2, and for damages arising from the Ngs’ failure to procure or
transfer title to Villa 2 to Hat.[note: 78]

25 From the parties’ pleaded case, there are two main issues for me to decide.
The first is whether the Ngs were in breach of the alleged Oral Agreement. The
second is whether the Ngs had transferred good title to Villa 2 to Hat. I will
first consider the Oral Agreement Argument.

First issue: The Oral Agreement and the Ngs’ breach thereof

26 Hat pleaded that the parties had reached an oral agreement under which the
Ngs were to provide, _inter alia_ , a confirmation from Sarot that he has no
claims against Hat in relation to Villa 2 (“Confirmation”), and a receipt from
Sarot evidencing payment by Hat of Thai Baht 7.5m (“Receipt”).[note: 79] Hat
submits that the Ngs remained in breach of their duty to provide the
Confirmation and Receipt. In its further and better particulars filed on 8
August 2008, 21 August 2008 and 11 September 2008, Hat took the position that
this Oral Agreement was reached in a telephone conversation between the Ngs
and Samuel in the afternoon of 14 April 2008.[note: 80] In trial, Samuel
confirmed that such was the case.[note: 81]

27 In its closing submissions, Hat does not dispute that the Sarot Receipt
(see [20] above) satisfied the requirements of the Receipt and the
Confirmation it sought. Instead, Hat contends that the Ngs’ failure to provide
Sarot’s Receipt was a breach of their discovery obligations, and that the
present proceedings “would have been obviated” if it had been disclosed.[note:
82] The argument which Hat raised in respect of the Final Payment does not
justify its withholding the Final Payment; it has a bearing only on the
question of costs (if at all). On the existence of the alleged Oral Agreement,
I make the following observations. First, there is no record of any phone call
between the Ngs and Samuel on the afternoon of 14 April 2008 from Colin’s and
Maria’s phone-records.[note: 83] Hat provided no evidence of any such phone
call that took place between the parties. In addition, it is not obvious to me
that the words “i.e. production of”, as allegedly written by Colin on a
printed copy of an e-mail[note: 84] when Samuel met to make payment for Villa
2, would necessarily suggest that the Ngs had agreed to produce the Receipt.
The sentence is incomplete and the written words are too vague to lend itself
to such an interpretation. Furthermore, the failure to provide the Receipt and
Confirmation was never explicated by Samuel or Bolliger, at the material time,
as the reason for withholding or discounting the Final Payment. Notably, on 2
June 2008, Maria specifically asked Samuel “[w]hat else do we [_ie_ , the Ngs]
need to do” to receive full payment for Villa 2.[note: 85] In subsequent
communications between the Ngs and Samuel, Samuel did not mention anything
about there being no Receipt or Confirmation. Indeed, Samuel did not provide
any concrete reason at all for unilaterally imposing a discount.[note: 86]
This is especially curious, since Bolliger and Samuel were evidently trying to
find ways to justify a discount on the Purchase Price. The evidence strongly
supports the Ngs’ submission that the issue of the Receipt and the
Confirmation was merely an afterthought. For all these reasons, Hat’s defence
based on the Receipt and Confirmation is untenable and without merit.

28 I now turn to consider whether the Ngs were obliged to pay the costs and
taxes associated with the transfer of Villa 2 from Sarot to Hat. The Ngs
accept that they would have to pay for the costs and taxes associated with the
transfer of Villa 2, but argue that Hat did not demand payment for the
same.[note: 87] No completion accounts reflecting such costs or taxes
including reimbursements by way of deductions from the balance sale proceeds
had been provided to the Ngs, as would have been customary for a property
transaction in Singapore. Hat claims that it has paid Thai Baht 248,225 as
personal income tax (with a receipt to back its claim) and that the Ngs have
not repaid them.[note: 88] While the Ngs had agreed to pay for such personal
income tax, apparently, Hat had not made any demand for repayment of such
income tax. Notably, Hat did not rely on the unpaid income tax as a ground for
seeking a discount of the Purchase Price. In any case, the unpaid income tax
of Thai Baht 248,225 (which works out to approximately S$10,000) was nowhere
near the 10% deduction that Hat sought to unilaterally impose on the Ngs. At
best, Hat could deduct the equivalent sum to Thai Baht 248,225 from the Final
Payment, leaving the balance payable to the Ngs. Furthermore, the Ngs had
offered to make payment of taxes but their offer was ignored (see [20] above).
In the circumstances, assuming that only the issue of taxes was alive, I would
have held that Hat was not entitled to rely on this issue alone to withhold
the Final Payment from the Ngs.

Second issue: the Court’s jurisdiction to determine if good title was
transferred to Hat

29 Hat’s principal defence is that it did not receive good title to Villa 2.
The obligation to transfer good title requires the Ngs to deliver Villa 2 free
from encumbrances, subject to two qualifications. Hat takes Villa 2 subject to
any irremovable defects in title: (a) which are patent; or (b) of which it
knew at the time of contracting (see Megarry & Wade, _The Law of Real
Property_ (Sweet & Maxwell, 7th Ed, 2008) (“ _M &W_”) at para 15-074 -075 and
the decision of Chao Hick Tin J in _Lie Kee Pong v Chin Chow Yoon_ [1998] 1
SLR(R) 457 at [11] and [17]). There is no dispute that the Ngs were, at the
time of entering into the Agreement, obliged to transfer good title to Villa 2
to Hat. Indeed, Colin accepted as much during cross-examination and the Ngs do
not deny this in their submissions.[note: 89] Furthermore, the duty to deliver
Villa 2 free from encumbrances is expressly provided for under cl 2 of the
Agreement. However, the Ngs dispute that they were remiss in their obligation
to transfer good title to Hat. They highlight that the test for whether good
title is transferred was described in _Manning v Turner_ [1957] 1 WLR 91 in
the following terms (at p 94):[note: 90]

In my opinion, the test must always be: would the court, in an action for
specific performance at the instance of the vendors, force a title containing
the alleged defect upon a reluctant purchaser?

30 During the course of the hearing, I asked, as a preliminary query, whether
this court could determine the issues relating to title to Villa 2, since
Villa 2 is located in Thailand. Both the Ngs and Hat take the position that
this court could determine the dispute because their respective claims are
founded in contract (_viz_ , the Agreement), and this would be so,
notwithstanding, the issues raised concerning title (to Villa 2) situated on
foreign land.

31 However, I note that an integral (and strongest) part of Hat’s defence is
that the Ngs did not have good title and had failed to transfer good title to
Villa 2 to it, and they were thereby in breach of their obligation to transfer
good title. In support of this defence, in its closing submissions, Hat
resolutely maintains that neither the Ngs nor Sarot had title to Villa 2, or
was capable of transferring good title to it. The Ngs, however, deny that they
were remiss in their obligation to transfer good title to Hat. Their expert
witness, Supasak Chirasavinuprapand, opined that, at all material times, the
Ngs, and not Southern Land, were the owners of Villa 2, and Sarot’s transfer
of Villa 2 to Hat was valid.[note: 91] The Ngs also point out that Hat was “in
contact” with Southern Land at the time Villa 2 was registered in Hat’s name
on 23 May 2008 (see [18] above), as indicated on the Agreement to Sell
Building that was lodged at the Phuket Land Office on that day.[note: 92]
This, in turn, raises questions as to whether Announcement No 1522/2497, which
requires the applicant (_ie_ , Hat) to provide a letter from the freehold
landowner (_ie_ , Southern Land, according to Hat’s case) giving consent for
the transfer of Villa 2, is notionally satisfied under Thai law,[note: 93] and
the implication of that, if any, on the experts’ opinion that registration of
a sale agreement between Southern Land and Hat for Villa 2 is required.
Furthermore, Hat’s expert witness on Thai law, Mr Pichitpon Eammongkolchai
(“Pichitpon”) points out that it is not settled under Thai law whether
ownership of an existing building can be transferred through the grant of a
right of superficies. As a result, in order for this court to determine
whether the Ngs have satisfied their contractual obligation under the
Agreement to transfer good title to Hat, it would have to determine a myriad
of issues, arising under Thai law, relating to whether the Ngs or Sarot had
title to transfer, and whether Hat had received good title to Villa 2.

32 It is trite law that the court does not have the jurisdiction to entertain
proceedings involving determination of title to foreign land (see Collins,
_Dicey, Morris & Collins on The Conflict of Laws_ (Sweet & Maxwell, 14th Ed,
2006) (“ _Dicey & Morris_”) at para 23R-021). I will refer to this principle
as the “ _Mocambique_ principle” (see _Companhia de Mocambique v British South
Africa Co_ [1892] 2 QB 358). On the other hand, the court can, in certain
limited instances, make an order in an action, even if the action may concern
foreign land. One such instance is where personal equities between the parties
are involved (“the personal equities exception”). The circumstances under
which the personal equities exception can arise were described by Parker J in
_Deschamps v Miller_ [1908] 1 Ch 856 as follows (at pp 863-864):

There are, no doubt, exceptions to the rule, but, without attempting to give
an exhaustive statement of those exceptions, I think it will be found that
_they all depend on the existence between the parties to the suit of some
personal obligation arising out of contract or implied contract, fiduciary
relationship or fraud, or other conduct which, in the view of a Court of
Equity in this country, would be unconscionable_ , **_and do not depend for
their existence on the law of the locus of the immovable property_**. Thus, in
cases of trusts, specific performance of contracts, foreclosure, or redemption
of mortgages, or in the case of land obtained by the defendant by fraud, or
other such unconscionable conduct as I have referred to, the Court may very
well assume jurisdiction. **_But where there is no contract, no fiduciary
relationship, and no fraud or other unconscionable conduct giving rise to a
personal obligation between the parties, and the whole question is whether or
not according to the law of the locus the claim of title set up by one party,
whether a legal or equitable claim in the sense of those words as used in
English law, would be preferred to the claim of another party, I do not think
the Court ought to entertain jurisdiction to decide the matter_**.

[emphasis added in italics and bold]

33 The distinction between the _Mocambique_ principle and the personal
equities exception was clearly described and well illustrated by Peter
Prescott QC (sitting as deputy High Court judge) in _R Griggs Group Ltd v
Evans_ [2005] 2 WLR 513 (“ _Griggs_ ”), as follows (at [65]–[66]):

**65** The Moçambique case was about rights in rem. I do not doubt that if the
British company had admittedly been the owner of the land in Manica, but had
agreed to sell it to the Portuguese company, a court of equity might have
decreed specific performance. For that would have been to enforce a right in
personam. The House of Lords was not purporting to overrule a long line of
equity cases to that effect.

**66** The equitable jurisdiction in personam touching land abroad has existed
for at least 250 years. Notice the difference. In the Moçambique case the
Portuguese company was saying, in so many words: "Please decide that under the
local law we were _already_ the owners of the Manica lands and minerals." In
contrast, under the in personam jurisdiction of equity, the claimant would be
saying:

"I fully admit the defendant is the owner of this land. That's my very
complaint. You see, he has signed a contract to sell it to me. Please compel
him to fulfil his bargain."

Then the court of equity would "act upon the conscience" of the recalcitrant
party by ordering him to transfer the land to the claimant according to the
forms of local law. The jurisdiction is not over the property, but over the
person. The defendant signs the requisite documents for fear of being held in
contempt of court, but the result is to alter the ownership of foreign land
all the same.

34 I will now consider if the personal equities exception to the _Mocambique_
principle applies here. On the facts of the present case, it is particularly
significant that the personal equity must not depend, for its existence, on
the law of the locus of the immovable property (see [32] above). The
applicability of this requirement was considered in the following cases. In
_Tito v Waddell_ (No 2) [1977] 1 Ch 106 (“ _Tito_ ”) at p 263-264, Megarry V-C
took the view that the _Mocambique_ principle would not apply where it is
necessary for the plaintiff to prove his title to foreign land in order to
establish his claim and enforce the equity. In other words, the _Mocambique_
principle does not apply where proof of title is “incidental” to the main
claim. On the facts of the case in _Tito_ , although it was necessary for the
plaintiff there to prove that he was a landowner, there was no suggestion of
any dispute that the plaintiff was, indeed, the landowner. However, the
opposite applies in the present case, as there is a substantial dispute as to
whether good title had passed to Hat, be it from the Ngs or Sarot. This in
turn raised questions as to whether the Ngs or Sarot had good title to
transfer.

35 In _Couzens v Negri_ [1981] VR 824 (“ _Couzen_ ”), the Supreme Court of
Victoria took the view that the personal equities exception applied only where
“no adjudication touching on the laws of another nation is directly involved”.
The facts of this case are interesting. A liquidator sought directions from
the court as to whether the company in liquidation owned the land or held it
on trust for another company. The court dealt with the preliminary issue as to
whether a determination of the issue of trust would offend the _Mocambique_
principle and decided it did not. This was because (at p 828):

... what the court strictly speaking, is being asked is whether the company
here in liquidation had any and what fiduciary obligations in respect of the
New South Wales land and in turn whether the liquidator is obliged to
recognize them.

In other words, the dispute was as to the rights and obligations of the two
companies _inter se_ and did not relate to _legal_ title to the land. No
adjudication touching on the _lex situs_ of the land concerned was necessary.
Again, on this basis, _Couzens_ is distinguishable from the present case.

36 It is clear that the respective claims made by the Ngs and Hat are caught
by the _Mocambique_ principle. Quite plainly, the court will have to decide
whether Hat had received good title to Villa 2 to resolve the dispute between
the parties. Borrowing the language of Prescott QC (see [33] above), Hat’s
case is, quite plainly: “Please decide that under Thai law the Ngs or Sarot
were never the owners of Villa 2 and that as a consequence, we are not the
current owners of Villa 2”. In other words, the issue of title does not arise
incidentally, but is, instead, the principal issue in both of their claims
(see, in this regard, the observations of Professor Adrian Briggs in _Civil
Jurisdiction and Judgments_ (LLP, 4th Ed, 2005) at para 4.07). Indeed, this is
also implicitly recognised in Fawcett and Carruthers, _Cheshire, North &
Fawcett on Private International Law_ (Oxford University Press, 14th Ed,
2008), where the learned authors suggest (at p 482) that the personal equities
rule can only apply where the contractual right “can only be pursued by an
_uncontested_ assertion of his title to foreign land” [emphasis added].

37 The _Mocambique_ principle is one based on considerations of comity of
nations. It recognises that where land (and this includes the building
thereon) is concerned, a sovereign is entitled to assert a double prerogative,
to make laws for its own country and to have those laws adjudicated in its own
courts exclusively (see _Griggs_ at [78]). If so, then it would make no sense
for this court to decide, based on Thai law, as to whether Hat had received
good title to Villa 2. A judgment either way would, in effect, decide on a
matter that should be left entirely to the prerogative of the Thai courts. As
observed by Lord Wilberforce, determinations as to foreign title “[involve]
possible conflict with foreign jurisdictions, and the possible entry into and
involvement with political questions of some delicacy” (_Hesperides Hotels Ltd
v Muftizade_ [1979] AC 508 at p 537). The present case goes further as the
dispute to title possibly involves issues relating to Thai custom and
tradition of the community given the expert witnesses’ evidence that under
Thai law, there is no official document to prove one’s title to a building,
unlike the case of one’s title to land. [note: 94]Furthermore, an estoppel
could arise as between the parties in Thailand subsequently, if this issue is
finally decided by the Singapore courts. In these circumstances, I do not
think that it is wise or expedient for this court to adjudicate on the issues
of title that were raised by the parties.

38 For completeness, I should state that I do not find the cases relied on by
Hat, _viz_ , _Richard West and Partners (Inverness) Ltd v Dick_ [1969] 2 Ch
424 (a decision of the Chancery Division) and _Ward v Coffin_ (1972) 27 DLR
(3d) 58 (a decision of the New Brunswick Queens Bench Division) to be on
point. In neither of these cases was the question of title disputed between
the parties. In addition, I note that there are cases which suggest that the
parties can consent to the court adjudicating on such disputes of title (see,
for example, _The Mary Moxham_ (1876) 1 PD 107 and _Re Duke of Wellington_
[1948] Ch 118). However, given the sensitivities involved (see [34] and [37]
above), I do not think that these authorities ought to be followed. Instead, I
would align with the view of Somervell LJ in _The Tolten_ [1946] P 135, where
he opined that (at p 166):

I do not think the conflicting dicta in _The Mary Moxham_ can be regarded as
authority either way. All I wish to say about that case is that if the claim
fell under the rule as subsequently laid down in the _Mocambique_ case I doubt
whether a mere consent would have entitled the court to entertain the claim.

To conclude, both the Ngs’ claims and Hat’s counterclaim involve the integral
question of title that the court needs to resolve, and as such the claims are
non-justiciable.

Other Arguments

39 The conclusion reached at [38] above is not the end of the matter for the
Ngs. If the Ngs show that the issue of good title does not arise, for example,
by operation of some waiver, estoppel or acceptance by application of some
contractual principle, then arguably, it would not be in contravention of the
_Mocambique_ principle for this court to decide on the contractual dispute
since no issue of good title would arise for determination. In this regard,
the Ngs appear to have raised a host of such issues to resist Hat’s defence
and counterclaim in their submissions, which I should further observe, were
not from a model of brevity. I will now turn to consider these arguments.

40 As highlighted above, while the Ngs were contractually obliged to transfer
good title to Hat, this obligation does not extend to patent defects or
defects of which Hat knew about at the time of contracting (see [29] above).
In addition, the Ngs also argue that the defects alleged by Hat were matters
of conveyance rather than matter of title.[note: 95] I will now consider if
any of these exceptions apply.

Whether the defect in title was a patent defect

41 The learned authors of _M &W_ describe the distinction between a latent and
a patent defect in the following manner (at para 15-070):

A defect is not patent merely because the purchaser has constructive notice of
it. It must be one “which arises either to the eye or by necessary implication
from something which is visible to the eye”. Thus, an obvious right of way is
likely to be patent, but a tenancy, a restrictive covenant and a local land
charge are all latent incumbrances.

42 The defect here which Hat relies on is that Sarot did not have title to
Villa 2. In my view, this is not a patent defect. The alleged defect was not
one that was obvious to Hat, or arose by necessary implication from something
visible to the eye. In this regard, the Ngs are right not to run an argument
based on this ground.

Whether Hat knew of the defect in title through the due diligence report

43 Given that Hat had conducted due diligence but did not object to the
transfer of title to Villa 2 to it, could it then be said that Hat knew and
had therefore accepted the defect? Hat highlights that the DD Report was a
“Land title due diligence report” as stated on its cover page and did not
concern itself with title to Villa 2. The DD Report seemingly suggested that
the Ngs owned Villa 2 as under the heading “Chronology of Ownership of the
Building”, it listed in detail the Construction Permit and the Assigned
Construction Permit. The DD Report’s scope recognised that it was made for the
purpose of the purchase of Villa 2. However, I note that no direct conclusion
was drawn with respect to Villa 2, especially in the “Summary” Chapter, and
that the title of the report suggested that it related only to the Land.

44 The defect here is that Sarot did not have good title and, therefore, had
nothing to transfer to Hat, despite the registration that took place on 23 May
2008. In this regard, it is not possible for me to hold that Hat knew of this
at the time of agreeing to the One-Step Process or registration of Villa 2.
The DD Report did not consider whether Sarot had title to Villa 2, and indeed,
did not have to so consider as T&G was only concerned with the Ngs’ title. At
the time Samuel agreed to the One-Step Process, as I found earlier, it was on
the basis that Sarot had good title based on the Construction Permit. Samuel
did not, at that time, proceed on the knowledge that Sarot had no good title
to transfer. As a result, I am unable to hold that Hat knew about the defect
at the time of the variation or transfer of title to Villa 2.

Whether Hat had accepted the defect in title

45 There remains the argument that Hat, through its conduct, had waived its
right to object to the defects in title, for example, by performing an act
that a prudent purchaser would not normally have until the seller has shown
good title (see _Emmet on Title_ (Sweet & Maxwell, Looseleaf Ed, 2010) at
paras 5.072-5.073). However, such acceptance of title will not be implied if
the purchaser had continued to insist upon his objections to title (see
_Burroughs v Oakley_ (1819) 3 Swanst 159).

46 _Bown v Stenson_ (1857) 24 Beav 631 is an example where such acceptance of
title was found. The purchaser there was contractually obliged to object to
title within a specific period, failing which title would be considered
accepted. The court found that the purchaser, after receiving the abstracts,
had not raised any objections, but instead, sought and obtained possession to
the property. Further, when asked by the seller’s solicitors for the draft
conveyance, the purchaser’s solicitors did not object to title and, instead,
promised part-payment of the purchase price. The court held (at p 636-637):

I am of the opinion that this was a waiver of all objections apparent upon the
abstracts delivered, _but it will not, it is true, bind him as to objections
to the title not appearing on those abstracts_ …. If [the purchaser] had said,
“I have since discovered such and such facts invalidating the title, of which
the abstract contains no information,” I should not compel him to complete the
purchase without having these objections removed. [emphasis added].

47 On the facts of the case here, there is no evidence that Hat had completed
registration of Villa 2 despite knowing that Sarot did not have good title to
Villa 2. Therefore, in my view, there is no basis to hold that Hat had, in
such circumstances, accepted or waived the defect in title.

Whether Hat is precluded from raising defect in title by the terms of the
Agreement

48 Clauses 2 and 3 of the Agreement outline the parties’ respective
obligations on the issue of title and they state:

2\. The title shall be free from encumbrances. The property is a leasehold and
is being sold “as is where is”.

3\. The Purchaser shall not require the delivery or production of any deeds or
documents not in the possession of the Vendor nor shall the Purchaser make any
requisition or objection in respect thereof.

49 Under cl 3 of the Agreement, Hat agreed not to require production of
documents that were not in the Ngs’ possession, and that it would not “make
any requisition or objection in respect thereof”. What then is the effect of
this clause? Did it preclude Hat from objecting to title? I am aware that this
argument was neither pleaded nor raised by the Ngs, but in the light of the
decision that I will make, the fact that it is not pleaded is no reason to
refrain from making the observations which follow. In _Re National Provincial
Bank of England and Marsh_ [1895] 1 Ch 190 (“ _Marsh_ ”), the court dealt with
a clause of a similar effect, which stated as follows:

The title shall commence with an indenture of conveyance on sale dated the
23rd January 1869, and _the prior title_ , whether appearing in any abstracted
document or not, shall not be required, investigated or objected to.

50 The purchasers subsequently discovered _aliunde_ that the seller’s title
was defective and sought to rescind the transaction. The court recognised that
there were two possible interpretations to such clauses, _viz_ (at p 193):

(a) the purchaser is precluded from making requisitions upon or inquiries from
the vendor as to the latter’s title, but does not prevent the purchaser from
showing that the vendor’s title is defective;

(b) the purchaser is precluded both from making requisitions upon or inquiries
from the vendor as to the latter’s title, and also from making any inquiry or
investigation to the vendor’s title anywhere.

51 On the facts of that case, the court found that there were other terms in
the contract to the effect that “title should not be inquired into”. As a
result, the only reasonable meaning of the term would be that inquiry was
“altogether precluded for every purpose”, and that the title was accepted by
the purchaser without objection or inquiry (at p 195). Significantly, in one
of the cases cited by the court, _viz_ , _Waddell v Wolfe_ (1874) 9 QB 515
(per Justice Blackburn), if the seller meant to express that the purchaser was
bound to accept whatever the title was, he would need to do so in clear and
unambiguous words (see _Marsh_ at p 198 and, further, the decision of Chan Sek
Keong JC in _Algemene Bank Nederland NV v Tan Chin Tiong_ [1985-1986] SLR(R)
1154 at [7]).

52 Here, I do not accept that Hat was precluded from raising any objection to
title by reason of cl 3 of the Agreement. Clause 3 simply provides that Hat
could not make any requisitions arising from documents not in the Ngs’
possession and object as a consequence – there is no language suggesting that
Hat is precluded from independently investigating the Ngs’ title. Indeed, cl 3
is silent about the issue of title. In addition, a term that Hat was so
precluded would contradict the obligation (which the Ngs admit to owing, see
[37] above) to give good title to Villa 2. As such, even if the Ngs had raised
this issue, I do not think that it would have assisted their case.

Argument based on Promissory Estoppel

53 The Ngs appear to argue that Hat is estopped from asserting that it
required them (the Ngs) to transfer good title, relying (especially) on the
e-mail sent by Samuel on 5 March 2008.[note: 96] In that e-mail, Samuel stated
that Hat was seeking ‘“title” of some “kind”’, and that if the Ngs were unable
to procure Sarot’s performance, they could transfer whatever they had to Hat,
and leave Sarot to Samuel’s “devices”. In short, the Ngs are arguing that even
if there was a mistake in using Sarot to procure the transfer of title to
Villa 2 under the One-Step Process, Hat would have been estopped from
requiring good title from the Ngs. It is trite principle that it is necessary
to show an unequivocal representation and reliance on the representation in
order to succeed under the doctrine of promissory estoppel (_Chitty on
Contracts_ (Beale gen ed) (Sweet & Maxwell, 2008, 30th Ed) (“ _Chitty on
Contracts_ ”) at para 3-086). Here, however, I do not think that Samuel had
made an unequivocal representation that Hat did not require good title. Samuel
had, as I mentioned earlier, premised his statements on the basis that Sarot
had title to Villa 2 (see [9] above). In my view, this showed that Samuel was
not, as the words read on their own might suggest, waiving Hat’s right to
receive good title to Villa 2.

54 Even if it was possible to construe the representation as unequivocal, the
other difficulty is that there is no evidence that the Ngs had relied on this
representation. Maria’s subsequent reply did not suggest that she had done
anything in reliance of the representation. Furthermore, I found it telling
that the Ngs did not make express mention to these representations made by
Samuel in their respective Affidavits of Evidence-in-Chief, and nothing was
said in cross-examination to suggest that they had relied on those
representations. As such, even assuming that the Ngs had properly pleaded the
ground of promissory estoppel, their claim would have failed on these grounds.

Whether the defects relied on by Hat were matters of conveyance

55 A defect is considered a matter of conveyance if it is removable as of
right by the seller (see _Emmet on Title_ at para 5.007). These have to be
acts that the seller can perform immediately and independently of others’
consent (_id_). I find it difficult to see how the defects alleged by Hat can
be considered a matter of conveyance. To support its contention, the Ngs
submitted that “there was no doubt that the Plaintiffs were the owners of
[Villa 2]”, but did not explain how they could remove the alleged defects as
of right or independently of others’ consent. I therefore dismiss this
unmeritorious aspect of the Ngs’ argument.

Whether Hat was concerned with good title to Villa 2

56 I will now deal with the Ngs’ submissions that Hat was not seeking to
receive good title to Villa 2, relying on the e-mails sent between Bolliger
and Samuel, especially Samuel’s responses (see above at [12] and [14]).[note:
97] I am of the view that these e-mails have little or no evidential value,
insofar they are relied on to show that there was no requirement under the
Agreement to transfer good title, as they would not have been probative of the
objective intentions of the parties since they were not sent or copied to the
Ngs at the time of the transaction (see generally _Zurich Insurance
(Singapore) Pte Ltd v B-Gold Interior Design & Construction Pte Ltd_ [2008] 3
SLR(R) 1029 at [131]). Similarly, given that these e-mails were not made known
to the Ngs, I do not think that it can be relied on to constitute any waiver,
estoppel or acceptance by Hat.

Who is to complete the transfer of Villa 2 now?

57 Hat’s case is that Southern Land has title to Villa 2. Its expert,
Pichitpon, takes the position that regardless of whether the Ngs ever held
title to Villa 2, at the time of the purported transfer of Villa 2 on 23 May
2008, Southern Land had and still has title to Villa 2.[note: 98] Hat adopts
the same view in its submissions.[note: 99] For this very reason, Hat contends
that the Ngs were remiss in their obligation to transfer good title to it, for
if the Ngs had no title to Villa 2, they could not procure any transfer of
good title to it (_ie_ , Hat). At this juncture, I must emphasize that I
cannot and do not make such a finding. Instead, I will consider the merits of
Hat’s defence and counterclaim, by taking (without deciding) its case at its
highest (_ie_ , that Southern Land has title to Villa 2).

58 As I mentioned earlier, the Ngs were under an obligation to transfer good
title to Villa 2 to Hat. The mode of performance originally contemplated by
the parties is enshrined under cl 9 of the Agreement, which states:

[The Ngs] shall (at the request of [Hat] and at no cost to [the Ngs]) execute
the usual Deed of Assignment in [Hat’s] favour. Provided that nothing herein
shall obliged [the Ngs] to participate in any claims or legal proceedings
against any party referred to in the Deed of Assignment.

In other words, both parties contemplated, at the time of entering into the
Agreement, an _assignment_ of the Ngs’ interest in the Property.

59 Insofar as the parties had originally contemplated that the transfer of
title to the Property was to be by way of an assignment, it is clear that the
intended mode of performance was subsequently varied by the parties. On 4
January 2008, Maria wrote to inform Samuel that Surasak, the Ngs’ Thai
lawyers, had advised that the registration of the Property be carried out in
two parts, _viz_ , the Land and Villa 2.[note: 100] Samuel knew that the
transfer would be bifurcated, as he was able to point out, subsequently on 20
January 2008, that the completion date may have to be pushed back due to the
requirement to post a notice for 30 days in respect of Villa 2.[note: 101]
Colin also gave unchallenged evidence to this effect.[note: 102] More
tellingly, on 1 February 2008, Samuel sent Maria an e-mail suggesting that
they meet up to “discuss an amendment to our [Agreement] which separates the
two transactions (Land and [Villa 2])”. An agreement on how the Property would
be transferred was eventually reached between the parties. On 5 February 2008,
T&G proceeded to inform Surasak (_ie_ , the Ngs’ Thai lawyers) that it was
preparing two separate documents, first for Hat to purchase Villa 2 from the
Ngs and, next, for Hat to register the lease for the Land with Southern Land.
T&G also asked Southern Land to prepare documents to register the lease and
superficies for the Land between Southern Land and Hat and stated that it
(Hat) was preparing a Land Lease Agreement (presumably to be entered into by
Southern Land and Hat).[note: 103] Those acts clearly evinced an intention to
transfer Villa 2 and the Land separately. Importantly, Samuel had agreed with
Maria’s statement that the parties agreed to split the payment into two parts,
with one payment being due when the Land was transferred and the other being
due when Villa 2 was transferred.[note: 104] It is therefore clear that the
parties had agreed to vary the mode of performance, such that the Property
would be transferred in two tranches, one for Villa 2 and another for the
Land.

60 Although the inspiration for the bifurcation came from Maria (on the advice
of her Thai lawyers), it is clear that Hat was the driving force in effecting
the bifurcation. As highlighted above (at [59]), Hat (through its Thai
lawyers) contacted Surasak (the Ngs’ Thai lawyers) and Southern Land to
complete the necessary documentation. More importantly, in the two e-mails
which T&G sent to Southern Land and Surasak (which I have already referred to
in the previous paragraph), T&G implicitly suggested that the 2001 Lease and
the superficies agreement entered into between the Ngs and Southern Land would
be cancelled, and that in its place, Hat would enter into and register a fresh
lease and superficies agreement with Southern Land.[note: 105] This was, in
substance, the procedure by which the transfer of title to the Land was
eventually effected on 7 March 2008 (see above at [10]), and no dispute arises
from this transfer of title to the Land.

61 It is noteworthy that the 2008 Land Lease confers a number of valuable
rights and imposes various obligations on Hat in respect of Villa 2, as
follow:

(a) Clause 4.3 – Hat was to maintain Villa 2 and to keep it in good condition
at its own expense;

(b) Clause 4.4 – Hat was entitled to make any additions, alterations,
modifications or improvements to Villa 2 without Southern Land’s prior
consent, subject to the law, with Southern Land agreeing to co-operate and
sign all documents necessary to obtain a permit to do the same;

(c) Clause 4.5 – Hat was to pay for the general utility charges;

(d) Clause 5.1 – Hat was entitled to sublet or transfer Villa 2 without
Southern Land’s consent;

(e) Clause 5.4 – Hat was entitled to insure Villa 2 throughout the term of the
lease and would be the beneficiary of the policy; and

(f) Clause 5.9 – Southern Land admitted that Hat owned and had the right to
deal with (including demolishing) “the building, structures, additions,
alterations, modification or improvements constructed or made on the [Land]”.

The 2008 Land Lease is in _pari materia_ with the 2001 Lease which the Ngs
obtained from Southern Land. In this regard, two points are noteworthy. First,
Hat effectively received, under the 2008 Land Lease, the _same_ rights that
the Ngs had _prior_ to 7 March 2008 (when the 2001 Lease was terminated). As
such, Hat stepped into the Ngs’ shoes on 7 March 2008 by entering into the
2008 Land Lease with Southern Land. Second, from the terms of the 2008 Land
Lease (which took effect from 7 March 2008), it is clear that Southern Land
had conferred on Hat a longer lease than the Ngs had prior to 7 March 2008 as
well as a number of valuable rights _in relation to Villa 2_ , rights which I
should add are typically conferred to the _owner_ of a building. Indeed,
Pichitpon agreed during cross-examination that by cll 5.1 and 5.9 of the 2008
Lease, Southern Land recognised Hat as the owner of Villa 2 and that Hat could
do whatever it wanted.[note: 106] However, the expert witnesses on Thai law
(_ie_ , Pichitpon and Supachai Arunthamsakul (Hat’s expert witnesses) and
Supasak Chirasavinuprapand (the Ngs’ expert witness)), all agree that cl 5.9,
by itself, did not confer legal ownership of Villa 2 on Hat. In other words,
Hat was the _de facto_ owner of Villa 2 and the only missing step towards Hat
obtaining “good title” to Villa 2 would be the proper registration of a
standard form sale and purchase agreement transferring title to Villa 2 into
Hat’s name, as required by section 1299 of the Thai Civil and Commercial
Code.[note: 107]

62 At this juncture, again taking (without deciding) Hat’s defence at its
highest, if Southern Land was indeed the legal owner of Villa 2, it would
follow that the key to the present dispute was the mistake made by the parties
in purporting to transfer good title to Villa 2 using Sarot and his
Construction Permit (be it through the One-Step Process or the Two-Step
Process). It follows that what ought to have been done on 7 March 2008 was for
Southern Land to execute a standard form sale and purchase agreement in
respect of Villa 2 and to thereafter register the same at the Phuket Land
Office in order to transfer title to Hat.

63 From that analysis, the next question which arises is: on whom should the
responsibility of procuring the registration of the agreement to purchase
Villa 2 by Hat from Southern Land rest? In my view, this obligation would fall
squarely on Hat for the following reasons. Before entering into the 2008 Land
Lease, it is clear that Hat was the driving force behind procuring the
transfer of title to the Land and Villa 2, having sent out various e-mails
seeking the relevant stakeholders to do the necessary. Once the 2001 Lease was
terminated (_ie_ , on 7 March 2008), the Ngs no longer had any contractual
nexus with Southern Land. (There is no suggestion that Thai law is different
from Singapore law.) It could not compel Southern Land to register title to
Villa 2 in Hat’s name. Such power would have been vested in Hat by virtue of
the 2008 Land Lease, which, as I have observed, conferred important rights and
obligations, vis-à-vis Villa 2, on Hat. It should be noted that this
arrangement (to cancel the 2001 Lease and execute the 2008 Land Lease) was
suggested and put into practice by Hat and its lawyers. With the benefit of
legal advice, Hat should or ought to have known that the implication of asking
the Ngs to terminate the 2001 Lease and entering into a fresh lease with
Southern Land (_ie_ , the 2008 Land Lease) would have been that the Ngs were
no longer in the position to ask Southern Land to register title to Villa 2 in
Hat’s name. Hat itself had recognised that it could ask Southern Land to
transfer title to Villa 2 if the One-Step Process failed (see [14] above).
Having agreed to vary the mode of performing the Agreement to such an extent,
it could not now turn the tables against Ngs and accuse the Ngs of being in
breach of their obligation to confer good title, when Hat was the party that
had not sought out Southern Land to effect transfer of title to Villa 2. Quite
plainly, the Ngs had given Hat all the rights they had, and Hat was happy to
receive these rights, knowing (objectively speaking) that by this process, all
that remained was registration of title to Villa 2 with Southern Land which
only it (_ie_ , Hat), and not the Ngs, could effect.

64 I must also point out that Hat had done various acts which were consistent
with that of the owner of Villa 2. First, it entered into possession of Villa
2, as it had collected the keys to Villa 2 from Maria on 3rd June 2008.[note:
108] Furthermore, Hat paid for various utility charges in respect of Villa 2
from 1 April 2008 onwards (see [11] above).[note: 109] Again, these acts only
serve to illustrate that Hat was happy to receive rights to Villa 2 under the
2008 Land Lease and that it had regarded itself as the _de facto_ owner to
Villa 2.

65 For the above reasons, it seems to me that Hat has no case against the Ngs
for breach of contract assuming one accepts its case at its highest.

66 Even if, for the sake of argument, it was the Ngs who were in breach of
contract, I do not see how the remedy of specific performance, which Hat is
seeking, would be available. Where a person has agreed to sell land which he
does not own, the court will not compel the purported owner to convey such
land to him because it would be impossible for the purported owner to do so
(see _Chitty on Contracts_ at para 27-041 and _The Law of Contract_ (Edwin
Peel gen ed) (Sweet & Maxwell, 12th Ed, 2007) at para 21-033). As such, if
Southern Land is the party with title to Villa 2 (as Hat contends), it would
necessarily follow that the Ngs do not have title to Villa 2, and for this
reason, no decree of specific performance can be made in Hat’s favour against
the Ngs. On the other hand, if the Ngs had not been in breach of contract and
the obligation to secure registration of title to Villa 2 resided with Hat, it
would seem to me, to the contrary, that the order for specific performance
ought to be made in the Ngs’ favour against Hat, given (for the above reasons)
that Hat was the only party that could procure such registration from Southern
Land.

Conclusion

67 Having reached the conclusion that the dispute on title is non-justiciable
on grounds of the _Mocambique_ principle, the normal course would be for me to
dismiss the action. However, I note that the circumstances of the present case
are exceptional. Both parties had submitted, wrongly as I have concluded, that
the _Mocambique_ principle would not infect the present proceedings. In my
view, resolution of the core dispute on title depends on a determination of
Thai law by the Thai courts, and this court ought not to treat these questions
of Thai law as questions of fact to be resolved based on the experts’ evidence
(see also [37] above). Looking back to the time of the trial, the issues
before me were not properly crystallised so much so that much time and effort
were expanded by both parties in advancing and/or defending their respective
cases. In addition, for the reasons explained above, it seems to me that even
if I accept Hat’s case on the issue of title (a finding which I do not and
cannot make), Hat would still not have succeeded against the Ngs for the
alleged breach of their contractual obligation to give good title.

68 Given the special circumstances as described, I propose to and do order a
stay of the present action for the parties to sort out the fundamental issues
relating to title, such that the _Mocambique_ principle is not offended and
only the contractual issues remain alive before this court. In this regard,
the parties are to do the needful without any unnecessary delay. Having heard
the diametrically opposed views held by the parties, they will probably need
to obtain a conclusive ruling from the Thai courts as to whether Hat had
received good title to Villa 2 through the One-Step Process, be it (_inter
alia_) a consequence of the Ngs (or even Sarot) being able to give good title
and/or of Southern Land’s involvement during the registration process which
was after the 2008 Land Lease had been registered, giving Hat _de facto_
ownership of Villa 2. Once a ruling from the Thai courts is obtained, this
court will be placed in a position to determine the contractual rights or
obligations of each party (including the claim against Bolliger). Meanwhile,
the money which Hat has paid into court will remain there.

69 There is, of course, a second and (in my view) more straightforward
alternative that the parties may wish to consider for pragmatic reasons. Since
Hat’s case is that Southern Land had title to Villa 2, and that Southern Land
ought to have transferred title to Villa 2 to it, it seems to me that Hat is
in the position to do exactly that. In fact, Southern Land had throughout the
dispute been co-operative, which is a stance consistent with there being no
adverse claim to Villa 2 by Southern Land. Hat’s expert witnesses testified
that this allegedly defective registration (from Sarot) can be removed in one
of two ways: either by applying to the Director-General of the Phuket Land
Office or by obtaining a court order. They also testified that either Hat, the
Ngs or even Southern Land could submit an application to the Director-General,
and that the process would take approximately six months.[note: 110] The Ngs,
apart from asserting that Pichitpon had never made such an application to the
Director-General before, did not meaningfully challenge this aspect of Hat’s
witnesses’ evidence.[note: 111] As such, either the Ngs or Hat could cancel
the title Hat obtained through the One-Step Process. Hat and Southern Land by
reason of the 2008 Land Lease could thereafter register a sale and purchase of
Villa 2 to confer title to Villa 2 in Hat’s name. Indeed, this may be the more
practicable solution to resolving the dispute between the parties. To this
end, it is hoped that the parties can take a practical view towards resolving
this case, as neither will gain from remaining in this impasse caused by the
application of the _Mocambique_ principle. If there are any remaining issues
which may arise if this pragmatic suggestion is taken up, for example, as to
who should bear the cost of such cancellation, they can come back to court to
resolve such ancillary disputes (provided that it does not offend the
_Mocambique_ principle).

70 In this judgment, the contractual issues between the Ngs and Hat, including
the claim against Bolliger, are reserved pending the outcome of the stay order
which takes effect from the date of this judgment until further order.

* * *

[note: 1]2AB 342

[note: 2]1AB 63

[note: 3]Colin’s AEIC at p 14

[note: 4]1AB 93 - 135

[note: 5]1AB 137

[note: 6]DCS at para 15

[note: 7]1AB 16

[note: 8]1AB 157&158; Pichitpon’s AEIC at exhibit “PE-2” at [11]; Transcripts
of Evidence dated 23 September 2009 at pp 96-97

[note: 9]Transcripts of Evidence dated 10 September 2009 at p11

[note: 10]2AB 252-254

[note: 11]1AB 255-257

[note: 12]1AB 264-268.

[note: 13]1AB 268

[note: 14]Exhibit P4 at p 28

[note: 15]1AB 274

[note: 16]2AB 371

[note: 17]2AB 390; Samuel’s AEIC at Tab SC-26

[note: 18]2AB 390

[note: 19]2AB 373

[note: 20]2AB 385

[note: 21]2AB 381

[note: 22]2AB 389

[note: 23]2AB 411

[note: 24]2AB 414

[note: 25]2AB 417

[note: 26]2AB 424

[note: 27]Plaintiffs’ Exhibit P7

[note: 28]2AB 460-462

[note: 29]2AB 404 and 408

[note: 30]3AB 639

[note: 31]2AB 432; Sarot’s AEIC at [16]

[note: 32]2AB 453 and 504

[note: 33]2AB 464-465

[note: 34]2AB 564-565; 3AB 611

[note: 35]2AB 464

[note: 36]2AB 464, 472 and 477

[note: 37]2AB 479

[note: 38]2AB 487

[note: 39]2AB 494

[note: 40]2AB 497

[note: 41]2AB 506

[note: 42]2AB 529, 531 and 540

[note: 43]2AB 543

[note: 44]2AB 506

[note: 45]2AB 545

[note: 46]2AB 548

[note: 47]2AB 560

[note: 48]2AB 575

[note: 49]2AB 563

[note: 50]2AB 578 and 580

[note: 51]2AB 581

[note: 52]2AB 584

[note: 53]2AB 586

[note: 54]2AB 587 and 589

[note: 55]2AB 592-594

[note: 56]3AB 639

[note: 57]3AB 644-645

[note: 58]3AB 668, 672 and 676

[note: 59]3AB 692

[note: 60]3AB 693

[note: 61]Samuel’s AEIC at [76]; Maria’s AEIC at [21]; 3AB 726

[note: 62]3AB 695

[note: 63]3AB 697-700

[note: 64]3AB 720

[note: 65]Maria’s AEIC, Tab 3 at p 323

[note: 66]Maria’s AEIC, Tab 3 at pp 336, 338 and 383

[note: 67]3AB 732

[note: 68]3AB 730

[note: 69]Plaintiffs’ Exhibit P1

[note: 70]Statement of Claim (Amendment No 1) at para 7.4.1(i)

[note: 71]Statement of Claim (Amendment No 1) at para 7.4.5

[note: 72]Statement of Claim (Amendment No 1) at para 12

[note: 73]Defence and Counterclaim (Amendment No 1) at para 5(3)

[note: 74]Defence and Counterclaim (Amendment No 1) at paras 8(5) and 10

[note: 75]Defence and Counterclaim (Amendment No 1) at para 11

[note: 76]Defence and Counterclaim (Amendment No 1) at para 14(1)

[note: 77]Defence and Counterclaim (Amendment No 1) at para 23

[note: 78]Defence and Counterclaim (Amendment No 1) at para 23; Transcripts of
Evidence dated 1 October 2009 at pp 81-82

[note: 79]Defence and Counterclaim (1st Amendment) at para 8(5)(c)

[note: 80]Further and Better Particulars dated 8 August 2008 at para 2 (Bundle
of Pleadings at p 46); Further and Better Particulars dated 21 August 2008 at
para 1 (Bundle of Pleadings at p 63); Further and Better Particulars dated 11
September 2008 at para 2 (Bundle of Pleadings at p 72)

[note: 81]Transcripts of Evidence dated 22 September 2009 at pp 51-52

[note: 82]Defendants’ Closing Submissions at paras 239, 242, 244-246, 288

[note: 83]3AB 747; Colin’s AEIC at [77]; Maria’s AEIC at [37]

[note: 84]2AB 602

[note: 85]2AB 677

[note: 86]3AB 720, 722

[note: 87]Reply at para 4.5.2 (page 121 of Setting Down Bundle); 2AB 382 (at
para 8)

[note: 88]3AB 641

[note: 89]Transcripts of Evidence dated 10 September 2009 at pp 7, 14 and 19

[note: 90]Plaintiffs’ Closing Submissions at para 577

[note: 91]Supasak Chirasavinuprapand’s Supplementary AEIC filed 11 September
2009 at pp 26- 29

[note: 92]Plaintiffs’ Closing Submissions at para 349

[note: 93]Pichitpon’s AEIC at Exhibit “PE-2” at [71] and Annex X

[note: 94]Tanscripts of Evidence dated 23 September 2009 at p 2

[note: 95]Plaintiffs’ Closing Submissions at para 586

[note: 96]2AB 385

[note: 97]Plaintiffs’ Closing Submissions at 298-328

[note: 98]See Pichitpon’s AEIC, Exhibit “PE-2” at [81]-[82]

[note: 99]Defendant’s Closing Submissions at paras 38(2), 181, 193, 209

[note: 100]1AB 268

[note: 101]1AB 275

[note: 102]Colin’s AEIC at [23(1)]

[note: 103]2AB 312

[note: 104]2AB 328

[note: 105]2AB 309

[note: 106]Transcripts of Evidence dated 28 September 2009 at p 158,
Transcripts of Evidence dated 30 September 2009 at p 33

[note: 107]Transcripts of Evidence dated 28 September 2009 at pp 4-6 and
47-48; Transcripts of Evidence dated 30 September 2009 at pp 33 and 51;
Transcripts of Evidence dated 23 September 2009 at pp 25-26; Transcripts of
Evidence dated 25 September 2009 at pp 91-92; Transcripts of Evidence dated 30
September 2009 at p 136

[note: 108]3AB 680

[note: 109]2AB 476, 519-521, 565, 3AB 605-619, 621 and 686

[note: 110]Transcripts of Evidence dated 28 September 2009 at pp 49-52;
Transcripts of Evidence dated 30 September 2009 at pp 137-139

[note: 111]Transcripts of Evidence dated 30 September 2009 at pp 56-58

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 03 Aug 2010 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

