Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Chan Choy Kheng _v_ Wong Kin Wah  
[2010] SGHC 137

Case Number| :| Divorce (T) No 494 of 2008  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 04 May 2010  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Choo Han Teck J  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Loh Wai Mooi (Bih Li & Lee) for the plaintiff; Geralyn
Danker (Veritas Law Corporation) for the defendant.  
Parties| :|  Chan Choy Kheng — Wong Kin Wah  
  
4 May 2010| Judgment reserved.  
---|---  
  
Choo Han Teck J:

1 The plaintiff (wife) married the defendant (husband) on 28 March 1987. The
marriage was ended by an interim judgment in the plaintiff’s favour on 14
November 2008. The defendant is 54 years old and the plaintiff is 52 years
old. They consented to the orders made on 31 March 2009 in respect of the
ancillary issues except the question of the division of matrimonial assets and
maintenance for the plaintiff and three of the four children. These are the
issues now before me.

2 The plaintiff is a human resource manager by occupation and the defendant is
a finance manager. They owned an executive Housing and Development Board
(“HDB”) flat (“the flat”) which they purchased in 1990 for $144,300. They
obtained a loan of $116,200 from the HDB, of which a sum of $36,851 was still
owing as at 22 February 2009. The estimated current value of the flat is
$495,000.

3 Ms Loh, counsel for the plaintiff submitted that the plaintiff contributed
$173,336 towards the cost of the purchase and renovation of the flat, and of
which sum, $18,836 was from her Central Provident Fund (“CPF”) account. Her
total contribution was thus 40%. Whereas, the defendant contributed $256,205
(60%) of which $210,594 was from his CPF.

4 The plaintiff’s disclosed assets included insurance policies and shares,
which together with money in cash, savings in banks and the CPF, and
jewellery, amounted to $506,777. The defendant’s disclosed assets amounted to
$963,020. The plaintiff claimed that the defendant had wilfully concealed some
of his assets and despite requests to disclose, he had not produced various
documents. These included bank statements and documents of title in respect of
real property in the Philippines which were purchased for the parties’ former
maid, “Mary Jane”. The defendant denied that the property was for the maid and
that it was his but held by the maid on trust for him since he was a
foreigner. However, the defendant claimed that the maid has since sold the
property and he is now unable to contact her to recover the sale proceeds. In
this regard, I find the defendant has concealed some facts. The defendant is a
member of Western Union (a remittance agency) and earns five points for each
remittance mode. The evidence that he had earned 60 Western Union points as at
3 February 2009 showed that the defendant had probably made 12 remittances. As
at 10 December 2009, he had earned 125 Western Union points suggesting that he
made 13 more remittances. This contradicted his affidavit in which he declared
that he had not sent any more money to the maid after 3 February 2009. The
remittances disclosed concerned money sent to another maid “Elena Denila”. Ms
Danker, counsel for the defendant submitted that the defendant’s assets other
than the flat amounted to only $885,071.86.

5 I am of the view that the defendant had probably failed to disclose some of
his assets. Having regard to the facts and circumstances, a fair division
would be to order the flat to be sold and the net proceeds after payment of
CPF and loans, divided equally. I also find that the total of the other assets
to be $1,469,797.43. I accept that this is not an accurate figure although it
is a precise sum. That is because I find that the defendant had concealed some
of his assets. Consequently, I will order that the plaintiff be given a larger
share of the assets (other than the flat) and in the apportionment of 70% to
the plaintiff and 30% to the defendant.

6 In respect of maintenance, the defendant has care and control of the first
child, a son born on 16 May 1989. He is claiming $800 in maintenance from the
plaintiff for this child. The plaintiff has care and control of the two
daughters born on 3 November 1992 and 6 October 1995 respectively. The fourth
child was not born from the marriage and is being maintained solely by the
plaintiff.

7 I am of the view that the plaintiff has to share in the maintenance of the
first child through his tertiary education, but I am of the view that the
amount should be $300 a month with liberty to either party to apply. As to the
maintenance of the daughters I am of the view that the defendant should be
ordered to contribute $1,600 a month to them jointly.

8 The plaintiff claims a lump sum payment, alternatively, a monthly sum of
$1,500 for herself as maintenance. I am of the view that a sum of $1,000 would
be more reasonable.

9 I thus order that —

a.

The matrimonial flat be sold and the net proceeds after payment of expenses,
loans and CPF contributions, be divided equally.

b.

The remainder of the matrimonial assets determined at $1,469,797.43 be divided
in the proportion of 70:30 in favour of the plaintiff.

c.

The plaintiff contributes $300 to the maintenance of the first child.

d.

The defendant contributes a sum of $1,600 to the maintenance of the second and
third child jointly.

e.

The defendant contributes a sum of $1,000 towards the maintenance of the
plaintiff.

f.

There be liberty to apply.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 04 May 2010 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

