Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  JIO Minerals FZC and others _v_ Mineral Enterprises Ltd  
[2010] SGCA 41

Case Number| :| Civil Appeal No 72 of 2010  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 11 November 2010  
Tribunal/Court| :| Court of Appeal  
Coram| :|  Chao Hick Tin JA; Andrew Phang Boon Leong JA  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Cavinder Bull SC, Gerui Lim, Adam Maniam (Drew & Napier
LLC) for the appellants; Gan Kam Yuin (Bih Li & Lee) for the respondent.  
Parties| :|  JIO Minerals FZC and others — Mineral Enterprises Ltd  
  
[LawNet Editorial Note: This was an appeal from the decision of the High Court
in [2010] SGHC 109.]

11 November 2010|  
---|---  
  
Andrew Phang Boon Leong JA (delivering the grounds of decision of the court):

Introduction and facts

1 This was an appeal against the decision of the High Court judge (“the
Judge”) who had refused to grant the defendants a stay of the action brought
against them by the plaintiff (see _Mineral Enterprises Ltd v JIO Minerals FZC
and others_ [2010] SGHC 109).

2 Dissatisfied with the decision of the Judge, the defendants appealed. After
hearing counsel, we allowed the appeal. We now give the detailed grounds for
our decision.

The Parties

3 Mineral Enterprises Ltd (“the Respondent”) is the plaintiff. It is an Indian
company with expertise in mining and marketing iron ore in India and
internationally. The Respondent has projects in Indonesia which are
coordinated by its Mining and Operations Manager, Joseph Cyriac (“Cyriac”).

4 JIO Minerals FZC (“the First Appellant”) is a company incorporated in the
United Arab Emirates (“UAE”) and was set up by Jimmy Singh (“the Second
Appellant”) and Raman Srinivasan (“the Third Appellant”). The First, Second
and Third Appellants are the defendants and we will refer to them collectively
as “the Appellants”. The Second Appellant is the President and Director of an
Indonesian company known as PT JIO Energi Resources (“PT JIO”). The Second
Appellant is also a commercial licensee and manager of the First Appellant. PT
JIO owns iron ore mining concessions in 12 hectares of land in Pelaihari,
Kalimantan (“the Pelaihari Concession”).

5 The Third Appellant is a commercial licensee of the First Appellant.
Although it was suggested that the Third Appellant had control over PT JIO,
together with the Second Appellant, the exact nature of the Third Appellant’s
association with PT JIO was not addressed by the parties.

Initial Meetings in Indonesia

6 Cyriac met the Second and Third Appellants in Indonesia around August 2005.
At this first meeting, Cyriac told the Second and Third Appellants that the
Respondent was interested in mining iron ore in Indonesia. The Second and
Third Appellants told Cyriac that a company that they controlled, PT JIO, had
mining concessions in Pelaihari, Kalimantan.

7 Cyriac later visited the Pelaihari Concession. The outcome of this visit is
disputed. The Appellants’ version is that Cyriac assessed that the Pelaihari
Concession contained approximately 300,000 to 500,000 tonnes of iron ore and
that Cyriac communicated this assessment to the Respondent’s directors. The
Respondent’s version was that Cyriac did not explore the Pelaihari Concession
because the Appellants did not provide sufficient facilities and logistical
arrangements for Cyriac to do so.

The Singapore Joint Venture

8 On 7 April 2006, the Respondent entered into a joint venture agreement (“the
Singapore JVA”) with JIO Corporation Pte Ltd (“JIO Singapore”), a Singapore
company. The Second Appellant was the majority shareholder and a director of
JIO Singapore.

9 The Singapore JVA provided for the incorporation of a joint venture company
in Singapore. JIO Singapore was to procure marketing rights over at least 1
million tonnes of iron ore from Indonesia for the joint venture company. The
Respondent and JIO Singapore were to have an equal number of shares in the
joint venture company.

10 The Singapore JVA stipulated Singapore law as its governing law and
included both a Singapore International Arbitration Centre arbitration clause
and a forum selection clause for the Singapore courts.

11 After an amendment on 9 May 2006 to the Singapore JVA’s payment provisions,
the Singapore JVA was, however, not pursued further. The Respondent’s
director, H R Jain, deposed in his affidavit dated 18 January 2010 that the
Singapore JVA was not pursued because of “the more advantageous income tax
benefits” of forming the joint venture vehicle in the UAE instead.

12 JIO Singapore was struck off the register of companies in Singapore on 4
July 2008.

Visits to the Tanah Bumbu Concession

13 From February to August 2006, the Respondent’s representatives visited a
mining concession in Tanah Bumbu, Kalimantan (the “Tanah Bumbu Concession”).

14 The Second Appellant deposed in his affidavit dated 23 November 2009 that
two representatives of the local government in charge of the Tanah Bumbu
Concession were aware of these visits by the Respondent’s representatives.

The Exclusive Mining Agreement

15 On 2 August 2006, the UAE Government of Ajman issued a commercial license
to the First Appellant. Shortly thereafter, on 7 August 2006, the First
Appellant entered into an agreement with PT JIO. This agreement was termed an
“Exclusive Irrevocable Exploration, Exploitation, Mining and Marketing
Agreement” (“the Exclusive Mining Agreement”). Under the Exclusive Mining
Agreement, PT JIO appointed the First Appellant as “its sole and exclusive
international agent with irrevocable rights of exploration, exploitation,
mining and marketing of Iron Ore Concession [_sic_]”. The Exclusive Mining
Agreement did not define the term “Iron Ore Concession”.

16 Under Article 5.1 of the Exclusive Mining Agreement, however, PT JIO
represented that it had iron ore concessions with an estimated reserve of 1
million tonnes of “+65 Fe iron ore”.

17 The Exclusive Mining Agreement selected the laws of Ajman, UAE, as its
governing law. The Exclusive Mining Agreement provided for disputes in
connection with it to be resolved “under the rules of the UAE International
Arbitration [_sic_]”.

18 On 7 September 2006, PT JIO sent the Respondent a copy of the Exclusive
Mining Agreement via email. PT JIO sent the copy from Indonesia and the copy
was received by the Respondent in India.

Meetings in Indonesia

19 The Respondent’s representatives had meetings and negotiations with the
Second and Third Appellants in Indonesia in or around August 2006. The outcome
of the meetings is material to the dispute between the parties.

20 According to the Appellants, the Respondent and the Appellants had agreed
that the Pelaihari Concession was to be used as a “pilot project”. The
Appellants further allege that the parties agreed that the Appellants would
procure mining concessions with iron ore deposits of 1 million tonnes. In
procuring these iron ore deposits, the Appellants were _not_ to be limited to
the Pelaihari Concession.

21 According to the Respondent, the outcome of the meetings was that the
Respondent was to be given a first right of refusal for all other concessions
that the Appellants held and that the Pelaihari Concession was to be the first
project for the parties. The Respondent further alleged that the Appellants
assured it at the meetings that they had control over the Tanah Bumbu
Concession and could bring that concession within the scope of the joint
venture that the parties intended to enter.

The Letter of Offer

22 On 7 September 2006, the First Appellant sent a letter of offer to the
Respondent (“the Letter of Offer”). The Second Appellant signed the Letter of
Offer.

23 The material terms of the Letter of Offer were as follows:

(a) The First Appellant offered the Respondent 50% shareholding in the First
Appellant.

(b) The First Appellant represented that it “has a high grade iron ore reserve
of 1 million tones [_sic_]”.

24 The Letter of Offer was sent from Indonesia. The Respondent received the
Letter of Offer in India.

Cyriac’s Assessment of the Tanah Bumbu Concession

25 Cyriac visited the Tanah Bumbu Concession around the time when the First
Appellant sent the Letter of Offer to the Respondent. After the visit, Cyriac
made a written report (“the Cyriac Report”) that stated that the Tanah Bumbu
Concession had approximately 5 to 6 million tonnes of iron ore deposits. The
Cyriac Report was dated 14 September 2006.

26 The Appellants argued that the Respondent only accepted the Letter of Offer
after it received the Cyriac Report. In contrast, the Respondent argued that
it was not aware of the contents of the Cyriac Report before it accepted the
Letter of Offer.

Payment of Consideration

27 The Respondent accepted the offer in the Letter of Offer by paying the
requisite consideration (“the Investment Funds”) to the bank accounts of the
Second and Third Appellants in Singapore on 27 September 2006. We will refer
to the resulting contract between the parties as the “Investment Agreement”.

28 The Second and Third Appellants then transferred 30 and 20 shares,
respectively, in the First Appellant to the Respondent.

The Respondent’s drilling activities at the Pelaihari Concession

29 The Respondent started drilling at the Pelaihari Concession some time after
the Investment Agreement was concluded. The exact date when the Respondent’s
drilling commenced and the extent of the Respondent’s drilling activities are,
however, disputed.

30 The Appellants alleged that the Respondent’s drilling activities were
insufficient for it to form a firm view on the amount of iron ore deposits in
the Pelaihari Concession. The Appellants alleged that representatives of the
local government in charge of the Pelaihari Concession witnessed the
Respondent’s drilling activities and would be able to give evidence on those
activities.

Partial Repayment of the Investment Funds

31 The Appellants returned the Respondent a sum of US$699,000. The purpose of
this repayment is disputed.

32 The Appellants argued that the sum was returned because they felt that they
had no choice but to return the unutilised portion of the Investment Funds
because the Respondent was not going to restart drilling. The Appellants
further argued that they did not agree to return the balance of the Investment
Funds.

33 The Respondent alleged that the Appellants returned that sum because they
admitted that the Pelaihari Concession did not contain sufficient deposits.
The Respondent also argued that the Appellants promised to return the balance
of the Investment Funds.

The Claim

34 On 19 February 2009, the Respondent commenced proceedings against the
Appellants in the Singapore High Court for, _inter alia_ :

(a) a declaration that the Respondent had validly rescinded the Investment
Agreement;

(b) the return of the balance of the Investment Funds (amounting to
US$1,028,695);

(c) damages to be assessed; and

(d) further or alternatively, damages for fraudulent misrepresentation or
misrepresentation under the Misrepresentation Act (Cap 390, 1994 Rev Ed) (“the
Misrepresentation Act”).

The decision below

35 The Judge allowed the Respondent’s appeal from the Assistant Registrar’s
decision to stay the action on the ground of _forum non conveniens_.

36 The Judge’s reasons for holding that Singapore was not _forum non
conveniens_ were as follows:

(a) The only legally significant geographical connections that the dispute had
with Indonesia were: (i) the location of the concessions in Indonesia; and
(ii) the Indonesian residency of the Second Appellant, who, in the Judge’s
opinion, was the “directing mind behind the corporate structures and
documentation”.

(b) The Appellants did not raise a compelling argument that the Investment
Agreement was governed by Indonesian law. Rather, reasonable persons in the
position of the parties would not have concluded that Indonesian law should
govern the Investment Agreement, given that: (i) the Exclusive Mining
Agreement was governed by UAE law; and (ii) the Singapore JVA was governed by
Singapore law.

(c) The Appellants’ arguments on the law governing the alternative tort claims
did not present “insurmountable obstacles”.

(d) The Appellants were not able to show that the evidence of two Indonesian
witnesses who allegedly witnessed the extent of the Respondent’s drilling
operations would be material. The Appellants also failed to show whether these
witnesses would be available or whether other witnesses would be able to
provide the same evidence.

(e) On the whole, the Appellants had failed to demonstrate the presence of
another more appropriate forum for the dispute.

The issue

37 The sole issue on appeal was whether the Respondent’s action should be
stayed on the ground of _forum non conveniens_. In particular, we were
concerned with whether or not Indonesia was a clearly or distinctly more
appropriate forum than Singapore for the hearing of the dispute between the
parties.

The applicable legal principles

The approach in _Spiliada_

38 The general principles to be applied in the context of the present appeal
are well-established and may be traced back to the seminal House of Lords
decision of _Spiliada Maritime Corporation v Cansulex Ltd_ [1987] AC 460 (“
_Spiliada_ ”). Indeed, the principles set out in _Spiliada_ have been approved
and applied a great many times by the Singapore courts. The applicable
principles were recently summarised in the decision of this court in _CIMB
Bank Bhd v Dresdner Kleinwort Ltd_ [2008] 4 SLR(R) 543 (“ _CIMB Bank_ ”), as
follows (at [25]–[26]):

25 The _locus classicus_ on the question of when a stay would be granted on
the basis of _forum non conveniens_ is _Spiliada Maritime Corporation v
Cansulex Ltd_ [1987] AC 460 (“ _Spiliada_ ”), a decision of the House of Lords
where Lord Goff of Chieveley, in delivering the leading judgment, laid down
certain guiding principles (at 476-478) for determining the question of _forum
non conveniens_ (“the _Spiliada_ test”). Those principles have been adopted by
this court in several cases such as _Brinkerhoff Maritime Drilling Corp v PT
Airfast Services Indonesia_ [1992] 2 SLR(R) 345, _Eng Liat Kiang v Eng Bak
Hern_ [1995] 2 SLR(R) 851, _PT Hutan Domas Raya v Yue Xiu Enterprises_
(_Holdings_) _Ltd_ [2001] 1 SLR(R) 104 and _Rickshaw Investments Ltd v Nicolai
Baron von Uexkull_ [2007] 1 SLR(R) 377 (“ _Rickshaw Investments_ ”).

26 The gist of these principles is that, under the doctrine of _forum non
conveniens_ , a stay will only be granted where the court is satisfied that
there is some other available and more appropriate forum for the trial of the
action. The burden of establishing this rests on the defendant and it is not
enough just to show that Singapore is not the natural or appropriate forum.
The defendant must also establish that there is another available forum which
is clearly or distinctly more appropriate than Singapore. The natural forum is
one with which the action has the most real and substantial connection. In
this regard, the factors which the court will take into consideration include
not only factors affecting convenience or expense (such as the availability of
witnesses) but also other factors such as the law governing the transaction
and the places where the parties respectively reside or carry on business. If
the court concludes, at this stage of the inquiry (“stage one of the
_Spiliada_ test”), that there is no other available forum which is clearly
more appropriate for the trial of the action, it will ordinarily refuse a
stay. If, at this stage, it concludes that there is some other available forum
which _prima facie_ is clearly more appropriate for the trial of the action,
it will ordinarily grant a stay, unless there are circumstances by reason of
which justice requires that a stay should nevertheless be refused. In this
connection, the court will consider all the circumstances of the case. For
this second stage inquiry (“stage two of the _Spiliada_ test”), the legal
burden is on the plaintiff to establish the existence of those special
circumstances.

39 We will, in fact, proceed to analyse the facts of the present appeal in
accordance with the two stages enunciated in _Spiliada_ and, consistent with
the terminology adopted in _CIMB Bank_ , will refer to each stage as “stage
one of the _Spiliada_ test” and “stage two of the _Spiliada_ test”,
respectively.

40 It is worth noting that a decision on whether to grant a stay of
proceedings is, ultimately, a discretionary one. The discretionary nature of
the determination necessarily limits the role of an appellate court; as this
court has observed in _CIMB Bank_ (at [84]):

It is clear that in determining whether or not to grant a stay of proceedings,
the judge will be exercising a discretion. Such an exercise of discretion
should not be interfered with by an appellate court unless the judge had
misdirected himself on a matter of principle, or he had taken into account
matters which he ought not to have taken into account or had failed to take
into account matters which he ought to have taken into account, or his
decision is plainly wrong (see _The Abidin Daver_ [1984] AC 398 at 420 _per_
Lord Brandon of Oakbrook).

Factors to consider under stage one of the _Spiliada_ test

41 The courts will generally consider the relevant connecting factors at
_stage one_ of the _Spiliada_ test. Although the list of factors is obviously
not closed and much will depend upon the precise factual matrix concerned,
Prof Yeo Tiong Min has furnished some helpful guidance, as follows (see
_Halsbury’s Laws of Singapore – Conflict of Laws_ vol 6(2) (LexisNexis, 2009)
(“ _Halsbury’s Laws of Singapore_ ”) at para 75.090):

General connecting factors are considered at this stage. These include the
locations of the parties, relevant witnesses, facts, and evidence, and the
applicable law to the issues in dispute. As the search is for the forum that
is prima facie clearly more appropriate to try the case, it is important to
see what the case is about, and connections which have no or little bearing on
adjudication of the issues in dispute between the parties will carry little
weight. While there is a natural emphasis on the minimisation of expense and
inconvenience of trial at this stage, it should be borne in mind that the true
test is appropriateness.

At this stage, differences in legal systems are generally ignored. In general,
five types of connections may conveniently be identified, but they are not
exhaustive.

42 The learned author then proceeds to list the following “five types of
connections” which he states (and as also observed in the preceding paragraph)
“are not exhaustive” (and see generally the very helpful and perceptive
account of these factors in _Halsbury’s Laws of Singapore_ at paras
75.091–75.095):

(1)

Personal Connections

(2)

Connections to Events and Transactions

(3)

Governing Law

(4)

Other Proceedings

(5)

Shape of the Litigation

Stage two of the _Spiliada_ test

43 In so far as _stage two_ of the _Spiliada_ test is concerned, Prof Yeo
observes as follows (see _Halsbury’s Laws of Singapore_ at para 75.096):

In Stage Two, the court is primarily concerned with the question whether there
are circumstances by reason of justice why it should exercise its jurisdiction
even if it is not the prima facie natural forum. The ultimate question of
where the case should be heard for the interests of the parties and the ends
of justice must not be lost sight of. This part of the test requires all
circumstances to be taken into consideration, including factors already taken
into consideration in Stage One. The main consideration in Stage Two is
whether substantial justice can be obtained in the foreign _prima facie_
natural forum. The court of the forum needs to tread a fine balance between
justice to the parties and international comity. In considering this question,
the court will not pass judgment on the competence or independence of the
judiciary of another country, all the more so of a friendly foreign
country,and will assiduously avoid comparing the quality of justice obtainable
under its own legal system and the foreign legal system. It is not true that
the quality of foreign judiciary will never be questioned, but the court of
the forum will take a very cautious approach. The mere fact that the plaintiff
has a legitimate or juridical advantage in proceedings in Singapore will not
be decisive. The plaintiff must establish with cogent evidence that he will be
denied substantial justice if the case is not heard in the forum.

44 The learned author then proceeds to consider a number of related issues
under the following headings (and see generally (again) the very helpful and
perceptive account in _Halsbury’s Laws of Singapore_ at paras 75.097–75.101):

(1)

Denial of Substantial Justice

(2)

Contractual Choice of Law

(3)

Time Bar

(4)

Negative Declarations

(5)

Substantial Justice in the Forum

Australian approach not followed

45 Before proceeding to apply the principles just stated, it might be
appropriate to emphasise, once again, that the approach adopted in the
Singapore context may be _contrasted with_ that adopted in the _Australian_
context (consisting in what has been termed the “clearly inappropriate forum
test”, which is elaborated upon below). In so far as the present Australian
approach is concerned, it may, in fact, be traced back to the seminal High
Court of Australia decisions of _Oceanic Sun Line Special Shipping Co v Fay_
(1988) 165 CLR 197 (“ _Oceanic Sun_ ”) and _Voth v Manildra Flour Mills
Proprietary Limited_ (1990) 171 CLR 538 (“ _Voth_ ”). However, it should be
noted that the Singapore courts _rejected_ the Australian approach (in favour
of the approach in _Spiliada_) fairly early on. In the Singapore Court of
Appeal decision of _Eng Liat Kiang v Eng Bak Hern_ [1995] 2 SLR(R) 851, for
example, L P Thean JA, delivering the judgment of the court, observed thus (at
[24]–[25]):

24 Counsel for the appellant sought to set out the basis for the _Spiliada_
test and submitted that it was formulated at the time to prevent “forum
shopping” when the parties had little or no connection with the forum in which
the case was brought. On the strength of the Australian authorities counsel
submitted that the test in _Oceanic Sun_ and approved in _Voth_ should apply
and urged this court to depart from the principles enunciated in _Spiliada
Maritime Corp v Cansulex Ltd_.

25 On authority and on principle we cannot agree. _The Spiliada_ has been
considered and approved in _Brinkerhoff_ and we can see no reason for
departing from that authority. The underlying basis in this test is whether
the local court is clearly an appropriate forum or not and whether there is
another forum which is distinctly and clearly more appropriate. It has a more
liberal approach which cut down local parochialism as regards judicial
adjudication and attaches greater importance to consideration of international
comity.

46 It is notable that, whilst it was decided first, _Oceanic Sun_ was only a
bare majority decision of 3 to 2 in so far as the general approach to be
adopted was concerned (unlike the majority, both Wilson and Toohey JJ
preferred the test in _Spiliada_ and (not surprisingly) arrived at a different
decision on the facts). However, the judgments of the majority also raised a
number of uncertainties inasmuch as it could not be said that there was a
clear majority (amongst the majority judges in _Oceanic Sun_) in favour of
what is presently known as the “clearly inappropriate forum test” in the
Australian context. Indeed, this last-mentioned test was clearly set out in
the judgment by Deane J (at 247–248). However, only Gaudron J (albeit not
Brennan J) agreed with Deane J in this particular regard (at 266).

47 The “clearly inappropriate forum test” was, however, clearly endorsed in
_Voth_ (with only one judge (Toohey J (who was also in the minority in
_Oceanic Sun_)) being in the minority, the learned judge stating (at 590) that
he was “impenitent in adhering to the view which Wilson J. and [he] expressed
in _Oceanic Sun_ ”). Significantly, Brennan J, who adopted a narrower approach
than “the clearly inappropriate forum test” in _Oceanic Sun_ (see above at
[45]), endorsed this particular test in _Voth_ ; as the learned judge put it
(at 572):

As I think it is more important that a test be authoritatively settled than
that I adhere to the test I prefer, and as any such test is judge-made law, I
add my acceptance of the test proposed by the majority. It is unnecessary to
consider whether the performance of the institutional duty of enunciating the
law authoritatively should prevail when Justices’ individual views diverge on
questions of the true construction of the Constitution or perhaps on questions
of the true construction of a statute, for that is not the present case. I
therefore join in the decision that the “clearly inappropriate” test be
adopted for the determination of applications of the three classes mentioned.

However, although Brennan J agreed with the majority of the court in _Voth_ as
to the particular test to be applied, he did “respectfully dissent from the
result of its application” (_id_). In contrast, Toohey J, who (as we have just
seen) adopted the approach in _Spiliada_ instead, nevertheless arrived at the
_same_ conclusion as the majority (who applied “the clearly inappropriate
forum test” instead) – thus illustrating the following observation made by
Mason CJ, Deane, Dawson and Gaudron JJ in their joint judgment in the same
decision (at 558) (see also below at [54]):

The “clearly inappropriate forum” test is similar to and, for that reason, is
likely to yield the same result as the “more appropriate forum” test in the
majority of cases. The difference between the two tests will be of critical
significance only in those cases – probably rare – in which it is held that an
available foreign tribunal is the natural or more appropriate forum but in
which it cannot be said that the local tribunal is a clearly inappropriate
one.

Reference may, in this regard, also be made to the following observations by
Prof Yeo (see _Halsbury’s Laws of Singapore_ at para 75.083):

A notable variation is found in Australian jurisprudence, where the courts
have struck a different balance. The Australian court will refuse to exercise
its jurisdiction only if it is demonstrated that it is a clearly inappropriate
forum. In many cases, the result will be the same as the approach in _The
Spiliada_ , but there may be a marginal case where it may be demonstrated that
there is a clearly more appropriate forum available elsewhere yet the forum is
not a clearly inappropriate forum, in which case stay of proceedings would
_prima facie_ be granted under the _Spiliada_ approach but denied under the
Australian approach. The Singapore courts apply the _Spiliada_ approach
because it is thought to be more consistent with international comity.

48 _Voth_ therefore marks the clear establishment of the “clearly
inappropriate forum test” (see also Martin Davies, Andrew Bell and Paul Le Gay
Bereton, _Nygh’s Conflict of Laws in Australia_ (LexisNexis, 8th ed, 2010) (“
_Nygh’s Conflict of Laws in Australia_ ”) at paras 8.13-8.24).

49 And, in the decision of this court in _Murukami Takako (executrix of the
estate of Takashi Murukami Suroso, deceased) v Wiryadi Louise Maria and
others_ [2009] 1 SLR(R) 508, the current Australian position was summarised
thus (at [32]–[35]):

32 In so far as those of the disputed foreign properties situated in Australia
(“the Australian properties”) are concerned, the appellant also previously
brought claims in the Supreme Court of New South Wales. Gzell J, in _Murakami
v Wiryadi_ [2006] NSWSC 1354 (“ _Murakami_ ”), stayed those proceedings on the
ground of _forum non conveniens_. The learned judge applied the Australian
approach to _forum non conveniens_ as set out in the Australian High Court
decisions of _Oceanic Sun Line Special Shipping Co Inc v Fay_ (1988) 165 CLR
197 (“ _Oceanic Sun Line_ ”), _Voth v Manildra Flour Mills Proprietary
Limited_ (1990) 171 CLR 538 (“ _Voth_ ”), _Henry v Henry_ (1996) 185 CLR 571
and _CSR Limited v Cigna Insurance Australia Limited_ (1997) 189 CLR 345 to
the effect that the court may stay or dismiss proceedings if, having regard to
the circumstances of the case and the availability of the foreign tribunal,
the forum is clearly inappropriate for the determination of the dispute
(reference may similarly be made to the (also) Australian High Court decision
of _Regie Nationale des Usines Renault SA v Zhang_ (2002) 210 CLR 491).

33 Although the test applied in the Australian context to the issue of _forum
non conveniens_ is quite different from that set out in _Spiliada_ ([26]
supra), there would (on most occasions) be no difference in the actual result
arrived at by the court (see, for example, _Oceanic Sun Line_ at 251-252
(_per_ Deane J) and 265-266 (_per_ Gaudron J), _Voth_ at 558 (_per_ Mason CJ
and Deane, Dawson and Gaudron JJ), _Eng Liat Kiang_ ([9] supra) at [23] and
Peter Brereton, “ _Forum Non Conveniens_ in Australia: A Case Note on _Voth_ v
_Manildra Flour Mills_ ” (1991) 40 ICLQ 895 at 897-898; _cf_ , however, _Civil
Jurisdiction and Judgments_ ([6] _supra_) at para 4.20 (reference may also be
made to Richard Garnett, “Stay of Proceedings in Australia: A ‘Clearly
Inappropriate’ Test?” (1999) 23 Melb Univ L Rev 30)). That having been said,
it is important to guard against simply equating the two tests because (if
nothing else) their respective points of emphasis are quite different (see,
for example, _Voth_ at 558 _per_ Mason CJ and Deane, Dawson and Gaudron JJ;
the learned judges, however, also observed that, in applying the test under
Australian law, “the discussion by Lord Goff in _Spiliada_ of relevant
‘connecting factors’ and ‘a legitimate personal or juridical advantage’
provide[d] valuable assistance” (_id_ at 564-565) - observations which were
also cited and applied by Gzell J in _Murakami_ at ([39]).

34 While we have previously rejected the Australian approach to _forum non
conveniens_ in favour of the test in _Spiliada_ , which calls for a
determination of whether there is another forum which is clearly or distinctly
more appropriate than Singapore (see, for example, the decision of this court
in _Eng Liat Kiang_ at [26]), Gzell J's observations in _Murakami_ ([32]
supra) are nevertheless helpful. This is because the factors which the learned
judge considered would apply with equal force in the context of the doctrine
of _forum non conveniens_ as set out in _Spiliada_. In particular, Gzell J
noted that (see _Murakami_ at [45]):

The connecting factors ... do not favour New South Wales against Indonesia.
[The appellant] is not resident in New South Wales and [the first respondent]
and [the fourth respondent] do not live in Australia. The events [which are]
the subject of complaint are just as much centred in Indonesia where the non-
disclosure of the New South Wales assets is alleged to have occurred as in New
South Wales where the assets were acquired.

The learned judge also noted (_id_ at [46]), just as we have (see [29] above),
that the _lex causae_ was Indonesian law. He further commented (at [47] of
_Murakami_) that:

If matters are to be determined in the New South Wales court expert evidence
will be required. If the issues are to be determined in the Indonesian courts
there is no need for experts.

Indeed, Gzell J was of the view (_id_ at [52]) that “it [was] in the interests
of the parties that a proper resolution of the issues be made in proceedings
to be commenced in Indonesia”.

35 The factors and the arguments considered by Gzell J in the preceding
paragraph, although analysed in the context of the Australian approach to
_forum non conveniens_ , apply equally in the context of the approach of this
court as embodied in _Spiliada_ ([26] _supra_). Indeed, there is a
considerable overlap between the factors and the arguments considered by Gzell
J in _Murakami_ and those discussed above in the context of the present
proceedings. There is, in fact, good reason to believe that this is one
instance where there would be no difference in result regardless of whether
the Australian approach or the approach in _Spiliada_ is adopted (see also
above at [33]).

50 It should be noted that the decision of Gzell J in _Murakami v Wiryadi_
[2006] NSWSC 1354 was in fact reversed on appeal in the decision of the New
South Wales Court of Appeal decision of _Murakami v Wiryadi & Ors_ [2010]
NSWCA 7. However, the general principles as well as observations set out in
the quotation in the preceding paragraph continue to represent the Australian
approach towards the issue of _forum non conveniens_ , notwithstanding the
following observations by Kirby J in the High Court of Australia decision of
_Regie Nationale des Usines Renault SA v Zhang_ (2002) 210 CLR 491 (“ _Zhang_
”) (at 525):

Like the Pilgrim I have not lost faith. One day _Voth_ may be overruled and a
principle of the common law may be established more appropriate to
contemporary circumstances of global and regional disputes in which Australian
courts, like those of every country, must now operate. But until overruled by
this Court or replaced by valid legislation, _Voth_ must be applied.

51 Indeed, a challenge mounted recently against the present Australian
approach in the subsequent (also) High Court of Australia decision of _Puttick
v Tenon_ (2008) 238 CLR 265 was rejected, in no uncertain, terms by the
majority. The challenge (which was mounted by the Respondent) was, in fact,
framed by way of an invitation to the court to either overrule the “clearly
inappropriate forum test” in _Voth or_ to _restate_ the test in _Voth_ in a
_modified_ form by also permitting a stay when there was a more appropriate
forum for the resolution of the dispute. The latter was, in effect, an
invitation to introduce the _Spiliada_ test _in addition to_ the “clearly
inappropriate forum test”. Not surprisingly, perhaps, French CJ, Gummow, Hayne
and Kiefel JJ _rejected_ this invitation and reaffirmed the “clearly
inappropriate forum test” in _Voth_. Heydon and Crennan JJ, however, whilst
clearly of the view that _Voth_ could not be overruled in that particular
case, did (perhaps somewhat curiously) add thus (at [38]):

_Voth’s_ case should simply be followed until the time comes, if it ever
comes, for full argument to be developed about its correctness, and for an
argument that it is wrong to be accepted.

The learned judges proceeded to give reasons as to why the test in _Voth_
could not be challenged in that particular case. These included, first, that
there was no “satisfactory forensic background against which to explore the
correctness of _Voth’s_ case” (at [39]); that it was not satisfactorily
explained in detail how the considerations relevant to overruling prior
authorities (here, _Voth_) had been satisfied (at [40]); that the written
submissions advanced by the Respondent in relation to the correctness of
_Voth_ “were not developed in the detail which is desirable when a question of
this important kind is presented” (at [41]); that “it was not demonstrated
that even if the _Voth_ test were overruled or modified, there would be any
difference in the result of the appeal”; and that “[i]n the absence of that
demonstration, any observations making a change to the _Voth_ test would in
one sense be dicta only”, which was “not in general a satisfactory method of
developing the law” (at [42]).

52 The observations of both Heydon and Crennan JJ are, on one reading at
least, ambiguous although it might, on another reading, be open to the
interpretation that they were at least open to the “clearly inappropriate
forum test” in _Voth_ being revisted on an appropriate occasion in the
foreseeable future. Looked at in this light, the following observations by the
authors of a leading Australian textbook may appear a little too strong (see
_Nygh’s Conflict of Laws in Australia_ at para 8.24):

[_Voth v Manildra Flour Mills Proprietary Limited_ (1990) 171 CLR 538] has
been part of Australian law for twenty years. In [_Puttick v Tenon Ltd_ (2008)
250 ALR 482], a new generation of High Court justices, none of whom
participated in _Voth_ , showed no inclination to reconsider the ‘clearly
inappropriate forum’ test. Despite all the academic lamentation and complaint,
judicial reform of the _Voth_ test appears to be past praying for. Without
legislative change, the test is entrenched in Australian law and critics must
just grin and bear it.

A final point – relativity of natural forum

53 A final point might be noted. Counsel for the Appellant, Mr Cavinder Bull,
laid great emphasis upon the fact that there were, in effect, no substantive
connecting factors in relation to _Singapore_. He argued that this was a
relevant factor as stage one of the _Spiliada_ test was _comparative_ in
nature. There is some force in this argument inasmuch as the defendant must,
under the first limb of the test in the _Spiliada_ , establish that there is
_another_ available forum which is clearly or distinctly more appropriate than
Singapore. To _that_ end, the number as well as quality of connecting factors
in the _Singapore_ context _is_ relevant from a comparative (or relational)
perspective. And, to the extent that there are _no_ substantive connecting
factors in relation to Singapore, that must surely weigh in favour of the
defendant. However, as this court pointed out in _CIMB Bank_ (at [26]; also
reproduced above at [38]), “it is not enough just to show that Singapore is
not the natural or appropriate forum” – which would, of course, be the
situation if there were, in the case concerned, _no_ substantive connecting
factors in relation to _Singapore_. The defendant must, as we have already
noted, go _further_ and establish that there is _another_ available forum
which is _clearly or distinctly more appropriate than Singapore_ (see also the
decision of this court in _Siemens AG v Holdrich Investment Ltd_ [2010] 3 SLR
1007 at [4] (“ _Siemens AG_ ”)). Hence, notwithstanding the fact that there
might be few – or even _no_ – substantive connecting factors in relation to
_Singapore_ , this does _not necessarily_ mean that the defendant would have
discharged the burden that is placed upon it under the first limb of the test
in the _Spiliada_. This is, in fact, an excellent example of the more
_general_ principle that _every_ perspective in a given legal test _must_ be
considered. Indeed, in so far as this particular issue is concerned, the
following summary by Prof Yeo is particularly helpful (see _Halsbury’s Laws of
Singapore_ (at para 75.089), appropriately entitled “Relativity of Natural
Forum”):

The principle of the natural forum does not seek to identify _the_ most
clearly appropriate forum in the absolute sense. The search is for _a_ natural
forum, not _the_ natural forum. Four implications follow.

Firstly, there may be cases where no forum can be said to be comparatively
more appropriate than any other. In such a case, stay will not be granted
because it cannot be shown that there is another forum that is clearly more
appropriate. Similarly, in a service out of jurisdiction case, it cannot be
rebutted that Singapore is the proper forum to hear the case. The Singapore
court will exercise its jurisdiction in such cases, even if it means
multiplicity of proceedings.

Secondly, although the formulation in _The Spiliada_ is that the defendant
seeking a stay of proceedings must not only show that Singapore is not an
appropriate forum, but that there is clearly another more appropriate forum
elsewhere, it should be borne in mind that the inappropriateness of Singapore
as a forum is relative to the existence of a clearly more appropriate forum
elsewhere. It is not necessary to show that Singapore is a clearly
inappropriate forum.

Thirdly, the defendant may show that two (or more) fora are clearly more
appropriate than Singapore, without having to identify one of them
specifically as _the_ most appropriate forum.

Fourthly, if the parties have chosen not to have their dispute decided in the
foreign forum with the strongest connections with the case, and this
alternative forum is not put forward to the court for consideration, the court
is still obliged to consider whether any other forum put forward by the
defendant is a clearly more appropriate forum than Singapore. A more difficult
situation arises where the defendant applies to stay Singapore proceedings on
the basis that forum X is clearly more appropriate than Singapore, while the
plaintiff presents evidence that forum Y is clearly more appropriate than
either X or Singapore (but neither the plaintiff nor the defendant is
interested in litigating in Y). In principle, this does not affect the
proposition that the court should _prima facie_ stay the proceedings when the
defendant has demonstrated that there is a clearly more appropriate and
available forum elsewhere.

[emphasis in original]

54 We should note – parenthetically – that, in _contrast_ to the _Singapore_
position, the _Australian_ position (see above at [47]–[48]) tends, by its
very nature, to be focused, instead, on (as Mason CJ, Deane, Dawson and
Gaudron JJ put it in _Voth_ (at 565)) “the inappropriateness of the local
court and not the appropriateness or comparative appropriateness of the
suggested foreign forum”. And, in the same decision, the learned judges also
observed, in a similar vein (at 558), that:

...the question which the [“clearly inappropriate forum”] test presents is
slightly different [from the approach in _Spiliada_] in that it focuses on the
advantages and disadvantages arising from a continuation of the proceedings in
the selected forum rather than on the need to make a comparative judgment
between the two forums.

Likewise, Gleeson CJ, Gaudron, McHugh, Gummow and Hayne JJ observed in _Zhang_
(at 503) that “it should at once be noted that a court is not an inappropriate
forum merely because another is more appropriate”. However, we would think
that, on a practical level at least, some comparative analysis is probably
inevitable in most cases. Indeed, in _Voth_ , Mason CJ, Deane, Dawson and
Gaudron JJ observed (at 558) that:

[The focus on the inappropriateness of the local forum] is not to deny that
considerations relating to the suitability of the alternative forum are
relevant to the examination of the appropriateness or inappropriateness of the
selected forum.

(See also _Voth_ at 564-565 and [47] above).

55 Let us turn now to apply both the first limb as well as the second limb of
the test in the _Spiliada_ to the facts of the present appeal. Before
proceeding to do so, it would be appropriate to review – in summary form – the
main arguments proffered on behalf of both parties.

The parties’ arguments

The Appellants’ arguments

56 The Appellants argued that, as between Singapore and Indonesia, Indonesia
was the more appropriate forum for hearing the dispute between the parties.
The Appellants emphasised that the following connecting factors pointed
towards Indonesia as the natural forum:

(a) Events relevant to the dispute occurred in Indonesia. For example,
Indonesia was the place where Cyriac first met the Second and Third
Appellants. Indonesia is also the location of the mining concessions that are
the subject of the dispute.

(b) The parties have connections with Indonesia. The First Appellant is a UAE
company but it has a registered office in Indonesia. Both the Second and Third
Appellants are resident in Indonesia. The Respondent carries out projects in
Indonesia and its representative, Cyriac, spends a significant amount of time
there.

(c) The Appellants will have to rely on non-party witnesses who are resident
in Indonesia (“the Indonesian Witnesses”). Some of these witnesses may have to
be compelled to testify. In this regard, the Judge erred in predetermining the
witnesses that the Appellants wished to call for the trial on the merits.

(d) Documentary evidence relevant to the dispute is presently located in
Indonesia.

(e) In so far, at least, as the Respondent’s alternative claim for
misrepresentation in tort is concerned, the natural forum is Indonesia because
that is the place where the tort occurred.

(f) The Respondent’s claims are governed by Indonesian law. The claim for
misrepresentation is governed by Indonesian law because Indonesian law is the
_lex loci delicti_. Indonesian law is also the law governing the Investment
Agreement because that is the law which has the closest and most real
connection with the Investment Agreement. In relation to the governing law of
the Investment Agreement, the Judge erred in suggesting that UAE law might
govern the Investment Agreement even though neither party raised the
applicability of UAE law in the hearing below.

(g) The Appellants sought leave to raise a new argument on the Respondent’s
claim under the Misrepresentation Act. The Appellants argued that the
Respondent has no claim under the Misrepresentation Act because the
Misrepresentation Act does not have extraterritorial effect, _ie_ , that this
Act does not apply to misrepresentations occurring outside the territory of
Singapore.

57 On the whole, the Appellants submitted that, as between Singapore and
Indonesia, Indonesia is the more appropriate forum for hearing the dispute.
The Appellants further argued that, even if the Investment Agreement was
governed by UAE law, the connecting factors were still overwhelmingly in
favour of Indonesia. In any case, the Appellants urged us to only consider
whether Singapore was a more appropriate forum than Indonesia since neither
party was contending that the dispute should be heard in any forum apart from
Singapore or Indonesia.

The Respondent’s arguments

58 The Respondent submitted that the following connecting factors pointed
towards Singapore as the more appropriate forum for hearing the dispute:

(a) The Appellants chose to receive the Investment Funds in Singapore.

(b) Both the Second and Third Appellants have connections with Singapore. The
Second Appellant studied in Singapore. He also has a Singapore bank account
and he previously owned an apartment in Singapore. The Second Appellant also
previously held shares and directorships in Singapore companies. The Third
Appellant also holds shares and directorships in Singapore companies. The
Respondent also has connections with Singapore in the form of a wholly-owned
subsidiary incorporated in Singapore.

(c) As for the location of witnesses, the dispute is in relation to the
discussions between the Appellants and the Respondent. Therefore, the party
witnesses (_ie_ , the Second and Third Appellants and the Respondent’s
representatives) are the most relevant witnesses. In any case, the Appellants
have not shown that adducing evidence via video-link would be unsuitable.
Furthermore, the travel time between Indonesia and Singapore is not long and
so the inconvenience occasioned by having the case heard in Singapore is not
significant. As for the need to compel the witnesses, the Appellants have not
adduced evidence on whether the witnesses are compellable in Indonesia.

(d) The location of documents should not be given any weight. The expense of
transporting the documents to Singapore may be compensated with an appropriate
costs order.

(e) Indonesian law is not the governing law of the Investment Agreement.
Rather, the Investment Agreement is governed by Singapore law because the
Singapore JVA was abandoned only because of the more advantageous tax benefits
of using a UAE entity. The parties always intended for Singapore law to govern
the Investment Agreement. Alternatively, the governing law is UAE law. As for
the misrepresentation claim, the Judge did not err in considering that the
application of Indonesian law was not an insurmountable obstacle. The Judge
was merely ascribing the weight that he was giving to the governing law as a
connecting factor. In any event, the Indonesian law issues for the tort claim
are not complex.

(f) The place of the tort is indeed the _prima facie_ natural forum for the
misrepresentation claim. However, this is just one of the factors that the
court should consider. Furthermore, this factor should be given less weight
because Indonesian tort law has not been shown to be different from Singapore
law.

(g) As for the Respondent’s claim under the Misrepresentation Act, the
Respondent took issue with the Appellants’ raising of a new point that was not
canvassed before the Judge. On the merits, the Respondent argued that the
applicability of the Misrepresentation Act has no bearing on the _forum non
conveniens_ analysis because it is not a connecting factor.

(h) On balance, the connecting factors do not point clearly and distinctly
away from Singapore to Indonesia. The connecting factors in favour of
Indonesia should be given little weight.

Our decision

Introduction

59 It is perhaps important to state an obvious point right at the outset.
Notwithstanding the principles stated above, the _facts_ of each case are of
equal importance. Put simply, there is no mechanistic method that can be
utilised in this – indeed, any – legal context. To adopt such an approach
would be a sure recipe for legal disaster, producing (in the majority of cases
at least) great injustice. Hence, a close attention to the factual matrix of
the present appeal is imperative.

The Judge’s discretion

60 As we noted earlier (at [40]), a decision to grant, or to refuse to grant,
a stay of proceedings is discretionary. We were of the view that the appeal
could not be allowed merely because we disagreed with the Judge’s exercise of
his discretion inasmuch as we might have arrived at a different conclusion on
the facts. To reiterate, the guiding principles in this regard were, as this
court stated in _CIMB Bank_ (at [84] reproduced above at [40]), that:

...an exercise of discretion should not be interfered with by an appellate
court unless the judge had misdirected himself on a matter of principle, or he
had taken into account matters which he ought not to have taken into account
or had failed to take into account matters which he ought to have taken into
account, or his decision is plainly wrong.

In this regard, the Appellants’ arguments suggested that the Judge might have
misapplied certain principles. For example, the Appellants submitted that the
Judge failed to correctly apply the _Albaforth_ principle, which, as will be
seen below (at [106]), is a principle that, in a dispute involving a tort, the
place where the tort occurred is _prima facie_ the natural forum. It was,
therefore, necessary for us to apply the _Spiliada_ test afresh to the facts
in order to ascertain whether or not the Judge had misapplied the principles
just stated. We pause to observe – parenthetically – that the relevant factors
in the context of the facts of the present appeal fall (as we shall see)
principally within the purview of the first three categories of connections
identified by Prof Yeo (above at [42]).

Stage one of the _Spiliada_ test

The residence and place of business of the parties

61 The First Appellant is a UAE corporation. However, it has a representative
office in Jakarta. The First Appellant appears to have conducted most of its
business from that office, as evidenced by the following facts: (i) it sent
the Letter of Offer to the Respondent from Indonesia; (ii) it conducted its
meeting of its board of directors to increase its share capital at the
representative office; and (iiii) it sent the Respondent a copy of the
Exclusive Mining Agreement from Indonesia.

62 As for the other parties, the Second and Third Appellants are resident in
Indonesia. The Respondent is an Indian company with operations in Indonesia.

The availability of non-party witnesses

63 We were of the view that the parties were conflating two factors: (i) the
_convenience_ in having the case decided in the forum where the witnesses are
ordinarily resident (“the Witness Convenience Factor”); and (ii) the
_compellability_ of those witnesses (“the Witness Compellability Factor”). We
should analyse these factors separately because each may suggest that
different forums are the natural forum. In addition, the Witness
Compellability Factor could also be a relevant factor under the second stage
of the _Spiliada_ test, as was the argument of counsel in _Rickshaw
Investments Ltd and another v Nicolai Baron von Uexkull_ [2007] 1 SLR(R) 377
at [91]–[92] (“ _Rickshaw Investments_ ”). In this regard, we agreed with the
following observations of Prof Yeo (_Halsbury’s Laws of Singapore_ at para
75.091):

The connections of relevant witnesses can be important too. The physical
locations of witnesses are generally of less significance today given the ease
of travel and the possible use of information and communication technology. _A
more important consideration is the compellability of the witnesses_. This has
been considered as a Stage One factor although it involves a comparison of the
procedures of different legal systems. _Arguably, it sits more naturally as a
Stage Two factor_ – a juridical advantage of trial in a particular forum.
However, _the benefit of considering this as a Stage One factor is that
compellability of the defendant’s witnesses in the foreign court will be
weighed in the equation as well_ , whereas as a Stage Two factor, the
defendant would have to prove that non-compellability in Singapore is a denial
of substantial justice, a very difficult case to make out. This point, while
illustrating the different objectives of the two stages, also demonstrates the
need to take a holistic view. [emphasis added]

64 Given the differences between the two factors, we considered them
separately.

(1) The Witness Convenience Factor

65 In so far as the Witness Convenience Factor was concerned, our view was
that the Judge had, with respect, erred for two reasons in holding that the
Appellants had not shown that the evidence of the Indonesian Witnesses is
material.

66 First, as this court in _Good Earth Agricultural Co Ltd v Novus
International Pte Ltd_ [2008] 2 SLR(R) 711 has held (at [21]), the court
hearing an application for a stay should not predetermine the witnesses that
the parties should call. In fairness to the Judge, he did not hold that the
evidence of the Indonesian Witnesses was not necessary for the Appellants’
defence. Rather, the Judge indicated that _the Appellants had failed to
demonstrate_ that the evidence of the Indonesian Witnesses’ would be material.
However, we were of the view that the Judge had, in substance, predetermined
that the Appellants did not need testimony from the Indonesian Witnesses to
advance their defence.

67 Second, the Appellants have endeavoured to explain the reasons why they
require the testimony of the Indonesian Witnesses. It would not be appropriate
to require the Appellants to demonstrate _exactly_ how they would use the
testimony of the Indonesian Witnesses at this interlocutory stage. The
Appellants have not yet prepared their Defence. We acknowledge, on the other
hand, that a defendant applying for a stay should not be permitted to assert,
without substantiation, that it requires foreign witnesses because that would
make it easy for defendants to manufacture a connecting factor. Our view was
that a defendant should at least show that evidence from foreign witnesses is
at least arguably relevant to its defence. The Appellants have, in our view,
met that threshold.

68 Since the Appellants require the testimony of the Indonesian Witnesses, it
appears that this factor points to Indonesia as the natural forum. However,
our analysis did not end there. It was necessary for us to consider whether
(i) the possibility of obtaining evidence from the Indonesian Witnesses
through video-link and (ii) the fact that Indonesia is relatively close to
Singapore suggest that this factor should not be given substantial weight. Our
view was that both considerations were persuasive and hence operated against
the Appellants on this particular sub-issue.

69 With regard to the first consideration, this court has endorsed the views
of the High Court in _Peters Rogers May v Pinder Lillian Gek Lian_ [2006] 2
SLR(R) 381 (at [26]) on how the possibility of obtaining video-link evidence
should impact the stage one analysis of the _Spiliada_ test (see _Good Earth_
at [21]). The Appellants have not explained why the evidence of the Indonesian
Witnesses cannot be given via video-link.

70 As for the second consideration, we note that this court in _Chan Chin
Cheung v Chan Fatt Cheung_ [2010] 1 SLR(R) 1206 held (at [35]) that the
availability of witnesses should not be a significant factor if the witnesses
are from Malaysia because of the proximity of Singapore to Malaysia. This
consideration applies with equal force to Indonesia, which (as the Respondent
has argued) is also relatively near to Singapore.

(2) The Witness Compellability Factor

71 In so far as the Witness Compellability Factor is concerned, a Singapore
court cannot compel a foreign witness to testify in a Singapore court (see
Order 38, rule 18(2) of the Rules of Court (Cap 322, R 5, 2006 Rev Ed)).
Therefore, the fact that the Indonesian Witnesses cannot be compelled by a
Singapore court to either testify in person in Singapore or to give evidence
via video-link is a factor that points to Indonesia as being the natural
forum. The Appellants have argued that the Indonesian Witnesses may need to be
compelled to testify.

72 A countervailing consideration is, as the Respondent has argued, that the
Appellants have not shown that the Indonesian Witnesses would be compellable
in an Indonesian court if this dispute were heard in Indonesia. The Respondent
cited the recent Singapore High Court decision of _Sun Jin Engineering Pte Ltd
v Hwang Jae Woo_ [2010] SGHC 111 (“ _Sun Jin Engineering_ ”) in support of the
argument that the Appellants should have led evidence on the compellability of
the Indonesian Witnesses in the Indonesian courts. In _Sun Jin Engineering_ ,
the court had the benefit of expert evidence on whether foreign witnesses were
compellable in the alternative forum (the Maldives).

73 With respect, the Respondent has misunderstood this particular aspect of
the decision in _Sun Jin Engineering_. The Appellants have correctly explained
that in _Sun Jin Engineering_ , the court considered that the expert evidence
on whether witnesses were compellable in the Maldives was unclear.
Notwithstanding this, the court considered that it was _more likely_ that the
Maldivian witnesses would testify if the case were heard in the Maldives (see
_Sun Jin Engineering_ at [40]).

74 We took a similar view in this appeal. Although it would have been
preferable to have had expert evidence on whether the Indonesian Witnesses are
compellable to testify in an Indonesian court, it is more likely that the
Indonesian Witnesses would testify if the dispute were heard in an Indonesian
court.

The governing law of the claims

75 As this court has observed (in _Rickshaw Investments_ at [42]), the
governing law of the claims raised by the parties is a significant factor in
stage one of the _Spiliada_ test.

(1) Characterising the issues

76 Before determining the governing law of the claims, it is necessary for us
to characterise the issues raised by the claims. The first stage of any choice
of law analysis is to characterise the issues that the parties have raised
(see, for example, the English Court of Appeal decision of _Macmillan Inc v
Bishopsgate Investments plc (No 3)_ [1996] 1 WLR 387 at 407).

77 The Respondent has made claims (see also above at [34]) for the following:
(i) a declaration that the contract was validly rescinded; (ii) restitution of
the remainder of the Investment Funds; (iii) damages for misrepresentation in
contract; (iv) damages for misrepresentation in tort; and (v) damages for
misrepresentation under the Misrepresentation Act.

78 The first and the third claims are claims in contract. The second claim is
a claim in restitution. However, the choice of law analysis for the
restitutionary claim is the same as the choice of law analysis for the
contract claims because the restitutionary claim is consequential on the
failure of the Investment Agreement (see _CIMB Bank_ at [41]). The fourth
claim is a claim in tort and the fifth claim is a statutory claim.

(2) The governing law for the contractual and restitutionary claims

(a) The choice of law rule

79 It is well established that a three stage approach is applied to determine
the governing law of a contract (see, for example, the decision of this court
in _Pacific Recreation Pte Ltd v S Y Technology Inc and another appeal_ [2008]
2 SLR(R) 491 (“ _Pacific Recreation_ ”) at [36]). At the first stage, the
court considers if the contract expressly states its governing law (“the
Express Law”). If the contract is silent, the court proceeds to the second
stage and considers whether it can infer the governing law from the intentions
of the parties (“the Implied Law”). If the court is unable to infer the
parties’ intentions, it moves to the third stage and determines the law which
has the closest and most real connection with the contract (“the Objective
Law”).

(b) analysis

80 It is clear that there was no Express Law. We were of the view, however,
that it is possible to determine the Implied Law. It is reasonable to infer
that the parties intended that UAE law govern the Investment Agreement given
the choice of that law in a closely related contract, _viz_ , the Exclusive
Mining Agreement. The Exclusive Mining Agreement was, in fact, sent to the
Respondent. The Letter of Offer also refers to the Exclusive Mining Agreement
three times. Furthermore, the Exclusive Mining Agreement was essential to the
Investment Agreement. Without it, the First Appellant would have had nothing
of value to offer the Respondent in exchange for its provision of expertise.

81 As the editors of the 11th Edition of _Dicey and Morris on the Conflict of
Laws_ (Stevens & Sons, 11th Ed, 1987) (“ _Dicey and Morris (11th Ed)_ ”) note,
it is possible to infer that the parties intended that a contract be governed
by the same law that governs a closely related contract (at 1185):

… The legal or commercial connection between one contract and another may
enable a court to say that the parties must be held implicitly to have
submitted both contracts to the same law. …

The editors of the 11th Edition of _Chesire and North’s Private International
Law_ (Butterworths, 11th Ed, 1987) make a similar assertion (at 459–460).

82 The editors of _Dicey and Morris (11th Ed)_ cite a number of cases for this
proposition, including the English Court of Appeal decision in _Re United
Railways of Havana_ [1960] Ch 52 (“ _Re United Railways of Havana_ ”). _Re
United Railways of Havana_ involved two related contracts that were part of a
transaction for an English railway company to obtain finance to purchase
rolling stock. The English railway company incorporated a subsidiary in
Pennsylvania and sold the rolling stock to that subsidiary. The subsidiary
then leased the rolling stock to the English railway company (“the First
Contract”). Under the terms of the First Contract, the English railway company
was to pay rentals to the subsidiary. The subsidiary entered into a
contemporaneous contract with a trust company (“the Second Contract”). Under
the terms of the Second Contract, the subsidiary assigned its rights under the
First Contract to the trust company. In effect, this arrangement meant that
the English railway company would pay the rentals to the trust company which
would in turn pay the rentals to holders of trust certificates.

83 One of the issues in _Re United Railways of Havana_ was the governing law
of the First Contract. Having held that the Second Contract was governed by
_Pennsylvanian_ law, the English Court of Appeal proceeded to hold that the
First Contract was also governed by Pennsylvanian law because that was both
the Implied Law and the Objective Law. The following portion of the court’s
judgment is instructive (_Re United Railways of Havana_ at 94):

It has been material to consider the agreement in this connection because it
was held by the judge, and argued before us by counsel for the respondents,
that _the proper law of the agreement and of the lease was intended to be the
same_. _This is probably, though not, we think, inevitably, true_. In the
words of the judge: "The lease is expressly recited in the agreement, and in
the lease there is a recital of the intention immediately to assign the
benefit of the lease to the trustee. _The two documents are essential parts of
the same transaction_ , namely, the Philadelphia Plan. In those circumstances
one would expect that they would each have the same proper law, and I hold
that they have." One certainly cannot ignore the fact that _each of the two
documents constituted essential parts of one entire transaction and it would,
we think, be unusual if the parties concerned in that transaction should
desire one part to be governed by the law of Cuba (which is in many relevant
respects totally different from American law) and the other part to be
governed by the law of Pennsylvania_. [emphasis added]

It should be noted that _Re United Railways of Havana_ proceeded on appeal to
the House of Lords (see _In re United Railways of Havana and Regla Warehouses
Ltd_ [1961] AC 1007 (“ _Re United Railways of Havana (HL)_ ”)). On this
particular point, the House of Lords considered that the Objective Law was
Pennsylvanian law (see _Re United Railways of Havana (HL)_ at 1068 (_per_ Lord
Denning) and 1081 (_per_ Lord Morris)). The judgment at the House of Lords did
not consider whether the Implied Law was Pennsylvanian law (and was,
incidentally, one of the rare decisions that was overruled (pursuant to the
House of Lords Practice Statement (Judicial Precedent) [1966] 1 WLR 1234) by
the House of Lords in _Miliangos v George Frank (Textiles) Ltd_ [1976] AC 443
(albeit with Lord Simon of Glaisdale dissenting (on the issue as to whether or
not the “breach date conversion” rule in _Re United Railways of Havana (HL)_
ought to be departed from and be substituted with the rule that an English
court was entitled to give judgment for a sum of money expressed in a foreign
currency in the case of obligations of a money character to pay foreign
currency under a contract, the proper law of which was that of a foreign
country and when the money of account was that of that country or possibly
some country other than the United Kingdom))).

84 We also considered decisions such as the English High Court decisions in
_The Njegos_ [1936] 1 P 90 (“ _The Njegos_ ”) and _The Adriatic_ [1931] P 241
to be relevant because they consider that it is possible to infer that the
parties concerned intended that a contract be governed by the same law as the
governing law of a related contract. In _The Njegos_ , for example, a bill of
lading incorporated the terms of a charterparty. The charterparty contained an
arbitration clause providing for arbitration in England. The parties agreed
that the proper law of the charterparty was English law. The issue related to
the governing law of the bills of lading. The court found that the bills of
lading did not incorporate the arbitration clause and hence the governing law
could not be inferred from the arbitration clause. However, the court
nevertheless held that English law governed the bills of lading because the
parties should be presumed to have intended that the bills of lading be
governed by the same law as the law governing the charterparty (_The Njegos_
at 107). It might also be noted that the Singapore High Court in _Las Vegas
Hilton Corp (trading as Las Vegas Hilton) v Khoo Teng Hock Sunny_ [1996] 2
SLR(R) 589 referred (at [39]) to _The Njegos_ when discussing the
circumstances in which an inference may be drawn in relation to the governing
law of a contract.

85 Returning to the relevant facts of the present appeal, we considered that
it was possible to infer that the parties intended that the Investment
Agreement be governed by the same law that governs the Exclusive Mining
Agreement (UAE law) because of the close relation between the contracts. We
did not consider it to be material that the Exclusive Mining Agreement and the
Investment Agreement were not between the same parties. The related contracts
in the decisions referred to above (at [83] and [84]) were also between
different parties. The crucial point is that the two contracts in each of
those decisions were so closely related that the parties could not reasonably
be considered as having intended that different laws govern the related
contracts.

86 This raises the issue as to whether the Judge was entitled to suggest that
the applicable law was UAE law when the parties proceeded on the basis that
the applicable law was either Singapore law or Indonesian law. The Appellants
argued that the Judge should not have suggested that the applicable law was
UAE law without inviting the parties to make submissions on the potential
applicability of UAE law. The Appellants relied on the decision of this court
in _Pacific Recreation_ as support for this argument.

87 It is indeed true that the Judge should have allowed the parties to submit
on the potential applicability of UAE law. However, it is open to us to reach
a provisional view that the governing law of the Investment Agreement is UAE
law because both parties had the opportunity to submit, in this appeal, on the
potential applicability of UAE law – which opportunity they in fact availed
themselves of.

(3) The governing law for the alternative tort claim

(a) The choice of law rule

88 The choice of law rule that Singapore courts apply for torts is the double
actionability rule (see _Rickshaw Investments_ at [53]). The double
actionability rule provides that the tort must be actionable under both the
_lex fori_ and the _lex loci delicti_. Exceptionally, the double actionability
rule may be displaced such that the tort may be actionable in Singapore even
though it is not actionable under either the _lex loci delicti_ or the _lex
fori_. The exception may even be applied to provide that the law of a third
country is the applicable law for the tort (see _Rickshaw Investments_ at
[56]).

(b) analysis

89 We have to first determine the place of the tort in order to ascertain the
_lex loci delicti_. This posed some difficulty in the present appeal because
the elements constituting the tort of misrepresentation did not occur in a
single jurisdiction. The alleged misrepresentations were made in Indonesia.
But at least some of the misrepresentations were received in India.

90 The test that is commonly applied for determining the place of the tort is
that which looks at the events constituting the tort and asks where, in
substance, the cause of action arose (“the Substance Test”) (see, for example,
the House of Lords decision of _Distillers Co. (Biochemicals) Ltd v Thompson_
[1971] AC 458 at 468 and the English Court of Appeal decision of _Metal und
Rohstoff AG v Donaldson Lufkin & Jenrette Inc & Anor_ [1990] 1 QB 391 at 443).
The Singapore courts have also applied the Substance Test (see, for example,
the Singapore High Court decisions of _Wing Hak Man and another v Bio-Treat
Technology Ltd and others_ [2009] 1 SLR(R) 446 at [26] and _Focus Energy Ltd v
Aye Aye Soe_ [2009] 1 SLR(R) 1086 at [14]).

91 The English courts have crystallised the Substance Test into a more certain
rule in cases of misrepresentations made in one jurisdiction and received in
another jurisdiction. In the context of determining the place of tort for the
purpose of leave to serve out of jurisdiction, the English Court of Appeal has
held that the place of the tort is the place where the representation is
“received and acted upon” (see the English Court of Appeal decisions of
_Cordoba Shipping Co Ltd v National State Bank, Elizabeth, New Jersey (The
“Albaforth”)_ [1984] 2 Lloyd’s Rep 91 at 92 (“ _The Albaforth_ ”) and _Diamond
v Bank of London and Montreal_ [1979] QB 333 at 345–346). A different
approach, however, was taken in a case where the misrepresentation occurred in
one jurisdiction to an _unspecified class_ of persons and was received and
relied upon in a second jurisdiction. The court found that the tort occurred
in the first jurisdiction (see the English Court of Appeal decision of
_Cordova Land Co v Victor Bros Inc_ [1966] 1 WLR 793 at 801). Prof Yeo, in
_Halsbury’s Laws of Singapore_ , concisely states the approach taken in these
misrepresentation cases thus (at para 75.378):

The tort of misrepresentation is generally committed in the country where the
representation is _received and acted upon_ , at least where the
representation is directed specifically at the plaintiff, _unless the place is
fortuitous in the circumstances_ , or if the receipt and reliance occur in
different countries. If the representation is made _at large_ , then the tort
may have occurred in the _place where the representation is made_. [emphasis
added]

92 It should be noted, in passing, that the English courts _now_ apply a
_different_ test for determining the place of the tort. For cases arising
before the date when the Rome II Regulation came into force (11 January 2009),
the test for the place of the tort is found in s 11(2) of the Private
International Law (Miscellaneous Provisions) Act 1995 (c 42) (UK) (“the
PILMPA”) (which is, of course, not applicable in Singapore). That provision
defines the place of the tort differently for personal injury cases (see s
11(2)(a) of the PILMPA), property damage cases (see s 11(2)(b) of the PILMPA)
and all other cases (see s 11(2)(c) of the PILMPA). The present case would
have come within the scope of s 11(2)(c) of the PILMPA, under which the place
of the tort would be the place where “the most significant element or
elements” of the events constituting the tort in question occurred (see
_Dicey, Morris and Collins on the Conflict of Laws_ (Sweet & Maxwell, 14th Ed,
2006) at para 35-088–35-089 (“ _Dicey, Morris and Collins_ ”)). For cases
coming within the purview of the Rome II Regulation, there is no longer a need
to consider the place of the tort because other connecting factors, such as
the place where the damage occurs and the place of habitual residence, are
utilised instead (see generally _Dicey, Morris and Collins on the Conflict of
Laws_ , Third Cumulative Supplement to the Fourteenth Edition at paras
S35-194–S35-200).

93 We were of the view that the approach adopted by the English courts (as
discussed above at [91]) has some merit. The Substance Test is itself rather
broad and open-ended. There is, for example, room for debate as to whether the
place where the representation was made is more significant than the place
where the representation was received – and _vice versa_. More importantly,
both would, theoretically at least, satisfy the Substance Test. It would
therefore help to have more concrete rules, with appropriate exceptions, for
particular torts. For misrepresentations, it is suggested that, if the
representation was received and acted upon in a single jurisdiction, that
place should be the place of the tort unless that place was fortuitous or if
the receipt and reliance occur in different countries. The Substance Test (in
its more general form and possible “incarnations”) may nevertheless still be
resorted to in cases not falling comfortably within this suggested (and more
specific) rule. However, for reasons which we will elaborate upon in a moment,
there is no need to rule definitively on this point in the present appeal. In
particular, the circumstances are such that the suggested rule cannot (as we
shall see) be applied.

94 As just mentioned, the present appeal is, in fact, a case that does not fit
comfortably within the suggested rule. The actual misrepresentation was
_received_ in India because that was the place where the First Appellant sent
the Letter of Offer and the Exclusive Mining Agreement. Both those documents
contained a representation that the First Appellant had mining concessions
with one million tonnes of iron ore. However, the Appellants contend that
other representations were also made during meetings in Indonesia as to the
mining concessions that the First Appellant could rely on to make up a total
of one million tonnes of iron ore. The representations were also _acted upon_
in _two_ jurisdictions. The Respondent acted on the representation by
remitting funds from India. The Respondent also acted on the representation in
Indonesia by conducting drilling works at the Pelaihari Concession.
Accordingly, it is not possible to apply the suggested rule. Instead, we
applied the general Substance Test.

95 Applying the general Substance Test, we were of the view that the place of
the tort was Indonesia. Indonesia was the place where most of the negotiations
took place. The Respondent also took steps in reliance of the representations
in Indonesia. The only reason why the representations in the Letter of Offer
and the Exclusive Mining Agreement were received in India was because the
Respondent was based in India. Accordingly, we were of the view that the _lex
loci delicti_ is Indonesian law.

96 It remained for us to consider the Respondent’s contention that Indonesian
law has not been shown to be different from Singapore law. In this regard, we
noted that strict proof of the differences between Indonesian and Singapore
law was not necessary. As this court observed in _Rickshaw Investments_ , we
may take notice that the laws of other jurisdictions are likely to be
different (at [43]):

Choice of law questions raise a related issue regarding a party's evidential
burden to plead foreign law. In _Goh Chok Tong v Tang Liang Hong_ [1997] 1
SLR(R) 811, Lai Kew Chai J pointed pertinently to _the need for foreign law to
be pleaded_ , and held that if foreign law was not in fact pleaded, it would
be presumed to be the same as the relevant position under Singapore law (see
generally at [77]-[84], and especially at [79]): see also _Ertel Bieber and
Company v Rio Tinto Company, Limited_ [1918] AC 260 at 294-295. Where this
evidentiary presumption can be invoked, the applicability of a foreign _lex
causae_ under choice of law rules may therefore be reduced in significance
since the forum is unlikely to have difficulty applying a foreign law which is
(assumed to be) identical to the _lex fori_. In this regard, however, a number
of cases suggest that a court may, despite a party's failure to adduce proof
of foreign law, have regard to the fact that the principles in the foreign
jurisdiction concerned will, in all likelihood, differ from the _lex fori_ in
some respects (see, for example, the Singapore High Court decision of _PT Jaya
Putra Kundur Indah v Guthrie Overseas Investments Pte Ltd_ [1996] SGHC 285 at
[44] ("_PT Jaya_ ")). Hence, in the present case, the mere factum of a foreign
_lex causae_ , _ie_ , German law, may be accorded due weight _despite_ the
respondent's failure to adduce evidence regarding the content of this law.
[emphasis in original]

(4) The statutory claim

97 Contrary to the Respondent’s submissions (see above at [58(g)]), whether
the Misrepresentation Act potentially applies is a relevant consideration
under stage one of the _Spiliada_ test because it is relevant for this court
to consider the law governing the claims raised by the Respondent. For
example, if the scope of the Misrepresentation Act is such that it potentially
applies to the present case, then that would be a factor against Indonesia
being the natural forum because greater expense and inconvenience would result
in having the application of a Singapore statute heard in an Indonesian court.
This is _not_ to state that we are determining the _substantive_ issue as to
whether the Respondent’s claim under the Misrepresentation Act is sustainable
on the facts, as we cannot, _ex hypothesi_ , make this determination in the
context of the present proceedings. Rather, we are determining whether the
_scope_ of the Misrepresentation Act is such that it _potentially_ applies in
the present case.

98 Before considering the scope of the Misrepresentation Act, we should
elucidate the approach that we took in our analysis. The Appellants approached
the issue of the scope of the Misrepresentation Act from the perspective of
the presumption against extraterritoriality. It is useful to clarify that
there are in fact two aspects to this presumption in the conflict of laws
context. Prof Yeo notes as follows (see _Halsbury’s Laws of Singapore_ at para
75.292):

Where the conflictual scope of legislation is not spelt out, it has often been
said that there is a presumption that legislation of the forum is intended
only to have territorial effect. There are two overlapping aspects to this
presumption. _Firstly_ , as a matter of _private international law_ , the
presumption is that the statutory provision _only applies if the relevant
connecting factor points to the law of the forum as the law governing the
issue_. _Secondly_ , _whatever the basis that the statute applies_ (whether as
forum mandatory law, or as the substantive law governing the issue by reason
of the forum’s choice of law rule, or as forum procedural law), it is
presumably _only intended to affect activities occurring within the territory
of the forum_ , or to _activities abroad of nationals of the forum_. [emphasis
added]

99 _Dicey, Morris and Collins_ note that there are two approaches to
determining the scope of a statute in the conflict of laws context. However,
the editors do not consider the two approaches to be part of a common exercise
of deriving parliamentary intention. The following remarks by the editors, in
the context of a discussion on the scope of s 2 of the Marriage Act 1949 (c
76) (UK), are instructive (at para 1-040):

A court, when confronted by a statute of its own law or of foreign law which
is expressed in general terms like this, could use one of the two methods to
determine its scope. The _first_ is to _interpret the statute in the light of
its purpose and background_ so as to read into it the limitations which the
legislature would have expressed if it had given thought to the matter. This
is an artificial method, and perhaps a dangerous one, because _ex hypothesi_
the legislature gave no thought to the matter – if it had done so it would
have expressed the limitations. The _second method_ is to _apply general
principles derived from the conflict of laws_ – i.e. _first characterise the
question_ as relating to capacity to marry [as noted above, this quotation is
from a discussion on the scope of s 2 of the Marriage Act 1949 (c 76) (UK),
which provides that “[a] marriage between persons either of whom is under the
age of sixteen shall be void”], and then apply the relevant conflict rule to
the question so characterised. [emphasis added]

100 Our view was that, conceptually, it is better to consider the two
approaches as part of a common exercise of discerning parliamentary intention.
If Parliament clearly intended for a statute to apply even where the choice of
law rules suggest that Singapore law does not apply, the courts must not
disregard Parliamentary intention and refuse to apply the statute. Parliament
has the power to legislate extraterritorially (see the decision of this court
in _Public Prosecutor v Taw Cheng Kong_ [1998] 2 SLR(R) 489 at [37]). The
choice of law rules are simply useful tools in ascertaining Parliamentary
intention on the geographical scope of our laws.

101 On the first aspect of the presumption, the starting point is to
characterise the issue that the Respondent has raised with its claim that the
Appellants have induced it to enter into a contract through a
misrepresentation. The competing characterisations are a tort and a contract
characterisation. It is not necessary to reach a firm conclusion on the proper
characterisation because, on either characterisation, the applicable law is
not Singapore law. As considered above, the applicable law on a contract
characterisation is UAE law (see above at [85]) and the applicable law based
on a tort characterisation is Indonesian law (see above at [95]). Therefore,
on the first aspect of the presumption, we may presume that Parliament did not
intend that the Misrepresentation Act apply to the present case because
Singapore law does not govern the issue that the Respondent has raised.

102 The second aspect of the presumption does not rely on choice of law rules.
Parliament is _generally_ presumed to have intended for its laws to only apply
to activity in Singapore (see the decision of this court in _Parno v SC Marine
Pte Ltd_ [1999] 3 SLR(R) 377 at [38]–[39] (“ _Parno_ ”)). This presumption may
be displaced by clear indication of Parliamentary intention that the statute
concerned is intended to apply extraterritorially (see _Parno_ at [39]). This
intention need not be stated expressly (see _Parno_ at [38]). As an
illustration, the Singapore High Court recently held that the presumption
against extraterritoriality was rebutted in the Traditional Chinese Medicine
Practitioners Act (Cap 333A, 2001 Rev Ed) (“the Traditional Chinese Medicine
Practitioners Act”) on the basis that extraterritorial application of that
statute would serve Parliamentary intention and would not cause any difficulty
with international comity and enforcement of the statute (see _Huang Danmin v
Traditional Chinese Medicine Practitioners Board_ [2010] SGHC 152 at
[36]-[38]).

103 Applying this general presumption, the Misrepresentation Act is presumed
to apply only to misrepresentations within Singapore territory. Unlike, for
example, s 37 of the Prevention of Corruption Act (Cap 241, 1993 Rev Ed) (“the
Prevention of Corruption Act”), the Misrepresentation Act is silent as to its
geographical scope. It is clear, therefore, that the Singapore Parliament has
not _expressly_ stipulated that it intended that the Misrepresentation Act
apply extraterritorially. However, it seems that the intention underlying the
Misrepresentation Act would be furthered if the Misrepresentation Act were
applied to misrepresentations occurring outside Singapore territory but _only
if_ the applicable law of the relevant contract were Singapore law. The
purpose of the Misrepresentation Act, which is based on the Misrepresentation
Act 1967 (c 7) (UK), is well known and is concisely stated by the editors of
_Chitty on Contracts_ (30th Ed, Sweet & Maxwell, 2008) in the following manner
(at para 6-001):

… Prior to the enactment of the Misrepresentation Act 1967, the position
broadly speaking was that a misrepresentation which induced a person to enter
into a contract gave the representee the right to rescind the contract,
subject to certain conditions, but _generally gave him no right to damages
unless the misrepresentation had contractual force_. Since the coming into
force of the Misrepresentation Act the representee _will always be able to
claim damages for negligent misrepresentation_ in circumstances in which he
could have recovered damages had the misrepresentation been fraudulent. In
addition the Act _gives the court a discretion to refuse to permit a
representee to rescind a contract, but to award him damages in lieu of
rescission_ , if the misrepresentation is negligent or wholly innocent; but it
leaves the representee with an absolute right to rescind where the
misrepresentation is fraudulent. The Act of 1967 _does not, however, alter the
rules as to what constitutes an effective misrepresentation_ … [emphasis
added]

104 It appears, therefore, that the purposes underlying the Misrepresentation
Act are two-fold: (i) to supplement the remedies available to a representee
under common law (more accurately, under the then common law as the seminal
House of Lords decision in _Hedley Byrne & Co Ltd v Heller & Partners Ltd_
[1964] AC 465 had been decided by the time the Misrepresentation Act had been
enacted and had filled the then existing gap, albeit in different manner than
that provided for pursuant to s 2(1) of the Misrepresentation Act (see, for
example, _Cheshire, Fifoot and Furmston’s Law of Contract – Second Singapore
and Malaysian Edition_ (Butterworths Asia, 1998) (“ _Cheshire, Fifoot and
Furmston_ ”) at pp 468–471)); and (ii) to confer the courts with flexibility
in remedial matters by allowing courts to award damages in lieu of rescission,
which flexibility was not available under the common law (pursuant to s 2(2)
of the Misrepresentation Act (see also _Cheshire, Fifoot and Furmston_ at pp
482–484)). These purposes would not appear to be enhanced if the
Misrepresentation Act were applicable to misrepresentations occurring outside
Singapore territory in relation to contracts governed by foreign law. Unlike,
for example, the Prevention of Corruption Act or the Traditional Chinese
Medicine Practitioners Act, the Misrepresentation Act is not intended to
regulate conduct or protect classes of persons. The purposes of such conduct
regulating and protective statutes would, perhaps, be advanced if they are
applied without strict regard to territorial links. A statute that merely
supplements existing common law remedies with respect to the _Singapore_
common law of contract, without serving a conduct regulating or protective
function, on the other hand, does not appear to require _general_
extraterritorial application to have its purposes advanced. If, however, the
relevant contract were governed by Singapore law (whether by express choice or
otherwise), it would appear to be consistent with the purposes of the
Misrepresentation Act to say that it applies even to misrepresentations
occurring outside Singapore territory. In fact, we would suggest that it would
be highly artificial if a choice of Singapore law in a contract only brings
into operation Singapore _common law_ for misrepresentations occurring outside
Singapore territory without the supplementary or facilitative provisions of
the Misrepresentation Act.

105 As we have held, the Investment Agreement might be governed by UAE law
(see above at [85]). It follows, therefore, that the Misrepresentation Act
does not apply because the misrepresentation occurred outside the territory of
Singapore and the Investment Agreement was not governed by Singapore law.
Therefore, the fact that the Respondent has raised a claim based on the
Misrepresentation Act should not be a relevant factor in stage one of the
_Spiliada_ test.

Other connecting factors

(1) The place of the tort

106 As this court accepted in _Rickshaw_ (at [39]), for tort claims, the place
of the tort is _prima facie_ the natural forum. This principle is derived from
_The Albaforth_ (at 96) and was accepted by the House of Lords in _Berezovsky
v Michaels_ [2000] 1 WLR 1004 (at 1014). However, as was observed in
_Rickshaw_ (at [40]), _The Albaforth_ principle is only a _prima facie_
position. As the Hong Kong Court of Appeal recently noted, the place of the
tort may, in some cases, be fortuitous (see _The Peng Yan_ [2009] 1 HKLRD 144
at [28], _per_ Ma CJHC (with whom Cheung J agreed)):

It is therefore important when applying _The Albaforth_ principle in the
context of _forum non conveniens_ applications, to examine just how close a
connection there really exists with any given _forum_. In some cases, the
place of the commission of the tort may be decisive; in others, perhaps not
weighty at all. The underlying principle to be firmly borne in mind is the
basic test in _The Spiliada_ and _The Adhiguna Meranti_. The place of the
commission of the tort may in some cases be quite fortuitous and may provide
no more than a convenient starting point or _prima facie_ position. The court
is required to look into more substantial factors in the application of the
basic test. The present case involved a collision where, quite often, there is
no obvious or natural forum: see _The Spiliada_ at p.477C-D.

107 As we held earlier (see above at [95]), the place of the tort was
Indonesia. Applying the _Albaforth_ principle, Indonesia would, _prima facie_
, be the natural forum, at least for the alternative tort claim. We were of
the view that there was nothing on the facts of this case to displace the
_prima facie_ position. The place of the tort was not fortuitous. Indonesia
was the place from which the misrepresentations were made. Indonesia was also
the place where substantial acts in reliance of the misrepresentation took
place: the Respondent conducted drilling at the Pelaihari Concession because
of the Appellants’ alleged misrepresentations. This is not to say that the
_Albaforth_ principle, whilst applicable in the context of the present
proceedings, is decisive in the present appeal. We were aware that the
Respondent’s claim in tort was framed as an _alternative_ cause of action.

(2) General connections with Singapore and the payment of the Investment Funds
in Singapore

108 The Respondent placed considerable emphasis on certain general connections
that the parties have or have had with Singapore. The Respondent also relied
on the fact that the Investment Funds were paid into Singapore bank accounts.

109 We did not consider these connections to be relevant in stage one of the
_Spiliada_ test. The general connections to Singapore and the payment of the
Investment Funds into Singapore bank accounts have no relevance to the claims
that the Respondent has framed. Only connections that are relevant to the
disputes should be considered in the _forum non conveniens_ analysis (see, for
example, the decision of this court in _The Rainbow Joy_ [2005] 3 SLR(R) 719
at [52] and the English High Court decision of _Vetco Gray UK Ltd v FMC
Technologies Inc_ , [2007] EWHC 540 (Pat) at [26]). The underlying purpose of
the _forum non conveniens_ analysis is to determine whether there is a more
appropriate forum, _viz_ , one “in which the case may be tried more suitably
for the interests of all the parties and the ends of justice” (see _Spiliada_
at 476), and the core inquiry is to determine the place which has the “most
real and substantial connection” with the case (see _Spiliada_ at 478). This
purpose and core inquiry will not be advanced by considering connecting
factors that are not relevant to the dispute because those factors are not
really and substantially connected with the case at hand.

Conclusion on stage one of the Spiliada test

110 On the whole, we were satisfied that Indonesia was clearly or distinctly a
more appropriate forum than Singapore for the trial of the claims concerned.
Indonesia is the place where all the parties have some connection that is
relevant to the dispute. Although not a significant factor in so far as the
proximity of Indonesia to Singapore and the possibility of obtaining evidence
via video-link are concerned, we gave some weight to the fact that the
Appellants intend to call witnesses based in Indonesia. The Appellants have
also argued that they need to rely on Indonesian Witnesses who may have to be
compelled, and the Appellants will more likely be able to compel these
witnesses if the case was heard in Indonesia. In relation to the alternative
claim in tort, it was relevant that Indonesian law was the _lex loci delicti_
and that the place of the tort was Indonesia.

111 Although (as noted above) we considered that UAE law might govern the
Investment Agreement, this was not a factor in favour of Singapore’s candidacy
as the natural forum. It should be recalled that the _forum non conveniens_
analysis is a relative one (see above at [53]). The choice in the present
proceedings was between Indonesia and Singapore. Between Indonesia and
Singapore, it would not be logical for us to consider that Singapore was the
natural forum simply because a third forum, the UAE, had a better or as strong
a claim as Indonesia as the natural forum. In this regard, we found the
English Court of Appeal decision of _Macsteel Commercial Holdings (Pty) Ltd &
Anor v Thermasteel V (Canada) Inc & Anor_ [1996] CLC 1403 (“ _Macsteel_ ”),
which the Appellants discussed at length in their Appellants’ Case, to be a
useful illustration (incidentally, _Macsteel_ was recently considered by this
court in _Siemens AG_ (at [15])). _Macsteel_ was a case where the dispute had
links to Ontario and South Africa. The only link with England was that English
law was expressed to be the governing law of the contract. On those facts, the
court held that the action should be stayed even though both South Africa and
Ontario had _equally_ strong links with the dispute. The court considered it
relevant that the parties were not arguing that the case should be heard in
South Africa. The only comparison was between England and Ontario. As between
England and Ontario, Ontario was the clearly more appropriate forum.

112 In fact, the Singapore High Court case adopted a similar approach to the
English Court of Appeal in _Macsteel_. In _Lehman Brothers Special Financing
Inc v Hartadi Angkosubroto_ [1998] 3 SLR(R) 664, the court considered that the
natural forum was either New York or Indonesia and not Singapore (at [35]).
The High Court accordingly granted the stay.

113 Reference in this regard may also be made to the following views of Prof
Yeo, which were also reproduced above (see above at [53]) (see _Halsbury’s
Laws of Singapore_ at para 75.089):

Fourthly, if the parties have chosen not to have their dispute decided in the
foreign forum with the strongest connections with the case, and this
alternative forum is not put forward to the court for consideration, the court
is still obliged to consider whether any other forum put forward by the
defendant is a clearly more appropriate forum than Singapore. A more difficult
situation arises where the defendant applies to stay Singapore proceedings on
the basis that forum X is clearly more appropriate than Singapore, while the
plaintiff presents evidence that forum Y is clearly more appropriate than
either X or Singapore (but neither the plaintiff nor the defendant is
interested in litigating in Y). In principle, this does not affect the
proposition that the court should _prima facie_ stay the proceedings when the
defendant has demonstrated that there is a clearly more appropriate and
available forum elsewhere.

114 We were satisfied that, on a relative analysis, Indonesia was clearly a
more appropriate forum than Singapore. Accordingly, stage one of the
_Spiliada_ analysis pointed firmly in favour of granting a stay of
proceedings.

Stage two of the _Spiliada_ test

115 It should be noted that no arguments were proffered with respect to this
particular limb of the test in the _Spiliada_. This was not surprising, in our
view, having regard to the relevant facts before us, and we therefore need say
no more about this particular limb.

Conclusion

116 For the reasons set out above, it was clear that Indonesia was clearly and
more distinctly the appropriate forum for the trial of the claims concerned.
We therefore allowed the appeal with costs, and with the usual consequential
orders.

117 We would also like to take this opportunity to commend both Mr Bull and Ms
Gan for their clear arguments. In particular, neither sought to either
exaggerate or even embellish their respective client’s cases but simply
presented their arguments to this court in as cogent and as persuasive a
fashion as possible.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 11 Nov 2010 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

