Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Public Prosecutor _v_ Sufian bin Nordin and others  
[2010] SGHC 74

Case Number| :| Criminal Case No 9 of 2010  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 10 March 2010  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Woo Bih Li J  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Amarjit Singh, Tan Boon Khai and Stella Tan (Deputy
Public Prosecutors) for the Prosecution; Boon Khoon Lim and Dora Chua (Dora
Boon & Co) for the first accused; Foo Cheow Ming (KhattarWong) and Balvir
Singh Gill (B S Gill & Co) for the second accused; John Tay (John Tay & Co)
and Peter Ong (Peter Ong & Raymond Tan) for the third accused; Mohan Das Naidu
(Mohan Das Naidu & Partners) and Rajendran Kumaresan (Central Chambers Law
Corpn) for the fourth accused; Singa Retnam (Kerta & Co) and Ranadhir Gupta (A
Zamzam & Co) for the fifth accused; Amarick Gill (Amarick Gill & Co) and
Adrian Chong (Low Yeap Toh & Goon) for the sixth accused; Ahmad Nizam Abbas
(Straits Law Practice LLC) and Chung Ting Fai (Chung Ting Fai & Co) for the
seventh accused.  
Parties| :|  Public Prosecutor — Sufian bin Nordin and others  
  
10 March 2010| Judgment reserved.  
---|---  
  
Woo Bih Li J:

Introduction

1 There are seven accused persons before me. They are:

1. |  Sufian Bin Nordin @ AF (“B1”) (Male/24 years old) Date of Birth : 14 July 1985   
---|---  
2. |  Suhardi Bin Ali @ “Baby Boy” (“B2”) (Male/30 years old) Date of Birth : 25 July 1979  
3. |  Muhammad Haziq Bin Mohamed (“B3”) (Male/20 years old) Date of Birth : 6 October 1989  
4. |  Luo Weiqiang Jason @ “Ah Seow” or “Bogeh” (“B4”) (Male/22 years old) Date of Birth : 4 February 1988  
5. |  Muhammad Syukur Bin Mohamed Salleh @ “Achok" (“B5”) (Male/19 years old) Date of Birth : 11 June 1990  
6. |  Toh Huang Shee Adrian (“B6”) (Male/19 years old) Date of Birth : 15 January 1991  
7. |  Ahmad Suhaimi Bin Ismail @ “Hustler” or “Small Boy” (“B7”) (Male/17 years old) Date of Birth : 20 May 1992  
  
  

2 They are charged with an offence under s 304(a) read with s 149 of the Penal
Code (Cap 224, 2008 Rev Ed). The charge reads that:

on the 23rd day of February 2008 at or about 6.30 a.m., at Lorong 10 Geylang,
Singapore, together with one Mohamad Najiman Bin Abdull Aziz, male, aged 31
years and one [C], female, aged 15 years, were members of an unlawful
assembly, whose common object was to cause grievous hurt to one Seah Boon Lye,
male, aged 26 years, and while you were members of the said assembly, one or
more of you, in the prosecution of the common object of the said assembly,
caused the death of the said Seah Boon Lye by stabbing and slashing him
numerous times on the head, neck, limbs and other parts of the body with
knives causing multiple incised and other wounds, with the intention of
causing such bodily injury as was likely to cause death, an offence which you
all knew to be likely to be committed in the prosecution of the common object
of that said assembly, and you have, by virtue of section 149 of the Penal
Code, Chapter 224, committed an offence of culpable homicide not amounting to
murder, punishable under section 304(a) of the same Code.

3 Sections 304(a) and 149 of the Penal Code state:

**304**. Whoever commits culpable homicide not amounting to murder shall be
punished —

(a) with imprisonment for life, or imprisonment for a term which may extend to
20 years, and shall also be liable to fine or to caning, if the act by which
death is caused is done with the intention of causing death, or of causing
such bodily injury as is likely to cause death;

…

**149**. If an offence is committed by any member of an unlawful assembly in
prosecution of the common object of that assembly, or such as the members of
that assembly knew to be likely to be committed in prosecution of that object,
every person who, at the time of the committing of that offence, is a member
of the same assembly is guilty of that offence.

4 Section 141(c) designates an unlawful assembly as follows:

**141**. An assembly of 5 or more persons is designated an “unlawful
assembly”, if the common object of the persons composing that assembly is —

**…**

(c) to commit any offence;

…

Circumstances leading to the offence

5 The circumstances leading to the offence were slightly convoluted. The
circumstances, arrest and other relevant information were set out in the
agreed statement of facts (“SOF”) as follows:

**_The Accused Persons_**

There are seven accused persons in this case, …

2 Prior to their arrest, all the seven accused persons were working at or
operating illegal gambling stalls at the back lanes between Lorong 16 and
Lorong 18 in Geylang. Consequently most of the accused persons knew each
other.

**_The Accomplice Not Dealt With_**

3 Together with the above seven accused persons, there is an accomplice who
has not been dealt with at the present moment. He is Mohamad Najiman Bin
Abdull Aziz [“Mohamad Najiman”] @ “Mann”, male/31 years old, NRIC No. [xxx]
[DOB: 12 February 1979].

**_The Accomplices Already Dealt With_**

4 In addition to the seven accused persons and Mohamad Najiman, there were two
other accomplices who were arrested in connection with this case. They have
since been dealt with. They are:

(i) [C], female/17 years old, NRIC No. [xxx] [DOB: 8 September 1992]; and,

(ii) Nur Azimah Binte Razale [“Nur Azimah”] @ “Sepet”, female/21 years old,
NRIC No. [xxx] [DOB: 8 October 1988]

5 On 30 September 2008, [C] was convicted in the Juvenile Court on an amended
charge of Rioting with a Dangerous Weapon, punishable under Section 148 of the
Penal Code, Chapter 224 (2008 Rev. Edn.) [“Penal Code”]. She was sentenced to
two years’ detention at the Singapore Girls’ Home. On the same day, Nur
Azimah, who was then the 2nd accused’s girlfriend, was also convicted in
Subordinate Court No. 18 on an amended charge of Being a Member of an Unlawful
Assembly punishable under Section 143 of the Penal Code. She was sentenced to
undergo reformative training.

6 Like the seven accused persons, Mohamad Najiman, [C] and Nur Azimah too were
earning their livelihood by working at the illegal back-lane makeshift
gambling stalls.

**_The Deceased_**

7 The deceased is one Seah Boon Lye @ “Ah Lye”, male/26 years old, NRIC No.
[xxx] [DOB: 2 September 1981]. Prior to his demise, he was staying at Blk 232
Serangoon Avenue 3 #11-64, Singapore, with his father Seah Eng Kwang, wife Ng
Lay Pheng and their two children, aged five and four years old. The deceased’s
wife was expecting their third child at the time of the offence.

**_Material Witness_**

8 The material witness to this killing is the deceased’s younger brother Seah
Boon Heng [“Seah”] @ “Ah Heng”, male/24 years old, NRIC No. [xxx] [DOB: 12
October 1985]. He was present with the deceased at the time of the incident.
Both the deceased and Seah were then involved in various illegal trades such
as illegal money-lending and dealing in illegal drugs in the Geylang area.

**_The First Information Report_**

9 On 23 February 2008 at about 6.31 am, the police received information routed
by the Singapore Civil Defence Force [“SCDF”] Operations Room reporting a case
of fighting at Lorong 10 or Lorong 12, Geylang, Singapore.

**_Response by the SCDF_**

10 Following this report, paramedics from the SCDF arrived at Lorong 10
Geylang at about 6.33 am. They attended immediately to the deceased, who was
seen lying in a pool of blood in the middle of road at Lorong 10 Geylang,
between two coffee shops. As the deceased had no pulse and was not breathing,
the paramedics proceeded to commence Cardio Respiratory Resuscitation on him,
before conveying him to the hospital in the ambulance. At 6.50 am, the
ambulance arrived at Tan Tock Seng Hospital [“TTSH”] and the deceased was
referred to Accident and Emergency Department. Efforts to revive the deceased
proved futile, and he was pronounced dead at 6.59 am.

**_Police Investigations_**

11 A massive police investigation was immediately launched into the killing of
the deceased, leading to the arrest of some of the accused persons the
following day (i.e. 24 February 2008). The remaining accused persons were
arrested in the following days thereafter. Police investigations then revealed
that the deceased was killed by the accused persons following differences over
two major issues the details of which are as follows.

**_A._** **_The Circumstances Leading to the Attack on and the Death of the
Deceased_**

**_(i)_** **_Purchase of Illicit Drugs by the Deceased from the 2 nd
accused_**

12 On 18 February 2008, the deceased and his brother, Seah, agreed to purchase
2.5 grams of “ICE” [“methamphetamine”] for $800 from the 2nd accused, Suhardi,
from whom they had previously purchased such drugs.

13 The 2nd accused promised the deceased and Seah that he would deliver the
methamphetamine to them within 45 minutes. The 2nd accused then apparently
contacted the 7th accused, Ahmad Suhaimi, who in turn made arrangements to
obtain the methamphetamine from an unknown drugs supplier. The 2nd accused
however failed to deliver the drugs to the deceased and Seah as promised. The
deceased and Seah therefore attempted to find out the whereabouts of the 2nd
accused from his friends and acquaintances in the Geylang, including some of
the accused persons as well as the two accomplices, Nur Azimah (the 2nd
accused’s girlfriend) and [C].

14 On the early morning of the next day, 19 February 2008, when the deceased
and Seah eventually managed to meet up with the 2nd accused and the
methamphetamine was passed over to them, they rejected the methamphetamine as
the quantity handed over was substantially less than what they had paid for.
The deceased and Seah then asked the 2nd accused to pay back the $800, but the
2nd accused refused. Instead, the 2nd accused called the 7th accused to
explain the discrepancy in the amount of methamphetamine delivered. Eventually
the 2nd accused took back the methamphetamine and assured both the deceased
and Seah that he would deliver the correct quantity of methamphetamine to them
later. After the 2nd accused left, the 7th accused informed the deceased and
Seah that he knew some drugs suppliers and there was therefore no need for the
deceased and Seah to worry about the delivery of the methamphetamine. Both the
deceased and Seah however did not take kindly to what they perceived was the
7th accused’s boasting and making of empty assurances, as they saw that he was
merely a young boy then about 15 years of age, and who was attempting to
trivialise the issue of the failure to deliver the drugs. Seah admonished the
7th accused and told him not to interfere in the affair. The 7th accused felt
slighted by the deceased and Seah’s retort to him.

15 Despite his promise to deliver the correct amount of drugs, the 2nd accused
failed to deliver the methamphetamine to the deceased and Seah and remained
uncontactable for the next two days. This again caused the deceased and Seah
to look for some of the accused persons and the accomplices to get them to
reveal the whereabouts of the 2nd accused. When the deceased and Seah
subsequently bumped into the 2nd accused’s girlfriend, Nur Azimah, the
deceased and Seah pestered her about the whereabouts of the 2nd accused.
However, Nur Azimah told the deceased and Seah that she did not know the
whereabouts of the 2nd accused. She further told them to “fuck off from
Geylang”. Seah became angry with Nur Azimah, and scolded her, given that the
2nd accused, who was her boyfriend, was the party at fault for failing to
deliver the requisite amount of methamphetamine.

16 On an occasion, in the course of looking for the 2nd accused, the deceased
and Seah drove past Lorong 18 Geylang and chanced upon a group of persons that
included the 3rd and 7th accused. When the deceased queried them about the
whereabouts of the 2nd accused, the group turned hostile. Seeing that they
were outnumbered, the deceased told Seah to get a watermelon knife, and
thereafter brandished the knife at the group. The deceased also told them to
find the 2nd accused, who had now apparently disappeared with their $800.

17 On the same day, the deceased and Seah approached Nur Azimah again in her
hotel room to ask her where the 2nd accused was. When she again replied that
she did not know, the deceased and Seah decided to take some items from Nur
Azimah’s room that they suspected belonged to the 2nd accused, as collateral
for the return of the $800. The deceased then took an amplifier in the hotel
room. Nur Azimah resisted attempts by the deceased and Seah to take the
amplifier resulting in a scuffle between her and the deceased. In the midst of
the scuffle, Nur Azimah claimed that the deceased had slapped her, although
this was denied by Seah.

18 The following day, when Nur Azimah called the 2nd accused, she told him
that she was beaten up by the deceased and Seah. When Nur Azimah subsequently
met the 2nd accused in their hotel room, the latter assured her that he was
going to “settle things out” with the deceased and Seah.

19 Investigations by the police also revealed that about two or three days
before the commission of this offence, while they were trying to ascertain the
whereabouts of the 2nd accused, the deceased and Seah met with the 1st
accused, Sufian, and they proceeded to consume some drugs in the 1st accused’s
hotel room. When the 1st accused fell asleep thereafter, Seah took away the
1st accused’s handphone, MP4 player and portable DVD player. When the 1st
accused discovered that his belongings were missing, he became angry with the
deceased and Seah and told the 7th accused in Malay _“Aku kalau jumpa dorang
mati lah dorang. Aku dah standby untuk gantung”_ (meaning, “If I meet them
they will die. I am ready to be hanged”).

20 Police investigations also revealed that in that same week, the deceased
and Seah had helped the 1st accused to collect his outstanding salary of $50
from the 1st accused’s former illegal gambling stall boss nicknamed “Max”.
However, Seah failed to pass the money to the 1st accused.

21 Police investigations further revealed that about two days before the
commission of the offence, the 7th accused and the 2nd accused started talking
to some of the other accused persons, including the 1st and 3rd accused
persons, Sufian and Haziq, and Mohamad Najiman, about their troubles with the
deceased and Seah. The 7th accused told Mohamed Najiman, who was employed as a
bouncer to maintain order at the gambling stalls in the back lanes, that the
deceased and Seah were giving them problems. The 2nd accused also related to
Mohamad Najiman about the amplifier that the deceased and Seah had taken from
his room and that the deceased had pushed his girlfriend, Nur Azimah. Mohamad
Najiman, who was then with the 5th accused, Muhammad Syukur, told them “if
anything happened, to call me”.

22 On 21 February 2008, the deceased and Seah finally located the 2nd accused.
The 2nd accused claimed that he had already handed over the $800 that they
gave him to the 7th accused who was not able to obtain the correct amount of
drugs. However, the deceased and Seah did not believe him, and believed that
the 2nd accused had cheated them.

**_(ii)_** **_Missing S$200 handed to the 7th accused, Ahmad Suhaimi_**

23 Police investigations further revealed that on 20 February 2008 at about
8.10 pm, one Muhammad Hafiq [“Hafiq”], a worker at one of the illegal gambling
stalls and who was known to the deceased, Seah and most of the accused
persons, was arrested in Geylang for offences of promoting public gaming and
possession of contraband cigarettes. Hafiq was closest to the 7th accused.
Later that day, Hafiq called the 7th accused and asked him to raise $200 to
pay for the composition fine for the possession of the contraband cigarettes
and also to post bail for him.

24 The 7th accused approached one Tan Boon Kiam [“Tan”] for help as Hafiq had
worked at his illegal gambling stall. Tan worked for one Ng Kum Seng [“Ng’],
who operated several gambling stalls in Geylang, and was also regarded as a
senior member of the “Sio Loh Kuan” secret society group. With Ng’s agreement,
Tan handed over $200 to the 7th accused in the presence of Seah. It was
intended that this $200 would be used to pay Hafiq’s composition fine and that
he would be bailed out. However, it later transpired that Hafiq’s composition
fine was not paid and neither was he bailed out. When Tan and Ng subsequently
queried the 7th accused about what happened to the S$200 handed over to him,
the 7th accused alleged that he had given the $200 to Seah. Seah however
denied receiving the $200 from the 7th accused. As a result, Tan and Ng
arranged for a “settlement talk” involving themselves, the 7th accused and
Seah at Lorong 19 Geylang in the early morning of 23 February 2008 to resolve
this matter.

25 The 4th accused, Jason Luo, who was previously acquainted with 1st, 2nd,
3rd accused persons and Mohamad Najiman, as they were all involved in the
operation of illegal gambling stalls in Geylang, learnt from them about the
2nd accused’s dispute with the deceased and Seah. He was also acquainted with
the deceased and Seah, as he had previously borrowed money from them, and the
deceased and Seah had periodically demanded the return of this money from him.

26 News of this “settlement talk” spread, and soon all accused persons became
aware of this. Some of the accused persons started to ready knives to be
brought along for the “settlement talk” or any other eventuality that may
result.

**_(iii)_** **_Weapons prepared to be brought for the “settlement talk”_**

27 The 1st accused prepared a kitchen knife, the handle of which he wrapped
with a white cloth as he did not want to leave his fingerprints on it. The 3rd
and 7th accused also each purchased a watermelon knife to be brought for the
“settlement talk”.

28 The 4th accused asked the 6th accused, Adrian, who had just started working
for him a few days earlier at the illegal gambling stall, to accompany him to
buy two knives. The 6th accused agreed. The 6th accused also agreed to the 4th
accused’s request for him to join in the fight with the deceased and Seah, if
the need arose.

29 Just before 5 am on 23 February 2008, the 1st, 3rd, 4th, 6th and 7th
accused, armed with knives, made their way to Lorong 19 Geylang for the
“settlement talk”. They were joined by the 2nd accused, who claimed that he
wanted to resolve the issue of non-delivery of the methamphetamine and why the
deceased had slapped his girlfriend, Nur Azimah. The accomplices Nur Azimah
and [C] also joined the accused persons and proceeded towards the location of
the “settlement talk”.

**_B._** **_The “settlement talk”_**

30 At about 5.00 am, Tan and Ng called Seah and the 7th accused to meet them
at Lorong 19 Geylang for the “settlement talk”. The deceased and Seah arrived
at the location soon thereafter. The deceased was armed with a metal rod that
he concealed under his shirt’s sleeve, while Seah wore a metal belt. Shortly
thereafter, a group comprising the 2nd, 3rd, 4th, 6th and 7th accused who were
together with [C] and Nur Azimah also arrived at Lorong 19 Geylang. At around
the same time, the 5th accused and Mohamad Najiman also arrived at the scene.
Upon their arrival, the 5th accused approached the 7th accused and told him
that he did not have any weapon with him, whereupon the 7th accused handed
over his watermelon knife to the 5th accused. This was witnessed by the 6th
accused, who was himself armed. Soon thereafter, the 1st accused also arrived,
armed with his own knife.

31 Facilitated by Tan and Ng, the initial issue discussed was between the 7th
accused and Seah about the $200 that Tan passed to the 7th accused to pay the
composition fine, and which money was now unaccounted for. The 7th accused
denied that he had pocketed the money, while Seah insisted that the 7th
accused did not hand over the money to him. This issue ended with the 7th
accused stating that if he had taken this money, he would pay it back to Tan.
The deceased and Seah then claimed that they had been cheated by the 2nd
accused of $800, which they had handed over to the 2nd accused for the
purchase of methamphetamine. The 2nd accused claimed that out of the $800, he
had kept $200 as a reward for procuring the methamphetamine, while the
remaining $600 was passed to the 7th accused as he was the one liaising with
the drugs supplier for the supply of the methamphetamine.

32 Upon hearing this, Seah grabbed the neck of the 7th accused, and stated
that all the misunderstandings were created by him. The deceased and Seah then
asked the 7th accused to repay them $50 every day in order to repay the full
$800. Before they left Lorong 19 Geylang, the deceased took the 7th accused’s
handphone away, and passed it to Seah, stating that the handphone would be
kept as collateral until the 7th accused had repaid the money. Both the
deceased and Seah then walked away towards Lorong 10 Geylang. Tan and Ng also
left the scene.

**_C._** **_The Pursuit of and the Attack on the Deceased and Seah_**

33 As the deceased and Seah walked away from Lorong 19 Geylang, Mohamad
Najiman felt that the deceased should not be let off without getting back the
7th accused’s handphone. Addressing the 2nd accused, Mohamad Najiman asked him
whether he was going to allow the deceased and Seah to go just like that.
According to the 2nd accused, he also heard someone ask him whether he wanted
to ask the deceased about the matter concerning “Sepet” (i.e. Nur Azimah). The
1st accused also queried loudly where the deceased and Seah were going. The
1st accused then drew out his knife, and all the accused persons left Lorong
19 Geylang to confront the deceased and Seah.

34 In the meantime, the deceased and Seah went into the coffee-shop located at
No. 232 Geylang Road, at the vicinity of Lorong 10 Geylang, to have breakfast.
As they were about to order their food, they were suddenly confronted by a
group of persons led by the 2nd accused, with the 3rd accused standing on his
left. The 2nd accused shouted, “Who slapped Sepet (i.e. Nur Azimah)?” before
landing a punch on the deceased’s face. This was quickly followed by some of
the accused persons, who unleashed their knives to attack the deceased. Before
the 2nd accused could do anything else, he realised that his right hand was
slashed deeply by someone from his back and he retreated backwards out of the
coffee shop to tend to his injury.

35 In the meantime, seeing that they were vastly outnumbered, Seah threw a
chair and pushed a table aside. Both Seah and the deceased then ran out of the
coffee shop to the road at Lorong 10 Geylang where they were chased by the
accused persons. While Seah managed to run away, the deceased was confronted
by the 7th accused in the middle of the road between the two coffee shops. The
deceased was floored by a kick delivered by the 7th accused, who claimed that
he saw the deceased charging at him with a metal rod raised.

**_D._** **_Assault on the Deceased_**

36 As the deceased fell to the ground, he was surrounded and attacked. Seah
had, by then, managed to run further down the road along Lorong 10 Geylang,
and the accused persons gave up chasing him.

37 Police investigations revealed that while the deceased was lying on the
road, he was viciously attacked by all the accused persons, except the 2nd
accused (whose hand had been accidentally slashed by one of his accomplices)
and Mohamad Najiman, who was with other accused persons at the scene but did
not himself attack the deceased. In particular, the 1st accused was
particularly vicious in the assault on the deceased as the accomplice [C] and
others witnessed him:

(i)using his knife to slash and then stabbed the deceased’s neck, shoulder and
head region; and,

(ii)hold up the deceased’s right hand and slash the deceased’s lower right
arm.

38 The 1st accused also admitted in his statement to the police that he was so
angry with the deceased that “I took out my knife and stabbed Ah Lye (i.e. the
deceased) once on his back somewhere near the left side of his shoulder and
neck region”.

39 In his statement to the police, the 3rd accused admitted that after seeing
the 1st accused person slash the deceased on his neck region, he slashed the
deceased on his right shoulder, right elbow and right leg with his knife.

40 The 4th accused admitted in his statements that he was present at the
settlement talk and had subsequently followed the deceased and Seah to Lorong
10 Geylang with the others. When he saw the deceased being attacked, he took
out his knife and “sliced the deceased on his [right] upper arm and the
deceased dropped to the floor”.

41 In his statements to the police, the 5th accused admitted that he was
recruited by Mohamad Najiman to assist him in his work as a bouncer at the
gambling stalls. On the morning of the incident, he stated that Mohamad
Najiman had told him that the 2nd and the 7th accused were “surrounded” by
Chinese people and suggested that they go over to take a look. On arriving at
Lorong 19 Geylang, they saw the 7th accused arguing with the deceased and
Seah. The 5th accused stated that “he felt a sudden surge of aggressiveness”.
He approached the 7th accused and asked him if he had a knife. Later the 7th
accused passed a watermelon knife to him, which he then concealed under his
waist and his T-shirt. He too followed the others when they went to confront
the deceased and Seah at Lorong 10 Geylang. On the road, he saw that the
deceased was surrounded by at least five or six male subjects. They were
punching and kicking the deceased. The 5th accused stated that he found a
space for himself and sliced the deceased once on his right arm with his
watermelon knife and another time on his leg.

42 In his statements, the 6th accused admitted that when the deceased was
lying on the road at Lorong 10 Geylang, he slashed his lower arm and back
about three to four times. However, there was no blood on his knife as he had
slashed the deceased “lightly”. The 6th accused also stated that thereafter,
when Seah ran back towards the deceased with the iron rod that was with the
deceased earlier, he took out his knife and challenged Seah to come forward.
However, Seah fled and he (i.e. the 6th accused) also left the scene.

43 After the assault, Mohamad Najiman, who had himself not assaulted the
deceased, shouted “cukup” (meaning enough) in Malay and all the accused
persons fled the scene. After the accused persons had left, Seah returned to
the scene and approached the deceased, who was lying in a pool of blood on the
road. He noticed that the deceased’s lips had turned pale, and that the
deceased did not respond to his calls.

44 Meanwhile, the 1st , 2nd, 3rd, 4th, and 7th accused together with [C] ran
into Nur Azimah near Lorong 12 Geylang, and all of them returned to the 2nd
accused’s hotel room nearby, where the 2nd accused’s injured hand was dressed.

45 Police investigations further reveal that after the assault on the
deceased, while they were leaving the scene, the 1st accused told the 6th
accused that the deceased “confirmed will die”. Along the way near Lorong 14
Geylang, the 1st accused also met one Fareed Bin Serlan, a friend who was also
working at the illegal gambling stalls in the back lanes of Geylang, and told
him that he had stabbed the deceased in the neck, and that the deceased was
going to die. The 1st accused also subsequently told Mak Kian Chye, another
co-worker at the illegal gambling stalls, and Nur Azimah, that he had stabbed
the deceased in the neck.

46 While fleeing from the scene, the 4th and 6th accused separately hid their
knives in an incense burning pit at the back-lane of Lorong 16 Geylang. The
1st accused also handed over his knife to the 4th accused, who similarly hid
the knife in the same pit. Later the 7th accused handed over another knife to
the 4th accused at the said place. These knives were subsequently recovered by
the police (see paragraph 51 below) in the course of police investigations and
sent to the Health Sciences Authority [“HSA’] for examination. The 3rd accused
claimed that he threw his watermelon knife into a drain opposite Hotel 81
Palace, along Lorong 16 Geylang. The 5th accused claimed that he threw his
watermelon knife into the Kallang River near his residence. These knives were
not recovered.

**_Medical Report on the Deceased_**

47 A medical report submitted by Dr. Ooi Chee Kheong of the Emergency
Department at TTSH revealed that the deceased was found with the following
injuries upon his arrival to the hospital:

(i) Bruises and abrasions over the right eyebrow and forehead;

(ii) Wound over the right side of the head measuring 20 cm with underlying
skull fracture;

(iii) Wound extending from the right ear to the base of neck measuring 30 cm;

(iv) Wound over the base of the neck measuring 3 cm;

(v) Laceration of right ear;

(vi) Bruise over the right maxilla (cheek);

(vii) Wound over the right side of the back measuring 10 cm;

(viii) Wound over the left side of the back measuring 5 cm;

(ix) Multiple abrasions over the back;

(x) Right wrist near amputation; and,

(xi) Wound over the right calf measuring 10cm.

**_Autopsy Report on the Deceased_**

48 On 24 February 2008 at about 10.15 am, an autopsy was performed on the
deceased by Senior Consultant Forensic Pathologist Dr Teo Eng Swee. The
following injuries were recorded:

(i) An incised 10 cm long wound on the scalp over the left parietal region;

(ii) An incised 9 cm long wound over the right back of the head, over the
right superior occipital and right posterior parietal region;

(iii) An incised wound over the back of the neck extending from the left
trapezius region to the right mastoid region;

(iv) Two superficial incised wounds over the middle of the back of the pinna
of the right ear

(v) A superficial incised wound 0.5 cm long over the upper back of the pinna
of the right ear

(vi) An incised wound of the lower part of the pinna of the right ear, with an
incised ear lobe;

(vii) Two incised wounds over the right mastoid process involving the dermis,
each 0.5 cm long,

(viii) An incised stab wound over the right trapezius region measuring 2.1 cm
in length, resulting in haemopericardium and right haemothora;

(ix) A group of three injuries of the lower right side of the back consisting
of a superficial incised wound of 13 x 0.2 cm, an intra-dermal bruise of 11 x
0.2 cm and an abrasion of 2.5 cm in length;

(x) A superficial incised wound of 0.6 cm long over the upper back part of the
left arm;

(xi) An incised wound of 3 cm long over the dorsum of the knuckle and the
dorsum of the proximal phalange, of the left little finger;

(xii) A gaping incised wound of 7.5 x 3 cm, over the dorsal and lateral
aspects of the right wrist;

(xiii) A group of incised wounds forming a gaping wound over the dorsum of the
right hand and over the lateral aspect of the knuckle of the right thumb;

(xiv) A gaping incised wound over the upper part of the calf of the left leg
measuring 8 x 5 cm; and,

(xv) Numerous abrasions and bruises on the face, chest, and right lower limb
and left lower limb.

49 The cause of death was certified as _“(1a) Hemorrhage due to (1b) Multiple
Incised Wounds”_. In his interviews with the Prosecution, Dr Teo Eng Swee
further stated that he was of the opinion that injuries (viii) [injury No. 8
at page 5 of the Autopsy Report] and (xii) above [injury No. 13 at page 6 of
the Autopsy Report] were sufficient to cause death in the ordinary course of
nature.

**_Arrest of the Accused Persons_**

50 On the day after the offence (i.e. 24 February 2008), following successful
ambushes, the 1st, 2nd, 3rd and 7th accused were arrested at various locations
in Singapore.

51 The following day, on 25 February 2008, the 4th accused was arrested at the
back-lane of Lorong 16 Geylang. He subsequently led the police to an incense
burning pit at the immediate vicinity to recover four knives which were
subsequently confirmed to have been used to attack the deceased. The
descriptions of the knives are as follows:

(i) One kitchen knife with a blade measuring 22.5 cm [_marked “GLT-04”_]

(ii) One kitchen knife with a blade measuring 20 cm [_marked “GLT-05”_]

(iii) One kitchen knife with a blade measuring 22.5 cm [_marked “GLT-06”_]

(iv) One kitchen knife with a blade measuring 19 cm [_marked “GLT-07”_]

52 On 12 March 2008, Mohamad Najiman was apprehended at his residence.
Following an ambush, the 5th accused was arrested at Ang Mo Kio Avenue 5 on 13
March 2008. On 15 March 2008, the 6th accused was arrested pursuant to a
warrant of arrest issued against him in connection to the deceased’s death by
Ang Mo Kio Police Division patrol officers, who were attending to a case of
noise pollution at Yishun Street 11.

**_Reports from HSA_**

**_(i)_** **_Lab No. CR-2008-00075 dated 22 August 2008_**

53The Criminalistics Laboratory Report prepared by Kee Koh Kheng, a scientist
with the HSA, stated that fibres similar to the deceased’s shirt were found on
the knives marked “GLT-05”, “GLT-06” and “GLT-07”. The report also stated that
the tears and damage consisting of a combination of cuts and tears found on
the shirt and shorts worn by the deceased at the time of the offence, and the
damage and cut found on the deceased’s shoes could have been made by a tool
with a sharp or blunt cutting edge, such as the knives marked “GLT-04”,
“GLT-05”, “GLT-06” and “GLT-07”.

**_(ii)_** **_Lab No. DN-2008-00403 dated 1 Sep 2008_**

54The DNA Report prepared by Ang Hwee Chen, a forensic scientist with the HSA,
stated that the 1st accused’s DNA, alongside the DNA of the deceased and
others unknown, was found on the knife marked “GLT-05”. The report further
stated that the 6th accused’s DNA was found on the knife marked “GLT-06”.

**_(iii)_** **_Lab No. DN-2008-00453 dated 8 Sep 2008_**

55Another DNA Report prepared by Ang Hwee Chen stated that the deceased’s DNA
was found on the 3rd accused’s right slipper, which he wore at the time of the
offence. The report further stated that the deceased’s DNA was also found on
the 7th accused’s black T-shirt and right slipper, which he wore at the time
of the offence.

**_Conclusion_**

56 The accused persons were members of an unlawful assembly, whose common
object was to cause grievous hurt to the deceased and Seah. While being
members of the said unlawful assembly the 1st, 3rd, 4th, 5th, and 6th accused
persons were armed with knives that were intended to cause grievous injuries
to the deceased and Seah.

57 In furtherance of the common object of the said unlawful assembly, Mohamad
Najiman and the 1st accused instigated the other accused persons to attack the
deceased and Seah at Lorong 10 Geylang. The 2nd accused started the assault by
punching the deceased while the 7th accused kicked the deceased, causing him
to fall onto the road. Thereafter, the deceased was attacked with knives by
the 1st, 3rd, 4th, 5th, and 6th accused persons. Blows and kicks were also
inflicted on the deceased as he lay on the road. The deceased died from the
injuries inflicted on him as a consequence, which injuries the accused persons
knew to be likely to be inflicted in the prosecution of the common object of
that assembly.

Reasons for sentencing

6 Counsel for B3 sought probation or reformative training. Counsel for B5, B6
and B7 submitted that reformative training was appropriate. Counsel for B1
submitted that the sentence should not be life imprisonment. Counsel for B2
submitted that the custodial sentence should not be more than ten years and
that B2 should receive the least severe of the sentences. Counsel for B4
submitted that a sentence of less than ten years would be appropriate.

7 The prosecution submitted that the principles of retribution, deterrence and
prevention should prevail. The prosecution sought a custodial sentence towards
the upper end of 20 years’ imprisonment for B3 to B7 and life imprisonment for
B1 and B2.

8 I have considered whether rehabilitation should be the dominant
consideration especially for each of those accused persons below the age of 21
years of age.

9 In _Public Prosecutor v Leong Soon Kheong_ [2009] 4 SLR(R) 63, the Court of
Appeal said at [26] to [28] and [31]:

26 In this genre of group violence, the two most pressing sentencing
considerations are the principles of general deterrence and retribution. In PP
v Law Aik Meng [2007] 2 SLR(R) 814 , the High Court emphatically underscored
the particular relevance of general deterrence in cases involving group
offences. The court noted at [25(b)]:

Examples of particular circumstances of an offence which may attract general
deterrence include:

...

(b) Group/syndicate offences: The fact that an offence was committed by two or
more persons may be regarded as an aggravating factor (see Sentencing Practice
at p 84). Group offences generally result in greater harm. Another significant
factor is that the victim is likely to be in greater fear in cases where
physical intimidation is exerted. Further, group pressure to perpetuate such
offences may add to their persistency, and group dynamics necessarily imply
greater harm or damage: see Professor Andrew Ashworth in Sentencing and
Criminal Justice (Cambridge University Press, 2005, 4th Ed) ('Sentencing and
Criminal Justice') at p 157. ...

[emphasis in original]

27 Furthermore, the court noted (at [25(c)]), that gratuitous violence would
fall under the broad category of public disquiet, which would also invoke the
principle of general deterrence. As was said in PP v V Murugesan [2005] SGHC
160 (at [55]),"[violent] [p]erpetrators are punished not just for the physical
harm they inflict but also for the life-long trauma, debilitating emotional
distress and anguish they callously and cruelly inflict and sentence their
victims to suffer in silence". To this, we need only add that the traumatic
effect of a violent crime on a victim's family and loved ones ought not to be
forgotten.

28 This is not to say that other sentencing considerations such as specific
deterrence and rehabilitation are invariably irrelevant in cases such as this.
Their relevance and the weightage to be given will have to be assessed
carefully in the light of the circumstances prevailing in each matter.

…

31 In our view, relevant considerations in sentencing (some of which may be
aggravating factors) for group violence include facts such as:

(a) the actual train of events leading to the attack. It will be relevant to
take into account the level of pre-meditation or planning involved. This is
not to say, however, that incidents that erupt suddenly are to be evaluated
more benignly;

(b) the number of offenders involved;

(c) whether weapons were used. This factor is usually connected with the level
of planning that precedes an incident: see (a) above. The use of a weapon is
often an aggravating circumstance although the absence of one is at best a
neutral consideration. A fist can also be a lethal instrument of harm;

(d) the response of the victim to the attack. Assaulting a defenceless and
vulnerable victim who offers no resistance can never be viewed lightly. This,
of course, does not mean that the response of a victim who seeks to protect
himself can ever justify an attack or the continuation thereof;

(e) the duration of the attack;

(f) the extent and nature of the injuries inflicted on the victim;

(g) the role and participation of each of the offender(s) in the sequence of
events leading to as well as during the attack, assuming this can be clearly
delineated;

(h) the reasons for the assault including the existence of "provocation" by
the victim. Here, we should add that any manner of retaliatory conduct by the
accused, short of what is permissible under the PC, ought not to be condoned;

(i) the level of public fear or alarm generated by the incident;

(j) the nature of violence involved;

(k) whether gratuitous violence was involved;

(l) the commission of any other offence by the offender(s) during the course
of the attack;

(m) the prevalence of the particular offence; and

(n) whether the violence was directed against a vulnerable victim.

[emphasis in original]

10 In the circumstances before me, there was some pre-meditation and planning.
The group was planning to act violently and that was why some of them armed
themselves before going for the “settlement talk”. Even then, the attack did
not occur at the talk but only after the talk ended and the deceased and Seah
had gone away. They were having breakfast when the group set upon them. The
group comprised seven or more persons and knives were used. The attack was not
confined to the coffee shop. The group continued to chase the deceased and
Seah as they ran out of the coffee shop. Seah managed to run away but the
deceased was confronted again in the middle of the road between two coffee
shops and was floored by a kick. The group then surrounded and attacked him,
except that B2 and Mohamed Najiman did not personally attack the deceased
then. Multiple serious and vicious injuries were inflicted on the deceased.
The attacks took place in a public place and must have caused alarm and fear
to innocent bystanders. Indeed, they were at risk of serious injury as can be
seen by the fact that B2 was himself injured, probably by one of the
attackers.

11 B2 and Mohamed Najiman appeared to be the leaders. B2 was also the one who
signalled the attack by landing the first blow on the deceased although he
himself was not armed.

12 B2 and B7 were the most responsible, among the accused persons, for the
matters that gave rise to the tension with the deceased and Seah, although B7
was the youngest among the accused persons. B7 was not armed during the
attacks but that was because he had handed his weapon to B5.

13 B1 did query loudly where the deceased and Seah were going. Presumably,
this was the instigation by B1 which the prosecution was referring to (see
paras 33 and 57 of the agreed SOF). However, the person who led the group to
go after Seah and the deceased was B2 (see para 34 of the agreed SOF). B1 also
had reasons to be angry as his personal belongings were taken by Seah. He did
make a statement to suggest that he would kill the deceased and Seah (see para
19 of the agreed SOF) but that could have been his instantaneous response upon
discovering that items were missing. He also did make a statement after the
group was leaving the scene that the deceased “confirmed will die” (see para
45 of the agreed SOF) but it is not clear whether that was a boast or not.

14 B1 was said to be particularly vicious (see para 37 of the agreed SOF which
also states that the deceased was viciously attacked by all the accused
persons).

15 B6’s knife did not have any blood but, in my view, that was fortuitous.
There was no suggestion that he deliberately missed his target.

16 On the other hand, the deceased and his brother were partly to blame for
the tension which arose and which led to the attacks. The deceased was also
armed with a metal rod.

17 Having considered all the circumstances, including the seriousness of the
nature of the offence, I am of the view that deterrence and retribution are
the more pressing considerations. A strong signal must be sent to those who
are minded to group or gang together to attack others in a public place that
such attacks will be treated severely. Accordingly, I am of the view that
reformative training is not appropriate for those accused persons below the
age of 21. I would however mention that I am not saying that reformative
training is never appropriate in a case including s 304(a) read with s 149. It
depends on the circumstances.

18 As for all the accused persons, I am of the view that they should all be
treated similarly except for B2. I do not accept the prosecution’s submission
that B1 should be treated more harshly and be placed in the same category as
B2 because he had attacked more vigorously than the others and because of the
statements he had made before and after the attacks. Considering the totality
of all the evidence and his role in the matter, I am of the view that the
points mentioned by the prosecution did not justify treating B1 more harshly.

19 As for B2, he is the oldest of the accused persons. He and B7 were the most
responsible among the accused persons for the tension which arose. He was also
a leader among the accused persons. He led them to the coffee shop and landed
the first blow which signalled the attack. Although he stopped participating
in the attacks, this was not due to an act of restraint on his part but
because he had been inadvertently injured.

20 In addition, B2 has an antecedent of a violent crime whilst being a member
of an unlawful assembly which resulted in the death of the victim. On 29
January 2004, he was convicted in DAC No 51846 of 2003 on a charge under s 325
read with s 149 of the Penal Code of voluntarily causing grievous hurt and was
sentenced by a District Court to six years and 12 strokes of the cane. There
was a fatality in this incident.

21 He was also on the same day convicted and sentenced as follows:

(a) in DAC No 23998 of 2003 on a charge under s 147 of the Penal Code – three
years’ imprisonment and six strokes of the cane (the sentence of imprisonment
to run concurrently with DAC 51846 of 2003). Apparently, there were two
persons who were injured in this incident;

(b) in DAC No 23999 of 2003 on a charge under s 379 of the Penal Code – nine
months’ imprisonment (the sentence to run consecutively with DAC No 51846 of
2003).

He was released from prison on 5 December 2007 and committed the present
offence within a few months, _ie_ , on 23 February 2008.

22 On the other hand, I have taken into account the following as well:

(a) All the accused persons pleaded guilty;

(b) B3 to B7 were below 21 years of age when the crime was committed and B1
was 22 years of age;

(c) B1, B3, B5 to B7 were first time offenders in respect of a violent crime.
In this regard, I did not single out B4 for harsher sentence in the totality
of the circumstances even though he had been convicted and sentenced to one
month’s imprisonment for a charge under s 332 of the Penal Code, which
involved voluntarily causing hurt to a public servant. Neither did the
prosecution press for a harsher sentence for him.

(d) The deceased and Seah were not entirely innocent victims. They had
contributed to the events which led to the attacks. The deceased himself was
armed with a metal rod. However, I did not accept the submissions of various
defence counsel that those accused persons who were armed, were armed solely
for the purpose of defence as a result of past incidents and in view of the
“settlement talk”.

23 I have also considered sentencing precedents for s 304(a) offences. In
doing so, I took into account the fact that under the previous s 304(a), the
permissible custodial sentence was life imprisonment or imprisonment for up to
ten years whereas under the present s 304(a), it is life imprisonment or
imprisonment for up to 20 years. The liability in principle for fine or caning
remains the same.

24 In the circumstances, I sentence the first and third to seventh accused
persons as follows:

(a) |  B1 |  - |  12 years’ imprisonment from 26 February 2008 (being the date of first arraignment) and ten strokes of the cane.  
---|---|---|---  
(b) |  B3 |  - |  12 years’ imprisonment from 26 February 2008 (being the date of first arraignment) and ten strokes of the cane.  
(c) |  B4 |  - |  12 years’ imprisonment from 27 February 2008 (being the date of first arraignment) and ten strokes of the cane.  
(d) |  B5 |  - |  12 years’ imprisonment from 14 March 2008 (being the date of first arraignment) and ten strokes of the cane.  
(e) |  B6 |  - |  12 years’ imprisonment from 16 March 2008 (being the date of first arraignment) and ten strokes of the cane.  
(f) |  B7 |  - |  12 years’ imprisonment from 26 February 2008 (being the date of first arraignment) and ten strokes of the cane.  
  
  

25 I sentence B2 to 20 years’ imprisonment from 26 February 2008 (being the
date of first arraignment) and 18 strokes of the cane.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 10 Mar 2010 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

