Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Mohamed Amin bin Mohamed Taib and others _v_ Lim Choon Thye and others  
[2010] SGHC 341

Case Number| :| Originating Summons No 17 of 2008  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 18 November 2010  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Judith Prakash J  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Gary Low and Emmanual Chua (Drew & Napier LLC) for the
plaintiffs; Ranvir Kumar Singh (Unilegal LLC) for the first to sixth
defendants; Vijay Kumar Rai (Arbiters' Inc Law Corporation) for the seventh
and eight defendants; Cheong Aik Chye and Cheng Yuen Hee (A C Cheong & Co) for
the ninth and tenth defendants.  
Parties| :|  Mohamed Amin bin Mohamed Taib and others — Lim Choon Thye and
others  
  
18 November 2010| Judgment reserved.  
---|---  
  
Judith Prakash J:

Introduction

1 The substantive issue in Originating Summons 17 of 2008 (“OS 17/2008”) was
the plaintiffs’ appeal to have a decision of the Strata Titles Board (“the
Board”) set aside and to have their original application for approval of the
collective sale of the condominium development known as Regent Court (Strata
Title Plan No 866 comprised in Land Lot Mukim 17-5574T) remitted to the Board
for a fresh decision. On 30 October 2008, I heard the appeal and granted the
orders sought. I ordered the Board to decide who should bear the costs of the
earlier hearing before it after it had completed the proceedings. I then
adjourned the question of the costs of the appeal to a later date.

2 Pursuant to my order of 30 October 2008, the Board recommenced hearing the
plaintiffs’ application for approval of the proposed collective sale on 18
March 2009. By that time, however, new information had come to light: the
agreement relating to the collective sale (“the SPA”) had not, in fact, been
stamped. The Board learnt of this from a letter sent (without prior request or
prompting) by the Inland Revenue Authority of Singapore (“IRAS”) dated 4
December 2008; they then brought the letter’s contents to the parties’
attention. The parties made an attempt to settle the matter but were
unsuccessful. On 23 March 2009, the Board gave the parties one final
opportunity to have the SPA stamped; alternatively, they were to make one
final attempt at arriving at a settlement. On 24 March, though, the SPA
remained unstamped and no settlement had been arrived at. The Board then
dismissed the plaintiffs’ application for approval of the collective sale on
the ground that neither side would have been able to discharge their burden of
proof without making reference to the SPA which, being unstamped, could not be
admitted as evidence before the Board. It also directed parties to bear their
own costs. On 27 July 2009, the seventh and eighth defendants filed Summons No
3938 of 2009 (“Sum 3938/2009”) to have my decision of 30 October 2008 set
aside on the basis of the non-stamping of the SPA. Woo J heard the matter and
dismissed the application on 18 August 2010\. The seventh and eight defendants
were ordered to pay the plaintiffs their costs in defending Sum 3938/2009.

3 On 22 July 2010, parties returned before me to address the question of costs
awardable on the outcome of OS 17/2008. It was no surprise, in light of the
previous cost orders made by the STB and by Woo J in Sum 3938/2009, that the
arguments before me were hard-fought and fraught – doubtlessly, the defendants
felt hard done by when they were required to bear their own and the
plaintiffs’ costs in the STB proceedings and Sum 3938/2009 respectively.
Nevertheless – as the plaintiffs were quick to remind me – the default
position in law is that costs follow the event: see O 59 r 3(2) of the Rules
of Court (Cap 322, Rule 5, 2006 Rev Ed). For all that happened after 30
October 2008, the fact remained that the plaintiffs had succeeded on their
substantive application before me in OS 17/2008; they were entitled,
therefore, to their costs unless it could be shown that the circumstances of
the case justified an order otherwise.

The Parties’ Submissions

4 Costs are awarded at the court’s discretion; nevertheless, as I have already
mentioned, the general rule is that cost should follow the event unless it
appears to the court that in the circumstances of the case some other order
should be made or that there are special reasons for depriving the successful
litigant of his costs in part or in full: O 59 r 3(2); _Tullio Planata v Maoro
Andrea G_ [1994] 2 SLR(R) 501 (“ _Tullio_ ”); and _Ho Kon Kim v Lim Gek Kim
Betsy and others and another appeal_ [2001] 3 SLR(R) 253. These reasons may
arise from the conduct of all the parties, both from before and during the
proceedings: O 59 r 5(1)(b). They would include the conduct of any party in
raising unnecessary claims or issues and in unreasonably or improperly acting
or omitting to act in such a way as to save costs: O 59 r 6A(1) and r 7,
respectively.

5 It was submitted by Mr Low on behalf of the plaintiffs that the only special
reason that might justify depriving a successful party of its costs would be
if that party had acted either improperly or unreasonably: _Singapore Civil
Procedure 2007_ (GP Selvam ed-in-chief) (Singapore Sweet & Maxwell Asia,
2007), at para 59/3/7. In this case, the plaintiffs did neither. They alleged
that it was the defendants – in particular the eight defendant – who made
factual allegations that sought to discredit the plaintiffs and their
solicitors, failed to address the relevant point of law before the court, and
who made procedural errors that unnecessarily complicated the plaintiffs’
response and preparation for the appeal in OS 17/2008. Thus, any wasted time
and costs arose out of the defendants’ conduct and the plaintiffs could not be
said to be disentitled to their costs.

6 However, Mr Singh (for the first to sixth defendants) submitted that it was
more appropriate in this case for no order to be made as to costs. He relied
on three main grounds for this submission: first, he pointed out that the
plaintiffs were being maintained in this action by a non-party (the
purchaser’s property agent who was responsible for arranging the collective
sale). To award the plaintiffs costs would amount, therefore, to awarding them
a bonus. His second point was that the issue raised in OS 17/2008 dealt with a
legal question that was both novel and of general interest and, as a result,
the defendants should not be made to bear the plaintiffs’ costs in the appeal.
Finally, he argued that the defendants had already been deprived of costs by
the STB on two previous occasions. The court should, he argued, take note of
this fact in deciding the appropriate costs order in OS 17/2008.

7 Mr Rai, who was the eight defendant and who argued on behalf of himself and
the seventh defendant, submitted that the plaintiffs should not merely be
deprived of their costs but have costs ordered against them as well. I shall
be considering Mr Rai’s arguments in greater detail below. For now, it
suffices to summarise his arguments thus: that it was the plaintiffs’ failure
to ensure that the SPA had been duly stamped and failure to disclose this fact
earlier that caused parties to waste much time and effort in addressing a
futile case. For that reason, they should be deprived of their costs and
ordered to pay costs to the defendants instead.

8 Mr Cheong, for the ninth and tenth defendants, also asked that no order be
made as to costs. He supplemented Mr Rai’s submissions with reference to ss 42
and 63 of the Stamp Duties Act (Cap 312, 2006 Rev Ed) (“the Act”) – arguing
that the failure to procure the stamping of the SPA amounted to an offence
under the Act and this was conduct that the court could and would take into
consideration in assessing costs. As for the question of maintenance: while Mr
Cheong acknowledged that plaintiffs were not being maintained by a third party
in the technical sense of the word, he argued that where a successful
plaintiff had agreed with his solicitor not to pay the latter any costs for
conducting the action on his behalf, that plaintiff would be precluded from
recovering costs from the other side. Again, the details of this argument will
be considered below.

The Issues

9 I do not accept Mr Singh’s submissions concerning the (supposed) novelty of
the point of law raised in OS 17/2008 relevant to the question of costs before
me; nor do I accept his submission concerning the defendants’ (alleged)
deprivation of costs in the hearing before the STB. Both arguments seem to me
to have no impact on the question of whether the plaintiffs are entitled to
costs following their success in OS 17/2008. The complaint about deprivation
of costs, in particular, is one that should be taken up before the STB itself.
This is not the forum for it and it evidently has no bearing on the costs of
OS 17/2008.

10 There are, however, two issues raised that – to my mind – may have an
impact on the plaintiffs’ entitlement to costs. These are:

(a) The non-stamping of the SPA; and

(b) The nature of the fee-paying arrangement between the plaintiffs and their
solicitors.

I shall address them in turn.

The failure to procure stamping of the SPA

11 As mentioned, it was Mr Rai who first raised the fact of the SPA’s non-
stamping as a relevant consideration to the plaintiffs’ entitlement to costs.
In _Tullio_ , the Singapore Court of Appeal, at [24], endorsed the headnote
from the English Court of Appeal decision in _Re Elgindata Ltd (No 2)_ [1992]
1 WLR 1207 as accurately summarising the relevant principles governing the
award of costs:

... The principles on which costs were to be awarded were (i) that costs were
in the discretion of the court, (ii) that costs should follow the event except
when it appeared to the court that in the circumstances of the case some other
order should be made, (iii) that the general rule did not cease to apply
simply because the successful party raised issues or made allegations that
failed, but that _he could be deprived of his costs in whole or in part where
he had caused a significant increase in the length of the proceedings_ , and
(iv) that _where the successful party raised issues or made allegations
improperly or unreasonably the court could not only deprive him of his costs
but could also order him to pay the whole or part of the unsuccessful party’s
costs_. The fourth principle implied, moreover, that a successful party who
neither improperly nor unreasonably raised issues or made allegations which
failed ought not to be ordered to pay any part of the unsuccessful party’s
costs...

[emphasis added]

According to Mr Rai, the plaintiffs’ failure to ensure that the SPA had been
duly stamped and their failure to disclose this fact earlier caused a
significant increase in the length of the proceedings. He argued that the
plaintiffs’ arguments in OS 17/2008 had been made improperly and unreasonably
as they were, in the end, entirely futile. As the SPA had not been stamped, it
could not be used before the STB as evidence and without it being in evidence,
the plaintiffs could not proceed with their application for collective sale.
Thus, he submitted, principles (iii) and (iv) from _Tullio_ justified
depriving the plaintiffs of their costs and ordering that costs should be paid
to the defendants instead.

12 Mr Cheong’s argument on the relevancy of the non-stamping of the SPA to the
question of costs was couched in more subtle terms. Section 42 of the Act
states that “all instruments chargeable with duty and executed by any person
in Singapore _shall_ be stamped before being executed [emphasis added].” The
use of “shall” implies a positive duty to ensure that a document (such as the
SPA) is properly stamped, while s 63 goes further to provide that:

Any person who –

(a) having drawn, made, executed or signed, otherwise than as a witness, any
instrument that is chargeable with duty without the instrument being duly
stamped and fails, without lawful excuse to _procure the due stamping of the
instrument_ within the time within which the instrument may be stamped without
penalty under this Act...

shall be guilty of an offence and shall be liable on conviction to a fine not
exceeding $1,000.

[emphasis added]

The plaintiffs’ failure to procure the stamping of the SPA amounted,
therefore, to an offence under the Act and, according to Mr Cheong, a court
could not and should not ignore that fact. Where a party’s failure to fulfil a
statutory duty would have disposed of an appeal one way or the other, a court
should take such conduct into consideration by denying them costs. The entire
purpose of introducing the SPA as evidence before the STB (and indeed, its
entire purpose when it was referred to in OS 17/2008) was to demonstrate the
purchaser’s intention to proceed with the sale; thus, the fact that it was not
stamped was evidence to the contrary. Had the intention not to proceed with
completion been known at either the STB hearing or the hearing of OS 17/2008,
the plaintiff’s application in the former would have been dismissed out of
hand and the latter would never have been pursued.

13 Mr Low’s responses to the arguments above canvassed several points
previously made before Woo J at the hearing for Sum 3938/2009. First, he
argued that there was no duty or obligation on the plaintiff to ensure that
the SPA had been stamped. Section 34(a) of the Act – in conjunction with the
Third Schedule – made it clear that the stamp duty in conveyances such as this
was to be borne by the transferee or purchaser. The plaintiffs were under no
duty to ensure that the purchaser complied with the purchaser’s own
obligations under the statute; nor could they be faulted for having failed to
check with the purchaser in order to establish whether the SPA had been
stamped. Secondly, he reiterated that there was no basis to suggest that the
plaintiffs concealed or were even aware of the fact that the SPA was
unstamped. His third point was that the failure to disclose the non-stamping
of the SPA earlier might not necessarily have obviated the need for the STB
hearings or the hearing in OS 17/2008. Section 52(2) of the Act expressly
allows unstamped documents to be admitted in evidence upon payment of the
relevant duty and penalty under s 46 of the Act and this was precisely what
the STB allowed the parties to do when the failure to stamp the SPA first
became known. The Board only dismissed the application in March 2009 when it
became manifestly clear that the purchaser would not be rectifying the
omission and having the documents stamped. The fact that the purchaser proved
unwilling to stamp the SPA in 2009 did not necessarily mean that it would have
been unwilling – if offered the opportunity – to stamp the SPA at an earlier
point of time. It could not, therefore, be said that the hearings that
proceeded on the basis of the SPA would have been obviated had the fact that
the SPA was not stamped been known at an earlier stage. At the hearing of Sum
3938/2009, Woo J accepted these arguments in rebuttal to the seventh and
eighth defendants’ application to strike out my initial order in OS 17/2008.
Mr Low, no doubt, hoped that they might have the same effect here.

14 Having considered the arguments, I am not inclined to agree with Mr Rai’s
submissions on this issue. He argued that the plaintiffs acted improperly in
failing to disclose that the SPA was unstamped and placed great reliance on
the English Court of Appeal’s decision in _Goodwood Recoveries Ltd v Breen;
Breen v Slater_ [2006] 1 WLR 2723, where the third party’s conduct included
(amongst other things) suppressing the disclosure of a key document. That
conduct was held sufficient to justify ordering the third party to pay all the
costs of the action on an indemnity basis. However, I find this case to be of
limited assistance to Mr Rai. In _Goodwood_ , Rix LJ made it clear that it was
the third party’s _dishonest suppression_ of a key document that justified the
adverse order of costs. In sharp contrast, the plaintiffs have categorically
denied any knowledge of the purchaser’s failure to stamp the SPA prior to 22
December 2008. They affirmed this in an affidavit filed by Mr Amin on 13
August 2009 and again through their solicitors at the hearing before me. As of
22 December 2008, the substantive appeal in OS 17/2008 had been both heard and
disposed of. Mr Rai had, at the hearing of Sum 3938/2009 before Woo J,
disputed the plaintiffs’ claim to ignorance, but at the hearing before me he
appeared to accept that the worst that could be said is that the plaintiffs
had been merely indifferent. It could hardly be argued, therefore, that the
whole of the costs of the litigation in OS 17/2008 were caused by the
plaintiffs’ dishonesty, impropriety and exceptional conduct. The conduct of
the plaintiffs in the present case was in no way on par with that of the third
party in _Goodwood_. The plaintiffs cannot, therefore, be deprived of their
costs in OS 17/2008 on the basis that they failed to disclose the failure to
stamp the SPA.

15 I turn now to Mr Cheong’s submissions. As mentioned above, costs are
awarded in exercise of the Court’s discretion: O 59 r 3(2). O 59 r 5 provides
that in exercising that discretion, the Court shall “as may be appropriate in
the circumstances, take into account... the conduct of all the parties,
including conduct before, as well as during, the proceedings...” The Rules of
Court identify particular kinds of conduct where a court should be more
willing to deem costs unnecessarily incurred: see O 59 rr 6A and 7. However,
as O 59 r 6A explicitly recognises, these are “[i]n addition to and not in
derogation [from]” the basic principle stated in O 59 r 5 – namely, that in
exercising his or her discretion as to the costs of any proceedings, a judge
is entitled to consider any relevant aspect of the parties’ conduct whether
such conduct occurred before or during the legal proceedings.

16 However, was the non-stamping of the SPA an aspect of the plaintiffs’
conduct at all? The immediate answer would appear to be “No”. The failure to
stamp the SPA was a failure on the part of the purchaser and not the
plaintiffs; concomitantly, any offence committed would have been committed by
the purchaser and not the plaintiffs themselves. As Mr Low pointed out, s 34
of the Act (read with the Third Schedule) places the obligation to pay stamp
duty on the transferee or purchaser in a conveyance; s 49 similarly provides
that it is the person liable under the Third Schedule to pay stamp duty who is
liable for any penalty arising from a failure to have the conveyance stamped
on time. Section 63(a), on which Mr Cheong so heavily relies, then makes it an
offence for any person who has drawn, made, executed or signed an instrument
that is chargeable with duty to “[fail], without lawful excuse, to procure the
due stamping of the said instrument within the [specified] time”. However, the
act of paying stamp duty is inseparable from the act of _having_ an instrument
stamped and this is especially true under the E-Stamping regimes established
by ss 6B - 6D of the Act. While the language of procurement may at first sight
seem broad, therefore, I find that in light of the cited provisions the duty
to procure the due stamping of a conveyance in s 63(a) must be read as falling
squarely on the person liable to pay the stamp duty under the Act. In this
case, that would have been the purchaser – not the plaintiffs. There was
therefore no illegal conduct on the part of the plaintiffs’ part that I (in
the words of Mr Cheong) “cannot ignore” whilst exercising my discretion in
order to determine the costs payable in OS 17/2008.

17 Having said as much, it is true that the plaintiffs were guilty of omitting
to check if the purchasers had stamped the SPA before bringing their original
application before the STB. It is also true that – as events turned out – if
the SPA had been properly stamped or the fact of its non-stamping been
discovered much earlier, costs could have been saved. And while Mr Low argued
that the defendants could have taken the initiative to write to the IRAS or to
the purchasers, the truth of the matter is that the plaintiffs were the
parties best-placed to check on the status of the SPA and whether it had been
stamped or not as they would have been in regular contact with the purchasers
over the potential sale of the condominium. In my view this omission to check
on the status of a document that they were signatories to and that they would,
inevitably, have to rely on before the STB in order to make their application
would and should constitute relevant conduct for the purposes of determining
the appropriate order as to costs in OS 17/2008. However, it is only one
factor to be considered; it should not be given more weight than it deserves.

18 The non-stamping of the SPA was – as Woo J correctly observed at [15] of
his judgment, in Sum 3938/2009 (found at [2009] SGHC 216) – a situation that
could have been easily rectified at any time. It did not affect the essential
validity of the document but merely rendered it inadmissible in evidence.
Section 52(2) of the Act explicitly provides for admissibility upon payment of
the stamp duty and any penalty. Thus, as Mr Low suggested, it is by no means
evident that early discovery of the non-stamping of the SPA would have
obviated the need for the STB proceedings and OS 17/2008. Had the non-stamping
of the SPA been discovered in 2007 and the situation rectified, the STB
application may have continued as a matter of course with nothing more than a
slight delay. Mr Rai and Mr Cheong were wrong, therefore, to ascribe the
causative significance that they did to the non-stamping of the SPA.

19 Even if Mr Rai and Mr Cheong were right – and proceedings before the STB
and in OS 17/2008 could have been avoided entirely had the SPA’s non-stamping
been discovered earlier – it is not clear whether this fact suffices on its
own to deprive the plaintiffs of all their costs in OS 17/2008. There is also
the defendants’ own conduct to consider: in particular, the conduct of the
seventh and eight defendants in filing Summons No 396 of 2008 and Sum No
3938/2008 to strike out the plaintiffs’ application in OS 17/2008 and set
aside the outcome of the same. A glance at the history of OS 17/2008 would
show that both these summonses were responsible in no small way for prolonging
and complicating the proceedings. Summons No 396 of 2008 was fixed to be heard
together with the substantive application in OS 17/2008 on 9 October 2008 for
a full day. As a result of the extensive arguments canvassed in the Summons,
though, I had to adjourn OS 17/2008 to be heard on 30 October 2008. That took
another full day and left no time for the question of costs to be considered.
Consequently, the latter was fixed to be heard on 10 July 2009. On 10 July
2009, however, it became clear that a further adjournment was necessary as the
seventh defendants indicated that they intended to commence proceedings to set
aside my original decision in OS 17/2008. The resulting Sum No 3938/2008 was
originally fixed before me. I declined to hear it and it had to be adjourned
once more before it was finally heard by Woo J on 11 and 18 August 2009. When
the parties finally returned to argue the issue of costs before me on 22 July
2010, therefore, more than 2 years had passed since OS 17/2008 was filed on 7
January 2008. The sequence of events shows that some responsibility for this
delay must lie at the defendants’ doors.

20 In conclusion, therefore, it was not the plaintiffs own conduct that led to
the non-stamping of the SPA; nor was there any evidence that they knew, but
dishonestly failed to disclose, the fact of the SPA’s non-stamping to the STB
and the defendants. They may not be deprived of their costs in OS 17/2008 on
these grounds. While the failure to check on the status of the SPA might
constitute conduct relevant to my assessment of the amount of costs payable in
OS 17/2008, it is conduct that must be weighed on its own merits and alongside
the defendants’ own actions. In my view, the failure to check with the
purchaser on the stamping of the SPA could justify a slight reduction in the
costs awarded to the plaintiffs in OS 17/2008. It cannot, however, justify
depriving them of their costs entirely.

The plaintiffs’ fee-paying arrangement

21 The second issue concerned the nature of the fee-paying arrangement between
the plaintiffs and their solicitors. Mr Singh argued that since the
plaintiffs’ appeal in OS 17/2008 was being maintained by a non-party to the
litigation, the plaintiffs may rightly be deprived of the entirety of their
costs. He pointed to the following three paragraphs from the second affidavit
of Mr Mohamed Amin bin Mohamed Taib filed on 22 February 2008 in order to
support his allegation of maintenance:

139 For completeness, the Sale Commitee has already explained in paragraph 5
of Ms Mok’s Affidavit that _the legal fees for this Appeal and OS 103 are
being paid by Mr Chew Lay Seong_... of Eccoventure Pte Ltd, who is the
property agent of the Purchaser.

140 The Sale Committee was in a difficult position as a result of the
purported dissolution of the Sale Committee at the EOGM, and the Majority
Owners’ obligation to prosecute this Appeal within the time period allowed in
law. The Sale Committee had to urgently clarify its standing through OS 103
and to file the Appeal. However, we did not have the funds to do so.

141 As Mr Chew offered to pay for the legal fees incurred in the Appeal and OS
103, and we were advised that there is no conflict of interest, we therefore
accepted Mr Chew’s offer.

[emphasis added]

According to Mr Singh, the fact that the legal fees were being paid for by Mr
Chew indicated that the plaintiffs did not and would not themselves incur any
legal fees in OS 17/2008. The rule at common law is that a litigant may not
recover from the opposing litigant more than what he is liable to pay to his
own solicitor in costs; in short, party and party costs are given in the
character of an indemnity: _Gundry v Sainsbury_ [1910] 1 KB 645, 649. Since
the plaintiffs admitted that the fees for OS 17/2008 were being borne by a
non-party, what they have indicated is that they would not be incurring any
legal costs themselves. As a result, any costs paid to them by the defendants
would not amount to compensation but a bonus instead. The plaintiffs should,
therefore, be deprived of their costs in OS 17/2008 in their entirety.

22 Mr Cheong expanded on the arguments of Mr Singh: he pointed out that the
mere fact that Mr Chew offered to pay the plaintiffs’ solicitors their legal
fees would not necessarily amount to maintenance disentitling the plaintiffs
to costs if the primary obligation to pay their solicitors lay with the
plaintiffs. The losing party in litigation is obliged to pay such costs as the
receiving party is primarily and potentially legally obliged to pay to his
solicitor: _Joyce v Kammac (1988) Ltd_ [1996] 1 All ER 923, 928. In most
cases, that obligation would be set out in the written retainer. But where the
retainer reflected an understanding between solicitor and client that the
former would not look to the latter for their costs or fees (or where there
was a verbal agreement to the same effect) the rule is that no party-and-party
costs may be recovered: see _Joyce v Kammac_ , 928; Cozens-Hardy MR in _Gundry
v Sainsbury_ , 649. The paragraphs in Mr Amin’s affidavit referred to by Mr
Singh indicated that a non-party had undertaken to bear the legal costs of
maintaining the action in OS 17/2008. In the absence of any evidence to the
contrary, the existence of an agreement to look to Mr Chew for legal fees
could be reasonably inferred. Mr Cheong accepted that the defendants will
normally bear the burden of proving that such an agreement exists. However, he
also submitted that the plaintiffs’ solicitors were – as officers of the court
– obliged to disclose the true nature of the agreement between the plaintiffs
and themselves. In the absence of such voluntary disclosure, Mr Amin’s
affidavit (and the arrangement that it hints at) must be taken at face value
and the plaintiffs must, as a result, be deprived of their costs.

23 Mr Low made no substantive reply to either Mr Singh or Mr Cheong’s
submissions in his rebuttal.

24 Both Mr Singh and Mr Cheong rightly pointed out that party and party costs
are given in the character of an indemnity. In other words, they are awarded
to indemnify the successful party for the costs and expenses he has incurred
in the litigation: Michael J Cook, _Cook on Costs 2010_ (LexisNexis, 2009) at
para 17.1. The indemnity is not complete, but it is an indemnity in this
sense: namely, that costs between the parties can never exceed the solicitor
and client costs. The receiving party cannot make a profit out of the costs
recovered from the other party: _Cook on Costs_ at para 17.2. The principle
finds its earliest expression in _Harold v Smith_ (1860) 5 H & N 381, where it
was stated by Bramwell B., at 385, that:

Costs as between party and party are given by the law as an indemnity to the
person entitled to them; they are not imposed as a punishment on the party who
pays them, nor given as a bonus to the party who receives them. _Therefore, if
the extent of the damnification can be found out, the extent to which costs
ought to be allowed is also ascertained_.

[emphasis added]

It is also the position adopted by local statutory law. Section 112(2) of the
Legal Profession Act (Cap 161, 2009 Rev Ed) provides that a litigant should
not be entitled to recover from any other person more in costs than the amount
payable by the litigant to his own solicitor under a s 111(1) written
agreement between himself and his solicitor governing the amount and manner of
the payment of costs for conducting contentious business.

25 This principle of indemnity is the foundation for a second rule: that, if a
solicitor expressly or impliedly agrees that he will not in any circumstances
charge his client, no costs are recoverable from the other party (_Cook on
Costs_ at para 17.3; _Gundry v Sainsbury_ , _supra_ ; and _British Waterways
Board v Norman_ (1993) 26 HLR 232). Thus, where a solicitor has expressly
agreed that his client is primarily and legally obliged to pay him his legal
fees but accepts payment from another in lieu of such payment, costs may still
be recovered. An early form of this position was set out in _Davies (A.P.)
(suing as widow and administratrix of the estate of Kenneth Stanley Davies,
decd) v Taylor (No 2)_ [1974] AC 225 by Lord Cross of Chelsea, at 234. In the
context of a claim for payment out from the Legal Aid Fund to a victorious
litigant, it was observed that:

No doubt if it were shown that the respondent’s solicitor had agreed with him
that in no circumstances would he hold him liable to pay any part of them then
the costs, though incurred by the solicitor in defending the case, would not
be costs “incurred” by the respondent, but it was not suggested that any such
agreement... was made in this case. If there was no such agreement then the
fact that the insurance company had undertaken to indemnify the respondent
against his liability for these costs would not mean that they were not costs
“incurred” by him...

The same principle is expressed a little more strongly in the decision of
_Joyce v Kammac_ , _supra_ , which was relied upon by Mr Cheong in the course
of his argument. There, Morland J stated, at 928:

The general principle [at common law] is that the party in whose favour the
order for costs was made... is entitled to be indemnified in respect of such
costs that he was primarily and potentially legally obliged to pay to his
solicitors. It matters not whether the receiving party was able or not to
discharge that legal obligation, so long as the primary potential legal
obligation to his solicitors existed. _It matters not whether the receiving
party was able to discharge that legal obligation from funds of his own or
funds provided by friends, family, trade union, employer, insurer or
otherwise, so long as the obligation was primarily his_...

[emphasis added]

Thus, the fact that the purchaser’s property agent would ultimately be bearing
the legal fees of OS 17/2008 is immaterial to determining the plaintiffs’
entitlement to costs _unless_ it could be shown that the plaintiffs were not
primarily and potentially legally obliged to pay their solicitors at all.

26 The critical question in the present case is therefore clear: was there an
agreement between the plaintiffs and their solicitors that the latter would
not look to them for their legal costs? The question is not one of law but of
fact. It also raises a second issue: namely, how should a court approach
disputes of fact that arise in the context of a hearing on the issue of costs?
In answering these questions, I should highlight at the outset two points
derived from the authorities cited above. The first is Bramwell B.’s dictum in
_Harold v Smith_ that, “[I]f the extent of the damnification can be found out,
the extent to which costs ought to be allowed is also ascertained.” The second
is the fact observed by Morland J in _Joyce v Kammac_ : namely, that in most
cases the obligation of a client to pay his solicitors’ costs may be found in
the latter’s written retainer.

27 Mr Cheong pointed out that it was Mr Amin who gave evidence that the legal
fees of OS 17/2008 were to be borne not by the plaintiffs but by another. It
was the plaintiffs’ own evidence that raised the very real possibility that an
agreement by the plaintiffs’ solicitors not to charge their clients was
actually made; the onus was on them, therefore, to adduce some evidence in
order to support any assertion to the contrary. Mr Cheong submitted that the
best way for the plaintiffs to do this was to disclose the terms of their
solicitors’ retainer to the court. On his part, he would be satisfied with the
court having sight of the document; he and his clients would not insist seeing
it for themselves.

28 The first portion of Mr Cheong’s argument above is consistent with the
position espoused by Hobhouse J in _Pamplin v Express Newspapers Ltd_ [1985] 1
WLR 689, 696-697:

At the taxation a problem may arise. An issue of fact may emerge which
necessitates the master making formally or informally a finding of fact. In
such a situation, the master may have to ask the claimant what evidence he
wishes to rely upon in support of the contested allegation of fact...

The master does not have any power to order discovery to be given; he does not
have any power to override a right of privilege. But it is the duty of the
master, if the respondent raises a factual issue, which is real and relevant
and not a sham or fanciful dispute, to require the claimant to prove the facts
upon which he relies. The claimant then has to choose what evidence he will
adduce and to what extent he will waive his privilege. That is a choice for
the claimant alone. The master then has to decide the issue of fact on the
evidence [and consider] whether he is satisfied by the evidence...

This seems to me to be the correct approach to take. The evidence that is
currently before me strongly suggests the existence of an agreement stating
that the plaintiffs’ solicitors will not be looking to the plaintiffs for
their legal fees; it is only fair that the plaintiffs should be given a chance
to voluntarily respond and adduce such evidence to rebut the allegation made
against them. As this was not a taxation hearing, I could not compel the
plaintiffs to produce their written retainer. Operating on the basis of the
_Pamplin_ approach, however, I could and did invite the plaintiffs to
(voluntarily) waive privilege and disclose the written retainer in order to
determine the true nature of the arrangement they have with their solicitors.
After taking instructions from their clients, the plaintiffs’ solicitors
indicated that their clients were not willing to waive their privilege, nor
make the limited disclosure being asked of them. Pressed for a response to Mr
Singh and Mr Cheong’s allegations, all Mr Low could offer was his assurance
that the plaintiffs were their clients on record and that the written retainer
reflected the agreement arrived at between Mr Chew and the plaintiffs for Mr
Chew to pay the legal costs of the proceedings.

29 The plaintiffs’ unwillingness to waive privilege and disclose the terms of
their retainer meant that I had to consider the impact of their silence on the
finding of fact that I had to make concerning the existence of an agreement
between the plaintiffs and their solicitors and on my final assessment of the
plaintiffs’ entitlement to costs.

30 The plaintiffs could not – by virtue of s 131 of the Evidence Act (Cap 97,
1997 Rev Ed) – be compelled to disclose their solicitors’ retainer to the
court. However, the dispute of fact is concerned with the nature of the
plaintiffs’ agreement with their solicitors and this would evidently be a fact
that was especially within the plaintiffs’ knowledge. Section 108 of the
Evidence Act places the burden of proving such a fact squarely on the
plaintiffs’ shoulders. The key provision in the Evidence Act, however, is s
116. It provides that:

The court may presume the existence of any fact which it thinks likely to have
happened, regard being had to the common course of natural events, human
conduct, and public and private business, in their relation to the facts of
the particular case.

Illustrations (g) and (h) to s 116 then go on to provide that:

The court may presume –

...

(g) that evidence which could be and is not produced would if produced be
unfavourable to the person who withholds it; [and]

(h) that if a man refuses to answer a question which he is not compelled to
answer by law, the answer if given would be unfavourable to him...

Section 116, therefore, allows me to draw an adverse conclusion from the
plaintiffs’ silence and in my view, there is sufficient ground in this case
for me to do so.

31 In _Pamplin_ , Hobhouse J stated, at 697, that where a claiming party has
decided not to waive privilege and to rely on other evidence in order to
respond to a factual issue raised in cost proceedings, the assessing master
will “no doubt take into account that the claimant may have a legitimate
interest in not adducing the most obvious or complete evidence, and may prefer
to rely on oral evidence rather than producing legal documents.” No such
explanation was given here, however, for the plaintiffs’ reluctance to
disclose their written retainer. The defendants did not ask to have sight of
the retainer themselves. They maintained they would be satisfied as long as
the court did. The facts of this case did not, therefore, raise the difficult
issues of limiting disclosure and restricting an opposing party’s access to
privileged documents that cases such as _Pamplin_ were concerned with. There
was no such legitimate interest on the plaintiffs’ part in withholding
disclosure of their retainer. In addition, the plaintiffs offered no
alternative evidence to support their claim that the terms of the written
retainer “reflected” the arrangement with Mr Chew and did not go so far as to
waive the plaintiffs’ primary obligation to pay their solicitors. Indeed, Mr
Low’s careful and very deliberate choice of words in describing the terms of
the retainer (see [29] above) only served to heighten my unease concerning the
plaintiffs’ choice to withhold disclosure.

Conclusion

32 In the circumstances, therefore, I find that there is sufficient ground
upon which to invoke the court’s power to draw an adverse inference against
the plaintiffs under s 116 of the Evidence Act. Having thus found that there
was an agreement between the plaintiffs and their solicitors for the latter to
look to a non-party for their legal costs, I conclude that the plaintiffs are
not primarily and potentially legally obliged to pay their solicitors at all
and, as a result, are not entitled to their costs in OS 17/2008.

33 I hold, therefore, that no order as to costs should be made in OS 17/2008.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 18 Nov 2010 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

