Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Siemens AG _v_ Holdrich Investment Ltd  
[2010] SGCA 23

Case Number| :| Civil Appeal No 100 of 2009  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 23 June 2010  
Tribunal/Court| :| Court of Appeal  
Coram| :|  Chao Hick Tin JA; Andrew Phang Boon Leong JA  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Gregory Vijayendran and Sung Jingyin (Rajah & Tann LLP)
for the appellant; N Sreenivasan and Collin Choo (Straits Law Practice LLC)
for the respondent.  
Parties| :|  Siemens AG — Holdrich Investment Ltd  
  
[LawNet Editorial Note: The decision from which this appeal arose is reported
at [2010] 1 SLR 1237.]

23 June 2010|  
---|---  
  
Chao Hick Tin JA (delivering the grounds of decision of the court):

Introduction

1 This was an appeal by the defendant in the main action (“Siemens AG”)
against the decision of the judge in chambers (“the Judge”) granting the
plaintiff (“Holdrich”) leave to serve the originating process out of
jurisdiction. The Judge’s grounds of decision are reported in _Holdrich
Investment Ltd v Siemens AG_ [2010] 1 SLR 1237 (“the GD”). We dismissed the
appeal after hearing oral arguments and now give our reasons for doing so.

The relevant legal principles

2 The requirements which must be met before the court will grant leave for
service out of jurisdiction are well settled. For present purposes, it is
sufficient to adopt the three major considerations stated by Prof Jeffery
Pinsler SC in _Singapore Court Practice 2009_ (LexisNexis, 2009) at para
11/2/5. First, the claim must come within the scope of one or more of the
paragraphs of O 11 r 1 of the Rules of Court (Cap 322, R 5, 2006 Rev Ed).
Second, the claim must have a sufficient degree of merit. Third, Singapore
must be the _forum conveniens_.

3 In the court below, Holdrich sought and obtained leave for service out of
jurisdiction in an _ex parte_ application heard by an assistant registrar. The
service out of jurisdiction was resisted by Siemens AG, who succeeded in
having the order set aside in an _inter partes_ application heard by another
assistant registrar on the ground that Singapore was not the _forum
conveniens_ or natural forum for trying the substantive dispute between the
parties. The second assistant registrar also found that there had been
material non-disclosure on the part of Holdrich when it applied for leave for
service out of jurisdiction, but that finding was not pertinent to the
disposal of this appeal. Holdrich then appealed to the Judge, who held that
Singapore was the _forum conveniens_ and, accordingly, reinstated the grant of
leave for service out of jurisdiction.

4 On appeal to this court, the focus was likewise on the issue of _forum
conveniens_ ; Siemens AG did not dispute that the first and second
considerations referred to in [2] above were satisfied. Mr Gregory
Vijayendran, on behalf of Siemens AG, made two preliminary points. First, he
argued that, as a matter of approach, a Singapore court deciding the issue of
_forum conveniens_ should compare all the connecting factors pointing towards
Singapore against all the connecting factors pointing away from Singapore. We
were unable to agree that that was the right way of addressing the issue. The
purpose of the _forum conveniens_ analysis is to identify the most appropriate
forum in which to try the substantive dispute. It is wrong to say that
Singapore is _forum non conveniens_ simply because the connecting factors
which point to Singapore are outweighed by all the connecting factors which
point away from Singapore. The connecting factors which point away from
Singapore must point to a more appropriate forum than Singapore, and they
might not do so if those connections are dispersed amongst several
jurisdictions. Quite simply, Singapore is _forum non conveniens_ only if there
is a more appropriate forum than Singapore.

5 Mr Vijayendran next argued that the Judge wrongly directed himself on the
burden of proof when he stated the issue before him to be “whether Singapore
[was] forum non conveniens, because if it [was], then the appeal should be
dismissed, and vice versa” (see [2] of the GD). Mr Vijayendran correctly
pointed out that Lord Goff of Chieveley, in his leading speech in _Spiliada
Maritime Corporation v Cansulex Ltd_ [1987] AC 460 (“ _Spiliada_ ”), the
_locus classicus_ in this area, held (at 480) that a plaintiff who sought
leave for service out of jurisdiction bore the burden of proving that the
court from which leave was sought was the _forum conveniens_ , whereas a
defendant who resisted service within jurisdiction bore the burden of proving
that the court whose jurisdiction was being resisted was _forum non
conveniens_. Mr Vijayendran also referred to various instances in Lord Goff’s
speech where his Lordship spoke of the need to show that the court in question
was “clearly” _forum conveniens_ or _forum non conveniens_ , as the case might
be (see, _eg_ , _Spiliada_ at 481). The short answer to Mr Vijayendran’s
argument is that any error which the Judge might have made as regards the
burden of proof is immaterial given his finding, which he pronounced
immediately after stating the issue before him in the manner indicated above,
that “Singapore was _clearly_ the more appropriate forum” [emphasis added]
(see [2] of the GD).

6 We would make the following further observations on the burden of proof
point. The existence of a fact which shows that a jurisdiction is the _forum
conveniens_ or _vice versa_ is a question of fact, and the party who alleges
the fact bears the burden of proving it. In contrast, the question of whether,
on a given set of facts, a jurisdiction is _forum non conveniens_ or _vice
versa_ is a question of law, albeit not a general question since the answer
necessarily depends on, and is confined to, that particular set of facts. The
reason why the cases refer, perhaps confusingly, to the burden of proving that
a particular jurisdiction is _forum conveniens_ or _forum non conveniens_ is
this. The jurisdiction of the court is, in the first place, territorial, as
reflected in the expression “within jurisdiction”, which neatly fuses the
territorial and juridical elements (see J J Fawcett & J M Carruthers,
_Cheshire, North & Fawcett: Private International Law_ (Oxford University
Press, 14th Ed, 2008) at p 354). At the same time, the law in this and other
jurisdictions has come to recognise that the physical location of a defendant
may not be a decisive or even material consideration in deciding whether or
not the court should exercise jurisdiction over a dispute – Lord Goff in
_Spiliada_ gave (at 481) the example of a defendant whose place of residence
was no more than a tax haven, and commented that “no great importance should
be attached” to the defendant’s place of residence in such a scenario.

7 However, in recognition of the primarily territorial nature of the court’s
jurisdiction, the court begins with the location of the defendant when it
decides whether it has jurisdiction over a dispute – thus, jurisdiction over a
defendant who is within the territory is as of right, while jurisdiction over
a defendant who is outside the territory is discretionary. In this sense,
there is a burden – _viz_ , the burden of displacing the _prima facie_ weight
given to the location of the defendant. But, despite the use of the term, the
burden is not strictly one of proof. Instead, the burden is one of
demonstrating the normative weight to be given to each connecting factor in
the light of all the circumstances of the case. The ease of discharging the
burden would similarly depend on the facts of each case – again, as Lord Goff
himself noted in _Spiliada_ (at 481), the circumstances described in the
English equivalent of our O 11 r 1 are “of great variety, ranging from cases
where … the discretion would normally be exercised in favour of granting leave
… to cases where the grant of leave is far more problematical”. In the same
vein, Lord Goff also remarked (at 481) that the importance to be attached to
any particular ground invoked by the plaintiff in seeking leave for service
out of jurisdiction might vary from case to case.

8 Separately, we do not think that it is necessary for a plaintiff who seeks
leave for service out of jurisdiction to show that Singapore is “clearly” the
_forum conveniens_ if, by this, it is meant that Singapore must be not only
the most appropriate forum in the final analysis, but also the most
appropriate forum by far. No doubt, there will be cases where the _forum
conveniens_ is clear beyond contest. But, in the case of an international
dispute where the connecting factors are finely balanced, a _requirement_ that
there must be a forum which is _clearly_ the most appropriate forum would
necessarily condemn the dispute to jurisdictional limbo. Such a result does
the doctrine of _forum non conveniens_ no credit. In our view, therefore, it
is sufficient for a plaintiff seeking leave for service out of jurisdiction to
show that Singapore is, on balance and in the final analysis, the most
appropriate forum to try the dispute, and it matters not whether Singapore is
the most appropriate forum by a hair or by a mile.

Application to the facts

9 In this case, the connecting factors point to diverse jurisdictions. Siemens
AG was incorporated in Germany and has its principal place of business there,
while Holdrich was incorporated in Hong Kong and has its principal place of
business there. The parties’ dispute in the main action arises from a
consultancy agreement entered into between the parties on 21 August 2003 (“the
Consultancy Agreement”), whereby Siemens AG agreed to pay commission to
Holdrich for its consultancy services if orders were “received by
SIEMENS”[note: 1] from certain entities in Sweden, Israel, Austria and India.
The Consultancy Agreement was later amended to remove Israel and to include
the Nordic regions, and was thereafter amended again to include Indonesia. It
was expressed to be governed by Singapore law; there was, however, no express
choice of forum.

10 In its statement of claim, Holdrich is claiming commission in respect of
its services in helping to secure a contract between two Indonesian entities,
_viz_ , PT Hutchinson CP Telecommunications and PT Siemens Indonesia. The main
issue is whether Holdrich is entitled to commission when contracts are
concluded with members of the Siemens group (in this case, PT Siemens
Indonesia) other than Siemens AG itself. Holdrich says “yes”, and, in support
of its claim, refers to correspondence from an employee of Siemens Network
GmbH & Co, KG (“Siemens GmbH”), which, according to Holdrich, amounted to an
admission of liability on behalf of Siemens AG. Siemens AG says “no”, and
proposes to call two of its ex-employees to explain the context in which the
Consultancy Agreement was concluded. Siemens AG also intends to call the
employee of Siemens GmbH who is said to have made the admission of liability.
These persons are said to be located in Germany. There was some mention before
the Judge of the need to call witnesses from the two Indonesian entities, but
this was not emphasised by either side on appeal. In addition, Dr Ingo
Gehring, a senior legal counsel of Siemens AG, deposed that Siemens AG is
currently being investigated by German public prosecutors in relation to
possibly illegal agreements including the Consultancy Agreement. No further
details were given.

11 Against this factual backdrop, Mr Vijayendran raised several practical
points which he said militated in favour of Germany as the _forum conveniens_.
He said that the two ex-employees proposed to be called by Siemens AG as
witnesses were located in Germany, and the same applied to the documentary
evidence proposed to be adduced by Siemens AG. He also mentioned that there
would be a need for Siemens AG’s evidence to be translated into English if
that evidence were to be received by a Singapore court. We were unable to
attach much significance to these points. The physical location of witnesses
is no longer a vital or even very material consideration with the advent of
video-link technology (see, _eg_ , _Peters Roger May v Pinder Lillian Gek
Lian_ [2006] 2 SLR(R) 381 at sub-para (e) of [26] and [27]). This applies _a
fortiori_ to the physical location of documents. The translation point which
Mr Vijayendran raised was at best ambivalent or neutral since it was not
suggested that translation would pose insuperable difficulties, and since
there would also be a need for Holdrich’s evidence to be translated if the
trial were to take place in Germany. We also took note of the fact that the
Consultancy Agreement and the documentary evidence exhibited thus far,
including the documents emanating from Siemens AG itself, are all in English,
thus suggesting that English is the _lingua franca_ of the parties and that,
if anything, an English-speaking forum is preferable.

12 With regard to the ongoing investigations by German public prosecutors into
Siemens AG’s agreements (see [10] above), in the absence of further details,
we were unable to make anything out of the fact that such investigations are
currently underway. Nothing specific was shown as to how the outcome of the
German investigations would impact the civil claim in the Singapore
proceedings. The point was also made that the German authorities might not
release the documents which were held by them. This was purely speculative and
no real reasons were addressed to us as to why that would be so or why the
German authorities would not allow copies of documents in their possession to
be made for the purposes of foreign proceedings.

13 It seemed clear to us that the only factor which decisively connected both
parties and their dispute to a jurisdiction was the parties’ choice of
Singapore law as the governing law for the Consultancy Agreement. In this
regard Mr N Sreenivasan argued on behalf of Holdrich that “in the absence of
any express choice of jurisdiction, [the] choice of Singapore law [was] an
implied choice of Singapore jurisdiction”.[note: 2] On the other hand, Mr
Vijayendran argued that specifying a choice of governing law was not quite the
same as specifying a choice of forum, not least because the parties to a
contract might stop short of selecting a jurisdiction as the forum for dispute
resolution on top of selecting that jurisdiction’s law as the governing law of
the contract precisely because they did not want to litigate in that
jurisdiction. While we thought that Mr Sreenivasan might have overstated his
argument on this point and that the general proposition made by Mr Vijayendran
was to be preferred, this would still leave the court with the task of
deciding the weight to be given to the parties’ choice of governing law in all
the circumstances of the case.

14 In our view, since the connecting factors to other jurisdictions were
ambivalent in the present case, the parties’ choice of Singapore law as the
governing law of the Consultancy Agreement must necessarily and inevitably
assume a greater degree of importance. Mr Vijayendran took a contrary view,
arguing that the choice of Singapore law was of limited weight since there
were only factual issues in dispute. We disagreed. As we mentioned earlier
(see [10] above), the main issue between the parties is whether the
Consultancy Agreement extends to contracts obtained by members of the Siemens
group other than Siemens AG itself. This is either a question of contractual
interpretation or a question on the implication of a term in fact. Both are
mixed questions of fact and law – the context in which the Consultancy
Agreement was concluded is a question of fact, while the interpretation to be
accorded to that agreement and the terms (if any) to be implied in the light
of that context involve questions of law which are to be answered with
reference to the principles governing the interpretation of contracts and the
implication of contractual terms. We hasten to add that these principles are,
of course, not so unique or difficult that they can only be applied by a
Singapore court. However, we would reiterate the oft-emphasised point that in
the absence of countervailing circumstances, there is much to be said for a
Singapore court applying Singapore law, and likewise for a foreign court
applying its own law (see _Rickshaw Investments Ltd and another v Nicolai
Baron von Uexkull_ [2007] 1 SLR(R) 377 (“ _Rickshaw Investments_ ”) at [42]
and _John Reginald Stott Kirkham and others v Trane US Inc and others_ [2009]
4 SLR(R) 428 at [44]). As Prof Adrian Briggs observed, when one jurisdiction
seeks to apply the law of another, “there is always a risk that too much will
get lost in translation” (see “A Map or a Maze: Jurisdiction and Choice of Law
in the Court of Appeal” (2007) 11 SYBIL 123 at p 125).

15 In this regard, the absence of any strong connecting factors here other
than the parties’ choice of Singapore law as the governing law of the
Consultancy Agreement can be contrasted with the circumstances in the case
relied on by Mr Vijayendran, _viz_ , _Macsteel Commercial Holdings (Pty) Ltd &
Anor v Thermasteel V (Canada) Inc & Anor_ [1996] CLC 1403. In that case, the
English Court of Appeal held that the strong connections to the Canadian
province of Ontario were not displaced simply because English law was the
proper law of the contract in issue. This was especially so since Ontario was
a common law jurisdiction and, therefore, the Ontario courts would not,
presumably, encounter any great difficulty in applying English contract law.
We think this was what Sir Thomas Bingham MR (with whom Millett and Pill LJJ
agreed) meant when he said (at 1407–1408):

In certain circumstances, as Lord Goff pointed out [in _Spiliada_], it [_ie_ ,
the parties’ choice of governing law] is a factor of importance, in
particular, where there is some distinction or some arguable distinction
between the law[s] of the two competing jurisdictions. But there is no
suggestion in the evidence that the law of England and the law of Ontario are
in any way different on the apparently straightforward issues raised by this
dispute. …

…

… [The judge at first instance] wrongly, in my judgment, on the facts of this
case, attributed much too great weight to the choice of English law in a
matter in which no difference between the competing laws was shown …

16 In contrast, the alternative forum here is Germany, a _civil law_
jurisdiction. In the absence of more evidence than what has been shown to us,
we cannot, with respect, say that the German courts would be able to fluently
apply Singapore law. In any case, however fluent the German courts might be in
applying Singapore law, it would surely be far more appropriate for a
Singapore court to apply Singapore law.

17 Mr Vijayendran also argued that the Judge wrongly applied _Rickshaw
Investments_ when he held (at [6] of the GD) that:

The parties had agreed on Singapore law as the governing law and this is an
important consideration even though there is no other connection to Singapore.
There are many instances today where parties from different countries have
decided on Singapore law as a neutral choice and due regard must be given to
this factor, as was done in Rickshaw Investments _…_

We did not agree with Mr Vijayendran on this point. It was clear to us,
reading the GD as a whole, that the Judge was, as he should, deciding the
_forum conveniens_ issue on the facts of the case, and was only referring –
quite correctly – to Rickshaw Investments as an example of a case where choice
of law issues were closely scrutinised in order to decide a question of
jurisdiction.

18 Separately, Mr Vijayendran sought to downplay the importance of the
parties’ choice of Singapore law as the governing law of the Consultancy
Agreement by arguing that Siemens GmbH’s authority to make admissions of
liability on behalf of Siemens AG was governed by German law. Mr Vijayendran
did not press this argument, and, in any event, we were unable to agree with
it for two reasons. First, the admissions of liability said to be made by
Siemens GmbH are, at best, only part of the circumstances to be taken into
account in determining how the Consultancy Agreement should be interpreted and
what implied terms (if any) should be read into it. Therefore, even assuming
that German law governs the question of Siemens GmbH’s authority to make
admissions of liability on Siemens AG’s behalf, it will still be of subsidiary
importance to Singapore law, which governs the overall questions of
contractual interpretation and implication of contractual terms. Second, we
would think that there is an argument to be made that, for the purposes of a
contract, questions of agency between the contracting parties ought also to be
governed by the proper law of the contract. However, given that (as just
mentioned) German law would in any case be of subsidiary importance to
Singapore law, we do not propose to express a concluded view on the matter.

19 We therefore agreed with the Judge that Singapore was the _forum
conveniens_ and that Holdrich should be granted leave for service out of
jurisdiction. In concluding, we would reiterate that the purpose of the _forum
non conveniens_ analysis is to identify the _most appropriate_ forum to hear
the substantive dispute. It is not an exercise in comparing the sheer number
of connecting factors which point to this or that jurisdiction. What matters
is the weight to be given to each connecting factor in the light of all the
circumstances of the case. In a finely-balanced case such as the present, a
single connecting factor could well be decisive. It is also well to remember
that while the connecting factors may not always point decisively to only one
jurisdiction, there must in every case be a most appropriate forum in which to
try the dispute – as we said earlier, the _forum non conveniens_ doctrine
would be brought into ridicule if it yields the result that an international
dispute is stuck in jurisdictional limbo because the connecting factors are
finely balanced. In this regard, it bears emphasis that while the analysis in
a service out of jurisdiction case must necessarily begin with the principle
that the plaintiff bears the burden of persuading the court that Singapore is
the _forum conveniens_ , this should not overly detain the court as it engages
in the exercise of identifying the most appropriate forum on a close scrutiny
of the facts before it.

Conclusion

20 For these reasons, we dismissed the appeal with costs and the usual
consequential orders. At the invitation of both parties, we fixed the costs at
$12,000 including disbursements.

* * *

[note: 1]See the Appellant’s Core Bundle at vol 2, p 9.

[note: 2]See para 22 of the Respondent’s Case.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 23 Jun 2010 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

