Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Chan Miu Yin _v_ Philip Morris Singapore Pte Ltd  
[2011] SGHC 161

Case Number| :| Suit No 152 of 2011 (Summons No 1924 of 2011)  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 04 July 2011  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Shaun Leong Li Shiong AR  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Tan Chau Yee (Harry Elias Partnership LLP) for the
plaintiff; J. Sathiaseelan and Ramesh Kumar (Allen & Gledhill LLP) for the
defendant.  
Parties| :|  Chan Miu Yin — Philip Morris Singapore Pte Ltd  
  
4 July 2011|  
---|---  
  
Shaun Leong Li Shiong AR:

Introduction

1 The present striking-out application raises the interesting question of
whether it is plain and obvious that a former employee’s claim against the
former employer for damages in having been dismissed in an _unfair manner_ ,
or in _bad faith_ , discloses no reasonable cause of action.

2 The plaintiff is a former employee of the defendant, and she claimed to have
been dismissed in an unfair manner, and/or dismissed in bad faith, by the
defendant. The defendant brought an application to strike out the plaintiff’s
claim, principally on the basis that a claim brought by a former employee
against an employer for the unfair manner of dismissal and dismissal made in
bad faith is not recognised under the law. I have explained how it is not
plain and obvious that the law does not recognise a former employee’s claim in
damages for the unfair manner of dismissal and dismissal in bad faith (see
especially [38]–[40], [43]-[45], [48]-[51], [57]-[59]), notwithstanding the
seminal House of Lords’ (as it then was) decision of _Johnson v Unisys Ltd_
[2003] 1 A.C. 518 (“ _Johnson v Unisys_ ”) and the developments subsequent to
the decision.

3 Nevertheless, in view of the plaintiff’s _material admissions in the
pleadings_ , I found the claim to be inescapably and fundamentally flawed, the
continuance of which would achieve no practical result other than to advance
the plaintiff’s collateral interests in pursuing the defendant to pay her more
than what she was contractually entitled to under her employment contract. The
claim is therefore struck out as it is frivolous, vexatious, and an abuse of
proceedings.

Factual background

4 The plaintiff entered into a written contract of employment with the
defendant pursuant to a letter of appointment dated 26 June 1997, where the
plaintiff was appointed the manager of Information Systems. Its terms included
a discretionary variable bonus in addition to the salary, and a termination
clause, the relevant parts of which has been reproduced as follows (“the
termination clause”):

9\. **_Termination_**

... your service with the Company may be terminated by either party giving to
the other not less than one(1) month’s notice in writing or one(1) month’s
salary in lieu of notice.

Your employment may be terminated immediately by the Company without prior
notice if you shall at any time: -

(i) Commit any serious or persistent breach or any of the terms of your
employment; or

(ii) be guilty of any grave misconduct or wilful neglect in the discharge of
your duties; or

(iii) become bankrupt or make any arrangements or composition with your
creditors.

5 The plaintiff was employed by the defendant for about 13 years before her
employment was terminated on 21 January 2011. According to the plaintiff, her
contract of employment was terminated because the defendant had wanted to
“silence her”, as she had highlighted several unlawful activities that the
defendant was allegedly involved in. Specifically, in 2009, the plaintiff had
raised some questions regarding the defendant’s conduct of alleged unlawful
marketing activities to the defendant’s then general manager, one Mr Daniel
Touw.

6 Subsequently, on 17 June 2010, the Health Sciences Authority (“HSA”)
preferred two charges against the defendant (the legal proceedings in
connection with these two charges were on-going as at 29 March 2011). Under
the two charges, it was alleged that the defendant had published
advertisements that contained express inducements to purchase a tobacco
product.

7 On 2 August 2010, the plaintiff again highlighted the defendant’s alleged
unlawful marketing activities, this time to one Mr Martin Inkster (“Mr
Inkster”), the general manager who had replaced Mr Touw. According to the
plaintiff, she had strongly advised Mr Inkster to discontinue those alleged
unlawful marketing activities.

8 During a performance review on 14 January 2011, Mr Inkster informed the
plaintiff that her work performance for the year 2010 was assessed as
“improvable”, which was the lowest rating under the defendant’s appraisal
process. The appraisal was based on Mr Inkster’s personal assessment of the
plaintiff’s work performance, as well as on the assessment provided by Ms
Jennie Chan, the director of Information Systems Asia, and Ms Hsu King Lan,
who was Ms Jennie Chan’s immediate supervisor.

9 It was not disputed that the plaintiff had received relatively positive
annual appraisals prior to the year 2008, and that the plaintiff had received
a few awards in recognition of her service to the defendant, the last of which
was received in around November 2008. However, it was also common ground
between the parties that the plaintiff had been given the lowest appraisal
rating of “improvable” for three consecutive years, from 2008 to 2010.

10 On 17 January 2011, the defendant, through Mr Inkster and Mr Chua Chee Wee
(the defendant’s Human Resource officer) (“Mr Chua”) offered to terminate the
plaintiff’s employment with payment of one month’s salary in lieu of notice in
accordance with the termination clause, and an _ex gratia_ payment of
S$40,000. The plaintiff requested for more time to respond.

11 Mr Inkster and Mr Chua met the plaintiff in the morning of 21 January 2011,
when the plaintiff rejected the defendant’s offer made on 17 January 2011.
According to the defendant, the plaintiff had, at this meeting, alleged that
Mr Inkster had conspired to terminate the plaintiff’s employment because; the
plaintiff had highlighted several unlawful activities that the defendant had
allegedly been involved in to Mr Inkster on 2 August 2010, and that the
plaintiff had in her possession information that may be damaging to the
defendant in the legal proceedings related to the two charges preferred by
HSA. Mr Inkster rejected these allegations and maintained that her dismissal
was due to the plaintiff’s poor work performance as reflected in her getting
the lowest rating under the defendant’s appraisal process. Mr Inkster
thereafter informed the plaintiff that if the terms of the 17 January letter
were rejected, the defendant would be constrained to terminate her employment
in accordance with the termination clause in the letter of appointment, and
asked the plaintiff to re-consider the offer.

12 Mr Inkster and Mr Chua met the plaintiff again in the afternoon of 21
January 2011. According to the plaintiff, she had expressed that the manner in
which she was terminated was unfair, especially given her many years of
contribution to the defendant, and the fact that the _ex gratia_ payment of
S$40,000 would in any case, have been paid to her as part of her incentive
compensation. It was not disputed that the plaintiff found the offer of _ex
gratia_ payment of S$40,000 a paltry offer as she have heard of cases where
former employees of the defendant who were dismissed were paid much more when
they were dismissed. The defendant increased its offer of _ex gratia_ payment
from S$40,000 to S$75,000. The plaintiff rejected this offer.

13 The defendant therefore terminated the employment contract by a letter
dated 21 January 2011. No reasons were given for the termination. It was
common ground between the parties that no _express terms_ of the employment
contract have been breached in the termination. It was undisputed that, the
termination clause has been complied with, as the plaintiff was in fact paid
_more than_ one month’s salary in lieu of notice; specifically the sum of
S$26,993.47. This amount comprises the plaintiff’s one month’s salary for the
period of 1 January 2011 to 31 January 2011 (S$11,706.00), the plaintiff’s one
month salary in lieu of notice (S$11,706.00), the year end bonus pro-rated on
a one month basis (S$975.50), transport allowance (S$625.00), mobile phone
allowance (S$90.00), and payment for unconsumed accrued annual leave of 3.5
days (S$1,890.97). After taking into account the CPF deductions, the sum of
S$25,519.47 was credited to the plaintiff’s bank account.

14 The plaintiff commenced an action against the defendant, and claimed for
damages for having been dismissed in an unfair manner, and dismissed in bad
faith. The plaintiff pleaded that the _manner_ in which her employment was
terminated was _unfair_ in the following (see Reply at [18]):

...the Plaintiff had expressed that the _manner_ in which she was being
terminated is _unfair_ , especially given her many years of contribution to
the Defendant, the manner in which she was targeted to leave, how her annual
leave balance was adjusted to reflect only up till 31 January 2011 even though
the Plaintiff’s employ had not been terminated at the point of time, and the
fact that the _ex gratia payment of S$40,000 offered in the 17 January Letter
would, in any case, have been due from the Defendant to her as part of her
incentive compensation_.[Emphasis added].

15 With regard to her claim of having been dismissed in _bad faith_ , the
plaintiff elaborated in the pleadings the reasons and motivations behind the
dismissal (see statement of claim at [14]):

The Defendant had decided to terminate the Plaintiff’s employ _due to the
Defendant’s desire to silence the Plaintiff_ , due to:

a.the Plaintiff’s knowledge of the Defendant’s unlawful marketing activities,

b.the Plaintiff raising questions regarding the Defendant’s conducting [sic]
[of] any unlawful marketing activities and advising the Defendant to
discontinue those activities and to set things right,

c.any possible discriminatory evidence that [the Plaintiff] may have against
the Defendant’s such activities (including but not limited to the current
charges by the [Health Sciences Authority]),

d.[the Plaintiff] having continued access to sensitive documents if she were
to continue to be under the Defendant’s employ, and/or

e.The fact that she may one day be summoned to testify against the Defendant
with these evidence that she had access to, given her strong stance on the
matter.

The Defendant’s act of termination of the Plaintiff’s employ [was made] _in
retaliation against her raising the question and her concern regarding the
Defendant’s conducting any unlawful marketing activities_... [Emphasis added].

16 The defendant’s pleaded position is that the plaintiff’s claim was designed
to wrongfully exert pressure on the defendant to pay the plaintiff monies that
the defendant is not lawfully obliged to pay. The defendant then took up an
application under O 18 r 19(1) of the Rules of Court and/or under the inherent
jurisdiction of the Court to strike out the plaintiff’s claim.

The issues

17 It was not disputed that there was no breach of any _express terms_ in the
employment contract. The termination clause expressly provides that the
employment contract can be terminated by either party giving to the other not
less than one month’s notice in writing, or one month’s salary in lieu of
notice. It was also not in dispute that the latter was elected and performed
by the defendant; the plaintiff had in fact received more than one month’s
salary in lieu of notice. The key dispute lies in whether there was any breach
of the **_implied terms_** (presupposed to be) found in the employment
contract. In the proceedings before me, the parties dealt with the matter at
the _threshold level_. More specifically, the plaintiff’s claim on dismissal
made in an unfair manner and/or dismissal made in bad faith was premised upon
the _presupposition_ that there exists in employment contracts (in general,
and subject to the express terms of the contract in question) two _implied
terms in law_ :

(1)the implied term that the employer will treat an employee **_fairly_** in
the **_manner_** of dismissal; and

(2)the implied term that the employer **_will not exercise the contractual
right_** to terminate the employment contract **_in bad faith_**.

18 It was submitted on behalf of the defendant, that the employer’s reasons
and motivations in terminating a contract of employment are irrelevant under
the common law, and that the law does not recognise a claim based on dismissal
in bad faith. The defendant relied heavily on the decision of _Hui Cheng Wan
Agnes v Nippon SP Tech (S) Pte Ltd_ [2001] SGHC 271 (“ _Hui Cheng Wan_ ”) to
support this position. Consistently, the defendant’s counsel maintained that a
claim based on “unfair dismissal” is not recognised by the common law, and has
no place in Singapore law. The defendant relied principally on the decision of
_Aldabe Fermin v Standard Chartered Bank_ [2010] 3 SLR 722 to support this
position.

19 In view of the oft-stated principle in _Ching Mun Fong (executrix of the
estate of Tan Geok Tee, deceased) v Liu Cho Chit and another appeal_ [2000] 1
SLR(R) 53 at [12], the _overarching_ issue is whether it is _plain and
obvious_ that the plaintiff’s claim for damages based on unfair dismissal
and/or dismissal made in bad faith discloses no reasonable cause of action.
This issue can in turn be answered by examining two precise sub-issues of,
whether it is plain and obvious that the law does not recognise the existence
of:

(a)an implied term that the employer will treat an employee fairly in the
manner of dismissal; and

(b)an implied term that the employer will not exercise the contractual right
to terminate the employment contract in bad faith.

20 In view of the defendant’s pleaded position (see [29(g)] of Defence) that
the plaintiff’s claim is used to wrongfully exert pressure on the defendant to
pay the plaintiff monies that the defendant is not lawfully obliged to pay,
there is also a third issue of whether the claim ought to be struck out for
being frivolous, vexatious and an abuse of proceedings.

The Decision

Whether it is plain and obvious that the law does not recognise the existence
of an implied term that the employer will treat an employee fairly in the
manner of dismissal

21 The plaintiff has the unenviable task of challenging the House of Lords’
decision in _Johnson v Unisys_ , where it was conclusively held that the there
is no cause of action in common law for a claim for damages based on the
unfair manner of dismissal, and that such a claim was properly struck out as
disclosing no reasonable cause of action. Before the decision in _Johnson v
Unisys_ is discussed further, and in order to understand the reasoning of that
decision in its proper context, it is useful to highlight at the outset that
the implied term of _mutual trust and confidence_ in employment contracts has
apparently received _express_ recognition in local jurisprudence, in
particular, in the recent decision of _Wong Leong Wei Edward and another v
Acclaim Insurance Brokers Pte Ltd and another suit_ [2010] SGHC 352 (“ _Wong
Leong Wei v Acclaim Insurance_ ”).

The implied term of mutual trust and confidence

22 Although the implied term of mutual trust and confidence is distinct from
the implied term that the employer will not dismiss the employee unfairly; it
is significant that Lord Steyn has, in _Johnson v Unisys_ , opined that the
implied term that the employer will not dismiss the employee unfairly can be
developed from an expanded understanding of the implied term of mutual trust
and confidence between the employer and employee. (I add here,
parenthetically, that if Lord Steyn’s views are taken to be persuasive in the
local context, the apparent recognition of the implied term of mutual trust
and confidence in the decision of _Wong Leong Wei_ would militate against the
defendant’s position to some extent).

23 The existence of the implied term of mutual trust and confidence in every
contract of employment (subject to the express terms of the contract in
question) is, in so far as English law is concerned, entrenched by the House
of Lords’ decision in _Mahmud v Bank of Credit and Commerce International
S.A_. [1998] A.C. 20 (“ _Mahmud v BCCI_ ”). The plaintiffs were two long-
serving employees (one of 16 years, and the other, of 12 years) of a bank
which had collapsed as a result of massive fraud perpetrated by those in
control of the bank. After the plaintiffs were dismissed on grounds of
redundancy, the plaintiffs brought an action asserting that by reason of the
corrupt and dishonest manner in which the bank had operated and the
consequential collapse of the bank, the plaintiffs had much difficulty in
obtaining new employment because of their association with the bank, and thus
claimed for “stigma compensation” arising from being placed in a handicap in
the labour market. The Court of Appeal viewed that it was bound by the rule
set in an earlier House of Lords’ decision in _Addis v Gramophone Co Ltd_
[1909] A.C. 488 (“ _Addis v Gramophone_ ”) that the law recognises no claim in
damages for injury to feelings, mental distress, loss of reputation, or loss
of employment prospects stemming from the unfair, harsh or humiliating manner
of dismissal; and being bound by this rule, the Court of Appeal in _Mahmud v
BCCI_ decided that the claim for “stigma compensation” discloses no reasonable
cause of action.

24 When the matter came before the House of Lords’ in _Mahmud v BCCI_ , the
Law Lords heavily qualified the earlier decision of _Addis v Gramophone_ , and
held that the law recognises an implied term in every contract of employment
that the employer or employee would not, without reasonable and proper cause,
conduct oneself in a manner likely to destroy or seriously damage the
relationship of confidence and trust between the employer and employee. The
House of Lords held that the cause of action based upon the breach of this
implied term disclosed a reasonable cause of action, and found that the
employer in that case had breached the obligation (as derived from the implied
term of trust and confidence) not to carry on a dishonest or corrupt business
the stigma of which would imperil its employees’ chances of future employment.
Lord Steyn in _Mahmud v BCCI_ related the evolution of the implied term of
trust and confidence to the development of the employer-employee relationship,
and suggested that the origin of the term could be found in the implied
general duty to co-operate to ensure the performance of the contract (for the
general duty to co-operate, see _Goodway v Zurich Insurance Co_ [2004] EWHC
2825, (2004) 96 Const. L. R. 49; _Kellang Shipping SA v Axa Assurances Senega_
l [2007] 1 Lloyd’s Rep. 16 at [24], [36]), per Lord Steyn at 109:

The evolution of the [implied] term [of mutual trust and confidence] is a
comparatively recent development. The obligation probably has its origin in
the general duty of co-operation between contracting parties: _Hepple &
O'Higgins, Employment Law_, 4th ed. (1981), pp. 134-135, paras. 291-292. The
reason for this development is part of the history of the development of
employment law in this century. The notion of a 'master and servant'
relationship became obsolete. Lord Slynn of Hadley recently noted 'the changes
which have taken place in the employer-employee relationship, with far greater
duties imposed on the employer than in the past, whether by statute or by
judicial decision, to care for the physical, financial and even psychological
welfare of the employee:' _Spring v. Guardian Assurance Plc_. [1995] 2 A.C.
296 , 335B. A striking illustration of this change is Scally's case [1992] 1
A.C. 294 , to which I have already referred, where the House of Lords implied
a term that all employees in a certain category had to be notified by an
employer of their entitlement to certain benefits. It was the change in legal
culture which made possible the evolution of the implied term of trust and
confidence.

There was some debate at the hearing about the possible interaction of the
implied obligation of confidence and trust with other more specific terms
implied by law. It is true that the implied term adds little to the employee's
implied obligations to serve his employer loyally and not to act contrary to
his employer's interests. The major importance of the implied duty of trust
and confidence lies in its impact on the obligations of the employer… and the
implied obligation as formulated is apt to cover the great diversity of
situations in which a balance has to be struck between an employer's interest
in managing his business as he sees fit and the employee's interest in not
being unfairly and improperly exploited.

The evolution of the implied term of trust and confidence is a fact... I
regard the emergence of the implied obligation of mutual trust and confidence
as a sound development.

25 The House of Lords’ decision of _Mahmud v BCCI_ , and the existence of the
implied term of trust and confidence between the employer and employee, has
apparently been accepted in local jurisprudence. In particular, the Court in
_Wong Leong Wei v Acclaim Insurance_ observed the following:

51 It is thus apparent from _[Mahmud] v BCCI_ that a claimant will be entitled
to damages from a former employer if he or she can prove that the former
employer was in breach of the implied term of trust and confidence and which
resulted in loss of future employment prospects. …

52 ... on the authority of _[Mahmud] v BCCI_ , I accept the submission by
Edward’s counsel that, in principle, if it can be shown that the defendant had
wrongfully dismissed Edward _in a manner_ that was dishonest or illegitimate
which amounted to a breach of the implied term of trust and confidence, and as
a direct result of that wrongful dismissal it can be proven that Edward
suffered a real and provable financial loss, in my view, Edward would be
entitled to claim against the defendant for such loss beyond the contractual
notice period. [Emphasis added].

26 Having gone through the background of the implied term of mutual trust and
confidence between the employer and employee (which is necessary for the
proper understanding of the seminal House of Lords’ decision of _Johnson v
Unisys_), I will now move on to deal with the question proper of whether it is
plain and obvious that the law does not recognise the existence of an implied
term that the employer will treat an employee fairly in the manner of
dismissal. It would be appropriate to start off with the submissions made by
the defendant’s counsel on a local decision.

The defendant’s submissions on Aldabe Fermin

27 The defendant’s counsel, in [33] of the defendant’s further written
submissions, submitted that the decision of _Aldabe Fermin v Standard
Chartered Bank_ [2010] 3 SLR 722 (“ _Aldabe Fermin_ ”) is authority for the
position that a claim based on unfair dismissal is not applicable under
Singapore law. The defendant’s counsel relied on the following paragraphs of
the decision to support its submission:

49 This statutory action of unfair dismissal is entirely different from the
common law doctrine of wrongful dismissal. The term "wrongful dismissal" has
no special legal meaning. It is merely a term used to describe an employer's
repudiatory breach of an employment contract. The courts deal with a claim of
wrongful dismissal in the same way as they treat any other claim for breach of
contract. See _Port of Singapore Authority v Wallace John Bryson_ [19791980]
SLR(R) 670 ("_Wallace_ "). Hence, the common law rule that an employer can
rely on any additional reason(s) (whether known to him or not) which existed
at the time of dismissal to justify the dismissal applies in Singapore.

50 In contrast, unfair dismissal under the UK Act focuses on the employer's
state of mind. Under the UK Act, the employer is required to give the
dismissed employee a letter documenting the reasons for which he has been
summarily dismissed. Should the employee make a claim of unfair dismissal, the
employer must justify the dismissal with reference only to the reasons laid
out in that letter.

51 The UK Act has no equivalent in Singapore. Accordingly, the UK decisions
cited by the plaintiff dealing with unfair dismissal are not directly
relevant.

28 In my view, the submission is flawed is so far as it is based on reading
paragraphs [49] – [51] of the written grounds of _Aldabe Fermin_ in isolation,
and out of context. There is nothing in _Aldabe Fermin_ that states that a
common law claim based on unfair dismissal is not recognised under Singapore
law. The precise question that the Court in _Aldabe Fermin_ dealt with, was
whether the employer could rely on reasons that were not found in the
employer’s withdrawal letter to justify the summary dismissal of the employee.
In _Aldabe Fermin_ , the employer’s original reason for withdrawing its letter
of offer from the plaintiff-employee was due to the plaintiff’s stated desire
to resign on his first day of work. During the trial, the employer sought to
supplement its reasons for summarily dismissing the plaintiff by listing four
reasons that related to the plaintiff’s alleged misconduct. The Court
therefore, considered the relevant authorities and held that unlike the
position in the UK where the Employment Protection Act 1975 (c 71) (UK)
requires the employer to justify the dismissal only with reference to the
reasons stated in the dismissal letter, there is no such statutory requirement
or statutory equivalent in Singapore. As such, the Court concluded that (at
[56]):

Hence, I find that the defendant was not precluded from relying on the
additional grounds to justify the dismissal notwithstanding the fact that they
were not cited in the withdrawal letter.

29 It is therefore evident that the decision of _Aldabe Fermin_ provides no
assistance to the defendant. Having dealt with the defendant’s submission
based on _Aldabe Fermin_ , I will now proceed on to discuss the seminal House
of Lords decision of _Johnson v Unisys_.

The House of Lords’ decision of Johnson v Unisys

30 Notwithstanding the developments in _Mahmud v BCCI_ highlighted above, the
House of Lords in _Johnson v Unisys_ was not prepared to develop the implied
term of mutual trust and confidence further into an implied term that the
employer will treat an employee _fairly_ in the _manner_ of dismissal. In that
case, the plaintiff-employee had suffered work related stress and the
employers became aware of his particular psychological vulnerability. The
employee was asked to attend a meeting one day, and no specific allegations
were put to him. He was dismissed later on the same day. He made a complaint
of unfair dismissal to an industrial tribunal which upheld his complaint and
awarded him compensation. The employee thereafter commenced proceedings in
court against the employer for damages for wrongful dismissal, claiming that
he had suffered a mental breakdown and was thus unable to work due to the
_unfair manner_ in which he had been dismissed. The Court of Appeal upheld the
Judge’s decision to strike out the claim as disclosing no reasonable cause of
action. The House of Lords conclusively held that the there is no cause of
action in common law for the unfair manner of dismissal, and that the claim
was properly struck out. In particular, Lord Hoffmann held that, whilst it has
been established in _Mahmud v BCCI_ that a breach of the implied term of trust
and confidence can give rise to an action in damages, the courts are not
prepared to extend the implied term of trust and confidence to the
**_manner_** of the dismissal, per Lord Hoffmann at [44] to [46]:

In _Mahmud v Bank of Credit and Commerce International SA_ [1998] AC 20, 51
Lord Steyn said that the** _true ratio of Addis's case was that damages were
recoverable only for loss caused by a breach of contract, not for loss caused
by the manner of its breach_**... the only loss caused by a wrongful dismissal
flows from a failure to give proper notice or make payment in lieu. Therefore,
if wrongful dismissal is the only cause of action, nothing can be recovered
for mental distress or damage to reputation. On the other hand, if such damage
is loss flowing from a breach of another implied term of the contract, Addis's
case does not stand in the way. That is why, in Mahmud's case itself, damages
were recoverable for financial loss flowing from damage to reputation caused
by a breach of the implied term of trust and confidence.

In this case, Mr Johnson says likewise that his **_psychiatric injury is a
consequence of a breach of the implied term of trust and confidence_** ,
**_which required Unisys to treat him fairly in the procedures for
dismissal_**. He says that implied term now fills the gap which Lord Shaw of
Dunfermline perceived and regretted in Addis's case, at pp 504-505, by
creating a breach of contract additional to the dismissal itself.

… I rather doubt whether the term of trust and confidence should be pressed so
far. In the way it has always been formulated, it is concerned with preserving
the continuing relationship which should subsist between employer and
employee. So it does not seem altogether appropriate for use in connection
with the way that relationship is terminated.

[Emphasis added in bold italics].

The rationale behind the decision in Johnson v Unisys

31 The necessary consequence of the above is that, as far as the position in
English law is concerned, the law does not recognise any implied term that an
employer will not act unfairly towards the employee in relation to the manner
of dismissal, and any claim based on such implied term that does not exist
would not disclose a reasonable cause of action in common law. Therefore,
going by the _ratio_ in _Johnson v Unisys itself_ , it would be plain and
obvious that a claim for damages based on unfair dismissal discloses no
reasonable cause of action. However, if one examines the **_reasons_** behind
the _ratio_ in _Johnson v Unisys_ , the situation becomes evidently more
“grey” and less plain and obvious than it seemed to be. In coming to their
decision, the House of Lords deferred to Parliament’s expressed intention in
having enacted the Employment Rights Act 1996, which granted employment
tribunals the jurisdiction to adjudicate upon employer-employee disputes on
unfair dismissal, and which further provided a compensatory regime to allow
employees to be compensated for being unfairly dismissed. Lord Nicholls
expressed the view that this statutory right not to be unfairly dismissed
could not satisfactorily co-exist with a common law right (at [2]):

Having heard full argument on the point, I am persuaded that a common law
right embracing the manner in which an employee is dismissed cannot
satisfactorily coexist with the statutory right not to be unfairly dismissed.
A newly developed common law right of this nature, covering the same ground as
the statutory right, would fly in the face of the limits Parliament has
already prescribed on matters such as the classes of employees who have the
benefit of the statutory right, the amount of compensation payable and the
short time limits for making claims. It would also defeat the intention of
Parliament that claims of this nature should be decided by specialist
tribunals, not the ordinary courts of law.

32 The deference to Parliament’s intention was evident in Lord Hoffmann’s
grounds:

37 Employment law requires a balancing of the interests of employers and
employees, with proper regard not only to the individual dignity and worth of
the employees but also to the general economic interest. Subject to observance
of fundamental human rights, _the point at which this balance should be struck
is a matter for democratic decision_. The development of the common law by the
judges plays a subsidiary role. Their traditional function is to adapt and
modernise the common law. But such developments must be consistent with
legislative policy as expressed in statutes. The courts may proceed in harmony
with Parliament but there should be no discord.

…

51 … the unfair dismissal provisions were re-enacted and, as subsequently
amended, are consolidated in Part X of the Employment Rights Act 1996. The
jurisdiction is now exercised by employment tribunals and forms part of the
fabric of English employment law.

52 Section 94(1) of the 1996 Act provides that "An employee has the right not
to be unfairly dismissed by his employer". The Act contains elaborate
provisions dealing with what counts as dismissal and with the concept of
unfairness, which may relate to the substantive reason for dismissal or (as in
this case) the procedure adopted…

…

54 …this statutory system for dealing with unfair dismissals was set up by
Parliament to deal with the recognised deficiencies of the law as it stood at
the time of _Malloch v Aberdeen Corpn_ [1971] 1 WLR 1581 . The remedy adopted
by Parliament was not to build upon the common law by creating a statutory
implied term that the power of dismissal should be exercised fairly or in good
faith, leaving the courts to give a remedy on general principles of
contractual damages. _Instead, it set up an entirely new system outside the
ordinary courts, with tribunals staffed by a majority of lay members, applying
new statutory concepts and offering statutory remedies. Many of the new rules,
such as the exclusion of certain classes of employees and the limit on the
amount of the compensatory award, were not based upon any principle which it
would have been open to the courts to apply. They were based upon policy_ and
represented an attempt to balance fairness to employees against the general
economic interests of the community…

…

56 Part X of the Employment Rights Act 1996 therefore gives a remedy for
exactly the conduct of which Mr Johnson complains. But Parliament had
restricted that remedy to a maximum of £11,000, whereas Mr Johnson wants to
claim a good deal more. The question is whether the courts should develop the
common law to give a parallel remedy which is not subject to any such limit.

57 My Lords, I do not think that it is a proper exercise of the judicial
function of the House to take such a step. Judge Ansell, to whose unreserved
judgment I would pay respectful tribute, went in my opinion to the heart of
the matter when he said:

"there is not one hint in the authorities that the ... tens of thousands of
people that appear before the tribunals can have, as it were, a _possible
second bite in common law_ and I ask myself, if this is the situation, why on
earth do we have this special statutory framework? What is the point of it if
it can be circumvented in this way? ... it would mean that effectively the
statutory limit on compensation for unfair dismissal would disappear."

58 I can see no answer to these questions. For the judiciary to construct a
general common law remedy for unfair circumstances attending dismissal would
be to go contrary to the evident intention of Parliament that there should be
such a remedy but that it should be limited in application and extent.

[Emphasis added].

33 Lord Millet held the same view, and added the simple, yet powerful point
that, in view of the statutory right not to be unfairly dismissed, it would
_not be necessary_ to imply in every contract of employment a term to the same
effect (at [80]):

…the creation of the statutory right has made any such development of the
common law both unnecessary and undesirable. In the great majority of cases
the new common law right would merely replicate the statutory right; and it is
obviously unnecessary to imply a term into a contract to give one of the
contracting parties a remedy which he already has without it. In other cases,
where the common law would be giving a remedy in excess of the statutory
limits or to excluded categories of employees, it would be inconsistent with
the declared policy of Parliament. In all cases it would allow claims to be
entertained by the ordinary courts when it was the policy of Parliament that
they should be heard by specialist tribunals with members drawn from both
sides of industry. And, even more importantly, the coexistence of two systems,
overlapping but varying in matters of detail and heard by different tribunals,
would be a recipe for chaos. All coherence in our employment laws would be
lost.

Transposing Johnson v Unisys onto the local existing statutory framework

34 As can be seen from the above, the House of Lords in _Johnson v Unisys_ was
constrained in implying the term not to be unfairly dismissed in employment
contracts, in view of the express statutory right not to be unfairly dismissed
found in Part X of the UK Employment Rights Act. It is therefore arguable
that, given that there is no such _equivalent_ legislation in Singapore (as
observed in _Aldabe Fermin_ at [51]), there would be no similar impediment (as
the one faced by the House of Lords) in preventing our Courts from implying a
term to protect employees from being unfairly dismissed, into every contract
of employment. Despite so, it cannot be said that the existing legislative
framework in Singapore is entirely oblivious to the possibility of employees
being dismissed in an unfair manner. For a start, s 10 of the Employment Act
(Cap 91, 2009 Rev Ed) (“the Act”) mandates that, in a situation where notice
is given by the employer for termination of contract, the period of notice
should be as that agreed in the contact of employment. If the contract does
not provide for the period of notice, the Act stipulates a graduated fixed
period of notice; the longer the employee has been employed, the longer the
period of notice:

Notice of termination of contract

10.—(1) Either party to a contract of service may at any time give to the
other party notice of his intention to terminate the contract of service.

(2) The length of such notice shall be the same for both employer and employee
and shall be determined by any provision made for the notice in the terms of
the contract of service, or, in the absence of such provision, shall be in
accordance with subsection (3).

(3) The notice to terminate the service of a person who is employed under a
contract of service shall be not less than —

(a) one day’s notice if he has been so employed for less than 26 weeks;

(b) one week’s notice if he has been so employed for 26 weeks or more but less
than 2 years;

(c) 2 weeks’ notice if he has been so employed for 2 years or more but less
than 5 years; and

(d) 4 weeks’ notice if he has been so employed for 5 years or more.

(4) This section shall not be taken to prevent either party from waiving his
right to notice on any occasion.

(5) Such notice shall be written and may be given at any time, and the day on
which the notice is given shall be included in the period of the notice.

35 Section 11(1) of the Act provides some measure of protection for employees
who have been given notice in accordance to s 10, but have been asked to leave
earlier without waiting for the expiry of the notice. Such employees would be
paid a pro-rated amount:

Termination of contract without notice

11.—(1) Either party to a contract of service may terminate the contract of
service without notice or, if notice has already been given in accordance with
section 10, without waiting for the expiry of that notice, by paying to the
other party a sum equal to the amount of salary at the gross rate of pay which
would have accrued to the employee during the period of the notice and in the
case of a monthly-rated employee where the period of the notice is less than a
month, the amount payable for any one day shall be the gross rate of pay for
one day’s work.

36 It is significant that s 14 of the Act provides that an employer may,
**_after due inquiry_** , dismiss the employee without notice on grounds of
misconduct. If the employee thinks that he was dismissed **_without just cause
or excuse_** , he may make representations in writing to the Minister. Under
the Act, the Minister has the power to request the Commissioner to _inquire_
into the dismissal to determine whether the dismissal was made without just
cause or excuse. If the Minister is satisfied that the dismissal was made
without just cause or excuse, he may direct the employer be reinstated or to
pay an amount of wages to compensate the employee. He has the power, under s
14(4) to give these directions “ _notwithstanding any rule of law or agreement
to the contrary_ ”. Section 14(5) provides that the Minister’s decision is
final and conclusive, and cannot be challenged in any court (subject to the
requirements of natural justice; see _Stansfield Business International Pte
Ltd v Minister for Manpower_ (formerly known as Minister for Labour) [1999] 2
SLR(R) 866). Pertinently, s 14(6) mandates that the Minister’s direction to
reinstate or to compensate in wages the employee _operates as a bar against
any action for damages_ by the employee in any court in respect of the
wrongful dismissal. The relevant parts of s 14 are reproduced as follows:

Misconduct of employee

14.—(1) An employer may _after due inquiry_ dismiss without notice an employee
employed by him on the grounds of misconduct inconsistent with the fulfilment
of the express or implied conditions of his service except that instead of
dismissing an employee an employer may —

(a) instantly down-grade the employee; or

(b) instantly suspend him from work without payment of salary for a period not
exceeding one week.

(2) Notwithstanding subsection (1), where an employee considers that he has
been _dismissed without just cause or excuse_ by his employer, he may, within
one month of the dismissal, make representations in writing to the Minister to
be reinstated in his former employment.

(3) The Minister may, before making a decision on any such representations, by
writing under his hand  _request the Commissioner to inquire into the
dismissal_ and report whether in his opinion the dismissal is without just
cause or excuse.

(4) If, after considering the report made by the Commissioner under subsection
(3), the Minister is satisfied that the employee has been dismissed without
just cause or excuse, he may, _notwithstanding any rule of law or agreement to
the contrary_ —

(a) direct the employer to reinstate the employee in his former employment and
to pay the employee an amount that is equivalent to the wages that the
employee would have earned had he not been dismissed by the employer; or

(b) direct the employer to pay such amount of wages as compensation as may be
determined by the Minister,

and the employer shall comply with the direction of the Minister.

(5) The decision of the Minister on any representation made under this section
shall be final and conclusive and shall not be challenged in any court.

(6) Any direction of the Minister under subsection (4) _shall operate as a bar
to any action for damages by the employee in any court in respect of the
wrongful dismissal_.

(7) An employer who fails to comply with the direction of the Minister under
subsection (4) shall be guilty of an offence and shall be liable on conviction
to a fine not exceeding $10,000 or to imprisonment for a term not exceeding 12
months or to both.

[Emphasis added].

37 In addition to the above, an employee may lodge a claim or a complaint
before the Commissioner, who is empowered under s 115 to inquire into and to
decide _any dispute that arises from any term_ in the employment contract.

Commissioner’s power to inquire into complaints

115.—(1) Subject to this section, the Commissioner may inquire into and decide
_any dispute_ between an employee and his employer or any person liable under
the provisions of this Act to pay any salary due to the employee  _where the
dispute arises out of any term in the contract of service between the employee
and his employer_ or out of any of the provisions of this Act, and in
pursuance of that decision may make an order in the prescribed form for the
payment by either party of such sum of money as he considers just without
limitation of the amount thereof.

(2) The Commissioner shall not inquire into any dispute in respect of matters
arising earlier than one year from the date of lodging a claim under section
119 or the termination of the contract of service of or by the person claiming
under that section:

Provided that the person claiming in respect of matters arising out of or as
the result of a termination of a contract of service has lodged a claim under
section 119 within 6 months of the termination of the contract of service.

(3) The powers of the Commissioner under subsection (1) shall include the
power to hear and decide, in accordance with the procedure laid down in this
Part, any claim by a subcontractor for labour against a contractor or
subcontractor for any sum which the subcontractor for labour claims to be due
to him in respect of any labour provided by him under his contract with the
contractor or subcontractor and to make such consequential orders as may be
necessary to give effect to his decision.

(3A) Where the employee is employed in a managerial or an executive position,
an order for the payment of money under subsection (1) shall not exceed
$20,000.

(4) In this section, “employer” includes the transferor and the transferee of
an undertaking or part thereof referred to in section 18A.

[Emphasis added].

How it is not plain and obvious that the law does not recognise a former
employee’s claim in damages for the unfair manner of dismissal

38 In view of the various measures of statutory protection given to employees
under the Act, it could be argued that, in line with Lord Millet’s reasoning
in _Johnson v Unisys_ (see [33] above), it is not altogether necessary to
imply into the employment contract a term to protect employees from being
dismissed in an unfair manner. Indeed, one could argue that the existing
statutory framework under the Act manifests Parliament’s intention that
matters in the sphere of protecting employees from being unfairly dismissed
should be legislated, and that these matters lies within the province of
Parliament. Nevertheless, it should be noted that the Employment Act does not
apply to all contracts of employment. A person employed in a managerial or an
executive position, and who receives a salary exceeding $4,500 a month
(excluding overtime payments, bonus payments, annual wage supplements,
productivity incentive payments and any allowance) does not fall within the
definition of “employee” under s 2 of the Act (it is not in dispute that the
Act does not apply to the plaintiff’s contract of employment); while the Act
has limited applicability to persons employed in a managerial position or an
executive position and who receives a salary not exceeding $4,500 a month (see
s 2(2) of the Act).

39 Furthermore, despite the substantial measure of protection given to
(certain definitions of) employees under the Employment Act, it remained so
that **_unlike the position in England_** , **_there is no express statutory
right not to be unfairly dismissed_**. Given that there is no such express
statutory right not to be unfairly dismissed, Lord Millet’s reasoning in
_Johnson v Unisys_ based on the **_necessary_** implication of terms (see [33]
above) _would not be evidently_ applicable to the local context. Nevertheless,
this is not a case where an argument could simply be made that, **_just
because_** the express statutory right not to be unfairly dismissed does not
exist in Singapore, an employee would _ipso facto_ have a common law claim in
damages for unfair dismissal; for there is undeniable force in Lord Hoffmann’s
argument in _Johnson v Unisys_ (see [32] above) that the implication of a term
to support such a claim would be a decision based upon **_policy_** , and
would involve the intricate balance between the individual dignity and worth
of the employees against the general economic interests of the community.
Simply put, the questions relating to the fairness of dismissal, in so far as
_every contract of employment_ is concerned, would be a matter of (in Lord
Hoffmann’s view) **_democratic decision_** that falls outside the province of
the Courts.

40 That the issues involved in the sphere of unfair dismissal requires a
considered and nuanced approach in taking into account the interests of all
stakeholders is without doubt, and is particularly emphasized by the fact
that, in England, **_even with_** an existing comprehensive statutory regime
to protect employees from unfair dismissal, the House of Lords found it
necessary to _minimize_ the impact of the _ratio_ in _Johnson v Unisys_. In
this regard, it is pertinent that in about three years after the decision of
_Johnson v Unisys_ , the House of Lords took the opportunity to clarify and
delineate the _ratio_ of _Johnson v Unisys_ , in the decisions of _Eastwood v
Magnox Electric_ and _McCabe v Cornwall County Council_ [2005] 1 A.C. 503 (“
_Eastwood_ ” and “ _McCabe_ ”), in what Lord Nicholls termed the “ _Johnson
exclusion area_ ”:

_The boundary line_

27 Identifying the boundary of the _'Johnson_ exclusion area', as it has been
called, is comparatively straightforward. The statutory code provides remedies
for infringement of the statutory right not to be dismissed unfairly. An
employee's remedy for unfair dismissal, whether actual or constructive, is the
remedy provided by statute. If before his dismissal, whether actual or
constructive, an employee has acquired a cause of action at law, for breach of
contract or otherwise, that cause of action remains unimpaired by his
subsequent unfair dismissal and the statutory rights flowing therefrom. By
definition, in law such a cause of action exists independently of the
dismissal.

28 In the ordinary course, suspension apart, an employer's failure to act
fairly in the steps leading to dismissal does not of itself cause the employee
financial loss. _The loss arises when the employee is dismissed and it arises
by reason of his dismissal. Then the resultant claim for loss falls squarely
within the Johnson exclusion area_.

29 Exceptionally this is not so. Exceptionally, financial loss may flow
directly from the _employer's failure to act fairly when taking steps leading
to dismissal_. Financial loss flowing from suspension is an instance. Another
instance is cases such as those now before the House, when an employee suffers
financial loss from psychiatric or other illness caused by his pre-dismissal
unfair treatment. In such cases the employee has a common law cause of action
which precedes, and is independent of, his subsequent dismissal. In respect of
his subsequent dismissal he may of course present a claim to an employment
tribunal. If he brings proceedings both in court and before a tribunal he
cannot recover any overlapping heads of loss twice over.

[Emphasis added].

41 Lord Nicholls’ definition of the “ _Johnson_ exclusion area” reduces the
impact of the _ratio_ in _Johnson v Unisys_. Under the defined “ _Johnson_
exclusion area”, a claim in damages arising from the _unfair manner of
dismissal_ falls within the exclusion, and does not give rise to any common
law claim, for such a claim already exists within the statutory protection
against unfair dismissal; whereas a claim in damages arising from _pre-
dismissal events_ falls outside the exclusion area and would give rise to a
common law cause of action for breach of the contract (specifically, breach of
the implied term of mutual trust and confidence) that is independent from the
fact of the dismissal itself.

42 In _Eastwood_ , the two employees-plaintiffs had a superior who had a long
standing grudge against them. The superior and the employees’ manager had
worked together to encourage colleagues to provide false statements and to
formulate complaints of sexual harassment against the employees. The employees
was suspended (but not dismissed), without being informed of the allegations
made against them. The employees claimed that the members of management
conduct a campaign to demoralise them prior to their dismissal, and that this
was a breach of the implied term of trust and confidence which took place
prior to their dismissal. They claimed to have suffered psychiatric illnesses
caused by a deliberate course of conduct by members of the management. Lord
Nicholls, applying the “ _Johnson_ exclusion area”, held that the employees’
claim in _Eastwood_ fell outside the exclusion area and found that the claim
in damages gave rise to a cause of action in common law. In doing so, His
Lordship was at the same time acutely aware of the practical problems that
would naturally arise from the “ _Johnson_ exclusion area”, one of which was
the disconcerting anomaly that an employer would be better off dismissing an
employee rather than to suspend him, for an employer in the former position
would be able to restrict the amount of damages compensable to that of the
prescribed statutory limit; whereas employees would attempt to circumvent the
statutory limit by identifying facts which occurred prior to the dismissal, in
order to create a claim based not on the unfairness of the dismissal itself,
but on the breach of the implied term of mutual trust and confidence (per Lord
Nicholls):

31 ...the existence of this boundary line means that in some cases a
continuing course of conduct, typically a disciplinary process followed by
dismissal, may have to be chopped _artificially_ into separate pieces. In
cases of constructive dismissal _a distinction will have to be drawn between
loss flowing from antecedent breaches of the trust and confidence term and
loss flowing from the employee's acceptance of these breaches as a repudiation
of the contract_. _The loss flowing from the impugned conduct taking place
before actual or constructive dismissal lies outside the Johnson exclusion
area, the loss flowing from the dismissal itself is within that area_. In some
cases this legalistic distinction may give rise to difficult questions of
_causation_ in cases such as those now before the House, where financial loss
is claimed as the consequence of psychiatric illness said to have been brought
on by the employer's conduct before the employee was dismissed. Judges and
tribunals, faced perhaps with conflicting medical evidence, _may have to
decide whether the fact of dismissal was really the last straw which proved
too much for the employee, or whether the onset of the illness occurred even
before he was dismissed_.

32 The existence of this boundary line produces other strange results. _An
employer may be better off dismissing an employee than suspending him. A
statutory claim for unfair dismissal would be subject to the statutory cap, a
common law claim for unfair suspension would not_... the decision in
_Johnson's_ case means that an employee who is psychologically vulnerable is
owed no duty of care in respect of his dismissal although, depending on the
circumstances, he may be owed a duty of care in respect of his suspension.

33 It goes without saying that an inter-relation between the common law and
statute having these awkward and unfortunate consequences is not satisfactory.
The difficulties arise principally because of the cap on the amount of
compensatory awards for unfair dismissal... _employees and their legal
advisers are seeking to side-step the statutory limit by identifying elements
in the events preceding dismissal, but leading up to dismissal, which can be
used as pegs on which to hang a common law claim for breach of an employer's
implied contractual obligation to act fairly. This situation merits urgent
attention by the government and the legislature_.

43 Lord Nicholls’ definition of the “ _Johnson_ exclusion area” in _Eastwood_
, made in about three years after the decision of _Johnson v Unisys_ , serves
to emphasize the fact that the _ratio_ in _Johnson v Unisys_ is _necessarily
dependent_ upon the existence of the statutory right not to be unfairly
dismissed; the delineation set out by the “ _Johnson_ exclusion area” thus
underscores the symmetry between the non-existence of a common law cause of
action in unfair dismissal and the existence of a corresponding statutory
cause of action. Likewise, the existence of a common law cause of action for
breach of an implied term of mutual trust and confidence reflects the non-
existence of a corresponding statutory cause of action. Applying the logic of
that symmetry to the present context may very well lead to a compelling case
that a common law cause of action in unfair dismissal would exist.

44 Subject to Lord Hoffmann’s significant caveat (in _Johnson v Unisys_) that
the sphere of unfair dismissal should be a matter of _democratic decision_ ,
one could argue that the non-existence of an express statutory protection
against unfair dismissal signify _Parliament’s intention_ to leave this issue
to be decided by the Courts. In my view, given that the position in England
itself is still in a state of development (as is evident from the recent
judicial pronouncements in _Eastwood_), despite having the benefit of guidance
from a comprehensive and express statutory regime in Part X of the UK
Employment Rights Act against unfair dismissal of employees, it would be
ambitious for the defendant in the present case to proclaim that the position
in Singapore is settled. This is particularly so given that the Courts in
Singapore have not, to date, had the opportunity to consider the reasoning in
_Johnson v Unisys_ , and to decide to _what extent_ would the reasoning in
that decision apply _viz_ the existing local legislative framework.

45 Whether the existing statutory regime in Singapore is sufficient to protect
employees’ rights relating to unfair dismissal, and whether _even if_
sufficient, are there any other reasons to (or not to) imply such a term (with
especial regard to Lord Hoffmann’s view that this could very well be a
question to be decided on _policy_ grounds (and hence to be left to the
province of Parliament)), are questions that have yet to be _fully_ considered
by a Court of law. There is no doubt that time is required for the development
of the implied term of mutual trust and confidence which was apparently
accepted in the local decision of _Wong Leong Wei v Acclaim Insurance_ only
very recently, especially for a task as important as that of implying a
_further_ (and separate) term in _every contract of employment_. For the
reasons above, I am _not_ prepared to strike out the plaintiff’s claim _on the
ground_ that a claim for damages based on unfair dismissal clearly and plainly
discloses no reasonable cause of action.

Whether it is plain and obvious that the law does not recognise the existence
of an implied term that the employer will not exercise the contractual right
to terminate the employment contract in bad faith

46 The defendant’s position is that the implied term that the employer will
not exercise the contractual right to terminate the employment contract in bad
faith does not exist in employment contracts. This is because the reasons and
motivations behind the dismissal are, according to the defendant, irrelevant.
This position is substantially weakened by the local Court of Appeal’s
decision of _Latham Scott v. Credit Suisse First Boston_ [2000] 2 SLR(R) 30 (“
_Latham Scott_ ”). In that case, the employee (“Latham”) entered into a
written contract of employment with the employer (“CSFB”). Its terms included
a discretionary bonus in addition to the salary, and it also provided that
either party could terminate the contract by giving the other a month’s
notice. Latham was asked by CSFB to leave shortly after he started work, and
CSFB terminated the contract of employment through a letter giving him a
month’s remuneration in lieu of notice. Latham commenced an action against
CSFB for damages in wrongful dismissal. Latham also alleged that CSFB had
acted in bad faith in dismissing him, thereby wrongfully depriving him of the
chance to earn a bonus.

47 The Court of Appeal (at [42]) considered the allegations based on bad faith
as Latham’s “second _substantive_ ground of appeal”, and considered the
evidence to determine the **_motivations_** behind the dismissal. Upon an
analysis of the evidence, the Court of Appeal found that Latham’s dismissal
could not be said to be _purely motivated_ by Latham’s complaints of alleged
insider trading made against some of CSFB’s senior employees; and that there
were several other events which related to Latham’s attitude and the poor
manner in which he interacted with his colleagues which amounted to reasonable
grounds for dismissal. The Court of Appeal held that Latham’s dismissal was
motivated by several factors, one of which was that his relationship with his
colleagues had deteriorated to such a great extent that CSFB thought Latham
should no longer remain in its employment. As such, the Court of Appeal
_concluded_ that CSFB did not act in bad faith in dismissing Latham (at para
[52]-[53]):

In our view, even if Latham was right to complain and comment that the use of
the information relating to the Srithai bonds buy-back by Harvey and Chan
amounted to insider trading, and that Harvey was annoyed with him for this
reason, _it did not mean that Latham's dismissal was motivated purely by this
event_. Although Latham tried to establish that this was the sole reason for
his dismissal, we have already considered the fact that _there were many other
complaints about his attitude and the manner in which he interacted with his
colleagues, the Bloomberg incident and the Chakra incident, that amounted to
reasonable grounds for CSFB to decide that Latham should not be retained_.

…Latham's complaints to Harvey and some other senior officers at CSFB that
Chan was mis-marking CSFB's books in order avoid paying taxes, that Latham
claimed annoyed Chan and Harvey so much so that he was dismissed for it. In
the first place, the judicial commissioner found that Latham's accusations
were unfounded. Latham himself recognised this but asserted that there was no
malice in his actions. This was accepted by the judicial commissioner. Again,
_it would be wrong to accept Latham's suggestion that his dismissal was
motivated by Chan's and Harvey's anger and bad faith in relation to this
matter. Clearly, his relationship with his colleagues and Harvey was not going
well and, by 19 September 1997, had deteriorated to such an extent that the
Chakra incident was the final straw_. On an overall assessment of the events
throughout the five to six months of Latham's employment with CSFB, rather
than regarding the incidents in isolation, it was apparent that Latham was not
able to fit into the organisation. Thus, CSFB was entitled to decide that
Latham should no longer remain in their employ even though they might well
have breached the contractual provision requiring them to give one month's
notice to him. _CSFB did not act in bad faith in dismissing Latham_.

[Emphasis added]

48 An argument could be made that the presence of the employer’s duty not to
exercise its contractual right to terminate the employment in bad faith was
_implicit_ in the decision of _Latham Scott_ , as it could be said that the
Court of Appeal’s willingness to consider the evidence to decide whether the
employer had acted in bad faith, _presupposes_ that the employer had a duty
not terminate employment in bad faith.

The defendant’s submissions on Latham Scott

49 The defendant’s counsel submitted that _Latham Scott_ does not apply to the
present case. It was submitted that _Latham Scott_ is a different case because
the employment contract in that case does not expressly provide that the
contract can be terminated with one month’s salary in lieu of notice, unlike
the present case. When this submission was made before me, I queried counsel
why would a duty not to dismiss in bad faith (“the duty”) exist in a contract
of employment which allows for termination with a month’s notice (such as the
situation in _Latham Scott_), but that such a duty does not exist in a
contract of employment which allows for termination with payment of a month’s
salary in lieu of notice (such as the situation in the present case)? I asked
for the rationale of such an anomaly, and counsel submitted that it was
because in the present case where the contract can be terminated with payment
of salary in lieu of notice, there was no requirement to provide any reasons
for the dismissal; and as there was no such requirement to give reasons, it
must follow that the reasons for the dismissal are irrelevant (“counsel’s
submission”). In addition, it is not in dispute that the employment contract
does not expressly state that reasons must be given for the dismissal.

50 Counsel’s submission presupposes that there can be no claims of dismissal
in bad faith where there is no requirement to provide reasons for dismissal.
It is not necessary to decide whether counsel’s submission is correct in law,
suffice to say that the position is _not plain and obvious_ , in view that the
Court of Appeal in _Latham Scott_ had went on to consider the substantive
allegations of bad faith, _notwithstanding_ the Court of Appeal’s express
recognition that there was _no requirement_ to provide any reasons to
terminate the employment contract (at [42], [44]):

…Latham's _second substantive ground of appeal_ was that CSFB had acted in bad
faith in dismissing him, thereby wrongfully depriving him of the chance to
earn his bonus payment. Latham's argument in this respect was two-pronged. On
the one hand, he said that he made substantial contributions to CSFB during
the course of his employment with them. In support of this allegation, he
cited a list of projects that he was involved in where he helped CSFB make
profits as a result of his proficient research skills. Latham also highlighted
Harvey's favourable written assessment of him in late June 1997. Furthermore,
Latham was allotted a tentative bonus of US$400,000 by Harvey as late as
August 1997, a mere three weeks before his dismissal.

…

…It may well be that Latham was performing reasonably well in certain areas
but not in all. This did not mean that he was immune from being contractually
dismissed. We noted from the outset that Latham's termination, eventually
found to be wrongful by the judicial commissioner on the technical ground that
he was not given the requisite one month's notice, was purportedly
contractual. CSFB never claimed that Latham had committed some form of gross
misconduct that entitled them to terminate his employment immediately. _Under
the terms of the contract, both Latham and CSFB could terminate the employment
contract without any reason, as long as the one month notice period was
adhered to. As such, the focus here would be whether CSFB acted in bad faith
by dismissing Latham because he had complained rightfully that his colleagues
were engaging in insider trading as regards the Srithai issue_.

[Emphasis added].

51 As can be seen from the above, the fact that the employment contract could
be terminated without the requirement to provide reasons, did not prevent the
Court of Appeal in _Latham Scott_ from considering the substantive allegations
of bad faith.

The defendant’s submissions on Hui Cheng Wan

52 Nevertheless, the defendant’s counsel made a second argument. It was
submitted that the decision of _Hui Cheng Wan_ is authority for the position
that the reasons and motivations behind an employer’s decision to terminate a
contract of employment are irrelevant, whenever there is an express term that
allows the employer to terminate the employment contract with payment of
salary in lieu of notice (such as that in the present case).

53 Just like in the present case, the employment contract in _Hui Cheng Wan_
provided that either party may terminate the contract with a month’s notice in
writing, or one month’s salary in lieu of notice. As a result of the
employee’s (“Ms Hui”) conduct and her alleged refusal to follow instructions,
the employer terminated the contract of employment with payment of one month’s
salary in lieu of notice. Ms Hui commenced an action against the employer for
wrongful dismissal. The Court found that the employment contract was validly
terminated; even though one Mr Kondo (the managing director of the parent
company of Ms Hui’s employer) gave evidence that the employer would not issue
a one month notice without good reason, the employer was nevertheless entitled
under the contract to terminate her employment with payment of one month’s
salary in lieu of notice even without any good reason.

54 Ms Hui, however made an alternative argument that her dismissal was made in
bad faith because she “knew too much”. In this regard, the facts in _Hui Cheng
Wan_ are similar to the present case, where the employee was dismissed because
the employer allegedly intended to “silence her”. More specifically, Ms Hui
claimed she knew that there had been excessive purchases at inflated prices by
the employer from several companies set up by a lady who had a close and
personal relationship with Mr Kondo, and that Mr Kondo had revised his own
salary package with prior approval. In the hearing before me, the defendant’s
counsel brought my attention to para [89] of the decision, where the Court
observed that:

I was of the view that the allegation of bad faith was a _red herring_ as
Nippon SPT was entitled to terminate her employment by paying one month’s
salary in lieu of notice.

[Emphasis added].

55 The defendant’s counsel submitted that the above paragraph shows that that
the reasons and motivations behind an employer’s decision to terminate a
contract of employment are irrelevant, where there is an express term that
allows the employer to terminate the employment contract with payment of
salary in lieu of notice. The true purport of this observation that the
allegation of bad faith was a “red herring” is unclear (and it could very well
be _obiter dicta_), as the Court went on to find that Ms Hui had failed to
establish bad faith _on the merits_ of her allegations (see _Hui Cheng Wan_ at
[90]). With respect, it does not appear, at least from the written decision in
_Hui Cheng Wan_ that the observation was made with consideration of any
authorities. No authorities were mentioned in arriving at that observation,
not least the Court of Appeal decision of _Latham Scott_ which was decided and
reported before the decision of _Hui Cheng Wan_. Notwithstanding the “red
herring” observation made in _Hui Cheng Wan_ , the pertinent question
remained: what could be the rationale to explain the anomaly where bad faith
is relevant in the context where the employment contract can be terminated
with a month’s notice (as was the situation in _Latham Scott_), but was
irrelevant in the context where the employment contract can be terminated with
payment of a month’s salary in lieu of notice? In both cases, there is no
requirement to provide reasons; yet this did not prevent the Court of Appeal
in _Latham Scott_ from considering the substantive allegations of bad faith.
The defendant’s counsel had no answer to explain the rationale for this
purported anomaly.

56 In my view, notwithstanding the submissions made on _Hui Cheng Wan_ , the
bigger obstacle to the plaintiff’s case lies in the seminal Court of Appeal
decision of _Ng Giap Hon v Westcomb Securities Pte Ltd and others_ [2009] 3
SLR(R) 518 (“ _Ng Giap Hon_ ”) (a decision which the defendant did not submit
upon). The Court of Appeal decided _not_ to endorse the doctrine of good faith
in contracts in Singapore, and dismissed the appellant’s argument for an
implied duty of good faith in the agreement between the appellant and the
respondent, _in so far as_ the appellant’s argument for an implied duty of
good faith is premised upon an implied term in law that applies to _all_
contracts:

42 The implied terms which the appellant sought to rely upon are (as just
mentioned) framed in the alternative and are to be found in para 14 of the
Statement of Claim, as follows:

[T]here was an implied duty of good faith between the [appellant] and [the
first respondent] as between agent and principal. Further or in the
alternative, it was an implied term of the [A]gency [A]greement that the
[first respondent] would not do anything to deprive the [appellant] from
earning his commission. [emphasis added; underlining in original omitted]

We shall hereafter refer to the former term (ie, that relating to the implied
duty of good faith) as "the First Implied Term", and to the latter term (ie,
that relating to the first respondent's obligation not to do anything to
deprive the appellant from earning his commission) as "the Second Implied
Term".

43 The First Implied Term is (as can be seen from the quotation in the
preceding paragraph) premised on the general doctrine of good faith and (more
importantly) appears to fall within the broader category of "terms implied in
law"…

44 It is clear, in our view, that if a term relating to good faith is to be
implied into the Agency Agreement, _that term cannot be premised on the
broader category of "terms implied in law", especially having regard (in the
context of the present appeal) to the general doctrine of good faith that
constitutes the pith and marrow of the First Implied Term_ …

…

60 … it is not surprising that the _doctrine of good faith continues… to be a
fledgling one in the Commonwealth_. Much clarification is required, even on a
theoretical level. Needless to say, u _ntil the theoretical foundations as
well as the structure of this doctrine are settled_ , it would be inadvisable
(to say the least) to even attempt to apply it in the practical sphere … In
the context of the present appeal, this is, in our view, _the strongest reason
as to why we cannot accede to the appellant's argument that this court should
endorse an implied duty of good faith in the Singapore context_. The First
Implied Term should not, therefore, be implied into the Agency Agreement.

[Emphasis added].

57 As emphasized by the Court of Appeal in _Ng Giap Hon_ , the doctrine of
good faith is a fledgling doctrine in English and Singapore contract law which
requires much clarification, even on a theoretical level. There remain
differing views as to what the doctrine meant and how it was to be applied. In
so far as the implied term that the employer will not exercise the contractual
right to terminate the employment contract in bad faith is based upon the
doctrine of good faith, the authority of _Ng Giap Hon_ poses substantial
difficulties to the plaintiff.

58 Nevertheless, the precise question of whether, **_in the sphere of
employment contracts_** , there is a **_sui generis_** contractual duty not to
terminate the employment contract in bad faith, was not placed before the
court in _Ng Giap Hon_ , neither was the authority of _Latham Scott_ placed
before the Court of Appeal for consideration. It would also not have escaped
the defendant’s counsel that the plaintiff’s basis for establishing such a
duty was intricately linked with the argument based on unfair dismissal; and
in that regard, it is pertinent that, in _Johnson v Unisys_ , Lord Hoffmann
was prepared to contemplate that the implied term that the power of dismissal
should be exercised fairly and in good faith can be developed from the
existing implied term of trust and confidence between the employer and
employee:

45 In this case, Mr Johnson says … that his psychiatric injury is a
consequence of a breach of the implied term of trust and confidence, which
required Unisys to treat _him fairly in the procedures for dismissal…_

46 … I rather doubt whether the _term of trust and confidence_ should be
pressed so far. In the way it has always been formulated, it is concerned with
preserving the continuing relationship which should subsist between employer
and employee. So it does not seem altogether appropriate for use in connection
with the way that relationship is terminated. _If one is looking for an
implied term, I think a more elegant solution is McLachlin J's implication of
a separate term that the power of dismissal will be exercised fairly and in
good faith_.

[Emphasis added]

59 The decision of _Ng Giap Hon_ would pose no difficulty, if indeed, the
_juridical basis_ of the implied term that the employer will not exercise the
contractual right to terminate the employment contract in bad faith, is
derived not from the doctrine of good faith, but from the implied term of
mutual trust and confidence between the employer and employee (as suggested by
Lord Hoffmann in _Johnson v Unisys_), restricted in its _sui generis_ form to
employment contracts only. Conclusively, in view of the decision of _Latham
Scott_ , and in particular, the Court of Appeal’s consideration of the
evidence to determine the _motivations_ behind the dismissal as well as the
Court of Appeal’s _conclusion_ that the dismissal was _not made in bad faith_
, it _could not_ be said that the law plainly and obviously does not recognise
the existence of an implied term that the employer will not exercise the
contractual right to terminate the employment contract in bad faith. The
plaintiff’s claim could not therefore be struck out on that basis.

The plaintiff’s claim, _as pleaded_ , is frivolous, vexatious and an abuse of
proceedings

60 A proceeding is said to be “vexatious” when the party bringing it is not
acting _bona fide_ , and merely wishes to annoy or embarrass his opponent, or
when it is **_not calculated to lead to any practical result_** (see _Goh Koon
Suan v Heng Gek Kiau and others_ [1990] 2 SLR(R) 705 at [15]). This definition
has been endorsed in _Afro-Asia Shipping Co (Pte) Ltd v Haridass Ho & Partners
and another_ [2003] 2 SLR(R) 491 at [22], the Court of Appeal decision of
_Riduan bin Yusof v Khng Thian Huat and another_ [2005] 2 SLR(R) 188 at [29],
and also in the decision of _Chee Siok Chin and others v Minister of Home
Affairs and another_ [2006] 1 SLR(R) 582 at 37, where the Court provided much
guidance to the definitions of “frivolous”, “vexatious” and an “abuse of
process”:

33 Proceedings are frivolous when they are deemed to waste the court's time,
and are determined to be incapable of legally sustainable and reasoned
argument. Proceedings are vexatious when they are shown to be without
foundation and/or where they cannot possibly succeed and/or where an action is
brought only for annoyance _or to gain some fanciful advantage_.

34 The instances of abuse of process can therefore be systematically
classified into four categories, viz:

(a) proceedings which involve a deception on the court, or are fictitious or
constitute a mere sham;

(b) _proceedings where the process of the court is not being fairly or
honestly used but is employed for some ulterior or improper purpose or in an
improper way_ ;

(c) _proceedings which are manifestly groundless or without foundation or
which serve no useful purpose_ ;

(d) multiple or successive proceedings which cause or are likely to cause
improper vexation or oppression.

…

Frivolous or vexatious

37 These words have been judicially interpreted to mean "obviously
unsustainable": _Attorney-General of the Duchy of Lancaster v London_ and
_North Western Railway Company_ [1892] 3 Ch 274 at 277. In _Goh Koon Suan v
Heng Gek Kiau_ [1990] 2 SLR(R) 705 at [15], Yong Pung How CJ opined that an
action would be vexatious "when the party bringing it is not acting bona fide,
and merely wishes to annoy or embarrass his _opponent, or when it is not
calculated to lead to any practical resul_ t". It has also been suggested that
"frivolous" and "vexatious" connote _purposelessness in relation to the
process_ or a lack of seriousness or truth and a lack of bona fides: see
Jeffrey Pinsler, Singapore Court Practice 2005 (LexisNexis, 2005) at para
18/19/12, p 482.

Abuse of process

38 This is the widest general ground for striking out. Needless to say, there
is, by its very definition, an inevitable overlap with the other grounds. As
Yong CJ succinctly emphasised in _Goh Koon Suan v Heng Gek Kiau_ at [15],
abuse of process characterises a proceeding which is "wanting in bona fides
and is frivolous, vexatious or oppressive". The Court of Appeal in _Gabriel
Peter & Partners v Wee Chong Jin_ ([36] supra) at [22] broadly outlined what
amounts to an abuse of process:

The term, 'abuse of the process of the Court', in O 18 r 19(1)(d), has been
given a wide interpretation by the courts. It includes considerations of
public policy and the interests of justice. This term signifies that the
process of the court must be used bona fide and properly and must not be
abused. The court will prevent the improper use of its machinery. It will
prevent the judicial process from being used as a means of vexation and
oppression in the process of litigation. The categories of conduct rendering a
claim frivolous, vexatious or an abuse of process are not closed and will
depend on all the relevant circumstances of the case. A type of conduct which
has been judicially acknowledged as an abuse of process is the bringing of an
action for a _collateral purpose_ ...

[Emphasis added].

61 In the present case, it is common ground between the parties that the
plaintiff was paid _more than_ one month’s salary in lieu of notice;
specifically the sum of S$26,993.47. The plaintiff pleaded in [15] of the
statement of claim the following:

By reason of the said unfair dismissal and/or dismissal in bad faith, the
Plaintiff has suffered loss and damage

62 According to the plaintiff’s _pleaded_ position, the _material facts_ are
unlike the case of _Johnson v Unisys_ where the employee suffered a mental
breakdown due to the unfair manner of dismissal. The plaintiff did not plead
that she had suffered injury to feelings, mental distress, and/or loss of
reputation as a result of the unfair dismissal (as was the case in _Addis v
Gramophone_) (I add here parenthetically, that this does not conclude that
even if such material facts were pleaded, that the alleged losses of such
nature were recoverable at law). Unlike the case of _Mahmud v BCCI_ , this was
not a case where the plaintiff pleaded that she had suffered loss of
employment prospects, or that she had difficulty finding alternative
employment as a result of the unfair manner of dismissal or dismissal made in
bad faith. It was also not pleaded that she suffered psychiatric injury or
psychiatric illnesses (as was pleaded in _Eastwood_ and _McCabe_). Nor did the
plaintiff plead that she had suffered loss of future earnings, or expenses
incurred in obtaining future employment, as a result of the unfair dismissal.
The plaintiff pleaded for damages to be assessed. However, the damages have to
be assessed based on the losses and damages _suffered by the plaintiff as a
result of the defendant’s breach, as discerned from the material facts
pleaded_ (and of course, evidence would be required at a subsequent stage to
prove such material facts). In the present case, taking the plaintiff’s
pleaded position as it stands, none of the material facts that related to any
of those losses were pleaded, nor was such facts alleged or submitted
throughout the proceedings before me.

63 Instead, the only _material facts_ that discern any viable loss and damage
**_suffered by the plaintiff as a result of_** the defendant’s unfair
dismissal or dismissal in bad faith, **_as pleaded_** , would be that the
unfair dismissal or dismissal in bad faith had deprived the plaintiff of the
opportunity to receive a variable bonus known as the “incentive compensation”.
This is analogous to the _Latham Scott_ situation where the employee claimed
that the dismissal in bad faith had wrongfully deprived the employee the
chance to earn his discretionary bonus. In the present case, the plaintiff
pleaded that (see Reply at [18]):

...the Plaintiff had expressed that the _manner_ in which she was being
terminated is _unfair_ , especially given her many years of contribution to
the Defendant, the manner in which she was targeted to leave, how her annual
leave balance was adjusted to reflect only up till 31 January 2011 even though
the Plaintiff’s employ had not been terminated at the point of time, and the
fact that the _ex gratia payment of S$40,000 offered in the 17 January Letter
would, in any case, have been due from the Defendant to her as part of her
incentive compensation_.

[Emphasis added]

64 The plaintiff considered that the defendant’s offer of _ex gratia_ payment
of S$40,000 would have, in any case, been due from the defendant to her as
part of her incentive compensation. When the defendant queried what was the
basis upon which the plaintiff allege that she is entitled to the incentive
compensation, the plaintiff pleaded that she has been receiving the incentive
compensation for the past 10 years, and that s _he would have received it if
her employment had not been terminated_ (see Further and Better Particulars
dated 29 April 2011 at answer number 3):

...[The Plaintiff] has been receiving incentive compensation for the past 10
years in or about February of each year and [she] was of the view that she
would have been given such incentive compensation in or about February 2011
_if her employment with the Defendant had not been terminated_

[Emphasis added].

65 In other words, according to the plaintiff, the unfair dismissal and/or
dismissal in bad faith had deprived the plaintiff of the opportunity to earn
the incentive compensation (which she would have allegedly received if not for
the termination). In the hearing before me, the plaintiff’s counsel also
submitted, in the same vein, that the plaintiff would have received the
incentive compensation but for the defendant’s unfair termination of
employment. However, the plaintiff made two material admissions which have
severe consequences on their claim. The plaintiff pleaded the following (see
Further and Better Particulars dated 29 April 2011 at answer number 1):

The Plaintiff **_did not claim that it was her right_** to receive the
incentive compensation **_or that her right to the incentive compensation
arises out of any contractual obligation on the part of the Defendant_**. [The
Plaintiff] has said...that the _ex gratia_ payment of S$40,000 offered in 17
January Letter would have included the incentive compensation due from the
Defendant to her. [Emphasis added in bold italics].

66 The plaintiff admitted that she has no right to receive the incentive
compensation, and that the defendant has no contractual obligation to pay the
incentive compensation to the plaintiff. At this juncture, it is apposite to
set out several settled principles relating to the award of damages in a
breach of an employment contract. The Court of Appeal in _Latham Scott_ held
(at [56]):

The general principle is that damages for breach of contract are awarded as a
compensation to the plaintiff for the damage, loss or injury he has suffered
through that breach. He is to be placed in the same position as it the
contract had been performed.

67 It has been elegantly opined in Selwyn’s Law of Employment (16th ed, Oxford
University Press 2011) at para [16.21]) that:

The general principle in contract law (and it must be remembered that
employment law is basically concerned with a _contract_ of employment) is that
the purpose of damages is to put the innocent party in the position in which
he would have been had the _contractual obligations_ been performed, insofar
as it is possible to do this by a monetary award.

[Emphasis added].

68 In the present case, and as explained above in [63] – [65], based on the
plaintiff’s **_pleaded case_** , the only material facts that discern any
viable loss and damage that she would have suffered from the unfair dismissal
and/or dismissal in bad faith was the deprivation of her opportunity to earn
the incentive compensation. Yet in the very same breath, found in the same set
of pleadings, the plaintiff conceded that there is no contractual entitlement
to the incentive compensation. In effect, the payment of incentive
compensation would be in the defendant’s absolute goodwill and discretion. As
such, taking the plaintiff’s pleaded case at its highest (that is, assuming
_arguendo_ that her claim in unfair manner of dismissal, and dismissal in bad
faith is successful), the defendant’s unfair dismissal and dismissal in bad
faith **_had not deprived the plaintiff of anything that she was contractually
entitled to_**. In view of the material admissions, _even if the plaintiff had
continued to be employed by the defendant_ ; and on the other hand, even if
the defendant had terminated the contract of employment in good faith, or if
the defendant had performed a fair manner of dismissing the plaintiff’s
employment, the plaintiff **_would still not be contractually entitled to the
incentive compensation_** , much less when her employment was terminated in
accordance with the express terms of the contract, with payment of more than
one month’s salary in lieu of notice. (I add here parenthetically, that it
also does not lie in the plaintiff’s mouth to claim that she is entitled to
the _ex gratia_ payments of S$40,000 and S$75,000, as it is beyond doubted
that she had rejected these two offers from the defendant, as admitted in her
pleadings.)

69 The present situation is analogous to that in _Latham Scott_ , where the
employee (“Latham”) claimed that he was wrongfully dismissed and that the
employer had owed him a guaranteed bonus of almost US$2m. Latham also claimed
that the dismissal made in bad faith had deprived him of the opportunity to
earn the bonus. The Court of Appeal considered whether Latham would have been
entitled to a discretionary bonus if he had not been dismissed from the
company. The relevant clause of Latham's employment contract stated that "a
bonus may be paid to you at the end of each calendar year, based on Company
profitability and your performance during the year". The Court of Appeal
observed that the bonus payment was entirely discretionary. Even if Latham had
continued to be employed at the company, he would not have had a legal right
to claim a bonus from the company (at [71]-[72]):

71 In our view, it would be wrong to allow an employee in Latham's position to
lay claim to a discretionary bonus on a proper construction of his employment
contract when his services were terminated even before his bonus was properly
declared. In both _Walz v Barings Services Ltd_ , a preliminary hearing before
the English Industrial Tribunal, and _Bajor v Citibank International plc_
(Queen's Bench Division, 19 February 1998, unreported), the plaintiffs were
employed in an industry in which the employees operated within a 'bonus
culture' in which bonuses were very commonly and even invariably paid.
However, both plaintiffs were held not to be entitled to claim the bonus as a
matter of contractual obligation after being dismissed, even if they were
wrongfully dismissed as in the case of _Bajor v Citibank International plc_.
In _Walz v Barings Services Ltd_ , this was so even though the bonus had
already been announced by the respondents. It was held there that, as the
bonus was totally discretionary, there was simply no obligation to pay.
Announcing it did not convert the payment of the bonus into a contractual
obligation.

72 Latham's situation was akin to the plaintiffs in these two cases. Unless
the bonus had been expressed to be guaranteed, an employee in Latham's
position could not claim to be legally entitled to a bonus, the granting and
quantum of which are entirely at the discretion of the employer. While he
might have hoped for a bonus if he had indeed remained in the employ of CSFB,
the fact remained that, even then, he would not have been able to claim to be
entitled to a bonus as of right as it was entirely at the discretion of CSFB.

70 As the payment of bonus was found to be entirely within the employer’s
discretion in _Latham Scott_ , the “incentive compensation” in the present
case would _a fortiori_ be found to be within the defendant’s absolute
discretion. There is nothing in the plaintiff’s employment contract that
guarantees the incentive compensation. Furthermore, the clause in Latham’s
employment contract tagged the payment of bonus to the employee’s performance
as well as the employer’s profitability for that given year, and yet the Court
of Appeal still found the payment of bonus to be entirely within the
employer’s discretion. In the present case, given that clause 3 of the
plaintiff’s letter of appointment merely states “you _may_ be paid a
_discretionary_ variable bonus equivalent to one month’s gross salary, and
proportionately in respect of any incomplete year of service”, where the
payment of bonus is expressed to be discretionary, and where it is not tagged
to the performance of the employee or the employer’s profitability (unlike the
situation in _Latham Scott_), it must be all the more so that the payment of
incentive compensation is in the employer’s absolute discretion.

71 Notwithstanding the reference to the decision of _Latham Scott_ above, the
present situation is unlike that in _Latham Scott_ where the Court has to
determine whether the payment of bonus was discretionary. There was no such
need in the present case, as the plaintiff had effectively **_conceded_** (see
[65] \- [66] above) that there is no contractual basis for the payment of the
incentive compensation, and that the payment of such is entirely within the
defendant’s discretion. In this regard, the plaintiff’s admissions have
rendered the claim inescapably and fundamentally flawed. The claim is, in
essence, a “ _non-claim_ ”, _in so far as_ she has admitted that the
defendant’s breach did not deprive her of anything that she was contractually
entitled to. Given that the plaintiff is **_already placed in the position she
would have been in if the termination had not been made in bad faith or made
unfairly_** (with the payment to the plaintiff of more than one month’s salary
in lieu of notice, and with the plaintiff’s material concession that, even if
the contract of employment was not terminated, she would not in any case be
contractually entitled to the incentive compensation (see [65], [68] above)),
the continuance of the plaintiff’s claim in trial would therefore achieve
**_no practical or useful purpose other than to advance the plaintiff’s
collateral interests_** in pursuing against the defendant to pay her more than
what she was contractually entitled to under her employment contract. For the
reasons above, the claim is struck out as it is frivolous, vexatious and an
abuse of proceedings.

Conclusion

72 The plaintiff’s claim is struck out with costs. I will hear parties’
submissions on costs at a later date.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 04 Jul 2011 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

