Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Main-Line Corporate Holdings Ltd _v_ United Overseas Bank Ltd and another
(First Currency Choice Pte Ltd, third party)  
[2011] SGHC 268

Case Number| :| Suit No 806 of 2004, Summons No 3805 & 3876 of 2010 and 978 &
1232 of 2011  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 20 December 2011  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Yeong Zee Kin SAR  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Wong Siew Hong (Infinitus Law Corporation) for the
plaintiff; Kannan Ramesh with Ms Cheryl Koh (M/s Tan Kok Quan Partnership) for
the first defendant; Koh Chia Ling with Ms Oh Pin Ping (M/s ATMD Bird & Bird
LLP) for the second defendant / third party.  
Parties| :|  Main-Line Corporate Holdings Ltd — United Overseas Bank Ltd and
another (First Currency Choice Pte Ltd, third party)  
  
20 December 2011| Judgment reserved.  
---|---  
  
Yeong Zee Kin, Senior Assistant Registrar:

1 The plaintiff is Main-Line Corporate Holdings Limited (Main-Line) who is the
registered proprietor of Singapore Patent No 86037, entitled “Dynamic Currency
Conversion for Card Payment Systems”. This patent covers the method and system
for automatic detection of the country of issue of a credit card, charge card
or debit card (hereinafter referred to collectively as “credit card”),
converting the value of a credit card transaction from the currency of the
country where the point of sale (POS) system is located (the “local currency”)
to the currency of the credit card’s country of issue (the “home currency”)
and presenting both values at the POS to the card holder for his selection of
the currency in which he wishes to make payment for the transaction.

2 The first defendant, United Overseas Bank Limited (UOB) is a major local
bank which provided a system similar to Main-Line’s system to merchants in its
credit card network. The system provided by UOB was obtained from the second
defendant, First Currency Choice Pte Ltd (FCC), which was in the business of
providing similar dynamic currency conversion payment services.

Procedural history

3 Since its commencement in 2004, this case has generated a string of
decisions as it meandered through the court system. The decisions marked
significant steps in the procedural history of this case and a summary of
these decisions is necessary to provide the factual backdrop for the current
set of interlocutory applications.

4 _Main-Line Corporate Holdings Ltd v United Overseas Bank Ltd and another
(First Currency Choice Pte Ltd, third party)_ [2007] 1 SLR(R) 1021; [2006]
SGHC 233 is the decision of Tay Yong Kwang J after the trial on liability. The
defendants’ challenge to the validity of the Main-Line’s software patent
failed. UOB was found to have infringed Main-Line’s software patent when it
used the dynamic currency conversion system provided by FCC and offered FCC’s
system to the merchants in its credit card network. FCC was found liable for
using its infringing system and offering it to UOB. Having found liability,
Tay J ordered that an assessment of damages or an account of profit should be
conducted after Main-Line has made its election on which of these remedies it
wished to pursue against the defendants. On appeal, the Court of Appeal upheld
Tay J’s decision: _First Currency Choice Pte Ltd v Main-Line Corporate
Holdings Ltd and another appeal_ [2008] 1 SLR(R) 335; [2007] SGCA 50.

5 Having succeeded in establishing liability, Main-Line sought discovery of
documents from the defendants in order to make its election: _Main-Line
Corporate Holdings Ltd v United Overseas Bank Ltd and Another_ [2008] SGHC 55.
After reviewing the documents disclosed, Main-Line elected different remedies
against each of the defendants: against UOB, it elected to proceed for an
account of profits, while it elected for an assessment of damages against FCC.
The defendants challenged Main-Line’s election of different remedies against
each defendant. This challenge failed. Belinda Ang J held that the remedies
which Main-Line was entitled to were cumulative as each of the defendants were
liable for different acts of infringement: _Main-Line Corporate Holdings Ltd v
United Overseas Bank Ltd and another (First Currency Choice Pte Ltd, third
party)_ [2010] 1 SLR 189; [2009] SGHC 232. On appeal, the Court of Appeal
upheld Belinda Ang J’s decision.

6 Main-Line then proceeded with an application for interim payment against
UOB. An order for interim payment into court was made by the assistant
registrar. This order was set aside on appeal on the basis that it was not
clear that the quantum sought for interim payment was an amount below which an
account of profit would not go: _Main-Line Corporate Holdings Ltd v United
Overseas Bank Ltd and Another_ [2009] SGHC 212. On further appeal to the Court
of Appeal, Chao Hick Tin JA felt that it would unduly prejudice Main-Line if
interim payment was not ordered solely because UOB was not able to ascertain
its costs incurred in earning its commission. UOB had disclosed that it earned
commissions amounting to $3.1 million. Although it did not keep track of the
actual costs incurred in earning this commission, it was able to provide an
estimate of the profits at $1.9 million using income/expense ratios during the
discovery application in order to enable Main-Line to make its election. Chao
JA felt that the burden laid with UOB to offer an alternative basis of
determining the quantum for interim payment if it did not agree with the use
of the income/expense ratios. Since it was not able to do so, interim payment
of $1.9 million was ordered to be paid to Main-Line: _Main-Line Corporate
Holdings Ltd v United Overseas Bank Ltd_ [2010] 2 SLR 986; [2010] SGCA 9.

7 During the course of 2009 and 2010, Main-Line and the defendants commenced
discovery for the post-liability stage of the proceedings. Multiple discovery
and interrogatory applications were fought. However, as the pleadings filed by
parties for the trial on liability contained scant particulars in relation to
the post-liability stage of the proceedings – there were simply bare claims
for assessment of damages or an account of profits, and equally bald denials –
parties had difficulties ascertaining the scope of discovery and
interrogatories. This no doubt contributed to the multiple attempts by Main-
Line for further discovery and interrogatories. Eventually, parties were
directed to file pleadings for this post-liability stage of the proceedings in
order to ascertain each party’s position in relation to the remedies sought.

8 Parties’ positions crystallised sufficiently after pleadings for the post-
liability stage of the proceedings had been filed. Thereafter, the following
applications were filed:

(a) Summons No 978 of 2011 is FCC’s application to strike out certain
paragraphs of Main-Line’s statement of case against FCC;

(b) Summons No 1232 of 2011 is UOB’s application to strike out certain
paragraphs of Main-Line’s statement of case against UOB;

(c) Summons No 1679 of 2011 is Main-Line’s application for further and better
particulars on certain paragraphs of FCC’s statement of defence; and

(d) Summons No 1680 of 2011 is Main-Line’s application for further and better
particulars on certain paragraphs of UOB’s statement of defence.

9 Before me, submissions also encompassed two earlier applications which had
been filed before pleadings for this post-liability stage of the proceedings
had been ordered:

(a) Summons No 3805 of 2010, which was UOB’s application for determination of
preliminary issue of what amounts to “profits”; and

(b) Summons No 3879 of 2010, which was Mainline’s application under Order 43
of the Rules of Court for an account to be drawn up by UOB.

10 In the course of arguments, it was agreed that the applications in Summons
No 1679 and 1680 of 2011 for further and better particulars be deferred until
after the more fundamental issues (as against UOB) of what is accountable as
profits is resolved and (as against FCC) the heads of damages.

Issues arising from the account of profits against UOB

11 In this part of these grounds, I deal with issues that relate to the
account of profits claimed against UOB.

The flow of funds in cross-border multi-currency credit card transactions

12 The workings of the software patent that is central in this matter has been
detailed in prior decisions. The flow of funds in a cross-border multi-
currency credit card transaction, however, has to be understood in order to
proceed with an account of any profits derived from the infringing acts. There
is no dispute between parties about how a cross-border multi-currency credit
card transaction is carried out, although different labels and
characterisation of the economic effects of the flow of funds were employed by
parties. It is therefore possible to provide a summary of a typical cross-
border multi-currency credit card transaction as follows. First, the following
roles are typically involved:

(a) The local merchant;

(b) The acquiring bank (in our case, UOB);

(c) The card scheme (without going into details, this is the umbrella global
organisation that, _inter alia_ , assists in the settlement of cross-border
multi-currency credit card transactions);

(e) The issuing bank; and

(f) The foreign credit card holder.

13 In order to understand how funds flow, we must start first with a
traditional cross-border credit card transaction. The foreign credit card
holder presents his credit card to the local merchant. The transaction details
are in Singapore currency. Once approved, this transaction is submitted by the
local merchant to the acquiring bank, eg UOB. The acquiring bank will settle
with the local merchant by paying it an amount that is calculated by deducting
the Merchant Discount Rate (MDR) of 1.2% from the transaction amount. This is
settled in Singapore currency.

14 The acquiring bank than submits the full transaction value to the card
scheme. The card scheme will settle the transaction with the issuing bank in
the home currency of the foreign credit card. In this settlement, a 3% Uplift
is applied to the transaction value in the home currency of the foreign credit
card. This is the amount that the foreign card holder will have to pay to the
issuing bank after he reaches home.

15 With the acquiring bank (eg UOB), the card scheme will settle in Singapore
currency. The acquiring bank will be paid an amount that is calculated by
deducting the Interchange Reimbursement Rate (IRF) of 0.8% from the
transaction amount. As can be seen, all settlements in Singapore are in the
local currency, and the acquiring bank (eg UOB) earns 0.4% from the
transaction, being the difference between the IRF and MDR.

How the FCC system works in cross-border multi-currency credit card
transactions

16 The FCC system introduces another party to the mix. Hence, for the FCC
system, the following roles are involved:

The local merchant;

(b) UOB, as acquiring bank;

(c) FCC;

(d) The card scheme;

The issuing bank; and

The foreign credit card holder.

17 When the foreign credit card holder presents his credit card in order to
make payment, the POS system at the local merchant will offer him a choice of
paying in either the local (ie Singapore) currency or in his home currency. In
automatically detecting the home currency based on the credit card presented
at the POS sytem, and presenting the transaction value in both local and home
currencies, the FCC system was found to have infringed Mainline’s software
patent. If the foreign card holder chooses to make payment in the local
currency, the transaction will proceed in the usual manner (as described in
the preceding paragraphs).

18 If the foreign credit card holder chooses to make payment in the home
currency of the foreign credit card (we will refer to this as “a converted
transaction”), the following takes place. The transaction is denominated in
the home currency of the foreign credit card when it is submitted to UOB. The
Uplift of 3% to the transaction value is applied and the uplifted amount in
the home currency of the foreign credit card is presented to the foreign
credit card holder at the POS system.

19 UOB will submit this uplifted amount, again in the home currency of the
foreign credit card, to both the card scheme and FCC. FCC will convert the
original transaction amount (ie less the Uplift) into the local (ie Singapore)
currency and deduct the MDR of 1.2%, and it will then inform UOB what this
value is in local (ie Singapore) currency. UOB will pay this amount to the
merchant in local (ie Singapore) currency.

20 The card scheme will settle with UOB by paying it the uplifted amount, less
IRF of 0.8% calculated based on the uplifted amount. This is settled in the
home currency of the foreign credit card. UOB then tops up the IRF and pays
the uplifted transaction value to FCC in the home currency of the foreign
credit card. In return, FCC converts the original transaction value into local
(ie Singapore) currency and pays this to UOB.

21 Hence, UOB continues to earn its 0.4% (being the difference between the MDR
and IRF), albeit that it would have topped up the IRF in a home currency of
the foreign credit card. Apart from this, UOB also earns a commission of about
0.45–0.65% in accordance with the scale of commission set out in the
Multicurrency Exchange Agreement between UOB and FCC.

22 In summary, the FCC system essentially converts a credit card transaction
made in Singapore into one made in the home currency of the foreign credit
card. In doing so, the Uplift in a converted transaction is effectively
shifted to Singapore and earned by FCC, instead of the usual case where the
Uplift is earned in the home country of the foreign credit card by the issuing
bank. Further, the FCC system also shifts the foreign exchange risks to FCC.
FCC earns the Uplift and in return, UOB earns a commission. UOB continues to
keep its traditional share of the difference between the MDR and IRF.

What is accountable as profits?

23 Mainline seeks for an account of profits against UOB. From a survey of the
cases placed before me, it appears to me that the approach of the courts in
taking an account of profits is abundantly clear. In an account of profits,
the courts are concerned with the profits actually made by the infringer which
is derived from the infringement. The premise of this remedy is the
disgorgement of benefits which the infringer ought not retain: see _Dart
Industries Inc v Decor Corp Pty Ltd and Another_ 116 ALR 385, at p 387 –

An account of profits was a form of relief granted by equity whereas damages
were originally a purely common law remedy. ... [E]ven now, an account of
profits retains its equitable characteristics in that a defendant is made to
account for, and is then stripped of, profits which it has dishonestly made by
the infringement and which it would be unconscionable for it to retain. An
account of profits is confined to profits actually made, its purpose being not
to punish the defendant but to prevent its unjust enrichment.

24 Hence, “the maximum payment which can be ordered is the total profit made
by the defendant”: _per_ Laddie J in _Celanese International Corp v BP
Chemicals Ltd_ [1999] RPC 203, at [36]. It has also been observed (albeit in
the context of a contractual right to an account of profits) that an order for
an account of profits will not be made where it appears that no profits have
been made: _Friss & Anor v Casetech Trading Pte Ltd & Ors_ [2000] 2 SLR(R)
511, at [39].

25 The amount accountable as profits may be reduced in two ways. First,
deductions of costs and expenses (ie outgoings) from receipts (or revenue) are
allowed in arriving at the quantum accountable as profits. This approach was
adopted by the Court of Appeal in its decision on interim payment where it
took into account the apportioned indirect costs (in the form of
income/expense ratios) in arriving at its decision of the quantum of interim
payment to be made: see _Main-Line Corporate Holdings Ltd v United Overseas
Bank Ltd_ [2010] 2 SLR 986; [2010] SGCA 9, at [22] –

… it could not be disputed that revenue, in the form of commissions, was
earned by UOB from the operation of the FCC System. The uncertainty related to
the expenses which ought to be deducted from that revenue for the purposes of
ascertaining the net profit made by UOB. …

26 Outgoings may take the form of direct costs and expenses or they may take
the form of indirect costs and expenses (eg overheads). For indirect costs and
expenses, the court will have to determine which of such items are
attributable to the infringing acts and the proportion which ought to be
allowed: see _Dart Industries Inc v Decor Corporation Pty Ltd and Another_.
For example, in the Court of Appeal’s decision in this case on interim
payment, it took into account attributable indirect costs and expenses in the
form of income/expense ratios provided by UOB: see _Main-Line Corporate
Holdings Ltd v United Overseas Bank Ltd_ [2010] 2 SLR 986; [2010] SGCA 9, at
[24] & [26].

27 The second way in which the quantum accountable as profits may be reduced
is by an apportionment of profits. Where profits are generated by a chain of
activities and the infringing acts occupy a part this chain, the patent owner
is not entitled to the entire profits but only to a portion of the profits
attributable to the infringement. “Hence, once it is conceded or proved that
an apportionment is appropriate, the course [_sic_] must do its best to split
the profits between infringing and non-infringing parts”: _per_ Laddie J in
_Celanese International Corp v BP Chemicals Ltd_ [1999] RPC 203, at [48].

28 The question that arises then is what are the receipts and outgoings in the
FCC system. In order to answer this question, I found it useful to look at the
flow of funds from the perspective of UOB, the party from whom an account is
required. For a converted transaction, the receipts would be as the following:

(a) From the card scheme, the uplifted value less IRF in the home currency of
the foreign credit card;

(b) From FCC,

(i) The transaction value in the local (ie Singapore) currency; and

(ii) The commission of in accordance to the Multicurrency Exchange Agreement.

29 The outgoings would be the following:

(a) To the merchant, the transaction value less MDR in the local (ie
Singapore) currency;

(b) To FCC, the uplifted amount in the home currency of the foreign credit
card;

(c) Direct costs and expenses which UOB incurred in using the FCC system; and

(d) Indirect costs and expenses.

30 It is therefore possible for me to deal with the related summonses in
Summons 3805 and 3876 of 2010, and Summons 1232 of 2011 together. Summons 3805
of 2010 was filed before pleadings were ordered and it sought to determine the
preliminary issue of the scope of profits which is accountable. After
pleadings were filed, Summons 1232 of 2011 was filed which basically re-cast
the same issues in the framework of a striking out application. Summons 3876
of 2010 is an application seeking directions for the drawing up of a set of
accounts from which the quantum accountable as profits may be determined.

31 During submissions, it was argued by UOB that the only accountable profit
was the commission. Attempts were made to show that the rest of the flow of
funds was accounted for. As noted in the summary of how the FCC system works,
the flow of funds took place in different currencies, unlike a typical cross-
border transaction which did not make use of the FCC system (which I shall
refer to as an unconverted transaction). In an unconverted transaction, the
receipts and outgoings were all settled in the local (ie Singapore) currency.
This made it possible to net off matching receipts and outgoing flows of
funds.

32 For converted transactions, I do not think that this is possible for
various reasons. First, receipts and outgoings were made in different
currencies. Second, receipts and outgoings took place on different days. To my
mind, I do not think that it is possible to ignore the daily fluctuations of
exchange rates, especially given the potentially large amounts involved. No
expert evidence had been proffered at this stage to provide a basis to support
the argument that it is acceptable accounting practice to net off matching
receipts and outgoings _notwithstanding that they are in different currencies
and they take place at different times_. However, I would not at this point
make any firm determination that netting off of matching receipts and
outgoings cannot be made in this case. If UOB is able to provide a method of
netting off matching receipts and outgoings, taking into account the
differences in time, currencies and foreign currency exchange rates, and which
accords with acceptable accounting practice, I am prepared to entertain
submissions. This can be dealt with when they draw up the accounts.

33 I turn now to the specifics of the striking out application. There were
three main heads of claim for accounting that UOB applied to strike out: (a)
Uplift, (b) variance and (c) MDR from new and retained merchants attributable
to the FCC system. For the Uplift, I think that the position is clear based on
the reasons set out in the preceding paragraphs. The portions of the statement
of case are to stand as the Uplift is accountable as part of the receipts.

34 There was also a claim for variance which is one of the subject matter of
the striking out application. UOB had proffered the explanation that this head
of claim probably arose from Mainline’s mis-reading of certain passages in
affidavits filed by UOB. After clarification of the facts, Mainline had, in
oral arguments, all but abandoned this head of claim for accounting. Hence, I
ordered that this head of claim for accounting be struck off.

35 Finally, Mainline had also made a claim for profits arising from MDR earned
from new merchants and existing merchants who were retained by virtue of the
multicurrency exchange facility provided through the FCC system. This head of
claim should be allowed to stand. However, the ambit is restricted to an
accounting of the profits which are derived from infringement. In other words,
MDR that were earned from unconverted transactions cannot be claimed. Further,
the mere offer of the FCC system for use would not, to my mind, result in any
profits. Even if new merchants were recruited or existing merchants retained,
no profits, _which are accountable by reason of infringement_ , will arise
until the merchant uses the FCC system. Offering for use may be an infringing
activity giving rise to damages, but we are now concerned with ascertaining
what profits were derived from the activity. The position may be different had
damages been sought from UOB. Be that as it may, this head of claim is allowed
to stand as it falls within the scope of accounting that has been ordered.

36 I now turn to summons 3876 of 2010. This is Mainline’s application for an
account to be drawn up by UOB. The overall scope of the account must fall
within the scope of liability established in Tay Yong Kwang J’s judgment on
liability as upheld in the Court of Appeal. Hence, only converted transactions
will come within the scope of the accounts to be drawn up by UOB. The time
period is from the date on which UOB had knowledge of the infringement until
the date when UOB stopped using the FCC system. The ambit of receipts and
outgoings which should be drawn up have been set out in paragraphs 28 and 29
above, subject to confirmation as to whether it is acceptable accounting
practice to net off matching receipts and outgoings which take place in
different currencies.

37 Lastly, an issue was raised as to whether the accountable profits may be
apportioned. The argument was that since only a certain part of FCC’s system
is infringing, not all profits from converted transactions are accountable.
Hence, counsel for defendants wished to reserve the right to make submissions
on this point at the accounting of profits hearing. I had noted that
apportionment is one of two ways in which the quantum accountable as profits
may be reduced. As the issue of apportionment was not fully argued before me,
this reservation was duly noted. At the accounting of profits hearing,
submissions may be made on whether there can be apportionment and, if
possible, the appropriate basis for apportionment.

38 UOB was directed to lodge its account once it has been drawn up in
accordance to the order made above; and the account has to be duly verified by
affidavit. Mainline and FCC will thereafter file notices of objections to
specific items in the accounts or omissions from the accounts. These will be
duly supported by affidavits. Thereafter, further directions will be given for
the accounting of profits hearing.

Infringing use outside jurisdiction

39 In this final part, I deal with issues relating to the claim for damages
against FCC.

40 Mainline’s claim against FCC is for damages arising from the infringement,
and not for an account of profits. FCC had applied to strike out Mainline’s
claim for infringing use of the FCC system outside Singapore. After
considering further submissions, I allowed the application and ordered that
this head of damage be struck out.

41 Mainline’s attempt to expand the scope of the judgment on liability is
mischievous. I adopt fully the submissions made by counsel for defendants. In
essence, the ambit of damages to be assessed in this post-liability stage of
the proceedings is determined by the scope of infringement determined during
the trial on liability. The trial judge cannot at law give judgment for
matters not pleaded. Claims for infringing use outside jurisdiction, in
particular by a bank in Thailand, is nowhere to be found in Mainline’s
pleadings for the trial on liability. Neither the issue of use by foreign
banks nor the offer for use by FCC to foreign banks was raised at the trial on
liability. Based on the evidence adduced at the trial, liability (as against
FCC) that was established is limited to the use by FCC and offer for use by
FCC to UOB.

42 There is also the doctrine of merger under which FCC’s cause of action has
merged with the judgment on liability. At this post-liability stage of the
proceedings, I cannot exceed the four corners of the order on liability made
by the trial court. Hence, I ordered that this head of damage be struck out.

Aggravated or exemplary damages

43 Finally, FCC also applied to strike out the head of claim for aggravated or
exemplary damages. For the purpose of deciding this interlocutory application,
I do not think that I need to recite in detail the arguments put forth by both
sides. I summarise the gist of the arguments that each side has put forward.

44 Mainline’s claim for aggravated or exemplary damages – as pleaded in its
Statement of Case against FCC – is based on the nature, gravity, mode and
extent of FCC’s infringing conduct. The strongest basis for Mainline’s claim,
as I see it, appears to be based on a passage from _Terrell on the Law of
Patents_ (17th Edition), where it was noted, at 19–58, that:

… [I]t has been held that a claim for exemplary damages is not available to a
claimant. However this decision may no longer be good law having regard to the
subsequent decision of the House of Lords in _Kuddas v Chief Constable of
Leicsetershire_ [2002] 2 AC 122 (overruling _AB v South West Water Services_
[1993] QB 507). Thus exemplary damages may be available in a patent
infringement action where the case falls within one of the three categories
referred to by Lord Devlin in _Rookes v Barnard_ , namely: (1) Oppressive,
arbitrary or unconstitutional actions by the servants of government, (2)
_Where the defendant’s conduct has been calculated by him to make a profit for
himself which may well exceed the compensation payable to the plaintiff_ , or
(3) Where a statute expressly authorises the same. [Emphasis mine.]

45 Mainline had sought an account of profits from UOB and damages from UOB.
From the preceding account of how the FCC system works, it is evident that the
larger share of the profits may well reside with FCC, and not UOB. Hence, the
quantum of damages which Mainline may eventually recover may not be as
significant as it had originally envisaged, when it made the election of
remedies. It is therefore not inconceivable that Mainline is now seeking to
make out the argument that falls within the second category identified in
_Terrell_.

46 FCC, argues against this on the basis of _Catnic Components Ltd v Hill &
Smith Ltd (No 2)_ [1983] FSR 512, which is the same case cited by the authors
of _Terrell_ to have held that claims for exemplary damages were not available
to claimants in patent actions. FCC argues that since _Catnic_ was decided
after the 1964 case of _Rookes v Barnard_ – on which the authors of _Terrell_
depend for their classification of when exemplary damages may be awarded –
exemplary damages are not available for patent infringement. Further, FCC
argues that there is no room for a common law right to exemplary damages under
the Patent Act.

47 The authors of _Terrell_ considered both _Catnic_ and _Kuddus_ in the
passage cited above. Without expressing any views on this issue, I am not
convinced that Mainline’s claim for aggravated or exemplary should be struck
out at this stage. On balance, I see this to be a legal issue which ought
properly to be ruled on at the accounting of profits hearing, after the
relevant facts have been established and full arguments on the law. Therefore,
I did not think that this head of damage should be struck out and accordingly,
I dismissed this prayer.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 20 Dec 2011 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

