Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Biplob Hossain Younus Akan and others _v_ Public Prosecutor and another
matter  
[2011] SGHC 34

Case Number| :| Magistrate's Appeal Nos 333, 334, 335 and 336 of 2010;
Criminal Motion No 49 of 2010  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 17 February 2011  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  V K Rajah JA  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Appellants in person; Kan Shuk Weng (Attorney-General's
Chambers) for the respondent.  
Parties| :|  Biplob Hossain Younus Akan and others — Public Prosecutor  
  
17 February 2011|  
---|---  
  
V K Rajah JA:

Introduction

1 These grounds of decision arise from four appeals which were consolidated
for hearing. The four appellants are Bangladeshi nationals. In the district
court, each of them faced two related charges. The first charge was under s
128I(_b_) of the Customs Act (Cap 70, 2004 Rev Ed) (“Customs Act”), read with
s 34 of the Penal Code (Cap 224, 2008 Rev Ed) (“Penal Code”) and punishable
under s 128L(4) of the Customs Act. The second charge was under the ss 26 and
77 of the Goods and Services Tax Act (Cap 117A, 2005 Rev Ed) (“Goods and
Services Tax Act”), read with the relevant subsidiary legislation. Both
charges related to one incident of retrieving and packing cigarettes which
were uncustomed.

2 The prosecution in the district court was conducted by a senior
superintendent of Singapore Customs. The appellants pleaded guilty to the
Customs Act charge on the basis of the following joint statement of facts
prepared by an officer from the Special Investigations Branch of Singapore
Customs. It reads in full as follows:

The accused are B1) Md Bodiuzzaman Palash Md Saydul Huge [sic], male
Bangladeshi, aged 26yrs, Fin No: [XXX], DOB: 07/06/1984,

B2) Mohammad Azizur Rahaman Kalu Matubbor, male Bangladeshi, aged 24yrs, Fin
No: [XXX] DOB: 10/02/1986,

B3) Goutam Halder Late Janardhan Halder, male Bangladeshi, aged 2lyrs, Fin No:
[XXX], DOB: 15/03/1989,

B4) Biplob Hossain Younus Akan, male Bangladeshi, aged 35yrs, Fin No: [XXX],
02/04/1975.

2 On 6 August 2010 at about 9.20pm, the accused B1, B2, B3 and B4 were
arrested at the vicinity of No. 8 Defu Lane 1, Singapore, for being concerned
in dealing with uncustomed goods (cigarettes) with common intention.

**Facts pertaining to the 1st charge**

3 On 6 August 2010 from 6.00pm onwards, customs officers kept observation at
the vicinity of No. 8 Defu Lane 1, Singapore to look out for contraband
cigarettes smuggling activities.

4 On 6 August 2010 at about 9.20pm, officers sighted the accused B1, B2, B3
and B4 inside the unit of No. 8 Defu Lane 1. The accused persons were seen to
be retrieving cartons of cigarettes hidden inside a pallet of rubber sheets,
which was placed inside the unit. There were also another 5 pallets of rubber
sheets placed outside the unit. Suspecting that the cigarettes which the four
accused were retrieving from the pallet of rubber sheets inside the unit to be
duty unpaid cigarettes, officers entered the unit and declared office. During
the check in the presence of the accused, a total of 3549 cartons x 200 sticks
of Texas 5 brand duty unpaid cigarettes were found in two pallets of rubber
sheets outside the unit, 1 pallet of rubber sheet inside the unit, and inside
packed boxes inside the unit. All the accused were placed under arrest. The
cigarettes and 6 pallets of rubber sheet were seized.

5 Investigations revealed that all the accused would be paid $30 - $40 by a
male Chinese named Tang Mui Teck (Dealt with separately) to retrieve and pack
the cigarettes into boxes from the 6 pallets of rubber sheets.

6 **_The accused were aware that the excise duty had not been paid on all the
seized cigarettes_**.

7 The excise duty leviable on the cigarettes weighing a total of 709.8kg in
the 1st charge is **_$249,849.60_**.

[emphasis in bold and underline in original, emphasis added in bold italics]

The district judge recorded their pleas and convicted them accordingly. The
charge under the Goods and Services Tax Act was taken into consideration for
the purposes of sentencing. After considering their pleas of mitigation, the
district judge sentenced each of the appellants to 24 months’ imprisonment:
see his grounds of decision in _Public Prosecutor v Biplob Hossain Younus Akan
and ors_ [2010] SGDC 396.

The course of the appeal

3 The case initially came before me as only appeals against sentence by the
four appellants. However, when I first reviewed the appellants’ joint
statement of facts (set out above) for the purpose of the appeals against
sentence, I was concerned that there appeared to be nothing in it to show that
the appellants had the requisite _mens rea_ at the material time for the
Customs Act charge to which they had pleaded guilty. During the appeal, I was
further troubled to hear the appellants claim, rather animatedly, that they
were unaware that they were dealing with uncustomed cigarettes at the time of
the offence. This undoubtedly qualified their pleas of guilt. I conveyed to
the deputy public prosecutor, Ms Kan Shuk Weng (“Ms Kan”), my concerns about
the sufficiency of the statement of facts. For good measure, I also directed
Ms Kan to produce evidence showing how the appellants came to know that they
were dealing with uncustomed cigarettes. As pointed out in _Yunani bin Abdul
Hamid v Public Prosecutor_ [2008] 3 SLR(R) 383 (“ _Yunani”_) at [56], if the
evidence before a reviewing court raised serious doubts as to the guilt of an
accused person who had pleaded guilty, this would warrant the exercise of the
court’s revisionary powers in setting aside the plea of guilt. The appeal was
adjourned for a week so that Ms Kan could attend to my queries.

4 Ms Kan duly filed a criminal motion to adduce several affidavits. The
relevant affidavits were from (a) the customs officers who interviewed the
appellants, and who deposed that the appellants gave affirmative answers when
asked if they knew that the cigarettes were uncustomed; (b) the interpreter
assisting the customs officers, who deposed that she translated their
questions accurately; and (c) the interpreter assisting the district court,
who deposed that she did not pressure the appellants to plead guilty. I noted
that the contents of these affidavits did not directly address my concern that
the appellants only appeared to have learnt that they were handling uncustomed
cigarettes after they were apprehended. Ms Kan candidly accepted this void in
the Prosecution’s case when I raised this with her. Ms Kan also informed me
that the principal offenders in the incident, one Tang Mui Teck (who recruited
the appellants to pack the uncustomed cigarettes) and one Voon Qing Lai, had
confirmed in further statements _that they did not inform the appellants that
the cigarettes were uncustomed_. While these statements were not produced,
this additional information fortified my concerns about the Prosecution’s
original assertion in relation to the appellants’ requisite _mens rea_.

5 Ms Kan also addressed me on the sufficiency of the appellants’ statement of
facts. After hearing Ms Kan, I was satisfied that the appellants’ statement of
facts, and their pleas of guilt founded thereon, was deficient at law. I
therefore exercised my powers of revision to set aside their convictions and
sentences and remitted the matter back to the district court for fresh pleas
to be taken. I now give the reasons for my decision, together with some
observations on matters that require further consideration.

The statement of facts

6 Under s 180(_b_) of the Criminal Procedure Code (Cap 68, 1985 Rev Ed), the
only duty laid upon a magistrate’s court or a district court before whom a
plea of guilt is made is to ascertain that the accused person understands the
nature and consequences of his plea and intends to admit without qualification
the offence alleged against him. However, as L P Thean J observed in _Chota
bin Abdul Razak v Public Prosecutor_ [1991] 1 SLR(R) 501 at [11], a practice
had developed in which, before a plea of guilt by the accused is accepted by
the court, a statement of facts setting out the circumstances in which the
offence is alleged to have been committed is read to the accused by the
Prosecution and the accused is required to admit such statement. In Thean J’s
view, the statement of facts enables a court to fulfil its duty under s
180(_b_). Thean J’s observations were approved by a five-member Court of
Appeal in _Mok Swee Kok v Public Prosecutor_ [1994] 3 SLR(R) 134 at [14], who
went on to hold that:

[I]n our judgment, the recording of a statement of facts by the court
following an accused's plea of guilt, which began as a matter of practice
_which evolved primarily as a means of assisting judges to determine the
appropriate sentence_ , _has evolved into a legal duty on the court to record
a statement of facts and to scrutinise the statement of facts for the explicit
purpose of ensuring that all the elements of the charge are made out therein_.
[emphasis added]

7 In his treatise on criminal procedure, Professor Tan Yock Lin describes the
legal requirement for a statement of facts as “a salutary rule” in furtherance
of the trial judge’s duty “ _to protect the accused from himself_ ” [emphasis
mine]: see Tan Yock Lin, _Criminal Procedure vol 2_ (LexisNexis, 2010) at
XV[951].

8 I respectfully agree, and would add the following:

(a) The requirement for a statement of facts which sufficiently discloses the
elements of the charge is a freestanding imperative requirement. The marrow of
due process requires the court to be absolutely satisfied that there is
congruence between the accused person’s plea of guilt and an actual offence
being made out.

(b) Following from (a), the court should always evaluate a statement of facts
with fresh lenses, without being influenced by the fact that the accused
person has pleaded guilty to the charge. There is no presumption that a
statement of facts will contain the elements of the charge.

(c) As it is an agreed document between the parties, the contents of the
statement of facts can ordinarily be taken at face value, and the task of the
court will usually be to decide whether the contents make out the offence
charged. In this, the court should be very slow to draw inferences to supply
any deficiencies in the contents of the statement of facts.

(d) However, it will not always be the case that the contents of the statement
of facts can be taken at face value. There may be internal inconsistencies or
contradictions in the contents. The contents may be inherently doubtful or
incredulous, or otherwise call for further explanation or inquiry. Further,
the accused person may not always be in a position to understand what he has
apparently agreed to. The court should be alert to these and other situations
where there is reason to doubt what is said in the statement of facts and or
if it is incomplete.

(e) If the court entertains any doubt as to the sufficiency of the statement
of facts, it should decline to record the plea of guilt and explain the
reasons to the parties. If they are agreeable, the parties can then amend the
statement of facts, and if the court is satisfied that the amended statement
of facts make out the charged offence, it can proceed to record the plea of
guilt. Otherwise, the matter should proceed to trial. Needless to say, no
pressure should be exerted on an accused person to agree to amend a deficient
statement of facts.

(f) The need for a careful scrutiny is especially important in cases (such as
the present) where the accused persons are unrepresented, do not understand
English, and/or might not grasp the finer legal points involved. In such
cases, the court should satisfy itself that the accused person understands the
ingredients of the offence. If an accused person is under a misapprehension as
to the offence to which he is pleading guilty, this may be a ground for
setting aside the plea on appeal or revision.

(g) As a practical matter, the statement of facts should be drawn up by those
skilled in the preparation of evidence and knowledgeable about the legal
ingredients that are needed to constitute the relevant offence, and not by
investigators who may not appreciate the finer legal points.

(h) The use of “template” statement of facts for common offences should be
eschewed. Every statement must be customised to the facts of each case.

To put things in perspective, I should say that, if the Prosecution has
satisfied itself that an offence has been made out beyond reasonable doubt
before bringing a charge, the preparation of an adequate statement of facts
would hardly be a difficult task.

9 I should also point out, parenthetically, that the statement of facts is
also an important part of the sentencing process. As a general rule, with
regard to the particulars of the offence, parties should not stray too far
from the statement of facts in making their submissions on sentence, unless
they are prepared to prove what they say in a _Newton_ hearing.

10 In this case, the appellants were charged under s 128I(_b_) of the Customs
Act, which provides as follows:

**Offences in relation to possession, storage, conveying and harbouring of
goods**

**128I**. Any person who —

…

(_b_) is in any way concerned in conveying, removing, depositing or dealing
with any dutiable, uncustomed or prohibited goods with intent to defraud the
Government of any customs duty or excise duty thereon, or to evade any of the
provisions of this Act; or

…

shall be guilty of an offence.

[emphasis in bold in original]

It is plain that the offence is one which requires a _mens rea_ , _viz_ , the
intent to defraud the Government of any customs duty or excise duty thereon,
or to evade any of the provisions of the Customs Act. It also goes without
saying that the _mens rea_ must be contemporaneous with the _actus reus_. This
was not disputed by Ms Kan.

11 Unfortunately, the requirement for contemporaneity between the _mens rea_
and the _actus reus_ appears to have been overlooked in this case. The
statement of facts, which was drawn up by an officer of the Special
Investigations Branch of Singapore Customs, contained nothing which showed
that the appellants had the requisite _mens rea_ at the material time (_ie_ ,
when they were handling the cigarettes). The bare statement of knowledge in
para 6 of the appellants’ joint statement of facts was insufficient by itself
as what was required was knowledge _at the material time_. It is clear that
the appellants were hired as manual labour, and there is no basis for me to
infer that they were told by those who hired them that the cigarettes were
uncustomed. (Indeed, according to what Ms Kan informed the court, the
appellants seemed not to have been told that the cigarettes were uncustomed:
above at [4]. But for the avoidance of doubt, I should say that my decision
was based solely on the deficiency in the statement of facts.)

12 There was also an exchange between Ms Kan and the court on the presumption
of knowledge found in s 128L(6) of the Customs Act. Ms Kan submitted that by
virtue of s 128L(6) of the Customs Act, the appellants are presumed to have
knowledge that the cigarettes were uncustomed until the contrary is proved.
Section 128L(6) provides as follows:

(6) In any prosecution against a person for committing, attempting or abetting
an offence under sections 128D to 128K, any dutiable, uncustomed or prohibited
goods shall be deemed to be dutiable, uncustomed or prohibited goods to the
knowledge of the person, _unless the contrary is proved by the person_.
[emphasis added]

In fairness to Ms Kan, I ought to point out that this discussion was not
directed specifically at the assessment of the statement of facts in question.
However, I should state, for the avoidance of doubt, that evidential
presumptions are inapplicable in assessing the sufficiency of a statement of
facts. As the proviso to s 180(_b_) of the Criminal Procedure Code makes
clear, the court must, before it records a plea of guilt, be satisfied that
the accused person intends to admit without qualification the offence alleged
against him. This would not be the case if the accused admits to a statement
of facts which is inherently deficient and requires the application of an
evidential presumption before the offence can be said to have been made out.

13 The appellants’ pleas of guilt were therefore deficient at law and should
not have been accepted by the district judge. This was a sufficient ground for
the pleas to be set aside, and, I should add, set aside _ex debito justitiae_.
I accordingly made no order on the Prosecution’s motion to adduce further
evidence. I likewise make no comment on the merits of the Prosecution’s case
beyond what is said here.

Conclusion

14 After setting aside the appellants’ pleas of guilt, I ordered the matter to
be remitted to the district court for fresh pleas to be taken. I requested the
ranking Prisons officer escorting the appellants to assist them in contacting
the relevant legal aid body. Given that the appellants had already been
incarcerated for about three months (including the period they were remanded)
when they came before me, I also indicated in my minutes that the subordinate
courts should arrange for a trial as soon as possible if the appellants elect
to claim trial.

15 For completeness, I should record here that pursuant to an application by
the customs prosecutor to withdraw all charges against the appellants, all
four appellants were given a discharge amounting to an acquittal on 13
December 2010 when they were produced in the district court.

Observations on sentence

16 Given the course which the appeals had taken, I did not have to deal with
the questions of sentence on which the appeals had initially come before me.
However, I would like to make some brief observations on what appears to be
the questionable sentencing practice for similar offences.

17 On a review of the cases, it appears that considerable weight is given to
the amount of custom or excise duty evaded. This would be an eminently
sensible approach to take towards those offenders who stand to benefit
directly from the amount of duty evaded. In contrast, it is not obvious that
the same approach is appropriate in cases where the offenders are only
involved in a menial or otherwise minor role and do not stand to benefit
directly in any meaningful way from the amount of duty evaded.

18 In a related vein, it also appears that significant weight is ordinarily
placed on the fact that an accused person acted as part of a group. Here I
would like to stress that there are group offences and there are group
offences. And within each group of offenders there might well be varying
degrees of culpability. It would be incorrect to invariably assume that a
person who offends as part of a group is always more culpable than another
person who offends on his own. Each case must turn on a close examination of
its facts, for which a bland recitation of general principles is no
substitute.

19 There is to-date no reasoned decision of the High Court which examines the
appropriate sentencing approach and tariffs for this genre of cases. The case
relied upon by the district judge, _Moey Keng Kong v Public Prosecutor_ [2001]
2 SLR(R) 867, concerned an accused person acting alone. A review should be
undertaken in an appropriate case. In the meantime, perhaps the subordinate
courts should view the existing sentencing precedents dealing with those
having subsidiary roles in offences involving uncustomed goods with some
caution. It seems to me that the sentence of 24 months’ imprisonment imposed
by the district judge on each of the appellants, who stood only to receive $30
to $40 for their efforts, was wholly disproportionate to their actual
culpability even if they were guilty as charged. This is especially so
considering that Voon Qing Lai, the mastermind who stood to benefit
substantially from this offending episode, was sentenced to 30 months’
imprisonment under section 128(L)(4) of the Customs Act.

20 Smugglers, and members of their syndicates, should of course receive
adequately deterrent sentences for their offending conduct. But this does not
mean that ordinary sentencing precepts, such as proportionality, do not
continue to apply in assessing the appropriate sentences to be meted out to
them.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 17 Feb 2011 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

