Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Valency International Trading Pte Ltd _v_ Alton International Resources
Pte Ltd  
[2011] SGHC 50

Case Number| :| Suit No 196 of 2010/N (Summons No 302 of 2011/Y)  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 03 March 2011  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Jordan Tan AR  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Srivathsan A/L Dr R Rajagopalan (Haridass Ho & Partners)
for the plaintiff; Toh Kian Sing SC, Ting Yong Hong and Teo Ke-Wei Ian (Rajah
& Tann LLP) for the defendant.  
Parties| :|  Valency International Trading Pte Ltd — Alton International
Resources Pte Ltd  
  
3 March 2011| Judgment reserved.  
---|---  
  
Jordan Tan AR:

Introduction

1 This is an application by the defendant to strike out the plaintiff’s
statement of claim under Order 18 rule 19 of the Rules of Court (Cap 322, R 5,
2006 Rev Ed) on the ground that the plaintiff’s claim is frivolous and
vexatious as well as an abuse of the process of the Court. The defendant’s
counsel, Mr Toh Kian Sing SC, says this is so because the plaintiff’s claim is
obviously unsustainable.

The plaintiff’s claim

2 The plaintiff’s pleaded case is as follows. Through email correspondence,
the parties entered into an agreement on 27 July 2009 for the defendant to
sell to the plaintiff 65,000 metric tonnes (more or less 10% at the
defendant’s option) of iron ore fines at US$86 per dry metric ton, with a
laycan period from 1 to 10 August 2009. To record the terms of this agreement,
the plaintiff forwarded a formal purchase contract to the defendant. There
was, however, an error in this document. It stated that payment was to be made
in two stages with 97% through a letter of credit and a balance of 3% through
telegraphic transfer instead of the agreed 100% payment through a letter of
credit. Despite this error, a binding agreement had already been concluded
through the email correspondence and this contract was a mere formality to
record the terms of the agreement.

3 Four days later, on 31 July 2009, a representative of the defendant sent an
email to the plaintiff denying that an agreement had been reached between the
parties, citing the error in the formal purchase contract. In so doing, the
defendant had repudiated the agreement and the plaintiff has suffered loss.
The plaintiff claimed US$1,353,105 in damages.

Sole issue raised

4 For the purposes of this application, Mr Toh said the defendant would take
the plaintiff’s pleaded case at its highest because even then, it is obviously
unsustainable. Specifically, even if it were true that an agreement had been
concluded, in failing to open a letter of credit before the laycan period, the
plaintiff had itself breached a condition precedent to the defendant’s
performance. As a result, the defendant need not have performed.

5 The plaintiff’s counsel, Mr Srivathsan, accepted that the opening of a
letter of credit before the laycan period was a condition precedent to the
shipment of the goods. However, he argued that in the face of the defendant’s
renunciation of the agreement through the email of 31 July 2009 by wrongfully
denying its existence, it would be futile for the plaintiff to open a letter
of credit. This was why the plaintiff did not open a letter of credit but
instead wrote to the defendant, through its representative, on 1 August 2009
(and on 3 and 7 August thereafter) to ask the defendant to sign a version of
the formal purchase contract correcting the aforesaid errors.

6 Because the defendant has taken the position that for the purpose of this
application it will take the plaintiff’s pleaded case at its highest, I
proceed on the assumption that (1) the agreement for the sale of iron ore
fines was valid; and (2) the defendant had communicated unequivocally, through
its representative, on 31 July 2009 that this agreement did not exist.

7 Hence, the single issue raised is whether the defendant’s renunciation of
the agreement on 31 July 2009 freed the plaintiff from its obligation to open
the letter of credit. If it did not, the plaintiff’s claim is obviously
unsustainable and should be struck out because, even taking its case at its
highest, the plaintiff has breached a condition precedent with the result that
the defendant did not have to perform. If it did, the plaintiff has a viable
claim and there is no reason to strike it out.

My decision

8 The issue raised turns on the question of whether an innocent party, in the
face of the wrongdoer’s renunciation of the contract, has an option, in
addition to (1) acceptance of the renunciation so as to terminate and sue for
damages or (2) affirmation of the contract and to continue to perform, to
affirm the contract but be absolved from tendering further performance unless
and until the wrongdoer gives reasonable notice that he is once again able and
willing to perform (“the third option”).

9 The third option has been considered and rejected in English jurisprudence.
In _Fercometal SARL v Mediterranean Shipping_ [1989] 1 AC 788 (“ _Fercometal_
”), Lord Ackner, with whom the other law lords agreed, stated (at 805):

When A wrongfully repudiates his contractual obligations in anticipation of
the time for their performance, he presents the innocent party B with two
choices. He may either affirm the contract by treating it as still in force or
he may treat it as finally and conclusively discharged. There is no third
choice, as a sort of via media, to affirm the contract and yet to be absolved
from tendering further performance unless and until A gives reasonable notice
that he is once again able and willing to perform. Such a choice would negate
the contract being kept alive for the benefit of _both_ parties and would deny
the party who unsuccessfully sought to rescind, the right to take advantage of
any supervening circumstance which would justify him in declining to complete.
[emphasis original]

10 Nonetheless, there is of course some time given to the innocent party
before he is due to perform to decide whether to terminate or affirm the
contract (see _Stocznia Gdanska SA v Latvian Shipping Co (No 2)_ [2002] 2
Lloyd’s Rep 436; _Chitty on Contracts_ vol 1 (London: Sweet & Maxwell, 30th
Ed, 2008) (“ _Chitty on Contracts_ ”) at [24-002]).

11 The Australian position is different. It accepts the existence of the third
option. In _Peter Turnbull & Co Pty Ltd v Mundas Trading Co (Australia) Pty
Ltd_ (1954) 90 CLR 235 (“ _Peter Turnbull_ ”), a decision of the High Court of
Australia, the parties had entered into an agreement for the sale of a
quantity of oats to be shipped from Sydney. The appellant was obliged to
nominate a ship to load the oats from Sydney in January or February 1951 and
to give the respondent 14 days’ notice of such nomination. In January, the
respondent informed the appellant that they could not ship from Sydney and
would ship from Melbourne instead. The appellant did not accept this proposal.
The respondent persisted in its assertion that it could only ship from
Melbourne. The sale did not go through and the appellant sued for damages. The
issue before the court was whether the appellant’s failure to nominate a ship
and give notice of such nomination precluded it from claiming damages for the
respondent’s breach.

12 Dixon CJ held (at 248) that the respondent’s persistence in its position
that it could not ship from Sydney, excused the appellant from its obligation
to nominate a ship and to give notice of such nomination. Webb and Kitto JJ
agreed. Kitto J took the view (at 251) that:

The principle, which applies whenever the promise of one party, A, is subject
to a condition to be fulfilled by the other party, B, may, I think, be stated
as follows. If, although B is ready and willing to perform the contract in all
respects on his part, A absolutely refuses to carry out the contract, and
persists in the refusal until a time arrives at which performance of his
promise would have been due if the condition had been fulfilled by B, A is
liable to B in damages for breach of his promise although the condition
remains unfulfilled.

13 Taylor J dissented. He rejected the third option, making the following
observations (at 262):

[The future rights of the innocent party] must also be determined according to
his election; he may retain the benefit _and risk_ of the contract or he may
rescind and recover damages. But that he may not have both is, I should think,
clear beyond doubt. Nor, having elected to keep the contract on foot, may he,
after having failed to fulfil a condition precedent to his right to
performance on the part of the other party, rescind upon a refusal, then
continued, to perform the contract for, _ex hypothesi_ , whatever ground is
assigned for such a continued refusal the other party is not then under any
obligation to perform the contract.

14 _Peter Turnbull_ was one of the cases cited by counsel in _Fercometal_ (see
_Fercometal_ at 792), but it was not discussed in the judgments of the law
Lords. Nonetheless, the decision of the House of Lords to reject the third
option makes it clear that it did not take the same position as the Australian
High Court in _Peter Turnbull_.

15 The Australian High Court had the opportunity to reconsider its position in
_Peter Turnbull_ in the light of _Fercometal_. In _Foran and another v Wight
and another_ (1989) 168 CLR 385 (“ _Foran_ ”), the vendors of certain property
informed the purchasers two days before the date of completion that they were
unable to register a right of way which was required of them under the sale
and purchase agreement. On the date of completion, neither party took steps to
complete. Two days thereafter, the purchasers gave the vendors a notice of
rescission. The purchasers sought a declaration that they had rescinded the
contract and sought a return of the deposit. The vendors contended that the
notice of rescission was invalid on the ground that the purchasers themselves
were not ready and willing to complete on the due date for want of funds. The
vendors succeeded.

16 On appeal, the High Court held (with a majority of four to one) that the
purchasers’ notice of appeal was not invalid and that they were entitled to
the return of their deposit. Various reasons were given by the majority for
this decision. Brennan and Dawson JJ took the view that although the
purchasers were required to show that they were ready and willing to perform,
the fact that the vendors had intimated that they were unable to complete
relieved the purchasers of the need to show more than that they were not
incapacitated from raising the necessary funds and had not resolved against
doing so, and on the evidence they had discharged that burden. Brennan J (at
421-422) made the following observations:

I would hold, in accordance with _Peter Turnbull_ and _Mahoney v Lindsay_ ...
that an intimation of non-performance of an essential term of a contract
amounts to repudiation and dispenses a party who acts upon it from performance
of his dependent obligation though he does not rescind the contract.
Therefore, I am unable, with respect, to agree with Lord Ackner’s rejection of
what his Lordship described as a “third choice” in [_Fercometal_]:

“When A wrongfully repudiates his contractual obligations in anticipation of
the time for their performance, he presents the innocent party B with two
choices. He may either affirm the contract by treating it as still in force or
he may treat it as finally and conclusively discharged. There is no third
choice, as a sort of via media, to affirm the contract and yet to be absolved
from tendering further performance unless and until A gives reasonable notice
that he is once again able and willing to perform. Such a choice would negate
the contract being kept alive for the benefit of _both_ parties and would deny
the party who unsuccessfully sought to rescind, the right to take advantage of
any supervening circumstance which would justify him in declining to
complete.”

The proposition that, if repudiation by anticipatory breach is not accepted,
the contract subsists is undoubted; but it does not follow that an intimation
by one party that tender of performance by the other will be nugatory cannot,
if acted on, dispense the other from his obligation of performance under the
contract by raising an equitable estoppel. It may be that Lord Ackner
acknowledges some role for estoppels in this context for he said ...:

“it is always open to [B], who has refused to accept [A’s] repudiation of the
contract, and thereby kept the contract alive, to contend that in relation to
a particular right or obligation under the contract, [A] is stopped from
contending that he, [A], is entitled to exercise that right or that he, [B],
has remained bound by that obligation. If [A] represents to [B] that he no
longer intends to exercise that right or requires that obligation to be
fulfilled by [B] and [B] acts upon that representation, then clearly [A]
cannot be heard thereafter to say that he is entitled to exercise that right
or that [B] is in breach of contract by not fulfilling that obligation.”

In my view, an equity created by estoppels arising from an intimation by A
that he does not intend to perform which conveys to B that performance by him
would be nugatory absolves B “from tendering further performance unless and
until A gives reasonable notice that he is once again able and willing to
perform”.

17 It appears that although Brennan J finds support for acceptance of the
third option (though the learned judge seemed to prefer not to use that
terminology) in the decision in _Peter Turnbull_ , his reasoning is different.
Dixon CJ and Kitto J’s conclusion in _Peter Turnbull_ that an intimation by
the wrongdoer of an intention not to perform absolves the innocent party from
performance was derived from an extrapolation of principles stated in _Jones v
Barkley_ (1781) 99 ER 434 (“ _Jones_ ”) (if the wrongdoer manifests an
intention not to perform his part, it is not necessary for the innocent party
to go father, and do a nugatory act) as well as _Ripley v M’Clure_ (1849) 154
ER 1245 (“ _Ripley_ ”) and _Cort v The Ambergate &c Railway Co_ (1851) 117 ER
1229 (“ _Cort_ ”), both of which state the same principle as that stated in
_Jones_. In _Cort_ , it was further stated, by Campbell CJ, that _Ripley_
could be explained in terms of a waiver, in that the wrongdoer’s refusal to
perform was evidence of a continuing refusal and waiver of the condition
precedent which the innocent party had to perform.

18 Dixon CJ states (at 247) that the principle in _Jones_ “in [his] opinion,
controls the decision of [the] appeal [before him].” Kitto J also acknowledges
(at 250) that “the principle which is decisive [of the appeal before him] is
that which is illustrated by [Campbell CJ’s] statement in [_Cort_] of the
decision in [_Ripley_].” Brennan J’s reasoning for accepting the third option,
that the intimation of the wrongdoer of its intention not to perform and the
reliance of the innocent party thereon raises an estoppel in favour of the
latter, is therefore quite different.

19 Furthermore, with respect, I do not think that the part of Lord Ackner’s
observations on estoppel referred to by Brennan J (see [16] above, second
quote of Lord Ackner’s observations) supports his general proposition that an
innocent party is absolved from performance if the wrongdoer conveys to the
former his intention not to perform so that the former’s performance is
nugatory. Lord Ackner’s observations must be read in context. Lord Ackner
characterises that passage quoted by Brennan J as a response to an
“essentially ... new point” raised by counsel (which is separate from the
issue of whether there exists the third option) (see _Fercometal_ at 805).
Lord Ackner then goes on to comment whether, on the facts, an estoppel could
arise. It is clear that Lord Ackner was not making a _general pronouncement_
of law acknowledging the existence of the third option (as defined above at
[8]) but an assessment _on the facts_ as to whether an estoppel could arise.

20 Be that as it may, the decision in _Foran_ affirms the position in _Peter
Turnbull_ , although the rationalisations may be different. The Australian
position remains different from the English position.

21 Locally, the Court of Appeal in _Straits Engineering Contracting Pte Ltd v
Merteks Pte Ltd_ [1995] 3 SLR(R) 864 (“ _Straits Engineering_ ”) has cited
_Peter Turnbull_ favourably. In that case, the appellant had entered into an
agreement to sell all the shares in one of its wholly owned subsidiary to the
respondent. The appellant subsequently insisted on a sale on the basis of a
“clean company” without trade debtors and trade creditors. The respondent
disagreed and brought a claim against the appellant, alleging breach of
contract, for specific performance and damages. The judge found that there was
no agreement that the sale would be on the basis of a “clean company”. The
Court of Appeal allowed the appeal in part in relation to the judge’s
assessment of the damages.

22 The Court of Appeal, nonetheless, cited _Peter Turnbull_ and _Foran_
favourably in dicta. L P Thean JA (delivering the judgment of the court) made
the following observations:

24 ... There was nothing to suggest that the respondents had not intended to
complete the transaction but for the new term introduced by the appellants
[requiring that the sale be on the basis of a “clean company”]. In such
circumstances, it would be futile and nugatory for the respondents to tender
the balance purchase price with a view to completing the purchase in terms of
the March Agreement.

25 In [_Peter Turnbull_ ,] Dixon CJ said, at p 245:

... I think that the plaintiff is entitled to succeed on the ground that, in
so far as there was a non-fulfilment of the condition requiring the nomination
of a February ship and the giving of 14 days’ notice of the ship and shipping
date, the defendant dispensed the plaintiff from such fulfilment.

26 His Honour gave the reasons as follows, at p 246:

The defendant persisted up to 2 March that it could perform the contract only
in one way, namely, by substituting a shipment by the same vessel in Melbourne
for that in Sydney contracted for. By seeking the plaintiff’s help in an
attempt to effect this substitution and at the same time persisting that it
could not perform the contract according to its terms, the defendant clearly
intimated to the plaintiff that it was useless to pursue the conditions of the
contract applicable to shipment in Sydney and that the plaintiff need not do
so.

L P Thean JA then referred favourably (at [27]) to Brennan J’s decision in
_Foran_.

23 In _Siti and another v Lee Kay Li_ [1996] 2 SLR(R) 934 (“ _Siti_ ”), L P
Thean JA (delivering the judgment of the court) referred to and reiterated the
point made in [24] of _Straits Trading_ (quoted above at [22]).

24 It must be noted that in both _Straits Trading_ and _Siti_ , _Fercometal_
was neither cited nor discussed. This is why Mr Toh submitted that those
decisions were decided _per incuriam_.

25 Subsequent to those decisions, _Fercometal_ has received the endorsement of
the High Court. Choo Han Teck J in _Silverlink Holdings Ltd v Rockline Ltd and
others_ [2011] SGHC 10 (“ _Silverlink Holdings_ ”) at [11]-[12] accepted
counsel’s argument based on _Fercometal_ , commenting that: “[i]t cannot be
the case that the wrongful party continues to be bound by the terms of a
repudiated contract, while the innocent party is not.” _Fercometal_ was also
endorsed by Lai Siu Chiu J in _Stork Technology Services Asia Pte Ltd v First
Capital Insurance Limited_ [2006] 3 SLR(R) 652 at [92] and by G P Selvam J in
_MP-Bilt Pte Ltd v Oey Widarto_ [1999] 1 SLR(R) 908 at [56]. _Siti_ and
_Straits Trading_ were not discussed in these decisions.

26 I respectfully agree with the position taken by the High Court and would
depart from the _dicta_ of the Court of Appeal in _Siti_ and _Straits
Trading_. Mr Toh had sought to convince me that in any event the Court of
Appeal’s pronouncements in _Siti_ and _Straits Trading_ in reference to _Peter
Turnbull_ and _Foran_ could be distinguished from the present application on
the ground that the cases before the Court of Appeal were concerned with
_concurrent_ obligations and not a condition precedent with which this
application is concerned. With respect, I do not agree. _Peter Turnbull_ was a
case concerning a breach of a condition precedent on the part of the innocent
party as a result of an intimation of an intention not to perform by the
wrongdoer: the innocent party had to nominate a ship and given notice of such
nomination _before_ the wrongdoer could perform. Dixon CJ’s observations (in
_Peter Turnbull_ at 246-247) also make it clear that the principle enunciated
in _Peter Turnbull_ applies with equal force to situations concerning a breach
of a condition precedent and not just to a situation concerning concurrent
obligations:

Now long before the doctrine of anticipatory breach of contract was developed
it was always the law that, _if a contracting party prevented the fulfilment
by the opposite party to the contract of a condition precedent therein
expressed or implied, it was equal to performance thereof_ ... But a plaintiff
may be dispensed from performing a condition by the defendant expressly or
impliedly intimating that it is useless for him to perform it and requesting
him not to do so. _If the plaintiff acts upon the intimation it is just as
effectual as actual prevention_. [emphasis added]

27 Hence, although the decision in _Peter Turnbull_ was based on _Jones_ , a
case concerned with concurrent obligations, it was clear that the principle
enunciated in _Peter Turnbull_ was intended to also cover situations
concerning a condition precedent. Furthermore, when the High Court of
Australia had the opportunity to reconsider _Peter Turnbull_ in _Foran_ , a
case concerning concurrent obligations, it did not qualify _Peter Turnbull_ to
limit its application to such cases. The Court of Appeal in _Straits Trading_
and _Siti_ also made no such qualification when referring to _Peter Turnbull_.

28 Furthermore, I do not think such a distinction can be justified as a matter
of principle if one examines the rationale underlying the decision in _Peter
Turnbull_ to accept the existence of the third option. It seems to me that the
third option was developed as a result of a commonsensical concern on the need
to reduce commercial wastage. Simply put, if the wrongdoer makes it clear that
he is not going to perform so that the innocent party’s performance would be
an act in futility, why should the law require the innocent party to perform?
This is a valid concern regardless of whether the innocent party has to
perform a condition precedent or carry out a concurrent obligation. If the
wrongdoer has made it clear that he will not perform, the innocent party’s
acts in fulfilment of a condition precedent or a concurrent obligation would
be futile in both situations.

29 And it is for these reasons that I do not think _Straits Trading_ and
_Siti_ can be distinguished in the way urged by Mr Toh. But I would depart
nonetheless from the position stated in the _dicta_ of those cases.

30 I agree with the position taken in _Fercometal_ for two reasons. First,
even through the innocent party’s performance in the face of a clear refusal
to perform by the wrongdoer is an effort in futility, where repudiation has
not been accepted, the contract is kept alive for both parties and does not
exist for one but not the other (see also _Chitty on Contracts_ at [24-011];
_Silverlink Holdings_ at [12]). To hold otherwise would be contrary to basic
principles of fairness as between contracting parties for one side is held to
the bargain, while the other is not.

31 Second, although the appeal to prevent commercial wastage resulting from
the futile acts of the innocent party (see also [28] above) is, at first
blush, a persuasive argument for the recognition of the third option, the
existing principles of contract law in the absence of the third option allow
for substantially the same result to obtain without its problems (as stated in
the preceding paragraph). The innocent party may accept the renunciation,
terminate and renegotiate a new contract. In so doing, the innocent party may
still claim damages and be absolved from acting in futility because it is no
longer required to perform. Although successful renegotiations would require
the assent of the wrongdoer, so would the third option which requires the
wrongdoer to give reasonable notice that he is once again willing to perform
for the contract to be back on track.

32 For these reasons, I accept the position in _Fercometal_ and reject the
existence of the third option.

33 I agree with Mr Toh that the plaintiff’s claim is obviously unsustainable
even taking the plaintiff’s case at its highest. The plaintiff did not accept
the renunciation of the agreement and instead persisted in seeking its
performance through the email communication on 1 August 2009 asking the
defendant to sign the corrected version of the formal purchase contract. The
contract was not terminated and the plaintiff had to satisfy the condition
precedent by procuring a letter of credit. It failed to do so and therefore
the defendant’s failure to perform is not wrongful.

34 There is one last point I would address. The plaintiff had sought, in the
alternative, to rely on the doctrines of waiver and estoppel. If by reference
to these doctrines, Mr Srivathsan had sought to persuade me of their
applicability in the form envisioned by Brennan J, _ie_ as a general principle
of law that a renunciation by a wrongdoer absolves the innocent party from
performance, I cannot agree for reasons already stated (see also [19] above).
If he is instead arguing that _on the facts_ an estoppel or waiver can be
found, I would simply say that the facts pleaded do not support the finding of
an estoppel or waiver of the condition precedent requiring the plaintiff to
open the letter of credit. The defendant may have intimated that it would not
perform and that it took the view that there was no agreement between the
parties but this without more does not ground an estoppel or waiver.

Conclusion

35 For the reasons stated, I strike out the plaintiff’s statement of claim and
dismiss the plaintiff’s action.

36 I will hear the parties on costs.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 03 Mar 2011 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

