Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Ramalingam Ravinthran _v_ Attorney-General  
[2011] SGHC 140

Case Number| :| Originating Summons No 234 of 2011  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 31 May 2011  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Tan Lee Meng J  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  M Ravi (L F Violet Netto) for the plaintiff; Aedit
Abdullah and Teo Guan Siew (Attorney-General's Chambers) for the defendant.  
Parties| :|  Ramalingam Ravinthran — Attorney-General  
  
31 May 2011| Judgment reserved.  
---|---  
  
Tan Lee Meng J:

Introduction

1 The plaintiff, Mr Ramalingam Ravinthran, was convicted by Kan Ting Chiu J
(“the trial judge”) of two capital charges relating to drug trafficking under
s 5(1)(a) read with s 33 and the Second Schedule of the Misuse of Drugs Act
(Cap 185, 2008 Rev Ed). His appeal against the trial judge’s decision was
dismissed by the Court of Appeal. He instituted Originating Summons No 234 of
2011 (“the OS”) under O 53 of the Rules of Court for leave to apply for the
following orders:

(a)That the Plaintiff be granted a quashing order in that the judgment in
_Public Prosecutor v Ramalingam Ravinthran_ [2009] SGHC 265 be quashed for
being obtained as a result of discriminatory and unconstitutional prosecution
of the Plaintiff (“the quashing order”);

(b)That the Plaintiff be granted an order of prohibition to enjoin the
director of prisons from executing the Plaintiff and that the Plaintiff is
granted an indefinite stay of execution (“the prohibition order”); and

(c)That the Plaintiff be granted a mandatory order instructing the Defendants
to prefer the same charges preferred against the co-accused against the
Plaintiff as well (“the mandatory order”).

Background

2 On 13 June 2006, the plaintiff, who had a sports bag (“the bag”) in his car
which contained eight blocks of vegetable material wrapped in aluminium foil,
was arrested by officers of the Central Narcotics Bureau. An analysis of the
eight blocks revealed that they contained 5560.1g of cannabis and 2078.3g of
cannabis mixture. One Sundar Arujunan (“Sundar”), who had been in the car
together with the plaintiff just before the latter’s arrest, was arrested on
the same day.

3 Initially, both Sundar and the plaintiff faced capital charges in relation
to the drugs found in the bag. Subsequently, the charges against Sundar were
reduced to non-capital charges and he pleaded guilty to the non-capital
charges. He was sentenced to imprisonment for 20 years and 24 strokes of the
cane. On the other hand, the plaintiff, who continued to face capital charges,
was convicted by the trial judge. His appeal to the Court of Appeal (in
Criminal Appeal No 28 of 2009) was dismissed on 7 September 2010.

4 Following the dismissal of his appeal by the Court of Appeal, the plaintiff
instituted the present proceedings for judicial review. Mr M Ravi, the
plaintiff’s present counsel, argued that there was room for judicial review
because Arts 9 and 12 of the Constitution of the Republic of Singapore (1985
Rev Ed, 1999 Reprint) (“the Constitution”) were violated when capital charges
were preferred against the plaintiff but not against Sundar. The Attorney-
General opposed the plaintiff’s application.

5 In _Chan Hiang Leng Colin & others v Minister for Information and the Arts_
[1996] 1 SLR(R) 294, Karthigesu JA stated (at [25]) that what is required for
leave to be granted for judicial review “is not a _prima facie_ case, but a
_prima facie_ case of reasonable suspicion”. When endorsing this relatively
low threshold in _Public Service Commission v Lai Swee Lin Linda_ [2001] 1
SLR(R) 133, the Court of Appeal stated (at [22]) that “leave would be granted
if there appears to be a point which might, on further consideration, turn out
to be an arguable case in favour of granting to the applicant the relief
claimed”. In appropriate cases, it may be preferable not to have a hearing of
the application for leave followed by another hearing regarding the merits of
the case should leave be granted: see, for instance, _Yong Vui Kong v
Attorney-General_ [2011] 1 SLR 1. In the present case, both parties agreed
that the application for leave as well as the merits of the application for
the orders in question should be heard together. This was a sensible approach
to take as the main issue before the court concerns the interpretation of
provisions of the Constitution. Apart from the fact that all the evidence was
before the court, there was no dispute of fact and only pure questions of law
had to be considered.

Withdrawal of the application for a quashing order

6 At the outset, it ought to be noted that the OS was misconceived as it
sought to have a High Court judge quash a decision of another High Court
Judge. Furthermore, the OS made no reference whatsoever to the decision of the
Court of Appeal which affirmed the trial judge’s decision.

7 In _Re Racal Communications Ltd_ [1981] 1 AC 374 (“ _Re Racal_ ”), Lord
Diplock reiterated (at p 384 F-G) that judicial review is available as a
remedy for mistakes of law made by inferior courts and tribunals only, and
added that mistakes of law made by judges of the High Court acting in their
capacity as such can be corrected only by means of an appeal to an appellate
court. Furthermore, as the trial judge’s decision was affirmed by the Court of
Appeal, what the plaintiff should have done was to apply to the Court of
Appeal for a hearing of his arguments on the alleged breach of Arts 9 and
12(1) of the Constitution instead of instituting this OS in the High Court.
Relying on _Re Racal_ , Mr Aedit Abdullah, who appeared for the Attorney-
General, submitted that the plaintiff’s application was so fundamentally
flawed that it must be dismissed. After considering the Attorney-General’s
submission, the plaintiff’s counsel, Mr M Ravi, withdrew his client’s
application for an order to quash the trial judge’s decision at the hearing of
the OS on 13 May 2011. He then informed the court that his client would only
be applying for the prohibition order against the Director of Prisons and the
mandatory order against the Attorney-General.

The application for the other orders

8 By seeking a prohibition order against the Director of Prisons and a
mandatory order against the Attorney-General, the plaintiff was in fact
inviting the High Court to completely ignore the effect of the decision of the
trial judge as well as that of the Court of Appeal which affirmed the trial
judge’s decision.

9 The Director of Prisons is required to enforce the sentence meted out by the
trial judge and upheld by the Court of Appeal unless that sentence has been
set aside. Indeed, the Director of Prisons does not exercise any discretion
that can be the subject matter of judicial review. As the decisions of the
trial judge and that of the Court of Appeal have not been set aside, it
follows that the application for the prohibition order against the Director of
Prisons was misconceived and cannot succeed.

10 As for the application for the mandatory order against the Attorney-
General, apart from the fact that the Attorney-General cannot be ordered by
the High Court to exercise his discretion in a particular way (see paras
[12]-[25]  _infra_), surely the Attorney-General cannot be expected to prefer
different charges against the plaintiff unless the latter’s conviction and
sentence have been set aside. As such, the application for the mandatory order
against the Attorney-General is also misconceived and cannot succeed.

11 I thus hold that the plaintiff’s application for the prohibition order
against the Director of Prisons and the mandatory order against the Attorney-
General is so fundamentally flawed that it must be dismissed. Mr Aedit
Abdullah rightly pointed out that as the plaintiff’s ultimate objective was to
set aside his conviction and sentence, both of which were upheld by the Court
of Appeal, the latter should have applied to the Court of Appeal for leave to
file a motion to re-open the case for his concerns to be considered: see _Koh
Zhan Quan Tony v PP and another motion_ [2006] 2 SLR(R) 830.

Equal protection of the law

12 In view of the gravity of the issue before the court, the plaintiff’s
arguments regarding his constitutional rights will, for the sake of
completeness, also be considered.

13 It is quite clear from previous decisions of the Court of Appeal, which
bind the High Court, that the plaintiff’s case relating to the alleged breach
of his constitutional rights cannot get off the ground.

14 In the present proceedings, the plaintiff relied on Arts 9 and 12(1) of the
Constitution. Art 9 provides that no person “shall be deprived of his life or
personal liberty save in accordance with law”. In attempting to establish that
the preferring of capital charges against him was not in accordance with the
law as required by Art 9, the plaintiff relied on Art 12(1), which provides
that all persons “are equal before the law and entitled to the equal
protection of the law”. He asserted that the decision to prefer capital
charges against him when Sundar was charged with non-capital offences is a
denial of his right to equality and the equal protection of the law. He added
that this decision is irrational and smacks of “ _Wednesbury_
unreasonableness” (see _Associated Provincial Picture Houses_ , _Limited v
Wednesbury Corporation_ [1948] 1 KB 223).

15 Art 12(1) of the Constitution must be read together with Art 35(8) of the
Constitution, which outlines the role of the Attorney-General as the nation’s
Public Prosecutor. Art 35(8) provides:

The Attorney-General shall have power, exercisable at his discretion, to
institute, conduct or discontinue any proceedings for any offence.

16 In _Law Society of Singapore v Tan Guat Neo Phyllis_ [2008] 2 SLR(R) 239 (“
_Phyllis Tan_ ”), Chan Sek Keong CJ explained the effect of Art 35(8) of the
Constitution (at [145]):

In relation to public prosecutions, Art 35(8) makes it clear that the
institution, conduct or discontinuance of any criminal proceedings is a matter
for only the Attorney-General to decide. This means that _except for
unconstitutionality_ , the Attorney-General has an _unfettered discretion_ as
to when and how he exercises his prosecutorial powers.

[original emphasis omitted; emphasis added in italics]

17 There are good reasons why, except in cases of unconstitutionality, the
courts should defer to the decision of the Attorney-General on the
institution, conduct or discontinuance of proceedings for any offence. In _US
v Christopher Lee Armstrong et al_ (1996) 517 US 456, the United States
Supreme Court explained:

Judicial deference to the decisions of these executive officers rests in part
on an assessment of the relative competence of prosecutors and courts. Such
factors as the strength of the case, the prosecution’s general deterrence
value, the Government’s enforcement priorities, and the case’s relationship to
the Government’s overall enforcement plan are not readily susceptible to the
kind of analysis the courts are competent to undertake.

18 Admittedly, Chan CJ stated in _Phyllis Tan_ (at [149]) that judicial review
of the Attorney-General’s exercise of prosecutorial discretion is not totally
excluded. However, it is crucial to note that Chan CJ added that the
possibility of judicial review only arises in two situations. First, there is
room for judicial review where prosecutorial discretion is abused in the sense
that it is exercised in bad faith for an extraneous purpose. The second
situation is where the exercise of prosecutorial discretion results in a
contravention of constitutional protection and rights, such as where an
accused is deprived of his right to equality under the law and the equal
protection of the law under Art 12(1) of the Constitution.

19 The plaintiff did not allege that prosecutorial discretion was exercised in
bad faith in the sense that it was exercised for an extraneous purpose against
him. As such, the first ground for judicial review of the exercise of
prosecutorial discretion need not be further considered.

20 In regard to the second ground for judicial review of the exercise of
prosecutorial discretion, namely a breach of Art 12(1) of the Constitution,
two decisions of the Court of Appeal which considered the ambit of Art 12(1)
in the context of Art 35(8) of the Constitution may be referred to. To begin
with, in _Sim Min Teck v Public Prosecutor_ [1987] SLR(R) 65 (“ _Sim Min Teck_
”), the appellant was convicted on two charges that in furtherance of a common
intention he, with two other persons, committed murder by causing the deaths
of two persons. He was sentenced to death. However, his accomplice, Beh Meng
Chai (“Beh”), was only charged with culpable homicide not amounting to murder.
One of the grounds relied upon by the appellant in his appeal was that he had
been discriminated against in violation of Art 12(1) of the Constitution
because Beh had been charged with a lesser offence on the same facts. The
Court of Appeal accepted that there was overwhelming evidence that the
appellant, Beh and a third accomplice had fatally stabbed both deceased with
knives in circumstances which amounted to murder by one or more of them, and
that the stab wounds were inflicted in furtherance of their common intention
to commit armed robbery and if necessary to use the knives with which they
were armed. However, the court found that Art 12(1) had not been infringed.
Wee Chong Jin CJ endorsed the following words of Lord Diplock in _Teh Cheng
Poh v Public Prosecutor_ [1979] 1 MLJ 50 at p 56 (‘ _Teh Cheng Poh_ ”):

There are many factors which a prosecuting authority may properly take into
account in exercising its discretion as to whether to charge a person at all,
or, where the information available to it discloses the ingredients of a
greater as well as a lesser offence, as to whether to charge the accused with
the greater or the lesser. The existence of those factors to which the
prosecuting authority may properly have regard and the relative weight to be
attached to each of them may vary enormously between one case and another. All
that equality before the law requires, is that the cases of all potential
defendants to criminal charges shall be given unbiased consideration by the
prosecuting authority and that decisions whether or not to prosecute in a
particular case for a particular offence should not be dictated by some
irrelevant consideration.

21 Wee CJ explained (at [9]) why the Court of Appeal found that Art 12(1) had
not been infringed:

[I]t was contended on behalf of the appellant that because Beh had been
charged on the same facts with the lesser offence, the appellant had been
discriminated against contrary to Art 12(1) of the Constitution of the
Republic of Singapore which states that "All persons are equal before the law
and entitled to the equal protection of the law". We rejected this contention.
The Attorney-General of Singapore is by Art 35(8) of the Constitution given
power, exercisable at his discretion to institute, conduct or discontinue any
proceedings for any offence.

22 The decision in _Sim Min Teck_ was followed by the Court of Appeal in
_Thiruselvam s/o Nagaratnam v Public Prosecutor_ [2001] 1 SLR(R) 362 (“
_Thiruselvam_ ”). In this case, the appellant was charged with abetting one
Katheraven s/o Gopal ("Katheraven") in committing the offence of trafficking
in 807.6g of cannabis. He was found guilty of this capital charge. Katheraven
was only charged with trafficking in a smaller quantity of drugs and was
convicted of this non-capital charge. The appellant contended that his right
of equality before the law had been infringed as the main offender had been
convicted of a lesser charge while he, who abetted the main offender, faced a
capital charge. This argument was rejected by the Court of Appeal. L P Thean
JA, who delivered the judgment of the court, explained (at [32]):

It is true that in _Sim Min Teck …_ the accused was one of the main offenders
and the accomplice played a lesser role in the commission of the offence of
murder. In the instant case, the position is the reverse: the appellant was
only an abettor of Katheraven, the person who committed the main offence. To
that extent, this case is slightly different from _Sim Min Teck_. However,
this difference is immaterial and does not detract from the weight of that
authority. The principle remains the same. The Prosecution has a wide
discretion to determine what charge or charges should be preferred against any
particular offender, and to proceed on charges of different severity as
between different participants of the same criminal acts. In this case, it has
a discretion to choose between preferring a charge against the appellant for
abetment of trafficking in a quantity which carries the capital punishment and
preferring one for abetment of trafficking in a quantity which does not. In
our judgment, there was no breach of Art 12 of the Constitution.

23 It is also worth noting that in _Sinniah Pillay v Public Prosecutor_ [1991]
2 SLR(R) 704, the appellant was convicted of conspiracy and abetment to commit
grievous hurt by means of a corrosive substance under s 326 of the Penal Code
(Cap 224, 1985 Rev Ed) while his co-conspirators were charged for abetment and
conspiracy to commit an offence under the Corrosive and Explosive Substances
and Offensive Weapons Act (Cap 65, 1985 Rev Ed). The Court of Appeal, noting
that the appellant and his co-conspirators had been charged under different
statutes, pointed out (at [24]) that it was not unusual to find that a given
set of facts can give rise to a number of different charges and that it was
the prerogative of the prosecution to decide which charge it would prefer.

24 In _Mah Kah Yew v Public Prosecutor_ [1968-1970] SLR(R) 851, Wee Chong Jin
CJ, who stated that the doctrine of _stare decisis_ is a necessary and well
established doctrine in our system of jurisprudence and of our judicial
system, reiterated (at [15]) that decisions of the Court of Appeal bind the
High Court. This view was also reiterated by the Court of Appeal in _Wong Hong
Toy and another v Public Prosecutor_ [1987] SLR(R) 213 (at [27]-[28]). No
attempt was made to distinguish the present case from _Sim Min Teck_ and
_Thiruselvam_. Instead, Mr M Ravi argued that the Court of Appeal had in those
two cases misread Lord Diplock’s view in _Teh Cheng Poh_ and that those two
decisions can no longer be considered good law in the light of _Phyllis Tan_.

25 Chan CJ’s observation in _Phyllis Tan_ that the Attorney-General’s
prosecutorial discretion is subject to judicial review where Art 12(1) of the
Constitution has been breached does not conflict with the earlier decisions of
the Court of Appeal in _Sim Min Teck_ and _Thiruselvam_. What the Court of
Appeal held in those two earlier cases was that Art 12(1) had not been
breached in the circumstances of those cases. As the circumstances in the
present case cannot be distinguished from those in _Sim Min Teck_ and
_Thiruselvam_ , the issue of equal protection under the law need not be
further considered.

Conclusion and costs

26 For the reasons stated, I dismiss the plaintiff’s application for the
prohibition order against the Director of Prisons and the mandatory order
against the Attorney-General. Indeed, had the hearing been confined to the
application for leave, I would not have granted the leave sought.

27 No order is made with respect to costs.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 31 May 2011 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

