Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Koh Chai Kwang _v_ Teo Ai Ling (by her next friend, Chua Wee Bee)  
[2011] SGCA 23

Case Number| :| Civil Appeal No 42 of 2010  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 20 May 2011  
Tribunal/Court| :| Court of Appeal  
Coram| :|  Chao Hick Tin JA; Andrew Phang Boon Leong JA; V K Rajah JA  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Madan Assomull and R Radikamalar d/o Rada Krishnan
(Assomull & Partners) for the Appellant; Tang Gee Ni and Chris Chng Chai Leong
(G N Tang & Co) for the Respondent.  
Parties| :|  Koh Chai Kwang — Teo Ai Ling (by her next friend, Chua Wee Bee)  
  
[LawNet Editorial Note: The decision from which this appeal arose is reported
at [2010] 2 SLR 1037.]

20 May 2011| Judgment reserved.  
---|---  
  
Chao Hick Tin JA (delivering the judgment of the court):

Introduction

1 This is an appeal against an award of damages made in favour of the
Respondent (the Plaintiff in the action) for the injuries suffered by her as a
result of a motor accident.

2 On 12 July 2004, along Woodlands Avenue 3, the Appellant’s motorcycle
collided into the Respondent, who sustained serious injuries. The Respondent
was admitted to National University Hospital (“NUH”) and warded for 36 days
after which she was transferred to Tan Tock Seng Rehabilitation Centre, where
she remained for 51 days. She was thereafter given hospitalisation leave from
6 October 2004 until 13 August 2005, a period of more than ten months. By
consent, interlocutory judgment was entered at 60% in favour of the
Respondent.

3 The Respondent is now blind in the right eye as a result of her injuries.
She was diagnosed with left facial weakness and also required surgery to
correct hearing loss in her left ear. She also suffered cognitive dysfunction
due to her brain injury, which will be the subject of further consideration
below.

4 The Respondent had scored 243 for her PSLE and achieved seven “O” level
passes (English: B3; Literature in English: C5; Combined Humanities: B4;
Mathematics: A2; Additional Mathematics: B3; Chemistry: E8; Higher Chinese:
C6). At the time of the accident, she was barely two weeks into her first year
as a student of Business Studies at Ngee Ann Polytechnic (“the Polytechnic”).
She deferred her studies as a result of the accident, and resumed her
education three years later in 2007.

Decisions below

5 The Assistant Registrar (“the AR”) awarded general damages of $286,000 on a
100% basis, of which: (1) $70,000 was for the Respondent’s physical head
injuries; (2) $25,000 was for the Respondent’s cognitive disabilities; and (3)
$120,000 was for the Respondent’s loss of earning capacity (“LEC”). The AR
reasoned that as the Respondent was still in school, an award of loss of
future earnings (“LFE”), applying the multiplicand-multiplier formula, would
be too speculative. By the time of the assessment of damages before the AR,
the Respondent was in the fourth semester of her course for the Diploma of
Business Studies (“the Diploma”).

6 The Respondent appealed against the AR’s decision for an increase in the
awards for her physical head injuries and her cognitive disabilities, and for
an award of LFE instead of only LEC, or, in the alternative, for the award for
LEC to be increased. The Appellant cross-appealed and asked that the total
award be reduced to $135,442.47.

7 In _Teo Ai Ling (by her next friend Chua Wee Bee) v Koh Chai Kwang_ [2010]
SGHC 54 (“the Judgment”), the Judicial Commissioner (“the Judge”) allowed the
Respondent’s appeal in part by: (1) increasing the award for cognitive
disabilities to $40,000; and (2) replacing the AR’s award for LEC with an
award for LFE of $492,000. Costs of the appeals were ordered to be taxed if
not agreed.

Issues in this appeal

8 In this appeal, the Appellant challenges both the substantive decisions of
the Judge. Accordingly, in this judgment, we will, first, be examining the
question of whether this is an appropriate case to award LFE, and if so,
whether the quantum accorded by the Judge is reasonable. The second issue
which we will consider is whether the sum of $40,000 awarded by the Judge for
the Respondent’s cognitive disabilities is excessive.

The question of LFE and LEC

9 Recently, this court had the occasion to consider the law on LFE and LEC in
the case of _Chai Kang Wei Samuel v Shaw Linda Gillian_ [2010] 3 SLR 587 (“
_Samuel Chai_ ”). There, this court clarified that LFE and LEC compensated
different losses and, therefore, were not strictly alternative to each other.
Citing _Smith v Manchester Corporation_ [1974] 1 KIR 1 (“ _Smith_ ”), it
accepted the view that LFE referred to the difference between post-accident
and pre-accident incomes or rates of income; and LEC addressed the loss
arising from the weakening of the plaintiff’s competitive position in the open
labour market, even though at the time of the assessment of damages the
plaintiff was still in employment and did not suffer from any immediate loss
of income.

10 As LFE and LEC are distinct and not alternate measures, a plaintiff would
bear the burden of providing sufficient evidence for each of these heads of
damages if claimed for. At the High Court, the Judge found that the Respondent
had established a claim to LFE on the following bases (the Judgment at [54]):

(a) that, but for the accident, it was likely that the Respondent would pass
the Polytechnic examinations and graduate with the Diploma;

(b) that, but for the accident, the Respondent would have gone on to attain a
monthly gross pay of $1,610 which may reach a maximum of $6,600; and

(c) that, due to her injuries, the Respondent would probably be unable to
complete the Polytechnic course.

11 It is, therefore, necessary for us to examine whether there was sufficient
evidence for the Judge to have made those findings and, consequently, whether
he was justified to hold that the Respondent was entitled to claim for LFE.
Specifically, the issues which we would need to consider are these:

(a) whether there was sufficient evidence for the Judge to arrive at his
findings:

(i) that the Respondent would have obtained the Diploma but for the injuries
suffered from the accident; and

(ii) that she would fail to obtain the Diploma due to the said injuries; and

(b) whether, considering the evidence that was before the court, the
multiplicand-multiplier formula used by the Judge to calculate the
Respondent’s loss was too speculative.

Was it likely that the Respondent, if not for the accident, would have passed
the Polytechnic examinations and graduated with the Diploma?

12 On the evidence, it seems to us that there was no real dispute between the
parties that the Respondent would likely have passed the Polytechnic
examinations and graduated with the Diploma if not for the accident. Let us
explain. We note that counsel for the Appellant had cross-examined the
Respondent with the intention of showing that she would have passed the
Polytechnic examinations _in spite of_ her injuries, and this was commented
upon by the Judge (the Judgment at [60]). For this appeal, the Appellant even
submitted that the Respondent’s results showed that she had an equal, if not
better, chance of passing the prescribed examinations after the accident.
Therefore, we agree with the Judge that the Respondent, if not for the
accident, would have graduated with the Diploma, given her academic results in
both her PSLE and “O” Level examinations.

Was it likely that the Respondent would have failed the Polytechnic course due
to her injuries?

13 For the record, the Respondent’s results at the Polytechnic were as
follows:

Module |  Credit Unit |  Grade |  Attempt |  Remarks  
---|---|---|---|---  
Business Communication 1 |  4 |  D |  1 |   
Business Statistics |  4 |  F |  1 |  Repeat  
Computing & Info Processing |  4 |  C |  1 |   
Creativity and Applied Thinking Skills |  2 |  A |  1 |   
Microeconomics |  4 |  F |  1 |  Repeat  
Organisational Behaviour |  4 |  D |  1 |   
Sports and Wellness |  2 |  PX |  1 |   
Business Computing Applications |  4 |  F |  1 |  Repeat  
Business Statistics |  4 |  D |  2 |   
Individual and the Community |  2 |  D |  1 |   
Life Management Skills |  2 |  C |  1 |   
Microeconomics |  4 |  D |  2 |   
Business Etiquette & Image |  2 |  B |  1 |   
Business Law |  4 |  F |  1 |  Repeat  
Business Management |  4 |  D |  1 |   
Decision Support with Spreadsheets |  4 |  D+ |  2 |   
Macroeconomics |  4 |  F |  1 |  Repeat  
Principles of Accounting |  4 |  F |  1 |  Repeat  
Understanding Relationships: Love & Sexuality |  2 |  C+ |  1 |   
  
  

14 In a sense, the issue of whether or not it was likely that the Respondent
would have failed the Polytechnic course due to her injuries had become
academic by the time this appeal came up for hearing before the Judge as the
Respondent had already failed to pass the prescribed examinations and would
not be accorded the Diploma by the Polytechnic. Indeed, even before the AR
rendered his decision, the Respondent sought to admit the fresh evidence that
the Polytechnic had just announced that the Respondent had failed to pass the
examination and would not be granted the Diploma. The AR refused to admit this
fresh evidence on the ground of some other delays on the part of the
Respondent and/or her counsel. Before the Judge, objection was taken by the
Appellant to any reference to the fact that the Respondent had failed to
obtain the Diploma. The argument, which was run by the Appellant before the AR
and the Judge, was that notwithstanding the results of the Respondent’s
examinations for the first four semesters at the Polytechnic, where she failed
in a number of subjects, it was nevertheless probable that the Respondent
would _pass_ the Polytechnic course despite her cognitive disabilities for the
following reasons:

(a) the Respondent had a remarkable determination to succeed;

(b) post-injuries, the Respondent had scored an A, a B, and several Cs in her
three semesters at the Polytechnic;

(c) the Respondent was able to commute independently, use a handphone and a
computer, and attend her classes and examinations;

(d) the Respondent had not sustained permanent disability; and

(e) it was unlikely that the Respondent had suffered or would suffer any
deterioration of her intellectual functioning.

15 It seems to us that the question of whether the Respondent had suffered any
impairment to her mental and intellectual faculties, which would impede her
completing the Diploma course, must be determined in the light of the medical
evidence as well as other relevant objective evidence. The points made by the
Appellant in the preceding paragraph, other than point (b), are mere arguments
and not evidence which would help the court to make a finding on that
question. In particular, point (c) adds little as even a ten-year-old child
can take public transport, use a handphone, operate a computer and attend
classes. The ability to do those things does not show that the Respondent
would be able to pass the prescribed examination for the Diploma. In this
regard, we ought to mention that it is not true that the Respondent had no
trouble in locating her classroom (see [23] below).

(1) Relevant medical evidence

16 The medical evidence in relation to the Respondent’s cognitive disabilities
came from four experts: Dr Chong Piang Ngok (“Dr Chong”), Dr Lim Yun Chin (“Dr
Lim”), and Ms Elizabeth Pang Peck Hia (“Ms Pang”) for the Respondent; and Dr
Calvin Fones Soon Leong (“Dr Fones”) for the Appellant. We will now briefly
address the medical evidence of these four experts.

17 All these experts conducted their examinations of the Respondent in the
year 2008, some four years after the accident. Dr Chong conducted one
examination on the Respondent on 10 April 2008. Dr Lim conducted a mental
state examination on the Respondent in June 2008. Ms Pang examined the
Respondent twice on 11 and 14 June 2008. Dr Fones examined the Respondent on 4
August 2008. These experts also had access to medical reports prepared by
doctors who had previously treated the Respondent for her injuries (“the
Earlier Medical Reports”).

(A) Dr Chong

18 Dr Chong was the first of the four experts to examine the Respondent. He is
a Consultant Neurologist & Physician with P N Chong Neurology Clinic at Mt
Elizabeth Medical Centre. Dr Chong’s report was rather straightforward.[note:
1] He simply noted the Respondent’s complaints and did an examination of her
physical injuries. In cross-examination, Dr Chong conceded that the
examination was concluded in 30 minutes. An excerpt of his opinion is as
follows:

I will be very surprise [_sic_] if there are no cognitive deficits following
such severe injuries. I am quite sure that there will be some deterioration in
her mental capacity. My opinion is based on the nature of the injuries, and
the subsequent course of her schooling. However, I strongly suggest that a
formal “quantitative” neuropsychological assessment be done.

19 It would seem that Dr Chong’s opinion was based essentially on what was
stated in the Earlier Medical Reports. He did not subject the Respondent to
any tests and only conducted a short interview and physical examination.

(B) Dr Lim

20 Dr Lim is a Consultant in Psychological Medicine at Raffles Hospital. His
report dated 2 July 2008 shows that he conducted a mental state examination on
the Respondent in June 2008. He made reference to Dr Chong’s assessment that
the brain injuries were very severe. He also referred the Respondent to Ms
Pang for neuropsychological testing and, based on the results that came back,
he was of the opinion that there was deterioration of the Respondent’s
intellectual functioning from her pre-accident state.

(C) Ms Pang

21 Ms Pang is a Consultant Clinical Psychologist with Raffles Counselling
Centre, Raffles Hospital. She examined the Respondent twice, on 11 and 14 June
2008. She had access to the Earlier Medical Reports, the Respondent’s
examination results from the Polytechnic and her primary and secondary school
report books, which included assessments of her personality by her teachers.
Moreover, Ms Pang also conducted a WAIS-III test (intelligence) and a WMS-III
test (memory) on the Respondent.

22 The WAIS-III test revealed that the Respondent was functioning within the
Low Average intellectual range, based on her Full Scale Intelligence Quotient.
The tests conducted on the Respondent included tests such as Digit Span,
Information, Arithmetic, Picture Completion, and Matrix Reasoning. Using the
Respondent’s pre-accident academic qualifications as a yardstick, Ms Pang
opined that the Respondent would have previously functioned within the Average
range, and had suffered deterioration in her intellectual functioning as a
result of the accident.

23 The WMS-III test results indicated that the Respondent’s memory functioning
was lower than expected, given her current intellectual functioning (Low
Average). Her memory indices, save for one, were within the Extremely Low or
Borderline range. The results also suggested that she had difficulty retaining
and retrieving information. The Respondent’s performance was consistent with
her reported difficulty in navigating the campus as she would sometimes be
unable to locate classrooms even with the help of a map.

24 In her opinion, Ms Pang did not think that further cognitive improvement
was likely given that almost four years had elapsed since the time of the
accident.

25 Counsel for the Appellant took pains to cross-examine Ms Pang and Dr Lim on
the WAIS-III and WMS-III tests in detail. The Appellant did not raise any
issue in the present appeal as to the reliability of the tests or the way in
which they were conducted. We share the view of the Judge that Ms Pang had
conducted the tests in considerable detail and had ably, in cross-examination,
defended the way she carried out the tests.

(D) Dr Fones

26 Dr Fones is a Consultant Psychiatrist practising at Fones Clinic. He was
previously the Head of the Department of Psychological Medicine, National
University of Singapore and Chief and Senior Consultant Psychiatrist of the
Department of Psychological Medicine, NUH.

27 He performed a mental state examination on the Respondent on 4 August 2008.
He opined that there was some degree of cognitive deficit, including memory
loss, which was expected following the type of brain injury suffered by the
Respondent. Having considered the Earlier Medical Reports, he assessed her
brain injury as a moderately severe traumatic brain injury. He pointed to her
prolonged period of post traumatic amnesia (of more than a month) as a
predictor of poorer outcome and residual cognitive deficits. He also agreed
that Ms Pang’s findings were consistent with his.

(2) Assessing the medical evidence

28 It seems to us that of the four experts, the evidence of Ms Pang was the
most comprehensive and reliable. We also note that Dr Fones, the expert for
the Appellant, essentially agreed with Ms Pang’s evidence.

29 On the evidence, it is quite clear that the Respondent would have
difficulty sitting for and passing the examinations required for the Diploma
given that she suffers from memory impairment, to the extent that she had
difficulty navigating her own school campus. Even the AR, who heard the
medical evidence, thought that there was a “real possibility” that the
Respondent might fail the Polytechnic examinations leaving her with only her
“O” level certificate. Accordingly, we hold that it has been proven that the
Respondent would not pass the Polytechnic course as a result of her cognitive
impairment. Her ability to remember things is significantly affected. The
Appellant relied greatly on the fact that the Respondent obtained an A for one
of her subjects. But the fact of the matter is that the Respondent is required
to pass all her subjects to obtain the Diploma. Doing well in one subject,
which was a non-core subject, is hardly sufficient to show that she could pass
all the required examinations to obtain the Diploma.

30 Before moving away from this issue we would like to make this observation.
We think, as did the Judge, that it was wrong for the AR not to have admitted
the fresh evidence on the Respondent’s failure to obtain the Diploma, evidence
which was vital to the assessment and which was not evidence that the
Respondent could have produced earlier. The argument on this issue, which was
canvassed in disregard of this fresh evidence, was wholly unreal as the
Respondent’s examination results at the Polytechnic confirmed the views of the
medical experts.

Whether the Judge was wrong to have awarded LFE

31 Having decided that the Respondent would likely have failed to acquire the
Diploma from the Polytechnic due to the injuries sustained by her from the
accident, and having also decided that the Respondent was entitled to damages
based on LFE, the Judge adopted the following figures to calculate the
multiplicand:

(a) $1,610 (based on the Ministry of Manpower’s schedule of monthly gross
starting pay of polytechnic graduates in full-time permanent employment in the
year 2006 by course: Business Studies); and

(b) $6,600 (the monthly salary of a Grade 1 officer in the civil service
holding a polytechnic diploma, according to a letter from the Polytechnic).

The Judge took the difference between $6,600, being the highest salary a
diploma holder would get in the civil service, and $1,610, being the starting
pay for the average Business Studies diploma holder, and arrived at the mean
figure of $4,105. He then took half of $4,105, being $2,050, as the difference
between what the Respondent would have earned as a diploma holder and what she
would have earned as someone with only “O” level qualifications.

(1) The career model

32 At this juncture, we will make some brief observations on the career model
adopted by the Judge, before proceeding to consider whether this is an
appropriate case to award LFE.

33 In _Herring v Ministry of Defence_ [2004] 1 All ER 44 (“ _Herring_ ”), the
plaintiff, who was at the time of the court hearing unemployed, was at the
time he was injured pursuing a Higher National Diploma course in law (which he
completed despite the accident) with a view to joining the police force.
Previously the plaintiff had worked as a qualified sports coach and lifeguard
in a leisure centre. Because of the injuries sustained, the plaintiff could no
longer join the police force. The court adopted the pay scale of the police
force as the career model to determine the plaintiff’s LFE. This statement of
Potter LJ at [24] of _Herring_ is germane:

In the situation of a young claimant who has not yet been in employment at the
time of injury but is still in education or has otherwise not embarked on his
career, or (as in this case) one who has taken time out from employment in
order to acquire a further qualification for a desired change of direction, it
may or may not be appropriate to select a specific career model in his chosen
field. In this connection the court will have regard to the claimant’s
previous performance, expressed intentions and ambitions, the opportunities
reasonably open to him and any steps he has already taken to pursue a
particular path. In many cases it will not be possible to identify a specific
career model and it may be necessary simply to resort to national average
earnings figures for persons of the claimant’s ability and qualifications in
his likely field(s) of activity. In other cases, however, it may be possible
with confidence to select a career model appropriate to be used as the
multiplicand for calculating loss. In either case, the purpose and function of
the exercise is simply to select an appropriate “baseline” for calculation of
the claimant’s probable future earnings whatever his future occupation may in
fact turn out to be. Thus if the career model chosen is based upon a specific
occupation (such as the police force in this case), the chance or possibility
that the claimant will not in the event enter that occupation or, having done
so, may leave it, will not be significant if the likelihood is that he will
find alternative employment at a similar level of remuneration.

We share the views of Potter LJ, and recognise that in order for the court to
make an award for LFE, there has to be some reasonably objective premise for
the court to determine the multiplicand. The issue is, therefore, whether such
reasonably objective premise is available in the present case.

34 Although the Respondent was not able to produce any more concrete evidence
to prove her actual loss other than the scales of salaries applicable in the
civil service to those people with a polytechnic business diploma (ranging
from $1,500 per month for a Grade 6 officer to $6,600 for a Grade 1 officer),
this was clearly understandable as she had yet to commence on any career at
the time of the accident. It would be unfair to penalise her for being unable
to come up with better evidence in the form of solid figures. In fact, when
the Respondent was cross-examined by counsel on the basis that she would
eventually obtain the Diploma, she was asked what she could earn in the civil
service with that qualification. Further, in the Respondent’s affidavit of
evidence-in-chief, she had stated the diversity of career opportunities that
would have been available to her had she earned the Diploma:

... I wish to say that a graduate in Diploma in Business Studies will find job
openings in business development, corporate ventures, corporate investments,
business management, human resource management, marketing executive, etc.

Therefore, it would appear to us that the civil service provides a reasonable
career model to base an award of LFE, where the claimant is a student with a
broad range of career opportunities ahead of him or her and it is unclear
which career path he or she will eventually take. We do not for a moment say
that in every case where the court makes an award of LFE there is no element
of speculation. It is obvious that any determination based on future events,
as an award of LFE would be, must necessarily involve some degree of
speculation: see _Paul v Rendell_ (1981) 55 ALJR 371 at 372.

35 As we see it, the only problem in this case which stands in the way of an
award of LFE being based on the civil service pay scale for polytechnic
diploma holders is the fact that the Respondent had said in court that her
intention was to go into the food business. How should the court view this
answer? It seems to us that this indication of her preference must be viewed
bearing in mind two circumstances. First, she had, as a result of the
accident, suffered serious head injuries with significant cognitive
impairment. Second, the answer was an indication of her interest in the light
of her condition then, when she was someone with only “O” level
qualifications. It is of note that she was specifically cross-examined on the
point. She said that she still had not decided on the kind of food business
she would eventually like to be engaged in. When pressed further, she said
that between dealing with food products and selling food, she preferred the
latter. We cannot imagine that when the Respondent first embarked on the
course at the Polytechnic, she had intended only to sell food in, say, a
hawker centre or a food court. We think that it is only fair that her answers
be viewed in the context of her cognitive impairment. It stands to reason that
no one in his or her right mind would pursue a course in business studies in a
polytechnic if all that he or she wanted to do was to set up a food stall to
sell food to the public. It would make no sense for that person to receive all
that education. Such a person must have intended to do something more
ambitious. Looked at objectively, there are numerous possibilities. The
Respondent’s affidavit of evidence-in-chief, quoted at [34] above, shows that.
In any event, going into the food business could mean a wide variety of
things, including working in a large food manufacturing company, working in
the food and beverage department of a large hospitality establishment, and
being in the business of importing and selling food stuff. What is clear is
that wanting to be involved in the food business does not necessarily mean
setting up a food stall, either entirely on your own or in collaboration with
partners. Therefore, unlike a career in the police force as in _Herring_ , the
food business is too broad and uncertain a field, and is thus unable to
provide a reasonable model for calculating the Respondent’s LFE. However, we
would emphasise that where a claimant had indicated a clear intention to enter
a particular occupation, where there is a strong probability that he would be
able to enter that occupation, and where that occupation provides a
sufficiently certain career model for the estimation of LFE, the court would
adopt that occupation as the appropriate career model instead of adopting the
civil service pay scale.

36 In this case, what the Judge in effect did was to use the available
evidence and arrive at what he felt was a fair career model. His approach is
consistent with the principle in _Herring_ , quoted at [33] above, that the
possibility that the claimant will not in the event enter the specific
occupation chosen in the career model will not be significant if the
likelihood is that he or she will find alternative employment _at a similar
level of remuneration_. Therefore, the civil service career model ought to be
adopted should we decide to award LFE whether now in the present appeal or, if
a provisional damages order is considered more appropriate, at a future point
in time.

(2) The distinction between LFE and LEC

37 Normally, damages on the basis of LFE are awarded when the injured party is
unable to go back to his pre-accident employment and has to take on a lower
paying job. In such a case, the loss will be calculated based on a multiplier
and a multiplicand, the multiplicand being the monthly loss in pay and the
multiplier being the appropriate period over which to compute the loss. In
contrast, where the injured party does not suffered an immediate wage
reduction (_eg_ , due to the compassion of the then employer: see _Smith_) but
there is a risk that he may lose that employment at some point in the future
and he may, as a result of his injury, be at a disadvantage in getting another
job or getting an equally well-paid job in the open market, then the LEC would
be the correct basis to compensate him for the loss.

38 However, where the injured party is a young child or a student who has yet
to enter the employment market, the situation poses a special challenge. In
_Teo Sing Keng & Anor v Sim Ban Kiat_ [1994] 1 SLR(R) 340, this court stated
at [40] that an award for LEC is _generally_ made “where there is no available
evidence of the plaintiff’s earnings to enable the court to properly calculate
future earnings, for example, young children who have no earnings on which to
base an assessment for loss of future earnings”. But there is nothing in
principle which precludes the award of LFE to an injured party who has yet to
embark on a career provided that there are sufficient objective facts or
evidence to enable the court to reasonably make the assessment. It does not
necessarily follow that just because an injured party was still studying at
the time the injury was sustained it would not be possible to award him
damages based on LFE.

39 There have been a number of cases in the past where damages based on LFE
have been awarded to an injured party who has yet to enter the employment
market. One example is the case of _Lai Chi Kay and others v Lee Kuo Shin_
[1981-1982] SLR(R) 71 (“ _Lai Chi Kay_ ”), which illustrates that not being in
employment at the time of the accident is not an impediment to the grant of
LFE. There, a fourth year medical student from Hong Kong, who was then
studying at the University of Singapore and who could not complete his medical
course on account of the injuries sustained by him, was awarded damages for
LFE calculated on the basis of the mean between the maximum and minimum
salaries in the Hong Kong Medical Service. In this case, the basis for an
award of LFE is clear and objective – prior to the accident, the claimant was
about to complete a specialised education to enter a specific occupation, _ie_
the medical profession; after the accident, he was unable to complete the
course and therefore unable to draw the level of salary associated with
doctors.

40 In _Tham Yew Heng and another v Chong Toh Cheng_ [1983-1984] SLR(R) 782 (“
_Tham Yew Heng_ ”), the court made an award based on LFE to a nine-year-old
boy, whose school performance deteriorated rather badly after the accident
such that it was “extremely remote” that he would be able to complete his
secondary education. The court took a conservative multiplicand of $200 per
month in view of the uncertainties and a multiplier of 20 years.

41 A third case which may be referred to is _Peh Diana and another v Tan Miang
Lee_ [1991] 1 SLR(R) 22 (“ _Diana Peh_ ”). There, the High Court awarded LFE
to a sixteen-year-old student who suffered from permanent disabilities and was
unable to continue attending a normal school after the accident. We should
clarify that while _Diana Peh_ came under review in the later case of _Chang
Ah Lek and others v Lim Ah Koon_ [1998] 3 SLR(R) 551, this was not in relation
to the award of LFE but to the proposition made in _Diana Peh_ that the
principles governing an appeal from the High Court Judge to the Court of
Appeal also applied to an appeal from the Registrar to the High Court.

42 Again, there was a clear basis for awarding LFE in these last two cases –
prior to the accident, the claimants were likely to obtain at least “O” level
qualifications; after the accident, they had to discontinue school and thus
suffered from a reduction of future income. While the quantification exercises
in these two cases were admittedly much more uncertain than that in _Lai Chi
Kay_ as the claimants were of young age and the assessment of LFE was thus
necessarily more speculative, it should be borne in mind that a provisional
award of LEC was not available as an alternative then as the relevant
legislation had not yet been enacted. Otherwise, _Diana Peh_ might well have
been an appropriate case to award provisional damages, which could be reviewed
after five years when the claimant would “probably have reconciled herself
with her own physical condition and start to live normally” (_Diana Peh_ at
[39]). On the other hand, _Tham Yew Heng_ might not have been an appropriate
case to award provisional damages due to the long period of time that would
have had to elapse before clarity could be provided to the claimant’s
employment prospects, given that the claimant was only nine years old.
However, we would leave such a scenario to be considered in an appropriate
case in the future.

43 The Appellant has in his Case referred to a number of cases involving
students who were injured and who were only awarded LEC, _ie_ , _Tan Yu Min
Winston v Uni-Fruitveg Pte Ltd_ [2008] 4 SLR(R) 825(“ _Winston Tan_ ”);
_Muhamad Ilyas bin Mirza Abdul Hamid v Kwek Khim Hui_ [2004] SGHC 12; _Lim
Yuen Li Eugene v Singapore Shuttle Bus Service Pte Ltd_ [2005] SGHC 189; and
_Clark Jonathan Michael v Lee Khee Chung_ [2010] 1 SLR 209. These cases were
explained and distinguished by the Judge at [52] of the Judgment. We need say
no more on them.

(3) Our determination

44 Here, the injured Respondent had, before the accident, the intellectual
capacity to pass seven “O” level subjects and could have gained admission to a
junior college but instead chose to enrol in the Polytechnic because she
wanted to undertake business studies. The evidence quite clearly suggests
that, barring any unforeseen events, the Respondent would have completed the
course and obtained the Diploma. Now because of the cognitive injuries
sustained by her from the accident, her hope of obtaining the Diploma is
forever gone. As stated in [37] above, a plaintiff is typically awarded LEC
where he or she continues to be in employment and suffers no immediate loss of
income, but would suffer a disadvantage on account of the injury sustained if
he or she should lose that current job and have to look for a new job in the
open market. As a young child or a student would not have entered the
employment market, there can be no immediate loss of income; but to make a
_final_ award of only LEC on account of the fact that the young child or
student has not yet suffered any loss of income is to apply a principle to a
set of circumstances to which that principle was never intended to apply. One
must not lose sight of the rationale of compensation for a tort committed,
especially where the injuries caused to a young person are severe and the
consequence to his or her future employability grim.

45 We recognise that for this purpose there is a distinct difference between,
say, a young child of five years old and a student like the Respondent who has
completed her “O” levels and has embarked on tertiary education, _ie_ a
polytechnic course. In the case of a five-year-old child, admittedly it would
be difficult to reasonably predict what that child would become. Will he
graduate from university and become a doctor, lawyer or engineer? Is medical
science able to provide an answer? Fortunately, we are not here concerned with
such a child. Here, the Respondent, if not for the accident, would have
probably completed the Diploma and started work, whether in the food business
or the civil service or any other job. All she has now is her “O” level
certificate. Further, there is evidence, and indeed even without such evidence
common sense will also tell us, that a polytechnic graduate will command a
higher wage than an “O” level holder within most occupations.

46 However, there remain two difficulties to the immediate award of LFE in the
present case. Firstly, while the Respondent was said to be earning about $800
a month as a data entry clerk at the time of the hearing of this appeal, it is
unclear whether this was only a temporary or transitional arrangement, and it
is also unclear what her full scope of career options will be until she has
adjusted fully to her injuries. She may well embark on a career path that does
not draw a significant distinction between diploma holders and “O” level
holders, and thus draw a level of earnings that is comparable to that which
she would have obtained with the Diploma. In such a situation, the Respondent
may suffer a lower LFE than that estimated by the Judge, or may even not
suffer any actual LFE. Therefore, the situation here is distinct from that in
_Lai Chi Kay_ , where the LFE had clearly crystallised as the claimant was no
longer able to embark on his career as a doctor and where it was in fact
“highly improbable” that he would ever be gainfully employed.

47 Secondly, the present award for LFE may, on the other hand, amount to
under-compensation if the Respondent were to remain in jobs with a pay-scale
similar to her present data entry job. While damages are presently assessed
upon the assumption that she would be able to hold down jobs with her “O”
levels qualifications, her cognitive impairment may be such that she is, in
reality, not able to perform to the level expected of an employee with those
qualifications. If this were indeed the case, the multiplicand may have to be
significantly higher than that determined by the Judge. Therefore, in the
light of these uncertainties, the interests of justice may be better served by
allowing for a review of damages awarded after a certain number of years when
the Respondent’s employment situation and prospects become clearer.

48 Ultimately, in all cases involving an award of LFE, the court is to an
extent engaged in crystal ball gazing and peering into the future. In the case
of a person who is already in employment before he sustained the injury, the
element of speculation and uncertainty could be said to be less as compared to
a case involving a student like the Respondent here. It was for this reason,
and also to enable the court to come to a figure which is even more just, that
we suggested, during the course of oral arguments, to the parties that they
look into the question of whether this would be an appropriate case for the
court to grant provisional damages pursuant to the powers accorded under
paragraph 16 of the First Schedule to the Supreme Court of Judicature Act (Cap
322, 2007 Rev Ed) (“Paragraph 16”).

(4) Provisional damages

49 The previous position in Singapore, as well as in England, was that damages
were assessed on a once-and-for-all basis. Paragraph 16, which came into
operation on 1 July 1993, provides that the court shall have the “[p]ower to
award in any action for damages for personal injuries, provisional damages
assessed on the assumption that a _contingency_ will not happen and further
damages at a future date if the contingency happens” [emphasis added]. Counsel
for the parties took different views as to the term “contingency”. The
Respondent contended that the contingency must relate to a mental or physical
disability of the plaintiff victim whereas the Appellant argued that the term,
which is not defined in the Supreme Court of Judicature Act, should be given
its ordinary meaning so as to encompass “a multifarious variety of
differencing events that may or may not happen at a later point in time”. The
Appellant asserted that Paragraph 16 confers power on the court to make a
provisional damages award “on the basis that a contingency will not happen and
keep the door open as it were, for further damages at a future date if the
contingency does happen”.

50 In this regard, we ought to mention that while Paragraph 16 was modelled
after the English provisions enacted in s 32A of the Supreme Court Act 1981 (c
54) (UK), Paragraph 16 is drafted much more widely than the English
provisions. The relevant part of the English provision reads:

32A – (1) This section applies to an action for damages for personal injuries
in which there is proved or admitted to be a chance that at some definite or
indefinite time in the future the injured person will, as a result of the act
or omission which gave rise to the cause of action, develop some serious
disease or suffer some serious deterioration in his physical or mental
condition.

51 It can be seen that in England awards of provisional damages are limited to
the cases where there is a chance that the injured plaintiff will in the
future develop some serious disease or suffer some serious deterioration in
his or her physical or mental condition. This is unlike Paragraph 16 which is
worded more generally. To that extent, we are unable to accept the submission
of the Respondent that the contingency must be restricted to a physical or
mental condition. Undoubtedly, if the contingency relates to a physical or
mental condition (that would be a fact which could be objectively determined),
the injured plaintiff may ask for additional damages pursuant to the
provisional damages order should the contingency occur. However, there is no
reason why the contingency could not relate to some other future fact or
circumstance, so long as the occurrence of that fact or circumstance is
something which can be objectively determined. For example, if in the present
case the Respondent was still pursuing a polytechnic course and has, say, two
more years to go, failing to obtain the Diploma could be such a contingency.
Indeed this court had previously made a provisional award of LEC based on a
non-medical contingency, _ie_ , that the claimant’s “employment prospects can
be shown to be more severely prejudiced than assessed by [the trial judge]” in
the unreported decision of _Tan Yu Min Winston v Uni-Fruitveg Pte Ltd_ , Civil
Appeal No 94 of 2008 (the “ _Winston Tan_ appeal”).

52 However, the difficulty standing in the way of granting provisional damages
to the Respondent in this case lies in defining the precise contingency upon
which further damages should be awarded. In written submissions, counsel for
the Appellant made the suggestion that, adapting the English practice, the
court could make an order along the following lines:

(1) There be judgment for the plaintiff for immediate damages in the sum of
________ on the assumption that the plaintiff would not at a future date
suffer a loss of future earnings.

(2) If the plaintiff at a future date does suffer such loss, she shall be
entitled to apply for further damages.

(3) Such application shall be made within [specify period].

Counsel for the Appellant further suggested that the “contingency” in this
case would be “in relation to [the Respondent’s] education and/or
employment/business”.

53 As far as the Respondent’s education is concerned, she has already failed
her examinations for the Diploma. It is no longer a contingency. As stated
before, if she were still pursuing the Diploma, then her failure to obtain the
Diploma could constitute a contingency which would enable her to apply for
additional damages. As regards her employment/business, we agree that these
matters could logically be formulated as a contingency for this purpose,
following the decision in the _Winston Tan_ appeal. Provisional damages on the
basis of LEC could be awarded at the sum of $120,000 as assessed by the AR,
based on this contingency. However, we recognise that in order to avoid future
disputes, the contingency must be defined with greater precision than that
adopted in the _Winston Tan_ appeal.

54 Before proceeding to do so, we would clarify that the provisional award of
LEC in the present case is consistent with the holding in _Samuel Chai_ at
[20] that LFE and LEC are distinct measures and that “in the event that there
is a lack of sufficient evidence proving [LFE], this cannot, by itself,
convert a claim for [LFE] into a claim for LEC”. We are by no means suggesting
that the uncertainty over LFE here automatically leads to a provisional award
for LEC; instead, we are recognising that, _at the minimum_ , the Respondent’s
competitive position in the labour market is weakened by her failure to obtain
the Diploma. The Respondent’s LEC has been proven _independently_ of the issue
of whether her LFE will be proven at the re-assessment.

(A) The window for review

55 Normally, when provisional damages are awarded, a claimant is given the
liberty, within a specified period of time from the date of the judgment, to
apply for further damages upon the occurrence of a contingency relating to a
physical or mental disability. There is obviously a need to adapt this
approach where the contingency relates to business or employment. The primary
reason for making a provisional award for LEC in such cases is that any
immediate award of LFE would be highly speculative and thus it would be
appropriate that there be a further assessment at a future date when the
claimant’s employment situation and prospects become clearer. This period must
be of a sufficient duration so that it would achieve the objective of enabling
the court to come to a more accurate assessment of the LFE, if any. Moreover,
it has also to be of a duration which would act as a disincentive against
malingering by the claimant who may seek to remain unemployed or underemployed
in anticipation of a further assessment of damages. On the other hand, the
period should not be inordinately prolonged in the interest of finality.
Accordingly, we think there should be a prescribed minimum period of time that
has to elapse before an application for further assessment may be made.
Similarly, in order to ensure that this question of further damages is not
left open indefinitely, it is also necessary to fix a time period beyond which
no application for further damages can be made. At that point, the entire case
must come to an end.

56 Taking these considerations into account, we are of the opinion that a
minimum period of four years would suffice in the present case to provide
clarity on the Respondent’s employment situation, and to act as a disincentive
for malingering. We are mindful of the fact that the Respondent is presently
in her early 20s and starting out on her career, and that the evidence in
court shows that she is a determined and ambitious person. In our view, it
would not be to her advantage to suffer reduced earnings and put her career on
hold for four years in the hope of obtaining further compensation. Instead, we
will encourage her to continue to do her best to adjust to her injuries and
carry on bravely with life; should her best efforts not be sufficient after
four years, the court will then consider her application for further damages.

57 In determining the window period beyond which the Respondent should not be
able to make an application for further damages, we are conscious of the
Appellant’s need for closure. On balance, we think it fair that the outer time
limit should be six years from the date of judgment. In short, the Respondent
will have a window period of two years to make her application for re-
assessment.

(B) The contingency

58 In defining the precise contingency, we adopt the career model discussed at
[34]–[36] above in order to project the likely future income stream of the
Respondent but for the accident. Assuming a starting monthly salary of $1,610,
a maximum salary of $6,600 at the end of the multiplier period of 20 years,
and a constant rate of salary increment, the average compounded rate of salary
increment would be 7.3% per annum. Taking the mid-point of the window period
for application for further assessment as five years, the Respondent’s
projected monthly salary at the time of re-assessment is estimated to be
$2,290. While these involve relatively uncomplicated computations that could
be easily performed by a scientific calculator, the relevant mathematical
formulae shall be provided for the avoidance of doubt:

(a) 1610 x (1 + _r_)20 = 6600, where _r_ is the average compounded rate of
salary increment per annum (in decimals) and is equal to 0.073 when the
equation is solved;

(b) 1610 x (1 + 0.073)5 = 2290.

59 The Respondent will be taken to have suffered LFE should her actual monthly
income at the time of her application turn out to be less than 80% of her
projected monthly income, _ie_ less than $1,832. This 20% discount is applied
in order to ensure that an application for re-assessment would be entertained
only if the Respondent is significantly prejudiced. Furthermore, the job to
which the submitted income applies has to be held by the Respondent for a
continuous period of at least six months. Should the Respondent earn more than
$1,832 per month at any point of time prior to her existing job at the point
of application, she should adduce evidence to explain why she was unable to
keep that job or maintain that level of earnings. These two safeguards are
introduced to discourage malingering – the Respondent would not be able to
obtain further damages by switching to a low paying job just before her
application.

60 Should the Respondent be unemployed at the time of her application, she
would have to show that she has been unemployed for a continuous period of at
least six months and should also adduce evidence, medical or otherwise, to
show that she is incapable of holding down a permanent job.

(C) The further assessment

61 If the Respondent is found to meet the above criteria, she should be
awarded past loss of earnings for the period leading up to the date of re-
assessment and LFE for the remaining period after the re-assessment, with a
downward adjustment made for the amount that she would have already received
for LEC. Again, we would have to emphasise that this downward adjustment is
consistent with the holding in _Samuel Chai_ that LEC and LFE are distinct
measures – in the present case, the provisional award of LEC and the future
award of LFE, if any, are derived from identical compensatory factors, _ie_ ,
the cognitive impairment and the Respondent’s failure to obtain the Diploma.
In an appropriate case where the provisional award of LEC and the future award
of LFE are derived from distinct compensatory factors, no such discount would
be necessary. It should also be borne in mind that all these figures would
continue to be assessed at 60%, as that is the extent of the Appellant’s
liability for the accident.

62 The reference monthly salary for past loss of earnings should be based, for
the sake of simplicity, upon the mean of $1,610 and $2,290, _ie_ $1,950. For
example, assuming that the Respondent’s re-assessment is heard five years
later and that she has earned a total of $48,000 in that period, the relevant
quantum for past loss of earnings would be ($1,950 x 12 5) – $48,000 =
$69,000.

63 The reference monthly salary for the LFE should, similarly for the sake of
simplicity, be based upon the mean of $2,290 and $6,600, _ie_ $4,445. The
precise multiplicand would be a matter to be determined at the time of re-
assessment based on the evidence as to the Respondent’s salary and prospects
of salary increment. The relevant multiplier should be the difference between
the multiplier decided by the Judge, _ie_ 20 years, and the number of years
intervening between this judgment and re-assessment. Therefore, following from
the earlier example, if the Respondent were earning $800 per month with no
realistic prospect of salary increment, the relevant quantum for LFE would be
($4,445 – $800) x 12 x (20 – 5) = $656,100.

64 Based on the example set out in the preceding two paragraphs, the total
further compensation due to the Respondent, after adjusting for the
provisional award of LEC, would thus be ($69,000 + $656,100 – $120,000) x 60%
= $363,060. While it may appear from these figures that our approach of using
provisional damages would be even more generous to the Respondent than the
immediate award of LFE by the Judge, we would like to note that this would not
necessarily be the case, as the example here is based on a worst-case scenario
whereby the Respondent earns and is only able to earn $800 per month. Should
she turn out to earn marginally less than the threshold amount of $1,832 and
enjoy some prospect of salary increment, the total compensation that she would
receive would naturally be less than that awarded by the Judge. If she were to
recover well and earn beyond the threshold amount, she would not even be
entitled to a re-assessment. Therefore, while we acknowledge that the
methodology employed here remains an imperfect estimation of the actual loss
suffered by the Respondent, what it does is to introduce far greater certainty
and accuracy to our crystal ball gazing.

Whether the award for cognitive injuries of $40,000 should be reduced to
$25,000

65 We now turn to the second issue of this appeal. The Judge, having taken
into account that in _Er Hung Boon v Law Shyan En_ , District Court Suit No
1567 of 1997, a sum of $20,000 was awarded for memory impairment and bearing
in mind that the Respondent here also suffered a change of personality in
addition to memory impairment, thought it only fair that the amount awarded by
the AR for this sub-head of injury should be enhanced from $25,000 to $40,000.

66 In the recent case of _Winston Tan_ , an award of $90,000 was given for the
following disabilities arising out of a head injury:

(a)

slowed processing;

(b)

impaired memory retrieval;

(c)

anger management problem which required treatment with anti-depressants;

(d)

significant reduction from estimated pre-morbid status;

(e)

below average function in memory and verbal skills;

(f)

temperamental changes;

(g)

mild intellectual decline;

(h)

overall low average performance on all cognitive domains representing
significant reduction from estimated pre-morbid status;

(i)

problem with higher level planning;

(j)

difficulties with learning subjects which require conceptual processing; and

(k)

inability to perform tasks beyond simple repetitive jobs.

67 The disabilities suffered by the Respondent, according to the medical
experts, were in the main similar to those enumerated in _Winston Tan_. In the
present case, the Respondent would obtain a total of $110,000 for her head
injuries – $70,000 for the physical injuries and $40,000 for her cognitive
disabilities, a sum slightly higher than that awarded in _Winston Tan_.

68 In _Samuel Chai_ at [48], the Court of Appeal commented that “sub-
itemisation” of what was essentially one single head injury could give rise to
over-compensation. In this regard, the risk of overlap should always be borne
in mind: see _Akhinur Nashu Kazi v Chong Siak Hong (trading as Hong Hwa Marine
Services)_ [2009] SGHC 138\. What is important to note is that, here, the
Respondent has suffered rather significant cognitive disabilities, to the
extent that she had difficulties navigating the Polytechnic campus even with
the aid of a map. Unlike _Winston Tan_ , where the injured party,
notwithstanding his head injuries, _continued to complete the polytechnic
course with above average grades, the Respondent here failed to graduate_. In
this case the AR granted a global sum of $95,000 for the head injuries
sustained by the Respondent (including a sum of $25,000 for cognitive
disabilities). On account of the sum in respect of cognitive disabilities
being raised by the Judge from $25,000 to $40,000, the global sum for the
Respondent’s head injuries has become $110,000. While on the face of it this
sum is higher than the $90,000 granted in _Winston Tan_ , we are unable to say
that this enhancement renders the global award of $110,000 for the
Respondent’s head injuries clearly excessive. In the circumstances, we are not
minded to disturb the enhancement of the award for cognitive disabilities from
$25,000 to $40,000.

Conclusion

69 In the premises, we would substitute the sum awarded by the Judge for LFE
by making a provisional damage order on the basis of LEC at the sum assessed
by the AR of $120,000. The judgment below is accordingly modified. As the
Appellant has failed to have the sum awarded for cognitive impairment reduced
and as it was at the suggestion of the court that we have now made a
provisional damage order, we think it is only just that the Appellant should
forthwith bear part of the costs of this appeal. We would accordingly grant
the Respondent one-third of the costs of this appeal. We will leave it to the
re-assessment judge to determine how much of the remaining two-third costs of
this appeal (if any) should be granted to the Respondent. Much would have to
depend on the outcome of the re-assessment. For example, if at the re-
assessment the Respondent is held to be entitled to LFE at a sum no less than
the amount awarded by the Judge, then that would be a strong ground to further
grant the two-third costs of this appeal to the Respondent. The costs of the
re-assessment itself will be for the judge hearing the re-assessment to
decide.

70 There will be the usual consequential orders as well as liberty to apply.

* * *

[note: 1]ROA 3A 295

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 20 May 2011 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

