Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Lim Lye Hiang _v_ Official Assignee  
[2011] SGCA 56

Case Number| :| Civil Appeal No 195 of 2010  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 02 November 2011  
Tribunal/Court| :| Court of Appeal  
Coram| :|  Chao Hick Tin JA; Andrew Phang Boon Leong JA; V K Rajah JA  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Foo Soon Yien (Bernard & Rada Law Corporation) for the
appellant; Lim Yew Jin and Li Mingjie Jordon (Insolvency & Public Trustee's
Office) for the respondent.  
Parties| :|  Lim Lye Hiang — Official Assignee  
  
[LawNet Editorial Note: The decision from which this appeal arose is reported
at [2011] 1 SLR 707.]

2 November 2011| Judgment reserved.  
---|---  
  
V K Rajah JA (delivering the judgment of the court):

Introduction

1 This is an appeal by Lim Lye Hiang (“the appellant”) against the decision of
a High Court Judge (“the Judge”) in _Re Lim Lye Hiang, ex parte the Official
Assignee_ [2011] 1 SLR 707 (“the Judgment”).

The facts

2 Upon a petition of Keppel Bank of Singapore Limited, a bankruptcy order was
made against the appellant on 9 January 1998.

3 Separately, the appellant’s sister, Lim Lye Keow (“LLK”), had nominated the
appellant pursuant to s 25 of the Central Provident Fund Act (Cap 36, 2001 Rev
Ed) (“the CPFA”) to receive LLK’s Central Provident Fund (“CPF”) monies and
SingTel discounted shares (collectively, “the Monies”). LLK passed away on 14
March 2008, at which point the appellant was still an undischarged bankrupt.

4 On 18 September 2008, the CPF Board (“the Board”) sent a letter to the
appellant informing her that although she had been nominated by LLK to receive
the Monies, the Monies would instead be released to the Official Assignee
(“the OA”) because she was an undischarged bankrupt. Although this letter was
copied to the OA, it had no record of receiving the letter. As a result, no
action was taken by the OA to claim the Monies from the Board.

5 On 26 June 2009, the Board sent an e-mail to the OA. The Board referred to
its earlier letter of 18 September 2008 and requested the OA’s instructions
for the transfer of the Monies to it if the appellant was an undischarged
bankrupt. Again, the OA had no record of receiving this e-mail and no action
was taken on its part to claim the Monies.

6 On 16 October 2009, the OA filed a report to the court (“the Discharge
Report”) in support of its application to discharge the appellant from
bankruptcy. By this time, the OA had admitted proofs of debt lodged by 13
creditors totalling $1,179,422.68, and had published a notice that it intended
to declare a first and final dividend. The last day for receipt of proofs of
debt had expired on 12 May 2008. The Discharge Report stated, _inter alia_ ,
that:

(a) The OA intended to declare a first and final dividend of about 0.989% to
the creditors (_ie_ , of about $11,664).

(b) The appellant had no further realisable assets.

(c) A period of more than 11 years had elapsed since the bankruptcy order.

(d) The appellant was 52 years old and was employed as a kitchen helper
earning a net monthly salary of about $800. The appellant had been making
regular contributions of between $50 to $150 per month to her estate in
bankruptcy.

(e) The OA had completed the administration of the appellant’s case.

7 On 13 November 2009, the court granted an order discharging the appellant
from bankruptcy (“the Discharge Order”) pursuant to s 124 of the Bankruptcy
Act (Cap 20, 2009 Rev Ed) (“the BA”), without any conditions attached.

8 On 12 January 2010, the appellant attempted to claim the Monies from the
Board. The Board did not accede to her claim. Instead, on 14 January 2010, the
Board wrote to the OA again by e-mail. It referred to its previous letter on
18 September 2008 and e-mail on 26 June 2009, and requested the OA to give
instructions for the transfer of the Monies to it if the appellant remained an
undischarged bankrupt.

9 The OA responded immediately. On the same day (_ie_ , 14 January 2010), the
OA instructed the Board to forward the Monies to the OA. The Board then
requested confirmation that the Monies were to be forwarded to the OA even
though the appellant had already been discharged from bankruptcy. The OA
confirmed that the Monies were to be forwarded to it for administration. Later
that day, the Board informed the appellant that it had been instructed to
release the Monies to the OA.

10 On 24 February 2010, the Board wrote to the OA informing the OA that the
Monies, amounting to $102,614.84, had been transferred to its bank account.
The Board expressed its belief that the Monies vested in the OA and that the
appellant’s discharge did not alter that position. This letter was copied to
the appellant. On 2 March 2010, the Monies were received in the OA’s bank
account.

11 On 12 May 2010, the OA filed Summons No 600059 of 2010 (“the Summons”)
seeking, _inter alia_ , an order that the Monies be divisible among the
appellant’s creditors and payable to them as dividends on the basis that the
Monies were property which had devolved on the appellant on 14 March 2008 (the
date of LLK’s death), notwithstanding that the Monies were received by the OA
_after_ the appellant’s discharge from bankruptcy.

The statutory provisions

12 Before we provide a summary of the Judge’s decision and the issues raised
in this appeal, it is convenient that we first set out the relevant statutory
provisions. The relevant provisions in the CPFA at the time of LLK’s death on
14 March 2008 were as follows:

**Authorisation and conditions for withdrawal from Fund**

**15.** —(1) No sum of money standing to the credit of a member of the Fund
may be withdrawn from the Fund except with the authority of the Board.

...

(5) **_After the death of a member of the Fund, a person nominated by that
member in accordance with section 25(1) shall be entitled to withdraw_** ,
from the balance standing to the credit of that member in the Fund ... such
portion of that balance as is set out in the memorandum executed in accordance
with section 25 (1).

...

**Withdrawals**

**20.** —(1) Upon an application for the withdrawal of the sum of money
standing to the credit of a member of the Fund by a person entitled thereto
under section 15, **_the Board may authorise the payment_** to the applicant
of such sum as the member is entitled to withdraw from the Fund ... or, if the
applicant is **_a nominee appointed in accordance with section 25 (1), such
portion of the sum as he is nominated to receive_**.

...

(3) All applications for withdrawal shall be supported by such evidence as may
be prescribed and by such further evidence as the Board may reasonably
require.

...

**Moneys payable on death of member**

**25.** —(1) Any member of the Fund **_may by a memorandum executed in the
manner prescribed by the Board_** nominate a person or persons to receive in
his or their own right such portions of the amount payable on his death out of
the Fund under section 20 (1) or of any shares designated under section 26 (1)
as the memorandum shall indicate.

[emphasis added in bold italics]

13 The relevant provisions in the BA at the time of LLK’s death were as
follows:

**Interpretation**

**2.** —(1) In this Act, unless the context otherwise requires —

...

“debt provable in bankruptcy” or “provable debt” means any debt or liability
that is made provable in bankruptcy under this Act;

...

**_“property” includes money, goods, things in action_** , land and every
description of property wherever situated and also obligations and every
description of interest, whether present or future or vested or contingent,
arising out of or incidental to, property;

...

**Review by court of Official Assignee’s act, omission or decision**

**31.** —(1) If a bankrupt or any of his creditors or any other person is
dissatisfied by any act, omission or decision of the Official Assignee in
relation to the Official Assignee’s administration of the bankrupt’s estate,
he may apply to the court to review such act, omission or decision.

(2) On hearing an application under subsection (1), the court may —

(_a_) confirm, reverse or modify any act or decision of the Official Assignee;
or

(_b_) give such directions to the Official Assignee or make such other order
as it may think fit.

...

**Commencement and duration of bankruptcy**

**75.** — The bankruptcy of any person who has been adjudged bankrupt by a
bankruptcy order (whether made against him or against the firm in which he is
a partner) shall —

(_a_) commence on the day when the bankruptcy order is made; and

(_b_) **_continue until he is discharged_** under Part VIII.

**Effect of bankruptcy order**

**76.** —(1) **_On the making of a bankruptcy order_** —

(_a_) **_the property of the bankrupt shall_** —

(i) **_vest in the Official Assignee without any further conveyance,
assignment or transfer_** ; and

(ii) become divisible among his creditors;

...

**Description of bankrupt’s property divisible amongst creditors**

**78.** —(1) **_The property of the bankrupt divisible among his creditors
(referred to in this Act as the bankrupt’s estate) shall comprise_** —

(_a_) **_all such property_** as belongs to or is vested in the bankrupt at
the commencement of his bankruptcy **_or is acquired by or devolves on him
before his discharge_** ; and

(_b_) the capacity to exercise and to take proceedings for exercising all such
powers in or over or in respect of property as might have been exercised by
the bankrupt for his own benefit at the commencement of his bankruptcy or
before his discharge.

...

**Claims by unsatisfied creditors**

**118.** —(1) A creditor who has not proved his debt before the declaration of
any dividend shall not be entitled to disturb, by reason that he has not
participated in it, the distribution of that dividend or any other dividend
declared before his debt was proved.

(2) When a creditor has proved his debt, he shall be entitled to be paid out
of any money for the time available for the payment of any further dividend,
any dividend or dividends which he has failed to receive.

(3) Any dividend or dividends payable under subsection (2) shall be paid
before that money is applied to the payment of any such further dividend.

**Final distribution**

**119.** —(1) When the Official Assignee has realised all the bankrupt’s
estate **_or so much of it as can, in the opinion of the Official Assignee, be
realised without needlessly protracting the proceedings in bankruptcy, he
shall give notice in the prescribed manner of his intention to declare a final
dividend_**.

(2) The notice under subsection (1) shall contain the prescribed particulars
and **_shall require claims against the bankrupt’s estate to be established by
a date (referred to in this section as the final date)_** specified in the
notice.

(3) The court may, on the application of any person, postpone the final date.

(4) After the final date, the Official Assignee shall —

(_a_) defray any outstanding expenses of the bankruptcy out of the bankrupt’s
estate; and

(_b_) **_if he intends to declare a final dividend, declare and distribute
that dividend without regard to the claim of any person in respect of a debt
not already proved in the bankruptcy_**.

...

**Right of bankrupt to surplus**

**122.** —(1) The bankrupt** _shall be entitled to any surplus remaining after
payment in full of his creditors, with interest as by this Act provided, and
of the costs, charges and expenses of the proceedings under the bankruptcy
application_**.

...

**Court’s power to annul bankruptcy order**

**123.** —(1) The court may annul a bankruptcy order if it appears to the
court that —

(_a_) on any ground existing at the time the order was made, the order ought
not to have been made;

(_b_) to the extent required by the rules, both the debts and the expenses of
the bankruptcy have all, since the making of the order, either been paid or
secured for to the satisfaction of the court;

...

(2) The court may annul a bankruptcy order whether or not the bankrupt has
been discharged from the bankruptcy.

(3) Where a court annuls a bankruptcy order under this section, any sale or
other disposition of property, payment made or other things duly done by or
under the authority of the Official Assignee or by the court shall be valid
except that **_the property of the bankrupt shall vest in such person as the
court may appoint or, in default of any such appointment, revert to the
bankrupt on such terms as the court may direct_**.

...

**Discharge by court**

**124.** —(1) The Official Assignee, the bankrupt or any other person having
an interest in the matter may, at any time after the making of a bankruptcy
order, apply to the court for an order of discharge.

...

(3) Subject to subsection (4) on an application under this section, the court
may —

(_a_) refuse to discharge the bankrupt from bankruptcy;

(_b_) make an order discharging him absolutely; or

(_c_) **_make an order discharging him subject to such conditions as it thinks
fit to impose, including conditions with respect to_** —

(i) **_any income which may be subsequently due to him; or_**

(ii) **_any property devolving upon him, or acquired by him, after his
discharge_** ,

as may be specified in the order.

...

**Effect of discharge**

**127.** —(1) **_Subject to this section and any condition imposed by the
court under section 124 or 126, where a bankrupt is discharged, the discharge
shall release him from all his debts provable in the bankruptcy but shall have
no effect_** —

(_a_) **_on the functions (so far as they remain to be carried out) of the
Official Assignee; or_**

(_b_) **_on the operation, for the purposes of the carrying out of those
functions, of the provisions of this Act._**

...

**Discharged bankrupt to give assistance**

**128.** —(1) **_A discharged bankrupt shall, notwithstanding his discharge,
give assistance as the Official Assignee requires in the realisation and
distribution of such of his property as is vested in the Official Assignee_**.

...

**Duties of bankrupt**

**129.** —(1) A bankrupt shall, in addition to any other duty specified in
this Act —

...

…

(_i_) **_aid to the utmost of his power in the realisation of his property and
the distribution of the proceeds among his creditors_** ;

...

**Disqualification of bankrupt**

**130.** —(1) In addition to any disqualification under any other written law,
a bankrupt shall be disqualified from being appointed or acting as a trustee
or personal representative in respect of any trust, estate or settlement,
except with leave of the court.

(2) **_Any disqualification to which a bankrupt is subject under this section
shall cease when_** —

(_a_) **_the bankruptcy order against him is annulled or rescinded; or_**

(_b_) **_he is discharged under Part VIII_**.

...

**Disabilities of bankrupt**

**131.** —(1) **_Where a bankrupt has not obtained his discharge —_**

(_a_) **_he shall be incompetent to maintain any action, other than an action
for damages in respect of an injury to his person, without the previous
sanction of the Official Assignee; and_**

(_b_) **_he shall not leave, remain or reside outside Singapore without the
previous permission of the Official Assignee_**.

[emphasis added in bold italics]

Some of these provisions have since been amended but none of the amendments
have altered the substance of the issues considered in this appeal or our
decision on those issues.

The decisions below

14 At first instance, the Assistant Registrar (“the AR”) granted the order
sought by the OA (see [11] above). He explained that it was the _entitlement_
to the Monies (_ie_ , a chose in action) which was in issue, and not the
Monies _per se_. He held that the appellant became entitled to the Monies when
LLK died, and that therefore the chose in action vested in the OA due to the
operation of s 78(1)(_a_) of the BA.

15 The Judge dismissed the appeal from the AR’s decision. The appellant’s
first argument before the Judge was that the Monies did not devolve upon her
immediately upon LLK’s death. According to s 20(1) of the CPFA, the Monies
could only be withdrawn if authorisation was granted by the Board. Such
authorisation was not yet granted when she was discharged from bankruptcy.
Therefore, the Monies fell outside the definition in s 78(1) of the BA of
“property” which vested in the OA.

16 The Judge rejected this argument (at [15]–[26] of the Judgment). He noted
that the appellant’s focus on the actual transfer of the Monies to the OA on
24 February 2010 was misplaced because what was in issue was the _entitlement_
to the Monies. The Judge found that this entitlement, which arose at the point
of LLK’s death, did fall within the definition of “property” which vested in
the OA. Section 20(1) of the CPFA merely stipulates a procedural requirement
of authorisation from the Board before withdrawal could be effected. This
procedural requirement did not alter the nature of the appellant’s entitlement
to the Monies as a chose in action which fell within the ambit of s 78(1)(_a_)
of the BA and therefore vested in the OA.

17 The appellant’s second argument was based on s 24(4) of the CPFA, which
provided that a CPF member’s funds are not subject to his debts and will not
vest in the OA upon his bankruptcy. The Judge rejected this argument (at [28]
of the Judgment), stating that the protection conferred by s 24(4) was only
intended to protect the savings _of a member_ for his retirement from his
creditors. There was no reason why Parliament would have intended the ambit of
this protection to extend to _nominees_. Nominated CPF monies were in
substance no different from other testamentary gifts. This argument was not
pressed on appeal to this Court.

18 The appellant’s final argument before the Judge was that her discharge had
the effect of revesting the rights to the Monies in her. She relied on the
case of _Chong Chee Keong v Official Assignee_ [2005] 3 SLR(R) 546 (“ _Chong
Chee Keong_ ”) as authority for this proposition. The Judge rejected this
argument (at [31]–[32] of the Judgment), holding that _Chong Chee Keong_ could
be distinguished on the facts.

The issues in this appeal

19 The first issue to consider is whether the entitlement to the Monies
constituted “property” within the ambit of s 78(1) of the BA and therefore
vested in the OA at the point of LLK’s death.

20 If the first issue is answered in the affirmative (_ie_ , if the
entitlement to the Monies vested in the OA at the point of death), the second
issue which then arises is whether the appellant’s _subsequent_ discharge from
bankruptcy had the effect of _revesting_ that entitlement in the appellant.

The first issue: Whether the entitlement vested in the OA

Whether the entitlement arose upon death

21 Section 25 of the CPFA allows CPF members to nominate beneficiaries to
receive their CPF funds upon death. Upon the death of a CPF member who had
made such a nomination, s 15(5) provides that the nominee “shall be entitled
to withdraw” the amounts stipulated by the deceased.

22 The appellant argues that a nominee’s right to withdraw CPF funds that a
member has nominated in his favour does not arise immediately upon the
member’s death. According to her, the Judge failed to recognise that s 15(5)
provides that a nominee is entitled to withdraw CPF monies “after the death”
of the member “in accordance with s 25(1)”. Following on from that, she points
out that s 25(1) refers to monies that are payable “under s 20(1)”. Her
contention is that because monies can only be _paid_ to the nominee upon
authorisation by the Board under s 20(1), the _entitlement_ to withdraw the
monies only arises upon such authorisation.

23 This argument is misconceived. As the OA rightly points out, the appellant
has conflated, on the one hand, a nominee’s _entitlement to withdraw_ the
monies and, on the other hand, the process which has to be complied with by
the nominee in order to obtain _actual possession_ of the monies. We agree
with the Judge (at [23]–[26] of the Judgment) that s 20(1) was merely a
procedural mechanism which was not relevant to the question of whether and
when the _entitlement_ to the Monies had crystallised. Section 15(5) of the
CPFA is unambiguous: upon the death of LLK on 14 March 2008, the appellant
became “entitled to withdraw” the Monies.

24 This interpretation of ss 15(5), 20(1) and 25 of the CPFA is supported by
the decision of this Court in _Central Provident Fund Board v Lau Eng Mui_
[1995] 2 SLR(R) 826, which concerned the interaction between a court order
pursuant to what is now s 112 of the Women’s Charter (Cap 353, 2009 Rev Ed)
(“Women’s Charter”) and a nomination pursuant to s 25 of the CPFA. The court
stated (at [14]):

_A nomination made under [s 25 of the CPFA]_ _takes effect only on the death
of the member_ and _on the happening of such an event the provision of_ _s
15(5) comes into operation_. Where an order has been made under [s 112 of the
Women’s Charter] giving to the spouse of the member a portion of the moneys in
the latter’s CPF account, the order takes effect immediately, and the member’s
balance to which he is entitled is diminished or reduced by the portion to
which the spouse is entitled. _Hence, on his death his nominee can only take
what the member had immediately before his death and would be entitled to the
amount to which the member was then entitled_ ... [emphasis added]

In other words, the time of death of the CPF member is the critical time at
which the nomination under s 25 takes effect such that the nominee becomes
_entitled_ to receive the nominated CPF monies.

Whether the entitlement fell within s 78(1)(a) of the BA

25 The appellant’s alternative argument is that even if the entitlement to
withdraw the Monies pursuant to the CPFA arose upon LLK’s death, that
entitlement did not fall to be divided amongst her creditors under s
78(1)(_a_) of the BA. The appellant again, in support of this argument, relied
upon the fact that s 20(1) of the CPFA required authorisation by the Board
before a nominee may obtain payment of the monies which he is entitled to
receive. As a result, the entitlement did not vest in the OA as part of the
appellant’s estate in bankruptcy.

26 Section 78(1)(_a_) of the BA provides that all “property” which is vested
in the bankrupt at the commencement of his bankruptcy or is “acquired by or
devolves on him” before his discharge forms part of his estate in bankruptcy.
We have already determined that the appellant’s entitlement to the Monies
arose at the time of LLK’s death (see [23]-[24] above). Therefore, the
entitlement to the Monies was acquired by or had devolved upon the appellant
before her discharge from bankruptcy. The only remaining question which has to
be considered is whether the statutory entitlement of a nominee to nominated
CPF monies constitutes “property” as understood in the BA.

27 Section 2(1) of the BA provides that “property” includes choses in action.
A chose in action is an expression used to describe “all personal rights of
property which can only be claimed or enforced by action, and not by taking
physical possession”: see _Torkington v Magee_ [1902] 2 KB 427 at 430. The
statutory entitlement of a nominee to nominated CPF monies falls squarely
within this explanation of what constitutes a chose in action.

28 It is trite law that the existence of a chose in action does not depend
upon immediate enforceability. In _Kwok Chi Leung Karl v Commissioner of
Estate Duty_ [1988] 1 WLR 1035, the Privy Council (on an appeal from Hong
Kong) was faced with the issue of, _inter alia_ , whether an obligation to pay
a sum of money on demand after sixty days constituted an existing chose in
action at the time when the obligation was entered into. Lord Oliver of
Aylmerton (delivering the judgment of the court) held that the obligation was
indeed an existing chose in action at the time when the obligation was entered
into. He stated (at 1040E–G):

A chose in action is no less a chose in action because it is not immediately
recoverable by action …

... A debt which is payable in futuro is no less a debt ...

29 This reasoning was adopted by Ferris J in the case of _In re Landau (a
bankrupt)_ [1998] Ch 223 (“ _Re Landau_ ”) which was cited by the OA. This
case dealt with the question of whether rights under a pension policy fell
within a bankrupt’s estate. At the age of 53, Mr Landau entered into an
arrangement whereby he was entitled to an annuity for the rest of his life
starting from when he turned 65\. He was made a bankrupt when he was 61. He
was discharged from bankruptcy when he was 64. When Mr Landau reached the age
of 65 in 1994, he sought to obtain the benefits under the policy.

30 Ferris J held that the trustee in bankruptcy was entitled to receive all
the sums payable under the policy, despite the fact that the benefits were
only payable at a time when Mr Landau had already been discharged from
bankruptcy, _ie_ , in 1994 when Mr Landau turned 65. His reasoning was as
follows (at 232B–G):

As a matter of classification, Mr. Landau’s bundle of contractual rights under
the policy constitutes a chose in action and it had this character at the time
of the bankruptcy order. On the face of it, therefore, it fell within the
definition of “property” [in s 436 of the Insolvency Act 1986 (UK)]. Moreover
the fact that, at the commencement of the bankruptcy, nothing was immediately
payable under the policy does not alter this in any way. …

…

… At the commencement of his bankruptcy he had a present right to compel [the
pensions provider] to make payments under the policy in the future. This was
an immediate chose in action … Mr. Landau had, in relation to the policy, the
same chose in action on the date of the bankruptcy order as he had when he
attained the age of 65 and … the latter event did not result in anything being
acquired by or devolving upon him.

31 We agree that this is the correct approach to view choses in action. The
fact that there was no authorisation given by the Board to the appellant at
the time of LLK’s death (or at any point before the appellant’s discharge) is
therefore irrelevant. The appellant’s reliance on s 20(1) of the CPFA
conflates, on the one hand, the process by which the chose in action is
_realised_ , and, on the other hand, the conditions for the _existence_ of the
chose in action. The fact that the Monies were only paid out after the
appellant was discharged from bankruptcy is also irrelevant, because such
payment merely represents the realisation of the chose in action. _What is
crucial is that the entitlement came into existence upon LLK’s death and that
the appellant was still an undischarged bankrupt at this time._

32 Apart from the argument based on the mere fact that authorisation was
required by s 20(1) of the CPFA for the withdrawal of the Monies, the
appellant advanced a distinct but related argument based on the width of the
_discretion_ of the Board to authorise withdrawals. She submits that the lack
of substantive criteria in s 20(1) indicates that the Board possesses a wide
discretion as to whether or not to authorise withdrawals, and that therefore
the entitlement should not constitute “property” within the BA. She also
points out that s 20(1) merely states that the Board “may” authorise
withdrawal by the nominee. We do not think that this argument assisted the
appellant in any way. Any discretion, however wide or narrow, has legal
limits: see _Chng Suan Tze v Minister for Home Affairs and others and other
appeals_ [1988] 2 SLR(R) 525 at [86]. Proceedings by way of judicial review
could be brought against the Board if it wrongfully refused to authorise
withdrawal of the monies. Furthermore, the word “may” is not infrequently held
to mean “shall”. In the context of the architecture of the CPFA, we do not
think that the Board has the discretion to decline to effect payment to a
person lawfully entitled to receive the monies in question.

33 To sum up, the appellant’s entitlement to the Monies was a chose in action
which came into existence at the point of LLK’s death. Because the appellant
was an undischarged bankrupt at that point in time, that chose in action, by
operation of s 78(1)(_a_) of the BA, constituted part of the appellant’s
estate in bankruptcy. Consequently, it automatically vested in the OA by
virtue of s 76(1)(_a_).

Whether the requirements of ss 78(1)(a) and (b) are conjunctive

34 The appellant’s final argument on this issue is that even if s 78(1)(_a_)
of the BA has been satisfied, it is necessary for both limbs of s 78(1) to be
satisfied on the basis that the terms “and”, and “shall comprise” are used in
the section. The appellant goes on to argue that s 78(1)(_b_) is _not_
satisfied because she is unable to withdraw the monies until authorised by the
Board.

35 This argument is entirely without merit. First, as the OA points out, the
word “and” may be used in a disjunctive sense, for instance, where the various
paragraphs which are joined by the word merely set out a list of different
objects or classes of objects, related only by the fact that they qualify to
be in that list.

36 Secondly, the English and Australian courts have interpreted similar
provisions in their respective bankruptcy statutes in a disjunctive manner. In
_Cummings v Claremont Petroleum NL and another_ (1996) 185 CLR 124, the High
Court of Australia considered whether the right of appeal of a judgment debtor
(the bankrupt) against the judgment formed part of the bankrupt’s estate
within the meaning of s 116(1) of the Bankruptcy Act 1966 (Cth), which is _in
pari_ _materia_ with s 78 of the BA. Brennan CJ, McHugh and Gaudron JJ held
that s 116(1)(_a_) was not satisfied because neither the obligation to comply
with the judgment nor the right of appeal constituted “property”. They applied
_In re Rose; Trustee of the Property of E T Rose v Rose_ [1904] 2 Ch 348 (“
_Re Rose_ ”) and held that s 116(1)(_b_) was intended to encompass powers of
appointment in relation to “property” which could be exercised for the
bankrupt’s benefit. As there was no “property” over which the powers could be
exercised, they held that this limb was not satisfied (at 133).

37 The High Court of Australia did not treat both limbs of s 116(1) as having
a conjunctive relationship. If both limbs were conjunctive, they need not,
having held that s 116(1)(_a_) was not satisfied, have gone on to consider
whether s 116(1)(_b_) was satisfied. The same approach has been taken by the
English courts. In _Re Rose_ itself, Farwell J stated (at 351­–352):

The question turns on the construction of the 44th section of the Bankruptcy
Act, 1883. ... [T]he 2nd sub-section enacts that [the property of the bankrupt
divisible amongst his creditors] shall comprise the following particulars:
(i.) all such property as may belong to or be vested in the bankrupt at the
commencement of his bankruptcy, or may be acquired by or devolve on him before
his discharge; and (ii.) the capacity to exercise and take proceedings for
exercising all such powers in or over or in respect of property as might have
been exercised by the bankrupt for his own benefit at the commencement of his
bankruptcy or before his discharge ... . These two heads comprise all the
beneficial interests of the bankrupt _which are either property properly so
called or general powers._ ... _I think the powers referred to are those
powers which are familiar to all conveyancers and are powers properly so
called_. [emphasis added]

38 The appellant’s argument that s 78(1)(_b_) is not satisfied is actually
correct because there are no powers of appointment in the present case. But
that does not advance her case because s 78(1)(_a_) has been satisfied, and
that alone is sufficient for the entitlement to constitute part of the
appellant’s estate in bankruptcy which vests in the OA.

The second issue: Whether the discharge revested the entitlement in the
appellant

39 As we have explained (see [27]–[31] above), the entitlement to the Monies
was a chose in action which vested in the OA at the point of LLK’s death. The
next issue is whether that entitlement revested in the appellant when she was
subsequently discharged from bankruptcy. This issue requires the consideration
of the following questions:

(a) Does a discharge _ipso facto_ revest property in a discharged bankrupt?

(b) If a discharge does not _ipso facto_ revest property, is the position
different if the discharge is granted after a final dividend has been declared
by the OA?

Whether a discharge ipso facto revests property

40 The appellant’s most promising argument is based on the decision in _Chong
Chee Keong_ (see [18] above). The plaintiff was a shareholder of a company
which was wound up on 13 August 1999. The Official Receiver (“the OR”) was
appointed as the liquidator. On 10 December 1999, the plaintiff was made a
bankrupt. The OA, _qua_ trustee in bankruptcy of the plaintiff, filed a proof
of debt of $682,304 against the company on 21 April 2001. The plaintiff was
discharged from bankruptcy on 30 June 2003. On 5 July 2004, the OR declared a
dividend of 16.33% in the liquidation of the company. The plaintiff applied
for a declaration that the money (about $111,420) should be paid over to him
personally.

41 Choo Han Teck J granted the declaration. He accepted the OA’s argument that
the plaintiff’s right to claim the dividend, _qua_ chose in action, vested in
the OA. He stated (at [2]):

The Official Assignee disputed the claim on the ... basis that the whole of
the plaintiff’s property and assets had been vested in the Official Assignee
upon the bankruptcy of the plaintiff. ...

Counsel for the Official Assignee submitted that the phrase, “things in
action” [in s 2(1) of the BA] meant “chose-in-action”, and that denoted a
right to claim property. _These statements are accurate and correc_ t, but the
issue was a narrower one and it was whether the Official Assignee was _still_
entitled to money _claimed during bankruptcy (when the chose-in-action vested
with him)_ , but only due after the certificate of discharge had been given…

[emphasis added]

However, he went on to decide that the chose in action (which was vested in
the OA) _reverted_ to the plaintiff after his discharge. He stated (at [4]):

A preservation of [the right to any money that might be due after the
certificate of discharge was granted] is important because the certificate of
discharge is a statutory instrument that wipes the slate clean for the
bankrupt so that he might carry on with his life afresh, free of past debts
and liabilities. The certificate of discharge is a document that certifies and
declares to the world at large that no more debt is owed by the discharged
bankrupt. _Any residual rights must revert to the discharged bankrupt_. _That
being the case, any money that comes subsequently into the Official Assignee’s
hands must be turned over to the discharged bankrupt unless the Official
Assignee had expressly reserved that money as a condition to the discharge._
... _Without that reservation, the Official Assignee can retain the money only
if the certificate of discharge is set aside by the court._ [emphasis added]

42 We had some difficulty with this particular conclusion and therefore at the
conclusion of the hearing on 13 April 2011 directed both parties to tender
further submissions on (a) the effect (if any) of a discharge from bankruptcy
on property rights which are vested in the OA, and (b) whether _Chong Chee
Keong_ was correctly decided. In its further submissions, the OA argues that
_Chong Chee Keong_ is wrong and should be overruled for the following reasons:

(a) The concept of an express reservation of rights by the OA is not contained
in the BA and is inconsistent with ss 127 and 128 thereof.

(b) Choo J was correct to state that a discharge releases a bankrupt from
almost all of the debts which were provable in his bankruptcy, and therefore
wipes the slate clean for him so that he may carry on with his life afresh
free of past debts and liabilities. However, it did not follow that “residual
rights must revert to the discharged bankrupt”. The concept of residual rights
which reverted to the discharged bankrupt is not contained in the BA and is
inconsistent with ss 127 and 128 thereof.

43 Section 127(1) of the BA provides that a discharge releases the bankrupt
from _all_ debts provable in his bankruptcy. The proviso, _viz_ , “[s]ubject
to this section and any condition imposed by the court under section 124 or
126”, is a qualification to that broad proposition. In other words, the
discharged bankrupt is _not_ released from the following categories of
provable debts: (a) debts specified in s 127 itself; and (b) debts which are
specified by the court pursuant to its power under ss 124 or 126.

44 Section 127(1) goes on to state that the fact that the bankrupt is released
from most debts provable in his bankruptcy does not have any effect on the
functions of the OA (so far as they remain to be carried out). The appellant
notes that the Discharge Order was an “absolute” order of discharge, _ie_ ,
one without any conditions specified therein. She argues that because the
Discharge Order was absolute in nature, there were no residual functions of
the OA to be discharged and that, therefore, the order had the effect of
automatically revesting the entitlement to the Monies in her.

45 We do not accept this argument. The reference to conditions imposed by the
court under ss 124 or 126 merely qualifies the general proposition that the
bankrupt is discharged from all debts provable in his bankruptcy. In other
words, _if_ the court had specified that the appellant was not to be released
from a particular debt or particular category of debts, then this condition
would be given effect by virtue of the proviso to s 127(1). The _absence_ of
such a condition means that (if no debts specified in s 127 are in issue) the
bankrupt is released from _all_ debts provable in his bankruptcy. This does
not answer the question of whether or not a discharge (whether absolute or
conditional) has the _additional_ effect of revesting property, over and above
releasing the bankrupt from all debts provable in his bankruptcy. We pause
here to note that apart from releasing the discharged bankrupt from most debts
provable in his bankruptcy, a discharge also has the following beneficial
effects:

(a) All property which is acquired by or devolves on him _after_ discharge
will belong to him: see ss 75(_b_), 78(1)(_a_).

(b) He is freed from the legal and practical disabilities of being an
undischarged bankrupt: see ss 75(_b_), 130, 131.

46 We agree with the OA that a discharge in itself does not have the effect of
revesting property in the bankrupt and that therefore _Chong Chee Keong_ is
wrong on this point. First, the statutory provisions plainly contemplate that
the administration of the bankrupt’s estate may still continue after
discharge. While s 127(1) provides that the discharge has no effect on the
functions of the OA (so far as they remain to be carried out), s 128(1)
clearly contemplates, as the OA argues, that property remains vested in it
because s 128(1) provides that a discharged bankrupt shall provide assistance
in the realisation and distribution of “such of his property as is vested” in
it. Reading both sections together, it can be concluded that certain functions
of the OA may remain to be carried out in relation to the realisation and
distribution of the bankrupt’s estate even after the bankrupt has been
discharged.

47 The other provisions of the BA also lend support to the view that a
discharge does not automatically revest property. Although Parliament
expressly provided in s 76(1)(_a_) that the property of the bankrupt
_automatically_ _vests_ in the OA at the _onset_ of bankruptcy, s 127(1) is
significantly _silent_ as to any revesting of property upon discharge which
marks the _end_ of bankruptcy. By contrast, the provisions on annulment
_expressly_ provide that an annulment has the effect of revesting property. An
annulment may be granted (a) by a court order pursuant to s 123 of the BA, or
(b) by a certificate of the OA pursuant to either ss 95A or 123A of the BA.
All three sections provide that upon an annulment the “property of the
bankrupt” will generally “revert to the bankrupt”: see, for instance, s
123(3). In _Tan Teck Guan v Mapletree Trustee Pte Ltd (trustee of Mapletree
Industrial Trust)_ [2011] 3 SLR 1031 (“ _Tan Teck Guan_ ”), Chan Seng Onn J
held (at [14]), following English, Australian and Malaysian authorities, that
annulment “has the effect of wiping out the bankruptcy altogether and putting
the bankrupt in the same position as if there had been no bankruptcy order
made against him”. He added (at [15]) that this did not mean that annulment
had retrospective effect for all intents and purposes, such as where
exceptions to the general rule were created by the provisions of the BA. We
agree with Chan J’s analysis in _Tan Teck Guan_. Given that Parliament
expressly provided that property would in general revest in the “bankrupt”
upon an annulment, it is very unlikely that the _same_ effect would be
achieved by means of a _discharge_ given that s 127 is silent on this point.

48 Apart from the difference in wording of the relevant provisions, the
difference in the effect of an annulment as compared to a discharge is also
supported by the difference in the objectives of the two regimes. A discharge,
while acknowledging that the bankrupt was rightly made a bankrupt, is intended
to give him “a second chance in life”: see _Re Siah_ _Ooi_ _Choe, ex parte_
_Hongkong and Shanghai Banking Corp_ [1997] 3 SLR(R) 706 at [9]. By contrast,
an annulment “neither casts any aspersions nor provides any indication _vis-à-
vis_ the conduct of the person subject to the bankruptcy order”: see _Tan Teck
Guan_ at [27].

49 Furthermore, s 122, which provides that the bankrupt “shall be entitled to
any surplus remaining after payment in full of his creditors” with interest
and of the bankruptcy expenses, contemplates that the bankrupt will obtain
property from his estate only if “his creditors” have been paid in full. This
phrase, _viz_ , “his creditors”, has been interpreted in _In re Ward_ [1942] 1
Ch 294 (“ _Re Ward_ ”) at 297–298 by Farwell J to refer to all creditors who
have proved in the bankruptcy, and not all creditors in general regardless of
whether or not they have proved in the bankruptcy. Although it is not
necessary to decide this point in this appeal, we think that Farwell J’s
approach is a sensible interpretation of s 122 which strikes an appropriate
balance between the interests of the creditors and the bankrupt. Nonetheless,
the point which is material in this appeal is that the revesting of property
upon discharge will _in effect_ circumvent s 122 because the discharged
bankrupt will be obtaining property which constituted part of his estate
without having paid off his creditors in full.

50 Secondly, the proposition that a discharge does not automatically revest
property is supported by the objectives of the discharge regime. During the
Second Reading of the Bankruptcy Bill, the then Minister for Law, Professor S
Jayakumar stated as follows (_Singapore Parliamentary Debates, Official
Report_ (25 August 1994) vol 63 at cols 400–402):

Let me, Sir, highlight, first, _the main weaknesses of the present legislation
which the Bill seeks to address. Firstly, the difficulty in obtaining a
discharge from bankruptcy_. It is now not possible for a bankrupt to be
discharged unless he settles his debts in full or proposes a scheme of
arrangement or composition which is acceptable to the creditors. Many
creditors are also not prepared to accept realistic proposals for settlements.
In short, there is very little incentive for the bankrupts to actively seek a
discharge by disclosing their assets and cooperate with the Official Assignee
in the administration of their estates.

...

_The second main feature of this Bill is to encourage entrepreneurship where
bankrupts who have become so through misfortune rather than malpractice will
be subjected to a more practical and pragmatic regime of bankruptcy. A major
innovation is the provision for a discharge by certificate of the Official
Assignee_. Under this scheme, where proven debts do not exceed $100,000, a
debtor can be discharged from bankruptcy after five years. However, unlike the
position in the United Kingdom and Australia, there will not be any automatic
discharge. In deciding whether to issue a certificate, the Official Assignee
will be guided by a number of factors, including the circumstances in which
the debt was incurred, the bankrupt's conduct and the extent of cooperation
given to the Official Assignee.

To facilitate easier discharges by the court in other cases, for example,
beyond $100,000, the requirements for an application to the court have also
been simplified and subject to certain safeguards.

The existing scheme and procedures for the settlement of debts through a
scheme of arrangement or composition offer have been rationalised and
improved. _Hence, it will result in creditors recovering their moneys more
quickly and will also expedite discharges._

[emphasis added]

It is not unlikely that although the OA may not have completed the realisation
and distribution of the estate in bankruptcy, he may yet be of the opinion
that, after taking into account all relevant circumstances, a bankrupt is
nonetheless deserving of discharge. Should a discharge have the effect of
automatically revesting property, this consideration will militate against a
decision to grant a discharge by the OA or the court. This would not be an
interpretation of the BA which accords with its purpose of facilitating
discharges where appropriate. It is no answer to this to say that the court
can always impose conditions to prevent the revesting of property. As we have
explained (see [44]–[45] above), the reference in s 127 to conditions imposed
by the court under ss 124 or 126 is a qualification to the general principle
that the bankrupt is released from all debts provable in his bankruptcy. These
conditions are not relevant to the vesting of property, which is a distinct
issue.

51 Thirdly, the courts in England and Australia have adopted the same
interpretation of their respective bankruptcy statutes in relation to the
effect of a discharge, _ie_ , that it does not in itself have the effect of
revesting property. These decisions are highly persuasive in so far as the
relevant provisions are _in pari_ _materia_ with those in the BA. In _Pegler v
Dale_ (1975) 6 ALR 62, S and F had an interest in a mortgaged property. The
mortgagee paid the balance of the monies from the sale of the property into
court. S had been made a bankrupt on 23 April 1963 but was automatically
discharged on 4 March 1971. S and F argued that the automatic discharge had
revested S’s share of the balance in her (at 63):

The first and second defendants submit that the effect of s 153 ... after the
automatic discharge of 1971, is to revest the property in the former bankrupt.
Subsection (1) of s 153 appears to give some support to this contention,
because it says that, subject to the section: “Where a bankrupt is discharged
from a bankruptcy, the discharge operates to release him from all debts
(including secured debts) provable in the bankruptcy ...”

Needham J rejected this argument (at 63–64):

I was attracted to this argument until counsel for the plaintiff directed my
attention to s 152(1) ... which reads as follows: “A discharged bankrupt
shall, notwithstanding his discharge, give such assistance as the trustee
reasonably requires in the realization and distribution of such of his
property as is vested in the trustee.” The only way that I can see that
property of the bankrupt is vested in the trustee is by virtue of the
sequestration order. _If property so vested in the trustee continues to be
vested in the trustee after discharge, as_ _s 152(1) indicates_ , _then the
operation of_ _s 153 in discharging the bankrupt from debts cannot have the
effect of revesting_ in the bankrupt the property which was under the
sequestration order vested in the trustee. [emphasis added]

52 _Pegler v Dale_ was followed and applied by Barrett J in _Re Emilco Pty
Ltd_ [2001] NSWSC 1035, who stated (at [38]):

Mr Jaa Jaa’s discharge from bankruptcy did not cause the debt to re-vest in
him. This is made clear by the decision of the Court of Appeal in _Daemar v
Industrial Commission of New South Wales (No 2)_ (1990) 22 NSWLR 178 approving
the decision of Needham J in _Pegler v Dale_ [1975] 1 NSWLR 265. The reason is
that _nothing in the Bankruptcy Act effects any such re-vesting upon
discharge. On the contrary_ ,_s 152, by dealing with duties to which a
“discharged bankrupt” is, “even though discharged”, subject in relation to
“such of his or her property as is vested in the trustee”, makes it plain that
that property remains vested in the trustee after discharge_. [emphasis added]

Although the Australian Bankruptcy Act 1966 (Cth) provides for an automatic
discharge after a specified period of time, the BA does not. However, the
reasoning of the Australian courts does not turn on the fact that discharges
may occur automatically under their bankruptcy statute. Instead, their
reasoning hinges on s 152(1) of the Bankruptcy Act 1966 (Cth) which is _in
pari_ _materia_ with s 128 of the BA.

53 The English courts have also adopted the same position. In _In re A Debtor,
Ex parte_ _the Trustee of the Property of the Bankrupt v Clegg and others_
[1968] 1 WLR 788, Stamp J stated (at 791F–H):

It was held, in _In re Coulson_ [[1934] 1 Ch 45], that the power under [s 25
of the Bankruptcy Act 1914 (UK) for the examination of a bankrupt] survived
the discharge of the debtor from his bankruptcy. _A duty still remains on the
trustee to collect, realise and distribute such of the debtor’s assets as were
vested, before the discharge, in the trustee_ ...

... [T]he case ... is, in my judgment, a clear decision that section 25
survived the discharge of the bankrupt and can properly be invoked to assist
the trustee to collect, realise and distribute _such of the debtor’s assets as
are vested in the trustee before the discharge_.

[emphasis added]

Goff J agreed (at 801F–H):

In my judgment, it is quite clear that the fact that the bankrupt had obtained
his discharge does not prevent an order being made under section 25. In the
first place, it was decided in _In re A Debtor_ [[1939] 1 Ch 489] that _the
discharge does not put an end to the bankruptcy for all purposes_. There, Sir
Wilfred Green M.R. said:

“The court had jurisdiction in bankruptcy under the Act; the order of
discharge did not take away the jurisdiction of the Court in Bankruptcy,
because admittedly the _discharge of the bankrupt does not put an end to the
bankruptcy_ _regarded as a series of judicial and administrative acts and
rights and powers_.”

[emphasis added]

54 In fact, an argument strikingly similar to that of the appellant was
advanced in _Ex parte Waters; In re Waters_ (1874) LR 18 Eq 701. In that case,
a liquidation petition was filed by two partners. A creditors’ meeting
resolved that the partners should be discharged in respect of their
partnership liabilities. Subsequently, the trustees in bankruptcy of the
partnership discovered that one of the partners (one Robert Waters) had, after
the order of discharge was granted, received about £188 on account of the
partnership estate. The trustees obtained an order of court that he should pay
that sum to them. Mr Waters failed to comply and an order of committal for
contempt of court was made. He appealed, arguing _inter alia_ that the money
was received after the discharge was granted. Sir James Bacon CJ dismissed the
appeal on the basis of s 19 of the Bankruptcy Act 1869 (c 71) (UK), which was
as follows (at 702, footnote (2)):

The bankrupt shall, to the utmost of his power, aid in the realization of his
property, and the distribution of the proceeds amongst his creditors ...

Sir James Bacon CJ stated as follows (at 702–703):

Between liquidation and bankruptcy there is for this purpose no distinction.
_Nor is there any distinction by reason of the fact that the debtors’
discharge had been granted before this money was misapplied_. The discharge
only releases them from the debts provable in the liquidation, and not from
the obligation to perform the duties prescribed by the statute during the
liquidation. ... That it was the plain duty of this debtor _to assist the
trustees to the utmost of his power in the realization and distribution of the
estate_ , no one can doubt. [emphasis added]

55 _Re Landau_ (see [29]–[30] above) also stands for the proposition that a
discharge does not in itself revest property in the bankrupt.

56 For these reasons, we hold that a discharge does not _ipso facto_ revest
property in the discharged bankrupt. The bankrupt’s discharge releases “him”
from the debts and does not affect the _debts_ themselves. As Kala Anandarajah
et al, _Law and Practice of Bankruptcy in Singapore and Malaysia_
(Butterworths Asia, 1999) explains (at p 437):

Discharge only _releases_ the bankrupt from provable debts not expressly
allowed to continue by statute or court order. Discharge does not, however,
destroy the debts altogether as if they had never existed. [emphasis in
original]

In other words, those creditors whose debts are provable in the bankruptcy and
from which the bankrupt is released due to s 127 are left to prove in the
bankruptcy against the bankrupt’s estate, which is vested (and remains vested)
in the OA for this purpose. In _Law Society v Shah_ [2009] Ch 223, it was
argued that the effect of a discharge was to “extinguish” debts provable in
the bankruptcy. Floyd J rejected this argument (at 237A):

It is only the _remedy of enforcement as against the bankrupt_ which is
extinguished, the creditor being left to the collective enforcement procedure
under the [Insolvency Act 1986 (UK)] to secure satisfaction of the underlying
cause of action _out of the estate in the hands of the trustee in bankruptcy_
, perhaps only to the limited extent that he can. [emphasis added]

Discharge after final dividend has been declared

57 A possible argument that could have been advanced by the appellant is that
even if a discharge does not automatically revest property, the discharge will
have that effect _if_ it is granted after a final dividend has been declared
by the OA. Although s 127(1) provides that a discharge does not have any
effect on the functions of the OA which remain to be carried out, no such
functions remain to be carried out if the OA has already declared a final
dividend. Such a declaration signifies the end of the administration of the
bankrupt’s estate, and therefore property should revest in the discharged
bankrupt upon discharge.

58 On the facts of this appeal, the OA had given notice to the creditors that
it _intended_ to declare a first _and final_ dividend, and the last day for
creditors to come in to prove their debts had already expired (see [6] above).
It, however, appears that the final dividend has not yet been declared: the
Summons also contained a prayer to amend the Discharge Report to state that
the OA will be able to declare a “first and final dividend of about 9.078%”.
Nonetheless, we are of the opinion that it would be desirable in the interest
of legal certainty for the wider community to consider the applicable
principles in the event that the final dividend _had_ been declared by the OA.

59 Section 119(1) of the BA states that the OA shall declare a final dividend
when it has realised all the bankrupt’s estate or so much of it as can, in its
opinion, be realised without needlessly protracting the proceedings in
bankruptcy. Section 119(2) states that the notice given by the OA “shall
require _claims_ against the bankrupt’s estate _to be established_ by a date
... specified in the notice” [emphasis added]. Section 119(4)(_b_) provides
that, after the final date, the OA shall declare and distribute the final
dividend “without regard to the claim of any person in respect of a debt not
already proved in the bankruptcy”.

60 In _Re Ward_ ([49] above), Farwell J held (at 297–298) that where all the
creditors who had proved in the bankruptcy had been paid in full, the residue
of the bankrupt’s estate constituted “surplus” within the equivalent of s 122
of the BA. The fact that there were other creditors who had not been paid was
irrelevant because the Act “contemplates that there shall be finality” (at
297). This finding was made by Farwell J after having considered s 65 of the
Bankruptcy Act 1914 (UK), which provided that a creditor who proves his debt
after the declaration of a dividend is still entitled to be paid “any dividend
or dividends he may have failed to receive”. Section 65 is _in pari_ _materia_
with s 118 of the BA. We agree with Farwell J’s analysis. It follows that the
operation of s 118 is limited to interim dividends, _ie_ , dividends which are
not final.

61 Although the _ratio_ of _Re Ward_ is confined to a situation where the
creditors who had proved in the bankruptcy had been paid in full, Farwell J’s
reasoning, _viz_ , that there should be finality in terms of the identity of
the creditors who are entitled to a portion of the bankrupt’s estate, applies
with equal force even where creditors who have proved in the bankruptcy have
_not_ been paid in full. The presence or absence of a “surplus” has no bearing
on the question of whether a creditor has submitted his proofs of debt by the
final date. If a creditor fails to submit his proofs of debt in time, such a
creditor has only himself to blame. If there is property which comes to light
after the final dividend has been declared, creditors who have not proved are
_not_ entitled (a) to rely on s 118(2) to claim a share of that property in
satisfaction of the _past_ dividends which they failed to receive, or (b) to
claim _future_ dividends which are declared from the realisation of that
property. In other words, the class of creditors who are entitled to dividends
is crystallised on the final date (or extended final date).

62 This interpretation of the effect of a final dividend is supported by a
consideration of the legislative history of the BA and its associated
subsidiary legislation. Forms 113 and 114 of the Bankruptcy Rules 1967 (S
64/1967) (“the 1967 Rules”) are as follows:

No. 113

NOTICE TO CREDITORS OF INTENTION TO DECLARE DIVIDEND

(Title).

(A [“first” or “second” or “final” or as the case may be] dividend is intended
to be declared in the above matter. You are mentioned in the debtor’s
statement of affairs, but you have not yet proved your debt.

If you do not prove your debt by the day of , 19 , you will be excluded from
this dividend.

...

No. 114

NOTICE TO PERSONS CLAIMING TO BE CREDITORS OF INTENTION TO DECLARE FINAL
DIVIDEND

(Title).

Take notice that a final dividend is intended to be declared in the above
matter, and that if you do not establish your claim to my satisfaction on or
before the day of , 19 , or such later day as the Court may fix, _your claim
will be expunged_ , and I shall proceed to make a final dividend without
regard to such claim.

...

[emphasis added]

Forms 113 and 114 are _in pari_ _materia_ with Forms 123 and 124 of the
Bankruptcy Rules 1886 (UK). Form 113 merely states that a failure to prove by
the stipulated date would exclude the creditor from “this dividend”. By
contrast, Form 114 is worded in stronger language. The use of the phrase “your
claim will be expunged” is an indication that creditors who have not proven in
the bankruptcy by the final date will not be able to subsequently come in and
claim any dividends (whether past or future), because their claims against the
estate will be treated as being non-existent for the purpose of the
administration of the bankrupt’s estate. It is telling that while Form 114
refers to a “claim” being expunged, ss 27 and 29 of the Second Schedule to the
Bankruptcy Act (Cap 18, 1970 Rev Ed) refer only to a “proof” being expunged:

27\. If the official assignee thinks that a proof has been improperly admitted
the court may on his application, after notice to the creditor who made the
proof, expunge the proof or reduce its amount.

...

29\. The court may also expunge or reduce a proof upon the application of a
creditor if the official assignee declines to interfere in the matter, or in
the case of a composition or scheme upon the application of the debtor.

This interpretation is supported by Ian F Fletcher, _The Law of Insolvency_
(Sweet & Maxwell, 2009, 4th Ed) at para 10-043:

Where there is to be a final dividend, s.330(3) [of the Insolvency Act 1986
(UK) which is _in pari_ _materia_ with s 119(3) of the BA] provides that the
court may, on the application of any person, postpone the final date by which
the trustee’s notice requires claims against the bankrupt’s estate to be
established, but in the absence of such a postponement the insolvent
administration enters its final phase, and the trustee will, after the final
date has passed, defray any outstanding expenses of the bankruptcy (or
liquidation) out of the funds remaining in his hands, and thereafter duly
declare and distribute the final dividend among the proving creditors.
_Thereafter, any creditor who has failed to establish his claim by lodging
proof in time will receive nothing, although (in the case of bankruptcy) the
debt, as one of the bankruptcy debts, will be discharged through the process
of bankruptcy_. [emphasis added]

63 The present Form 37 in the Bankruptcy Rules (Rg 1, 2006 Rev Ed) is as
follows:

**NOTICE TO CREDITORS OF INTENTION TO DECLARE DIVIDEND**

Take notice that a [first] [second] [final] dividend is intended to be
declared in the above matter and that if you do not establish your claim to my
satisfaction on or before the day of 20 you will be excluded from this
dividend and I shall proceed to make the dividend without regard to your
claim.

...

It is apparent that Form 37 is an amalgamation of the old forms, _viz_ , Forms
113 and 114 of the 1967 Rules, without the phrase “your claim will be
expunged”. The absence of this phrase is not a sufficient indication of a
legislative intention, over and above an intention to simplify the bankruptcy
procedures, to alter the applicable legal principles governing the effect of a
final dividend. Furthermore, the phrase was retained in Form 50 of the
Companies (Winding Up) Rules (Rg 1, 2006 Rev Ed) which is _in pari_ _materia_
with the old Form 114 of the 1967 Rules.

64 Having considered the effect of a final dividend in principle, we now turn
to the question of whether a discharge granted after a final dividend has been
declared has the effect of revesting property. Where the discharge is granted
after the final dividend falls short of satisfying the creditors who have
proved in the bankruptcy before the final date in full, a revesting of
property would _in effect_ disrupt the statutory allocation of rights embodied
in s 122 (see [49] above). This is because the discharged bankrupt would be
obtaining property which formed part of his estate without having satisfied
the conditions stipulated by s 122. For this reason, a discharge granted in
such circumstances does not _ipso facto_ revest property in the discharged
bankrupt. Therefore, if any property which forms part of the estate in
bankruptcy comes to light after discharge, that property must _prima facie_ be
realised by the OA in favour of the bankruptcy expenses and the creditors who
have proved in the bankruptcy before the final date in so far as they have not
yet been paid off in full. As for creditors who have not proved by the final
date, they are not entitled to claim any share of such property: see [60]–[63]
above.

65 Where the discharge is granted after a final dividend of 100%, _ie_ , where
all the creditors who had proved in the bankruptcy by the final date have been
paid in full, the requirements of s 122 have been met. Any property which
subsequently comes to light will be held by the OA on trust for the discharged
bankrupt beneficially: see _Bird v Philpott_ [1900] 1 Ch 822 at 828. This is
not because of the discharge _per se_ but because the purpose for which the
property is held by the OA has been achieved.

Procedure for revesting to occur

66 We have held that a discharge does not revest property (which is vested in
the OA) in the discharged bankrupt, regardless of whether the discharge occurs
before or after the OA has declared the final dividend (see [40]–[65] above).
If a discharged bankrupt desires that a particular item of property in his
estate, or his entire estate, should revest in him for some reason, it would
be prudent for him first to contact the OA to state his reasons and/or
proposals. If the OA agrees with him, then it is for the OA to carry out the
necessary steps for the transfer of title to the discharged bankrupt. If the
OA disagrees, or imposes conditions with which the discharged bankrupt
disagrees, then he should apply to the court pursuant to s 31 of the BA for
review of the OA’s decision.

67 Although the terms of s 31 of the BA leave it open to the discharged
bankrupt to apply directly to the court without first contacting the OA, we
think that it would be sensible for the course of action outlined above to be
adopted. If the OA agrees with the discharged bankrupt’s representations, then
the cost and time of the application and hearing would be saved.

Conclusion

68 For the above reasons, we dismiss the appeal. No order is made as to costs.

69 We observe that the letter of 18 September 2008 from the Board to the
appellant (which appears to be the first time she was contacted by either the
Board or the OA in connection with this matter) stated that the Monies would
be released to the OA because she was an undischarged bankrupt. There were no
subsequent representations made to the contrary to the appellant by the OA or
the CPF Board. The fact that the Monies were only paid to the OA after the
appellant’s discharge from bankruptcy was due to an oversight on the OA’s
part. The appellant was not misled in any way by the OA and the Board. It
follows that she did not rely to her detriment on any mistaken perception
created by the OA or the Board that she was entitled to the Monies. In fact,
it was incumbent on the appellant to aid to the utmost of her power in the
realisation of her property and the distribution of the proceeds among her
creditors by the OA: see s 129(1)(_i_) of the BA. Given that she was told by
the Board that the Monies were due to the OA because she was an undischarged
bankrupt at the time of LLK’s death, she cannot then seek to take advantage of
the OA’s oversight by claiming ownership of the Monies.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 02 Nov 2011 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

