Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Robert Bosch GmbH and another _v_ YSH Pte Ltd  
[2011] SGHC 148

Case Number| :| Suit No 400 of 2010 (Registrar's Appeal No 54 of 2011)  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 08 June 2011  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Andrew Ang J  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Adrian Wong and Andrea Baker (Rajah & Tann LLP) and Nurul
Asyikin (Gateway Law Corporation) for the plaintiffs; Mark Goh (Intelleigen
Legal LLC) for the defendant.  
Parties| :|  ROBERT BOSCH GMBH — ROBERT BOSCH (SEA) PTE LTD — YSH PTE LTD  
  
**[LawNet Admin Note:**

**Errata:** In the heading above [23] and the first sentence of [23], it
should read “O 18 r 19” instead of “O 18 r 9”.

The HTML incorporates the above amendment.]

8 June 2011|  
---|---  
  
Andrew Ang J:

Introduction

1 The plaintiffs, Robert Bosch GmbH and Robert Bosch (SEA) Pte Ltd (“the
Plaintiffs”), appealed against the judgment of the assistant registrar (“the
Assistant Registrar”) in Suit No 400 of 2010 (“Suit 400”). The AR had allowed
an application taken out by YSH Pte Ltd (“the Defendant”) to discontinue the
Plaintiffs’ action on the basis that the parties had agreed to a valid
settlement agreement on 7 January 2011.

2 After hearing the submissions of the Plaintiffs and the Defendant, I allowed
the Plaintiffs’ appeal. I now give my reasons.

Factual background

3 Suit 400 was initiated by the Plaintiffs against the Defendant for trademark
infringement, passing off and copyright infringement.

4 There was some attempt by the parties to reach a settlement agreement. In
particular, in a letter dated 29 December 2010 (“the Offer”), the Plaintiffs’
solicitors wrote to the Defendant’s solicitors stating the following:

Our clients have instructed us to counter-propose the following terms, in full
and final settlement of the current action:

1\. Your client publishes a quarter-page advertisement in The Straits Times
and one local Chinese daily newspaper, which clarifies that the ‘SINGTECH’
wiper blades are wholly unrelated to Bosch’s Aerotwin wiper blades, the exact
wording of which is to be approved by our clients.

2\. Your client pays for the publication of the abovementioned advertisements.

3\. Your client is to provide accurate and useful information regarding the
identity and business practices of the China suppliers or printers which
supplied the packaging that are the subject of the current action. The said
information will only be accepted, if its veracity is confirmed by our
clients’ China associates.

4\. Our clients and your client are to withdraw all claims arising out of the
current action.

5\. Each party will bear their own costs in the matter.

5 The Defendant’s counsel, Mark Goh (writing on behalf of his instructing
solicitors Intelleigen Legal LLC which firm he later joined), replied in a
letter dated 7 January 2011 to the Plaintiffs’ solicitors (“the Reply”). The
Defendant alleged that this constituted an acceptance of the Offer. The
relevant sections of the Reply are as follows:

2\. Our clients’ instructions are as follows:

a. Our clients are agreeable to your clients’ item 1.

b. Our clients are agreeable to your clients’ item 2.

c. As regards item 3, our client is only able to assist you in so far as to
information already available to you through your seizure.

d. Our clients are agreeable to items 4 and 5.

3\. Finally, as all the matters have been substantially agreed, we trust that
all action, including SUM No. 5796 of 2010/C will cease.

6 In a separate application, Summons No 388 of 2011 dated 26 January 2011, the
Defendant applied, pursuant to O 21 r 3 of the Rules of Court (Cap 322, R 5,
2006 Rev Ed) (“the Rules”), for Suit 400 to be discontinued on the basis that
a compromise agreement had been reached as evidenced from the parties’
correspondence.

Decision of the AR

7 The AR allowed the Defendant’s application and directed that Suit 400 be
discontinued on the basis that the parties had agreed to a settlement on 7
January 2011. The third item of the Offer (_ie_ , “Your client is to provide
accurate and useful information ...” reproduced above at [4]) was interpreted
to mean that the Defendant was to provide whatever information it had
regarding the China suppliers. The Reply was not a counter-offer or rejection
because the Defendant had already given the Plaintiffs what they wanted.

Parties’ submissions on appeal

8 The Plaintiffs submitted first, that the Defendant had not accepted the
terms of the Offer; and second, that the terms of the alleged compromise
agreement were too uncertain to be enforceable.

9 The Defendant submitted the following: first, that all the requisite
conditions for a compromise were present and, accordingly, there was an
identifiable agreement that was complete and certain; and second, that the
Plaintiffs’ had acted _mala fides_ and had an “ulterior motive to force and/or
bargain for a better deal” than that which had allegedly crystallised on 7
January 2011.

Decision of this court

The technical point regarding O 21 r 3

10 I found it curious that the Defendant applied to discontinue the
Plaintiffs’ action under O 21 r 3 of the Rules. Even more puzzling, this
application was actually granted by the AR. It is plain that O 21 r 3 only
allows one to discontinue one’s own action, not another party’s. This is clear
from the wording of O 21 r 3(1), reproduced below:

Discontinuance of action, etc., with leave

3.—(1) Except as provided by Rule 2, _a party may not discontinue an action_
(whether begun by writ or otherwise) or counterclaim, or withdraw any
particular claim _made by him_ therein, without the leave of the Court, and
the Court hearing an application for the grant of such leave may order the
action or counterclaim to be discontinued, or any particular claim made
therein to be struck out, as against all or any of the parties against whom it
is brought or made on such terms as to costs, the bringing of a subsequent
action or otherwise as it thinks just.

[emphasis added]

11 In fact, I note that counsel for the Defendant actually stated that he
could not “submit on O 21 r 3” during the Chambers hearing before the AR,
admitting that he “may have got it wrong”. Accordingly, I found that the
Defendant’s application was wholly without grounds or merit. In the same vein,
the AR erred in ordering the Plaintiffs to discontinue their action against
the Defendant pursuant to O 21 r 3.

12 In the interest of expedition, although no application under O 18 r 19 had
been made, I proceeded to consider the matter as though the Defendant had
applied to strike out the Plaintiffs’ action under O 18 r 19. On that basis, I
addressed the following issue of the alleged compromise agreement.

The compromise agreement

The applicable law

13 The law on compromise is well established and was comprehensively detailed
in the recent case of _Gay Choon Ing v Loh Sze Ti Terence Peter_ [2009] 2
SLR(R) 332 at [47]–[72]. Essentially, the general principles of contract law
apply equally to the law of compromise. Thus, a compromise will only arise if
the following requirements are fulfilled (per Andrew Phang JA at [46]–[47]):

(1) _consensus ad idem_ or an identifiable agreement that is complete and
certain (the preferred identifying tool of choice being the traditional “offer
and acceptance” model);

(2) consideration; and

(3) an intention to create legal relations.

To ascertain if an agreement has been reached, the court is to consider the
whole course of the negotiations between both parties, in accordance with the
concepts of offer and acceptance (per Phang JA at [63]). This is an objective
inquiry as emphasised in _Aircharter World Pte Ltd v Kontena Nasional Bhd_
[1999] 2 SLR(R) 440 at [30], _Tribune Investment Trust Inc v Soosan Trading Co
Ltd_ [2000] 2 SLR(R) 407 at [40] and _Chia Ee Lin Evelyn v Teh Guek Ngor
Engelin née Tan_ [2004] 4 SLR(R) 330 at [43].

14 Of the above three requirements, the only one in issue in this case was
whether there was an identifiable agreement that was both complete and
certain.

Application to the facts

15 It was incontrovertible that the terms of the Offer constituted an offer.
This was apparent from the statement “Our clients have instructed us to
counter-propose the following terms, in full and final settlement of the
current action” – in particular, the words “counter-propose” and “full and
final settlement”.

16 The real issue was whether the Reply constituted a final and unqualified
expression of assent to the terms of the Offer or what is typically referred
to as an “acceptance” (as described in Edwin Peel, _Treitel: The Law of
Contract_ (Sweet & Maxwell, 12th Ed, 2007) at para 2-015). In the Reply, the
Defendant’s counsel wrote that the Defendant was “agreeable to” Items 1, 2, 4
and 5 of the Offer (above at [4]). However, with regard to Item 3, which was
as follows:

3\. Your client is to provide accurate and useful information regarding the
identity and business practices of the China suppliers or printers which
supplied the packaging that are the subject of the current action. The said
information will only be accepted, if its veracity is confirmed by our
clients’ China associates.

the Defendant responded with the following:

c. As regards Item 3, our client is only able to assist you in so far as to
information already available to you through your seizure.

17 I found it helpful to focus the discussion on two issues: first,
interpretation of Item 3; and second, whether the reply thereto amounted to an
acceptance.

Interpretation of Item 3

18 To accept the Defendant’s contention that there was a valid compromise, one
would need to interpret Item 3 as a paradoxical request for information
already in the Plaintiffs’ custody subsequent to a seizure order. I found such
an interpretation completely untenable. It would be both illogical and
superfluous for the Plaintiffs to include a request for “useful and accurate
information” in a settlement agreement if it already possessed the same
information. The potential vagueness of the phrase “useful and accurate”
aside, Item 3 should be read as the Plaintiffs asking for _more_ than what was
already available in their custody.

Reply to Item 3 was not an acceptance

19 Even from a cursory reading of the reply to Item 3, I surmised that the
Defendant did not accept the terms of the Offer. A juxtaposition of the reply
to Item 3 and the reply to Items 1, 2, 4 and 5 made the lack of an acceptance,
_viz_ , Item 3, evident. The Defendant’s reply to Items 1, 2, 4 and 5 was
“[o]ur clients are agreeable”. In contrast, the reply to Item 3 contains no
mention of any agreement or any cognate term. Instead, the reply to Item 3
reads: “As regards item 3, our client is only able to assist you in so far as
to information already available to you through your seizure.” Consequently,
the obvious logical conclusion one could draw was that the Defendant was _not_
agreeable to Item 3.

20 Going deeper into the substance of the reply to Item 3, it was equally
clear that it could not in any circumstance be described as an unequivocal and
unqualified expression of assent to the terms in Item 3 (which were determined
above at [18] to be a request for information not presently in the Plaintiffs’
custody). At best, the reply to Item 3 might be considered qualified
acceptance of the Offer leaving the agreement incomplete – but, even then, I
did not find this to be so, as mentioned above at [19]. In fact, I found it
more likely that the reply to Item 3 amounted to a rejection and counter-
offer.

21 As the reply to Item 3 did not correlate to the request in Item 3 for
“useful and accurate information”, I found that the Defendant’s reply plainly
did _not_ constitute an acceptance. Although the Defendant agreed to Items 1,
2, 4 and 5, they crucially it did not assent to Item 3. Consequently,
negotiations between the parties had not crystallised into a contractually
binding compromise agreement.

22 Having already determined that no compromise agreement had crystallised, I
found it unnecessary to consider the Plaintiffs’ second contention, _viz_ ,
that the terms of the reply to Item 3 were too vague and uncertain to be
enforceable.

O 18 r 19 did not apply

23 Apart from the allegation that a compromise agreement had been reached,
nothing else that would constitute grounds for invoking O 18 r 19 was pleaded.
There was no other suggestion that the Plaintiffs’ case was scandalous,
frivolous or vexatious. There was similarly nothing else which indicated that
allowing the Plaintiffs’ action would prejudice, embarrass or delay the fair
trial of the action or that it would be an abuse of the process of the court.
Finally, the Defendant did not argue that the Plaintiffs’ Suit 400 did not
disclose a reasonable cause of action.

24 Accordingly, having found that a compromise agreement had not been reached,
I concluded that O 18 r 19 did not apply.

25 I therefore allowed the Plaintiffs’ appeal and set aside the costs order
below. I allowed the Plaintiffs’ costs of the appeal and below in the sum of
$4,000 together with reasonable disbursements.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 08 Jun 2011 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

