Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Public Prosecutor _v_ Nagaenthran a/l K Dharmalingam  
[2011] SGHC 15

Case Number| :| Criminal Case No 23 of 2010  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 19 January 2011  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Chan Seng Onn J  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Toh Shin Hao, Samuel Chua and Serene Seet (Attorney-
General's Chambers) for the prosecution; Amolat Singh and Balvir Singh Gill
(Assigned) for the defendant.  
Parties| :|  Public Prosecutor — Nagaenthran a/l K Dharmalingam  
  
19 January 2011|  
---|---  
  
Chan Seng Onn J:

Background

1 The accused was a 22 year old male Indian Malaysian who was charged with the
offence of importing, without any authorisation by law, one packet of granular
substance containing not less than 42.72 grams of diamorphine under section 7
of the Misuse of Drugs Act (Cap 185, 2008 Rev Ed) (“MDA”), punishable under
section 33 of the MDA read with the Second Schedule to the MDA.

2 The undisputed facts were as follows. On 22 April 2009, at about 7.45pm, the
accused and his friend, one Kumarsen, were stopped at the Woodlands Checkpoint
while entering Singapore from Malaysia on a motorcycle. Kumarsen was the rider
while the accused rode pillion. A strip search conducted shortly after the
accused and Kumarsen were escorted to the Immigration and Checkpoints
Authority Car Arrival Secondary Team Office (“ST Office”) at Woodlands
Checkpoint uncovered a newspaper-wrapped bundle (“the Bundle”) secured by
yellow tape to the accused’s left thigh side of a red pair of boxer briefs
which the accused was wearing over his V-shaped underwear. Inside the Bundle
was some white granular substance in a transparent plastic bag. The white
granular substance was subsequently analysed and found to contain not less
than 42.72 grams of diamorphine. Nothing was found on Kumarsen during the
strip search.

3 After the discovery of the Bundle, both the accused and Kumarsen were
immediately placed under arrest. Their statements were recorded. Kumarsen was
subsequently released while the accused was charged with the offence for which
he claimed trial.

4 The admissibility of the accused’s statements recorded by the Central
Narcotics Bureau (“CNB”) officers was not disputed at trial. It was also not
disputed that at the time of the alleged offence, the accused was living in a
shared apartment in Johor Bahru with some of his friends (including Kumarsen
and Kumarsen’s wife) and one Shalini whom the accused claimed to be his
girlfriend.

The Prosecution’s case

5 The Prosecution submitted that the accused was guilty of the offence charged
because he knew that he was importing the controlled drug heroin into
Singapore at the material time. In particular, the Prosecution argued that the
accused already had either actual knowledge or imputed knowledge (in the form
of wilful blindness) of the actual contents found in the Bundle when he was
stopped at Woodlands Checkpoint on 22 April 2009.

6 The main evidence of the Prosecution to establish actual knowledge were,
_inter alia_ , the testimony of the CNB officer (“Sergeant Shahrulnizam”) who
conducted the strip search on the accused and the accused’s alleged admission
as to his knowledge in his long statement recorded by another CNB officer
(“Sergeant Vasanthakumar”) shortly after his arrest. Based on Sergeant
Shahrulnizam’s oral testimony, upon his discovery of the Bundle on the
accused’s left inner thigh during the strip search and upon retrieval of the
Bundle from the accused’s body (in the course of which part of the Bundle’s
newspaper wrapping was torn off, hence exposing parts of the transparent
plastic packaging containing the white granular substance), he pointed to the
Bundle and asked the accused, “What is this?”, to which the accused replied in
English, “Heroin”.[note: 1] As regards the accused’s alleged admission as to
his knowledge of the actual contents of the Bundle, the relevant parts of the
long statement recorded by Sergeant Vasanthakumar are reproduced here:

Q1) What is this? (Pointing to a zip lock Bag consisting of 1 big packet of
white granular substance, Crushed Newspaper & yellow Tape)

A1) Heroin.

Q2) Whom does it belong to?

A2) It belongs to my Chinese friend who goes by the name of king who strapped
it on my left thigh.

Q3) Why did he strapped it on your left Thigh?

A3) He Strapped it on my left thigh is because it was for my safety and no one
will find it.

Q4) Whom is it to be delivered to?

A4) It is to be delivered to one Chinese recipient who will be driving a dark
blue Camry and he will be meeting me in front of e 7-11 store at Woodlands
Transit.

Q5) Why do you have to deliver the Heroin?

A5) I have to deliver e Heroin is because I owe king money & he promised to
pass me another five hundred dollars after my delivery.

[sic]

7 With regard to the Prosecution’s alternative submission that there was
wilful blindness on the part of the accused as to the actual contents of the
Bundle, the Prosecution argued that although the accused had reason to suspect
that the Bundle contained illegal material when King strapped the Bundle to
the accused’s left inner thigh, the accused person failed to take reasonable
steps to inquire further about the Bundle’s contents despite having sufficient
time and opportunity to do so. As such, the accused was prepared to deliver
the Bundle, as instructed by King, to Singapore regardless of whether it
contained heroin. Relying on the cases of _Iwuchukwu Amara Tochi and another v
Public Prosecutor_ [2006] 2 SLR(R) 503 and _Tan Kiam Peng v Public Prosecutor_
[2008] 1 SLR(R) 1, the Prosecution contended that the accused was in fact
wilfully blind to the actual contents of the Bundle.

8 The Prosecution also submitted that, in any event, the accused failed to
rebut the presumption of knowledge imposed under section 18(2) of the MDA.

The Defence’s case

9 The Defence raised two main points. The first was that the accused did not
have any knowledge of the actual contents of the Bundle. The second was that
the accused had delivered the Bundle under duress by King, a person whom the
accused had got acquainted with in Johor Bahru some four to five months before
the accused’s arrest and who had been, _inter alia_ , regularly paying for the
accused’s food and drinks when they met up in Johor Bahru. According to the
accused, he had also accepted loans from King on several past occasions.[note:
2]

10 In support of the plea of duress, the accused claimed that he had delivered
the Bundle out of fear that his girlfriend, Shalini (whom he was deeply in
love with and whom he had intended to marry), would be killed by King if he
refused to do so. The version of the facts put forth by the accused in this
regard was that he had met King at a food shop in Johor Bahru after his work
at about 6pm on 22 April 2009, a day after the accused had asked King to lend
him RM500 as the accused’s father had to undergo a heart operation on 23 April
2009 in Kuala Lumpur. At the food shop, King handed the accused what was
believed to be a packet of food together with a transparent plastic packet of
curry, telling the accused to deliver those items to King’s “brother” in
Woodlands, Singapore. King told the accused he had to complete the delivery
before any arrangement for the RM500 loan that the accused had requested could
be done. Just as the accused was about to leave with those items, King
suddenly called the accused back and invited him into King’s car. In the car,
King told the accused that he had changed his mind and now needed the accused
to deliver something else to King’s “brother” instead. At this point, King
handed the accused a packet wrapped in newspaper (_ie_ , the Bundle) which
King said contained “company product”, or more particularly “company spares”,
and told the accused that the Bundle had to be tied to the accused’s thigh for
the delivery.[note: 3] The accused resisted, but King slapped and punched the
accused, threatening that if he refused to deliver the Bundle, King would
“finish” and “kill” the accused’s girlfriend, Shalini, whom the accused had
introduced to King previously in the course of their relatively short
acquaintance.[note: 4] That was when the accused capitulated at which point
King proceeded to strap the Bundle onto the accused’s left inner thigh side of
his red boxer briefs using yellow tape.

11 On the Defence’s contention that the accused had no knowledge of the actual
contents of the Bundle, the accused claimed that he did ask King what was in
the Bundle when King initially showed it to him in the car but, as mentioned
above, was swiftly rebuffed by King with violence and the death threat against
Shalini. Although the accused was subsequently sent back to his apartment to
arrange for his own transport for the delivery of the Bundle, the accused
explained that he did not take any steps to ascertain the actual contents of
the Bundle for the following reasons. First, King had told the accused after
strapping the Bundle on the accused’s thigh, “Don’t tell anyone about this
product. If not, see what happens to you”.[note: 5] Second, the accused
claimed he could not open the Bundle as it had been taped onto his red boxer
briefs securely. The accused also lamented that he could not simply throw the
Bundle away or report the entire incident to the police as Shalini’s life was
under threat and he did not have much faith in the effectiveness of the
Malaysian police force.[note: 6]

12 In his defence, the accused also claimed that his statement to Sergeant
Vasanthakumar was not properly recorded and was not read back to him before he
was asked to sign the statement.[note: 7] In particular, he claimed that he
did not make any admission as to his knowledge of the contents of the Bundle
to any of the CNB officers present during his arrest. The accused also alleged
that Sergeant Shahrulnizam had used vulgarities and violence on him during the
strip search and, upon finding the white granular substance in the Bundle, had
presumptuously suggested to the accused that the Bundle contained “ _thool_ ”,
a Tamil word colloquially used to mean “powder” or, more precisely,
drugs.[note: 8]

13 Lastly, the accused also explained that the reason why he was wearing a
pair of red boxer briefs over his V-shaped underwear on the day of his arrest
was because he was then working as a welder and needed to protect himself
during welding from abrasions and lacerations to the sides of his
thighs.[note: 9]

The decision

Was there a factual threat amounting to duress in law?

14 I will deal first with the issue of whether the defence of duress was made
out both in evidence and in law before addressing the issue of the accused’s
knowledge (or lack thereof) of the actual contents of the Bundle.

15 The general defence of duress is provided for in section 94 of the Penal
Code (Cap 224, 2008 Rev Ed) (“Penal Code”) which reads:

**Act to which a person is compelled by threats**

**94**. Except murder and offences against the State punishable with death,
nothing is an offence which is done by a person who is compelled to do it by
threats, which, at the time of doing it, reasonably cause the apprehension
that instant death to that person or any other person will otherwise be the
consequence:

Provided that the person doing the act did not of his own accord, or from a
reasonable apprehension of harm to himself short of instant death, place
himself in the situation by which he became subject to such constraint.

_Explanation 1_.—A person who, of his own accord, or by reason of a threat of
being beaten, joins gang-robbers knowing their character, is not entitled to
the benefit of this exception on the ground of his having been compelled by
his associates to do anything that is an offence by law.

Explanation 2.—A person seized by gang-robbers, and forced by threat of
instant death to do a thing which is an offence by law — for example, a smith
compelled to take his tools and to force the door of a house for the gang-
robbers to enter and plunder it — is entitled to the benefit of this
exception.

16 The ingredients of the defence of duress has been recently explained in the
case of _Public Prosecutor v Ng Pen Tine and Another_ [2009] SGHC 230 at [154]
(“ _Ng Pen Tine_ ”):

Accordingly, the following requirements must be satisfied before the 2nd
accused’s plea of duress may be successful: (i) the harm that the accused was
threatened with was death; (ii) the threat was directed at the accused or
other persons which would include any of his family members; (iii) the threat
was of “instant” death; (iv) the accused reasonably apprehended that the
threat will be carried out; and (v) the accused had not, voluntarily or from a
reasonable apprehension of harm to himself short of instant death, placed
himself in that situation.

17 It is trite law that the standard of proof necessary for the defence of
duress to succeed is that of a balance of probabilities (see, _eg_ , _Chu Tak
Fai v Public Prosecutor_ [1998] 4 MLJ 246). Duress under section 94 of the
Penal Code must be “imminent, persistent and extreme” (see, _eg_ , _Public
Prosecutor v Goh Hock Huat_ [1994] 3 SLR(R) 375; _Wong Yoke Wah v Public
Prosecutor_ [1995] 3 SLR(R) 776; _Shaiful Edham bin Adam and another v Public
Prosecutor_ [1999] 1 SLR(R) 442; _Teo Hee Heng v Public Prosecutor_ [2000] 2
SLR(R) 351), with the word “imminent” suggesting that the threatened harm need
not be carried out immediately or within a very short time span (see _Ng Pen
Tine_ at [155]).

18 Having set out the principles governing the defence of duress, I now turn
first to the evidence relied upon by the Defence in support of the defence of
duress. Having heard the evidence, I found it difficult to accept that the
defence of duress was evidentially substantiated on a balance of
probabilities. I was not sufficiently satisfied on the evidence that the
accused had successfully discharged his burden in proving that the character
named “King” did in fact coerce the accused into delivering the Bundle by
threatening to “finish” and “kill” Shalini. Indeed, I would have been more
prepared to accept the truth of the existence of King’s threat had there been
some cogent evidence adduced to show any harassment or physical harm being
visited upon Shalini after the accused failed to deliver the Bundle because of
the accused’s arrest. In fact, it was brought to my attention by the parties
at trial that nothing untoward seemed to have happened to Shalini after the
accused’s attempt to deliver the Bundle to King’s “brother” failed. This,
while admittedly not in itself conclusive, nevertheless would still go some
way in demonstrating that the entire episode of King’s threat could have been
a fabrication or afterthought by the accused after all. More importantly, when
the accused was first asked by the CNB officers why he had to deliver the
Bundle to Woodlands, there was no mention at all by the accused of any threat
made by King on Shalini’s life. In his long statement recorded by Sergeant
Vasanthakumar, the accused merely stated in response to the question asked of
him:[note: 10]

Q5) Why do you have to deliver the Heroin?

A5) I have to deliver e Heroin is because I owe king money & he promised to
pass me another five hundred dollars after my delivery.

[sic]

19 During cross-examination, the accused sought to explain that he had omitted
to mention King’s threat to Sergeant Vasanthakumar because he was “frightened”
and not in the “right state of mind”, and he “could not think”.[note: 11] I
did not believe the accused, given that the accused did in fact provide an
explanation in his statement to Sergeant Vasanthakumar in the end as to why he
delivered the Bundle, albeit one that was of no help whatsoever to his defence
as compared to his subsequent explanation that he was delivering the Bundle
under King’s threat. That such a paramount explanation of duress was not
provided at all when the accused was first questioned by Sergeant
Vasanthakumar rendered the accused’s story of King’s threat unbelievable given
that (1) the threat directly concerned Shalini with whom the accused claimed
he was deeply in love;[note: 12] (2) the accused had through his own evidence
accepted that he was at all times aware of the dire legal consequences one
could potentially face if one was charged and convicted for bringing illicit
drugs into Singapore;[note: 13] (3) King’s threat, if true would have gone
some way to exonerate the accused and it was not something that the accused
would readily forget or omit to mention even under stressful conditions as a
result of being arrested; and (4) an accused person would generally be far
more likely, upon being questioned soon after his arrest, to mention facts to
establish his innocence or to establish some form of defence (such as duress)
to the possible offences that he might be faced with. I found it highly
improbable that the accused who claimed to have been mistreated, assaulted and
wrongly accused by CNB officers (see [12] above) despite his own belief as to
his innocence would fail to explain himself more fully in his statement to
Sergeant Vasanthakumar. Indeed, one would have thought that a person who
genuinely believed himself to be wronged by the authorities would all the more
have protested his innocence with the greatest of resolve and rigour possible.
Yet, that did not happen in this case.

20 For the sake of completeness, even if I were to accept the accused’s
version of facts to be credible, the defence of duress would still not succeed
in law. According to the accused’s own evidence, he was driven back to his
apartment after the alleged threatening episode in King’s car. At the
apartment, the accused met Shalini and, without relating to her (or, for that
matter, anyone) what had happened in King’s car, told her to stay in the
apartment at all times. When the accused was finally ready to leave for
Woodlands with the help of Kumarsen, there was no sight of anyone suspicious
in the vicinity around the apartment.[note: 14]

21 In my judgment, the ingredients of the defence of duress would not be
sufficiently made out even on the accused’s own evidence because the accused
could not be said to have reasonably apprehended that King’s threat would
actually be carried out if he refused to deliver the Bundle. As correctly
pointed out by the Prosecution in its submissions, it would be easy to make a
verbal threat to kill someone else without actually intending to execute that
threat issued. Here, King had merely made a verbal threat to kill Shalini if
the accused refused to deliver the Bundle. Unlike in the case of _Ng Pen Tine_
(see [16] above), there was no indication whatsoever that King was a very
influential and powerful gangster who had a team of followers capable of
keeping watch over the accused and Shalini at all times, as well as to carry
out the threats made by King upon King’s command; there was hardly any basis
for the accused to claim that there was reasonable apprehension that King’s
threat would be put into action at all. Furthermore, the accused under cross-
examination had actually expressed his general opinion that King “doesn’t look
like” and was “not such a person” who would engage in illicit activities such
as drug dealing, let alone commit murder:[note: 15]

[After being asked whether the accused was suspicious of the actual contents
in the Bundle when King strapped the Bundle onto his thigh...]

Q Yes, because you’re suspicious, right? King strapped it to your thigh. So
you are suspicious and bec---and that is because you think that it could be
illicit drugs, right?

A I never thought it could be drugs.

Q Oh, so why---why is that so?

A Because King is not---not such a person. He doesn’t look like that.

22 It is apposite to pause here to consider one of the Prosecution’s
submissions made. In the course of its submissions, the Prosecution seemed to
have adopted an extremely narrow and literal approach in interpreting section
94 of the Penal Code. In particular, the Prosecution submitted, _inter alia_ ,
that:

First and foremost, there must have been **a threat of instant death** to
Shalini, as required explicitly in section 94 of the Penal Code. As stated in
_Mohd Sairi bin Suri v PP_ , the defence is not made out if it was a threat to
**__cause death at a later date or time__**. Assuming that the accused’s
version is believed – while there may be a threat of death, the verbal
utterances of King at about 6.40 p.m. at Hamid’s Corner that Shalini would be
killed if he did not make the delivery – could not, by any stretch of
imagination – be tantamount to a threat of instant death to Shalini. In the
first place, King was with the accused at the vicinity of Hamid’s Corner when
the threat was made, and Shalini was not with them at the time the threat was
made. If the accused refused to allow King to strap the bundle on him, there
is no basis for having a reasonable apprehension that Shalini would be
instantly killed by doing so. There is no evidence to show that King would
somehow have mobilised a hit squad to assassinate Shalini **_immediately_** at
their home if the accused defied King at Hamid’s Corner. [emphasis in
original]

The material part of the Court of Appeal’s decision in _Mohd Sairi bin Suri v
Public Prosecutor_ [1997] SGCA 57 (“ _Mohd Sairi_ ”), which was relied upon by
the Prosecution in its submission, read as follows:

Even accepting the evidence of the appellant the defence of duress would still
fail. The learned trial judge held that the defence of duress under s 94 of
the Penal Code was available only to a person who at the time of committing
the offence was labouring under reasonable fear that instant death would
otherwise be the consequence. _The defence would not succeed if the threat was
that death would be caused at a later date or time_. In particular, where a
person had an opportunity of seeking relief or help, or where he had the time
to remove himself physically from the possibility of instant death he could
not claim the protection under that provision. The learned trial judge said in
10 of his grounds of judgment:

Thus, it is not open to the defence to say that a threat comes within that
section if it was a threat to cause death at a later date or time. When a
person had the opportunity of seeking relief or help, or where he had the time
to remove himself physically from the possibility of instant death he cannot
claim protection under this provision. The evidence of the accused himself was
that he took the drugs in his boat and returned to Singapore alone. He then
took a bath, waited for further communication from his alleged tormentor,
changed his clothes, and then walked to the bus-stop to catch a bus. In these
circumstances, the s 94 defence was clearly not available to him. If there was
any threat of instant death made at Teluk Jawa [_ie_ , the place where the
drugs were handed to the accused by the alleged coercer], it might have
absolved him from blame for taking possession of the drugs at Teluk Jawa onto
his boat, but once he had put a reasonable distance between himself and Joe,
any threat of instant death was over.

Given the wording of s 94 of the Penal Code, the learned trial judge on the
evidence before him was entitled to come to this conclusion. What he has held
is consistent with authorities.[emphasis added]

23 I had some reservations as to whether the Prosecution’s submission (as
quoted at [22] above) was accurate as a matter of law. The defence of duress
under section 94 of the Penal Code was amended by the Penal Code (Amendment)
Act 2007 (No 51 of 2007) to its current form. On the Second Reading of the
Penal Code (Amendment) Bill in 2007, the Senior Minister of State for Home
Affairs Associate Professor Ho Peng Kee stated:

Sir, another suggestion arising from the consultation which we have taken on
board, this time from Ms Sylvia Lim, is to expand the scope of the defence of
duress under section 94, to include the threat of instant death to any other
person other than the person himself. This makes sense as when a person is
compelled to do something by a threat which reasonably causes the apprehension
that instant death to any other person will otherwise be the consequence, the
person should be allowed to raise the defence of duress.

24 Quite clearly, the Senior Minister of State in his speech appeared to have
only intended to address the proposed extension of the defence of duress to
situations otherwise previously not covered by the Penal Code (_ie_ , where a
threat reasonably caused the apprehension that instant death to _any other
person_ would otherwise be the consequence) without actually commenting on the
_substance_ of the defence itself (one aspect of which involves the question
of how the words “instant death” are to be interpreted in the context of
section 94). I could find nothing in the Minister’s speech to satisfy myself
that the defence of duress is available _only_ in “instant death” situations
as illustrated by the Prosecution in its submission (as quoted at [22] above).
This was because the Minister did not elucidate the meaning and real context
in which “instant” death was meant to apply. The question hence remains
whether the defence of duress is still available where the interval between
the time at which the coercer’s threat was made to the accused (see point A in
diagram below at [28] ) and the time at or by which execution of the coercer’s
threat would have otherwise been the consequence of the accused’s failure to
commit the crime as instructed (see point C in diagram below at [28]) is
significantly longer than what a plain and ordinary construction of the word
“instant” would normally suggest. As this aspect of the _legal construction_
of section 94 of the Penal Code has never been free from interpretational
controversy historically, it might be useful in my opinion to delve into the
jurisprudence on section 94 of the Penal Code for further and better guidance.

25 Historically, the controversy over the proper legal parameters of section
94 of the Penal Code had always been centred on the perceived struggle between
two competing schools of thought. The first school of thought held that
“instant death” connoted _immediacy_ of death that would follow had the
accused person refused to break the law, whereas the second school of thought
preferred a more liberal construction of section 94 so that _imminence_ of
death would be sufficient to attract a good defence of duress. In Stanley Yeo
_et al_ , _Criminal Law in Malaysia and Singapore: a Casebook Companion_
(LexisNexis, 2009) at p 547 (“Stanley Yeo _et al_ ”), the authors wrote:

In spite of the clear invocation under s 94 that the coercer must have
threatened to kill the accused _instantly_ should he or she refuse to break
the law, the term ‘imminent’ has crept into the judicial authorities on the
subject. The difference between the words ‘instant’ and ‘imminent’ is not a
mere matter of semantics. The former requires the threatened harm to be
carried out within a very short time and is synonymous with the word
‘immediate’. In contrast, the term ‘imminent’ is synonymous with ‘impending’
and it permits a longer time interval to occur between the accused’s refusal
to break the law and the coercer’s carrying out of the threat. [emphasis in
original]

For the sake of clarity, “instant” had been defined in the English language to
mean “[t]he point of time now present, or regarded as present with reference
to some action or event” and “[a]n infinitely short space of time”, while the
word “imminent” was defined as “[i]mpending threateningly, hanging over one’s
head; ready to befall or overtake one; close at hand in its incidence; coming
on shortly”: see _The Oxford English Dictionary_ vol VII (Clarendon Press, 2nd
Ed, 1989). The meanings of these words have largely remained unchanged in the
English language today.

26 According to the authors in Stanley Yeo _et al_ , the ‘creeping’ into the
judicial authorities of the term “imminent” was, as far as the legal history
of Singapore’s Penal Code was concerned, probably first witnessed in an old
Malayan Court of Criminal Appeal decision of _Tan Seng Ann v Public
Prosecutor_ [1949] MLJ 87 (“ _Tan Seng Ann_ ”) where it was held:

Counsel for the appellant attacked that part of the learned Judge’s directions
to the Assessors on the ground that he had directed them that only fear of
immediate death would be a sufficient excuse.

We can find nothing wrong in these directions. It is clear from s 94 itself
and from decided cases e.g.**__**_M’Growther’s Case_ and _R v Stratton_ , that
duress to be pleaded successfully must be imminent, extreme and persistent.
There is nothing on the record in this case to suggest that duress was present
or continued when the appellant went out in the car with the other Chinese on
18 July, 1948.

27 The question thus arose as to what the court’s aim was in introducing the
term “imminent” in its legal analysis in _Tan Seng Ann_ in spite of the fact
that section 94 had already expressly provided for “instant death”. From the
outset, I think it would be too presumptuous of anyone to think that the court
by introducing the term “imminent” had actually meant for it to eclipse the
ordinary English meaning of the word “instant” such that the word “instant” is
rendered totally redundant under section 94 of the Penal Code. This was
especially so in light of the absence of any express words to such effect
found in the judgment itself (in any event, too, that would be an unjustified
judicial re-writing of what had been expressly provided for by the drafters of
the Penal Code decades ago, having in mind the doctrine of separation of
powers between the legislature and the judiciary in our legal system). Neither
could it be reasonably reckoned that the court in _Tan Seng Ann_ had used the
term “imminent” erroneously thinking that it was synonymous with “instant” or
“immediate”.

28 In my opinion, the most sensible explanation that would account for the use
of the term “imminent” in _Tan Seng Ann_ was the court in _Tan Seng Ann_ had
actually intended to _synthesise_ both the notions of immediacy and imminence
of death in the defence of duress so that, in order for the defence to
succeed, a threat must both be “imminent, persistent and extreme” in its
character _and_ capable of impressing upon the accused person (and did in fact
impress or was still impressing upon the accused person at the time of the
commission of the offence) a reasonable apprehension that “instant death”
would otherwise be the consequence of the accused’s failure to commit the
crime. In other words, the requirement of “instant death” as contemplated by
the accused governs the time permitted to elapse between the time at or by
which an accused is supposed to commit the crime as instructed by the coercer
(see point B in diagram below) and the time at or by which the contemplated
execution of the coercer’s threat would have otherwise been the consequence of
the accused’s failure to commit the crime as instructed (see point C in
diagram below), whereas the requirement of “imminent, persistent and extreme”
went towards the causality between the threat acting on the mind of the
accused and the breaking of the law by the accused person. Where the accused
person had a reasonable opportunity to escape from or neutralise the threat
made by the coercer, the causation link would be broken and the defence of
duress would then not be available to the accused. The diagram below (not
drawn to scale) illustrates the thought or mental processes going on within
the accused’s mind that have to be examined for the purpose of the defence of
duress:

![](data:image/png;base64,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)

29 In my view, such a conception of the law of duress would not be at odds
with the Court of Appeal’s holding in _Mohd Sairi_ (see [22] above)
notwithstanding the Court of Appeal’s declaration that “[t]he defence would
not succeed if the threat was that death would be caused at a later date or
time”. This was because of the sentence which immediately followed from that
particular declaration:

In particular, where a person had an opportunity of seeking relief or help, or
where he had the time to remove himself physically from the possibility of
instant death he could not claim the protection under that provision.

30 I was further fortified in holding the view that the declaration was not an
absolute and unqualified one because the Court of Appeal in _Mohd Sairi_ had
also referred to _Tan Seng Ann_ which, as discussed earlier, introduced the
use of the word “imminent” in the court’s legal analysis and reasoning (see
[26] above). That the Court of Appeal went on in the same judgment to express
that the Malaysian court in _Mohamed Yusof bin Haji Ahmad v Public Prosecutor_
[1983] 2 MLJ 97 had found that “at the time the accused committed the offence
there was no longer _any imminent danger of instant death_ to the accused”
[emphasis added] further supported my view that the declaration in _Mohd
Sairi_ (_ie_ , that the defence would be unavailable if the threat was that
death would be caused at a later date or time) was not meant to be read in an
absolutist manner at all.

31 Based on the foregoing analysis, I therefore formed the view that for the
purposes of the defence of duress, the law permitted an interval to exist
between the time at which the coercer’s threat was made to the accused (see
point A in diagram above at [28]) and the time at or by which execution of the
coercer’s threat would have otherwise been the consequence of the accused’s
failure to commit the crime as instructed (see point C in diagram above at
[28]).

32 Before leaving the issue of duress entirely, I would deal briefly with the
accused’s allegations regarding Sergeant Shahrulnizam’s assault during the
strip search (see [12] above). In the accused’s own evidence, Sergeant
Shahrulnizam’s punches had landed on exactly the same spot where King had
previously assaulted him in King’s car.[note: 16] At one point, the accused
also testified that as a result of Sergeant Shahrulnizam’s assault, the
accused had suffered some bleeding from his mouth.[note: 17] Suffice it for me
to say that if the accused’s allegations against Sergeant Shahrulnizam were
indeed true, the post-statement recording medical examination conducted on the
accused would have detected at least some physical injuries on the accused
sustained from not just one but two episodes of violence which had occurred
within a relatively short time interval. However, nothing unusual was detected
at the medical examination as evidenced by the medical report admitted in
evidence.[note: 18] In the absence of any further cogent explanation from the
accused, I therefore dismissed the accused’s allegations against Sergeant
Shahrulnizam.

The accused’s knowledge of the actual contents found in the Bundle

33 From the outset of this case, it was not in dispute between the parties
that the accused was in possession of the Bundle when he was stopped at
Woodlands Checkpoint in Singapore. However, the degree or extent of the
accused’s knowledge of what exactly was inside the Bundle wrapped in newspaper
was disputed. In the course of its submissions, the Prosecution endeavoured to
make out a positive case, beyond reasonable doubt based on the available
evidence, that the accused did have actual knowledge or imputed knowledge (by
virtue of wilful blindness) of the actual contents of the Bundle at the
material time of the offence. I accepted that the statements made to the CNB
officers had been accurately recorded. The statements, admitted by the accused
to be voluntarily given to the CNB officers, showed that the accused had
actual knowledge that the Bundle contained heroin, and not merely some kind of
controlled drug the nature of which was unknown to him. If I was wrong, then I
would find that the accused failed to rebut the presumption – also relied upon
by the Prosecution as its alternative submission – provided under section
18(2) of the MDA which reads:

(2) Any person who is proved or presumed to have had a controlled drug in his
possession shall, until the contrary is proved, be presumed to have known the
nature of that drug.

34 My reasons are as follows. The version of facts that the Defence had put
forth in support of the accused’s defence of duress were inextricably the same
alleged facts relied upon to show that the accused lacked knowledge of the
actual contents found in the Bundle. The accused alleged that he was forced by
King to deliver the Bundle containing “company spares” or “company product”
(not heroin) to King’s brother in Singapore as he feared for Shalini’s life.
For reasons already given, I did not accept the accused’s version of facts to
be true, in particular the alleged fact that King had assaulted the accused
and threatened to kill Shalini if the accused refused to (1) let King strap
onto his left thigh the Bundle, which King told him contained “company spares”
or “company product” and (2) deliver the strapped Bundle to King’s “brother”
in Singapore. On this basis alone, the Defence was therefore left with no
other credible evidence upon which to discharge the burden of proof placed on
the accused to rebut the presumption imposed by section 18(2) of the MDA, _ie_
, that the accused knew that the Bundle found in his possession in fact
contained heroin.

Conclusion

35 For all the reasons stated above, I therefore found that the accused was
guilty of the offence charged. Accordingly, the accused was convicted and
sentenced to death as mandated by section 33 of the MDA read together with the
Second Schedule to the MDA.

* * *

[note: 1]Notes of Evidence, Day 2, p 63; Agreed Bundle, p 84.

[note: 2]Notes of Evidence, Day 3, p 10.

[note: 3]Notes of Evidence, Day 3, p 20.

[note: 4]Notes of Evidence, Day 3, p 19.

[note: 5]Notes of Evidence, Day 3, p 21.

[note: 6]Notes of Evidence, Day 4, pp 51, 53.

[note: 7]Defence Closing Submissions, p 26.

[note: 8]Notes of Evidence, Day 3, p 26.

[note: 9]Notes of Evidence, Day 3, p 21.

[note: 10]Agreed Bundle, p 101.

[note: 11]Notes of Evidence, Day 5, p 46.

[note: 12]Defence Closing Submissions, p 9.

[note: 13]Notes of Evidence, Day 4, p 76.

[note: 14]Notes of Evidence, Day 4, pp 48-9.

[note: 15]Notes of Evidence, Day 4, pp 82-3.

[note: 16]Notes of Evidence, Day 5, pp 52-3.

[note: 17]Notes of Evidence, Day 5, pp 55-6.

[note: 18]Agreed Bundle, pp 43-4.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 19 Jan 2011 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

