Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Public Prosecutor _v_ Leow Kok Meng  
[2011] SGHC 85

Case Number| :| Criminal Case No 48 of 2009  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 08 April 2011  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Kan Ting Chiu J  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Leong Wing Tuck and Cassandra Cheong (Attorney-General's
Chambers) for the Prosecution; Lim Lay Choo Jennifer (Straits Law Practice
LLC) for the Accused.  
Parties| :|  Public Prosecutor — Leow Kok Meng  
  
8 April 2011|  
---|---  
  
Kan Ting Chiu J:

1 The accused Leow Kok Meng pleaded guilty to one charge of culpable homicide
not amounting to murder under s 304(a) of the Penal Code (Cap 224, 2008 Rev
Ed) and one charge of voluntarily causing grievous hurt by means of a knife
under s 326 of the Penal Code. He was convicted on the charges and sentenced
to life imprisonment for each offence with two offences of vandalism taken
into consideration for the purpose of sentencing. The offences were committed
on 29 August 2008. The accused was 47 years 10 months old at that time, and is
50 years 4 months old now.

The facts

2 The accused had attacked two persons. The person in the first offence was
Karunagaran s/o Jaganathan (“Karunagaran”), who died, and the person in the
second offence was Balan s/o G Krishnan (“Balan”), who was injured.

3 The accused, Karunagaran and Balan used to hang out in the Mei Ling Street
vicinity. They knew one another; Karunagaran and Balan were good friends, but
they were not on friendly terms with the accused as the accused had fought
with Karunagaran a few years ago.

4 According to the accused, he ran into Karunagaran and Balan on several
occasions on the day of the offence, starting from the morning. Karunagaran
verbally abused him and his mother in Hokkien, but he kept out of the way of
Karunagaran and Balan, and went about attending to his own matters, which
included drinking stout and whiskey. When he was returning home in the
afternoon, he noted that Karunagaran and Balan were still there. That annoyed
him, and when he got home, he retrieved a hunting knife, put it in a sheath,
then tucked the knife and sheath under his T-shirt, left his home and went
downstairs.

5 What happened next were described in the Statement of Facts which he had
admitted:

20 At about 4.45 p.m., the accused approached Balan who was seated at one of
the benches at the fountain area in front of Block 157 Mei Ling Street. The
accused pointed the knife at Balan. Without saying a word, the accused
attacked Balan with the knife.

21\. Balan tried to ward off the accused’s attack. Balan asked the accused why
he was attacking him, to which the accused replied in a confrontational
manner, “what, what”. In the course of the accused’s knife attack, the accused
inflicted multiple injuries on Balan.

...

23\. At about this time, the deceased came to the fountain area and he saw the
accused attacking Balan. The deceased then shouted at the accused. The accused
turned his attention towards the deceased and attacked the deceased repeatedly
with the knife. Consequently, the accused inflicted multiple incised and stab
wounds on the deceased with the intention of causing such bodily injury as was
likely to cause death.

24\. As a result of the accused’s attack, the deceased staggered and collapsed
outside the fountain area. Balan managed to leave the scene and went up to the
deceased’s flat at the 16th level of Block 154 to inform the deceased’s sister
about what had happened to the deceased.

When the police arrived at the scene and arrested the accused, he was in an
intoxicated state, speaking incoherently and had to be supported to get to a
police car.

The injuries inflicted

6 Karunagaran died at the scene of the attack. Post-mortem examination
revealed that there were 15 stab and incised wounds over different parts of
his body. The cause of his death was certified as “multiple stab and incised
wounds”.

7 Balan sustained multiple lacerations on his right palm, chest and back. The
lacerations to the palm had resulted in 100% cuts to two tendons and a median
nerve.

Psychiatric evidence on the accused

8 Dr Arthur Lee, Senior Consultant Psychiatrist & Acting Chief, Addiction
Medicine Department, Institute of Mental Health examined the accused in
September 2008. In his report dated 13 October 2008, Dr Lee noted that the
accused had a history of daily and excessive alcohol consumption going back
more than 10 years. In the conclusion of his report, Dr Lee stated:

10 **_Diagnosis and Opinion_** – From the information available, my
examination of the accused and interviews with his sister and the 3
independent Police eye-witnesses (first to arrive at the scene), Mr Leow, _an
ex-heroin addict (with likely Anti-Social Personality traits and low average
intelligence_), has **_Alcohol Dependence_**. His family history of alcoholism
(2 siblings), recent emergency treatment for **_low brain glucose with alcohol
withdrawal seizures at Alexandra Hospital 2 weeks before the alleged
incident_** , _and past visual hallucinations with recent abnormal liver
function tests_ are all consistent with **moderately severe alcohol
dependence**. Three objective witnesses (all Policemen first on-site, 2
immediately whilst he was still holding the knife) gave independent and
concurring accounts of his strong alcoholic smell, overtly intoxicated and
abnormal behavior with grossly unsteady gait. His perceptions, delusional
belief (that the deceased planned to attack him with a metal rod), judgment
and actions at the time of the alleged offence were all likely significantly
influenced by his _severe Alcohol Intoxication_ with _possible exacerbation of
low glucose (skipped lunch)_. The accused had **_severe Alcohol
Intoxication_** (blood alcohol level likely well above 300mg% at the material
time, given that _5 hours after his arrest, blood alcohol_ tested remained
_unusually high at_** _297mg%_****)**. In my opinion – even though he was not
of unsound mind at the material time, (in that he was aware of the nature and
consequence of his actions), his **persecutory delusion, impaired judgment,
loss of control and incoherence** are consistent with **alcohol-induced
psychosis** ie an **abnormality of mind which has substantially impaired his
mental responsibility for his actions**. At present, he is mentally fit to
plead and stand trial in Court.

[emphasis in original]

9 Dr Lee followed up on the report with his opinion on whether the accused
would be a serious danger to the public for an indeterminate period of time
and whether the accused needed psychiatric care and treatment for an
indefinite period of time. In a letter dated 5 October 2009, he stated:

From the history and mental state of the accused at the time of the alleged
offence, 3 areas pertaining to possible future dangerousness in this case are
of particular concern:

a Past history of drug related imprisonment and recidivism – the background of
his long term history of substance and alcohol dependence and imprisonment:
incarceration at [Drug Rehabilitation Centre] 4 times (heroin addiction) and
imprisonment for drug related offences.

b **_At the time of the alleged offence – his_** [sic] **_had persecutory
delusions, impulsive and unrestrained. dangerous acting-out with a knife after
severe alcohol intoxication_** leading to the deceased man’s death through
multiple stabbing.

c Prognosis for the future – the likelihood of relapse for alcohol dependence
and intoxication is high in this case, especially with a strong family history
of heavy drinking (2 siblings), his co-morbid substance dependence, antisocial
personality traits, lack of remorse and no previous evidence of active
engagement nor compliance with treatment.

Treatment and rehabilitation will depend on this accused person’s willingness
to fully accept that he has a problem in the area of dependence on alcohol and
past substance dependence, insight on the psycho-social consequences of his
addictive lifestyle and his commitment to change his behavior and lifestyle.
All seem to be lacking in this case and would not likely lead to his voluntary
treatment especially in the absence of structured supervision, commitment and
accountability

3 In my opinion, the above can be taken as evidence that _the accused is
likely to pose a serious danger to the public_ , given the facts,
circumstances and psychiatric examination of this case which led to the death
of the deceased who was stabbed in broad daylight in public. Hence,
involuntary, **_custodial psychiatric care and treatment for an indefinite
period of time may be beneficial for his mental well being, sustained sobriety
and more importantly, for public safety_**.

[emphasis added]

10 The accused was seen by another psychiatrist, Dr Todd Tomita, Acting Chief
& Consultant Psychiatrist, Department of General & Forensic Psychiatry,
Institute of Mental Health/Woodbridge Hospital. Dr Tomita’s involvement came
after the accused was convicted, and the case had moved onto the sentencing
phase.

11 In his report dated 27 April 2010, Dr Tomita sets out the accused’s
background history:

The defendant is a 49 year old divorced man. He is a recidivist offender with
prior violent convictions.

His background history has been reported in detail in previous reports to the
Court. In brief, the defendant has a primary three education. He has worked in
a variety of odd jobs since then. He reports that his most stable occupation
has been in foot reflexology. He reports having worked in the field for 20
years and obtained a certificate of qualification about 10 years ago.

The defendant reports working at many jobs. He denies having any difficulty
with his employers and told me that he was a reliable employee. However, his
longest job working as an employee has only been for several months at a time.
He told me he usually does odd jobs on contract. He was working in the area of
foot reflexology but stopped around 2007 because he injured his left hand.
After this, he intermittently helped selling durians near his home.

The defendant was married for about two years when he was 40 years old. He has
had about 10 live in relationships with women, the longest of which lasted
five or six years.

the accused’s alcohol and substance use history:

He has had recurrent problems connected with his drinking, which has increased
over the years. In the past few years, he told me that he has been drinking
daily starting in the morning. Prior to his arrest, his average consumption
was 2 or 3 large bottles of beer per day supplemented with whisky about twice
per week. He conceded that he was drinking more in order to get the same
effect from alcohol and he had cravings for alcohol when not drinking.
Although the defendant denied problems with withdrawal or memory problems, Dr.
Arthur Lee’s report noted otherwise. Information obtained from the defendant’s
sister and Alexandra Hospital records indicated that the defendant had
problems with alcoholic blackouts, withdrawal tremours and one episode of
alcohol withdrawal seizures resulting in an admission to Alexandra Hospital in
2008.

and the accused’s past violence history:

His trouble with the law began in his teenage years. He was at [sic] boys home
at age 15 for about two years after being arrested for theft. His adult
criminal record began when he was in National Service. He was discharged from
national Service as a result of criminal convictions and the subsequent prison
term. He has had 5 prior sentencing dates for criminal convictions including
robbery and armed robbery (1980), extortion (1980), voluntarily causing
grievous hurt (1981), using criminal force to deter a public servant (1993),
and voluntarily causing grievous hurt and voluntarily causing hurt with a
dangerous weapon (1998). He has netted sentences of up to 15 months and caning
for 2 of his sentences.

_Robbery and armed robbery (1980)_

The defendant denies committing these offences. A charge of possession of an
offensive weapon was also taken into consideration at sentencing. The
defendant told me had a knife. The Summary of Facts notes that the defendant
and 2 co accused robbed a shopkeeper at knifepoint.

_Voluntarily causing grievous hurt (1981)_

The Statement of Facts notes that the defendant was out with friends drinking
large amounts of alcohol. An accidental collision led to the victim striking
the defendant. The defendant kicked the victim to the ground and stomped on
his face 11-12 times. The victim sustained a severe head injury and was in
hospital for 2 months.

_Voluntarily causing grievous hurt and voluntarily causing hurt with a
dangerous weapon (1998)_

The defendant provided a version of these events which was consistent with the
Statement of Facts. The defendant met and gambled with the 2 victims. He won
and wanted to stop playing. The victims insisted that the defendant continue
to play and an argument ensued. The defendant walked over to a nearby shop and
took up a knife. He approached the 2 victims and slashed them multiple times
in the face, head and shoulders. The defendant told me he had not been
drinking much the day of this incident. He estimated consuming 2 bottles of
beer. The defendant told me that a bystander witnessed the victims punch the
defendant in the face and throw a bottle at him and his testimony in court
helped reduce the sentence.

12 Dr Tomita then presented a Violence Risk Assessment on the accused. In this
Assessment, Dr Tomita noted:

In the defendant’s case, there is definite previous violence beginning with a
conviction for robbery and armed robbery in 1980. Since then, he has had
convictions for extortion (1980), voluntarily causing grievous hurt (1981),
using criminal force to deter a public servant (1993), and voluntarily causing
grievous hurt and voluntarily causing hurt with a dangerous weapon (1998). It
is notable that the 1998 conviction occurred when the defendant was not using
much alcohol. It is also notable that the use of a knife has been a regular
feature of his offending behaviours.

...

Mr. Leow has definite and serious substance use problems. These have remitted,
as he is now unable to readily access alcohol given he is in remand. His
substance use has affected his health, interpersonal relationships, and has
been a factor in some of his offending including the index crimes.

...

_The defendant suffers from an antisocial personality disorder_.

...

_The defendant lacks insight_. He fails to appreciate the connection between a
lifestyle marked by daily drinking and associations with acquaintances who are
also substance abusers. He fails to appreciate that his penchant for taking up
a knife to resolve disputes is a recipe for a violent outcome. For example, in
the index offence he expresses surprise that one of the victims’s [sic] died
but also reports the only solution he had to the problems with the victims was
to get a knife and confront them.

and the Risk Assessment Summary was that:

Overall, **_the defendant would be considered in the moderate range of risk
for future violence_**. Although moderate, **_his risk is likely to be present
over the long term_**. The nature of his violence was predatory when he was
young when he committed robberies for personal gain. His offences have become
more emotionally driven and triggered by interpersonal conflict as he has
grown older. Alcohol use and some degree of intoxication has been a feature of
most but not all of his offences. This is important as it highlights the fact
that personality-based features such as aggressiveness, lack of remorse or
guilt and lack of empathy are factors. Personality traits are by definition
long standing and difficult to modify or change. The severity of his violence
risk is the most concerning feature in this case. Although there have been
only periods of a stability, the most recent offence in 1998 and the index
offence involved the defendant wielding a knife and inflicting potential and
actual life threatening injuries.

[emphasis added]

13 Dr Tomita ended the report with his findings:

1\. Clinical Formulation and Psychiatric Diagnosis

_The defendant has problems with alcohol dependence_ and a temporary alcohol-
induced psychosis has been assessed to have contributed to his current
offences.

He is not psychotic now and there is no evidence that he suffers from a major
mental illness or any persisting alcohol-induced psychiatric symptoms.

He has a past history of substance misuse but stopped using drugs about 15
years ago.

_The defendant has an antisocial personality disorder and a moderate level of
psychopathy_.

_He has failed to conform to social norms and repeatedly committed crimes,
shows a lack of remorse, has failed to learn from his experience_ (including
repeated incarcerations), and has an established pattern of aggressiveness and
violent behaviour, which has escalated in severity over time.

2\. Is there evidence to show that Leow Kok Meng is likely to represent a
serious danger to the public for an indeterminate period of time?

Although at a moderate risk for violence, _his antisocial personality disorder
and moderate level of psychopathy in conjunction with alcohol dependence are
stable risk elevating features that are likely to remain important factors for
at least the next decade_. His longstanding habit of abusing substances,
alcohol in most recent years, does not bode well for his ability to control
his cravings to use when he returns to the community. Unless clear and
immediate sanctions remain present such as the prospect of jail or some other
sanction, I foresee his ability to maintain control over his alcohol cravings
will erode and be lost over time. Based on these considerations, **_the
defendant will likely remain at least a moderate level of risk over the long
term_**.

3\. Consequently, would the subject need psychiatric care and treatment for an
indefinite period of time?

Psychiatric treatment per se is not the main requirement in this case. He does
not require psychiatric medications or monitoring of a major mental illness.

Instead, _the defendant requires alcohol treatment in order to develop a
relapse plan_ and gain skills to avoid a return to alcohol misuse once he
returns to the community. Abstinence from alcohol is enforced now that he is
in the institution; however, even a prolonged period in a controlled
environment should not be used to assume control over alcohol has been gained.
Treatment must be undertaken and the defendant should avail himself of
substance abuse treatment available within the institution.

_The defendant may also benefit from either psychological counseling or
correctional treatment programs_ targeting anger and aggression problems.
Although _such programming will not remove his antisocial and psychopathic
personality traits_ , treatment may help him gain better impulse control and
decision making skills so that he does not automatically resort to picking up
a knife to resolve a future dispute.

[emphasis added]

14 Dr Tomita who is attached to the Institute of Mental Health had no
knowledge of the treatment facilities that may be available to the accused
when he serves his sentence in prison. The prosecution called a representative
of the prison services, Salina bte Samion, Assistant Director, Special
Population, Psychological and Counselling Services to supply the information.
She disclosed that the prison services do not offer programmes for mentally
disordered or for alcohol dependence offenders. There is, however, a violence
intervention programme which is designed to increase the insight of persons
who have committed violent offences of their violent behaviour. This is a
voluntary programme for prisoners assessed to have moderate or high risk of
re-offending who are found suitable to participate in the programme.

15 The accused did not call any psychiatrist to give evidence on his behalf.

The accused’s criminal antecedents

16 The accused admitted to the following antecedents:

5 April 1980 |  Convicted of the offence of Armed Robbery with Common Intention, and sentenced to 9 months’ imprisonment and 10 strokes of the cane. A charge of Possession of Offensive Weapon was taken into consideration.  
---|---  
24 June 1980 |  Convicted of the offence of Extortion with Common Intention, and sentenced to 6 months’ imprisonment. A further charge of Extortion with Common Intention was taken into consideration.  
14 July 1981 |  Convicted of the offence of Voluntarily Causing Grievous Hurt, and sentenced to 1 year imprisonment.  
29 Apr 1993 |  Convicted of the offence of Using Criminal Force to Deter a Public Servant from Discharge of His Duty, and was sentenced to 7 days’ imprisonment and fined S$2,000 (paid in full).  
18 June 1998 |  Convicted of the offence of Voluntarily Causing Grievous Hurt, and was sentenced to 15 months’ imprisonment and 3 strokes of the cane. Convicted of the offence of Voluntarily Causing Grievous Hurt with Dangerous Weapon or Means, and sentenced to 6 months’ imprisonment (this was ordered to run concurrently).  
  
  

The plea in mitigation

17 In the mitigation plea, counsel referred to the facts of the offences,
laying emphasis of Karunagaran’s abuse and provocation, and the accused’s
decision to keep away from Karunagaran and Balan.

18 The collection of the knife from the flat, and its use on Karunagaran and
Balan were covered in [13]to [15] of the plea:

13.The accused person remembered that Kana [Karunagaran] used to keep a metal
pipe at his block near block 154. Hence, on returning home, he took a 1 foot-
long knife with him for protection, just in case he was approached by Kana or
Bala [Balan]. He was hoping to use it to deter/block any attack by them.

14.The accused person then left his home and the offence was committed shortly
after, at the fountain area below the accused person’s block.

15.The offence itself had erupted suddenly and was committed within a brief
span of a few minutes. In fact, it all happened so fast that the accused
person was not even sure who he had attacked first. It was only at the police
station that he was informed by the investigating officer that Kana had died.

19 It is to be noted that he did not see Karunagaran or Balan with a metal
pipe on that day, and that he had attacked the two victims separately, Balan
first before turning to Karunagaran.

20 In response to the prosecution’s submission that the accused be sentenced
to life imprisonment for the offences, defence counsel submitted that the
accused did not fall within the second condition of the _Hodgson_ criteria
(see [22]). Counsel referred to Dr Tomita’s opinion that the accused was not
mentally unsound and did not require psychiatric treatment. Counsel also
indicated that the accused will volunteer himself for the anger management
programme and seek treatment for his alcohol dependence after his release, and
that his family is committed to support him and ensure his rehabilitation.

The sentencing considerations

21 The accused was liable to be punished with imprisonment for life, or a term
of up to 20 years for the offence of culpable homicide not amounting to
murder, and to life imprisonment or a term of up to 15 years for voluntarily
causing grievous hurt. He was also liable to be fined and caned for both
offences.

22 The prosecution had argued that the accused should be sentenced to life
imprisonment for the offences and submitted that the _Hodgson_ criteria are
satisfied. The criteria took its name from _R v Rowland Jack Forster Hodgson_
(1982) 52 Cr App R 113 where MacKenna J stated at 114:

When the following conditions are satisfied, a sentence of life imprisonment
is in our opinion justified: (1) where the offence or offences are in
themselves grave enough to require a very long sentence; (2) where it appears
from the nature of the offences or from the defendant’s history that he is a
person of unstable character likely to commit such offences in the future; and
(3) where if the offences are committed the consequences to others may be
specially injurious, as in the case of sexual offences or crimes of violence.

23 In _Public Prosecutor v Aniza bte Essa_ [2009] 3 SLR(R) 327, the _Hodgson_
criteria and their application to Singapore came under the careful
consideration of the Court of Appeal. Chan Sek Keong CJ delivering the
judgment of the Court ruled at [34]:

In our view, the answer to whether the _Hodgson_ criteria are appropriate in
Singapore is ... in the affirmative. The _Hodgson_ criteria fulfil two
important functions. The first is that they provide an alternative (_ie_ ,
alternative to the principle that the highest punishment should only be
reserved for the worst types of cases), and equally principled, justification
to impose life imprisonment when it is the highest punishment prescribed for
an offence on an offender (_ie_ , for the protection of society). The second
is that the _Hodgson_ criteria also provide a useful guide to differentiate
between when it is appropriate to sentence to life imprisonment dangerous
mentally unstable offenders who are a long-term threat to society and when
lesser sentences may be meted out to those who suffer from a transient illness
who can be rehabilitated and reintegrated into society. They reflect a humane
approach to the punishment of mentally unstable offenders, without sacrificing
the dominant objective of protecting the community from the likelihood of
similar re-offending. Mental illnesses come in many forms and affect cognition
and judgment in different degrees - some illnesses are genetic in origin, and
some are situation-specific; some need long-term treatment or are not
susceptible to treatment, whereas others are treatable. We need to consider,
from a penal point of view, what public policy considerations justify keeping
mentally unstable offenders in prison for life if it is not necessary to do so
in order to protect the public. The only other justification is the need to
punish them on the basis of retribution and/or deterrence. But, retribution
involves the consideration of the proportionality principle which conflicts
with the principle of public protection, and, ... deterrence is not apposite
for mentally unstable offenders ...

Are the _Hodgson_ criteria satisfied?

24 I had the evidence of the two psychiatrists, Dr Lee and Dr Tomita. Their
evidence was not contradicted by any psychiatric evidence. When Dr Tomita was
cross-examined by defence counsel, his diagnosis was not challenged, and the
cross-examination was focused on the post-conviction management of the
accused.

25 To recapitulate, Dr Lee had concluded that “custodial psychiatric care and
treatment for an indefinite period of time may be beneficial for his mental
well being, sustained sobriety and more importantly, for public safety” and Dr
Tomita’s opinion was that “the defendant will likely remain at least a
moderate level of risk over the long term”.

26 The defence conceded that the first _Hodgson_ criterion was met. There
could be no question about it – the accused had brutally attacked and killed
Karunagaran, and Balan may have suffered the same fate if the accused had not
transferred his aggression to Karunagaran.

27 Defence counsel submitted, against the weight of evidence, that the second
_Hodgson_ criterion was not met. The accused was diagnosed with anti-social
personality disorder, alcohol dependence and a moderate level of psychopathy.
These characteristics made him a person of unstable character. He has a
history of anger and of violence with or without the use of knives. The
evidence is that he was likely to behave in the same way in the future without
intervention. The second _Hodgson_ criterion was satisfied.

28 The third criterion was not specifically addressed, but the answer was
obvious. If the accused were to re-offend in the future, the consequences
would be serious. I only need to remind myself of Karunagaran and Balan.

29 Having established that the _Hodgson_ criteria were met, I had to consider
whether an indeterminate life imprisonment or appropriate determinate
sentences were appropriate in this case. To do this, I had to look at the
psychiatric evidence and the treatment facilities available to the accused. Dr
Tomita had stated that “[p]ersonality traits are by definition long standing
and difficult to modify” and he believed that the accused may benefit from
treatment for his alcohol dependence and from anger management counselling,
but the accused’s anti-social and psychopathic personality traits could not be
removed.

30 Dr Tomita’s views had to be considered against the fact that the accused
could not receive any treatment for alcohol dependence while he is in prison,
and may receive anger management help only if he sought it and was found to be
suitable for the programme.

31 In deciding on the sentences for the accused, I took into account:

(a)

the accused’s mental afflictions;

(b)

the accused’s history of uncontrollable anger and violence;

(c)

the limited treatment available in prison; and

(d)

the uncertainty that he would recover from the afflictions even with
treatment.

and I sentenced the accused to life imprisonment on the two charges on which
he was convicted. The sentences are appropriate and are needed to protect the
public from the dire consequences of any repeated outburst of anger and
aggression from the accused.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 08 Apr 2011 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

