Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Yap Sing Lee _v_ Management Corporation Strata Title Plan No 1267  
[2011] SGHC 24

Case Number| :| Originating Summons No 672 of 2010  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 28 January 2011  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Belinda Ang Saw Ean J  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  The applicant in person; Kenneth Tan SC (Kenneth Tan
Partnership) for the respondent.  
Parties| :|  Yap Sing Lee — Management Corporation Strata Title Plan No 1267  
  
28 January 2011|  
---|---  
  
Belinda Ang Saw Ean J:

Introduction

1 This was an appeal by the applicant, Mr Yap Sing Lee, under s 98 of the
Building Maintenance and Strata Management Act (Cap 30C, 2008 Rev Ed)
(“BMSMA”) against certain orders made by the Strata Titles Board (“STB”) on 10
June 2010 in STB No 69 of 2009, which concerned Mr Yap’s attempts to compel
the respondent, the Management Corporation Strata Title Plan (“MSCT”) No 1267
of the development known as “Yong An Park” (“the respondent”), to disclose
certain information and documents to him under s 47 of the BMSMA.

2 On 19 October 2010, after hearing the parties, I dismissed Mr Yap’s appeal.
Mr Yap has now appealed against my judgment, and I therefore provide the
grounds of my decision. I should add that, during the hearing, Mr Yap informed
me that, although he was representing himself, he had in fact sought and
received legal assistance in the preparation of the appeal before me.

Facts

3 Mr Yap was the subsidiary proprietor (“SP”) of a penthouse unit in Yong An
Park, and, as the STB noted in [4] of its grounds of decision (“GD”), has had
“a number of differences” with the respondent, including the latter’s refusal
or omission to approve Mr Yap’s proposal to carry out alterations and
additions to the roof terrace of his penthouse, as well as over certain other
alterations made by Mr Yap. In [37] of his written submissions, Mr Yap seemed
to disagree with the STB’s assessment of his relationship with the respondent,
but as Mr Yap himself had, at [8] of his written submissions, chronicled a
long list of conflicts between him and the respondent, it was not clear to me
that the STB’s assessment was objectionable in any significant way.

4 Two other SPs of Yong An Park, one Ponda and one Karim, had also carried out
similar alterations and additions to their penthouse units, and the respondent
had in fact commenced legal proceedings against Ponda on 10 August 2006,
although these proceedings were subsequently discontinued.

5 Arising out of these differences, Mr Yap made a number of applications under
s 47 of the BMSMA to inspect a wide range of documents, including minutes of
the meetings of the Council and Legal Sub-Committee of the respondent, and
correspondence between the respondent and its lawyers. Section 47, so far as
relevant, provides:

**Supply of information, etc., by management corporations**

**47**. –(1) A management corporation shall, upon application made to it in
writing in respect of a lot which is the subject of the subdivided building
concerned by a subsidiary management corporation, or by a subsidiary
proprietor or mortgagee or prospective purchaser or mortgagee of that lot or
by a person authorised in writing by such a subsidiary proprietor or mortgagee
and on payment of the prescribed fee, do any one or more of the following
things as are required of it in the application:

(a) inform the applicant of the name and address of the chairperson, secretary
and treasurer of the management corporation and of any person who has been
appointed under section 66 as managing agent;

(b) make available for inspection by the applicant or his agent —

(i) the strata roll;

(ii) the notices and orders referred to in section 29(1)(_g_);

(iii) the plans, specifications, certificates, drawings and other documents
delivered under section 26(4);

(iv) the minutes of general meetings of the management corporation and of the
council;

(v) the books of account of the management corporation;

(vi) a copy of the statement of accounts of the management corporation last
prepared by the management corporation in accordance with section 38(10); and

(vii) any other record or document in the custody or under the control of the
management corporation,

at such time and place as may be agreed upon by the applicant or his agent and
the management corporation and, failing agreement, at the subdivided building
at a time and on a date fixed by the management corporation under subsection
(2);

…

(2) Where an applicant and a management corporation fail to reach an agreement
referred to in subsection (1)(_b_) within 7 days after the receipt of the
application by the management corporation, the management corporation shall
immediately send by post to the applicant a notice fixing a time, specified in
the notice, between 9 a.m. and 6 p.m. on a date so specified, being a date not
later than 21 days after the receipt of the application by the management
corporation for the making of the inspection referred to in that subsection.

…

6 As these documents were not forthcoming, Mr Yap eventually filed STB No 69
of 2009 before the STB, seeking, _inter alia_ , an order that the respondent
supply the information or documents sought by him, under s 113 read with s 101
of the BMSMA.

7 At the hearing before the STB, in the course of the cross-examination of Mr
Yap on the first day of the hearing, it transpired that the respondent was
willing to allow Mr Yap to inspect all the documents requested, save for a few
documents in respect of which legal professional privilege (“LPP”) was being
claimed. Consequently, Mr Yap and the respondent were able to agree that the
STB needed only to determine whether to order the inspection of the remaining
four items for which LPP was being claimed, namely:

(a) The redacted portion of the Council minutes of the 4th Council Meeting
held on 15 September 2009 (“item (a)”);

(b) The redacted portion of the Council minutes of the 5th Council Meeting
held on 27 October 2009 (“item (b)”);

(c) The redacted portion of the recommendations of the Legal Sub-Committee
referred to in the draft Council minutes of the 3rd Council Meeting held on 21
July 2009 (“item (c)”); and

(d) The legal advice given to the respondent by its lawyers on the
respondent’s claims or potential claims against Ponda, Karim and Mr Yap (“item
(d)”).

8 The hearing was then adjourned to enable Mr Yap and the respondent to submit
their written arguments and address the STB on their submissions. According to
[8] of the STB’s GD, although Mr Yap, in his reply submissions, claimed that
he never withdrew any of the original orders sought by him, he conceded during
his oral submissions that he had agreed that the STB need only determine the
four remaining items above, and the resumed hearing proceeded on that basis.

9 The arguments before the STB therefore centred on whether a MCST was
entitled to assert LPP against a SP, and, after considering the parties’
submissions, the STB gave an affirmative answer. Consequently, it determined
that items (a) and (d) at [7] above were covered by LPP and could not be
disclosed to Mr Yap. In respect of item (b), however, the STB held that the
respondent was not entitled to claim LPP as item (b) merely reported
information and recorded instructions to the managing agent of Yong An Park,
and therefore had to be disclosed to Mr Yap. For the same reasons, the STB
held that substantially the whole of item (c) was also not privileged from
disclosure, save for the eight words after “not to further pursue the legal
suit with Mr Ponda”, which were subject to LPP. The STB also ordered that
parties were to bear their own costs.

Issues

10 Mr Yap appealed the STB’s decision (insofar as it related to items (a) and
(d), as well as the eight redacted words in item (c)), contending that it
should be set aside for various reasons (which also formed the issues for my
determination), _viz_ :

(a) The STB erred in law in holding that a MCST is entitled to assert LPP
against a SP;

(b) The STB erred in law by breaching the rules of natural justice; and

(c) The STB erred in law in ordering parties to bear their own costs.

The nature of an appeal from the STB to the High Court

11 The right of appeal against an order of the STB to the High Court is
provided for in s 98 of the BMSMA:

**Appeal to High Court on question of law**

**98**. –(1) No appeal shall lie to the High Court against an order made by a
Board under this Part or the Land Titles (Strata) Act (Cap. 158) except on a
point of law.

…

The Court of Appeal in _Ng Eng Ghee and others v Mamata Kapildev Dave and
others (Horizon Partners Pte Ltd, intervener)_ [2009] 3 SLR(R) 109 (“ _Horizon
Towers_ ”) had occasion to construe the phrase “point of law”, and concluded
(at [101]) that it covered “ _ex facie_ errors of law”, a shorthand phrase
that included (as set out in _Halsbury’s Laws of England_ vol 1(1)
(Butterworths, 4th Ed Reissue, 1989) (“ _Halsbury’s_ ”) at para 70, a passage
that was approved by the Court of Appeal in [90] of _Horizon Towers_):

… misinterpretation of a statute or any other legal document or a rule of
common law; asking oneself and answering the wrong question, taking irrelevant
considerations into account or failing to take relevant considerations into
account when purporting to apply the law to the facts; admitting inadmissible
evidence or rejecting admissible and relevant evidence; exercising a
discretion on the basis of incorrect legal principles; giving reasons which
disclose faulty legal reasoning or which are inadequate to fulfil an express
duty to give reasons, and misdirecting oneself as to the burden of proof.

In addition to this, the Court of Appeal approved (at [100]) various High
Court decisions that held that a “point of law” also included Lord Radcliffe’s
famous remark in _Edwards (Inspector of Taxes) v Bairstow and another_ [1956]
1 AC 14 (“ _Edwards v Bairstow_ ”) that (at 36):

… without any such misconception [of the relevant law] appearing ex facie [in
the decision being appealed from], it may be that the facts found are such
that no person acting judicially and properly instructed as to the relevant
law could have come to the determination under appeal.

In other words, an error on a point of law (giving rise to a right of appeal
under s 98 of the BMSMA) might also occur where the facts as found could not
possibly justify the legal conclusion reached, and where the only inference
had to be that “there has been some misconception of the law and that, this
has been responsible for the determination” (_Edwards v Bairstow_ at 36).

Legal professional privilege

12 Mr Yap’s first ground of appeal, that a MCST was not entitled to assert LPP
against a SP, was undoubtedly an appeal “on a point of law” within the meaning
of s 98 of the BMSMA, and was the key issue in this case.

13 Although the STB had held that a MCST could assert LPP against a SP’s
request for information under s 47 of the BMSMA, it became apparent during the
hearing before me that the true dispute was on a narrower point, _viz_ ,
whether a MCST could assert _legal advice privilege_ against a SP under s 47.
Consequently, I did not consider it necessary to decide whether _litigation
privilege_ could be asserted by a MCST against a SP under s 47.

The applicability of legal advice privilege

14 LPP was exhaustively analysed by the Court of Appeal in _Skandinaviska
Enskilda Banken AB (Publ), Singapore Branch v Asia Pacific Breweries
(Singapore) Pte Ltd_ [2007] 2 SLR(R) 367 (“ _Skandinaviska_ ”), where the
Court of Appeal stated (at [27]) that LPP was a statutory right enacted in ss
128 and 131 of the Evidence Act (Cap 97, 1997 Rev Ed) (“EA”), and that these
two sections covered both species of LPP, _viz_ , legal advice privilege and
litigation privilege. However, the EA was not applicable in the present case,
as s 2(1) of the EA provides that “Parts I, II and III shall apply to all
judicial proceedings in or before any court…” (see also J Pinsler, _Evidence
and the Litigation Process_ (LexisNexis, 3rd Ed, 2010), para 14.115, at
footnote 311). Although it was possible to interpret s 2(1) in a non-exclusive
fashion, _ie_ , that Part III of the EA (where ss 128 and 131 are located)
could be applied in non-judicial proceedings as well as judicial proceedings
(albeit that its application was mandatory in the latter), s 128 of the EA was
nonetheless inapplicable since there was no question of _an advocate or
solicitor_ being compelled to disclose privileged information, and s 131 of
the EA was also inapplicable since it contemplated a person being compelled to
disclose confidential communication between him and his legal professional
adviser _to the court_ , which was not the case here, where Mr Yap’s argument
was that the MCST was compelled by s 47 of the BMSMA to produce privileged
documents _to him_.

15 Consequently, the provisions of the EA were inapplicable, and recourse had
to be had to the common law rules regarding legal advice privilege. At common
law, legal advice privilege, as part of LPP, is not (or more accurately, no
longer (see C Tapper, _Cross & Tapper on Evidence_ (Oxford University Press,
12th Ed, 2010) (“ _Cross & Tapper_”) at pp 436 to 437)) regarded as merely a
rule of evidence, restricted to judicial or quasi-judicial proceedings, but is
now considered a substantive legal right that may be claimed outside these
areas (see _Phipson on Evidence_ (Hodge M Malek gen ed) (Sweet & Maxwell, 17th
Ed, 2010) (“ _Phipson_ ”) at paras 23-02 to 23-06). Given that some of the
landmark cases espousing the latter view (_eg_ , _Regina v Derby Magistrates’
Court, ex parte B_ [1996] 1 AC 487 and _Baker v Campbell_ (1983) 153 CLR 52)
received the express approval of the Court of Appeal in _Skandinaviska_ (at
[24] and [25]), it followed that legal advice privilege was applicable,
notwithstanding that no judicial or quasi-judicial proceedings were in issue
when Mr Yap sought production of the relevant documents under s 47 of the
BMSMA.

Mr Yap’s arguments

16 Mr Yap advanced a number of arguments in support of his submission on the
issue of whether a MCST could assert legal advice privilege against a SP,
_viz_ :

(a) The decision of the Court of Appeal in _Horizon Towers_ (at [199]), that a
collective sale committee (“SC”) constituted under s 84A(1A) of the Land
Titles (Strata) Act (Cap 158, 2009 Rev Ed) (“LTSA”) could not assert legal
advice privilege against a SP, was directly applicable;

(b) The decision of the STB in _Re The Estoril (Strata Titles Plan No 843)_
[1991] SGSTB 3 (“ _The Estoril_ ”) correctly established that a MCST could not
resist a SP’s application for the supply of information under s 47 of the
BMSMA by claiming legal advice privilege; and

(c) It was a necessary implication from a purposive interpretation of the
BMSMA that the right of a SP to obtain information from a MCST under s 47 of
the BMSMA overrode legal advice privilege.

17 Mr Yap also relied on the slightly different argument that the STB had
erred in giving a decision in favour of the respondent despite the
respondent’s failure to reveal to the STB the legal advice in respect of which
legal advice privilege was being claimed.

18 I did not accept these arguments.

Horizon Towers

19 The first question to be addressed was whether the respondent could avail
itself of legal advice privilege at all. It was only if the respondent could,
_prima facie_ at least, claim legal advice privilege that one then had to
consider the second question of whether s 47 of the BMSMA excluded legal
advice privilege.

20 Mr Yap relied on _Horizon Towers_ in submitting that a MCST could not, as
against its SPs, claim legal advice privilege.

21 _Horizon Towers_ concerned a bitter dispute between minority and majority
SPs regarding the proposed collective sale of the development known as
“Horizon Towers”, which had been sanctioned by the STB (“the Horizon Board”),
but was eventually set aside by the Court of Appeal as a result of the SC’s
breaches of fiduciary duty as well as the errors of law committed by the
Horizon Board in the course of approving the collective sale.

22 In the proceedings before the Horizon Board, the minority objecting SPs of
Horizon Towers had attempted to apply for the legal advice given by the SC’s
solicitors to be disclosed, but this was rejected by the Horizon Board on the
basis that the SC was entitled to claim legal advice privilege in respect of
the advice. The Court of Appeal criticised this decision, stating (at [199]):

_As for the granting of legal privilege, although [the SC’s solicitors]
purported to act only for the SC as their principals, the SC had to represent
the subsidiary proprietors collectively. The SC was, after all, an agent for
all the subsidiary proprietors, and its solicitors were therefore sub-agents
for all the subsidiary proprietors. The objecting subsidiary proprietors were
entitled to know the contents of the legal advice and, indeed, the SC was in
breach of its duty of even-handedness by claiming legal privilege in order to
deny the objecting subsidiary proprietors information which they were entitled
to receive. The SC was not, in the prevailing circumstances, entitled to rely
on legal privilege to justify its decision and at the same time refuse to
disclose the advice_. [emphasis in original]

23 The crux of this reasoning was that the SC was “an agent for all the
subsidiary proprietors”, which was a theme developed by the Court of Appeal in
[104] and [105] of _Horizon Towers_ :

104 In our view, the SC is the agent of the subsidiary proprietors
collectively in relation to the collective sale of their strata units. At the
point when an SC is appointed to carry out the collective sale (_inter alia_ ,
obtaining consent to the collective sale agreement; advertising, negotiating
and finalising the terms of the collective sale with potential purchasers; and
completing the sale), there is no question of it being appointed to represent
the consenting subsidiary proprietors only, since at that point the process of
signing up to the collective sale agreement has not yet begun. The SC
therefore carries out the collective sale process on behalf of all the
subsidiary proprietors collectively and has the power to affect the legal
relations of all the subsidiary proprietors with third parties. The common law
requirement of express or implied assent by the principal… is not relevant in
the context of a statutory scheme, the very purpose of which is to allow the
sale of the strata development against the wishes of the objecting subsidiary
proprietors.

105 Section [84A(1A)] of the LTSA constitutes statutory confirmation of an
SC's status as agent for all subsidiary proprietors collectively, although we
are mindful that s 84A(1A) as well as the present incarnations of the Second
and Third Schedules to the LTSA were introduced only in 2007 as part of the
amendments to the LTSA ("the 2007 amendments"). This was after the appointment
of the original SC in the present appeals, and thus these provisions do not
apply directly to the original SC. Section 84A(1A) provides:

For the purposes of a collective sale under this section and before the
signing of the collective sale agreement by any subsidiary proprietor –

(_a_) there shall be constituted a collective sale committee _to act jointly
on behalf of the subsidiary proprietors_ of the lots whose members shall be
elected by the subsidiary proprietors of the lots at a general meeting of the
management corporation convened in accordance with the Second Schedule;

(_b_) the Third Schedule shall have effect as respects the collective sale
committee, its composition, constitution, members and proceedings.

…

[emphasis in original]

24 As agent for the SPs, the SC in _Horizon Towers_ was therefore not entitled
to assert legal advice privilege against its principal(s) (see [22] above),
since, in an agency relationship, the “privilege is the privilege of the
principal” (_Phipson_ at para 23-40).

25 Mr Yap contended that, on analogy with the agency relationship between a SC
and all the SPs of a strata development articulated in _Horizon Towers_ , a
MCST was similarly the agent of all the SPs, and that this was reinforced by s
29(1)(_a_) of the BMSMA, which provides that it shall be the duty of a MCST
“to control, manage and administer the common property _for the benefit of all
the subsidiary proprietors_ constituting the management corporation” [emphasis
added], and by ss 34 and 35 of the BMSMA, which provide that a MCST may,
subject to the relevant regulatory approvals and pursuant to special, 90% or
unanimous resolutions, do certain things (such as execute transfers of common
property, leases or accept transfers of land) “ _on behalf of its subsidiary
proprietors_ ” [emphasis added].

26 As a matter of principle, I considered that there was no reason why a MCST
could not claim legal advice privilege. Section 24(1) of the BMSMA provides:

**Constitution of management corporation**

**24**. –(1) The management corporation constituted by virtue of the Land
Titles (Strata) Act (Cap. 158) in respect of a strata title plan shall —

(a) comprise the subsidiary proprietors from time to time of all lots
comprised in that strata title plan;

(b) _be a body corporate capable of suing and being sued and having perpetual
succession and a common seal_ …

[emphasis added]

Section 24(1)(_b_) of the BMSMA therefore made it abundantly clear that a
MCST, like an incorporated company, was to be regarded as a separate legal
entity from the corporators (in this case, SPs rather than shareholders) who
comprised it. In his oral submissions, Mr Yap contended that the analogy
between a MCST and an incorporated company was misconceived, because, _inter
alia_ , unlike a limited liability company, the SPs were made personally
liable for debts lawfully incurred by the MCST under s 44(1) of the BMSMA.
This contention was met by the high authority of _Management Corporation
Strata Title Plan No 473 v De Beers Jewellery Pte Ltd_ [2002] 1 SLR(R) 418,
where the Court of Appeal described (at [9]) a MCST as an unlimited liability
company (see also K S Teo, _Strata Title in Singapore & Malaysia_ (LexisNexis,
3rd Ed, 2009) at p 199). Being an unlimited liability company, it followed
that a MCST was entitled to the rights afforded by the law to a legal person,
which rights included legal advice privilege.

27 Consequently, as a matter of authority, Mr Yap’s reliance on _Horizon
Towers_ was inapt. Unlike a MCST, a SC had no independent legal existence
under the LTSA: in a sense, the SC’s only legal quality was to “act jointly on
behalf of” the SPs as their agent, as required by s 84A(1A)(_a_) of the LTSA,
and it was therefore no surprise that the Court of Appeal in _Horizon Towers_
held that a SC could not assert legal advice privilege as against the SPs,
since any such privilege could _only_ belong to the SPs, for only they had the
capacity as legal persons to claim it. An SC would not therefore have been
able to claim legal advice privilege in its own right; any such privilege
being claimed by it would be claimed as agent for and on behalf of the SPs.

28 That was not to say, however, that a MCST could never be considered the
agent of the SPs: the MCST and the SPs could enter a consensual agency
relationship, and the BMSMA clearly envisions that a MCST may sometimes act as
agent for its SPs (_eg_ , under s 86 of the BMSMA). However, simply because a
MCST might for some purposes have been regarded as an agent for the SPs did
not mean that it was an agent for them for all purposes. After all, it has
been the law ever since _Aron Salomon (a pauper) v A Salomon and Company,
Limited_ [1897] 1 AC 22 that a company is not _ipso facto_ an agent for its
members, and I saw no reason why, in the absence of statutory language
demanding a different conclusion, the same principle should not apply to the
relationship between a MCST and its SPs, given that the MCST was to be
considered an unlimited liability company.

29 I was not persuaded by Mr Yap’s argument that ss 29, 34 and 35 of the BMSMA
(see [25] above) indicated that a MCST was to be _generally_ regarded as the
agent of its SPs. Although there was some superficial similarity between these
provisions and s 84A(1A)(_a_) of the LTSA (which the Court of Appeal relied
upon in _Horizon Towers_ as statutory confirmation of the agency relationship
between a SC and the SPs of a strata development (see [23] above)) in terms of
the language used (especially the use of the phrase “on behalf of” in ss 34
and 35 of the BMSMA), in my view, these provisions either did not establish an
agency relationship at all, or only did so in _specific contexts_ , and could
not be extrapolated so as to deem a MCST the agent of its SPs for all
purposes. For instance, s 32(3) of the BMSMA enabled a MCST to make by-laws
for the purpose of controlling and managing the use or enjoyment of the common
property, and s 32(10) enabled the MCST to apply to court to enforce those by-
laws. It could not seriously be argued that, in enforcing by-laws against an
errant SP, a MCST was acting as agent for all the SPs, _including_ the errant
SP, simply because s 29(1)(_a_) of the BMSMA provided that it was the duty of
a MCST “to control, manage and administer the common property _for the benefit
of all the subsidiary proprietors_ constituting the management corporation”
[emphasis added]. In fact, even if it were argued that, in such circumstances,
the MCST was acting as agent for all the SPs _excluding_ the errant SP, that
would lead to the unpalatable result that the non-errant SPs could, relying on
_Horizon Towers_ , gain access to the MCST’s legal advice.

30 Consequently, the respondent, in my judgment, would ordinarily have been
entitled as a separate legal person to claim legal advice privilege, even as
against a SP.

The Estoril

31 Before the STB and in his written submissions on appeal, Mr Yap also relied
on the authority of _The Estoril_. Although I was not bound by it, I did not
agree with the reasoning employed in that case, and in my opinion it was
inconsistent with other more persuasive authorities.

32 In _The Estoril_ , the facts were similar to the present case. The
applicant was a SP and a Council member of the development known as “The
Estoril”, and matters pertaining to his unit were discussed at a Council
Meeting of the MCST of The Estoril. The applicant was present at this meeting
but was excluded during the discussions of his unit. Subsequently, he
requested for a copy of the minutes of the meeting, but received only a
redacted copy. Dissatisfied, the applicant applied for inspection of the
unredacted minutes pursuant to s 54 of the Land Titles (Strata) Act (Cap 158)
(1988 Rev Ed) (“the 1988 Act”) (which was largely _in pari materia_ with s 47
of the BMSMA (see [5] above)), which he followed up with an application to the
STB (“the Estoril Board”) for an order under s 106 of the 1988 Act (which was
_in pari materia_ with _s_ 113 of the BMSMA) that the MCST of The Estoril
supply him the unredacted minutes.

33 The MCST of The Estoril resisted the application on the ground that the
minutes were privileged from production as they contained “matters of
strategy” and “matters of evidence” that pertained to the litigation between
the parties pending in the Subordinate Courts. In other words, the MCST of The
Estoril was asserting both legal advice privilege and litigation privilege
against the applicant, although that did not appear to affect the reasoning of
the Estoril Board, which decided against the MCST of The Estoril as follows:

We are of the view that the Minutes are not privileged from production for two
main reasons. In the first place the Applicant is a subsidiary proprietor who
is entitled to the Minutes as of right under S. 54 of the [1988 Act]. Section
54 of the [1988 Act] is clear and unambiguous and does not lay down any
exceptions or restrictions to that right. In the second place an examination
of the copy of the Minutes (with certain items blanked out) produced before
the Board… show that a wide range of topics [was] discussed at the meeting in
question including matters relating to the [applicant’s unit]. The failure of
the Respondents [the MCST of The Estoril] to have not acted with more
circumspect [_sic_] in taking legal advice as claimed at a Council Meeting and
then recording what the Respondents claim to be such advice in the Minutes
should not be a ground for shutting out the Applicant or denying him a
complete copy of the [Minutes]. The Respondents have themselves to blame for
the predicament in which they find themselves when they knew or ought to have
known full well that the Minutes will have to be produced to the Applicant
both in his capacity as a Council member and as subsidiary proprietor. [Had]
the Council sought legal advice on the proper recording of the minutes in the
light of S. 54 of the [1988 Act] the impasse that had arisen in this case
could have been avoided. Finally even if we are wrong in the interpretation of
Section 54 of the [1988 Act] we are of the view that the Respondents have
clearly waived the privilege by disclosing the Minutes (with certain portions
blanked out) to the Applicant.

This is clear from the principles enunciated in [_Great Atlantic Insurance Co
v Home Insurance Co and others_ [1981] 1 WLR 529.] In that case [Templeman LJ]
summarised the law as follows:-

“In my judgment the simplest, safest and most straightforward rule is that if
a document is privileged then privilege must be asserted, if at all, to the
whole document unless that document deals with separate subject matters so
that the document can in effect be divided into two separate and distinct
documents each of which is complete ….. the rule that privilege relating to a
document which deals with one subject matter cannot be waived as to part and
asserted as to the remainder is based on the possibility that any use of part
of a document may be unfair or misleading, that the party who possesses the
document is clearly not the person who can decide whether a partial disclosure
is misleading or not, nor can the judge ; [_sic_] decide without hearing
argument nor can he hear argument unless the document is disclosed as a whole
to the other side. Once disclosure has taken place by introducing part of the
document into evidence or using it in Court it cannot be erased.”

We are of the view that to furnish only part of the Minutes to the Applicant
would be unfair or misleading. We are not here dealing with a document that is
capable of severance into two separate and distinct documents each of which is
complete and can exist on its own. We are here dealing with Minutes of a
council meeting which is not capable of severance into two documents least of
all exist as two separate and distinct documents.

34 _The Estoril_ , therefore, appeared to be authority for the proposition
that a MCST could not assert legal advice privilege against a SP under s 54 of
the 1988 Act (or s 47 of the BMSMA).

35 However, insofar as the Estoril Board’s reasoning based on a construction
of s 54 of the 1988 Act (or s 47 of the BMSMA) was concerned, I did not agree
with it for the reasons explained at [39] – [50] below.

36 For the same reasons, neither did I agree with the Estoril Board’s view
that the MCST of The Estoril should have acted with more circumspection,
presumably by not recording legal advice in the minutes of the Council
meeting, when it ought to have known that the minutes would have to be
produced to the applicant under s 54 of the 1988 Act. This already assumed
that s 54 of the 1988 Act did indeed override legal advice privilege; if it
did not, then it would have been entirely reasonable for the MCST of The
Estoril to record legal advice in the minutes, safe in the knowledge that such
advice could not thereafter be disclosed under s 54 of the 1988 Act.

37 As for the Estoril Board’s reliance on _Great Atlantic Insurance Co v Home
Insurance Co and others_ [1981] 1 WLR 529 (“ _Great Atlantic_ ”), the Estoril
Board appeared to have overlooked the fact that in _Great Atlantic_ , the
entire document was privileged, and it was in that context that the English
Court of Appeal held that, unless the document could be severed into two
distinct and separate documents, a party could not be permitted to
“cherrypick” by disclosing the parts of the document that were favourable, yet
retain privilege for those which were unfavourable (see generally _Phipson_ at
paras 26-09 to 26-10). However, where only _part_ of a document was
privileged, _eg_ , mere references to legal advice in otherwise unprivileged
documents, it was perfectly permissible to disclose only the unprivileged
portion by redacting the privileged portion (_Skandinaviska_ at [99] and
[100], citing C Hollander, _Documentary Evidence_ (Sweet & Maxwell, 9th Ed,
2006) at paras 12-07 and 12-09, and _Consolidated Contractors International
Company SAL and another v Munib Masri_ [2011] EWCA Civ 21 at [51]).

38 It followed, therefore, that the respondent did not lose the protection of
legal advice privilege simply because it had furnished Mr Yap with redacted
versions of the documents he had sought.

The BMSMA

39 In _B and others v Auckland District Law Society and another_ [2003] 2 AC
736 (“ _Auckland District Law Society_ ”), Lord Millett described (at [67])
LPP as “a right to resist the compulsory disclosure of information”, a
description which I considered was equally applicable to legal advice
privilege. Section 47 of the BMSMA was clearly a provision directed at the
compulsory disclosure of information, for it provided that:

**Supply of information, etc., by management corporations**

**47**. –(1) A management corporation _shall_ , upon application made to it in
writing in respect of a lot which is the subject of the subdivided building
concerned by a subsidiary management corporation, or by a subsidiary
proprietor or mortgagee or prospective purchaser or mortgagee of that lot or
by a person authorised in writing by such a subsidiary proprietor or mortgagee
and on payment of the prescribed fee, _do any one or more of the following
things as are required of it_ in the application:

…

[emphasis added]

40 Given my views that the respondent would ordinarily have been entitled to
claim legal advice privilege, and that it had not lost its entitlement to such
privilege simply by disclosing the non-privileged portions of the relevant
documents, the remaining question, therefore, was whether s 47 of the BMSMA,
on its true construction, excluded or abrogated legal advice privilege.

41 Commonwealth authorities have generally concluded that it must be extremely
clear from the statutory language and intent before legal advice privilege is
to be regarded as having been excluded or overridden. In the UK, a statute
will not be read as excluding or overriding legal advice privilege unless such
an intention was expressly stated or appeared by necessary implication
(_Regina (Morgan Grenfell & Co Ltd) v Special Commissioners of Income Tax and
another_ [2003] 1 AC 563 (“ _Morgan Grenfell_ ”) at [8] (_per_ Lord Hoffmann)
and [44] (_per_ Lord Hobhouse); _McE v Prison Service of Northern Ireland and
another (Northern Ireland Human Rights Commission and others intervening)_
[2009] 1 AC 908 at [39] and [40] (_per_ Lord Phillips) and [97] (_per_ Lord
Carswell)). The same approach is adopted in Australia (_The Daniels
Corporation International Pty Ltd & Anor v Australian Competition and Consumer
Commission_ (2002) 213 CLR 543 (“ _Daniels_ ”) at [11] (_per_ Gleeson CJ,
Gaudron, Gummow and Hayne JJ), [88] (_per_ Kirby J) and [132] (_per_ Callinan
J)) and New Zealand (_Auckland District Law Society_ at [57] to [59]). In
Canada, the test appears to be even stricter, in that legal advice privilege
cannot be abrogated by inference, and the statutory intention to abrogate
legal advice privilege must be “clearly or unequivocally” expressed (_Colleen
Pritchard v Ontario Human Rights Commission (Attorney General of Canada,
Attorney General of Ontario, Canadian Human Rights Commission and Manitoba
Human Rights Commission (Interveners))_ [2004] 1 SCR 809 at [33] and [35]).

42 The strictness of these tests stems from the view that legal advice
privilege, as part of LPP, is a “fundamental human right” (_Morgan Grenfell_
at [7] (_per_ Lord Hoffmann) and _Daniels_ at [86] (_per_ Kirby J)), or, in
less exalted terms, a “basic tenet of the common law” (_Morgan Grenfell_ at
[44] (_per_ Lord Hobhouse)), and therefore required a clear expression of
Parliamentary intention to be overridden. Indeed, so stringent are these tests
that commentators have noted that, given the rarity of statutes which
expressly abrogate legal advice privilege, implied abrogation will be
difficult to establish (see _Phipson_ at para 23-35, _Cross & Tapper_ at p 462
and S McNicol, _Law of Privilege_ (The Law Book Company Limited, 1992) at pp
113 to 135).

43 In Singapore, both the rationale for and strictness of the English approach
have been decisively endorsed by the Court of Appeal. In _Skandinaviska_ , the
Court of Appeal cited [7] of _Morgan Grenfell_ with approval (at [24]), and
commented (at [23]) that legal advice privilege “has been firmly entrenched as
part of the common law system of justice for centuries”. In _Leong Wai Kay v
Carrefour Singapore Pte Ltd_ [2007] 3 SLR(R) 78, the Court of Appeal affirmed
(at [13]) the established principle of statutory interpretation that
legislation is not presumed to take away existing rights except expressly or
by necessary implication, citing with approval Bowen LJ’s reminder in _In re
Cuno_ (1889) 43 Ch D 12 (at 17) that:

[I]n the construction of statutes, you must not construe the words so as to
take away rights which already existed before the statute was passed, unless
you have plain words which indicate that such was the intention of the
legislature.

44 It was accepted by the parties, and obvious on the face of the provision,
that s 47 of the BMSMA did not expressly abrogate legal advice privilege.
Consequently, legal advice privilege would only have been excluded or
overridden by the BMSMA if it was a necessary implication from the BMSMA
generally, or s 47 specifically, to abrogate the legal advice privilege a MCST
would otherwise have been capable of asserting against a SP.

45 The meaning of the expression “necessary implication” was explained by Lord
Hobhouse in _Morgan Grenfell_ , and was endorsed by the Privy Council in
_Auckland District Law Society_ (at [58]). As Lord Hobhouse stated (at 616):

A necessary implication is not the same as a reasonable implication. A
_necessary_ implication is one which necessarily follows from the express
provisions of the statute construed in their context. It distinguishes between
what it would have been sensible or reasonable for Parliament to have included
or what Parliament would, if it had thought about it, probably have included
and what it is clear that the express language of the statute shows that the
statute must have included. A necessary implication is a matter of express
language and logic not interpretation. [emphasis in original]

46 I was satisfied that there was nothing in the express language, context and
logic of the BMSMA to show that legal advice privilege had been impliedly
overridden by s 47.

47 Further, such a construction of s 47 of the BMSMA did not result in an
interpretation which failed to promote the purpose of the BMSMA. Section 9A(1)
of the Interpretation Act (Cap 1, 2002 Rev Ed) (“IA”) provides:

**Purposive interpretation of written law and use of extrinsic materials**

**9A**. –(1) In the interpretation of a provision of a written law, an
interpretation that would promote the purpose or object underlying the written
law (whether that purpose or object is expressly stated in the written law or
not) shall be preferred to an interpretation that would not promote that
purpose or object.

48 The preamble to the BMSMA states that it is an Act “to provide for the
proper maintenance and management of buildings”, and undoubtedly the BMSMA was
intended to facilitate the orderly regulation of strata developments. In my
view, that purpose would be promoted by allowing and encouraging a MCST to
take legal advice as to its rights and duties, and it followed that it was
necessary to extend the protection of legal advice privilege to a MCST, for
the reasons articulated by the Court of Appeal in _Skandinaviska_ at [23] to
[26]. As a MCST may from time to time find it necessary, in the course of its
duties, to take legal action against errant SPs (see [29] above) or fend off
legal action by its SPs, it was not, in my judgment, in accordance with the
statutory purpose of the BMSMA to allow the SPs (including the very SPs with
whom the MCST was in dispute) to freely disregard legal advice privilege and
obtain access to the MCST’s privileged legal advice. To do so would create a
chilling effect on the willingness of a MCST to take legal advice or vindicate
its rights, and ultimately hamper the MCST in the fulfilment of its statutory
duties under the BMSMA.

49 Hence, the BMSMA did not necessarily imply that legal advice privilege had
been abrogated in s 47: a purposive interpretation of s 47 of the BMSMA
demanded that it be read subject to legal advice privilege, and hence the
respondent could assert legal advice privilege against Mr Yap’s request for
privileged documents under s 47 of the BMSMA.

50 For these reasons, I did not accept the reasoning in _The Estoril_ (see
[33] and [35] above) that legal advice privilege was overridden because “[s 47
of the BMSMA] is clear and unambiguous and does not lay down any exceptions or
restrictions”.

STB’s alleged failure to inspect the respondent’s documents

51 Mr Yap’s complaint in this regard was that the respondent had a habit of
making extravagant and unjustified claims of legal advice privilege, and that,
in failing to inspect the legal advice in respect of which legal advice
privilege was being claimed by the respondent, the STB had erred in law by
depriving itself of relevant and admissible evidence. This argument,
therefore, assumed that legal advice privilege could be claimed by the
respondent, but asserted that the STB may have wrongly allowed it to be
claimed in respect of item (d) (see [7] above).

52 I had grave doubts whether this could aptly be characterised as a “point of
law” in respect of which an appeal lay to the High Court. The respondent had
addressed the STB as to dispensing with providing it copies of the legal
advice given by the respondent’s lawyers in respect of the respondent’s claims
or potential claims against Karim, Ponda and Mr Yap (item (d)), and it seemed
to me that the STB had made a factual decision agreeing with the respondent
that it did not need to examine the legal advice before determining the real
point of law in issue, _ie_ , whether an application for disclosure of that
advice under s 47 of the BMSMA could be resisted by the respondent on the
basis of legal advice privilege.

53 If so, then this aspect of the STB’s decision was non-appealable. Further,
even if this were to be regarded as a “point of law”, there had been no error
of law by the STB, since the legal advice given to the MCST by its lawyers was
obviously covered by legal advice privilege. As counsel for the respondent put
it, the issue was not whether legal advice was covered by legal advice
privilege (since it clearly was), but whether legal advice privilege was a
good answer to an application under s 47 of the BMSMA.

Natural justice

54 Mr Yap contended that the STB had breached the rules of natural justice by:

(a) Not admitting his reply marked “AB4”;

(b) Discontinuing the hearing without giving him the opportunity to adduce
evidence of the factual background; and

(c) Discontinuing the hearing before the respondent had completed its cross-
examination of him, and therefore depriving him of the opportunity to re-
examine himself and cross-examine the respondent’s witnesses.

55 Oddly, a breach of the rules of natural justice did not feature in the
examples of “ _ex facie_ errors of law” listed by _Halsbury’s_ and approved in
_Horizon Towers_ (see [11] above).

56 Nonetheless, it seemed to me that, in principle and on authority, a breach
of the rules of natural justice could give rise to an appeal “on a point of
law”.

57 In principle, the errors of law listed by _Halsbury’s_ , if committed by an
administrative body subject to judicial review, would all result in the
impugned decision being _ultra vires_ and hence void. It is well-established
that “a decision given without regard to the principles of natural justice is
void” (_Ridge v Baldwin and others_ [1964] 1 AC 40 at 80 (_per_ Lord Reid)),
with the possible qualification that “not every breach of natural justice is
equally serious” (_Management Corporation Strata Title Plan No 301 v Lee Tat
Development Pte Ltd_ [2010] SGCA 39 at [56], albeit this case was not
concerned with judicial review of administrative action). If so, then a breach
of the rules of natural justice ought also to be considered an _ex facie_
error of law giving rise to an appeal under s 98 of the BMSMA.

58 As a matter of authority, this view was adopted by the English Court of
Appeal in _Nina Begum v Tower Hamlets London Borough Council_ [2000] 1 WLR
306, where Auld LJ held (at 313) that the words “point of law” in s 204 of the
Housing Act 1996 (c 52) (UK), which provided for an appeal to the county court
on any “point of law” arising from the borough council’s decision, included:

_… the full range of issues which would otherwise be the subject of an
application to the High Court for judicial review, such as procedural error…_
[emphasis added]

It was notable that, in that support of his view, Auld LJ cited the same
passage of H W R Wade & C F Forsyth, _Administrative Law_ (Oxford University
Press, 7th ed, 1994) (at pp 951 to 952) which was relied upon by the Court of
Appeal in _Horizon Towers_ (at [101]), _viz_ :

The courts ought… to guard against any artificial narrowing of the right of
appeal on a point of law, which is clearly intended to be a wide and
beneficial remedy. […] The extension in recent years of the right of appeal on
questions of law has… done much to assist the integration of the tribunal
system with the general machinery of justice. Judicial policy ought to
reinforce this beneficial trend.

STB procedure

59 Regulation 18(1) of the Building Maintenance and Strata Management (Strata
Titles Boards) Regulations 2005 (S 195/2005) (“the 2005 Regulations”) provides
that:

A Board shall not be bound to apply the rules of evidence applicable to civil
proceedings in any court but may inform itself on any matter in such manner as
it thinks fit.

60 This formed the basis of the Court of Appeal’s view in _Horizon Towers_ (at
[173]) that the STB had a “significant inquisitorial role”. In _Horizon
Towers_ , however, the point was not taken that reg 18(1) might not have its
intended effect, by reason of s 2 of the EA ([14] above), which states that
Parts I, II and III shall apply to all judicial proceedings in or before any
court, but not to proceedings before an arbitrator, and s 92(8) of the BMSMA,
which states that the arbitration proceedings of the STB shall be deemed to be
judicial proceedings. “Court” is defined in s 3 of the EA as including all
Judges and Magistrates and, _except arbitrators_ , all persons legally
authorised to take evidence, while s 92 of the BMSMA provides that the STB has
powers to take evidence (s 92(4)) and that the Arbitration Act (Cap 10, 2002
Rev Ed) shall not apply to mediation-arbitration proceedings before the STB.
There was a distinct possibility, therefore, that Parts I to III of the EA
applied to proceedings before the STB, notwithstanding reg 18(1) of the 2005
Regulations, as a result of s 19(c) of the IA, which provides:

**General provisions with respect to power given to any authority to make
subsidiary legislation**

**19**. When any Act confers powers on any authority to make subsidiary
legislation, the following provisions shall, unless the contrary intention
appears, have effect with reference to the making and operation of the
subsidiary legislation:

…

(c) no subsidiary legislation made under an Act shall be inconsistent with the
provisions of any Act.

Decision

61 Nonetheless, even if the provisions of the EA did apply, I was of the view
that Mr Yap’s complaints were without foundation.

62 Mr Yap’s reply in AB4 was not admitted by the STB because it was late, and
the respondent had objected to its admission on the grounds that it contained
scandalous and irrelevant material, and had not complied with the STB’s
directions as to the filing of replies. The STB had heard submissions from
both the respondent and Mr Yap before it decided to exclude AB4, and there was
therefore no question of a breach of natural justice.

63 As for Mr Yap’s complaints that the hearing had been prematurely
discontinued, this was because the STB had been able to narrow the point of
contention between the parties to the issue of whether the respondent was
entitled to claim legal advice privilege in respect of items (a) to (d) ([7]
above), which was a question of law that did not require the examination of
witnesses before it could be answered. That was why the STB dispensed with any
further examination and adjourned the hearing for parties to submit their
written arguments ([8] above). Indeed, Mr Yap had even conceded that the STB
need only concern itself with the issue of whether to order disclosure of the
four items for which legal advice privilege was being claimed by the
respondent ([7] above). Again, therefore, there was no breach of any rules of
natural justice.

Costs

64 Mr Yap argued that the STB erred in ordering parties to bear their own
costs, and that this was an “error of law”, from which an appeal lay to the
High Court under s 98 of the BMSMA, because the STB failed to take into
account relevant considerations in making the costs order.

65 The relevant considerations that the STB purportedly failed to take into
account were alleged instances of “bad faith” on the part of the respondent
both prior to, and during, the proceedings before the STB.

66 However, these were not facts found by the STB and were therefore not
matters I could take cognisance of, even if they were true (which I very much
doubted). In the absence of any _ex facie_ errors of law, the STB’s costs
order was wholly within its discretion, and any appeal against it was
predicated on questions of fact which were non-appealable under s 98 of the
BMSMA. Nor was this an instance of an error of law of the sort described in
_Edwards v Bairstow_ ; the facts as found (and clearly there could not have
been many, since the STB’s determination was primarily concerned with a
question of law) fully justified the STB in ordering parties to bear their own
costs.

Conclusion

67 In the result, I dismissed Mr Yap’s appeal, and fixed costs at $20,000,
inclusive of disbursements.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 28 Jan 2011 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

