Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Kho Jabing and another _v_ Public Prosecutor  
[2011] SGCA 24

Case Number| :| Criminal Appeal No 18 of 2010  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 24 May 2011  
Tribunal/Court| :| Court of Appeal  
Coram| :|  Chan Sek Keong CJ; Andrew Phang Boon Leong JA; V K Rajah JA  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  James Bahadur Masih (James Masih & Co) and Zaminder Singh
Gill (Hilborne & Co) for the first appellant; N Kanagavijayan (Kana & Co) and
Gloria James (Hoh Law Corporation) for the second appellant; Lee Lit Cheng and
Gordon Oh (Attorney-General's Chambers) for the respondent.  
Parties| :|  Kho Jabing and another — Public Prosecutor  
  
[LawNet Editorial Note: This was an appeal from the decision of the High Court
in [2010] SGHC 212.]

24 May 2011| Judgment reserved.  
---|---  
  
V K Rajah JA (delivering the judgment of the Court):

Introduction

1 This is an appeal from the decision of the trial judge in _Public Prosecutor
v Galing Anak Kujat and another_ [2010] SGHC 212 (the “GD”), where the learned
trial judge convicted Galing Anak Kujat (“Galing”) and Jabing Kho (“Jabing”)
(collectively “the appellants”) of murder in furtherance of the common
intention of both of them, under s 302 read with s 34 of the Penal Code (Cap
224, 2008 Rev Ed) (“Penal Code”), and sentenced them both to suffer the
mandatory death penalty.

2 The trial judge’s decision was given before this Court delivered its
judgment in _Daniel Vijay s/o Katherasan and others v Public Prosecutor_
[2010] 4 SLR 1119 (“ _Daniel Vijay_ ”). It was therefore necessary for us to
reserve our judgment in this case in order to carefully consider the trial
judge’s reasons and conclusions in light of _Daniel Vijay_ , where this Court
comprehensively reviewed both local and foreign case law on s 34 of the Penal
Code, and laid down what is required to be proved in order to make out the
requisite “common intention” (see [32] and [33] below) to render two or more
persons jointly liable for an offence. For ease of reference, s 34 of the
Penal Code is reproduced here:

**Each of several persons liable for an act done by all, in like manner as if
done by him alone**

**34**. When a criminal act is done by several persons, in furtherance of the
common intention of all, each of such persons is liable for that act in the
same manner as if the act were done by him alone.

Facts

3 Unless otherwise stated, the following facts are undisputed.

4 Both appellants are from Sarawak, Malaysia. Galing is 26 years of age, and
was employed to load oil onto ships. Jabing is 24 years of age, and worked in
Singapore for a rag and bone company.

5 In the afternoon of 17 February 2008, the appellants agreed, together with
three other Sarawakians, Vencent Anak Anding (also known as “Vincent” or
“Vencent”) (“Vencent”), a construction worker; Anthony Anak Jaban (“Anthony”);
and Alan Anak Ajan (“Alan”), a colleague of Jabing’s, to rob two Bangladeshi
co-workers of Vencent’s at a worksite at Tiong Bahru. The robbery was aborted
because the two targets fortuitously left the worksite with their supervisor
in his van. Despite this, the appellants, Vencent, Anthony and Alan remained
at Tiong Bahru for some time, consuming liquor known as “Narcissus Ginseng
Wine Tonic”.

6 Eventually, at about 7:00 pm, the five of them left Tiong Bahru and
travelled to Geylang. There was some dispute as to whether or not there had
been a plan to commit robbery at Geylang after the earlier plan was aborted.
In his various statements, and during the trial, Galing maintained that there
was no intention to commit robbery at Geylang, and that the intention (of all
five individuals) in going to Geylang was to continue drinking. Jabing,
however, stated to the police and at trial that the intention among them all
in going to Geylang was to rob.

7 At Geylang, along Lorong 4, the appellants walked some distance away from
Vencent, Anthony and Alan. The appellants spotted two persons, Wu Jun and Cao
Ruyin (“the deceased”) (collectively “the victims”), walking along a pathway
in an open space near Geylang Drive, and assaulted them. Wu Jun was assaulted
by Galing, by means of a belt wrapped around Galing’s hand or fist, with the
metal belt buckle exposed. The deceased was assaulted by Jabing with what was
variously described as a piece of wood or a tree branch (the “piece of wood”),
which Jabing had picked up while approaching the victims. The deceased was
also assaulted by Galing using the metal belt buckle. The deceased suffered
severe head injuries inflicted from the piece of wood (from which he died on
23 February 2008), and his mobile phone was taken by Galing. Wu Jun escaped
with minor injuries.

8 The exact chain of events which occurred during the assault is disputed.
Galing stated that Jabing led the way in:

(a) crossing the road (in order to reach the victims);

(b) intimating that the appellants should rob the victims;

(c) picking up the piece of wood; and

(d) striking the deceased with it.

Further, according to Galing:

(a) he told Jabing not to rob the victims but was ignored by Jabing;

(b) he assaulted Wu Jun (_after_ the deceased had already been assaulted by
Jabing with the piece of wood) because Wu Jun seemed to be about to attack
Jabing;

(c) he chased Wu Jun for some distance before returning to where Jabing and
the deceased were located;

(d) Wu Jun returned to the scene of the assault, and Jabing chased Wu Jun away
a second time before he (Galing) called Jabing back.

9 Jabing, however, stated that:

(a) it was Galing who first crossed the road to approach the victims;

(b) Galing had by then already wrapped his belt around his hand;

(c) Galing was already about to strike the deceased with the belt in his hands
by the time Jabing picked up the piece of wood;

(d) he (Jabing) chased after Wu Jun, who had fled the scene of the assault;

(e) he (Jabing) gave up the chase and returned to the scene of the assault,
where he saw Galing struggling with the deceased; and

(f) he (Jabing) then struck the deceased with the piece of wood twice, after
which he then fled the scene of the assault, but not before noticing Galing
hitting the deceased with his belt and having taken the deceased’s mobile
phone.

10 To complicate matters, Wu Jun’s evidence in his statement was that, while
walking together with the deceased at the material time, he felt something
hard hit him at the back of his head. He ran a few steps forward, turned
round, and saw a man with a tanned complexion, wearing a cap, coming towards
him in a menacing manner with a clenched fist, whereupon he (Wu Jun) fled the
scene. Wu Jun’s evidence was that he could hear the deceased groaning in pain.
After running for a while, Wu Jun called for the police on his mobile phone,
and subsequently returned to the scene of the assault, where he discovered the
deceased lying unconscious and vomiting blood. Wu Jun also noted that the
deceased’s mobile phone was missing. At trial, Wu Jun stated that he noticed
only one assailant that night, and was unable to say whether he or the
deceased was attacked first, how the deceased was attacked or who attacked the
deceased.

11 After the assault, the appellants, Vencent, Anthony and Alan eventually
regrouped at a coffeeshop at Lorong 24 Geylang. Galing’s and Jabing’s versions
of how each of them ended up at the coffeeshop differed. Galing stated that,
after he had called Jabing back from pursuing Wu Jun (see [8] above), he and
Jabing subsequently met the others at the coffeeshop. Jabing, however, claimed
that he had become separated from the others (including Galing) after the
assault, and only joined them at the coffeeshop after receiving a call from
Vencent telling him where they were. There was also some dispute as to what
transpired at the coffeeshop, such as whether Jabing had been chastised by
Galing and the others for using excessive force against the deceased. What is
not disputed, however, is that Galing sold the deceased’s mobile phone to
Vencent for $300, and that all five individuals received $50 from the proceeds
(with the remaining $50 being used to buy food and drink). Galing and Jabing
were only arrested several days after the incident.

12 Neither appellant challenged the admissibility or voluntariness of their
statements. At trial, only Wu Jun and the two appellants gave direct evidence
as to what had transpired. Jabing was largely content to stand by the contents
of his statements (although there were some discrepancies, such as whether he
had seen Galing hitting the deceased); however, Galing challenged the veracity
or accuracy of various parts of his statements relating to Jabing’s assault on
the deceased, and his taking of the deceased’s mobile phone (see [39]–[47] of
the GD), claiming that these had been made by him in response to suggestions
made by the investigating officer (“IO”). This claim was raised rather late in
the day, during the case for the Defence, after these statements had already
been admitted into evidence during the Prosecution’s case (when the relevant
witnesses, the IO and the interpreter, were not cross-examined on this issue)
and after the Prosecution had closed its case. The Defence then recalled the
relevant witnesses, but they rejected Galing’s allegations that the recording
of his statement was inaccurate or improper. The trial judge rightly accepted
their evidence, as Galing was unable to provide any evidence or explanation as
to why the statements would have been recorded in the fashion he had alleged,
or why he would have agreed to them if they were.

Decision below

13 The trial judge identified four key issues for determination:

(a) whether there was a common intention to rob the deceased;

(b) whether the appellants knew that death was likely to be caused;

(c) whether the appellants had the necessary common intention under s 34 of
the Penal Code; and

(d) whether murder was committed in furtherance of the common intention.

14 In relation to the first issue, the trial judge (at [54] of the GD)
rejected Galing’s evidence that there was no intention to rob the victims, and
found that Galing was “a willing participant in the robbery with Jabing”.

15 In relation to the second issue, the trial judge found (at [55] of the GD)
that _the appellants’ intention was to rob the victims by the use of force_ ,
and that Galing knew that when he and Jabing robbed the deceased, the deceased
would be assaulted and serious injuries might be inflicted on him. Against
this background, the trial judge found (at [58] of the GD) that:

(a) _the appellants had the common intention to commit robbery_ ;

(b) _each of them knew that it was likely that serious injury might be
inflicted on the victims in the course of the robbery_ ;

(c) Jabing intentionally inflicted head injuries on the deceased; and

(d) the injuries inflicted were sufficient in the ordinary course of nature to
cause death, and did cause the deceased’s death.

16 In relation to the third issue, the trial judge reminded himself of the law
relating to common intention as it was articulated in _Lee Chez Kee v Public
Prosecutor_ [2008] 3 SLR(R) 447 (“ _Lee Chez Kee_ ”) (at [253]), and
reiterated (at [59] of the GD) that while _the common intention of the
appellants was to rob, and not to kill_ , they knew that there was the
likelihood that serious injury might be inflicted.

17 In relation to the fourth issue, the trial judge held (at [62] of the GD)
that Jabing’s actions satisfied s 300(_c_) of the Penal Code, and concluded
from this that the murder was therefore committed in furtherance of the common
intention.

18 The foregoing summary of the trial judge’s decision reveals that he,
unfortunately, fell into the same error as the trial judge in _Public
Prosecutor v Daniel Vijay s/o Katherasan and others_ [2008] SGHC 120, in that
there was a specific finding that the appellants did _not_ have a common
intention to _kill_ the deceased, but only to rob him; and that the findings
relating to the common intention of the appellants were referable only to the
_robbery_ , and not to the _killing_ (see [4], [44], [45], [59], [66], [148]
and [164] of _Daniel Vijay_). The trial judge’s approach in this case was
based on what was termed in _Daniel Vijay_ the “putative _Mimi Wong (CCA)_
test”, which was rejected by this Court in _Daniel Vijay_ as a
misunderstanding of what was truly decided and/or stated in _Wong Mimi and
another v Public Prosecutor_ [1971–1973] SLR(R) 412 (“ _Mimi Wong (CCA)_ ”).
The putative _Mimi Wong (CCA)_ test, as expressed in [35] of _Daniel Vijay_ ,
is that:

[F]or the purposes of imputing constructive liability to secondary offenders
pursuant to s 34, there does not need to be a common intention between C (the
actual doer) and A and B (the secondary offenders) to commit the criminal act
done by C which gives rise to the offence that A, B and C are charged with;
all that is required is that the criminal act committed by C is in furtherance
of and is not inconsistent with the criminal act commonly intended by A, B and
C.

19 As the trial judge’s judgment rested on a misapprehension of the law, on
that basis alone the convictions of the appellants are unsafe. What follows,
therefore, is a _de novo_ examination of how the appellants’ convictions ought
to be dealt with under the law on common intention as stated in _Daniel
Vijay_.

Issues

20 The main issues for our consideration are:

(a) Jabing’s conviction for murder;

(b) Galing’s conviction for murder, which entails a consideration of:

(i) the criminal act;

(ii) the common intention;

(iii) whether the criminal act was done in furtherance of the common
intention; and

(iv) whether there was the requisite participation by Galing in the criminal
act.

Jabing’s conviction for murder

21 We are of the view that Jabing was rightly convicted of murder under s
300(_c_) of the Penal Code, as the evidence shows that he had intentionally
inflicted on the deceased, using the piece of wood he had picked up, a s
300(_c_) injury which caused the death of the deceased.

22 The requirements of s 300(_c_) are set out in the hallowed passage from
[12] of _Virsa Singh v State of Punjab_ AIR 1958 SC 465 (“ _Virsa Singh_ ”),
which was referred to by the trial judge (at [61] of the GD):

First, [the prosecution] must establish, quite objectively, that a bodily
injury is present;

Secondly, the nature of the injury must be proved; These are purely objective
investigations.

Thirdly, it must be proved that there was an intention to inflict that
particular bodily injury, that is to say, that it was not accidental or
unintentional, or that some other kind of injury was intended.

Once these three elements are proved to be present, the enquiry proceeds
further and,

Fourthly, it must be proved that the injury of the type just described made up
of the three elements set out above is sufficient to cause death in the
ordinary course of nature. This part of the enquiry is purely objective and
inferential and has nothing to do with the intention of the offender.

23 The first two _Virsa Singh_ requirements are clearly satisfied in this
case: the deceased had suffered horrific head injuries consisting of multiple
skull fractures, swelling of the brain, and severe haemorrhaging.

24 In relation to the third _Virsa Singh_ requirement, Jabing’s evidence
throughout was that he had hit the deceased (with the piece of wood) twice,
and in court he maintained that he had not been aiming for the deceased’s
head, nor was he aware of the force he had used (see [50] of the GD). Although
he testified in court that he could not remember where the second blow landed,
this was inconsistent with his statements, in which he admitted hitting the
deceased on the head on both occasions, and, indeed, his statements indicate
that Jabing was in fact aiming for the deceased’s head, or was intending to
strike it. The trial judge in evaluating the evidence noted that Jabing had
admitted in his first statement of 26 February 2008 that he swung the piece of
wood towards the head of the deceased and that the single blow caused the
deceased to fall onto the ground (see [56] of the GD).

25 This account was confirmed by Galing’s statements to the police as
follows:[note: 1]

[M]y friend Jabing was _too violent_ when hitting the Chinese man until he
bled profusely. I saw him hitting the Chinese man _several times_ and his head
_cracked open_. … I really regretted that Jabing hit him _so many times_ until
he died ...

Galing also stated:[note: 2]

When Jabing neared both of them, _he used both his hands_ and swung the wood
towards the right side of the bigger built male Chinese …

… I gave up the chase and turned back towards Jabing who was hitting the other
Chinese with the wood in his hands _repeatedly_ …

Although Galing later attempted to question the accuracy of these statements
in what appears to be a belated attempt to downplay Jabing’s culpability (see
[12] above), there was little reason to doubt that they had been correctly
recorded. Galing’s statements, therefore, were evidence that Jabing struck the
deceased more than twice, and with considerable violence.

26 The violent assault on the deceased was corroborated by the medical
evidence (summarised at [22]–[29] of the GD), which was that the deceased had
sustained life-threatening injuries to his head and brain. There was evidence
from the forensic pathologist, Dr Teo Eng Swee (“Dr Teo”), that there could
have been more than five blows to the deceased’s head, and both Dr Teo and Dr
Ho Chi Long (the physician who first attended the deceased at the accident and
emergency room) were of the opinion that at least some of the injuries
required “very severe” or “huge” blunt force from several blows to be
inflicted. Dr Teo added that one of the fractures that resulted in the initial
fragmentation of the skull required “severe force”.

27 In light of all this evidence, as well as the fact that the severe injuries
found on the deceased were concentrated at the region of his head, it is clear
beyond a reasonable doubt that Jabing intended to, and did, inflict multiple
head injuries on the deceased, and that such injuries were certainly not
accidental or unintentional.

28 As for whether the injuries were sufficient in the ordinary course of
nature to cause death (the fourth _Virsa Singh_ requirement), this was
affirmed to be the case by Dr Teo.

29 Consequently, the trial judge found as a fact that Jabing had struck the
deceased on the head in order to rob him, and that the blow with the piece of
wood was struck by Jabing with such force that Galing saw his head crack open,
and concluded from this that Jabing’s actions fell within s 300(_c_) of the
Penal Code (see [62] of the GD).

30 Applying the _Virsa Singh_ test to the facts found by the trial judge, we
affirm his decision, and hold that Jabing was properly convicted of murder
under s 300(_c_) of the Penal Code, since his actions satisfied the _actus
reus_ and _mens rea_ required by that subsection. On appeal, the only arguable
defence raised by Jabing’s counsel was that he was drunk and therefore not
responsible for his actions. We reject this and agree with the trial judge
that the events and Jabing’s statements to the investigators clearly showed
that he knew what he was doing. The defence of intoxication under s 85(2) of
the Penal Code applies in very narrow circumstances, for the intoxication must
result in the accused not knowing that his actions were wrong or not knowing
what he was doing, and the intoxication must either have been involuntary or
the accused must have been, as a result of the intoxication, insane at the
material time (see _Tan Chor Jin v Public Prosecutor_ [2008] 4 SLR(R) 306 (“
_Tan Chor Jin_ ”) at [18]–[26]). Nor was there credible objective evidence of
Jabing’s level of intoxication at the material time, and it could not be said
that the surrounding facts showed that Jabing was so intoxicated that he could
not form the intention required by s 300(_c_) of the Penal Code, _ie_ , the
intention to inflict head injury. Hence, Jabing could not avail himself of s
86(2) of the Penal Code by contending that he was so intoxicated that he
lacked the necessary _mens rea_ under s 300(_c_) (see _Tan Chor Jin_ at
[27]–[29]).

Galing’s conviction for murder

31 Given the clear evidence that Jabing was the one who inflicted the fatal
injuries on the deceased, the trial judge did not find, and the Prosecution
did not argue, that Galing’s assault on the deceased caused or contributed in
any way to the latter’s death. Consequently, the Prosecution has failed to
establish that Galing’s blow caused any serious injury to the deceased.
Therefore, convicting him of the murder of the deceased under s 302 of the
Penal Code is only sustainable in law if he is deemed to be constructively
liable under s 34 of the Penal Code.

The common intention

32 It is clear from _Daniel Vijay_ (at [93], [107], [119], [143], [176] and
[178]) that, in order for Galing to be convicted of murder under s 302 read
with s 34 of the Penal Code, the common intention that Galing must have shared
with Jabing is _a common intention to do the criminal act done by the actual
doer which results in the offence charged_ (what was termed the “ _Barendra_
test” (after _Barendra Kumar Ghosh v Emperor_ AIR 1925 PC 1) in [107] of
_Daniel Vijay_), _ie_ , a common intention to commit _murder_. This common
intention can be contingent or remote (see [159] of _Daniel Vijay_), can even
be predicated upon (or encompass) a common intention to commit robbery (see
[104] of _Daniel Vijay_), and implies a “pre-arranged plan” pursuant to which
the criminal act was done (see [108] and [109] of _Daniel Vijay_).

33 When murder is committed in the course of robbery by two or more persons, a
secondary offender is constructively liable for the murder actually committed
only if he has the common intention with the actual doer to commit murder (as
defined in s 300 of the Penal Code). Such a common intention may, depending on
the circumstances, be inferred if the secondary offender is found to have
subjective knowledge that “one in his party _may likely_ commit the criminal
act (murder) constituting the collateral offence in furtherance of the common
intention of carrying out the primary offence (robbery)” (see [89] and
[168(f)] of _Daniel Vijay_). This requirement of subjective knowledge derives
from [253(d)] of _Lee Chez Kee_ , and was termed the “ _LCK_ requirement” in
_Daniel Vijay_ (at [42]). Such a common intention may, of course, be also
found as a fact from the conduct of the secondary offender on the evidence
before the court.

34 In the present case, what is clear is that Jabing and Galing had a common
intention to rob the two victims. This is not disputed. However, the trial
judge found that Galing had an intention in common with Jabing to commit a s
300(_c_) injury on the deceased because he assaulted the deceased with his
belt buckle after Jabing had struck the deceased several blows to the head. It
was argued by the Prosecution that Galing’s conduct evinced an intention in
common with Jabing to kill or to inflict an s 300(_c_) injury on the deceased
in order to rob him. Hence, there was a common intention between them to rob
as well as to murder.

35 We consider that the evidence does not support the Prosecution’s case on
this basis for the following reasons:

(a) While Galing and Jabing had a common intention to commit robbery at
Geylang, there was no evidence of any prior discussions or planning between
the two of them as to how the robbery would be carried out, whether any
weapons would be used, what force should be used if the victims resisted,
_etc_.

(b) Galing and Jabing were unarmed when they decided to rob the two victims.
Jabing’s picking up and using the piece of wood was opportunistic and
improvisational and Galing’s use of his belt was equally so (_ie_ , hardly
part of a “pre-arranged plan” (see [32] above)).

(c) There was insufficient evidence as to what kind of injury was caused by
Galing using his belt buckle and, unless Galing had used it to strike the
deceased very hard on the head (and there was no evidence that this had
occurred) it could not have been a s 300(_c_) kind of injury.

(d) Although Galing was in a position, and afforded the opportunity, to
inflict more severe wounds on the deceased, the fact that he did not do so
suggests that his intention all along was to _rob_ , as well as cause hurt
while doing so, and not to inflict a s 300(_c_) injury.

(e) Galing did not assault the deceased in a manner which would have made it
easier for Jabing to cause the s 300(_c_) injury, _eg_ , by distracting the
deceased, or restraining or incapacitating him so that Jabing would have been
presented with a more vulnerable victim.

36 In our view, a common intention to rob, and if necessary, to inflict a s
300(_c_) injury on two random victims, as here, cannot be made out unless
there is evidence of some kind of planning or understanding between Jabing and
Galing as to what they would do and how they would do it in order to rob the
victims. There is no such evidence before us. The trial judge appeared to have
held (see [55] of the GD) that Galing had a common intention with Jabing to
inflict a s 300(_c_) injury on the deceased because “Galing had not said in
his statements and his evidence that he was surprised when Jabing held the
branch in both hands and struck the deceased with it.” This led the Judge to
find (at [55] of the GD) that:

Galing knew that when he and Jabing robbed the deceased, the deceased would be
assaulted and serious injuries might be inflicted on him.

We do not agree that this inference, even if supportable, is sufficient to
satisfy the _Barendra_ test. As this Court has said in _Daniel Vijay_ (at
[65]), knowledge is not intention, although it is a basis on which intention
could be inferred. All that can be said at the highest is that Galing failed
to stop Jabing from hitting the deceased so viciously on the head.

37 Nothing we have said, however, should be taken to mean that Galing’s role
in this robbery-murder does not require severe condemnation. Such violent
crimes cannot be condoned in any civilised society, and Galing was fortunate
that the evidence adduced by the Prosecution was insufficient to support the
charge brought against him.

Conclusion

38 For these reasons, we agree with the finding of the trial judge that Jabing
committed murder, but under s 302 of the Penal Code, and dismiss his appeal.
We allow Galing’s appeal but substitute for his conviction of murder a
conviction of the offence of robbery with hurt committed in furtherance of a
common intention under s 394 read with s 34 of the Penal Code. Galing’s
conviction is remitted to the trial judge for sentencing.

* * *

[note: 1]Record of Proceedings, vol 4, pp 236 and 237

[note: 2]Record of Proceedings, vol 4, pp 252 and 255

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 24 May 2011 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

