Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Shafeeg bin Salim Talib and another _v_ Helmi bin Ali bin Salim bin Talib
and others  
[2011] SGHC 165

Case Number| :| Suit No 261 of 2010 (Registrar's Appeal No 80 of 2011 and
Registrar's Appeal No 81 of 2011)  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 07 July 2011  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Philip Pillai J  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Kelvin Poon and Farrah Salam (Instructed Counsel) (Rajah
& Tann LLP) and Aloysius Leng (Abraham Low LLC) for the plaintiffs; Harry
Elias SC and Andy Lem (Instructed Counsel) (Harry Elias Partnership) and
Namazie Mirza Mohamed and Chua Boon Beng (Mallal & Namazie) for the
defendants.  
Parties| :|  Shafeeg bin Salim Talib and another — Helmi bin Ali bin Salim bin
Talib and others  
  
7 July 2011| Judgment reserved.  
---|---  
  
Philip Pillai J:

Introduction

1 This is an appeal by the defendants against the decision of the Assistant
Registrar (“AR”) to dismiss their application to strike out the plaintiffs’
statement of claim under O 18 r 19 of the Rules of Court (Cap 322, R 5, 2006
Rev Ed) (“ROC”) and/or under the inherent powers of the Court. The defendants
have also appealed against the AR’s dismissal of their application for a stay
of proceedings on the ground of _forum non conveniens_.

2 This action concerns assets forming part of the estate of Obeidillah bin
Salim bin Talib (“the Deceased”), a Muslim, who died intestate on 5 May 2005.
At the time of his death, the Deceased had various assets in Singapore and
Malaysia. He also had one asset in Egypt, namely, a 16.972% share in an
Egyptian “civil property company”, Al Taleb Al Akaria (“Al Taleb”). It was not
established whether this was a company or a partnership under Egyptian law. Al
Taleb was established in Cairo by the Deceased together with some members of
his family. Its only asset is a building in Cairo, and its only income is the
rental income from the same building.

3 The plaintiffs are the Singapore administrators of the Deceased’s estate
under a grant of letters of administration by the Singapore court (the
Singapore Grant”).The defendants, being sons of one of the brothers of the
Deceased, are all among the beneficiaries under Islamic law of the Deceased’s
estate named in the Inheritance Certificate issued by the Singapore Syariah
Court on 12 May 2005. The defendants are also the former directors/managers of
Al Taleb. They were appointed in 1986 and were removed as directors/managers
on 31 October 2007 pursuant to an order of the South Cairo Court of First
Instance (“the Cairo Court Order”). The first plaintiff is a derivative
beneficiary of the Deceased’s estate, and the second plaintiff is not a
beneficiary but an attorney for a beneficiary.

4 The Cairo Court Order was based on a finding that an amendment to Al Taleb’s
governing contract which permitted four directors/managers to be appointed
instead of two was invalid. As a result of the Cairo Court Order, Al Taleb has
been placed under a temporary receivership and the Cairo court has appointed a
receiver (“the Receiver”). At present, the Receiver continues to perform his
duties as receiver of Al Taleb.

5 The plaintiffs’ case in their statement of claim is that they, as Singapore
administrators of the Deceased’s estate, are entitled under Singapore law and
Egyptian law to represent the estate to recover from the defendants, who are
former directors/managers of Al Taleb, now replaced by the Receivers.

6 The reliefs sought by the plaintiffs are as follows:

(a)

an order that the defendants account for all monies due from Al Taleb to the
Deceased and to pay over all such monies including the sum of Egyptian Pounds
133,891.190 (being the monies due to the Deceased as at 31 December 2005) to
the plaintiffs forthwith;

(b)

that the defendants do pay interest on the monies paid to the Deceased’s
estate at such rate as the Court thinks fit;

(c)

that the defendants do within seven days of the judgment made herein, produce
to the plaintiffs:

(i)

the audited accounts of Al Taleb for the years ending 31 December 2006 and 31
December 2007;

(ii)

documentary evidence of (i) income, receipts and payments made by and to Al
Taleb; and (ii) all payments by Al Taleb to the Deceased for his 16.972% share
in Al Taleb, during the Deceased’s lifetime from the date of the appointment
of the defendants as managers/directors of Al Taleb in end-1986 to May 2005;

(d)

that the defendants do pay the costs of this action and the costs of and
incidental to the plaintiffs’ applications in Originating Summons No 1406 of
2008/P; and

(e)

that the plaintiffs shall be entitled to withhold making payments to the
defendants of their respective shares in the Deceased’s estate until the
defendants have complied with the terms of the order to be made herein.

7 The defendants then applied to strike out and stay the action in the
following applications:

(a)

The first summons, Summons No 2386 of 2010/Y, is the defendants’ application
to strike out the plaintiffs’ claim under O 18 r 19(1) of the ROC and/or by
the inherent powers of the court.

(b)

The second summons, Summons No 2400 of 2010/Y, is the defendants’ alternative
application to stay Suit No 261 of 2010/G (converted from Originating Summons
No 1406/2008/P) on the ground of _forum non conveniens_.

8 Both summonses were heard by the AR who dismissed the striking out
application on 4 March 2011, which was based on the defendants’ argument that
the plaintiffs were coming to court to seek remedies which they knew that
under Egyptian law only the receiver is entitled to and that for them to do so
would compel the defendants to commit a breach of Egyptian law. Further the AR
declined to strike out the statement of claim as she thought it would amount
to conducting a preliminary trial based on affidavits without allowing the
plaintiffs’ position to be explained at trial. The AR also dismissed the stay
application. Although she considered the “current political state in Egypt and
the enforceability of any decision in Cairo as a neutral factor”, she
concluded that due to the “change in circumstances in Cairo (political and
otherwise), justice requires the action to be nonetheless heard in Singapore”.

The Striking Out Application

9 It is settled that the failure to establish title to commence legal action
provides sufficient grounds for striking out (see _Alliance Entertainment
Singapore Pte Ltd v Sim Kay Teck and Another_[2007] 2 SLR(R) 869).

Lex fori governs locus standii

10 Whether the plaintiffs, as administrators of the Deceased’s Al Taleb
shares, are entitled to commence legal action in Singapore is a matter that is
to be determined under Singapore law, which is the _lex fori_ , as is
explained by _Dicey, Morris and Collins on the Conflict of Laws_ (Sweet &
Maxwell, 14th Ed, 2006) (“ _Dicey, Morris and Collins_ ”) at paras
7-011–7-012:

(2) Parties. In determining who are the proper parties to proceedings, the
first question is whether the claimant or defendant is the sort of person or
body that can be made a party to litigation. This is a question for the _lex
fori_.

...

Assuming that a claimant is capable of suing in the above sense, the next
question is whether he is the proper claimant in the particular action before
the court. Clearly, he is not if by the _lex causae_ the right which he is
seeking to enforce did not vest in him but in someone else. ...

The Singapore Grant does not extend to non-Singapore assets

11 The question then is whether, as a matter of Singapore law, the plaintiffs
as administrators under the Singapore Grant have the right, title and interest
in the Deceased’s Al Taleb shares to commence such legal action with respect
of these shares. As a general rule, title to foreign assets does not vest in a
Singapore personal representative by necessary implication from the Singapore
grant of letters of representation. According to _Dicey, Morris and Collins_
at para 26-022:

All property of the deceased, whether it consists of movables or immovables
(apart from the special case of settled land) which at the time of his death
is locally situate in England, vests in the English personal representative.
It is not necessary that he should have reduced the property into possession.
On the other hand, _assets outside England do not vest in an English personal
representative by virtue of his grant. Whether or not he is entitled to
recover them is a matter for the law of the country in which they are situate_
...

[emphasis added]

12 I next proceed to examine the express text of the Singapore Grant. The
Singapore Grant obtained by the plaintiffs reads as follows:

BE IT KNOWN that at the date hereunder-written Letters of Administration of
_all and singular the movable and immovable property estate and effects of
OBEIDILLAH BIN SALIM BIN TALIB_ late … were committed and granted to SHAFEEG
BIN SALIM TALIB … and ABDUL JALIL BIN AHMAD BIN TALIB … as Administrators to
apply for Grant of Letters of Administration of the Estate pursuant to the
Order of Court dated 6th October 2006 …, they having been first sworn well and
faithfully _to administer the same by paying the just debts of the deceased
and distributing the residue of his property according to law and to render a
just and true account of their administration whenever lawfully required_.

[emphasis added]

13 The schedule annexed to the Singapore Grant (“the Schedule”) sets out the
property to which the Singapore Grant refers. In the Schedule, the Deceased’s
Al Taleb shares are listed in the section which reads “Property in respect of
which the Grant is not to be made”. The relevant section of the Schedule is
set out below:

**_Property in respect of which the Grant is not to be made_**  
---  
_ACCOUNT ‘B’_  
5 |  Malayan Banking Bhd Premier Savings Account No. …  
|  RM 1,856.73 x S$0.4378 |  812.88  
6 |  **Share in Al Taleb Al Akaria Societe Civile**  
|  (i) Deceased’s 14.333% share |  EGP 176,749.25  
|  (ii) 2/16 share in Helmia’s estate |  26,616.47  
|  (iii) 2/11 share in Awad’s estate |  45,080.84  
|  (iv) 2/9 share in Abdullah’s estate |  2,766.62  
|  |  _______________  
|  |  EGP 251,213.18  
|  |  X S$0.281701  
|  |  $ 70,767.00  
[Emphasis added in bold]  
  
  

14 The Schedule is an integral part of the Singapore Grant. That it goes
beyond the purposes of determining and securing the payment of estate duty is
clear from its terms. It further sets out the value of the assets and estate
duty payable in respect to these assets which are specifically described.
Section 41 of the Estate Duty Act (Cap 96, 2005 Rev Ed) is clear in that it
requires the certificate to set out all property of the deceased, whether
estate duty is leviable on such property or not. It further provides that
property discovered after the grant of letters of representation may be
included by way of a supplemental schedule. It is clear from this that the
function of the schedule is not confined to property on which estate duty is
payable. That being the case, the inscription of “Property in respect of which
the Grant is not made” has a purpose beyond the collection of estate duty. By
its terms, it establishes that title to such property, as is described, does
not pass by virtue of the Singapore Grant.

15 It is noteworthy that although estate duty has been abolished in Singapore,
applications for grant of probate or letters of administration still require a
schedule of assets to be prepared (see para 129(2)(_c_) of the _Supreme Court
Practice Directions_). This is consistent with the position that the grant
confers title on the executor or administrator with respect to the assets to
the extent set out in the grant. Thus where the schedule describes assets with
the qualification that “Property in respect of which the Grant is not made”,
title to such assets cannot be said to arise from such a grant.

16 It is thus clear that as a matter of the _lex fori_ the plaintiffs, as
administrators of the Deceased’s estate, do not have any right, title or
interest in respect of the Deceased’s Al Taleb shares either by implication or
by the express text of the Singapore Grant.

17 In the light of the above I would strike out the plaintiffs’ statement of
claim as they do not have _locus standi_ under Singapore law, without
prejudice to anyone having title to the Deceased’s Al Taleb shares to commence
fresh proceedings in the Singapore courts.

The Application to Stay the Proceedings on the ground of Forum Non Conveniens

18 I proceed to consider the defendants’ alternative application that the
proceedings be stayed on the basis of _forum non conveniens_.

The Law on forum non conveniens

19 The law on _forum non conveniens_ as set out in _Spiliada Maritime
Corporation v Cansulex Ltd_ [1987] AC 460 (“ _Spiliada_ ”) has been concisely
restated in the following manner by the Court of Appeal in C _IMB Bank Bhd v
Dresdner Kleinwort Ltd_ [2008] 4 SLR(R) 543 at [26]:

The gist of these principles is that, under the doctrine of _forum non
conveniens_ , _a stay will only be granted where the court is satisfied that
there is some other available and more appropriate forum for the trial of the
action_. The burden of establishing this rests on the defendant and it is not
enough just to show that Singapore is not the natural or appropriate forum.
The defendant must also establish that there is another available forum which
is clearly or distinctly more appropriate than Singapore. _The natural forum
is one with which the action has the most real and substantial connection_. In
this regard, the factors which the court will take into consideration include
not only factors affecting convenience or expense (such as the availability of
witnesses) but also other factors such as the law governing the transaction
and the places where the parties respectively reside or carry on business. If
the court concludes, at this stage of the inquiry ("stage one of the
_Spiliada_ test"), that there is no other available forum which is clearly
more appropriate for the trial of the action, it will ordinarily refuse a
stay. _If, at this stage, it concludes that there is some other available
forum which prima facie is clearly more appropriate for the trial of the
action, it will ordinarily grant a stay, unless there are circumstances by
reason of which justice requires that a stay should nevertheless be refused_.
In this connection, the court will consider all the circumstances of the case.
For this second stage inquiry ("stage two of the _Spiliada_ test"), the legal
burden is on the plaintiff to establish the existence of those special
circumstances.

[emphasis added]

Stage One: The Connecting Factors Point to Egypt as the More Appropriate Forum

20 The courts of Egypt are clearly the more appropriate forum for hearing the
dispute for, _inter alia_ , the following reasons:

(a) First, this action concerns shares in an Egyptian entity whose legal
status and the incidents therefrom are determined by Egyptian law. The
plaintiffs concede that the _lex causae_ is Egyptian law, and it is well
established that the applicable law to the dispute is a relevant and
significant connecting factor (see _Rickshaw Investments Ltd v Nicolai Baron
von Uexkull_ [2007] 1 SLR(R) 377). It is also clear that “the governing law
factor becomes a more weighty one if it would involve courts having to apply
unfamiliar systems of law” (see _Halsbury’s Laws of Singapor_ e – Conflict of
Laws vol 6(2) (LexisNexis, 2009) (“ _Halsbury’s Laws of Singapore_ ”) at para
75.093). Egypt is a civil law jurisdiction and its laws and procedures are
significantly different from those in Singapore. The applicable law is
“obviously a more weighty factor in a dispute which turns on questions of
interpretation of the law than one which merely involves the application of
the law” (see _Halsbury’s Laws of Singapore_ at para 75.093).

(b) Secondly, the Egyptian court has appointed a Receiver over Al Taleb. The
incidents of the power of the Receiver with respect to the assets, books and
records of Al Taleb and claims related thereto are matters of Egyptian law.
The fourth defendant, who is averred to be in possession of the relevant
documents, resides in Egypt. The building from which Al Taleb derives its main
income in the form of rent and its books, records and receipts and compliance
with applicable law is determined by Egyptian law.

(c) Thirdly, there are three pending cases before the Egyptian courts
involving the plaintiffs, the defendants and the Receiver relating to the
affairs of Al Taleb. The shareholders of Al Taleb, present plaintiffs and
defendants included, have a history of seeking relief from the Egyptian
courts, from the time of the entity’s registration. The continuation of this
action in Singapore accordingly carries the risk of outcomes in contradiction
of Egyptian law and the rights and duties of the Egyptian court appointed
Receiver.

21 The Egyptian courts are, in the light of the above, the more appropriate
forum for the resolution of this dispute between the parties. This is not
overridden by reason only that three of the defendants reside in Singapore.

Stage Two: There is No Personal or Juridical Disadvantage to the Plaintiffs in
Granting a Stay

22 The first stage of the _Spiliada_ test being clearly satisfied, I move on
to consider the second stage of the _Spiliada_ test, which was succinctly
restated by the Court of Appeal in _PT Hutan Domas Raya v Yue Xiu Enterprises
(Holdings) Ltd and anothe_ r [2001] 1 SLR(R) 104 at [16]:

… If the court concludes that there is such a more appropriate forum, it will
ordinarily grant a stay unless, in the words of Lord Goff, "there are
circumstances by reason of which justice requires that a stay should
nevertheless not be granted. In this inquiry the court will consider all the
circumstances of the case, including circumstances which go beyond those taken
into account when considering connecting factors with other jurisdictions” …
One such factor which would warrant a refusal of stay would be if it can be
established by _objective cogent evidence_ that the plaintiff will not obtain
justice in the foreign jurisdiction. …

[emphasis added]

The Court of Appeal also noted that the plaintiff bears the burden of
establishing that he will be denied substantial justice if the case is not
heard in the forum.

23 The plaintiffs argue that commencing the action in Egypt would cause a
delay which would allow the defendants to delay the release of monies and
documents. In _Oriental Insurance Co Ltd v Bhavani Stores Pte Ltd_ [1997] 3
SLR(R) 363, the Court of Appeal ruled that a bare assertion of likely delay
would not suffice, and even if the argument was accepted, a delay would not
ordinarily merit a stay of proceedings if all that could be shown was
inconvenience and not substantial injustice (at [44]–[45]):

The respondents also said they might have to put up security for costs, and
that a speedier resolution could be had in Singapore. However, no evidence was
raised to suggest the likely delay (if any). In the absence of such evidence,
we were unable to give credence to the respondents' assertion. Furthermore,
even if we were to accept that there would be substantial delay if proceedings
were stayed, this consideration, though valid, was not so weighty as to merit
a stay of proceedings.

Ultimately, any delay which might be occasioned by a stay, in our view, would
not represent a substantial injustice to the respondents. The overall effect
would be to cause them inconvenience. However, this was not a case, to borrow
a phrase from the judgment of Lord Brandon of Oakbrook in  _The Abidin Daver_
[1984] 1 All ER 470, in which there was an overwhelming balance of convenience
in favour of the respondents.

It should be noted that the plaintiffs remain at liberty to file their
requests with the Receiver for accounts and payments relating to the
Deceased’s Al Taleb shares.

24 The plaintiffs next claim that Singapore is the only forum that can issue
effective orders to compel the defendants to deliver the documents and assets.
This submission ignores the reality that the defendants being concurrently
beneficiaries of the Deceased’s estate including the Al Taleb shares, would
have sufficient personal interest to comply with lawful orders of the
Receiver. In any event this would be one factor to consider but no means is it
conclusive.

25 In dismissing the defendants’ application on 4 March 2011 to stay the
proceedings on the basis of _forum non conveniens_ , the AR took into account
the “current political state” of Egypt and opined that justice requires the
action be heard in Singapore.

26 Here, the relevant issue is whether the political situation in Egypt is
such that the plaintiffs would be denied substantial justice if they were to
commence proceedings there or refer their claims to the Cairo court-appointed
Receiver.

27 The political uncertainty in the spring of 2011 in Egypt does not appear to
have resulted in the cessation of functioning of the Egyptian judicial
institutions. The defendants’ counsel advised the court and the plaintiffs’
counsel did not deny that the Cairo court decided on 9 March 2011 to uphold
the decision of the lower court to annul the defendants’ appointment as
directors/managers of Al Taleb. In any case, for purposes of taking judicial
notice, where is any doubt as to the proper functioning of Egyptian judicial
institutions, that doubt should be resolved against the plaintiffs who so
assert (see _Zheng Yu Shan v Lian Beng Construction (1988) Pte Ltd_ [2009] 2
SLR(R) 587 at [33]).

28 In the light of the above relevant to the _Spiliada_ stage two test, I do
not find that it has been established that the plaintiffs would be denied
substantial justice to pursue their action before the Egyptian courts.

29 I would, quite apart from granting the striking out application, in any
event, have granted a stay on the ground of _forum non conveniens_.

Conclusion

30 For all these reasons, the appeal is allowed. The defendants will have
costs here and below.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 07 Jul 2011 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

