Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Anti-Corrosion Pte Ltd _v_ Berger Paints Singapore Pte Ltd and another
appeal  
[2011] SGCA 57

Case Number| :| Civil Appeal Nos 224 and 240 of 2010 (Suit No 989 of 2009)  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 02 November 2011  
Tribunal/Court| :| Court of Appeal  
Coram| :|  Chao Hick Tin JA; Andrew Phang Boon Leong JA; V K Rajah JA  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Philip Fong Yeng Fatt, Jonathan Yuen Djia Chiang and
Joana Teo Swee Ling (Harry Elias Partnership LLP) for the appellant in CA No
224 of 2010/respondent in CA No 240 of 2010; Ang Cheng Hock SC, Sathiaseelan
s/o Jagateesan, Kenneth Lim Tao Chung and Ramesh Kumar Ramasamy (Allen &
Gledhill LLP) for the respondent in CA No 224 of 2010/appellant in CA No 240
of 2010.  
Parties| :|  Anti-Corrosion Pte Ltd — Berger Paints Singapore Pte Ltd  
  
[LawNet Editorial Note: This was an appeal from the decision of the High Court
in [2010] SGHC 351.]

2 November 2011| Judgment Reserved  
---|---  
  
V K Rajah JA (delivering the judgment of the court):

Introduction

1 This appeal and cross-appeal concern a dispute between a paint manufacturer
and a painting subcontractor on whether latent defects in the supplied paint
led to the serious discolouration of the internal surfaces at various parts of
a building project. The subcontractor sued for losses, _ie_ , expenses which
it had incurred in repainting the affected surfaces. The manufacturer in turn
made a counter-claim for the balance sum due on the paint sold to the
subcontractor.

2 A High Court judge (“the Judge”) dismissed the subcontractor’s claim and
allowed the manufacturer’s counterclaim for the sum of $72,676.62; see _Anti-
Corrosion Pte Ltd v Berger Paints Singapore Pte Ltd_ [2010] SGHC 351 (“the
judgment”). In dismissing the claim by the subcontractor, the Judge found at
[19] of the judgment that “the [appellant] has not proven on balance of
probability [_sic_] that the defects in [the paint] had caused the
discolouration”. Pertinently, at [21] of the judgment, the Judge also
determined:

… that if I had to decide on the issue of the warranty, I would have found
that [the Respondent]] had warranted all its products used in any of the
plaintiff’s projects for a period of 5 years provided that the use was based
on a proposed paint system by the defendant.

Both parties now appeal against different aspects of the judgment below. The
subcontractor contends that the Judge had erred on the issue of causation
while the manufacturer is appealing against the above-mentioned _dictum_ of
the Judge on a warranty purportedly given by it to the subcontractor. We now
give our decision and the reasons for it.

Background

Parties to the dispute

3 The subcontractor is Anti-Corrosion Pte Ltd (“the Appellant”). It provides
construction and renovation services, which include paint application works.
Its managing director is Lim Choon Lin Vincent (“Vincent Lim”). Among the
Appellant’s personnel, he was the one who liaised most often with the
Respondent’s representatives.

4 Berger Paints Singapore Pte Ltd (“the Respondent”) is the paint manufacturer
and supplier. Its sales representative, Joseph Yong, conducted the sale
negotiations with Vincent Lim. Rajeev Goel is the Respondent’s regional
technology manager who was in charge of the Respondent’s investigations after
the paint discolouration occurred. Its superior was Jaideep Nandi, the chief
executive officer of the Respondent.

Facts

5 The Respondent supplied the Appellant with paint on three separate occasions
prior to the project in question. The first time it did so was in 2005 for the
painting of the external surfaces of a Toh Guan dormitory. The project was
completed without any complaints.

6 Subsequently, in January 2006, the Respondent proposed to the Appellant and
supplied a paint system for the Toh Guan Road East Capital One project (“the
Toh Guan project”). Unlike the earlier project, the painting works were for
external and internal surfaces. The Respondent’s Decora Emulsion paint (“the
paint”) was used for the internal surfaces. The Respondent’s product data
sheet stated, _inter alia_ , that the Appellant was to “[a]pply a suitable
sealer coat such as Berger Plastaseal or Berger Water-Based Sealer” prior to
the application of the paint.[note: 1] Despite this, the Respondent’s proposed
paint system for internal surfaces did not include a sealer coat. It merely
stated:[note: 2]

**2.** **_Internal Concrete Surfaces Including Ceiling_**

Primer Coat : 1 coat of Berger Decora Emulsion

Finishing Coat : 1 coat of Berger Decora Emulsion

On receipt of the Respondent’s proposal, Vincent Lim expressed concerns over
the necessity of applying a sealer coat. His concerns were quickly brushed
aside by Joseph Yong, _vide_ a letter dated 12 January 2006:[note: 3]

**Subject** **:Proposed Paint System for Toh Guan Road East Capital One**

With reference to the above subject and our discussion regarding the coating
for the internal concrete surfaces including ceiling.

We are pleased to forward out letter for your submission to your client that
it _is not a [sic] necessary to apply a sealer coat before applying Berger
Decora Emulsion even though it was stated in our product datasheet._

[emphasis added]

This was not all that Joseph Yong did to prevail upon the Appellant to accept
the Respondent’s proposal. He again directly addressed the Appellant’s
concerns in a subsequent letter (“13 January letter”):[note: 4]

**Subject: Warranty**

With reference to the above subject, we will be providing you with _five (5)
years warranty on our products used in any of your up coming project as long
as is based on our proposed paint system_ [sic].

[emphasis added]

7 The Toh Guan project was completed uneventfully. After this, the Respondent
supplied paint to the Appellant for a third project at No 2 Toh Tuck Link
(“the Toh Tuck Link project”). For this, it did not submit a proposal for a
paint system.

8 The Respondent then supplied the Appellant with the same Decora Emulsion
paint for a project at Bukit Batok Street 23 (“the Bukit Batok project”) - the
subject matter of the present appeals. We set out now the circumstances that
led to this supply of paint for the Bukit Batok project. The Appellant had
been awarded the contract to paint the internal and external surfaces of the
buildings by the main contractor, Eng Siang Lee Construction Co Pte Ltd
(“ESL”), on 15 August 2007. As before, the Respondent’s proposal for the paint
system made on its official notepaper and captioned “**Proposed Paint System
for Bukit Batok St 23** ” did not include a sealer coat.[note: 5] Again, the
Respondent’s Decora Emulsion paint was the only paint identified as
appropriate for the painting the internal surfaces. There was absolutely no
suggestion that it was not fit for the intended usage or that a sealer coat
was necessary. However, unlike the Toh Guan project, the Appellant did not
receive additional written confirmation from the Respondent that a sealer coat
was unnecessary.

9 The Appellant’s account was that, having learnt about the Appellant’s
intended bid for the Bukit Batok project, Joseph Yong approached Vincent Lim
in July 2007 with a proposal to use the Respondent’s paint. The Appellant
asserts that it had relied on the Respondent’s assurances on the suitability
of the paint in submitting its winning bid for the project. Joseph Yong, it
maintains, gave similar verbal assurances about the suitability of using the
paint without the prior application of a sealer coat to Vincent Lim. Vincent
Lim testified that this was the reason why he did not seek written
confirmation from the Respondent that a sealer coat was unnecessary. He was
also led to believe the warranty, as stated in the 13 January letter, would
continue to apply to this project.

10 The Respondent disputed the Appellant’s claim that Joseph Yong actively
sought the latter’s business support or that he advised the Appellant on the
paint system. The Respondent claimed that it supplied paint to the Appellant
on a “supply-only” basis[note: 6] and that the Appellant purchased the paint
not because of Joseph Yong’s advice but because it was cheap. Regrettably, we
note that the Respondent did not take steps to ensure that Joseph Yong
testified in Court. All the Respondent could baldly state was that its advice
on the appropriate paint system for the Bukit Batok Project was not given. We
therefore accept Vincent Lim’s evidence on these issues.

11 The requisite painting works were carried out between September 2007 and
April 2008. During this period, the Respondent delivered the paint to the
Appellant as and when the latter required it. According to the Respondent, the
paint came from several different production batches. The Judge at [6] of the
judgment noted that the paint came from 31 batches but the Respondent now
asserts that the correct number of batches is 30. In the final analysis, it
does not matter which is the true number. However, what is clear is that the
paint supplied came from no less than 30 different batches. These constituted
about 44,000 litres of paint. The Appellant was required to sign a delivery
order and would be given a tax invoice every time the paint was delivered. The
parties, we ought to mention, disagree over whether the terms of these
documents formed part of the contract, in particular whether exemption clauses
contained in them could be used to limit the Respondent’s liability and/or
exclude terms implied by the Sale of Goods Act (Cap 393, 1999 Rev Ed) (“SGA”).

12 Sometime in April 2008, it was observed that there was serious pinkish
discolouration of the paint on the internal surfaces of the Bukit Batok
Project. The Judge found, in the judgment at [12] that the discolouration was
widespread and occurred in most, if not all, of the surfaces**.** There is no
dispute over this finding of fact. On 16 April 2008, ESL (see above, at [8])
complained to the Appellant that the paint on the internal surfaces had
discoloured. The Appellant promptly relayed this complaint to the Respondent
in a letter dated 18 April 2008.[note: 7] In this letter, it alleged the
Respondent’s paint was defective and that it was “very worry [_sic_] about
[the Respondent’s] products” as another complaint had surfaced in relation to
the paint it had used for the Toh Tuck Link project. It reiterated this
allegation in a further letter dated 21 May 2008.[note: 8] The Respondent
responded on the same date denying its paint was defective. It emphatically
asserted that Decora Emulsion was a low cost interior emulsion. It added that
“[o]ne of the key criterion [_sic_] for the paint to be applied is that a
sealer coat is used prior to the application of the paint” and while “[i]n
certain cases, the paint may perform without the usage of sealer … that is not
a recommended practice...”.[note: 9] The Respondent also stated that it had
commenced an internal investigation and offered to share the results of this
with the Appellant to show that the paint was not defective. Significantly,
the letter also stated that:

Our finding is in the presence of moisture if the surface is alkaline, the
pink colour comes out clearly if a sealer coat is not applied to seal the
substrate. This is hardly a problem with the paint but more an issue of
substrate preparation”.

The Appellant replied on the following day stating that its own investigations
ruled out the presence of moisture content. It bitingly added:[note: 10]

Although in your data sheet it is mentioned that a sealer coat is required
prior application of Berger Decora Emulsion [sic], you had proposed to us a
paint system which does not include a sealer coat, i.e. 2 coats of Berger
Decora Emulsion. _If you were aware that direct application without sealer
coat would result in a change of colour, your representative should have known
better than to propose this very same system to us for this project_.
[emphasis added]

13 The parties tried to resolve their differences through a series of
meetings, on-site inspections and correspondence. However, the dispute between
the parties eventually became intractable. The Appellant then carried out the
repainting works on the Bukit Batok project, without reference to the
Respondent, using paint from a different manufacturer, Haruna (S) Pte Ltd and
incurred additional costs of $52,242.75.

14 In the meantime, the Respondent continued investigating the cause of the
paint’s discolouration. Rajeev Goel led an in-house team to inspect the Bukit
Batok project site and conduct several tests to pin-point the cause(s) of the
discolouration. It also approached the Construction Technology Division of
Setsco Service Pte Ltd (“Setsco”), one of Singapore’s largest industrial
testing and inspection companies, to assist in verifying its internal
findings. Unknown to it, the Appellant had already commissioned Lee Sweet
Choong, Elizabeth (“Elizabeth Lee”), who is presently the Divisional Director
of Setsco’s Biological and Chemical Technology Division, to investigate the
cause of the discolouration. At trial, she was its expert witness. As Setsco
declined to represent the Respondent, it then engaged Wong Chung Wan, a
director of MAEK Consultant Pte Ltd and part-time lecturer at the School of
Design and Environment of the National University of Singapore, to be its
expert witness.

Summary of pleadings and the decision below

15 On 23 November 2009, the Appellant filed its claim for reimbursement of
costs of supplies and labour incurred in repainting the affected surfaces. It
pleaded the following:

(a)

The Respondent’s representations, express and/or implied, were relied upon by
the Appellant in choosing the paint system. Since the paint systems were the
same, the representations Joseph Yong made in relation to the Toh Guan project
– that a sealer coat of paint was unnecessary – also applied to the Bukit
Batok project.

(b)

The Respondent’s paint was not of satisfactory quality, was not reasonably fit
for use as internal paint, and that it breached the contract’s implied term
that the paint would not disintegrate and cause discolouration after
application.

(c)

The Respondent cannot rely on the exception clauses; which were contained in
its delivery orders, tax invoices and product specifications as they were
unreasonable under the Unfair Contracts Term Act (Cap 396, 1994 Rev Ed).

(d)

By not bearing all the costs of the repainting works, the Respondent was in
breach of the warranty it had provided to the Appellant.

It had incurred costs of $1,258,222.22 in repainting the affected surfaces.
After setting off the Respondent’s invoice for paint materials amounting to
$72,676.62, the Appellant claimed $1,185,545.60 from the Respondent.

16 The Respondent’s pleadings in response were:

(a)

Joseph Yong did not advise the Appellant on a paint system for the Bukit Batok
project. Even if he had, the Appellant did not or could not reasonably have
relied upon them.

(b)

The Appellant had not satisfied the burden of proving the discolouration was
caused by the Respondent’s paint, rather than some other cause.

(c)

Its liability was contractually limited by the delivery orders and tax
invoices that it sent to the Respondent.

(d)

It had not provided a warranty to the Appellant in respect of the internal
surfaces. In the usual course of business, its warranties only covered
external surfaces or whatever the parties expressly agreed upon. There was no
such agreement for the Bukit Batok project.

17 The Respondent also counter-claimed for $72,676.62 owed by the Appellant
for the paint and other related items sold to it.

18 The Judge dismissed the Appellant’s claim and allowed the Respondent’s
counterclaim. While he accepted that the representations Joseph Yong made in
relation to the Toh Guan project – that a sealer coat of paint was unnecessary
– also applied to the Bukit Batok project he nevertheless found that the
Appellant had not proved that the defects in the paint caused the
discolouration. His key findings were:

(a) “[A]t the time of painting, the internal surfaces of the Project probably
did not have excessive moisture levels” (the judgment at [15]).

(b) “It was the point on the alkalinity of the skim coat that [the Judge]
found much harder to rule out” (the judgment at [16]). The Judge’s reasons
were that, during her tests, Elizabeth Lee used skim coats that were
unrepresentative of the ones used at the project. He was also unsure whether
the paint samples she tested on were representative of the paint used. He also
expressed concern that storage conditions and time lag may have affected the
composition or quality of the paint samples.

(c) It was unlikely that there was a manufacturing problem for several
reasons. First, the Appellant had used the paint previously without
encountering problems, and no defects were noticed when the paint was mixed
and applied. Second, he accepted the Respondent’s evidence that the paint
complied with the manufacturing specifications. He also found it difficult to
understand why the Appellant took eight months to complain about the
discolouration. Lastly, the Judge felt that the discolouration occurring in
patterns was “more consistent with the explanation that [the paint] had
reacted with the skim coat” (the judgment at [19]).

Issues before this Court

19 The Appellant appeals against the Judge’s decision that the defects in the
Respondent’s paint had not been established to be the cause of the
discolouration. From the Appellant’s and Respondent’s predominantly factual
submissions, it is clear the crux of both parties’ cases is that the Court
should prefer the testimony of their respective expert witnesses. As mentioned
above at [2], the Respondent is, in addition, specifically appealing against
the Judge’s alternative finding of fact that it had warranted all of its
products used in any of the Appellant’s projects for a five-year period.

20 The following issues arise in this appeal:

(a) Has there been a breach of the contract? Answering this question requires
answering the prior question as to whether Joseph Yong gave any assurances to
Vincent Lim about the suitability of its paint without a sealer coat, which
formed part of the parties’ contract.

(b) What was the cause of the discolouration of the paint?

(c) Is the Respondent’s liability limited by exemption clauses?

The first issue: Has there been a breach of the contract?

Did Joseph Yong give any assurances to Vincent Lim that a sealer coat was
unnecessary for the Bukit Batok project?

21 As stated above at [9], the Appellant claimed Joseph Yong had approached
Vincent Lim with a proposed paint system for the Bukit Batok project, an
account which the Respondent hotly disputed. If Joseph Yong had indeed made
statements to Vincent Lim, these could form part of the contract between the
parties. It is thus necessary to determine whether such statements were ever
made.

22 Contrary to the Respondent’s submissions, the paint proposal was not a mere
formality which the Appellant needed to submit to ESL. There was plausible
evidence that Joseph Yong knew that the Appellant was relying on the
Respondent’s advice on the paint system. Vincent’s Lim’s unequivocal testimony
that Joseph Yong had made representations about the suitability of the paint
without a sealer coat and the provision of a warranty remained unshaken. We
also note that in a letter dated 22 May 2008, the Appellant stated that Joseph
Yong had made paint proposals to Vincent Lim for the Toh Guan dormitory and
Toh Guan project. The Respondent’s reply letter dated 23 May 2008 did not
rebut the Appellant’s assertions that it was Joseph Yong who actively sought
the Appellant’s patronage. That being so, and in light of the prevailing
evidence, we take these assertions as proved and infer that if Joseph Yong
gave assurances to Vincent Lim for the earlier projects, he probably did the
same for the Bukit Batok project as well. Further, Joseph Yong did not testify
on behalf of the Respondent during the trial. Taking into account this
unsatisfactory evidentiary position, we find that the Respondent was unable to
effectively rebut the Appellant’s contentions on this issue. We therefore
decide that it was likely that Joseph Yong had advised the Appellant on a
paint system for the Bukit Batok project, that he had verbally assured Vincent
Lim a sealer coat was unnecessary and that a warranty would be provided.

23 The Respondent submitted that it was unreasonable for the Appellant to rely
on the former’s paint system without making cross checks of its own, in
particular against the paint’s data sheet, which stated a sealer coat ought to
be used. However, during the trial, the Respondent’s Jaideep Nandi had no
alternative but to agree that the Appellant was also entitled to rely on the
paint proposal made in relation to the Bukit Batok Project (see also above at
[9]). The relevant portion of the transcript is as follows: [note: 11]

Q:… I put it to you that since [the Respondent] did not face any
discolouration problems in the Toh Guan project, without using sealer, [it]
was similarly entitled to rely on your identical paint proposal for Bukit
Batok; do you agree?

A:Yes.

The parol evidence rule does not preclude incorporation of Joseph Yong’s
representations to Vincent Lim.

24 It was undisputed that the tax invoices and delivery orders formed part of
the contract. However, an issue that arises is whether Joseph Yong’s oral
statements to Vincent Lim that a sealer coat was not required and that a
warranty was provided were incorporated into the contract. This in turn raises
two further issues. The first is whether consideration of the evidence of
these statements falls foul of the parol evidence rule. In our opinion, it
does not. In _Zurich Insurance (Singapore) Pte Ltd v B-Gold Interior Design &
Construction Pte Ltd_ [2008] 3 SLR(R) 1029 at [112], this court noted:

_[T]he parol evidence rule only operates where the contract was intended by
the parties to contain all the terms of their agreement._ Where the
contractual terms are ambiguous on their face, it is likely that the contract
does not contain all the terms intended by the parties. Furthermore, in order
to ascertain whether the parties intended to embody their entire agreement in
the contract, the court may take cognisance of extrinsic evidence or the
surrounding circumstances of the contract (see [40] above). [emphasis added]

25 It is trite that during the course of negotiations leading to the
conclusion of a valid and binding contract, a number of statements may be
made. Some may be intended to have contractual force; others may not. On the
facts of the present case (outlined at [5]–[8] above), we find that the tax
invoices and delivery orders did not comprise the entirety of the contractual
relationship between the parties, and that the parol evidence rule does not
preclude the incorporation of Joseph Yong’s statements to Vincent Lim into the
contract.

Joseph Yong’s statements formed part of the contract

26 The second issue, arising from our ascertainment of the contractual terms,
is whether Joseph Yong’s statements were contractual terms or non-binding
representations merely intended to induce the other party to enter into the
contract without imposing any responsibility for breach of contract. As Lord
Moulton observed in _Heilbut, Symons & Co v Buckleton_ [1913] AC 30 at 51, the
true test of a statement having contractual force is whether there is:

... evidence of an intention on the part of either or both of the parties that
there should be contractual liability in respect of the accuracy of the
statement.

27 We agree that the proper inquiry should focus on an objective assessment of
the parties’ intentions and take note of two particular factors. First, Joseph
Yong’s statements to Vincent Lim were clearly important to the latter, who was
purchasing the paint for the purpose of particular usage. Second, we are
inclined to think that if the assurances as to the warranty and sealer coat
had not been given, Vincent Lim would not have accepted the proposed paint
system and entered into the contract with the Respondent. In _Dick Bentley
Productions Ltd and Another v Harold Smith (Motors) Ltd_ [1965] 1 WLR 623 at
627–628, Lord Denning MR with his customary acuity pointed out:

... if a representation is made in the course of dealings for a contract for
the very purpose of inducing the other party to act upon it, and actually
inducing him to act upon it, by entering into the contract, that is prima
facie ground for inferring that it was intended as a warranty. It is not
necessary to speak of it as being collateral. Suffice it that it was intended
to be acted upon and was in fact acted on. But the maker of the representation
can rebut this inference if he can show that it really was an innocent
misrepresentation, in that he was in fact innocent of fault in making it, and
that it would not be reasonable in the circumstances for him to be bound by
it.

Since the Respondent undeniably had greater expertise and knowledge of its own
products than the Appellant, the inference that Joseph Yong’s statements were
intended to be a warranty could not be rebutted. Joseph Yong made his
statements to Vincent Lim intending the latter to rely on them. We therefore
find the following assurances given by Joseph Yong were express terms of the
contract:

(a)

the Respondent’s Decora Emulsion paint would be fit for application on the
internal surfaces of the Bukit Batok project, without the need for a sealer
coat; and

(b)

the provision of a five-year warranty for the paints used in the Bukit Batok
project, provided the use of paint was based on a proposed paint system by the
Respondent: see [9] and [10] above as well as [42]–[45] below.

Has there been a breach of an express term of the contract?

28 We now consider whether there has been a breach of the contractual terms
based on Joseph Yong’s statements about the Bukit Batok project. It was common
ground that there were only three possible causes of the paint discolouration,
that is to say: defects in the paint’s formulation, the condition of the
internal surfaces being painted and/or poor workmanship in applying the paint.
However, we immediately rule out the third possibility as a cause of the paint
discolouration for two uncontroversial reasons. Poor application of paint
often manifests in blisters, bubbles, craters, colour mismatch, gloss
variations and/or peeling.[note: 12] None of these were present on the
project’s internal surfaces.[note: 13] Furthermore, it was the Appellant’s
undisputed evidence that bonding between the different paint coatings, as well
as the bonding between coating and the surface, was good. This indicated that
the paint had been properly and uniformly applied.

29 A skim coat was used to smooth _certain_ parts of the internal surfaces. It
was the Respondent’s case that it was the interaction between the paint and
the alkaline skim coat which caused an alkali attack that resulted in the
discolouration. This was also what the Judge appeared to regard as the most
likely cause of the discolouration (see above at [18(c)]). This in turn
required consideration of whether there was excessive moisture on the internal
surfaces. As water is needed as a carrier for alkali movement,[note: 14] its
absence would rule out such likelihood. Rajeev Goel testified that when he
placed his hand on the internal surfaces, he felt moistness. The Judge, quite
rightly, rejected this test because it was unscientific and, importantly, not
conducted contemporaneously. Instead, he preferred the testimony of
Sundararajan s/o Nadarajan (“Sundararajan”), the onsite supervisor from ESL,
the main contractor, testified that as a matter of invariable practice, 30
days had to lapse before he would give permission for paint to be applied on
the surface.[note: 15] This was to ensure that the surface was absolutely dry.
Sundararajan also affirmed:[note: 16]

After I test on the surfaces to be painted to check that there is no excess
moisture, I then tell [the Appellant] to start painting works. If there is
excess moisture on the concrete then I will not allow [the Appellant] to start
painting.

At trial, he further elaborated on ESL’s procedure for testing for
moisture:[note: 17]

A:We have the moisture gauge. We use it on the wall, If the moisture gauge
shows, the reading shows -- there are three levels, one is green, one is
yellow and one is red. So if the green level is somewhere -- if the green
level is somewhere 1 to 2, it’s dry.

Even if it is green sometimes, it is 3, I will not allow it.

30 From this, it is clear that ESL had proper procedures in place to ensure
there was minimal moisture on the internal surfaces before any paint
application took place. On this issue, the Judge correctly concluded that
there was no excess moisture on the surfaces when the painting works
commenced.

31 On the basis of this finding, the Judge could have then ruled out surface
conditions as a possible cause of the paint discolouration. If there was
inadequate moisture for there to be an alkali attack, then the surface
conditions could not have caused the paint discolouration. However,
surprisingly, he did not adopt this approach. One reason he gave for not doing
so was that Elizabeth Lee could not explain why the discolouration was varied
on most, but not all, of the surfaces. In his judgment at [19], he noted:

... the fact that the discolouration occurred in patterns rather than random
patches suggested interaction with an underlying substance, rather than
defects in [the paint] alone.

We have difficulty with the Judge’s thinking on this point. In the first
place, there was no satisfactory evidence that clearly proved that the parts
of the interior walls on which discolouration occurred were the same areas as
those on which the skim coat was applied. Furthermore, uncontroverted evidence
was adduced to establish that formwork was used to cast the plaster and
concrete into shape. This presence of formwork appears to be a plausible
reason for the rectangular patterns of discolouration on several of the
affected surfaces. Indeed, this is what the Respondent’s own expert, Wong
Chung Wan, opined as a possible cause of the patterned discolouration in his
report:[note: 18]

[T]he regular (rectangular) patches of discolouration divided by narrow “non-
discoloured” strips on ceilings which infers that the characteristics of the
substrates had contributed to the phenomenon. _The well formed and consistent
configurations of the discoloured patches are reminiscent of the formworks
arrangement for concreting_. Without first hand visual inspection, it is
difficult to ascertain the cause of such pattern. [emphasis added]

32 Given this evidence adduced on behalf of the Respondent, we are puzzled how
the Judge ruled otherwise, _viz_ , that the pattern of discolouration
indicated reaction with the substrate rather than an underlying defect with
the paint: see [31] above. It seems to us that the good adhesion between the
different paint coats indicated that there was no alkali movement between the
various layers of paint. As explained in both Setsco reports by Elizabeth Lee,
an alkali attack is typically characterised by chalking, blistering or
efflorences, none of which were present.[note: 19] In the light of the absence
of any credible evidence of excess levels of moisture before the paint was
applied, we are satisfied that an alkali attack had not occurred.

33 Another reason the Judge proffered for not accepting the Appellant’s case
theory was that it had used the same paint before without any complaints. We
disagree with the Judge’s reasoning on this point on two grounds. The Judge
failed to appreciate that the Appellant had earlier complained that the paint
which it had used for the Toh Tuck Link project was problematic: see [12]
above. In addition, given that the Respondent did not attempt to show that the
paint used in the different projects came from the same batches, the Judge
could not and should not have assumed that the paint used in the Toh Guan
project, against which there were no complaints, came from the very same
batches of paint supplied for the Bukit Batok project. As the paint used were
not from the same batches, this reason for not accepting the Appellant’s case
theory is more than questionable.

34 We also do not accept the Respondent’s submission that the compliance of
the paint with its manufacturing specifications indicated that the paint was
free from defects. The Respondent’s own evidence is that the paint came from
30 different batches. It therefore had to show that the paint from all these
batches were free from defects. Here, the Respondent was unable to even begin
to discharge this burden as it did not show that all the paint samples it had
tested were representative of the paint from the 30 batches used for the Bukit
Batok project.

35 The final reason which the Judge gave for not accepting the Appellant’s
evidence was that he did not understand why the Appellant took eight months to
complain about the discolouration. The Appellant explained that once a floor
in the project building had been painted, it would be handed over to ESL. It
then immediately informed the Respondent of the discolouration once it had
learnt about it from ESL. This is not disputed. We see no reason why this
entirely logical explanation was not accepted. In the result, we find that the
surface conditions were plainly not the cause of the paint discolouration.

36 Having eliminated two of the three possible causes, it seems to us that the
paint discolouration was more likely than not caused by defects in the paint’s
formulation. This view is reinforced by the settling effect or coagulation of
the paint samples that Elizabeth Lee tested. We preferred her evidence over
the Respondent’s experts for several reasons. With a sharp focus on
determining the cause of the discolouration, her inquiry was more
comprehensive than the reports adduced on behalf of the Respondent. The in-
house report only had a narrow remit of determining the alkaline resistance of
the coated cement panels. This was not decisive of the issue. Further, Wong
Chung Wan’s reports were restricted to evaluating Elizabeth Lee’s report. He
had not conducted any independent testing or analysis of his own and had not
been to the building site. The Judge did not accept Elizabeth Lee’s
conclusions because she had not “explain[ed] to [his] satisfaction how the
disintegration of the paint necessarily evidenced defects in [the paint]” and
because “the discolouration [occurring] in patterns rather than random patches
suggested interaction with an underlying substances [_sic_], rather than
defects in [the paint] alone” (at [18] and [19] of the judgment). However, as
we noted above at [31], the patterns could have been related to the formwork
used during the painting process. In addition, Elizabeth Lee’s findings have
to be considered in the light of the parties’ acceptance that the
discolouration could only have been caused by one or a combination of three
things: defects in the paint, poor workmanship and/or surface conditions.
While Elizabeth Lee did not _irrefutably_ prove scientifically that there were
defects in the paint, she convincingly established that the discolouration was
not caused by poor workmanship or the surface conditions and therefore
_logically_ proved by the process of elimination that defects in the paint or
its unfitness were the root causes of the discolouration. The Respondent
tepidly suggested that she had not conducted her tests on representative
samples. This conveniently glosses over the fact she had tested two types of
samples. The first type was paint provided by the Appellant. The second type
was dry samples which her team had cut from the internal surfaces of the
project. The Respondent’s criticism could apply to the former, but not the
latter.

37 The legal burden is of course on the Appellant to prove that defects in the
paint or its unfitness led to its discolouration. Its evidence eliminated
surface conditions and poor workmanship as causes of the discolouration,
leaving defects in the paint or its unfitness as the probable cause. On this
issue we note that Jaideep Nandi acknowledged that when other possible causes
for discolouration were eliminated then paint failure could be attributed to
the paint itself:[note: 20]

When I refer a paint system one of my basic criteria that I want to ensure is
that there is low moisture on the wall, low alkalinity on the wall.

If after that, the paint fails, I am clear that the paint is failing surely
because of the paint. I mean there is no doubt in my mind. And if you ask me
whether the paint does fail ever, yes obviously we have ...

Once the evidence logically demonstrated that defective paint was _prima
facie_ the likely cause of the discolouration, the tactical burden shifted to
the Respondent to show that this was not correct on a balance of
probabilities. We should explain that the tactical burden is one that is borne
by the opponent of the issue after the proponent has discharged his evidential
burden: see Colin Tapper, _Cross & Tapper on Evidence_ (Oxford University
Press, 12th Ed, 2010) at p 126. The opponent must, in the words of Denning J
(as he then was), “call evidence or take the consequences, which may not
necessarily be adverse”: see _Presumptions and Burdens_ (1945) 61 LQR 379 at
380. What is needed in any particular case to assess whether this burden has
been discharged is a fact-centric exercise circumscribed by commonsense. The
Respondent could have, _inter alia_ , adduced evidence that it had not
received any complaints from other customers about the paint sold from the
same 30 odd batches. Oddly, it failed to do so. Indeed, there is no evidence
on record of the paint from these batches being sold to other parties and or
that it been used. What happened to all this paint? Instead, the Respondent
adduced evidence that attempted to merely show that the manufacture of the
paint used for the Bukit Batok project would have, in the ordinary course,
complied with the paint’s technical specifications. During cross-examination,
Elizabeth Lee rightly accepted that if the paint formulation conformed to
standard procedure, there was unlikely to be a problem. This evidence was
relevant but not decisive of this issue, especially since the Respondent did
not adduce evidence to show the paint it conducted tests on were from the very
same batches of paint supplied to the Appellant. The Respondent ought to have
also shown that the paint was free from defects from stowage at the point when
it was handed over to the Appellant. Regrettably, it failed to do so.
Tellingly, we also note that the Respondent did not produce any documentation
to substantiate the findings of its internal investigations that the substrate
preparation was the root cause of the discolouration despite its insistence
that it maintained “detailed logs”.[note: 21]

38 Accordingly, we find that the paint discolouration was more likely than not
caused by defects in the Decora Emulsion paint supplied by the Respondent.
There has therefore been a breach of the express term of the contract that the
Respondent’s paint would be free from defects and fit for application on the
internal surfaces of the Bukit Batok project, without the need for a sealer
coat (see [27(a)] above). This finding obviates the need to consider whether
there is a breach of the implied terms of the SGA.

The second issue: What was the cause of the discolouration of the paint?

Test of causation

39 The _but for_ test of causation in tort also applies in ascertaining
whether there has been factual causation for the purposes of contract law. In
_Sunny Metal & Engineering Pte Ltd v Ng Khim Ming Eric_ [2007] 3 SLR(R) 782,
this court stated (at [63]):

In our view, there is no reason why the “but for” test in tort cannot also be
used in contract cases to determine the issue of causation _in fact_...
Accordingly, we adopted the tortious test for causation in fact in considering
the issue of causation in SME’s claims in _both_ tort and contract. [emphasis
in original]

40 We note that in his judgment at [19], the Judge held that “[the Appellant]
has not proven on balance of probability [_sic_] that the defects in [the
paint] had caused the discolouration”. Seen against the entire tenor of his
judgment and how he was singularly focussed in pin-pointing a single cause for
the discolouration of the paint, it appears the test of factual causation the
Judge applied was whether the defective paints were proven on a balance of
probabilities to be _the_ _only possible_ cause, rather than the _but for_
cause. This may seem to be a semantic splitting of hairs, but the evidentiary
burden on a party and the substantive threshold of a cause of action are two
different matters. The balance of probabilities lies in the province of the
law of evidence while the test for factual causation belongs in the
substantive law of contract.

Applying the test of factual causation

41 As the Judge seemed to have applied the wrong test of factual causation, we
have to consider afresh whether the Appellant successfully showed on a balance
of probabilities that defects in the paint caused its discolouration.

42 The causal inquiry overlaps with the inquiry as to whether there were
defects in the paint. Having eliminated poor workmanship and surface
conditions as possible causes of the paint discolouration, we find that
defects in the paint were the _but for_ cause.

The third issue: Is the Respondent’s liability contractually limited?

There is an express warranty

43 Whether there is a warranty in respect of the Bukit Batok project is the
subject of the Respondent’s cross-appeal. The parties have adopted different
interpretations of the 13 January 2006 letter to the Appellant (see [6]
above). The Appellant contends that it is an open warranty that applies to all
future projects. The Respondent has argued that it only applied to the Toh
Guan project. The Judge observed _obiter_ that “[the Respondent] had warranted
all its products used in any of [the Appellant]’s projects for a period of 5
years provided that the use was based on a proposed paint system by [the
Respondent]” (the judgment at [21]).

44 We agree with the Judge’s finding that the 13 January 2006 letter was a
warranty. The phrase “in any of your up coming project [_sic_]” clearly means
what it plainly states - the warranty was not limited to the Toh Guan project.
The Respondent submitted that a warranty cannot be so open-ended but did not
cite any authorities for this proposition. Even accepting the Respondent’s
argument on its face, the warranty was not _carte blanche_ since the warranty
would only apply if the Appellant not only purchased the Respondent’s paints,
but also did so in compliance with the latter’s proposed paint system.

The express agreement overrides the exemption clauses

45 Our finding that there is a warranty raises the question whether the
Respondent is still entitled to rely upon the exemption clauses in the tax
invoices and delivery orders to limit its liability, if any, to the Appellant.

46 In our view, the exemption clauses were not effective in the light of the
express warranty. It is well established that an exemption clause contained in
a written contract can be overridden by an express warranty given at or before
the time the contract was concluded: _Couchman v Hill_ [1947] KB 554. For a
concise summary of the law in this area, one may turn to Edwin Peel, _Treitel:
The Law of Contract_ (Sweet & Maxwell, 13th Ed, 2011) at para 7-041 which
reads as follows:

**Overriding undertaking**. An exemption clause in a document with reference
to which the parties contract can be overridden by an express inconsistent
undertaking given at or before the time of contracting. Thus a buyer of goods
by auction can recover damages for breach of an oral undertaking given at the
time of sale although the printed conditions of sale exempt the seller from
all liability for defects. To bring this rule into operation, there must be an
“express specific oral promise” which is inconsistent with the exemption
clause …

We note that _Chitty on Contracts_ (Sweet & Maxwell, 30th Ed, 2008) vol 1 at
para 14-134 also emphatically states:

**Collateral warranties and guarantees.** _A party who would otherwise be
entitled to rely on an exempting provision will not be permitted to do so if
he gives an express oral warranty which runs counter to the tenor of the
written exemption._ A warranty given before the agreement is entered into may
also be enforced as a collateral contract the consideration of which is the
entering into of the written agreement. Thus in _Webster v Higgin_ an oral
warranty as to the present condition of a car was enforced as a collateral
contract in return for which a contract of hire-purchase, which contained
exempting provisions, was signed. [emphasis added]

47 In addition to finding that the 13 January 2006 letter was indeed a
warranty intended to have contractual force in relation to future projects
such as the Bukit Batok project, we also consider it to have been expressly
incorporated into the parties’ contractual relationship since it was the
Appellant’s undisputed evidence that it relied on Joseph Yong’s statements and
the 13 January letter before entering into the contract with the Respondent.
This warranty takes precedence over any exemption clauses in relation to
subject matter it embraces. As such, the Respondent cannot rely on the latter
to limit its contractual liability.

48 To summarise, we depart from the Judge’s ruling on the issue of causation.
He had made an understandable but, nevertheless, clearly demonstrable error.
The parties had agreed that there were three possible causes of the
discolouration: defects in the paint’s formulation, the condition of the
internal surfaces being painted and/or poor workmanship in applying the paint.
For the reasons stated at [28] and [29] to [35], we eliminated poor
workmanship and the internal surfaces respectively as the likely causes of the
discolouration. With the Appellant _prima facie_ proving that defects in the
paint had caused the discolouration, the tactical burden shifted to the
Respondent to show that the paint it supplied was not defective. It failed to
do so. Consequently, we find that the Appellant has proven on a balance of
probabilities that defects in the paint were the cause of the discolouration.

Conclusion

49 We therefore allow the appeal and dismiss the cross-appeal, with taxed
costs here and below to the Appellant. The assessment of the damages due from
the Respondent to the Appellant is remitted to the Judge. The usual
consequential orders are to follow.

* * *

[note: 1]Record of Appeal Vol III(D) at p1190

[note: 2]Appellant’s Core Bundle (Vol II) at p 16.

[note: 3]Appellant’s Core Bundle (Vol II) at p 17

[note: 4]Appellant’s Core Bundle (Vol II) at p 19

[note: 5]Appellant’s Core Bundle (Vol II) at p 112.

[note: 6]Respondent’s Case at p 29, para 69.

[note: 7]Appellant’s Core Bundle (Vol II) at p 21.

[note: 8]Appellant’s Core Bundle (Vol II) at p 38.

[note: 9]Appellent’s Core Bundle (Vol II) at p 39.

[note: 10]Appellant’s Core Bundle (Vol II) at p 41.

[note: 11]Official Transcript: Day 5, 2 July 2010, p 79; Record of Appeal Vol
III(L) at p 3491

[note: 12]See second report of Setsco, at Appellant’s Core Bundle at p111

[note: 13]See first report of Setsco at Appellant’s Core Bundle at p 67

[note: 14]This was admitted by the Respondent’s own witnesses: a) Wong Chung
Wan’s report dated 18 May 2010 at RA Vol III(F) 1681 b) Rajeev Goel’s evidence
at trial at RA Vol III(L) 3600 and Sharon Lee at RA Vol III(M) 3741.

[note: 15]Offical Transcript, Day 1, 28 June 2010; Record of Appeal Vol III(J)
at pp 2796 and 2797

[note: 16]AEIC of Sundararajan s/o Nadarajan dated 11 June 2010 at para 5.

[note: 17]Offical Transcript, Day 1, 28 June 2010; Record of Appeal Vol III(J)
at p 2796

[note: 18]AEIC of Wong Chung Wan, filed on 18 May 2010, at p 31; Record of
Appeal Vol III(F) p 1682

[note: 19]Appellant’s Core Bundle Vol II at p 101; Record of Appeal Vol V (B)
at p 4717 and Appellant’s Core Bundle Vol II at p 67

[note: 20]Official Transcript, Day 5, 2 July 2010 at lines 15 to 22; Record of
Appeal Vol III(L) at pp 3458.

[note: 21]Appellant’s Skeletal Submissions at para 12.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 02 Nov 2011 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

