Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Public Prosecutor _v_ Tee Fook Boon Andrew  
[2011] SGHC 192

Case Number| :| Magistrate's Appeal No 120 of 2011  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 22 August 2011  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Steven Chong J  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Tan Kiat Pheng, Vala Muthupalaniappan, and Grace Goh
Chioa Wei (Attorney-General's Chambers) for the Appellant; Jason Lim Chen Thor
(De Souza Lim & Goh LLP) for the Respondent.  
Parties| :|  Public Prosecutor — Tee Fook Boon Andrew  
  
22 August 2011|  
---|---  
  
Steven Chong J:

Introduction

1 This appeal involved one of the largest cases of private sector corruption
in terms of the total amount of gratification paid. The respondent paid bribes
totalling S$2,389,322.47 in 80 separate payments between January 2003 and July
2009. The District Judge imposed a sentence of one month’s imprisonment and a
fine of S$15,000 (in default, one month’s imprisonment) for each of the
charges. Four of the imprisonment sentences were ordered to run consecutively
with the remaining sentences to run concurrently. In total, the respondent was
therefore sentenced to serve four months’ imprisonment (_ie_ , 16 weeks
imprisonment) and was ordered to pay a total fine of S$180,000 (in default, 12
months’ imprisonment). The prosecution appealed on the ground that the
District Judge had erred in principle, in determining the factual matrix for
sentencing, in appreciating the material before him and in ordering a
manifestly inadequate sentence. Although this case involved one of the largest
sums of bribes paid in recent times, it was accepted by both counsel that the
custodial sentence of one month’s imprisonment per charge was perhaps the
lowest to their knowledge. At the end of the hearing, I allowed the appeal and
enhanced the respondent’s sentence to 40 weeks’ imprisonment in aggregate (10
weeks’ imprisonment per charge), with the fine remaining unchanged at
S$180,000. I had provided brief oral grounds when I allowed the appeal. These
are my detailed grounds of decision.

Facts

Background

2 The respondent was the sole proprietor of AT35 Services, which was
registered as a scrap metal and waste disposal business. The respondent was
acquainted with one Lim Kim Seng Gary (“Lim”). Lim operated a company which
provided cleaning services to IKEA’s restaurant outlet located at Alexandra
Road in Singapore (“the IKEA Store”). IKANO Pte Ltd (“IKANO”), the local
franchisee of INTER IKEA SYSTEMS BV, owns and operates the IKEA Store.

3 In early October 2002, Lim made a proposition to the respondent to enter
into a business to provide food supplies to IKANO. At the time, IKANO obtained
its food supplies from a business known as “Wholesale Food Trader”, which was
operated by Lim’s brother. Lim wanted to replace Wholesale Food Trader but he
did not want to appear to have an interest in the entity providing food supply
services to IKANO because Lim was already providing it with cleaning services.
The plan, therefore, was for the respondent to take over Wholesale Food
Trader’s business through AT35 Services. Lim and the respondent would each
contribute S$30,000 as working capital for this purpose.

4 Some time thereafter, Lim introduced the respondent to one Leng Kah Poh
Chris (“Leng”) who was the Food Services Manager of IKANO. The precise date
when this meeting occurred was not stated in the Statement of Facts.

5 It was then “ _subsequently_ ” agreed that should Leng select AT35 Services
as IKANO’s food supplier, Lim and the respondent would reward Leng with one-
third of all profits earned by AT35 Services from its business with IKANO.
Again, the Statement of Facts did not indicate the precise date when this
agreement was reached. However, it was clear from the Statement of Facts that
IKANO selected AT35 Services as its food supplier _after_ the corrupt scheme
between Leng, Lim and the respondent was hatched.

6 From November 2002, AT35 Services supplied food to IKANO. Initially, AT35
Services priced its food supplies competitively to the price offered by
Wholesale Food Trader. As time went on, AT35 Services began to charge prices
significantly higher than the market rate. From August 2005 onwards, a new
business by the name of “Food Royal Trading” (“FRT”) was set up to take over
the supply of dry food items and sauces to IKANO from AT35 Services. The same
agreement of splitting profits three-ways between Lim, Leng and the respondent
applied to FRT’s profits.

7 As was agreed (see [5]–[6] above), one-third of the profits of AT35 Services
and FRT were paid to Leng. Between January 2003 and July 2009, a total of 80
such payments were made. As mentioned earlier (see [1] above), the total
amount of the payments was S$2,389,322.47. Leng obtained his share of profits
in cash from Lim who, in turn, obtained the cash from the respondent. The
respondent obtained the cash by encashing cheques drawn on the accounts of
AT35 Services and/or FRT.

The charges

8 The respondent was charged with 80 counts of corrupt gratification of an
agent in furtherance of a common intention with Lim in contravention of s 6(b)
of the Prevention of Corruption Act (Cap 241, 1993 Rev Ed) (“PCA”) read with s
34 of the Penal Code (Cap 224, 2008 Rev Ed).

9 The prosecution proceeded on 12 charges. The total amount of gratification
provided on the 12 charges was S$761,019.64. The respondent pleaded guilty to
the 12 charges and consented to the remaining charges being taken into
consideration for the purpose of sentencing.

**_Settlement of a civil claim brought by IKANO_**

10 IKANO brought a civil claim against the respondent and others for unlawful
conspiracy to injure IKANO. The respondent has since paid a sum of S$1,000,000
to settle IKANO’s claim (part of the payment was in cash and the remainder was
set-off against sums owed by IKANO to AT35 Services).

**The District Judge’s decision**

11 The District Judge sentenced the respondent to one month’s imprisonment and
a fine of S$15,000 (in default, one month’s imprisonment) for each of the
charges. The imprisonment terms on four of the charges were ordered to run
consecutively with the remaining sentences to run concurrently.

12 The District Judge considered the prosecution and the respondent’s
submissions on the aggravating and mitigating factors in considerable detail.
The factors he considered were as follows:

(a)

the need for general deterrence in corruption cases;

(b)

the role and culpability of the respondent;

(c)

the mischief caused by the respondent’s payment of gratification;

(d)

the amount of gratification paid;

(e)

the degree of planning involved;

(f)

the duration of the offences;

(g)

the benefit acquired by the respondent;

(h)

the fact that the respondent had made restitution;

(i)

the personal hardship that might be caused to the respondent as a result of
his sentence (this did not carry much weight); and

(j)

the respondent’s good character, as demonstrated by his charity work and
testimonials on his character (this did not carry much weight).

13 After considering these factors, the District Judge decided that a short
custodial sentence was warranted because of the need for general deterrence
and the large amount of gratification involved. However, the District Judge
was of the view that since the respondent was a first offender, the length of
the sentence was to be determined by considerations of individual deterrence.
These considerations would, however, in his view, have to be balanced against
considerations of general deterrence which apply in corruption cases. A long
custodial sentence was not justified because the respondent was of good
character and was genuinely remorseful as evidenced by his cooperation with
the Corrupt Practices Investigation Bureau (“CPIB”), his guilty plea and his
making of restitution.

14 The District Judge then reached his decision on the length of the sentence
after considering the sentencing precedents. The District Judge approached the
sentencing precedents by comparing the culpability of the respondent with the
culpability of the defendants in the precedents.

**The prosecution’s appeal on sentencing**

15 For the appeal, the prosecution raised the following arguments:

(a) The District Judge failed to give sufficient weight to the need for
general deterrence in corruption cases.

(b) The District Judge “erred in law and in fact” by failing to give
sufficient weight to the following factors:

(i)

the fact that the respondent gave bribes on 80 occasions;

(ii)

the total amount of bribes paid was substantial;

(iii)

the corruption spanned 6.5 years;

(iv)

the offences were committed with deliberation and premeditation; and

(v)

IKANO sustained substantial damage and the respondent obtained substantial
benefits because IKANO purchased food supplies at prices significantly higher
than the market rate.

(c) The District Judge “erred in law and in fact” by deciding that:

(i)

the respondent was not as culpable as Leng;

(ii)

the respondent played a peripheral role in the scheme because he did not
actively seek to corrupt Leng; and

(iii)

there was no evidence that the respondent corrupted anyone.

(d) The District Judge “erred in law and in fact” by deciding that “the
substantial benefit to the respondent was not wholly tainted by or derived
from the fruits of corruption”.

(e) The District Judge “erred in law and in fact” by accepting that the
respondent did not pay gratification in exchange for specific favours.

(f) The District Judge “erred in law and in fact” by according undue weight to
the respondent’s making of restitution of S$1,000,000 and in failing to give
sufficient consideration to the fact that the respondent was unjustly enriched
by about S$2,389,000 from the corrupt arrangement.

(g) The sentence was manifestly inadequate.

16 The respondent cited extensively from the District Judge’s decision. His
arguments were largely a defence and reiteration of the District Judge’s
reasoning as summarised above (see [12]–[14]).

**The law on appellate intervention in sentencing**

17 It would be useful to briefly consider the law on appellate intervention in
sentencing. The Court of Appeal in _Public Prosecutor v Kwong Kok Hing_ [2008]
2 SLR(R) 684 (“ _Kwong Kok Hing_ ”) reiterated (at [14]) that appellate
intervention is warranted in only the following four instances:

…

(a) the trial judge had made the wrong decision as to the proper factual
matrix for sentence;

(b) the trial judge had erred in appreciating the material before him;

(c) the sentence was wrong in principle; or

(d) the sentence imposed was manifestly excessive, or manifestly inadequate.

18 As to the fourth ground of intervention, _viz_ , the manifest inadequacy of
the sentence, the Court of Appeal noted that what is required is an “unjustly
lenient” sentence which would require “substantial alterations rather than
minute corrections to remedy the injustice” (see _Kwong Kok Hing_ at [15]
citing _PP v Siew Boon Loong_ [2005] 1 SLR(R) 611 at [22]).

Issues

19 I considered the following issues:

(a)

Did the District Judge err in principle?

(b)

Did the District Judge err in appreciating the proper factual matrix for
sentencing or in appreciating the material placed before him?

(c)

Was the sentence imposed by the District Judge manifestly inadequate?

The reasons for my decision

The sentencing principles for private sector corruption

20 V K Rajah JA in _Public Prosecutor v Ang Seng Thor_ [2011] SGHC 134 (“ _Ang
Seng Thor_ ”) recently reviewed the principles which should be applied in
sentencing for private sector corruption. I do not propose to restate the
principles set out in _Ang Seng Thor_. It is sufficient for present purposes
to note the following:

(a) The main sentencing considerations in corruption cases are deterrence and
punishment (_Ang Seng Thor_ at [33]).

(b) The seriousness of the offence would increase considerably in cases
involving corruption of managers, particularly senior managers (_Ang Seng
Thor_ at [42]).

(c) The giver of a bribe is generally as culpable as the receiver (_Ang Seng
Thor_ at [45]).

(d) The size of the bribe has a bearing on both the culpability of the
offender and the harm occasioned by the offence. The larger the amount of the
bribe, the greater is the corrupt influence on the recipient and, hence, the
greater is the subversion of the public interest in ensuring fairness in
transactions and decisions. The size of the bribe is also a good indicator of
the culpability of the offender. In the case of the giver of the bribe, the
size of the bribe demonstrates the amount of influence that the giver wanted
to exert on the recipient. Hence, in general, the greater the bribe, the
greater is the culpability of the giver (_Ang Seng Thor_ at [46]–[47]).

**_Did the District Judge err in principle?_**

21 The prosecution raised a number of arguments which were, in essence,
arguments that the District Judge had erred in principle. The prosecution
claimed that the District Judge failed to accord sufficient weight to the
following factors:

(a)

the need for general deterrence;

(b)

the fact that the respondent gave bribes on 80 occasions;

(c)

the fact that the total amount of bribes paid was substantial; and

(d)

the fact that the corruption spanned 6.5 years.

22 My view was that the District Judge cannot be said to have erred _in
principle_ by reason of the weight that he accorded to the relevant factors.
The District Judge did, in fact, take into account the considerations referred
to above.

23 First, the District Judge did not ignore the need for general deterrence.
He recognised that general deterrence was the primary sentencing consideration
in corruption cases. General deterrence was also the reason why the District
Judge decided that a custodial sentence was warranted. He also took general
deterrence into account in determining the length of the custodial sentence
(_PP v Andrew Tee Fook Boon_ [2011] SGDC 211 at [68]):

68 Given that the defendant was a first offender, the length of the sentence
would generally be determined by considerations of individual deterrence
(_although this would have to be balanced against considerations of general
deterrence_ in corruption cases)…

[emphasis added]

24 Second, the District Judge took into account the duration and frequency of
the offences although he did not consider this to be a “significant
aggravating factor” because of what he considered to be the respondent’s
“peripheral role” in the corrupt scheme. I considered that his understanding
of the respondent’s role was not supported by the evidence before him. This is
a matter that I have dealt with in greater detail below (see [27]). For now,
it is sufficient to note that the District Judge did not err as a matter of
principle. His error was in his appreciation of the factual matrix for
sentencing. This, in turn, meant that his _application_ of the relevant
principles was erroneous. However, it cannot be said that the District Judge
had erred in principle as a result. He identified the correct principles.

25 Third, the District Judge took the amount of the bribe and the fact that it
was paid over an extended period into consideration. However, he took the view
that the amount of gratification could not be viewed in isolation. He reasoned
that the amount of gratification was large because of the amount of profits
earned by the business and the duration over which the offences took place.
Again, the District Judge did not err in principle in taking this approach. He
did not consider the amount of gratification paid to be an irrelevant
consideration. If he had done so, he would have certainly erred in principle
because it is well accepted that the amount of gratification paid is a
relevant sentencing consideration in corruption cases (see [20(d)] above).
Having taken the amount of gratification paid into consideration, it was open
to the District Judge to hold that this factor should not be given much
significance or weight _provided_ that such holding was justified by other
relevant factors.

Did the District Judge err in appreciating the proper factual matrix for
sentencing or in appreciating the material placed before him?

26 My view was that the District Judge made three significant factual errors.

27 First, the District Judge was not justified in concluding that the
respondent played a peripheral role in the scheme. While it is true that the
respondent was not the initiator of the corrupt scheme, he was nonetheless the
person who managed AT35 Services and FRT. He also monitored their finances and
periodically drew out cash to pay the bribes which were transmitted, through
Lim, to Leng.

28 Second, the District Judge erred in taking the view that the respondent was
not as culpable as Lim and Leng. Even though the respondent was not the person
who initiated the plan to corrupt Leng, he was very much a part of the corrupt
scheme from its genesis. The Statement of Facts reveals that the corrupt
scheme was hatched between the respondent, Leng and Lim _prior_ to the
selection of AT35 Services as the food supplier for IKANO. Paragraph 4 of the
Statement of Facts makes this clear:

Shortly thereafter, Gary introduced the accused to Chris at a coffee shop in
Bishan. Gary informed Chris that AT35 Services was interested in becoming
IKEA's food supplier. Subsequently, it was agreed that **_should_** Chris
select AT35 Services as the food supplier for IKEA, Gary and the accused would
reward Chris with one-third of any profits earned by AT35 Services from their
dealings with IKEA. The accused was aware that it was necessary for Gary and
him to reward Chris with one-third of the profits as he was the one in charge
of selecting IKEA's food supplier, and that if they did not get Chris
involved, they would not have been able to obtain the deal with IKEA.
[emphasis added in bold italics]

Furthermore, the Statement of Facts showed that the corrupt scheme was an
_agreement_ reached between Leng, Lim and the respondent. The respondent was a
willing and active participant in the agreement and was not merely acquiescent
in a bilateral corrupt agreement between Leng and Lim. Even if the respondent
merely acquiesced in the scheme, the fact is that he did so over a very
substantial period. It was therefore erroneous for the District Judge to have
taken the view that the respondent was not as culpable as Lim or Leng. This
case undoubtedly fell within the general position that the giver is typically
as culpable as the recipient (see [20(c)] above). There were no exceptional
circumstances to suggest otherwise.

29 Third, the District Judge was wrong to have found that there was no
evidence that the respondent had corrupted anyone. This was a curious finding
particularly since every charge to which the respondent pleaded guilty
expressly stated that the respondent “did corruptly give…[Leng]…a
gratification”. The fact that the bribes corrupted Leng is beyond doubt
because it was an ingredient of the charges that the respondent pleaded guilty
to.

30 Since the District Judge made factual errors material to sentencing, it was
open to me to intervene and determine whether the sentence he awarded was
appropriate in the circumstances. For the reasons given below, I considered
that the sentence ordered below was manifestly inadequate and thus not
appropriate in the circumstances.

Was the sentence manifestly inadequate?

31 I agreed with the District Judge that a custodial sentence was warranted in
view of the size of the bribe and the need for general deterrence. Indeed, the
respondent did not appeal against the District Judge’s imposition of a
custodial sentence even though his primary argument below was that a fine
should be imposed. Thus, the issue that I had to consider was whether the
length of the custodial sentence and the fine imposed by the District Judge
was manifestly inadequate.

32 For convictions under s 6(b) of the PCA where custodial sentences were
imposed, the duration of the custodial sentences range from six weeks’
imprisonment per charge in _Ang Seng Thor_ to 12 months’ imprisonment per
charge in _PP v Kang Hwi Wah_ [1994] 2 SLR(R) 47 (“ _Kang Hwi Wah_ ”). Before
me, the prosecution pressed for three to four months’ imprisonment for each
charge with an aggregate sentence of between 12 and 18 months’ imprisonment.
However, in the proceedings below, the prosecution pressed for a deterrent
sentence of between nine and 12 months’ imprisonment for each charge with at
least four sentences to run concurrently.

33 I agreed with the prosecution that the facts before me were more serious
than that in _Ang Seng Thor_. Like the present case, the accused in _Ang Seng
Thor_ was not the initiator. Rajah JA nevertheless disagreed with the District
Judge that the accused was less culpable merely because he was not the
initiator (_Ang Seng Thor_ at [51]). Second, Rajah JA also held, contrary to
the District Judge, that the degree of culpability of the giver corresponds to
the size of the bribes (_Ang Seng Thor_ at [47]). In _Ang Seng Thor_ , the
total bribe was about S$205,000 which was less than 10% of the total bribes in
the present case. Third, the bribes in the present case took place on 80
occasions while in _Ang Seng Thor_ , there was a total of only four bribes.
Fourth, in _Ang Seng Thor_ the bribes were made to secure contracts for the
company and it was the company which directly benefitted from the contracts.
Here as a result of the corrupt scheme, the respondent benefitted directly. He
made a profit of at least S$2,389,322.47 (excluding allowances) for which he
made restitution of S$1,000,000 to IKANO. Admittedly, even in _Ang Seng Thor_
, Rajah JA considered that the accused stood to personally benefit from the
corruption because he was entitled to a maximum of 15% of a certain percentage
of the company’s net profit before tax (_Ang Seng Thor_ at [53]).
Nevertheless, I considered it to be a point of distinction that the benefit to
the respondent was more directly linked to the corrupt scheme than was the
case in _Ang Seng Thor_. Furthermore, the entire business of AT35 Services and
FRT resulted from the corrupt scheme. The respondent was in the waste
management business prior to the corrupt scheme. It was clear to me that but
for the corrupt scheme, he would not have been awarded the contract to provide
food supplies to IKANO. For these reasons, it was plain and obvious that the
respondent’s culpability could not therefore be any less than that in _Ang
Seng Thor_.

34 I also considered the following sentencing precedents in the context of
private sector corruption which were referred to me by the parties:

(a) _Public Prosecutor v Lim Niann Tsyr_ [2007] SGDC 38: The accused pleaded
guilty to two charges of corruptly accepting gratification. Four other charges
were taken into consideration for sentencing. The bribes received totaled
S$27,000 and US$96,000. The accused had received the bribes from contractors
in exchange for awarding part of the work for a project to construct a
research and development complex located at North Buona Vista Road which is
known as the “Biopolis”. The accused was the operations manager of one of the
sub-contractors involved in the project. The accused also faced one charge of
cheating. The District Judge sentenced the accused to three months’
imprisonment for one charge and six months’ imprisonment for the other charge.
In aggregate, he was sentenced to 10 months’ imprisonment (his sentence of
four months’ imprisonment for the cheating charge was ordered to run
consecutively with his sentence of six months’ imprisonment for one of the
corruption charges). The accused appealed against his sentence in Magistrate’s
Appeal No 10 of 2007. Rajah JA dismissed the appeal without issuing any
written grounds of decision.

(b) _Lim Teck Chye v Public Prosecutor_ [2004] 2 SLR(R) 525 (“ _Lim Teck Chye_
”): The accused _claimed trial_ to six charges of abetment by conspiracy to
corruptly pay gratification in contravention of s 6(b) read with s 29 of the
PCA. The bribes totaled S$6,300. The accused was a director of a company
supplying bunkers to vessels. He had provided gratification to marine
surveyors in relation to six bunkering transactions. Yong Pung How CJ upheld
the sentence of two months’ imprisonment per charge with the sentence on three
charges running consecutively (in aggregate, six months’ imprisonment) and a
fine of S$240,000. Yong CJ agreed with the District Judge that a custodial
sentence was warranted because the accused’s actions had adversely affected
public confidence in the independence of marine surveyors (_Lim Teck Chye_ at
[68]). There were also several aggravating factors (_Lim Teck Chye_ at [55],
[61] and [73]). The aggravating factors included the fact that the accused was
a senior executive and had not shown remorse (_Lim Teck Chye_ at [55]).

(c) _Kang Hwi Wah_ : The accused faced one charge of corruptly receiving
gratification in contravention of s 5(a)(i) of the PCA. The bribe was in the
amount of S$1,500,000. The accused received the bribe in exchange for
influencing the reduction of the sale price of a warehouse sold by a bank to a
joint venture in which the accused had an interest. The accused was acquitted
at the District Court but was convicted on appeal by Yong CJ. I have already
noted that the accused in this case received a sentence of 12 months’
imprisonment (see [32] above). I should add that the accused also received a
fine of S$100,000 and a penalty of S$1,500,000. Incidentally, the written
judgment of the High Court does not specifically deal with the issue of
sentencing. The sentence is noted in _Practitioners’ Library: Sentencing
Practice in the Subordinate Courts_ (LexisNexis, 2nd Ed, 2003) at p 820.

35 I should also refer to _Public Prosecutor v Eng Heng Chiaw_ [2005] SGDC 98
(_“Eng Heng Chiaw”_), a public sector corruption case referred to me by the
respondent’s counsel. In that case, the sentence for merely _offering_ a bribe
of $500,000 to an officer of the Defence Science and Technology Agency was
eight weeks’ imprisonment. The bribe was rejected. My view was that the
respondent in the present appeal was clearly more culpable than the accused in
_Eng Heng Chiaw_ for the reason that the bribe in _Eng Heng Chiaw_ was
actually rejected. In other words, the bribe did not in fact corrupt anyone.
In contrast, the bribes in the present appeal were paid and were paid over a
considerable period. It should be noted that the District Judge in _Eng Heng
Chiaw_ did not consider it to be relevant that the accused had only made an
offer because he considered that the offence was fully constituted by the
offer (see _Eng Heng Chiaw_ at [21]–[22]). While it is true that the offence
is constituted by the offer, in my view, it was relevant to consider the
culpability of the accused for the purpose of _sentencing_. All things being
equal, a person who merely makes an offer to gratify is less culpable than a
person who actually pays the gratification. The degree of public harm is also
greater in a situation where the gratification is actually paid as it would
have the effect of corrupting the receiver.

36 I also considered the mitigating factors raised by the respondent. As is
apparent from _Lim Teck Chye_ and _Kang Hwi Wah_ , the custodial sentences are
typically higher when the accused claimed trial. Here, I have noted that the
respondent pleaded guilty at an early stage. He also cooperated with the
authorities after he was placed under investigation. It was also relevant that
he made restitution _to the satisfaction of_ IKANO. I should emphasise that it
is not clear if the respondent’s payment of S$1,000,000 was _full_
restitution. The respondent reaped profits equivalent to the gratification
paid to Leng (this was because the corrupt scheme envisaged profits being
equally split three-ways between the respondent, Lim and Leng – see [5]
above). The respondent also drew a monthly allowance of S$2,000 from the
retained earnings. However, it is fair to say that these profits and
allowances were earned, at least in part, by the provision of food supplies by
AT35 Services and FRT. On the other hand, it may be said that the profits and
allowances were inextricably linked to the corrupt scheme because AT35
Services and FRT would not have obtained the deals to supply IKANO with food
supplies but for the corrupt scheme (see [33] above). What was clear to me,
however, was that IKANO was satisfied with the S$1,000,000 paid by the
respondent and had considered the payment as a full and final settlement of
its claims against the respondent (see [10] above). I considered this to be a
relevant mitigating factor.

37 As the sentence in _Ang Seng Thor_ was six weeks’ imprisonment per charge,
as a starting point, I considered that the sentence per charge in the present
case could not be less than six weeks’ imprisonment given my view that the
respondent was more culpable than the accused in _Ang Seng Thor_ (see [33]
above). I also took into account that the respondent faced a total of 12
charges. The respondent’s counsel accepted that it was not unfair for the
sentences of four of the charges to run consecutively. I agreed. I should note
that since the sentences for four of the charges would run consecutively, it
may well be the case that the individual sentences for each of the charges may
fall below the _prima facie_ benchmark. In _Public Prosecutor v AOM_ [2011] 2
SLR 1057, a case concerning rape, I found from an examination of the
sentencing precedents that where consecutive imprisonment sentences were
imposed, the individual imprisonment sentence for each charge of rape fell
below the _prima facie_ benchmark of 15 years’ imprisonment. I saw no reason
why this observation should not apply to offences under the PCA. After all,
the underlying sentencing principle in all cases is that the totality of the
sentence imposed must fit the overall gravity of the offences committed.

38 Having considered all the relevant sentencing precedents cited to me by the
parties and the relevant mitigating factors, I reached the view that an
appropriate sentence to impose per charge was 10 weeks’ imprisonment, with the
sentence for four charges to run consecutively and the remaining sentences to
run concurrently. I saw no reason to disturb the fines imposed below. In my
view, the total sentence of 40 weeks’ imprisonment with an aggregate fine of
$180,000 would adequately reflect the gravity of the offences committed by the
respondent.

39 It followed that the aggregate sentence of four months’ imprisonment
ordered below was manifestly inadequate. In any case, appellate intervention
was warranted on the ground that the District Judge had erred in his
appreciation of the material before him and in the proper factual matrix for
sentencing (see [26]–[30], above).

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 22 Aug 2011 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

