Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Ang Boon Chye and another _v_ Ang Tin Yong  
[2011] SGHC 124

Case Number| :| Suit No 803 of 2007/C (SUM No. 4499 of 2010/N)  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 20 May 2011  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Kan Ting Chiu J  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Mak Kok Weng (Mak & Partners) for the plaintiffs; Tan
Tiong Gee Andrew (Andrew Tan Tiong Gee & Co) for the defendant.  
Parties| :|  Ang Boon Chye and another — Ang Tin Yong  
  
20 May 2011|  
---|---  
  
Kan Ting Chiu J:

1 The matter under consideration is an application for leave to commence
committal proceedings under O 52 of the Rules of Court (Cap 322, R5, 2006 Rev
Ed).

2 The two plaintiffs and the defendant were partners operating a business
named “All Family Food Court” (“the business”). Disputes between them led to
the filing of an action by the plaintiffs for the defendant to indemnify them
against additional income tax imposed upon them in respect of their shares in
the business and an account and inquiry of transactions between them and the
defendant, and the payment to them of their rightful share of the profits of
the business. The defendant, on the other hand, counter-claimed for the
dissolution of the partnership.

3 The action came on for hearing before Justice Tan Lee Meng. In his judgment
dated 21 October 2008, Tan J ordered that an account be taken of all
transactions of the partnership for the period 1999 to 2004, and he dismissed
the counterclaim.

4 Subsequent to the judgment, the plaintiffs applied for an order that the
defendant, in particular, was to lodge the accounts for the partnership for
the period 1999 to 2004. The defendant was not prepared to do that. He opposed
the application, but an Assistant Registrar (“AR”) made an order on 1 December
2008 that he was to lodge the accounts by 2 April 2009. The defendant took his
objection further and appealed against the AR’s order, but his appeal was
dismissed by Justice Judith Prakash on 5 January 2009. Although the Order of
Court of 1 December 2008 was affirmed, the defendant did not lodge the
accounts.

The application

5 The plaintiffs decided to take committal proceedings against the defendant.
On 23 September 2010, the plaintiffs took the first step to apply for leave to
apply for an order of committal. The statement filed in compliance with O 52 r
2(2) referred to Tan J’s judgment, the Order of Court of 1 December 2008,
Prakash J’s order of 5 January 2009 and stated that the defendant had not
complied with the Order of Court of 1 December 2008. In the plaintiffs’ joint
affidavit filed in support of the application, they affirmed that the
defendant did not lodge the accounts by 2 April 2009 as ordered. Going by that
assertion, the defendant was _prima face_ in contempt of court.

6 Although r 2(2) prescribed that an application for leave was to be made _ex
parte_ , the plaintiffs notified the defendant of the application. The
defendant had filed an affidavit on 20 October 2010 to oppose the application
and his counsel was heard on the application.

The defendant’s affidavit

7 The defendant devoted a good part of his affidavit to the judgment and the
application, but inexplicably, he did not address the Order of Court of 1
December 2008, or explain his failure to comply with it. Instead, he deposed:

15.I submit that the Plaintiffs are coming to this in bad faith, when they
have each of them received a sum of $274,500.00 from their investment. If each
of them thinks that he is entitled to more than the amount received
$274,500.00 than it is for him to prove it in Court of Law but not through
this committal proceeding against me personally!

_Plaintiffs’ Agreement To Retire_

16.To this end, I wish to inform this Court on the 31st day of July 2009, the
1st and 2nd Plaintiffs had retired from the “All Family Food Court.” A Deed in
writing dated 8th August 2009 as evidenced of such a retirement is enclosed
herewith ... In consideration from retiring from the Partnership, each of the
Plaintiffs was to receive a sum of $150,000.00. It is interesting to note that
all the Partners are/were furnished with the Partnership’s Profit and Loss
Account as well as the Balance Sheet. Further, in consideration of the price
of $150,000.00, the Outgoing Partners (1st and 2nd Plaintiffs) assign to the
Continuing Partners (inclusive of the Defendant) all the share and interest of
the Outgoing Partners of and in the goodwill book debts and credits and all
property of or belonging to the Continuing Partners in equal shares.

17.This agreement in writing speak volume about the conduct of the 1st and 2nd
Plaintiffs in this proceedings. After they have been paid handsomely, they
still want “blood” from me and attempt to put me incarceration to deprive me
of my personal freedom. Committal to prison is normally a measure of last
resort!

18.I respectfully pray that the Plaintiffs’ application be dismissed with
costs.

8 In the deed the plaintiffs were described as “the Outgoing Partners” and the
defendant and two other persons as “the Continuing Partners”. The clauses
relevant to the present application are:

1.(a) The Outgoing Partners shall be deemed to have retired on the 31st day of
July 2009 (“the Succession Date”).

(b) The retirement of the Outgoing Partners shall not disolve [sic] the
partnership as between the Continuing Partners which partnership shall
continue from and after the Succession Date.

2.A balance sheet as at the Succession Date and a profit and loss account from
the date when the last partnership account was taken to the Succession Date
shall be prepared by the partnership as soon as reasonably possible after the
Succession Date.

3.Any undrawn balance of the Outgoing Partners’ share of the net profits of
the partnership for the period since the date when the last partnership
account was taken to the Succession Date including the apportionment of the
cash in the bank account, deposits held by Tuas Power, SP Services and HDB be
paid to the Outgoing Partners in accordance with their share in the
Partnership within seven (7) days upon receipt by the Partnership the balance
sheet and profit and loss account mentioned under paragraph 2 hereof.

4.In consideration of the price of SGD 150,000.00 to be paid to each of the
Outgoing Partners in the manner provided for in Clause 5 hereof the Outgoing
Partners hereby assign to the Continuing Partners all the share and interest
of the Outgoing Partners of and in the goodwill book debts and credits and all
property of or belonging to the parties hereto in connection with the
partnership to hold unto the Continuing Partners in equal shares.

The deed made no reference to the judgment of 21 October 2008 and the Order of
Court of 1 December 2008.

Review of the defendant’s objections

9 The defendant’s assertion that “all the Partners are/were furnished with the
Partnership’s Profits and Loss Account as well as the Balance Sheet” fell
short of saying that he had complied with the Order of Court of 1 December
2008 and had lodged the accounts of the partnership for the period 1999 to
2004 by 2 April 2009.

10 If the Order of Court had been complied with, that would be the first thing
for the defendant to assert, and all that he needed to do was to state that
clearly and simply and to substantiate that with proof. The defendant knew
that the plaintiffs’ case was that he had not complied with the Order of
Court. When he did not dispute that in his affidavit, he is deemed to admit
it.

11 I should add that even if the defendant had provided the accounts _after_ 2
April 2009 (he had not said that), he would not have complied fully with the
Order of Court of 1 December 2008, and he is liable to be found guilty of
contempt. Likewise, the plaintiffs’ retirement from the partnership on 31 July
2009 _per se_ did not release the defendant from his liability to provide the
accounts by 2 April 2009, and did not extinguish their right to take action
against him on his failure to comply.

Conclusion

12 The defendant should intervene and object to the plaintiffs’ application at
this preliminary stage only in exceptional circumstances such as:

(a) the Order of Court had been complied with;

(b) the plaintiffs waived their rights to the accounts;

(c) the plaintiffs had undertaken not to take out committal proceedings,

or on other grounds which go to the plaintiffs’ entitlement to apply for leave
to commence committal proceedings.

13 If the defendant’s position is that although he had not complied with the
Order of Court, his failure did not tantamount to contempt of court, then he
should hold back, and put forward his case at the second stage of the
proceedings when the plaintiffs apply for an order of committal against him.

14 In the circumstances, I found that the conditions for leave to institute
committal proceedings against the defendant had been satisfied, and the
defendant had not presented any grounds to withhold leave. I granted the
plaintiffs’ application but the defendant is not satisfied with my decision,
and has appealed against it.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 20 May 2011 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

