Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Healthcare Supply Chain (Pte) Ltd _v_ Roche Diagnostics Asia Pacific Pte
Ltd  
[2011] SGHC 63

Case Number| :| Originating Summons No 963 of 2010  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 24 March 2011  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Choo Han Teck J  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Govintharasah s/o Ramanathan and George John (Gurbani &
Co) for the applicant; Tan Heng Thye and Lim Tat (CSP Legal LLC) for the
respondent.  
Parties| :|  Healthcare Supply Chain (Pte) Ltd — Roche Diagnostics Asia
Pacific Pte Ltd  
  
24 March 2011| Judgment reserved.  
---|---  
  
Choo Han Teck J:

1 This was an application by the applicant Healthcare Supply Chain (Pte) Ltd
(“HSC”) under s 49(1) of the Arbitration Act (Cap 10, 2002 Rev Ed) for leave
to appeal to the High Court on a point of law arising from an arbitration
award dated 24 August 2010. The respondent in the arbitration, Roche
Diagnostics Asia Pacific Pte Ltd (“RDAP”), was also the respondent in this
application. The arbitrators were Chelva Rajah SC, Vinodh Coomaraswamy SC, and
Jaya Prakash. The tribunal’s award was delivered by a majority decision. Jaya
Prakash delivered a dissenting opinion in the award. The subject matter of the
arbitration concerned a distribution agreement dated 16 August 2001 (“the
Agreement”) between HSC and RDAP in which RDAP granted distribution rights of
its diagnostics products to HSC for a period of five years with an option of
renewing for another five. By a letter dated 2 September 2005, RDAP gave HSC
six months’ notice that it was exercising the right under Art 18.1 of the
Agreement to terminate the Agreement upon notice and without cause. HSC
claimed that the termination was a breach of the Agreement. This became a
dispute that was duly referred to arbitration. HSC claimed that RDAP had
exercised its rights under Art 18.1 prematurely even though Art 1.2 of the
Agreement provided that:

This AGREEMENT shall be effective as of 1 January 2002 or such other later
date as may be agreed in writing by the parties (which in no event shall be
later than 28 February 2002) for a period of five years and thereafter it
shall be renewable for such extended periods and upon such terms and
conditions to be agreed. Provided that the Parties may terminate this
AGREEMENT in accordance with Art 18.

Article 18.1 reads as follows:

Either party may terminate this AGREEMENT by giving 6 months written notice to
the other party.

HSC contended that RDAP was not entitled to terminate under Art 18.1 for the
initial five years of the Agreement. It contended that this would be the true
intention of the parties if one were to examine the context which led to the
Agreement. Article 18.2 was not relevant as it provided for a termination of
the Agreement under specific circumstances that did not apply in the event.
The first ground of this application concerned the interpretation of Art 18.1,
namely whether it would not be exercised during the first five years of the
contract. The second ground was based on the refusal by the majority
arbitrators to allow HSC’s application to rectify the Agreement. From these
two broad grounds HSC’s counsel, Govintharasah, stated five questions of law
for the determination of the High Court. The five questions were:

Question 1: Whether as a matter of construction, the [Agreement] was for an
initial fixed term of 5 years which could not be terminated by either party
pursuant to Article 18.1 thereof until after the expiry of the initial fixed
term, unless there was a material unremedied breach of the Agreement by the
party in breach as provided for in Article 18 or the occurrence of any of the
other events.

Question 2: Alternatively, whether the wording of Article 18 of the
[Agreement] should be rectified to give effect to the common understanding and
intention of the parties that the [Agreement] is for a fixed initial term of 5
years, not terminable during that period, except for material unremedied
breach of the Agreement or the occurrence of any of the other events provided
for in Article 18.

Question 3: Did the failure of the Respondent to produce Gerald Lee as a
witness or make him available for cross-examination coupled with the
Respondent’s refusal/failure to disclose material documents ordered to be
disclosed by the Tribunal, in particular Gerald Lee’s/the Respondent’s
communications with their office pertaining to the initial fixed term of the
[Agreement], constitute circumstances warranting adverse inference to be drawn
by the Tribunal against the Respondent on the construction of the [Agreement].

Question 4: Whether Article 20.1 of the [Agreement] had the effect of
embodying the entire Agreement of the parties in the [Agreement] and if so,
whether extrinsic evidence of the context is inadmissible for the purpose of
construing the Agreement.

Question 5:

(i)Whether the Respondent’s Notice of Termination of the [Agreement] dated 2nd
September 2005 was wrongful in that it was not a 6-month notice of
termination, but a notice of termination having immediate effect, in breach of
the [Agreement].

(ii)Whether the burden of proof on the party claiming rectification of a
contract is one of balance of probabilities or the test of “convincing proof”
as adopted by the Majority Award?

2 Before me, counsel for HSC submitted that the true intention of the parties
was that Art 18.1 of the Agreement could only be exercised after the first
five years from the signing of the Agreement had elapsed. It will be helpful
at this stage to introduce the background leading to the Agreement. It all
began on Valentines’ Day, 14 February 2000 when YCH Group Pte Ltd (“YCH”), the
holding company of HSC signed a Memorandum of Understanding (the “MOU”) with
RDAP. YCH had been providing warehousing and logistics services to RDAP, which
was a wholly owned company of Roche Pharmaholdings BV, incorporated in the
Netherlands. The Roche Group’s diagnostics division, of which RDAP was a
member, carried on the business of manufacturing and distributing medical
diagnostics equipment. RDAP had an existing distributor, referred to as
Zuellig Pharmaceuticals. The MOU contemplated a project between YCH and RDAP
to develop a computerized system (known as the “Intrabutor”) that would enable
RDAP to manage its “core functions of procurement, replenishing inventory and
distribution of RDAP’s products, including logistics”. The result of this
meant that “RDAP would not need to rely on a dedicated product distributor as
RDAP would be able to access, operate and manage the computerized system
themselves with end customers having direct access to the system to place
their orders online with RDAP”. That project under the MOU was successfully
implemented, and that enabled RDAP to terminate its distributorship agreement
with Zuellig Pharmaceuticals. It left RDAP with the task of collecting,
storing and delivering the products to their customers. By agreement with YCH,
HSC was thus made the company to take care of that for RDAP and consequently,
the Agreement was signed.

3 Yap Ai Cheng, the Executive Director of HSC stated in her affidavit in
support of HSC’s application for leave to appeal that —

[f]rom the inception, it was understood and agreed between YCH and RDAP that
the project to develop the Intrabutor required a long term commitment by the
parties, by reason of the substantial investment required to develop the
system.

It was in this context that Govintharasah submitted that Art 18.1 could only
be invoked after the fixed initial term of five years had lapsed, that is to
say, after the Agreement had been renewed at the end of the first five years.
The only basis for saying this was Yap Ai Cheng’s affidavit declaring that YCH
and RDAP had made substantial investment into the Intrabutor project, implying
that the resulting agreement between HSC and RDAP should run for at least five
years before either party could invoke Art 18.1.

4 Govintharasah in his oral submission might have oversimplified his case by
stating that the point of law concerned the divergent interpretations by the
majority and minority arbitrators on the application of the parol evidence law
after _Zurich Insurance (Singapore) Pte Ltd v B-Gold Interior Design &
Construction Pte Ltd_ [2008] 3 SLR 1029. He said that the majority had
erroneously stated that “the starting point must be the ordinary and plain
meaning approach before embarking on the purposive approach”. He submitted
that that was “wrong because by virtue of [_Zurich_] all agreements are to be
interpreted by adopting the purposive approach”, which counsel suggested, was
the minority approach. I think that it may be preferable to leave the phrase
“purposive approach” to statutory interpretation. In _Zurich_ , the phrase
used was “contextual approach”. With regards to statutory interpretation, s 9A
of the Interpretation Act (Cap 1, 2002 Rev Ed), specifically allows for the
consideration of pre-enactment parliamentary debates in the interpretation of
a statute; but in commercial law, there is a statutory provision in the form
of s 93 of the Evidence Act (Cap 97, 1997 Rev Ed), specifically prohibiting
the use of pre-contractual evidence in the construction of a contract. Section
93 provides as follows:

When the terms of a contract or of a grant or of any other disposition of
property have been reduced by or by consent of the parties to the form of a
document, and in all cases in which any matter is required by law to be
reduced to the form of a document, no evidence shall be given in proof of the
terms of such contract, grant or other disposition of property or of such
matter except the document itself, or secondary evidence of its contents in
cases in which secondary evidence is admissible under the provisions of this
Act.

The operative words are —

When the terms of a contract or of a grant or of any other disposition of
property have been reduced by or by consent of the parties to the form of a
document ... no evidence shall be given in proof of the terms of such contract
... except the document itself

Section 94 provides that when a document such as that referred to in s 93 has
been proved, “no evidence of any oral agreement or statement shall be admitted
as between the parties to any such instrument or their representatives in
interest for the purpose of contradicting, varying, adding to, or subtracting
from its terms”. Section 94 thus reinforces s 93 although it allows for six
exceptions in the form of the provisions found in subsections (a) to (f) of s
94. It will be seen that these are exceptions to the dominant rule in s 93 and
reading them in the context of ss 93 and 94 indicates that they were meant to
admit exceptions to the parol evidence rule in s 93 so long as the written
document represents the existing contract, and that the exceptions were not
meant to admit extrinsic evidence “for the purpose of contradicting, varying,
adding to, or subtracting from its terms”.

5 The application of the dominant rule in ss 93 and 94 was in fact applied by
_Zurich_ and constitutes the _ratio decidendi_ of that case. The relevant
facts in _Zurich_ were that B-Gold was instructed by MediaCorp (under a term
contract) to carry out construction work on the ceiling of an air-conditioning
room on the fourth floor of the building. A fire was negligently started by
B-Gold’s sub-contractors, and water that was used to put out the fire cascaded
down the four floors of that building causing damage. MediaCorp was given
judgment against B-Gold. B-Gold sued its insurers - Zurich Insurers - for an
indemnity under the insurance. Zurich’s liability depended on whether the
damage four floors below the actual place of work was covered under the
policy. The works covered under the policy were excluded by a special
exclusion clause to Section II of the policy thereby expressly excluded the
premises below the ceiling (where the work took place) from the policy, which
meant that if Section II applied, B-Gold’s claim against Zurich Insurers could
not succeed. The Court of Appeal held that the High Court was wrong to have
held that Section II did not apply because the High Court had taken extrinsic
evidence (including the main contract between Mediacorp and B-Gold) into
account when it ruled that the parties must have intended that the damage in
that case was to be covered by the policy. The Court of Appeal held at [134]
that by taking extrinsic evidence into account, the High Court “strayed far
into the realm of varying a contract in contravention of s 94.”

6 The Court of Appeal in _Zurich_ then considered exception (f) to s 94 which
reads: “any fact may be proved which shows in what manner the language of a
document is related to existing facts”. The Court of Appeal in important
_obiter dicta_ examined the relationship between the dominant rule in ss 93
and 94 and the exception in 94(f). In the preface to its discussion of s 94(f)
the Court at [106] referred to its judgment in _Sandar Aung v Parkway
Hospitals Singapore Pte Ltd_ [2007] 2 SLR (R) 891 in which it held at [29]:

It is clear that, at common law, it has always been open to the court to have
recourse to extrinsic material where such material would aid in establishing
the factual matrix which would (in turn) assist the court in construing the
contract in question. This assumes, of course, that the reference to such
material would not result in the contravention of the parol evidence rule
which is statutorily embedded within ss 93 and 94 of the Evidence Act.

Contrary to counsel’s submission, the Court of Appeal in _Zurich_ did not hold
that the contextual approach was to be the primary rule in the construction of
a contract in that one begins the construction of a contract by reference to
it, and through it enter an expressway into extrinsic evidence not ordinarily
permissible in the construction of a written contract, especially one that
appears complete on the face of it. The minority arbitrator in the present
case disagreed with the majority because he perceived the majority approach as
being “unduly technical and limiting, if not mistaken”. He was of the view (at
[29] of the Dissenting Opinion) that —

[T]he interpretative exercise considers the plain meaning in context to
determine if the context makes it ambiguous or absurd. Ambiguity or absurdity
[is] not considered first, divorced from context. Accordingly, the approach
that I take in this opinion, juxtaposes the plain meaning against the context.

The Court of Appeal in _Sandar Aung_ had stated however that —

29...if the plain language of the contract appears otherwise clear, the
construction consequently placed on such language should not be inconsistent
with the context in which the contract was entered into if this context is
clear or even obvious, since the context and circumstances in which the
contract was made would reflect the intention of the parties when they entered
into the contract and utilised the (contractual) language they did. It might
well be the case that if a particular construction placed on the language in a
given contract is inconsistent with what is obvious in the context in which
the contract was made, then that construction might not be as clear as
initially thought and might, on the contrary, be evidence of an ambiguity.

In my view, the Court of Appeal clearly could not be saying that if the plain
language of a contract is clear one should start looking for extrinsic
evidence – which might result in rendering the clear language unclear.
Contrary to counsel’s submissions, Art 18.1 had neither an obvious nor latent
ambiguity to justify an examination of extrinsic evidence. Sometimes when a
document appears clear, it might actually be clear with nothing obscure or
ambiguous about it. As Sigmund Freud the psychoanalyst and interpreter of
dreams was reputed to have said, “sometimes a cigar is just a cigar.”

The Court of Appeal in _Zurich_ at [132] summarised its approach in the
grounds of its judgment as follows:

(a)A court should take into account the essence and attributes of the document
being examined. The court’s treatment of extrinsic evidence at various stages
of the analytical process may differ depending on the nature of the document.
In general, the court ought to be more reluctant to allow extrinsic evidence
to affect standard form contracts and commercial documents (see [110] above)

(b)If the court is satisfied that the parties intended to embody their entire
agreement in a written contract, no extrinsic evidence is admissible to
contradict, vary, add to, or subtract from its terms (see ss 93-94 of the
Evidence Act). In determining whether the parties so intended, our courts may
look at extrinsic evidence and apply the normal objective test, subject to a
rebuttable presumption that a contract which is complete on its face was
intended to contain all the terms of the parties’ agreement (see [40] above).
In other words, where a contract is complete on its face, the language of the
contract constitutes _prima facie_ proof of the parties’ intentions.

(c)Extrinsic evidence is admissible under proviso (_f_) to s 94 to aid in the
interpretation of the written words. Our courts now adopt, via this proviso,
the modern contextual approach to interpretation, in line with the
developments in England in this area of the law to date. Crucially, ambiguity
is not a prerequisite for the admissibility of extrinsic evidence under
proviso (_f_) to s 94 (see [114]-[120] above).

(d)The extrinsic evidence in question is admissible so long as it is relevant,
reasonably available to all the contracting parties and relates to a clear or
obvious context (see [125] and [128]-[129] above). However, the principle of
objectively ascertaining contractual intention(s) remains paramount. Thus, the
extrinsic evidence must always go towards proof of what the parties, from an
objective viewpoint, ultimately agreed upon. Further, where extrinsic evidence
in the form of prior negotiations and subsequent conduct is concerned, we find
the views expressed in McMeel’s article ([62] _supra_) and Nicholls’ article
([62] _supra_) persuasive. For this reason, there should be no absolute or
rigid prohibition against evidence of previous negotiations or subsequent
conduct, although, in the normal case, such evidence is likely to be
inadmissible for non-compliance with the requirements set out at [125] and
[128]-[129] above. (We should add that the relevance of subsequent conduct
remains a controversial and evolving topic that will require more extensive
scrutiny by this court at a more appropriate juncture.) Declarations of
subjective intent remain inadmissible except for the purpose of giving meaning
to terms which have been determined to be latently ambiguous (see [5] above;
see also sub-para (e) below).

(e)In some cases, the extrinsic evidence in question leads to possible
alternative interpretations of the written words (ie, the court determines
that latent ambiguity exists). A court may give effect to these alternative
interpretations, always bearing in mind s 94 of the Evidence Act. In arriving
at the ultimate interpretation of the words to be construed, the court may
take into account subjective declarations of intent (see [50] above).
Furthermore, the normal canons of interpretation apply in conjunction with the
relevant provisions of the Evidence Act ie, ss 95-100 (see [75]-[80] and [131]
above).

(f)A court should always be careful to ensure that extrinsic evidence is used
to explain and illuminate the written words, and not to contradict or vary
them. Where the court concludes that the parties have used the wrong words,
rectification may be a more appropriate remedy (see [123] above).

7 Govintharasah’s written submissions presented a slight, but significant,
variation to his oral submission. In the written submission it was argued that
the majority arbitrators misapplied the law in _Zurich_. Counsel conceded that
although the arbitrators allowed extrinsic evidence by HSC to be considered,
the majority award was obviously wrong. Counsel stated that —

Having admitted extrinsic evidence by adopting the _Zurich_ principles for the
purpose of interpreting the [Agreement], the Tribunal ignored the evidence
which clearly pointed to the fact that parties wish to commit to a commercial
relationship for a minimum period of 5 years.

Counsel submitted that the majority and the minority arbitrators had divergent
views as to how _Zurich_ was to apply. He argued that the majority was wrong
to have made “a preliminary finding that [HSC] are relying on subjective
intention which [the majority] say [was] prohibited by the _Zurich_
guidelines.” Counsel stated that [in] contrast, the Dissenting Opinion made
reference to the common intention and understanding of the parties that the
[Agreement] was for an initial fixed duration of 5 years.

8 I agree with Tan Heng Thye, counsel for RDAP, and am of the view that on
HSC’s case as presented, the application on this ground cannot succeed.
Section 49(1) of the Arbitration Act only permits an appeal against an
arbitration award on a point of law. Insofar as HSC’s application was based on
what it considered to be a misreading of the contract as a result of applying
_Zurich_ , that was not an error of law but an error in the application of the
law, which is not subject to appeal under s 49. The majority were entitled to
find that the words of the Agreement were clear and unambiguous, and further,
that HSC’s interpretation of the contract was its subjective intention and did
not reflect the objective common intention of the parties. In this regard, it
was neither necessary nor relevant whether the majority or the minority
decision was correct on the merits. The questions of law that HSC as an
applicant under s 49(6) had stated were not questions of law, they were just
questions as to the correct construction of the contract. I need only point
out that I agree that the words of Art 1 as well as Art 18 were clear and
unambiguous. There was no need to require extrinsic evidence to interpret Art
18.1. It was not necessary for me in this case to consider at length to Lord
Hoffman’s judgment in _Investor Compensation Scheme Ltd v West Bromwich
Building Society_ [1998] 1 WLR 896 (which represents the modern approach to
interpretation of contracts, and from which much of the _Zurich dicta_ drew
its breath) because neither the English common law nor Lord Hoffman was
encumbered by statutory provisions similar to ss 93 and 94. _Zurich_ ,
however, did not hold that it would be obligatory for the court in all cases
of contractual interpretation to refer to extrinsic evidence in order to
understand the context in which the contract was made. Often, the terms of a
written contract might be so straightforward and clear that nothing else would
be required to understand the intention of the parties; and sometimes, the
context might easily be appreciated from the contract document itself.
_Zurich_ did not hold that the construction of a written contract, in all
cases, begins with the contextual approach as counsel submitted. Reason and
logic militate against such a view as I will now elaborate. The more
restrictive view of s 94(f) espoused by the Court of Appeal in 1997 in
_Citicorp Investment Bank (Singapore) Ltd v Wee Ah Kee_ [1997] 2 SLR(R) 1
might no longer be followed after _Zurich_ insofar as the latter has now
allowed reference to extrinsic evidence in some situations in order to
understand the context of the contract even though the contractual language
was clear and unambiguous. The thrust of the _Zurich dicta_ was to give the
court flexibility in examining extrinsic evidence in such circumstances. It
was not a directive that all contractual interpretation begins with an
examination of extrinsic evidence. It is in this context that paragraph 130 of
the _Zurich_ judgment should be read:

...ambiguity is no longer a prerequisite for the court’s consideration of
extrinsic material (see [114] above); thus, neither is absurdity or the
existence of an alternative technical meaning. Instead, the court will _first_
take into account the plain language of the contract together with relevant
extrinsic material which is evidence of its context. _Then, if, in the light
of this context_ , the plain language of the contract becomes ambiguous (_ie_
, it takes on another plausible meaning) or absurd, the court will be entitled
to put on the contractual term in question an interpretation which is
different from that demanded by its plain language. This is in fact merely
making explicit the role of extrinsic evidence, which was previously
obfuscated under the traditional approach (see [52] above). [emphasis
original]

Questions may remain regarding the full and proper reconciliation between what
the _Zurich_ Court said about s 94 and s 94(f) – between interpretation and
variation. A case might arise in which those questions might be pursued – but
this is not it. _Zurich_ had slackened the chains on contractual
interpretation but s 94(f) is still tethered to s 94.

9 Without commenting on the merits of the dissenting opinion, it may be
relevant to mention, for completeness, that the majority decision appeared to
have taken all the evidence save for those that HSC had wanted to adduce
through Gerard Lee, a point considered by the majority in paragraphs 9.5.6 to
9.5.8 of the Award, and they gave their reasons why Gerard Lee’s evidence was
largely irrelevant since he did not testify. The majority arbitrators had
allowed far more extrinsic evidence then was necessary in the circumstances.
They accepted RDAP’s explanation that the decision to enter into the contract
was taken at the “local level” and correspondence with its headquarters was
irrelevant. They also thought that the failure to call Gerard Lee was not
material and explained so. On the face of the Agreement and on the extrinsic
evidence adduced, it did not seem that the majority view was wrong. Article
18.1 was a simple term. So was Art 1.2. Reading them together, the inference
seemed to be that Art 18.1 might be invoked at any time by either party.
Further, if the Agreement was not renewed, the position advocated by HSC would
have meant that Art 18.1 could never be invoked at all, making it redundant.
It would be astonishing that the parties would have intended, whatever the
context, to render such a perfectly clear and unambiguous term perfectly
useless. Had the parties renewed the Agreement after five years on the same
terms, Art 1.2 and Art 18.1 would have retained the meaning they express then
must be the same as when they were first executed. However, Art 1.2 provided
that a renewal may not necessarily be on the same terms. Hence, Art 18.1 must
be for use in the first five years. Further, from Yap Ai Cheng’s affidavit, it
appears that any understanding for a long term relationship with RDAP did not
involve HSC but YCH. The proposal on Valentine’s Day in 2000 was one made by
YCH. HSC was a different suitor, presenting a different proposal, under
different circumstances.

10 I should now address HSC’s point of law regarding the burden of proof
needed to satisfy a claim for a rectification of contract. This arose from
HSC’s failed attempt to have the Agreement rectified such that it would
reflect that Art 18.1 cannot be invoked before five years was up. Counsel
objected to the use of the phrase “convincing proof” by the majority
arbitrators and argued that the threshold was a much lower one than that. In
my view, the majority’s statement was a fair description of what HSC needed to
do to have the contract rectified. It was for good reasons that this principle
on rectification remained in _Chitty on Contracts_ Vol 1 (Sweet & Maxwell,
30th Ed, 2008) at [5-122]. A party seeking to rectify a contract is bound to
show that the error or omission was clear and obvious. HSC produced no
evidence that would have assisted the arbitrators in considering its
application for rectification. Before me, counsel submitted that if extrinsic
evidence were allowed, the arbitrators would have appreciated that there was
to be a long term relationship and the termination clause would have been
interpreted the way HSC believed it ought. As a footnote, YCH might wish to
reflect on why it did not sue RDAP. The long term relationship in question did
not involve HSC which was incorporated only in March 2001 solely for the
purpose of becoming the distributor for RDAP. By that time, YCH, which had
been a long-time business associate of RDAP, had already concluded its MOU
with RDAP and the project therein described had already ended or was nearing
its end.

11 For the reasons above, I am of the view that the application must fail and
I so dismiss the application for leave to appeal. I shall hear the question of
costs at a later date if parties are unable to agree as to costs.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 24 Mar 2011 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

