Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Walton International Group (Singapore) Pte Ltd _v_ Loh Pui-Pui Sharon  
[2011] SGHC 145

Case Number| :| Suit No 470 of 2008  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 03 June 2011  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Tan Lee Meng J  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Indranee Rajah SC, Daniel Soo, Alex Toh and Angeline Tan
(Drew & Napier LLC) for the plaintiff; Tan Chee Meng SC, Melanie Ho, Chen
Xinping, Megan Tay and Clement Tan (WongPartnership LLP) for the defendant.  
Parties| :|  Walton International Group (Singapore) Pte Ltd — Loh Pui-Pui
Sharon  
  
3 June 2011| Judgment reserved.  
---|---  
  
Tan Lee Meng J:

Introduction

1 The plaintiff, Walton International Group (Singapore) Pte Ltd (“the
company”), terminated the employment of the defendant, Ms Sharon Loh Pui-Pui
(“Ms Loh”), its former Vice-President, Sales, on 29 May 2008 and sued her for
breach of her employment contract, breach of fiduciary duty owed to the
company and unlawful interference with its trade. Ms Loh denied having
breached her employment contract or her fiduciary duty to the company. She
also denied having unlawfully interfered with the company’s trade and
counterclaimed for damages for wrongful dismissal.

Background

2 On 1 November 2005, Ms Loh was employed by the company, which is a part of
the Walton group of companies. The company’s primary business is the sale of
Walton’s landbanking products. As Vice-President, Sales, Ms Loh was in charge
of more than 500 staff in the retail sales division. Under her charge, the
company’s retail sales in Singapore improved steadily despite problems within
the company. In 2007, she was paid more than $1.5 million by the company.

3 On 29 May 2008, the company summarily dismissed Ms Loh. On 30 June 2008, Ms
Loh’s then solicitors, M/s Alban Tay Mahtani & de Silva LLP (“ATMD”), wrote to
the company’s solicitors, and asserted that her employment had been wrongfully
terminated. ATMD demanded that the company pay Ms Loh the following:

(a)

One month’s base salary until 30 June 2008;

(b)

Basic Management Override (1% of Singapore sales) until 20 June 2008; and

(c)

Bonus Management Override (0.65% of Singapore sales) until 30 June 2008.

4 After receiving ATMD’s letter of demand, the company, which refused to pay
Ms Loh the amount claimed, instituted proceedings against her and sought to
claim back the salary, overrides and management bonuses paid to her from the
date she allegedly breached her employment contract at the end of January 2008
to the time she was dismissed on 29 May 2008.

5 To understand why Ms Loh’s employment was abruptly terminated, reference may
be made to another suit, namely Suit No 333 of 2008 (“Suit No 333”), by the
Walton group of companies against two of its former senior executives, Mr
Winston Yau (“Mr Yau”), and Mr James Iseli (“Mr Iseli”). In that suit, the
Walton group accused Mr Yau, formerly one of its top officers in Singapore,
and Mr Iseli, a former senior sales staff in Walton Malaysia, of, _inter alia_
, conspiring to create fear and uncertainty among the Walton group’s employees
in Singapore and Malaysia by fuelling rumours that the majority of them would
soon be made redundant as a result of the group’s alleged “corporatisation”
business strategy. The defendants in that suit were also accused of soliciting
the staff of the company and Walton Malaysia, malicious falsehood, interfering
with the trade of the Walton group and defaming the group as well as its
president and chief executive officer, Mr William Kevin Doherty (“Mr
Doherty”).

6 In Suit No 333, Ms Loh was accused of furthering the intentions of Mr Yau
and Mr Iseli and acting against the company’s interests. However, it is
noteworthy that she was not a defendant in that suit.

7 According to Ms Loh, the proceedings in the present suit were a pre-emptive
move to discourage her from giving evidence in favour of Mr Yau and Mr Iseli
in Suit No 333. Her counsel, Mr Tan Chee Meng SC (“Mr Tan”), asserted that the
company’s suit against her was “nothing more than a vindictive, oppressive and
vexatious attempt to pre-empt the possibility that [Ms Loh] would sue [the
company] for sums due to [her] under the terms of her contract of employment,
after [she] fired the first salvo by sending a letter of demand dated 30 June
2008”. He added that the company’s bullying tactics included a failed attempt
to consolidate the present action with Suit No 333 to make the proceedings as
painful and expensive as possible for Ms Loh, who had merely claimed around
US$159,717.25 from the company. He also questioned why the company sued his
client when Mr Gerald Thomas Foo Tiang Boo (“Mr Foo”), its managing director
at the material time and the present chairman of Walton Asia, testified that
the company had suffered no loss even if she had breached her employment
contract.[note: 1]

Whether the company was entitled to dismiss Ms Loh summarily

8 The right of the company to recover the amount claimed from Ms Loh in these
proceedings depends on whether it was entitled to dismiss her summarily on 29
May 2008.

9 In _Cowie Edward Bruce v Berger International Pte Ltd_ [1999] 1 SLR(R) 739,
Warren Khoo J explained at [39]-[40] the right of an employer to summarily
dismiss an employee in the following helpful terms:

In each case, it is a matter of degree whether the act complained of is of the
requisite gravity. It has been said that it must be so serious that it strikes
at the root of the contract of employment, that it destroys the confidence
underlying such a contract: _Jackson v Invicta Plastics_ Ltd [1987] BCLC 329
at 344, _per_ Peter Pain J.

The relevancy and effect of any misdeed complained of must, it seems to me, be
judged by reference to its effect on the employer-employee relationship. It
also seems to me that in judging the relevancy and effect of the acts
complained of, account must be taken of the habits and attitude of the
employer at the relevant time. They cannot be judged totally in a vacuum.

10 The reasons pleaded in the present proceedings to justify the summary
dismissal of Ms Loh were not the reasons given to her when she was summarily
dismissed on 29 May 2008 at a meeting with Walton Asia’s chief operating
officer, Mr Kent Britton (“Mr Britton”), and Mr Foo, who was Ms Loh’s boss.
This is not fatal to the company’s case for in _Taylor v Oakes, Roncoroni &
Co_ (1922) 127 LT 267 at 269, Greer J explained:

It is a long established rule of law that a contracting party, who, after he
has become entitled to refuse performance of his contractual obligations,
gives a wrong reason for his refusal, does not thereby deprive himself of a
justification which in fact existed, whether he was aware of it or not.

11 Although Mr Britton hummed and hawed about the reasons for dismissing Ms
Loh, the contemporary notes taken by the company’s key personnel at the
meeting showed that she had been sacked for not providing information to the
company about who was conspiring against it. Mr Foo’s own notes of the meeting
were as follows:

[Mr Britton] said, “I have no other choice. You have no information to offer
the company. We have to move to _terminate_ you with cause _on that basis_.
Any questions?”

[emphasis added]

12 The following notes prepared by the company’s legal counsel, Mr Jason Toh,
corroborated Mr Foo’s notes:

[Mr Britton]: |  _You have no information to offer_. We have to move to terminate you with cause _on this basis_. Any questions?  
---|---  
Sharon: |  Termination with a reason?  
[Mr Britton]: |  Yes, misconduct and insubordination.  
[emphasis added]  
  
  

13 When Mr Britton told Ms Loh that he was sacking her for misconduct and
insubordination, it is more likely than not that he was referring to her
misconduct in not offering information to him and her insubordination towards
him when she insisted that she had no information about the alleged misdeeds
of Mr Yau. After all, other forms of misconduct and insubordination were not
mentioned at the said meeting. More importantly, although Mr Foo initially
toed the company line that Ms Loh had been sacked for the reasons pleaded in
the Statement of Claim, he finally conceded that it was quite clear from his
e-mail to Mr Doherty on 29 May 2008 concerning the sacking of Ms Loh that she
had been sacked because she could not offer useful information to the
company.[note: 2]

14 Ms Loh’s alleged failure to furnish useful information to the company was
pleaded in the Statement of Claim as follows:

75The Defendant was under an Implied Duty of Obedience, to answer questions
and provide assistance to the Plaintiff upon the Plaintiff’s lawful and
reasonable orders.

76The Defendant refused to disclose information to the Plaintiff when asked on
the following occasions:-

a)On 30 April 2008, Kent Britton, Gerald Foo and Mike Starvis asked the
Defendant to tell them of any information that she had regarding the said
meetings. The Defendant denied that she had any information and refused to
disclose any information; and

a)On 29 May 2008, the Defendant further refused to provide the Plaintiff with
any information that could help the Plaintiff protect itself when asked by
Kent Britton, Gerald Foo and the Plaintiff’s General Counsel.

77By reason of the aforesaid, the Defendant was in breach of the 2008
Employment Contract.

15 Ms Loh asserted that she had no information to offer about Mr Yau’s alleged
wrongdoing because the company’s allegations against the latter were untrue.
As I found in Suit No 333 that the Walton group failed to prove that Mr Yau
and Mr Iseli committed the alleged unlawful acts against it, it follows that
Ms Loh cannot be guilty of refusing to assist the Walton group by giving
information of the allegedly unlawful acts. In any case, Mr Britton made the
following damning admission about the propriety of summarily dismissing Ms Loh
on the ground that she had no information to offer the company when he was
cross-examined: [note: 3]

QBoth Gerald Foo and Jason Toh had recorded the fact that [Sharon] was
terminated because she had no information to offer the company. _Is that a
good basis, in your view as COO, to terminate your number one sales employee?_

A _No_.

[emphasis added]

New reasons for dismissing Ms Loh

16 The company, which had plenty of time to reflect on other grounds to
justify the summary dismissal of Ms Loh, now claimed that she breached her
contract and her fiduciary duty to the company and unlawfully interfered with
its trade. In its Opening Statement, the company alleged (at para 15) that Ms
Loh’s breaches arose from the following:

(i)Her presence at a Lei Garden Lunch with Winston and other Division Managers
(“DMs”) of Walton on 27 January 2008 and at a Tung Luk Seafood Restaurant
dinner (the “lunch and dinner meetings”) with the same persons on 29 January
2008;

(ii)The presentation by Mr Stephen Huggins regarding TSI International Group
Inc, a rival land banking company in Kuala Lumpur on 28 April 2008 (the “TSI
presentation”);

(iii)Her refusal to assist it with its investigations and her lies to it;

(iv)Her conversation with her subordinate, Mr Vittorio Joosten (“Mr Joosten”)
in January 2008, during which she allegedly discouraged him from accepting a
promotion.

The lunch and dinner meetings on 27 and 29 January 2008

17 The company alleged that on Mr Yau’s instructions, Ms Loh organised a lunch
on 27 January 2008 for its top DMs to meet him so that he could induce them to
leave the company and join him in his new business venture. It claimed that
the dinner meeting on 29 January 2008 was also arranged by Ms Loh to achieve
Mr Yau’s diabolical aim.

18 The purpose of the lunch and dinner meetings was canvassed at length in
Suit No 333. In that case, I held that the plaintiffs’ allegation that Mr Yau
solicited the company’s DMs at the lunch and dinner meetings to resign from
the company was not proven. The evidence was that the lunch was a birthday
celebration for Mr Yau and that he had encouraged the company’s DMs to work
hard for Walton Singapore at the lunch and dinner meetings. As such, Ms Loh’s
presence at the lunch and dinner meetings with Mr Yau could not be a breach of
her employment contract and need not be further considered.

The TSI presentation in Kuala Lumpur

19 As for Ms Loh’s presence at the Hotel Equatorial in Kuala Lumpur when the
TSI presentation was made, it was not established to my satisfaction that she
had attended the TSI presentation. In Suit No 333, I found that the allegation
that Mr Yau and Mr Iseli had solicited Walton Malaysia’s staff to cross over
to TSI at the said presentation was not proven. I also found that Walton
Malaysia’s staff regularly attended product presentations by rival companies
to get a feel of the competitors’ products and that the TSI presentation was
an ordinary product presentation, at which no Walton Malaysia staff was
offered any position by TSI. In these circumstances, Ms Loh’s presence at the
Hotel Equatorial in Kuala Lumpur at the time of the TSI presentation cannot
justify her summary dismissal.

Ms Loh’s lie about her whereabouts on 28 April 2008

20 Admittedly, Ms Loh lied about her whereabouts on 28 April 2008 when Mr
Britton telephoned her to enquire about her whereabouts. Ms Loh said that she
going to Labuan via Kuala Lumpur to meet her boyfriend but as their plans
changed, she remained in Kuala Lumpur and stayed at the Hotel Equatorial, her
usual hotel which gave her special rates. She pointed out that as she was then
on leave, there was no reason why Mr Britton should be concerned about her
whereabouts. She added that he was rather rude and that he shouted obscenities
at her. Knowing that Mr Britton would be agitated if he knew that she was in
Kuala Lumpur, she chose to lie about her whereabouts to avoid problems.
Apparently, Mr Britton’s vulgarities had also upset one of Ms Loh’s former
colleagues, Ms Helen Chong, a Division Manager of the company at the material
time, to such an extent that she wrote to Mr Doherty about the matter.

21 Admittedly, Ms Loh’s answers to questions by the company’s counsel, Ms
Indranee Rajah SC, as to why she lied about her whereabouts on 28 April 2008
were not altogether satisfactory. However, as I have found in Suit No 333 that
there was nothing untoward about the TSI presentation, this lie by Ms Loh
regarding her whereabouts on 28 April 2008 was not sufficiently serious to
justify her summary dismissal. After all, Mr Britton, who had been fully
briefed by his DMs about the lunch and dinner meetings, admitted that he had
also lied to Ms Loh at the meeting with her on 29 May 2008 when he told her
that he did not know anything about these meetings and invited her to tell him
about these meetings. By feigning ignorance, he had hoped that Ms Loh would
give him some incriminating evidence against Mr Yau. Mr Britton’s complaint
against Ms Loh for lying to him about her whereabouts on 28 April 2008 was
clearly a case of the pot calling the kettle black.

Whether Ms Loh had unlawfully interfered with the company’s trade

22 When considering the company’s allegations that Ms Loh had unlawfully
interfered with the company’s trade, it cannot be overlooked that until she
was summarily dismissed on 29 May 2008, she had done yeoman service for the
company by helping to increase its sales significantly. In fact, in the 5
months before she was sacked in May, her sales team had generated C$43.6
million. In the context of the target for the entire year, which was only C$78
million, this was 34% above the pro-rated target for that 5-month period.

23 When cross-examined, Ms Loh’s boss, Mr Foo, said that he was very happy
with her performance in so far as sales of Walton products were concerned for
the period January to May 2008.[note: 4] Even Mr Britton accepted that Ms Loh
was a star performer.

24 Mention must also be made of Ms Loh’s e-mail to Mr Doherty on 26 May 2008,
in which she reiterated her unwavering commitment to Walton and pointed out
that she was saddened at being viewed with suspicion by “higher management”.
The relevant part of this e-mail is as follows:

Bill, _my commitment to Walton has always been unwavering. This is attested by
the fact that we have been hitting targets month after month since I became
the VP of sales in Singapore in November 2006_. In the recent months, despite
the departure of Winston and Dirk, despite the rumours and lies that has been
spreading around, despite the falling sales from other regions, Singapore has
been holding the fort. Singapore has been delivering record sales, month after
month since February 2008.

The only reason why we have been able to achieve such results is because all
the divisions have been working cohesively together and contributing to our
sales targets. We are focussed and keep our eyes on the Goal. Once higher
management allows favouritism, this will cause factions among the divisions.
This will cause the rest of our Singapore sales team to be demoralised and
lose focus. Inadvertently, sales will be affected.

_At the same time, I feel that my higher management does not seem to trust me.
I am aware that I have been investigated extensively_. They even checked my
whereabouts with travel agents when I went on leave. I believe this is because
of my close relationship with Winston and Dirk. _This is extremely hurtful and
has caused great distress as I have been doing my best for the company all
this while_. Granted, Winston and Dirk are my good friends. This fact does not
change although they have left Walton. I am still in touch with them as
friends. Should I leave Walton one day, I hope I can still keep in touch with
you Bill and have you as my friend still.

[emphasis added]

25 Mr Doherty’s immediate response to Ms Loh in his e-mail on 27 May 2008 was
to encourage her. He went so far as to tell her that he had no objections to
her being in contact with Mr Yau.

26 Ms Loh knew that she had a very lucrative career with the company and had
not been deterred by rumours of corporatisation allegedly spread by Mr Yau
because she received overriding commissions on both retail and corporate
sales. She added that it took her 8 years to reach her position in the company
and there was no reason for her to bite the hands that fed her. She
testified[note: 5] convincingly as follows:

There’s no reason for me … to leave Walton … - more than 1-over million in
pay, in commission and salary, … to join… a very unstable, or if there’s any
company,… _nobody can pay me this kind of money_.

[emphasis added]

27 If one looks at the facts objectively, there was no reason why Ms Loh, who
was earning more than $1.5 million per annum, would want to sabotage the
company by interfering with its trade as this would adversely affect her own
interests. I thus find that the company did not establish that Ms Loh had
unlawfully interfered with its trade and cannot rely on this ground to justify
her summary dismissal.

Alleged failure to motivate the staff

28 The company clutched at straws by also making a vague claim that Ms Loh
breached her duties by failing to motivate the staff. Ms Loh’s boss, Mr Foo,
demolished his company’s case entirely by agreeing that she had not failed to
motivate her staff. When cross-examined,[note: 6] he stated:

QMr Foo, …. _were there any specific matters which Sharon Loh should have
addressed that might have affected the motivation of the staff before May
2008?_

ASales staff?

QYes.

A _No_.

….

QSo in a wider sense, was there anything that she should have done to address
the motivation and loyalty of people _other than sales staff_?

A _No. Not that I know of_.

[emphasis added]

29 When reminded that the company’s case was that Ms Loh had breached her duty
to address matters that could adversely affect the motivation and loyalty of
the sales staff, Mr Foo gave the following answer:[note: 7]

At this point in time, between January and May, to the best of my – at that
time, during mid-January to May, I was not aware until later on in April/May,
when certain information had been – had come to my knowledge. But it was not –
it was not something that was general knowledge. In other words, yeah --

30 As Mr Foo rambled on, Ms Loh’s counsel, Mr Tan, interrupted him, after
which he reiterated his earlier evidence that to his knowledge, Ms Loh had not
failed to motivate the staff. The cross-examination[note: 8] was as follows:

QWhen I asked you those questions, I believe it was about 10 minutes ago …
your answer was that to your knowledge, you were not aware of anything that
she should have done to address the motivation and loyalty of sales staff, so
please don’t go back to when you knew of the breaches. _You are sitting in
court giving evidence, and your answer is that to your knowledge, there was
nothing that amounted to a breach_.

A _Yes_.

Q _Is that still your evidence?_

A _Yes_.

[emphasis added]

31 In view of Mr Foo’s evidence, the allegation that Ms Loh had failed to
motivate her staff need not be further considered.

Alleged acts of insubordination

32 As for Ms Loh’s alleged acts of insubordination in relation to Mr Foo, the
company pleaded in its Statement of Claim at para 33(c) as follows:

(i)At or about 5.30 pm on 22 January 2008, the Defendant telephoned Gerald Foo
and demanded an explanation from him as to why he had agreed to certain
requests made by the Division Managers, which she had earlier rejected. During
the conversation, she raised her voice and ended the conversation abruptly by
putting down the phone before Gerald Foo could explain his reasons to her;

(ii)On May 26 2008, the Defendant called Gerald Foo at 2.10 am and shouted at
him for allowing one of the divisions in the Retail Sales Division to receive
trip subsidies under an incentive program, although the Division Manager had
not consulted the Defendant. She ended the conversation abruptly by putting
down the phone; and

(iii)The Defendant called Gerald Foo at 2.25 pm and repeated what she had said
earlier. She ended the conversation by putting down the phone before Gerald
Foo could finish what he was saying.

33 In regard to the first incident on 22 January 2008, Ms Loh’s counsel, Mr
Tan, asserted that the fact that the company had to rely on an incident some 4
months before her employment was terminated showed how frivolous its claim
against her was. I agree that the telephone conversation between Mr Foo and Ms
Loh on 22 January 2008 was a rather poor excuse to terminate the latter’s
employment.

34 As for the incident on 26 May 2008, Mr Foo wrote to Ms Loh as follows:

1I refer to our 2 telephone conversations today, one at 2.10 pm and the
subsequent one at 2.25 pm on the issue of trip subsidies for Lusi’s division’s
incentive trip to North America.

2I am placing on record here that your ranting and raving over the phone and
absolute disregard for me as your immediate supervisor is highly unacceptable.
This is now the second occasion that you have raised your voice to me.
Whatever the issue, this kind of behaviour is tantamount to insubordination
and unbecoming.

3I am forwarding this matter to Mr Kent Britton, COO Asia, for him to decide
on the next course of action.

35 The incident on 26 May 2008 must be viewed in its proper context. Ms Loh,
who denied having put down the phone without hearing Mr Foo’s explanation, had
been justifiably annoyed that Mr Foo had undermined her authority by approving
subsidies for staff who did not qualify under the company’s incentive program.
When cross-examined, Mr Foo conceded that it was necessary for him to have
consulted Ms Loh before showing such “favouritism” to some staff.

36 Both Mr Britton and Mr Doherty knew that Mr Foo and Ms Loh did not get
along and that there had been unpleasant encounters between them. After
receiving Mr Foo’s e-mail of 26 May 2008, Ms Loh wrote to Mr Doherty the same
day to let him know about her problems in the company. In that letter, she
stated as follows:

In all the 8 years I have worked for you, this is the first time I seek
address with you directly. This is because I have no other choice and would
like your help to prevail justice over this.

In summary, this was what happened.

We had an incentive program in place last year for consultants and managers.
The first batch of qualifiers had already made their trip in April to Phoenix
and Texas. We are now preparing for the second batch. I made it clear from the
beginning that only full qualifiers in 2006/2007 will get subsidies. All my
DMs and my managing director agreed on this. Now, one of the divisions has
bypassed me, without my knowledge at all, to get subsidies approval from the
managing director for non-qualifiers. To make things worse, the division
manager obtained a higher subsidy for herself.

I found out about this only because my managing director told my secretary
that he had settled the incentive. I was upset because:-

I was not kept in the loop deliberately ....

When I expressed [my] displeasure over this to [Mr Gerald Foo], he accused me
of being rude and guilty of insubordinate behaviour. Please see the attached
e-mail below for your reference....

All this while, the sales team in Singapore has never been given due
recognition. For example, during our recent annual dinner and dance, every
department head received a plaque in recognition of their contribution. The
sales department was left out. My people were disappointed. This may seem like
a small oversight. Yet, it is reflective of how we have been treated in recent
times….

I sincerely hope you will look into this matter for the sake of the Singapore
sales team.

Thank you and best regards.

37 On the very next day, 27 May 2008, Mr Doherty replied to Ms Loh as follows:

I will check into this matter and help where I am able …

My belief and hope is that you and Gerald will be able to work this matter out
as there are too many positive things we should be focussing on....

... I will look into helping you to resolve the situation with Gerald Foo so
we can move forward.

All the best.

38 I believe that Mr Doherty really intended to look into issues relating to
Ms Loh’s working relationship with Mr Foo and the alleged unfairness referred
to by Ms Loh. Mr Britton testified that when he sacked Ms Loh two days after
Mr Doherty e-mailed her, no decision had been taken as to who was right in the
above-menitoned dispute between Mr Foo and Ms Loh.[note: 9]

39 During the trial, I noticed that Ms Loh spoke in a louder voice whenever
she became agitated. She explained that her manner of bringing up matters to
her former bosses had caused no furore in the past and her working style did
not change after Mr Foo became her boss. She explained in her affidavit of
evidence-in-chief (“AEIC”) (at para 109):

During the years of working for [the company], I had always been direct and
forthright in dealing with superiors and subordinates. The previous management
valued this management style but somehow, some innocuous telephone calls have
been unjustifiably escalated into acts of insubordination and used to justify
immediate dismissal. This is blatantly [un]supportable because there has been
no prior issue with this approach of giving feedback and resolving issues that
has been effective in [the] organization for years.

40 In my view, the issue of insubordination is an after-thought, contrived to
justify Mr Britton’s extremely high-handed and unwarranted summary dismissal
of Ms Loh.

Whether Ms Loh discouraged Mr Joosten from accepting a promotion

41 Finally, the company’s allegation that Ms Loh had discouraged Mr Joosten in
January 2008 from accepting any promotion was not proven. Ms Loh, who
vehemently denied this allegation, made it clear that there was no reason for
her to talk to Mr Joosten about a promotion as this was never on the cards.
She did not think highly of him and had ticked him off for incompetence in the
following strongly worded e-mail on 25 April 2008:

I would like to point out to you that you must be fast on your feet knowing
full well that it is urgent that all sales staff are informed of the AIE
postponement and I don’t need to “remind you” to take action.

Secondly, you should have an eye for details ... your mail was sent to a few
DMs and Division Secretaries who are not holding their current positions
anymore and the needful people like Avril and Annjanette were not copied. More
care has to be taken in this respect as certain mails may be confidential and
sensitive if it is sent out erroneously.

42 A few minutes after Ms Loh e-mailed Mr Joosten, Mr Foo e-mailed her to
support her position. In another e-mail to Ms Loh a few minutes later, Mr Foo
stated that he will have a chat with Mr Joosten and added that he was very
“chui thar”, a Hokkien expression that indicated that he was quite fed up with
having to talk to Mr Joosten once more about the latter’s work performance.

43 When cross-examined, Mr Foo could not remember when he talked to Mr Joosten
about the latter being discouraged by Ms Loh from accepting a promotion.
Initially, he said that he spoke to Mr Joosten before Ms Loh was sacked but
when pressed further, he said that Mr Joosten could have told him about the
matter after she had been sacked by the company. He also could not recall the
context in which Mr Joosten had the conversation with him. He gave me the
distinct impression that the alleged conversation between Ms Loh and Mr
Joosten did not take place.

44 Mr Joosten did not advance the company’s case with his testimony. He
admitted that there was “really no love lost” between Ms Loh and him, and
confirmed that he had a tense relationship with her. When asked whether Ms Loh
had been critical of his work, he took the opportunity to say that she was
critical of many things and not just his work.[note: 10] In his AEIC, he
stated that Ms Loh had “approached” him to tell him not to accept a promotion
but when cross-examined, he testified that she had telephoned him “out of the
blue” about the matter. When asked by Mr Tan why he did not mention the phone
call in his AEIC and had merely stated that Ms Loh had approached him, he
became testy. Although he spoke and understood English well enough, he said
that he was a “non-English native speaker” and if Mr Tan’s question was
rephrased in Dutch, he would be happy to answer it.

45 Mr Joosten, who conceded that no one had offered to promote him after
Sharon was sacked, could not remember much about his conversation with Mr Foo
regarding what Ms Loh had allegedly told him or what Mr Foo had said to him.
When asked to recall his conversation with Mr Foo, which took place months
after Ms Loh had been sacked, he did not answer the question but merely
stated[note: 11] as follows:

I need to emphasize that you’re trying – you are asking me to recall a period
that was very painful for me and I’ve gone through many lengths to try to
forget stuff and --

46 I had no doubt that the company’s assertion that Ms Loh had discouraged Mr
Joosten from accepting a promotion in January 2008 was baseless and cannot
justify her summary dismissal.

Conclusion on the plaintiff’s claim

47 I find that Ms Loh did not breach her employment contract in the manner
alleged by the plaintiff. In any case, even if she had been in breach, her
boss, Mr Foo testified that the company had suffered no loss as a result. The
relevant part of the proceedings is as follows: [note: 12]

QSo if the company did not suffer any damages even if she breached the
contract, then what is your basis for recovering from her …?

….

A _I do not know_.

Q _There is no basis, would you agree with me, if you don’t suffer loss, you
can’t claim for damages, it’s as simple as that, Mr Foo_.

A _Yes_.

[emphasis added]

48 For the record, Mr Britton’s evidence on the sacking of Ms Loh was also
most unsatisfactory. For instance, when he was asked why Ms Loh, whose
contribution to the company’s profits was as good, if not better, than Mr
Iseli’s contribution to Walton Malaysia’s profits, had not been offered a
generous financial package to resign whereas Mr Iseli had been offered such a
package, he gave the astonishing reply that she had not been offered a
severance package because unlike Mr Iseli, she had not been spreading rumours
or perpetuating lies.[note: 13] Apparently, he seemed to believe that those
who spread rumours and perpetuated lies should be rewarded with a generous
severance package whereas Ms Loh, who did not act in such dastardly ways and
had spearheaded the increase in the sale of Walton products in Singapore,
should be summarily dismissed without any compensation for the flimsiest of
reasons.

49 For the reasons stated, I dismiss the company’s claim against Ms Loh and
find that she had been wrongfully dismissed.

The Counterclaim

50 As Ms Loh was wrongfully dismissed, she succeeds in her counterclaim for
damages. Counsel for both parties agreed that if Ms Loh was wrongfully
dismissed, the amount due to her is US$159,717.25. I thus order the company to
pay her this amount.

The Costs

51 Ms Loh is entitled to costs.

* * *

[note: 1]Certified Transcript (“CT”), 2 August 2010, pp 32-34.

[note: 2]CT, 20 October 2009, pp 48-49.

[note: 3]CT, 14 October 2009, p 88.

[note: 4]CT, 2 August 2010, p 20.

[note: 5]CT, 1 July 2010, p 61.

[note: 6]CT, 2 August 2010, p 21.

[note: 7]CT, 2 August 2010, p 22.

[note: 8]CT, 2 August 2010, p 23.

[note: 9]CT, 2 August 2010, p 14.

[note: 10]CT, 3 August 2010, p 74.

[note: 11]CT, 3 August 2010, p 82.

[note: 12]CT, 2 August 2010, pp 33-34.

[note: 13]CT, 14 October 2009, p 73.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 03 Jun 2011 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

