Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Foo Song Mee _v_ Ho Kiau Seng  
[2011] SGCA 45

Case Number| :| Civil Appeal No 16 of 2011  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 06 September 2011  
Tribunal/Court| :| Court of Appeal  
Coram| :|  Chao Hick Tin JA; Andrew Phang Boon Leong JA; V K Rajah JA  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Foo Soon Yien (Bernard & Rada Law Corporation) for the
Appellant; Hee Theng Fong, Lin Ying Clare and Leong Kai Yuan (RHT Law LLP) for
the Respondent.  
Parties| :|  Foo Song Mee — Ho Kiau Seng  
  
[LawNet Editorial Note: This was an appeal from the decision of the High Court
in [2011] SGHC 4.]

6 September 2011|  
---|---  
  
Chao Hick Tin JA (delivering the grounds of decision of the court):

Introduction

1 This appeal arose out of a suit brought by Foo Song Mee (“the Appellant”)
against Ho Kiau Seng (“the Respondent”) to recover outstanding commission
monies amounting to $271,913.40, before interest. Her claim was dismissed by
the trial judge (“the Judge”) in _Foo Song Mee v Ho Kiau Seng_ [2011] SGHC 4,
where it was held that the Appellant had not proved that there was a contract
between the parties under which any payment of commission monies was due to
her. At the conclusion of the hearing of the appeal on 6 July 2011, we allowed
the appeal. We now give our reasons.

The facts

2 At all material times, the Appellant was a real estate agent with REA Realty
Network and the Respondent, a businessman. Sometime in May 2007, the Appellant
was informed by one Ray Lau (“Ray”), an assistant vice-president of United
Overseas Bank Limited (“UOB”), that a development undertaken by Gazelle Land
Pte Ltd (“Gazelle”), consisting of 11 units of apartment at 3 Buckley Road
(“the Development”), was available for sale. UOB was financing the Development
and Ray was the officer handling this account. The Appellant agreed to assist
in the sale of the Development on the understanding with Ray that if the sale
was successful, Ray would receive the seller’s agent’s commission from Gazelle
and share a portion of it with the Appellant.

3 The Appellant approached her father for help and he arranged for her to meet
one Hoo Long Sin (“HLS”), who was the Respondent’s brother. HLS informed her
that the Respondent might be interested in purchasing some units and arranged
for them to meet. The Appellant agreed with HLS that if the Respondent was to
purchase some units in the Development, the Appellant would pay HLS a referral
fee.

4 The first meeting between the parties took place sometime in July 2007. The
Respondent was interested. She negotiated for a discount on the purchase price
for the Development, having it lowered from $1,650 per square foot (“psf”) to
between $1,601 and $1,636 psf. On 29 July 2007, the Appellant wrote the
Respondent a letter stating that she proposed to be the Respondent’s agent for
the _purchase and sale_ of the Development. The Respondent then informed her
that he wished to purchase all eleven units in the Development if the price
could be further lowered and that he would pay her a commission on the
discount which she could obtain for him. On 18 September 2007, the Appellant
finally managed to have it reduced to $1,550 psf. It then dawned on the
Respondent that at this price he would still have to pay over a million
dollars in stamp duty fees on the purchase. Because of this consideration, he
instructed the Appellant to negotiate for a further discount. Eventually she
obtained a further reduction of $70,000 for each unit. We should clarify that
the Appellant never negotiated directly with Gazelle on the price. All the
negotiations with Gazelle in relation to having the purchase price reduced
were done through Ray who acted as an intermediary.

5 On 25 September 2007, Gazelle granted the Respondents the options to
purchase all the eleven units in the Development (“the Options”) at the agreed
reduced price. Also around this date, the parties met and determined that
$1,459,567 was the total discount which the Appellant had negotiated and
obtained. The Respondent agreed to give the Appellant as commission 30% of the
savings which amounted to $437,870.10. The sale and purchase agreements for
the eleven units were executed on 24 October 2007. In late November 2007, the
Appellant requested the Respondent for her commission, claiming that HLS was
demanding his referral fee from her. She asked for payment of one-third of the
agreed commission.

6 According to the Appellant, on 3 December 2007, she went to the Respondent’s
office to hand over a draft letter (to be signed by him) bearing the same date
in these terms:[note: 1]

In consideration of the services rendered by you in helping me to secure my
purchase of the [Development], I agree to pay you a sum of $437,870.10.

..............................

Ho Kiau Seng

(NRIC No [xxx])

7 On 5 December 2007, the Appellant received a telephone call from HLS asking
her to attend at the Respondent’s office to pick up a cheque. She attended the
Respondent’s office bringing with her a similar draft letter but re-dated to 5
December 2007 (“the 5 December letter”). However, it is pertinent to note that
the Respondent had left a cheque dated 3 December 2007 for the sum of
$145,956,70 which his Secretary, one Ms Ng Poh Keng (“Ms Ng”), handed over to
the Appellant.

8 As requested by the Appellant, Ms Ng signed the 5 December letter for the
Respondent by inserting the alphabet “f” beside the Respondent’s name.
Obviously, for the record, Ms Ng also typed the following at the bottom of
that letter which the Appellant signed:[note: 2]

I, Ms Foo Song Mee, received a cheque UOB 028792 amounting to S$145,956.70
dated 3 Dec 2007 from [the Respondent]

[The Appellant’s signature]

\---------------------------------

Received by: Ms Foo Song Mee

Date: 5 Dec 07

9 On 28 December 2007, the Appellant paid HLS a referral fee of $31,607.50.
The Appellant continued to demand payment of the balance of her commission
monies from the Respondent. On 3 September 2008, he issued another cheque to
her for the sum of $20,000. Thereafter, the Respondent refused to make any
more payment to the Appellant. On 13 January 2009, the Appellant, through her
solicitors, sent the Respondent a letter of demand for the balance of the
commission.

10 On 13 July 2009, the Appellant issued a writ against the Respondent
claiming for the balance of $291,913.40. In the Respondent’s defence, besides
denying that the Appellant was entitled to any commission, he also
counterclaimed for the total sum of $165,956.70 ($145,956.70 and $20,000)
which the Respondent claimed were personal loans he made to the Appellant.

Grounds of the Judge’s decision

11 The Judge dismissed the Appellant’s claim and held that there was no
contract between the parties for the payment of the alleged commission. He
found that even on the Appellant’s own case, although the Respondent agreed to
pay the Appellant a commission for the discount she had managed to obtain from
Gazelle, there was no agreement as to what was the amount of the commission or
the formulae on which the commission was to be calculated. What was concluded
was only an agreement to pay an unascertainable sum. That being the position,
and absent the crucial factor as to the quantum of the commission, a contract
could not have come into being on 25 September 2007. All that was left was an
unenforceable promise from the Respondent to the Appellant to pay her an
unspecified sum.

12 The Judge also gave two further reasons as to why there could not be an
agreement of the kind claimed by the appellant. First, it was unusual for an
estate agent to collect commission from the buyer. Normally it would be the
seller who would pay the estate agent’s commission. Second, the alleged
commission of $437,870.10 amounted to 1.14% of the purchase price which was
higher than the normal 1% payable to an estate agent for such services. He
found the Appellant’s evidence not credible and instead found that the
Respondent’s assertion that there was no such agreement was more believable.
Accordingly, the Judge found that the Respondent’s claim that he would only
pay the alleged commission when the resale of the apartments was completed,
made more commercial sense.

13 As the Respondent had in his defence made a counterclaim for the return of
the two sums paid to the Appellant as friendly loans, judgment was given to
the Respondent for his counterclaim of $165,956.70.

Was there an agreement to pay the Appellant for her services to negotiate for
a reduction in purchase price (“Price Reduction Services”)?

14 The main ground given by the Judge in dismissing the Appellant’s claim was
that as there was no agreement between the parties as to the precise sum, or
an objective formula to determine the quantum, of the commission before the
Options were granted by Gazelle to the Respondent, there was thus no concluded
contract between them. We noted that the Respondent’s evidence on this
was:[note: 3]

6\. The [Appellant] also informed me during subsequent meetings that she could
obtain a price reduction on the initial purchase price of the [Development].
In the course of our discussions, the [Appellant] drew up a table in which she
calculated for me the amount of savings [the Respondent] would enjoy if she
successfully obtains a reduction in the purchase price of [the Development],
and calculated the amount of commission that she was seeking, _being 30% of
the difference between the original purchase price_ ... and the final
discounted price...

...

8 _Thereafter on 25 September 2007_ [the Respondent] signed the Option to
Purchase ...

[emphasis added]

From this account of the Respondent, it seemed that before the Option was
given by Gazelle, the parties had discussed and even agreed that for the Price
Reduction Services rendered, the Appellant would be paid a commission based on
the quantum of the amount of reduction she managed to obtain from Gazelle. A
table was presented to him showing the computation based on the 30% formula.
He stated that the Appellant wanted 30% of the actual reduction she obtained.
However, we also noted that the evidence of the Appellant was less than clear
with regard to the precise date on which the parties had agreed on the exact
amount of the commission or the formula to determine the same. The Appellant
agreed that it could be after the Option had been granted by Gazelle.
Nevertheless, it was clear that on the evidence, the Respondent had agreed,
before the grant of the Option, that he would pay the Appellant a commission
for the Price Reduction Services even though the exact quantum or the formula
to determine the same might not have been agreed before the Option was
granted. As the Appellant had already performed her part of the bargain, and
not only did the evidence not suggest that the services were rendered out of
goodwill but that she would be remunerated, the law would imply that the
Respondent would pay her a reasonable sum for those services which she had
rendered.

15 This implication is based on the doctrine of _quantum meruit_ which allows
a claimant to recover a reasonable amount of remuneration for services
rendered; this is in turn based on the broader doctrine that, in so far as
contractual _quantum meruit_ (see [18] below) is concerned, if remuneration
for the supply of goods or for services rendered is not expressly provided
for, the law will imply a term of reasonable remuneration where the particular
factual matrix concerned shows that such a term ought to be implied to give
effect to the parties’ presumed intention. As with all instances where terms
are implied, this should always be a matter of construction in the light of
the precise circumstances of the case, in particular, the objective intention
of the parties; see _Forefront Medical Technology (Pte) Ltd v Modern-Pak Pte
Ltd_ [2006] 1 SLR(R) 927 at [41], _Chua Choon Cheng and others v Allgreen
Properties Ltd and another appeal_ [2009] 3 SLR(R) 724 at [63], and _Ng Giap
Hon v Westcomb Securities Pte Ltd and others_ [2009] 3 SLR(R) 518 at [35]. As
was said in _British Steel Corp v Cleveland Bridge and Engineering Co Ltd_
[1984] 1 All ER 504 at 511:

This is plain from the familiar trilogy of cases which show that no hard and
fast rule can be laid down but that the question in each case is whether, on a
true construction of the relevant transaction, it was consistent with the
intention of the parties that even though no price had been agreed a
reasonable price should be paid (_May & Butcher Ltd v R_ (1929) [1934] 2 KB
17, [1929] All ER Rep 679, _W N Hillas & Co Ltd v Arcos Ltd_ (1932) 147 LT
503, [1932] All ER Rep 494 and _Foley v Classique Coaches Ltd_ [1934] 2 KB 1,
[1934] All ER Rep 88).

The English jurisprudence mentioned above deals with cases for the sale of
goods, but the same principles apply equally to cases for the supply of
services. In _Way v Latilla_ [1937] 3 All ER 759, Lord Atkin said (at 763):

There is no material in the present case upon which any court would decide
what was the share which the parties must be taken to have agreed. But, while
there is, therefore, no concluded contract as to the remuneration, it is plain
that there existed between the parties a contract of employment under which My
Way was engaged to do work for Mr Latilla in circumstances which clearly
indicated that the work was not to be gratuitous. Mr Way, therefore, is
entitled to a reasonable remuneration on the implied contract to pay him
_quantum meruit_.

16 Similarly, in _Powell v Braun_ [1954] 1 WLR 401, a secretary was allowed a
claim in _quantum meruit_ for a reasonable amount of bonus remuneration earned
by her loyalty and diligence, coupled with the strength of a letter from her
employer that she was owed such bonus unspecified sum.

17 One of the earliest cases which established that a claim in _quantum
meruit_ might be made for services rendered was _Lampleigh v Braithwaite_
(1615) Hobart 105, 80 E.R. 255 where a horse-backed messenger rode to the King
to seek a pardon for a man on death row who had requested him to embark on the
journey. The man was pardoned and subsequently promised to pay the messenger a
sum of money but later reneged on his promise. The messenger was subsequently
able to recover the amount of remuneration because the act was done at the
request of the promisor, the man on death row; it was reasonably expected that
payment would be made; and this payment would have been legally recoverable
(in an action for _quantum meruit_).

18 Claims based on _quantum meruit_ can be found upon contract or restitution.
The former relates to cases where there is a contract for the supply of
services though this same contract lacks a term on the quantum of
remuneration, and the latter relates to cases where there is no contract at
all. This distinction was alluded to in the case of _Rabiah Bee bte Mohamed
Ibrahim v Salem Ibrahim_ [2007] 2 SLR(R) 655 at [122] – [123], where Judith
Prakash J considered the English case of _Serck Controls Limited v Drake &
Schull Engineering Limited_ (2000) 73 Con. L. R. 100, and went on to state:

...two types of _quantum meruit_ exist _viz_ contractual _quantum meruit_ and,
secondly, restitutionary _quantum meruit_. Where there is an express or
implied contract which is silent on the quantum of remuneration or where there
is a contract which states that there should be remuneration but does not fix
the quantum, the claim in _quantum meruit_ will be contractual in nature.
Where, however, the basis of the claim is to correct the otherwise unjust
enrichment of the defendant, it is restitutionary in nature. It is also
relevant that there cannot be a claim in _quantum meruit_ if there exists a
contract for an agreed sum and there cannot be a claim in restitution parallel
to an inconsistent contractual promise between the parties.

We should add that this distinction was recognised by this Court in the
earlier case of _Gold Coin Ltd v Tay Kim Wee_ [1987] 2 MLJ 271 (“ _Gold
Coin”_) which applied _Way v Latilla_ (see [15] above).

19 In the present case, before the grant of the Options by Gazelle to the
Respondent, the parties had agreed that the Appellant would render the Price
Reduction Services for remuneration. What was not definitely agreed upon at
that juncture was the precise remuneration or an objective formula to
determine the same. Thus we were here concerned with contractual _quantum
meruit_ rather than restitutionary _quantum meruit. Gold Coin_ was such a
case. There the claimant was a manager of a chick hatchery, and was
exceptionally successful at the business of marketing chicks, with one of his
greatest triumphs being that he was able to successfully market day-old chicks
to South Vietnam during its civil war in 1968. The defendant was the owner of
the hatchery, and had promised the claimant in writing an unspecified amount
of commission from the profits of his marketing efforts. This Court held that
since the written agreement was deficient as to the amount of commission,
there could not have been a concluded contract obliging the defendant-
employers to pay the claimant-manager any commission. However, there could be
implied a contract to pay a _quantum meruit_ , where the amount of this would
be a reasonable commission in all the circumstances (see _Gold Coin_ at p
275):

The express provision for the payment of a commission which fails as a binding
agreement because of the absence of the essential term as to the amount or
rate of the commission is nevertheless a substantial factor in support of the
implication of a contract to pay a _quantum meruit_.

20 If the issue of remuneration in the present case had continued to remain
undetermined after the grant of the Options, then the claim of the Appellant
would have been in contractual _quantum meruit_. But that was not the position
here. The parties had shortly after the grant of the Options agreed on the
precise amount of commission due to the Appellant, applying the formula of 30%
of the savings which the Appellant had obtained for the Respondent. What could
be a more reasonable remuneration than the figure which the parties themselves
had _agreed_ to be the appropriate sum? In the circumstances, we were unable
to accept the Judge’s view that this later agreement on the precise amount of
the commission payable to the Appellant, although concluded subsequent to 25
September 2007, was unenforceable because of past consideration. Clearly there
was consideration. The Appellant had forgone her entitlement to reasonable
remuneration from the Respondent in respect of the Price Reduction Services
and substituted it with the specific sum which the parties had agreed upon.
The error was in viewing this subsequent agreement on the quantum of
commission in isolation instead of in its proper context.

21 We now move to the secondary reasons given by the Judge for his decision.
The first reason was that it was not normal for a buyer of property to pay
commission to the estate agent who clinches a deal. We do not dispute this as
a general proposition. But it seemed to us that the Judge had not given
sufficient regard to the fact that the commission was something agreed to by
the Respondent in respect of a special service which the Respondent had
requested, i.e. the Price Reduction Services. We have, in [14] above, ruled
that the parties had indeed entered into an agreement whereby the Appellant
was to render the Price Reduction Services to the respondent for a commission.
Thus the normal practice as to the payment of commission to an estate agent
could have no relevance in a case like the present where there was an
agreement for special services and for commission in regard thereto. The
provision of these special services was entirely consistent with the letter of
29 July 2007 where the Appellant wrote to the Respondent declaring her wish to
be his agent for the “purchase” and “sale” of the apartments within the
Development. The relevant part of this letter reads:[note: 4]

As your agent, I would help you negotiate a better purchasing price for the
whole 11 units of the [D]evelopment, which in the last proposal I showed you
was going for $1601 p.s.f. Upon [the] purchase of this [D]evelopment, I would
be your exclusive marketing agent for this project, selling off the units
individually at your desired market price.

It was clear that in this letter the Appellant was offering two distinct
services to the Respondent. The first was the Price Reduction Services and the
second was, after the Respondent had purchased the 11 units, to be the
Respondent’s exclusive agent to sell the 11 units.

22 We now turn to the second subsidiary reason given by the Judge _viz_ , that
the commission asked for by the Appellant amounted to 1.14% of the purchase
price, when the normal rate of commission payable to an estate agent is only
1%. While it is not disputed that 1% is the normal rate of commission of an
estate agent, two points must be made here. First, the Price Reduction
Services were expressly requested for by the Respondent. Second, the
commission to be paid for those services was computed on an entirely different
basis. It was not based on purchase price but on the actual savings which the
Appellant could obtain for the Respondent from the seller, Gazelle, and the
rate was not 1% but 30%.

23 We would, in this connection, also observe that the finding of the Judge
that there was no agreement by the Respondent to pay the Appellant the
commission of $437,870.10 was not consistent with the position taken by the
Respondent in this appeal, which was _not_ that no such commission should be
paid to the Appellant in respect of the Price Reduction Services, but that it
should only be payable to the Appellant as a bonus, after she had secured the
sale by the Respondent of those apartments to other buyers, at which point the
Appellant would get the $437,870.10 plus the 1% normal commission for the
subsequent sale.[note: 5] In this scenario, the uncertainty lies not in the
amount payable or its computation but _when_ it would be payable. There was
thus clearly a contract made between the Appellant and Respondent for the
payment of commission in respect of the Price Reduction Services.

24 At the time of the hearing before us, none of the units in the Development
had been sold, and if the Respondent’s version were true, then the Appellant
would not have been entitled to receive any commission at all from him even in
respect of the Price Reduction Services. On the basis that the payment of the
commission for the Price Reduction Services was linked to the eventual resale
of the Development to third persons, the Respondent asserted that he had
agreed to appoint the Appellant as his exclusive marketing agent for the
resale. Despite the importance of this agency agreement, the Respondent was
unable to adduce any documentation as evidence of this agency, or elucidate
any of the terms of the agreement. His failure to set out the terms of the
exclusive agency convinced us that no such exclusive agency existed in the
first place. In the context of the sale and purchase of real estate, one of
the most important terms of an exclusive agency mandate is the duration of the
mandate. As long as the mandate subsists, the seller of property is obliged to
sell the property through the exclusive agent, and is precluded from selling
the property himself or with the help of other agents. This fetter on the
seller’s freedom to dispose of his property as he pleases is very restrictive,
and it is important to clearly delineate its duration. The omission of such an
important term would necessarily cause the Respondent’s version to be viewed
with much wariness.

25 All that the Respondent was able to produce was a letter dated 31 October
2008 written by his then solicitors to the Appellant, instructing her that she
was to be appointed his exclusive agent for a period of one month from 31
October 2008 to 30 November 2008. What is significant about this letter is
that it was written one year after the Respondent had completed the purchase
of the Development on 24 October 2007. His explanation was that the
Appellant’s exclusive agency mandate subsisted from 24 October 2007 all the
way to 30 November 2008, or a period of 13 months, and that the letter of 31
October 2008 was merely written as a favour to the Appellant upon her request
that she needed such a letter to convince an unnamed third party that she was
the exclusive agent for the Development. It bears noting that at the time the
alleged exclusive agency began on 24 October 2007, there was no evidence to
indicate what was the duration of the mandate. Furthermore, the Respondent
himself had stated that at the time he purchased the Development, the
Appellant had represented to him that she had ready buyers for it. If that
were the case, why should it have been necessary for him to grant her a
mandate of such a long duration, and why was the duration of the mandate not
spelt out? For the reasons stated above at [24], it is vitally important for
the seller to clearly set out the duration of the exclusive agency. Yet this
was not done. To test the credibility of the Respondent’s assertion, if indeed
the Appellant’s reward for the Price Reduction Services was tied to the
subsequent sale, we would have expected the Respondent to demand a specific
period within which she would be given the exclusive right to sell the
property. We would also have expected some discussion between the parties on
the duration of this exclusive agency. None of those occurred. The only
reasonable inference one could draw in the circumstances was that no exclusive
agency was contemplated by the parties at the time. This could only mean that
the payment of the Price Reduction Services was not and could not be linked
with the eventual sale of the development.

26 Apart from his failure to explain the terms of the alleged exclusive
agency, another feature of the Respondent’s case which we found unacceptable
was his explanation for the payments of $145,956.70 and $20,000 to the
Appellant by way of cheques dated 3 December 2007 and 3 September 2008
respectively. The Appellant said that the cheque payments were part payments
of the commission due to her in respect of the Price Reduction Services. The
Respondent’s explanation was that these payments were some form of friendly
interest free loans to the Appellant to tide her over the period when she was
to procure buyers for the Development. We found it hard to imagine that the
Respondent would lend such large sums of money to the Appellant, given that
they did not know each other at all before this transaction and their
relationship was entirely an arms-length professional relationship.
Furthermore, the first payment of $145,956.70 was in fact exactly one-third of
the agreed commission of $437,870.10. The precise amount of the first payment,
right down to the last seventy cents, and its relation to the agreed
commission would appear to suggest that this payment was more likely to be a
part payment of the commission rather than a friendly loan.

27 The Respondent was also unable to tell us what the terms of the purported
loan were. He claimed that these purported loans were advances on the
commission amounts due to the Appellant upon successful resale of the
Development, and that they would be offset from the commission monies actually
due to her upon resale. If this were so, then he should have demanded the
repayment of the purported loans when the Appellant failed to resell the
Development for him. According to the letter of 31 October 2008 referred to
above at [25], her exclusive mandate was to expire on 30 November 2008, and if
the Respondent’s explanation were true he should have then issued her a letter
of demand for repayment of the purported loans. He did no such thing, and the
next instance of correspondence between the parties was only on 13 January
2009 when the Appellant, _via_ her solicitors, issued him with her own letter
of demand for the balance commission. The Respondent replied _via_ his
solicitors in a letter of 22 January 2009 stating that he denied having agreed
to pay the Appellant any form of commission for the purchase of the
Development, and demanded that the Appellant repay the loans. In the same
letter, the Respondent also failed to clarify that the commission was only due
upon the resale of the Development, and furthermore, his demand of the loan
monies was reactive to the Appellant’s letter of demand, not proactive as one
would have expected from a creditor who was owed such a large sum of money.

28 Having considered all the objective factual circumstances alluded to above,
we had ineluctably come to the conclusion that the Appellant’s version of
events was more likely to be true. In contrast, the Respondent’s claim that
the commission due in respect of the Price Reduction Services was only payable
if the Appellant managed to resell the Development simply could not hold.

29 For the reasons above, we found that the Appellant’s version of events was
more plausible. There was a contract made between the parties to pay the
Appellant a commission of $437,870.10, it being due to her for her efforts in
procuring a discount on the purchase price of the Development, and were
payable upon the Respondent’s successful completion of purchase of the
Development on 24 October 2007. As the Appellant had already received
$165,956.70 from the Respondent, judgment was therefore entered in her favour
for the outstanding balance of $271,913.40 with interest at 5.33% from the
date of the writ. Costs here and below were also awarded to the Appellant.

* * *

[note: 1]See the Appellant’s Core Bundle vol II (“2ACB”), p 42.

[note: 2]_Ibid_.

[note: 3]Affidavit of Evidence in Chief of Ho Kiau Seng affirmed on 13 January
2010 in Record of Appeal vol III Part A, p 99-100.

[note: 4]See 2ACB, p 35.

[note: 5]See Respondent’s Case at paras 208-209.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 06 Sep 2011 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

