Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Chia Foong Lin and another _v_ Chan Yuen Yee Alexia Eve  
[2011] SGHC 261

Case Number| :| Originating Summons No 350 of 2011  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 12 December 2011  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Choo Han Teck J  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Deborah Barker SC and Tan Spring (KhattarWong) for the
plaintiff; Vinodh S Coomaraswamy SC and Eng Zixuan Edmund (Shook Lin & Bok
LLP) for the defendant.  
Parties| :|  Chia Foong Lin and another — Chan Yuen Yee Alexia Eve  
  
12 December 2011| Judgment reserved.  
---|---  
  
Choo Han Teck J:

1 The parties are neighbours staying at Oei Tiong Ham Park. The properties are
separated by a private road (the “easement road”), which is part of the
defendant’s property [23 Oei Tiong Ham Park Singapore 267028 (“No 23”)]. The
plaintiffs enjoy a right of way over it as owners of the dominant tenement [22
Oei Tiong Ham Park Singapore 267027 (“No 22”)]. The easement road is the only
means of access between both properties and Oei Tiong Ham Park (the “public
road”).

2 The parties commenced reconstruction works of their properties in the middle
of 2010, which resulted in a number of disputes between them. In
reconstructing No 22, the plaintiffs relocated its gate further away from the
public road. The plaintiffs’ actions prompted the defendant to bring
Originating Summons No 46 of 2011/X (“OS 46”), dated 20 January 2011. In OS
46, the defendant prayed for, _inter alia_ , a declaration that the relocation
of the plaintiffs’ gate was in excess of their rights under the easement over
part of the defendant’s property, and that this constituted an undue
interference with the defendant’s reasonable enjoyment of her property. She
also asked for a declaration that she be permitted to construct an automatic
gate between the public road and the easement road (“the easement gate”). As
part of the defendant’s plans to rebuild No 23, a “porch and angled wall” were
to be built at the end of the easement road. This led to the plaintiffs
commencing Originating Summons No 85 of 2011/P (“OS 85”) on 2 February 2011
which prayed, _inter alia_ , for an injunction restraining the defendant from
building the proposed porch and angled wall, or any other structure which
encroaches on the easement road.

3 I heard OS 46 and OS 85 together on 31 March 2011 and 6 April 2011, and
dismissed the parties’ respective applications. Following this, the defendant
dropped her plans to build the porch and angled wall. In April 2011, she began
building a wall on a grass verge which is part of the easement on the side of
No 23 (“the kerb wall”). The plaintiffs objected to the construction of the
kerb wall. They claimed that they could previously reverse their cars out of
No 22, with the car boot protruding over the kerb and onto the grass verge,
both of which were on the opposite side of the easement road from No 22. This
allowed them enough space to then drive out of the easement road head-first.
However, the construction of the kerb wall prevents this manoeuvre. The
plaintiffs complained they would now have to reverse all the way along the
easement road onto the public road, thereby posing a danger to both life and
property. They claimed that the kerb wall constitutes an interference with
their reasonable enjoyment of the easement.

4 As a result, the plaintiffs brought Originating Summons No 350 of 2011/W
(“OS 350”) on 6 May 2011. This is the current action. Before OS 350 could be
heard, the plaintiffs applied for an interim injunction in Summons No 1971 of
2011/D (“SUM 1971”) to restrain the defendant from building or continuing to
build the kerb wall. I heard the parties on 9–10 May 2011 and visited the
properties in the afternoon of 9 May 2011. I then dismissed the plaintiffs’
application. They appealed against my decision in Civil Appeal 57 of 2011/Z
but the appeal was dismissed. Subsequently, in Originating Summons 371 of
2011/L (“OS 371”), the plaintiffs applied successfully to the Court of Appeal
for an extension of time to appeal against my decision in OS 85. The
plaintiffs’ prayers in these OS 350 proceedings concern their claim that their
enjoyment of the easement road is or will be substantially interfered by the
following: first, the construction of the kerb wall; second, the easement
gate; third, the defendant’s intended parking of her cars on the easement
road; fourth, the defendant’s intention to allow her children to play on the
easement road; lastly, the defendant’s construction of a meter box at the
front of the easement gate. I shall deal with each of them in turn.

5 In praying for an injunction ordering the defendant to demolish her kerb
wall, the plaintiffs are claiming that their right of way over the easement
road includes a right to reverse out of their property such that they can
drive head-first along the easement road to the public road. The defendant has
submitted that the first issue is _res judicata_. Issue estoppel is one of
three aspects of the overarching doctrine of _res judicata_ , the other two
being cause of action estoppel and the defence of abuse of process. As far as
issue estoppel is concerned, the Court of Appeal in _Lee Tat Development Pte
Ltd v Management Corporation Strata Title Plan No 301_ [2005] 3 SLR(R) 157
held, the party pleading issue estoppel has to prove the following:

(a)

There is a final and conclusive judgment on the merits;

(b)

the judgment must be of a court of competent jurisdiction;

(c)

there is identity between the parties to the two actions that are being
compared; and

(d)

there is identity of subject matter in the two proceedings. The previous
determination in question must have been central and not merely collateral to
the previous decision. The issue must have been raised and argued.

I had made a final and conclusive judgment on the merits after I heard OS 46
and OS 85. The decision in OS 46 and OS 85 was also delivered from a court of
competent jurisdiction. Furthermore, the parties in the previous and current
set of proceedings are the same. The issue was whether there is identity of
subject matter. In _Goh Nellie v Goh Lian Teck and others_ [2007] 1 SLR(R) 453
at [34] to [35] and [38] (“ _Goh Nellie_ ”), Sundaresh Menon JC held this
issue comprised three separate “conceptual strands”. First, the prior decision
must traverse the same ground as the subsequent proceeding. The facts and
circumstances giving rise to the earlier decision must not have changed or
should be incapable of change. Second, the previous determination in question
must have been fundamental and not merely collateral to the previous decision
so that the decision could not stand without that determination. Third, the
issue in question should be shown in fact to have been raised and argued. The
plaintiffs have raised several arguments as to why this limb is not satisfied.
First, Miss Barker SC submitted on their behalf that when I dismissed the
parties’ applications in OS 46 and OS 85, I had given them liberty to apply
“should fresh work not presently identified arise which might affect the use
and enjoyment of land and property of the respective parties”[note: 1]. The
plaintiffs asserted that the kerb wall was not before me previously as OS 85
was solely about the porch and angled wall. Therefore, the kerb wall
constituted a “fresh work not presently identified” and was consequently a
basis for a new application. Contrary to the plaintiffs’ submissions, the
defendant argued that the scope of OS 85 covered more than the porch and
angled wall. The third prayer of the plaintiffs’ OS 85 (“Prayer 3”) was for
the defendant to “redesign and if necessary rebuild the proposed Porch and
Angled Wall or any other structure near the Easement so that the Easement will
not be encroached upon”[note: 2]. In addition, the plaintiffs made an oral
application to me during OS 46 and OS 85 to include an additional prayer for
“a declaration that the Defendant is not entitled to build any structure or
create any obstruction on the Easement and/or otherwise interfere with the
Plaintiffs’ reasonable enjoyment of the Easement”. I did not grant the
application because it was superfluous given that Prayer 3 was wide enough to
cover the kerb wall. If Prayer 3 extends to “any other structure near the
Easement”, it would certainly extend to the kerb wall as well. The parties
should be aware that this was my position, given that I had stated the
following in SUM 1971[note: 3]:

When Ms Barker appeared before me on [SUM 1971] she submitted that the
plaintiff only found out very recently that the wall had been built. In this
regard, I think that they ought to have expected it because that was the
likely consequence of my decision in the previous application.

6 The second argument of the plaintiffs was based on my observation in OS 85
that “the flower trough that runs alongside the wall of 23 Oei Tiong Ham Park
would be removed and a 1.8m wall constructed on it”[note: 4]. I also noted
that, “[a]s to replacing the flower trough with a wall, there would be no
encroachment onto the road. If it would make driving on the road a sense of
driving in a tunnel, it was not an experience that can be said to be
unreasonably intolerable”[note: 5]. Counsel for the plaintiffs thus argued
that no evidence and/or arguments were made as to the kerb wall’s impact on
their means of entering and exiting No 22. She submitted that I had ruled on
the kerb wall only based on the “tunnel effect”. I do not think that the
argument was valid. First, evidence and submissions about the kerb wall were
present before me then. The first plaintiff deposed that[note: 6]:

… it should be noted that turning into our house with the existing kerb and
planters will be much easier than turning with a built-up imposing wall of 1.8
m in height within the Easement narrowing our access. _Even if her new 1.8 m
walls are built exactly where the existing kerb and planters are_ , it will be
difficult and inconvenient for us to turn into our house as we will have to
constantly worry about not going too close to and damaging her new walls.

[emphasis added]

In this context, counsel for the plaintiffs submitted that “We want to stop No
22 from building wall (sic) on grass verge. It stops cars from driving
close”[note: 7]. I am of the view that the plaintiffs mistook the decision in
OS 85 to be solely on the “tunnel effect” of the kerb wall. Indeed, when I
gave my decision in SUM 1971, I made it clear to the parties I had dismissed
the application on two grounds[note: 8]:

I declined the plaintiff’s application in the previous application because the
argument before me was the wall will prevent vehicle from entering and leaving
the plaintiff’s house; and secondly, that the construction of a wall will
create a tunnel effect. _The photographs produced before me showed trucks
leaving the plaintiff’s house and so the first objection failed to persuade
me._ The tunnel effect was… not a sound reason for an injunction.

[emphasis added]

The plaintiffs have argued that the wall adjudicated upon in OS 85 was the
porch and angled wall, not the kerb wall. However, this is undermined by Miss
Barker S.C.’s submissions on the “tunnel effect” of the wall, which clearly
show that the plaintiffs had envisaged a wall running along the easement road.
This suffices for there to be identity of subject matter.

7 Second, issue estoppel can arise only with respect to issues that a court
has actually addressed and determined, and only if the issues were essential
to the disposition of the cause in question (see above at [5]). It does not
mean that arguments not made in respect of those issues can be raised
subsequently. I agree with Menon JC who held in _Goh Nellie_ at [29] that:

… where a litigant raises a point but either concedes or fails to argue it,
issue estoppel may still arise in respect of the point conceded or not argued:
_Khan v Golechha International Ltd_ [1980] 1WLR 1482; _SCF Finance Co Ltd v
Masri (No 3)_ [1987] QB 1028; _Linprint Pty Ltd v Hexham Textiles Pty Ltd_
(1991) 23 NSWLR 508 (“Linprint”); _Setiadi Hendrawan v OCBC Securities Pte
Ltd_ [2001] 3 SLR(R) 296 (“Hendrawan Setiadi”).

I was presented with evidence that showed vehicles could freely enter and exit
No 22. The vehicles did so head-first out of No 22. When I heard OS 46 and OS
85, it was not argued then that the kerb wall would prevent cars from
reversing out of the property in a way that the cars can then drive head-first
along the easement road. Indeed, the evidence suggested the plaintiffs’ use of
the right of way did not involve them driving their cars out of the property
in such a manner. The second plaintiff deposed[note: 9]:

44.4 We have always driven in and out of our compound head-first in the
interest of safety in the past, doing a 3-point turn in our compound. We
intend to continue with this familiar practice, which has been proven to be a
safe practice all these years.

The argument about the kerb wall preventing cars from reversing out of No 22
was only made when I heard SUM 1971, by which time I had already given my
decision in OS 46 and OS 85 in which I noted that reversing a car out of No 22
was difficult but could be done. This meant that it would appear to be a
substantial inconvenience to the plaintiffs. I visited the site for the
purposes of hearing SUM 1971 because issue estoppel was not then raised before
me.

8 The plaintiffs’ alternative argument, to the issue estoppel argument, was
based on the _Arnold_ exception articulated in _Arnold and others v National
Westminister Bank plc_ [1991] 2 AC 93 and accepted by the Court of Appeal in
_Management Corporation Strata Title Plan No. 301 v Lee Tat Development Pte
Ltd_ [2011] 1 SLR 998:

… where further material became available which was relevant to the correct
determination of a point involved in earlier proceedings but could not, by
reasonable diligence, have been brought forward in those proceedings, it gave
rise to an exception to issue estoppels, whether or not the point had been
specifically raised and decided

The plaintiffs could have but did not make their submissions in a manner that
allowed me to appreciate the impact of the kerb wall. Therefore, the _Arnold_
exception does not, in my view, apply. The Court of Appeal in OS 371 granted
the plaintiffs an extension of time to appeal against my decision in OS 85.
The proper forum for the plaintiffs to submit their arguments on the kerb wall
is before the Court of Appeal in CA 103, lest there be a conflict between the
findings of the two courts in two related, but ultimately separate, actions.
As such, I decline to address the issue of the kerb wall on the grounds of
issue estoppel.

9 In relation to the easement gate, I held in OS 46 that:

… in my view, the construction of a gate was within any owner’s right. It
becomes unreasonable only if the dominant tenement was thereby unreasonably
preclude from the easement or has his use rendered unreasonably inconvenient.
In the present case, the gate will be operated by a remote control key which
is being offered to Mr and Mrs Wee. In the circumstances, I do not think that
a declaration was necessary. I therefore make no order as to this application
for the time being.

10 Unlike the other prayers in OS 46 and OS 85, which I dismissed, I preferred
not to make an order here. My reason was that the easement gate had not been
built so it was premature then for me to rule on the issue. As I had not
granted an order, it was within the defendant’s right to build on her property
so long as she did not substantially interfere with the plaintiffs’ reasonable
enjoyment of the easement road. It is well-established that trivial or
temporary infringements will not justify an injunction per _Cowper v Laidler_
[1903] 2 Ch 341. There must be some substantial interference with the
enjoyment of the easement, and not merely injury to the servient land. The
test of actionable interference in the context of gates is whether the right
of way is “locked against enjoyment” per _Sunset Properties Pty Ltd v
Johnston_ (1975) 3 BPR 9185, 9195. The right is not infringed if the dominant
owner is provided with a key. In _Lian Kok Hong v Lee Choi Kheong and Others_
[2009] SGHC 18, I ruled that the erection of a common gate at an access road
does not amount to an actionable interference with a right of way if the owner
of the dominant tenement is permitted to pass freely. This ruling still stands
despite the Court of Appeal’s reversal of part of my decision in _Lian Kok
Hong v Lee Choi Kheong and others_ [2010] 3 SLR 378 as the gate was not a
subject of the appeal.

11 In support of their case that the “locking of a gate/barrier could readily
constitute an actionable nuisance even if the keys were made available”[note:
10], the plaintiffs have cited two English cases: _Guest’s Estates Ltd v
Milner’s Safes Ltd_ [1911] 28 TLR 59 (“ _Guest’s Estates_ ”) and _Rafique and
others v The Trustees of The Walton Estate_ [1992] 65 P & CR 356 (“ _Rafique_
”). Neither case persuaded me. _Rafique_ was an application for an interim
injunction from the dominant tenement to restrain the servient tenement from
building on a right of way. Therefore, the court was applying the test for
interim injunctions articulated in _American Cyanamid Co v Ethicon Ltd_ [1975]
AC 396, not the “substantial interference” test. The case can thus be
distinguished from the present dispute. In _Guest’s Estate_ , Swinfen Eady J
found that where a person was entitled to a free right of way, it was an
obstruction to keep the gate locked. He was also of the view that it was no
answer to say that keys would be supplied. I agree that it is inconvenient to
have to carry a key as opposed to not carrying one, but I do not think that it
is such a great inconvenience that it should prevent the owner of a property
from erecting a gate across a right of way. Furthermore, the defendant offered
to provide the plaintiffs with their own set of keys. She also offered to
install an intercom for visitors to communicate with No 22. Second, the
easement gate will only be closed at certain times, for example, when the
defendant’s children wish to play on the easement road. Third, there is a
side-gate which allows pedestrians access to the properties. This will be
accessible at all times to visitors on foot to No 22. The plaintiffs have
expressed concerned they will be locked out or locked in if the gate mechanism
breaks down. This is mitigated by the fact that there is a manual override
system. The plaintiffs argue that this would still be inconvenient but the
fear of breakdown and the inconvenience of using a manual override system have
not stopped the plaintiffs from building their own automatic gate for No 22. I
am therefore of the view that the defendant is entitled to construct the
easement gate.

12 In my view, defendant’s intention to park her cars on the easement road
also would not constitute a substantial interference with the plaintiffs’
right of way. Photographs showed that cars could still enter and exit the
properties so long as cars were not parked directly opposite the gates of the
properties. The plaintiffs submit the parking of cars would be akin to
building a wall on the easement road, but a wall is an immovable object
whereas a car is movable. Should the plaintiffs ever need to use the entire
width of the easement road on occasion, they can reasonably expect the
defendant and family to temporarily move their cars away. Accordingly, I do
not think that the defendant should be ordered not to park her cars on the
easement road.

13 As the defendant and her family have not moved into No 22, and so her
children have not begun playing on the easement road, the plaintiffs are
essentially asking for a _quia timet_ injunction to stop the defendant’s
children from ever playing on the easement road. In _Lee Tat Development Pte
Ltd v Management Corporation Strata Title Plan No 301_ [2009] 1 SLR(R) 875 at
[26], the Court of Appeal cited its earlier decision in _Collin Development
(Pte) Ltd v Hong Leong Holdings Ltd_ [1974–1976] SLR(R) 806:

… It is conceded that for the owner of a dominant tenement to succeed in an
application for a _quia timet_ injunction, _he has to show there is likely to
be a substantial interference with his enjoyment of the right of way granted
to him over the servient tenement._ The answer to that question depends upon
the nature of the right of way, of the _locus in quo_ , and upon the general
circumstances of the case.

[emphasis added]

I do not think that the defendant’s children playing in their own land on the
easement road would be a substantial interference with the plaintiffs’
enjoyment of the right of way. The courts do not regulate in advance the
responsibility of parents over their children nor the responsibility of
drivers in private property. Consequently, I decline to grant an injunction
restraining the defendant’s children from playing on the easement road.
Finally, I do not think that the construction of the meter box at the easement
gate amounts to a substantial interference with the right of way. The first
plaintiff deposed[note: 11]:

12 The Defendant has now built a meter box on the Easement where there were
once plants…

13 The Defendant’s old meters like those of ours were formerly within her own
house compounds. Her meter box should relocate to her new gate pillar within
her own house compound. She should not then close the gate so her meter-
reading personnel can walk up to her meter like for our house too. I standby
the fact that we did not and still do not have precise plans from her. The
meter box plan was again not openly shared …

She also deposed in a further affidavit[note: 12]:

The meter box should be at [the defendant’s] boundary, not at least 20m down
the Easement, on Easement land. These new works should not be allowed, they
take away our right to enjoy the 8m by 31m Easement.

In the written submissions of the plaintiffs’ counsel, the only reference to
the meter box was that –

[t]he Defendant has already proceeded to build her new meter box on the
Easement where the flower trough used to be … it appears that the Defendant
intends to build a pedestrian gate adjacent to this meter box[note: 13].

The plaintiffs have asserted that the meter box encroaches onto the easement
road but they have not explained how the meter box constitutes a substantial
interference with their right of way. Looking at the evidence, I do not think
that it would be an interference at all. Further, by the first plaintiff’s own
admission, there were concrete planter boxes where the meter box will be. This
meant that that part of the right of way had already been inaccessible to
pedestrians and vehicles. I therefore decline to grant the plaintiffs’
application for an injunction in relation to the meter wall.

14 I dismiss the plaintiffs’ claim with costs to the defendant, to be taxed if
not agreed.

* * *

[note: 1]Notes of Argument dated 6 April 2011 p 4 at [12]

[note: 2]Originating Summons 86 of 2011/P p2 at [3]

[note: 3]Notes of Argument dated 10 May 2011 pp 1 – 2 at [3]

[note: 4]Notes of Argument p 7 at [3]

[note: 5]Notes of Argument dated 31 March 2011 p 9 at [9]

[note: 6]Affidavit of Dr Chia Foong Lin dated 30 March 2011

[note: 7]Notes of Argument dated 31 March 2011 p 5

[note: 8]Notes of Argument dated 10 May 2011 p 1 at [2]

[note: 9]Affidavit of Dr Wee Siew Bock dated 8 February 2011

[note: 10]Plaintiffs’ Written Submission, on 4 November 2011, at [25]

[note: 11]Affidavit of Dr Chia Foong Lin dated 5 September 2011 at [12] to
[13]

[note: 12]Affidavit of Dr Chia Foong Lin dated 17 October 2011 at [8]

[note: 13]Written Submissions of Plaintiff dated 22 September 2011 at [58]

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 12 Dec 2011 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

