Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Ang Tin Yong _v_ Ang Boon Chye and another  
[2011] SGCA 60

Case Number| :| Civil Appeal No 209 of 2010  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 04 November 2011  
Tribunal/Court| :| Court of Appeal  
Coram| :|  Chao Hick Tin JA; Andrew Phang Boon Leong JA  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Mr Andrew Tan Tiong Gee and Ms Anna Png (Andrew Tan Tiong
Gee & Co.) for the Appellant; Mr Mak Kok Weng (Mak & Partners) for the
Respondents.  
Parties| :|  Ang Tin Yong — Ang Boon Chye and another  
  
[LawNet Editorial Note: This was an appeal from the decision of the High Court
in [2011] SGHC 124.]

4 November 2011|  
---|---  
  
Chao Hick Tin JA (delivering the grounds of decision of the court):

Introduction

1 This appeal arose out of an application by Ang Boon Chye and Wong Kee Yock
(“the Respondents”) for leave to apply for an order of committal against Ang
Tin Yong (“the Appellant”) under O 52 of the Rules of Court (Cap 322, R 5,
2006 Rev Ed) (“the Rules of Court”). The trial judge (“the Judge”) granted
leave to the Respondents to apply for a committal order against the Appellant.
After hearing the parties, we allowed the appeal and set aside the leave
granted to the Respondents to apply for a committal order. We now give our
reasons.

The background

2 The Appellant and the Respondents were in a partnership operating a food
centre business known as the “All Family Food Court”. The partnership
comprised five partners. It made profits during the years 1999 to 2004 and the
profits were distributed amongst the partners yearly. However, to evade tax,
the partners falsified their partnership accounts to declare a loss or under-
declare the partnership’s income. The Inland Revenue Authority of Singapore
(“IRAS”) eventually found out about this, and it served all the partners with
Notices of Additional Assessment and taxed the Respondents on the additional
income received.

3 The Respondents then brought a suit in the High Court against the Appellant
to seek, amongst other reliefs, an account and inquiry of all partnership
transactions during the years 1999 to 2004 and a payment of their rightful
share of the partnership profits and interest on the tax they had paid. In
_Ang Boon Chye & another v Ang Tin Yong_ [2008] SGHC 177, a judgment dated 21
October 2008, the High Court, having ruled that the Respondents were not
unaware of the improper practice of under-reporting to IRAS adopted by the
Appellant, ordered at [35]:

[T]hat an account be taken of all transactions of the partnership for the
period 1999 – 2004. If it is found that some partners have not been paid their
full share of the profits, then subject to stale claims for specific sums
being barred by the Limitation Act, they should be paid their proper share.

4 Thereafter the Respondents applied for an order requiring the Appellant to
lodge an account by 2 April 2009 in respect of all partnership transactions
effected for the period 1999 to 2004 and to give the Respondents access to all
books, vouchers, bank statements and other documents in his possession which
related to the accounts. On 1 December 2008, the Assistant Registrar granted
the order (“the AR’s Order”). An appeal by the Appellant against the AR’s
Order was dismissed by the High Court on 5 January 2009.

5 On 23 September 2010, the Respondents filed a summons for leave to apply for
committal against the Appellant (“the Leave Application”) and a Statement
pursuant to O 52 r 2(2) of the Rules of Court (“the Statement”) stating the
grounds in support of their application. In the Statement, the Respondents
averred that the Appellant had failed to comply with the AR’s Order, and in
the affidavit filed, the Respondents affirmed that they had still not been
paid their proper share of the partnership profits. In response, the Appellant
filed an affidavit opposing the Respondents’ application stating, amongst
others, that the Statement was defective for lack of particulars, and that in
any case the Respondents had since retired from the partnership and had in a
retirement deed assigned away all their “share and interest” in the
partnership.

6 At this juncture, we ought to highlight the very material development in the
relationship between the parties which was alluded to by the Appellant in his
affidavit (see [5] above) to resist the Leave Application. This was that
before the Respondents made the Leave Application, they had already decided to
retire from the partnership and in pursuance thereof had reached a settlement
with the Appellant and the other two partners. Consequently, on 8 August 2009,
one year before the Leave Application was made, the Respondents executed a
deed with the other partners (“the Deed”) under which the Respondents would be
deemed to have retired from the partnership on 31 July 2009 and it was also
provided that the Respondents would, for a specified consideration, assign all
their shares and interest in the partnership to the continuing partners,
amongst whom was the Appellant.

Decision of the Judge below

7 On 8 November 2010, the Judge who heard the Leave Application, granted leave
to the Respondents to commence contempt proceedings against the Appellant for
his failure to comply with the AR’s Order. In his grounds of decision, the
Judge held that the Appellant had simply failed to explain his failure to
comply with the AR’s Order and that although, pursuant to the settlement as
evidenced by the Deed, the Respondents had no more interest in the partnership
accounts, the fact remained that the Appellant had not complied with the AR’s
Order. The Judge also held that the Respondents’ retirement from the
partnership did not release the Appellant from his obligation to provide
accounts as ordered and did not extinguish the Respondents’ right to take
action on the Appellant’s failure to comply with the AR’s Order.

Issues

8 The Appellant appealed against the Judge’s decision to grant leave. He
argued in this appeal that the Respondents no longer had any _locus standi_ to
obtain leave to enforce the judgment they had previously obtained because they
had reached an overall settlement with the Appellant and the other partners on
their dispute relating to the partnership. Pursuant thereto, the Respondents
had retired from the partnership and had transferred all their shares and
interest in the partnership to the other continuing partners for
consideration. The alternative argument made by the Appellant to resist the
Leave Application was that the Statement was defective as it lacked
particulars, having failed to specifically state the exact nature of the
breaches and the nature and format of the accounts required to be produced
under the AR’s Order.

Whether the Respondents had _locus standi_ to seek leave to commence committal
proceedings

9 We will first deal with the main issue of whether the Respondents lacked
_locus standi_ to apply for leave to enforce the AR’s Order. To determine this
issue, a prior question to be addressed is whether the Respondents had, under
the Deed, assigned away all their rights and interest in the partnership. If
the Respondents had indeed so assigned away their rights and interest in the
partnership, the next question would be whether it necessarily followed that
they no longer had the _locus standi_ to seek leave to commence committal
proceedings against the Appellant. At this juncture, it would be appropriate
to set out the pertinent clauses of the Deed:

2\. A balance sheet as at the Succession Date [_ie_ , 31 July 2009] and a
profit and loss account from the date when the last partnership account was
taken to the Succession Date shall be prepared by the partnership as soon as
reasonably possible after the Succession Date.

3\. Any undrawn balance of the Outgoing Partners’ share of the net profits of
the partnership for the period since the date when the last partnership
account was taken to the Succession Date ... be paid to the Outgoing Partners
in accordance with their share in the Partnership within seven {7} days ...

4\. In consideration of the price of SGD 150,000.00 to be paid to each of the
Outgoing Partners in the manner provided for in Clause 5 hereof the Outgoing
Partners hereby assign to the Continuing Partners all the share and interest
of the Outgoing Partners of and in the goodwill book debts and credits and all
property of or belonging to the parties hereto in connection with the
partnership to hold unto the Continuing Partners in equal shares.

10 What is the intent and scope of the Deed? This would, of course, depend on
the proper construction of the document. In _Zurich Insurance (Singapore) Pte
Ltd v B-Gold Interior Design & Construction Pte Ltd_ [2008] 3 SLR(R) 1029 (“
_Zurich Insurance_ ”) this court had the occasion to consider the principles
governing the construction of contracts and it endorsed (at [131]) the
following principles set out by Gerard McMeel, _The Construction of Contracts:
Interpretation, Implication and Rectification_ (Oxford University Press, 2007)
at paras 1.124–1.133:

**_The aim of construction_**

First, the aim of the exercise of construction of a contract or other document
is to ascertain the meaning which it would convey to a reasonable business
person.

**_The objective principle_**

Secondly, the _objective principle_ is therefore critical in defining the
approach the courts will take. They are concerned usually with the expressed
intentions of a person, not his or her actual intentions. The standpoint
adopted is that of a reasonable reader. [See in this regard the earlier
discussion at [125]–[127] above].

**_The holistic or ‘whole contract’ approach_**

Thirdly, the exercise is one based on the _whole contract_ or an _holistic
approach_. Courts are not excessively focused upon a particular word, phrase,
sentence, or clause. Rather the emphasis is on the document or utterance as a
whole.

**_The contextual dimension_**

Fourthly, the exercise in construction is informed by the _surrounding
circumstances_ or _external context_. Modern judges are prepared to look
beyond the four corners of a document, or the bare words of an utterance. It
is permissible to have regard to the _legal, regulatory, and factual matrix_
which constitutes the background in which the document was drafted or the
utterance was made.

**_Business purpose_**

Fifthly, within this framework due consideration is given to the _commercial
purpose_ of the transaction or provision. The courts have regard to the
overall purpose of the parties with respect to a particular transaction, or
more narrowly the reason why a particular obligation was undertaken.

...

**_Avoiding unreasonable results_**

Eighthly, a construction which leads to very unreasonable results is to be
avoided unless it is required by clear words and there is no other tenable
construction.

[emphasis in original]

11 Clearly, an objective approach must be taken to determine the intentions of
the contracting parties as expressed in the document. What must be sought is
the meaning that the contract conveys to a reasonable person having the
background knowledge that would have been reasonably available to him. A
holistic approach must be taken and regard must also be had to the commercial
purpose of the contract and circumstances in which the contract was made (see
Kim Lewison, _The Interpretation of Contracts_ (Sweet & Maxwell, 4th Ed, 2007)
at paras 2.02, 2.03 and 2.07).

12 The Deed was an agreement between the parties (plus two other persons who
were partners in the partnership) who were in a commercial relationship. It
was clear from a perusal of the Deed that its object was to effect a clean
break of the partnership relationship between the continuing partners and the
outgoing partners. Construing the Deed in such a manner would accord with
business common sense and its commercial purposes. In _Mannai Investment Co v
Eagle Star Life Assurance Co Ltd_ [1997] AC 749, Lord Steyn endorsed such an
approach to interpreting commercial contracts. He stated at 771:

_In determining the meaning of the language of a commercial contract, ... the
law therefore generally favours a commercially sensible construction. The
reason for this approach is that a commercial construction is more likely to
give effect to the intention of the parties._ Words are therefore interpreted
in the way in which a reasonable commercial person would construe them. And
the standard of the reasonable commercial person is hostile to technical
interpretations and undue emphasis on niceties of language.

[emphasis added]

13 It was not in dispute that the balance sheet and the profit and loss
account envisaged under cl 2 of the Deed had been prepared and furnished to
the parties to the Deed. No issue had been raised that the payment which was
required to be made to the outgoing partners under cl 3 had been effected.
Clause 4 of the Deed expressly stated that in consideration of the payment of
$150,000 to each of the Respondents, the Respondents would assign all their
“share and interest of ... and in the goodwill book debts and credits and all
property of or belonging to the parties ... in connection with the
partnership”, to the continuing partners (which included the Appellant). While
we would not say that this clause is a model of clarity, it is nevertheless
apparent, on a plain reading of those underscored words, that upon receipt of
the payment of $150,000 by each of the Respondents, they would have no more
rights or interest in the partnership accounts or assets. Keeping in mind the
object of the arrangement encapsulated in the Deed, it would follow that
whatever interest the Respondents might have in pursuing the AR’s order would
have been subsumed under the settlement accord set out in the Deed. To suggest
that after the Deed had been executed the Respondents still retained some
interest in the partnership assets or accounts, would go against good
commercial sense and the plain terms of the Deed.

14 The duty to disclose and render accounts of partnership transactions arises
out of the fiduciary relationship which exists between partners (see Yeo Hwee
Ying, _Partnership Law in Singapore_ (LexisNexis, 2000) at p 174). This right
is in fact reflected in s 28 of the Partnership Act (Cap 391, Rev Ed 1994).
Partners can institute an action against other partners to obtain an account
of transactions concerning the partnership. Also, in _Lindley & Banks on
Partnership_ (Sweet & Maxwell, 17th Ed, 1995) at para 23-75, Lord Lindley
wrote: “[t]he right of every partner to have an account from his co-partners
of their dealings and transaction is too obvious to require comment.”
Therefore, an order for an account of partnership transactions is a relief
sought as between _partners_. At the time when the AR’s Order was made, the
Respondents were still partners (together with the Appellant and two others)
of the partnership and had an interest in the accounts and assets of the
partnership. Up to that point, the Respondents would have been entitled to
enforce the AR’s Order by way of an application for committal. However, upon
retiring from the partnership and assigning all their rights and interest in
it for consideration as set out in the Deed, the Respondents would have had no
more interest in the partnership accounts or property. Neither would they have
any more interest in enforcing the AR’s Order. To grant leave to enable the
Respondents to enforce the AR’s Order in such circumstances would be an
exercise in futility and in breach of the spirit of the Deed, and indeed of an
implied term of the Deed. The two oft-cited tests applied to determine if a
term should be implied into a contract are the “business efficacy” test set
out in _The Moorcock_ (1889) LR 14 PD 64 at 68 and the “officious bystander”
test set out in _Shirlaw v Southern Foundries (1926) Ltd_ [1939] 2 KB 206 at
227. The former would imply a term if it was necessary to give efficacy to a
contract while the latter would imply a term if it was so obviously a
stipulation in the agreement that parties must have intended it to form part
of their contract (see _Chitty on Contracts_ vol 1 (Sweet & Maxwell, 30th Ed,
2008) at paras 13-005 and 13-007). Both these tests are complementary (see
_Panwah Steel Pte Ltd v Koh Brothers Building & Civil Engineering Contractor
(Pte) Ltd_ [2006] 4 SLR(R) 571 at [11]). We had no doubt that at the time the
Deed was entered into by the parties, if an officious bystander were to
suggest that they include an express provision providing that the AR’s Order
be extinguished upon execution of the Deed, their unified response would have
been “oh, of course”. Likewise it cannot be disputed that this term would be
necessary to give business efficacy to the Deed. Implying such a term would
accord with the parties’ intentions when they entered into the Deed.

15 We noted the Respondents’ argument that although they had assigned their
shares and interest in the partnership pursuant to cl 4 of the Deed, they did
not assign or waive their rights under the AR’s Order that an account be taken
of the partnership transactions between 1999 and 2004. But having regard to
the Deed, what purpose would the taking of accounts serve as the Respondents
had no more interest in the partnership? The Respondents seemed to be arguing
that they still retained the right to enforce the AR’s Order notwithstanding
the settlement accord reflected in the Deed. The Judge would appear to have
also taken this view. In our opinion, this approach is flawed because it
looked only at the form rather than the substance of the matter. We would
reiterate: the Respondents had no more interest in the partnership accounts
and assets. The persons who collectively had all the interest in the accounts
and assets of the partnership were not asking that an account be taken in
respect of the transactions effected by the partnership between 1999 and 2004.
For the Respondents, one year after the settlement had been reached, to seek
to enforce the AR’s Order by way of contempt smacked of bad faith. The court
would not allow its process to be used for such an improper collateral
purpose. That the court retains an inherent jurisdiction to prevent an abuse
of its processes has been established by this court in _Lai Shit Har and
another v Lau Yu Man_ [2008] 4 SLR(R) 348 at [22] (“ _Lai Shit Har_ ”). The
court in _Lai Shit Har_ affirmed the view in _Chee Siok Chin v Minister for
Home Affairs_ [2006] 1 SLR(R) 582 at [34] (“ _Chee Siok Chin_ ”) that it would
amount to a clear abuse of process where “the _process of the court is not
being fairly or honestly used but is employed instead for some ulterior or
improper purpose or in an improper way_ ” [emphasis in original]. _Chee Siok
Chin_ was followed by this court in _NCC International AB v Alliance Concrete
Singapore Pte Ltd_ [2008] 2 SLR(R) 565 at [71].

16 We will now briefly address the cases relied upon by the parties. The
authority of _Kuo_ _Ching_ _Yun and another v H & L Investments Holding Pte
Ltd_ [1995] 3 SLR(R) 276 (“ _Kuo_ _Ching_ _Yun_ ”) was cited by the Appellant.
However, we did not think that _Kuo_ _Ching_ _Yun_ was of much assistance as
in that case there was no clause like cl 4 of the Deed. Further, unlike in the
present case where the assignment was made in writing, in _Kuo_ _Ching_ _Yun_
, the assignment was oral and what arose for consideration were issues
relating to the form of that assignment. On the other hand, the Respondents
relied on the authority of _Hawthorn v Smallcorn_ [1998] STC 591 (“ _Hawthorn_
”) where the assignment by a retired partner of his share in the partnership
arewas found _not_ to have encompassed his right to claim a share of a
repayment of overpaid value added tax while he was still a partner. Even
though the decision in _Hawthorn_ would appear to be at variance from that
taken by us in this case, all we need say is that, as was rightly recognised
by the judge in _Hawthorn_ , ultimately it was all a a matter of construing
the effect of the relevant clause or clauses in the retirement deed.

17 For the aforesaid reasons, we were unable, with respect, to agree with the
Judge who held that the Respondents were still entitled to obtain leave to
enforce the AR’s Order. The Respondents no longer had any interest in the
partnership accounts or assets and thus no longer had the _locus standi_ to
apply for leave to enforce the AR’s Order. This sufficiently disposes of the
matter and there is no need for us to address the second issue raised by the
Appellant concerning the sufficiency of particularisation of the Statement
filed by the Respondents in the Leave Application (see [8] above).

Conclusion

18 In the result, we allowed the appeal and set aside the leave granted by the
Judge to the Respondents to enforce the AR’s Order. Upon hearing the parties
on costs, we fixed costs of the appeal at the sum of $5,000, inclusive of
disbursements. Subsequently, counsel for the Appellant wrote in and drew our
attention to the fact that the costs below had been reserved and that a
significant amount had been incurred in relation to disbursements for this
appeal. Although we allowed counsel to be heard a second time on costs and
adjusted the costs order accordingly, we reminded counsel on the need to
exercise greater care in submitting matters for the consideration of the
court.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 04 Nov 2011 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

