Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Khor Soon Lee _v_ Public Prosecutor  
[2011] SGCA 17

Case Number| :| Criminal Appeal No 21 of 2009  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 15 April 2011  
Tribunal/Court| :| Court of Appeal  
Coram| :|  Chao Hick Tin JA; Andrew Phang Boon Leong JA; V K Rajah JA  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Rupert Seah Eng Chee (Rupert Seah & Co) and Joseph Tan
Chin Aik (DSCT Law Corporation) for the appellant; Aedit Abdullah and Ravneet
Kaur (Attorney-General's Chambers) for the respondent.  
Parties| :|  Khor Soon Lee — Public Prosecutor  
  
[LawNet Editorial Note: This was an appeal from the decision of the High Court
in [2009] SGHC 291.

The Court of Appeal, having heard further arguments from the Appellant and the
Prosecution on 21 July 2011, convicted the Appellant on an amended charge of
attempting to import “Class A” controlled drugs (other than diamorphine) in
contravention of s 7 read with s 12 of the Misuse of Drugs Act (Cap 185, 2008
Rev Ed). After hearing counsel on the issue of sentence, the Court of Appeal
sentenced the Appellant to 18 years' imprisonment and 8 strokes of the cane.]

15 April 2011| Judgment reserved.  
---|---  
  
Andrew Phang Boon Leong JA (delivering the judgment of the court):

Introduction

1 The accused, Khor Soon Lee (“the Appellant”), was charged with and convicted
of importing 27.86 grams of diamorphine into Singapore (see _Public Prosecutor
v Khor Soon Lee_ [2009] SGHC 291 (“the GD”)). He now appeals against his
conviction.

Background and facts

2 The Appellant, 36 years of age, was charged with the following offence:

That you, Khor Soon Lee, on the 9th day of August 2008 at about 2.00 p.m. at
the Woodlands Immigration Checkpoint, Singapore, did import into Singapore on
motorcycle JGF 9461, a controlled drug specified in Class “A” of the First
Schedule to the Misuse of Drugs Act (Cap 185), to wit, one packet of
granular/powdery substance containing not less than 27.86 grams of
**diamorphine** , without any authorization under the Misuse of Drugs Act or
the regulations made thereunder, and you have thereby committed an offence
under section 7 and punishable under section 33 of the said Act

[emphasis in the original]

3 On 9 August 2008, the Appellant entered into Singapore on a motorcycle _via_
the Woodlands Immigration Checkpoint (“Woodlands Checkpoint”). As the
immigration officer on duty scanned the Appellant’s passport, the computer
system indicated that the Appellant ought to be referred to the Arrival Car
Secondary Team office. The immigration officer alerted the officers of the
Quick Response Team and he stopped the Appellant. A search was conducted and
the officers found a black sling bag (“sling bag”) in the front carrier basket
of his motorcycle. Therein, under some spare clothes, a further white plastic
bag (“the White Outer Plastic Bag”) was found. Inside this White Outer Plastic
Bag were two smaller plastic bags: a white plastic bag imprinted with purple
flowers (“the Purple Plastic Bag”) and a black plastic bag (the “Black Plastic
Bag”), respectively. None of the plastic bags was sealed.[note: 2]

4 Three bundles wrapped in black masking tape were found in the Purple Plastic
Bag.[note: 3] The Appellant was questioned as to what these bundles contained,
to which he replied in Malay, “ _barang_ ” (meaning “things”). When questioned
further, he said that they were (again, in Malay) “ _ubat_ ” (meaning
“medicine”).[note: 4] These bundles were unwrapped in the Appellant’s presence
and the Appellant was again asked what the revealed substances were. The
Appellant then replied that they were “E5” (Erimin), “K” (Ketamine) and
“Ecstasy”, respectively. It should be pointed out that these controlled drugs
are not the subject of the present charge or appeal. Instead, the Appellant
was charged with, and convicted of, what was in the package contained in the
Black Plastic Bag. In that particular plastic bag, there was a black bundle
also wrapped with black masking tape which contained a packet of white
granular/cuboidal substance. After identifying the contents in the three
bundles which were in the Purple Plastic Bag, when asked what the substance in
this fourth bundle was, the Appellant stated that he did not know what it was.
Later, he ventured to say that it could be “Ice” because of its colour.[note:
5] It should be noted that this substance was subsequently analysed and was
determined to be diamorphine. Returning to the factual background, the
Appellant was then placed under arrest.

5 While the Appellant acknowledged that all the seized bundles were found in
his bag, he claimed that the bundles belonged to one “Tony” (also known as Ong
Heng Hor, a Malaysian). The Appellant came to know Tony in a hair salon a year
prior to the events and, due to an unpaid consignment of Ice the Appellant
took from Tony, ended up owing Tony RM1,600. Unemployed, the Appellant became
Tony’s drug courier in July 2008 to pay off his debts. Tony informed the
Appellant he was looking to transport Erimin, Ketamine, Ice and Ecstasy into
Singapore. For each delivery, the Appellant was paid between RM200 to RM300.
The delivery that led to the Appellant’s arrest was his sixth job for Tony.

6 During the consequent investigation, the Appellant revealed and explained
the mechanics of the prior deliveries. The Appellant stated that when he
received the drugs from Tony, he was sometimes told that the bundles contained
“5” (Erimin) and “K” (Ketamine), whilst, at other times, he was not told of
their contents.[note: 6] Additionally, Tony also instructed the Appellant not
to open the bundles to check their contents.[note: 7] Nevertheless, it was
never disputed that the Appellant knew that the bundles contained drugs. The
Appellant, however, further asserted that he had asked Tony in July 2008
whether heroin (diamorphine) would be involved in the deliveries as he was
afraid of the death penalty.[note: 8] Tony’s response was that he never placed
heroin inside the packages that the Appellant was told to carry.[note: 9]_The
Prosecution did not challenge the Appellant’s evidence on Tony’s response_.
The Appellant also added that both of them had always travelled together into
Singapore in a taxi or on a motorcycle during their previous deliveries
although the Appellant was always the one carrying the drugs.[note: 10]

7 The Appellant then recounted the events leading up to his arrest. On 8
August 2008, Tony called the Appellant and told him to look for a motorcycle
to make a delivery (which he did). The next day, the Appellant met Tony at a
petrol station in Johor Bahru. Tony was seated on a motorcycle himself, and
Tony handed him the White Outer Plastic Bag. Apparently, given their previous
practice of travelling together (see above at [6]), this was the first time
that the Appellant and Tony travelled in separate vehicles.[note: 11] This
made the Appellant suspicious but he did not question Tony about it as Tony
appeared to be in a rush and the Appellant wanted to complete the
delivery.[note: 12] The Appellant then took the White Outer Plastic Bag and
kept it in his sling bag without checking its contents.[note: 13] No questions
were asked.[note: 14] The two men then rode their respective motorcycles to
the Johor Bahru Check Point separately and they agreed to meet at the Kranji
Mass Rapid Transit station (“Kranji MRT”) once they cleared the Singapore
customs.

8 That rendezvous at Kranji MRT naturally failed to materialise when the
Appellant was arrested at the Woodlands Checkpoint. Nevertheless, after the
Appellant’s arrest, he cooperated with the authorities to lure Tony out, and
Tony was arrested at Kranji MRT a few hours later. As things eventually turned
out, the Prosecution took the view that there was a lack of evidence against
Tony and, when both sets of counsel attended a Pre-Trial Conference (“PTC”) on
26 May 2009, the decision to apply for a discharge not amounting to an
acquittal (“DNAQ”) was made known to the court. The next day, 27 May 2009,
Tony was granted a DNAQ and was repatriated to Malaysia (approximately nine
months after being charged).

9 After hearing the appeal, we directed counsel to file further submissions to
address us on the issue of what could have been done to secure Tony’s
attendance as a witness at the trial of the Appellant and the effect of Tony’s
absence at the trial. Both parties have helpfully clarified the chronology of
events leading to the granting of Tony’s DNAQ.[note: 15] On the record, there
had been no objection to, or application to delay, the DNAQ; nor was there any
other application by the Appellant’s then counsel to secure Tony as a witness
for the Appellant at the PTC of 26 May 2009. To be fair to both sets of
counsel, it appeared that no one at that stage thought that Tony was a going
to be a material witness for either party. From the Appellant’s own Further
Written Submissions dated 21 December 2010, the first time that the
Appellant’s counsel had made an application pertaining to Tony was
approximately two weeks after the PTC of 26 May 2009, on 8 June 2009, when the
then Appellant’s counsel requested for an inspection of Tony’s passport. When
that request could not be accommodated, the then Appellant’s counsel responded
on 19 June 2009 to say that his client’s case was, as a result, prejudiced. It
was only on 24 June 2009 that the position pertaining to Tony changed and it
was thought that Tony would be required as a witness for the Appellant. The
Respondent tried to re-call Tony as a witness and sought the help of the
Investigation Officer (“IO”) in this matter to locate Tony. Tony was finally
contacted over the phone in Malaysia but (not surprisingly) he dismissed the
idea of returning to Singapore to testify at the Appellant’s trial. Several
attempts were subsequently made to contact Tony but Tony could no longer be
reached over the phone and his whereabouts remain unknown since.

The decision below

10 The trial judge (“the Judge”) was of the view that the Appellant was
presumed to know the nature of the controlled drug (_ie_ , diamorphine) that
he possessed by virtue of section 18(2) of the Misuse of Drugs Act (Cap 185,
2008 Rev Ed) (“the Act”), and held that the Appellant was unable to rebut the
presumption. The Judge reasoned that the Appellant could not rely on his
belief that the bundles contained the usual drugs (_viz_ , Erimin, Ketamine
and Ecstasy) he had been carrying into Singapore for Tony since the accused
bore the risk that Tony could go back on his word. Additionally, even if the
Appellant opened the bundles and was later given a false answer by Tony, the
Appellant also bore the risk that the answer given to him would turn out to be
false. In any event, the Judge found the accused was conscious of the fact
that he was in possession of controlled drugs and there was ample opportunity
for him to take a look inside the unsealed White Outer Plastic Bag at the four
bundles in the Purple Plastic Bag and the Black Plastic Bag. No inspection was
done, and in the circumstances, the Judge found the Appellant to be wilfully
blind.

11 Further, the Judge observed that the delivery on 9 August 2008 was peculiar
in itself since Tony had suddenly decided to travel on his own instead of
travelling with the accused as had always been the case on numerous previous
occasions.

12 The Judge also did not find any merit in counsel for the Appellant’s
submission that an adverse inference should be drawn against the Prosecution
for not producing Tony at trial. The Prosecution had decided against
proceeding against Tony and there was consequently no reason to keep Tony in
remand in Singapore. The Judge further held that, in any event, had Tony
testified, his testimony would not have altered his findings on the
Appellant’s knowledge and culpability (see the GD at [32]).

The issues

13 In the present appeal, we note that the Appellant is not disputing that he
was carrying a controlled drug. Rather, what he took issue with both in the
court below and on appeal was _his knowledge_ pertaining to the nature of the
controlled drug he was carrying. Put simply, whilst he knew he was carrying
and importing controlled drugs into Singapore, he submitted that he had no
knowledge that one of the plastic bags contained diamorphine.

14 The relevant provision is s 18 of the Act, which reads as follows:

**Presumption of possession and knowledge of controlled drugs**

**18**. —(1) Any person who is proved to have had in his possession or custody
or under his control —

(a) anything containing a controlled drug;

(b) the keys of anything containing a controlled drug;

(c) the keys of any place or premises or any part thereof in which a
controlled drug is found; or

(d) a document of title relating to a controlled drug or any other document
intended for the delivery of a controlled drug,

shall, until the contrary is proved, be presumed to have had that drug in his
possession.

(2) Any person who is proved or presumed to have had a controlled drug in his
possession shall, until the contrary is proved, be presumed to have known the
nature of that drug.

(3) The presumptions provided for in this section shall not be rebutted by
proof that the accused never had physical possession of the controlled drug.

(4) Where one of 2 or more persons with the knowledge and consent of the rest
has any controlled drug in his possession, it shall be deemed to be in the
possession of each and all of them.

15 The main issue that was raised before this court in the present appeal is
whether the Appellant has rebutted, on a balance of probabilities, the
presumption of knowledge contained in s 18(2) of the Act, bearing in mind the
fact that mere assertions of ignorance alone may be insufficient to rebut the
presumption.

16 We pause, however, to also observe, parenthetically, that it is, of course,
open to the Prosecution to prove that the accused had actual knowledge on the
facts of the case itself, in which case it would then be unnecessary to rely
on the presumptions under (in this instance) s 18 of the Act (see _Tan Kiam
Peng v PP_ [2008] 1 SLR(R) 1 (“ _Tan Kiam Peng_ ”) at [171]). However,
especially in the nature of _this_ offence itself, proving the mental element
of actual knowledge would often be an extremely difficult task; hence, the
need for the presumptions that have just been referred to. That having been
said, we should think that, if the accused is able to rebut, on a balance of
probabilities, the relevant presumption(s), it would follow that the
Prosecution would _not_ be able to prove that the accused had actual knowledge
in the case concerned. Conversely, if there is clear evidence that the accused
had actual knowledge on the facts of the case, it would follow that the
accused would _not_ be able to rebut, on a balance of probabilities, the
relevant presumption(s). Indeed, the Prosecution might not – as alluded to at
the outset of the present paragraph – even need to rely on the presumption(s)
in order to establish knowledge on the part of the accused. It is important to
emphasise that much would, of course, turn on the precise factual matrix
concerned.

17 In the present appeal, it is clear that no issue of actual knowledge _per
se_ has arisen. Indeed, as this court noted in _Tan Kiam Peng_ (at [106]),
“the practical reality [is] that a finding of actual knowledge is likely to be
rare”.

18 In the court below, in the process of finding that the Appellant had failed
to rebut the presumption of knowledge, the Judge observed that the Appellant’s
failure to make inquiries was tantamount to being wilfully blind (see the GD
at [30]). The second related issue before this court is therefore whether the
Appellant has proved, on a balance of probabilities, that he was not wilfully
blind in the circumstances of this case.

Our decision

The applicable principles

19 The issues faced by this court are first and foremost a determination of
fact, and, given the capital nature of the offence, necessitates a rigorous
analysis of the evidence in the Record of Proceedings. The relevant principles
pertaining to wilful blindness, as set out by this court in _Tan Kiam Peng_
(at [137]-[141]), are as follows:

137 _First_ , although the statutory contexts under [_Warner v Metropolitan
Police Commissioner_ [1969] 2 AC 256 (“Warner”)] and under the Act are
different, the explication by the House of Lords in _Warner_ of the _general_
concept of _possession_ (which was adopted locally in [_Tan Ah Tee v PP
[1979-1980] SLR(R) 311_] and a myriad of other Singapore decisions) is helpful
and, in fact, supports the first interpretation of s 18(2) of the Act to the
effect that knowledge in s 18(2) is a reference to knowledge that the drug
concerned is a controlled drug.

138 _Secondly_ , there is a second interpretation which states that the
reference to knowledge in s 18(2) is _not only_ to a controlled drug _but
also_ to the _specific drug_ which it turns out the accused is in possession
of. The strongest arguments for this second interpretation are as follows.
First, there is the literal language of that provision. Secondly, because of
the possibility of harsh punishments (including the death penalty) being
imposed, even if it is argued that an ambiguity in the statutory language
exists, the fact of such ambiguity suggests that the benefit of the doubt
ought to be given to the accused. However, although the second interpretation
appears to us to be more persuasive, we express no conclusive view in this
particular appeal simply because this particular issue was not argued fully
before us.

139 _Thirdly_ , whilst the concept of knowledge in s 18(2) of the Act entails
_actual_ knowledge, the doctrine of _wilful blindness_ should also be
emphasised and is also included within the concept of knowledge in s 18(2)
simply because wilful blindness is the _legal equivalent_ of _actual_
knowledge. However, the reference, particularly in the court below, to the
various _theoretical_ degrees of knowledge is, in our view, unhelpful and
might even have an _adverse_ impact in the sphere of _practical_ application.
This brings us to a closely related point.

140 In so far as the doctrine of _wilful blindness_ is concerned, the evidence
required to be adduced by the accused to rebut the presumption of knowledge of
the nature of the controlled drug under s 18(2) of the Act is by no means a
mere formality, even though the standard required is the civil standard (of
proof on a balance of probabilities). Such an approach is not only just and
fair but is also consistent with the underlying policy of the Act itself.
However, we have also demonstrated that in situations where the accused truly
does not know the nature of the controlled drug in his or her possession, it
is clear that the accused _will_ be able to rebut the presumption of knowledge
of the nature of the controlled drug under s 18(2) on a balance of
probabilities. This will be the situation where, for example, the controlled
drugs in question were slipped into a package the accused was carrying without
his or her knowledge (see also above at [35] and [132]), or where the accused
is otherwise devoid of actual knowledge and finds himself or herself in a
situation in which the facts and circumstances do _not_ give rise to that
level of suspicion that would entail further investigation lest a finding of
wilful blindness results. All this, again, is consistent with the underlying
policy of the Act.

141 _Fourthly_ , therefore (and still on the issue of knowledge in s 18(2) of
the Act), whilst _general_ regard ought to be had to the concept of _actual_
knowledge (_including_ the doctrine of _wilful blindness_), the _main_ focus
ought always to be on the _specific or particular factual matrix_ in the case
at hand. The principal difficulty lies in the attempt to divine a universal
legal norm to _comprehensively_ govern what is essentially and, at bottom, a
_factual_ inquiry. This is not to state that, in certain areas of the law,
such an approach is inappropriate. However, in a situation such as the
present, such an approach is less than satisfactory simply because the _focus_
is _primarily factual and (more importantly) the permutations of the factual
matrices are too numerous, varied and complex_ to admit of a perfect legal
solution. It is, of course, axiomatic that a universal legal norm _is_
necessary. What, however, should be eschewed is the attempt to formulate a
universal legal norm that purports to _comprehensively_ govern the various
(and variegated) fact situations. This leads, as we shall see, to _excessive
refinements and fine distinctions that hinder (rather than facilitate) the
task at hand_. Indeed, that s 18(2) of the Act is formulated at a fairly high
level of generality is an acknowledgment of the danger just mentioned. In the
circumstances, the _universal_ norm with respect to knowledge in s 18(2) is
that it would encompass _actual_ knowledge in both its purest form _as well
as_ in the form of _wilful blindness_ and would apply to the _specific factual
matrix_ concerned - with the focus being, in the nature of things, on the
_latter_.

[emphasis in original]

20 Importantly, particularly for the purposes of this appeal, it bears
emphasising that negligence or recklessness does _not_ amount to wilful
blindness (see _Tan Kiam Peng_ at [129]). It is a high threshold to be met and
a finding of wilful blindness ought _not_ to be made _unless_ there is a
strong _factual_ basis for doing so.

Analysis

21 The Judge had found in the court below that there had been wilful blindness
on the part of the Appellant. Before this court, counsel for the Appellant, Mr
Rupert Seah, argued that there had been no wilful blindness on the part of the
Appellant for the following (related) reasons:

(a) The Appellant had only ever assisted in importing Erimin, Ketamine, Ice
and Ecstasy (“the Controlled Drugs”). This was clear from his own Statements
made. It is important to note that counsel for the Prosecution, Mr Aedit
Abdullah, confirmed that no evidence had been led in the court below to the
contrary.

(b) The Appellant had been careful to confirm with Tony that the package of
drugs in the present case contained – as before (see above at [6]) – only the
Controlled Drugs and _not_ diamorphine. It is significant to note that this
package contained _both_ the Controlled Drugs _and_ heroin, the latter of
which constituted the (capital) charge that is the subject of the present
appeal.

(c) The Appellant had a close and personal relationship with Tony generally
and therefore _trusted_ him. This was especially (but not confined to) the
case in relation to the confirmation he had sought at (b) above.

(d) The fact that Tony had been unavailable as a witness had prejudiced the
Appellant’s defence generally (including the submission that he (the
Appellant) had not been wilfully blind to the heroin in the package).

22 The arguments set out in the preceding paragraph are not only related but
must also, in our view, be considered as _a whole_ , having particular regard
to the _particular facts as well as the context_ in which such facts occurred.

23 In this regard, the fact that the Appellant had assisted in transporting
_only_ Controlled Drugs on a _significant number_ of occasions in _the past_
does weigh in favour of the Appellant. _Importantly, as we have noted above,
this particular factual aspect of the Appellant’s account was uncontroverted
by the Prosecution in the court below as well as on appeal_. The delivery that
led to his arrest was at least the Appellant’s sixth for Tony[note: 16] and,
in the previous deliveries, the Appellant averred that he was told that the
drugs intended to be shipped were only the Controlled Drugs.[note: 17] Indeed,
when the Appellant began assisting Tony, Tony informed him that he (Tony)
wanted to bring in only the Controlled Drugs into Singapore (and, where
applicable, in quantities that did not attract the death penalty).[note: 18]
No mention of diamorphine was made. Additionally, it is also vital to
emphasise that the Appellant sought assurances from Tony that the deliveries
would not involve diamorphine. The Appellant claimed that he wanted these
assurances since he was afraid of the death penalty (see also above at
[6]),[note: 19] and it was only logical that, because these assurances were
subsequently given, that the Appellant agreed to proceed with the deliveries.
Tony assured the Appellant that he did not place diamorphine in the packages
that the Appellant carried. _Again, the Appellant’s account here was
uncontroverted_. Put simply, a _consistent pattern_ of assisting in importing
Controlled Drugs that did _not_ carry the sanction of _capital punishment_
(for those controlled drugs that did, the quantity imported was not high
enough to attract capital punishment) had in fact been established by the
Appellant. To the detriment of the Appellant, the transaction that is the
subject matter in the _present appeal_ was one that _deviated from_ this
pattern.

24 That having been established, it is, however, _also_ necessary to consider
whether the Appellant ought to have nevertheless _checked_ the package on this
particular occasion. In particular, in not so checking, had the Appellant been
_wilfully blind_ to the diamorphine contained in the package (which was found
in the Black Plastic Bag)? In our view, and notwithstanding the (unfortunate)
complacency exhibited on the part of the Appellant, it was – in light of _the
consistent pattern and the relationship_ that had hitherto existed between
himself and Tony – understandable why he had not checked the package. It
would, of course, have been ideal if he had. However, the Appellant had no
reason, in light of the _specific facts and (especially) consistent pattern
that had been established_ (which we will explain below), to _strongly
suspect_ that the package contained _diamorphine_. The same could also be said
about the fact that the Appellant and Tony travelled separately on their own
instead of travelling together as had been the case on numerous previous
occasions. A mere suspicion it could have been, but it was far from being a
distinct enough peculiarity (in and of itself) to raise a strong suspicion.
_At the very least, the suspicion must bear a reasonable connection to the
specific drug at issue_. In both instances, his failure to check the contents
of the package would, at best, constitute only _negligence or recklessness_.
As we have indicated above at [20], these instances are insufficient to amount
to wilful blindness.

25 It will be recalled that the Appellant had submitted that he had a close
and personal relationship with Tony and that he (the Appellant) had therefore
_trusted_ him (see above at [21(c)]). If the Appellant could make good this
submission, this would buttress his _uncontroverted_ claim that he had thought
that he was only carrying the Controlled Drugs, having regard to the fact that
he had been carrying only the Controlled Drugs during the previous occasions
he had participated in. That measure of trust would lend further basis to his
_uncontroverted_ claim that Tony did not deal in diamorphine, and would also
provide a sufficiently cogent reason why he adhered to Tony’s instructions not
to open up the bundles. It is also important to note that, without having had
the benefit of Tony’s testimony, it would only be fair to the Appellant to
assume that what he (the Appellant) stated with regard to his relationship
with Tony, was true. With the limited evidence on record, all we can conclude
at this moment is that Tony was indeed involved in the transaction as his
deoxyribonucleic acid (commonly known as “DNA”) evidence was found on the
package.[note: 20] This, we consider, to be a crucial fact. It objectively
corroborates the Appellant’s assertion that Tony had a significant role in the
transaction. Further, Tony was in fact subsequently apprehended on the same
day as the Appellant’s arrest, _with_ the Appellant’s cooperation. In our
view, whilst we ought not – and, indeed, cannot – make any observations with
regard to Tony’s guilt as such, the very fact of Tony’s existence and his
seeming involvement corroborated with the Appellant’s version of the events in
general and, more importantly, the _nature_ of his relationship with Tony in
particular. In his evidence, the Appellant testified that he met Tony in 2007
at a hair salon and, thereafter, met him once or twice a week. Usually, the
pair would meet at the hair salon every week and they would have a “chit chat”
with each other. On several occasions, Tony would take him to the discotheque,
and, on other occasions, they would go out for food. When the Appellant lost
his job sometime in April 2008, it was Tony who offered him an opportunity to
sell on drugs (that Tony supplied) to one of his friends. That friend failed
to pay for the consignment and the Appellant, as a result, owed Tony money.
The Appellant avoided Tony at first but unfortunately chanced upon each other
in a discotheque subsequently. There, Tony reminded the Appellant of the debt
and, soon after, offered the Appellant several jobs (to courier controlled
drugs) which could assist the Appellant’s repayment of the money owed to him
(Tony). It was in this context that the Appellant agreed to deliver the
Controlled Drugs for Tony, and also believed Tony when he said that he did not
deal with heroin. In our view, it could further be the case that, because Tony
consistently provided him with the Controlled Drugs as claimed, there was no
real reason for the Appellant to be suspicious and disbelieve Tony. As far as
first impressions go, it would appear that the Appellant and Tony shared a
friendly relationship, and giving the benefit of the doubt to the Appellant,
that friendship formed a sufficient basis for his assertion that the Appellant
trusted Tony.

26 However, as already noted, Tony was released pursuant to a DNAQ. We should
observe, at the outset, that we do not even hint at any impropriety in the
procedure adopted by the Prosecution with regard to Tony. However, whilst the
Prosecution might have had valid reasons for releasing Tony, the fact remains
that Tony might have furnished valuable evidence that would have buttressed
the Appellant’s defence, one possible aspect of which was the relationship of
trust between the Appellant and Tony referred to above. In this regard, it is
in our view unsafe to assume in the circumstances, without more, that any
evidence furnished by Tony would not have altered the Judge’s findings with
regard to the Appellant’s knowledge and culpability (_contra_ the GD at [32]).
The central difficulty facing this court in this particular regard is that we
obviously do not know what precisely Tony’s testimony would have been had he
been called as a witness. However, given this situation, we are of the view
that, at the very least, the Appellant ought _not_ to be prejudiced by the
absence of Tony’s testimony as a result of the Prosecution’s decision to apply
for a DNAQ. Notably, this is unlike some other situations where some, but not
all, accomplices are arrested while the rest evaded arrest and could not
subsequently be called (if applicable) to give evidence. In our view,
therefore, given the exceptional circumstances of this case, we found that the
benefit of the doubt ought to be given to the Appellant and that necessarily
means that this court has to assume that Tony’s evidence could have assisted
the Appellant’s defence insofar as the element of knowledge was concerned.

27 Returning to the issue at hand, we have to do the best we can, based on the
available evidence which has been set out above. To _summarise_ , the
Appellant has adduced evidence to the effect that he had hitherto always been
dealing in the Controlled Drugs, which (in turn) constitute evidence of a
_consistent pattern of conduct_ that was _not contradicted by the Prosecution
in the court below_. He had also argued that he had taken precautions
throughout not to deal in drugs (such as diamorphine) which would have
resulted in charges carrying the death penalty. In the context of the present
appeal, he had confirmed with Tony that the package did not contain
diamorphine and had trusted his answer that it did not in light of their close
and personal relationship. We pause to note – parenthetically – that the
Appellant must have simultaneously taken into account his experience on the
previous occasions (when he had, as we have just noted, dealt only in the
Controlled Drugs). As mentioned above, we must – in the absence of any actual
testimony by Tony to the contrary – assume that any testimony furnished by
Tony would have buttressed the Appellant’s defence. The Judge observed that
the Appellant did not look at the items contained in the plastic bags and took
the risk that Tony “could one day play him out” (see the GD at [29]). Whilst
this view may be of general relevance, we emphasise once again that the
circumstances of this case are exceptional and that the Judge’s view should,
with respect, have been mitigated by the cumulative effect of the Appellant’s
_uncontroverted_ evidence as to the _consistent pattern of conduct and his
trust in Tony_.

28 In the circumstances, we would respectfully differ from the finding of the
Judge to the effect that the Appellant had been wilfully blind to the fact
that the package contained diamorphine. Given the _particular factual matrix_
set out above, we are of the view that the Appellant was, at most, either
negligent or reckless in not checking the package, but _not_ wilfully blind.
Given his relationship with Tony and (especially) the previous occasions when
he had assisted in importing ice (which were not insignificant in number),
there was _an absence_ of a _strong suspicion_ to which the Appellant had
turned a blind eye.

29 As a result of our finding above, and given the _particular factual matrix_
set out above, it would also follow that the Appellant has succeeded in
rebutting, on a balance of probabilities, the presumption of knowledge under s
18(2) of the Act. It bears emphasising that each case will, of course, depend
on its own precise facts. The facts of the present appeal, it might be
observed, are rather unusual: in particular, the consistent pattern of conduct
referred to above (which centred on dealing in drugs which did _not_ involve
the death penalty) was admitted by the Prosecution, and, further, the
testimony of a significant witness (Tony) was not available (for which we have
therefore assumed that such testimony, if given, would have buttressed the
Appellant’s case). In the circumstances, a strong cautionary note ought to be
sounded. Given the finely balanced set of facts in the present appeal, nothing
in this case sets a precedent for future cases (which ought, in any event, to
turn on their own particular facts). Still less will future courts countenance
accused persons seeking to “manufacture defences” in order to effect a similar
fact pattern.

Conclusion

30 For the reasons set out above, we allow the appeal on the charge as it
stands. We would like to note the exemplary manner in which the Prosecution
and Defence had conducted their respective cases in the present appeal and
would like to commend them accordingly. In particular, the Prosecution
conducted its case in the spirit of its overall mission, which is encapsulated
in the following observation of this court in _Bachoo Mohan Singh v Public
Prosecutor_ [2010] 1 SLR 966 (at [103]) that “the Prosecution ... [is the]
guardian of the people’s rights, _including those of the accused_ ” (emphasis
in original).

31 Pending submissions from the Prosecution on whether we ought to, _inter
alia_ , amend the charge, we will adjourn the matter. The Prosecution has 21
days to let us have its submissions on what courses of action are open to us
on the established facts. Counsel for the Appellant will have 21 days
thereafter to respond. We will then hear the parties on the issues that have
arisen. Until then, the Appellant will continue to be in custody.

Postscript

32 We have already noted that it was unfortunate that Tony had been released
prior to the trial of the Appellant. However, there appears to be no hard and
fast rule that will ensure that such a difficulty does not arise in future
cases. All we can state, at the present time, is that, where there are at
least two co-accused who have been charged in relation to the same
transaction, the Prosecution should endeavour, if (as was the case here with
regard to Tony) it proposes to release one of the co-accused, to inform
counsel for the other co-accused as expeditiously as possible. Likewise,
counsel for the _other_ co-accused should also act with equal expedition in
determining whether the evidence of the co-accused (to be released) is
necessary for his or her client’s defence. If deemed necessary, counsel ought
to make the necessary applications to secure the co-accused’s attendance at
the trial of his or her client.

* * *

[note: 2]Notes of Evidence (“NE”) Day 1 at p 12, lines 1–3.

[note: 3]Record of Proceedings (“ROP”) vol 2 at p 6, [6] (Statement of Agreed
Facts).

[note: 4]NE Day 4 at p 15, lines 19–27 and ROP vol 2 at p 253.

[note: 5]NE Day 4 at p 32, lines 26–31 and ROP vol 2 at p 253.

[note: 6]ROP vol 2 at p 249.

[note: 7]_Ibid_.

[note: 8]NE Day 4 at p 29, lines 13–18.

[note: 9]NE Day 4 at p 29, lines 8–10.

[note: 10]ROP vol 2 at p 263.

[note: 11]NE Day 4 at p 14, lines 4–8.

[note: 12]ROP vol 2 at p 264.

[note: 13]ROP vol 2 at p 252.

[note: 14]ROP vol 2 at p 264.

[note: 15]Appellant’s Further Written Submissions dated 21 December 2010 at
[85] and Respondent’s Further Written Submissions dated 5 January 2011 at [4].

[note: 16]ROP vol 2 at p 254.

[note: 17]NE Day 4 at p 29, lines 4–10 and ROP vol 2 at p 263.

[note: 18]NE Day 4 at pp 29–30.

[note: 19]NE Day 4 at p 29, lines 12–18.

[note: 20]NE Day 3 at p 54, lines 6–7.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 15 Apr 2011 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

