Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Ling Mang Khong Stanley _v_ Teo Chee Siong and others (Yeo Boon Hwa, third
party)  
[2011] SGHC 18

Case Number| :| Suit No 752 of 2007 (Registrar's Appeal No 165 of 2010)
(Summons No 4214 of 2010)  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 20 January 2011  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Philip Pillai J  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Mark Goh (Mark Goh & Co) for the plaintiff; Deepak
Natverlal (Maximus Law LLC) for the defendants; Lim Ker Sheon (Characterist
Law LLC) for the third party.  
Parties| :|  Ling Mang Khong Stanley — Teo Chee Siong and others (Yeo Boon
Hwa, third party)  
  
20 January 2011|  
---|---  
  
Philip Pillai J:

1 Registrar’s Appeal No 165 of 2010 is an appeal against the Assistant
Registrar’s (“AR”) decision to dismiss Summons No 423 of 2010, which is the
defendants’ application to strike out the plaintiff’s entire statement of
claim. This is pursuant to O 18 r 19 of the Rules of Court (Cap 322, R 5, 2006
Rev Ed) (“Rules of Court”) on the basis that it discloses no reasonable cause
of action. The guiding considerations for the purposes of a striking out
action were succinctly restated in _Gabriel Peters & Partners (Suing as a
Firm) v Wee Chong Jin and others_ [1997] 3 SLR(R) 649 at [21]:

The guiding principle in determining what a “reasonable cause of action” is
under O18 r19(1)(_a_) was succinctly pronounced by Lord Pearson in _Drummond-
Jackson v British Medical Association_ [1970] 1 All ER 1094. A reasonable
cause of action, according to his lordship, connotes a cause of action which
has some chance of success when only the allegations in the pleading are
considered. As long as the statement of claim discloses some cause of action,
or raises some question fit to be decided at the trial, the mere fact that the
case is weak and is not likely to succeed is no ground for striking it out.

A striking out is warranted in such circumstances for several larger policy
reasons including, “to allow the case to go further for trial would be to
compel the defendants to expend time and money in defending a case which
obviously had no merit whatsoever” (_per_ Chao Hick Tin JA, in _Bandung
Shipping Pte Ltd v Keppel Tat Lee Bank Ltd_ [2003] 1 SLR(R) 295 at [34]) and
in order not to clog up the courts with such cases.

2 The plaintiff in his Statement of Claim (Amendment No 3), _inter alia_ ,
seeks:

(a)

a declaration that the first and second defendants have breached the terms and
conditions of clauses 10, 11, 2.7 and 4.5 of Points of Agreement for
Shareholders and Operation (“POA”) of the third defendant;

(b)

a declaration that the first and second defendants have breached the
memorandum and articles of the third defendant, in particular Article 43;

(c)

an order that the third defendant be wound up under s 216 of the Companies Act
(Cap 50, 2006 Rev Ed) (“the Companies Act”);

(d)

a declaration that the first and second defendants hold on constructive trust
for the plaintiff all movable and immovable properties described in the
Statement of Claim (Amendment No 3);

(e)

a declaration that the defendants are liable to pay loss and damages to the
plaintiff to be assessed;

(f)

alternatively, an order for the defendants to account to the plaintiff all
monies and profits received by the defendants;

(g)

an order that the defendants give the plaintiff access to all books, vouchers
and other documents relating to the said accounts; and

(h)

the cancelling of the Contract pertaining to the plaintiff’s sale of 30,000
shares in the third defendant to the second defendant.

3 The plaintiff, formerly sales manager of the company, had subscribed for
21,000 shares at S$1.52 and received 9000 bonus shares at S$1.00. He agreed to
sell all his shares in the company in April 2007 to the second defendant, for
S$2.80.The first and second defendants were directors and shareholders of the
third defendant company. At the material time of his sale, the plaintiff held
10% of the company’s issued shares, the first defendant 60%, the second
defendant 20% and the third party 10%. The first and second defendants had
entered an agreement on 2 April 2007 to sell 160,000 shares (40% of the
outstanding and issued shares of the company) to a new party at S$10 per share
to be completed on 15 May 2007. The foundation of the plaintiff’s complaint is
that the first and second defendants had not then disclosed or obtained his
consent to this new agreement prior to his sale.

4 The plaintiff first claims that he had a contractual right of disclosure and
consent with the first and second defendants. The primary contractual rights
claimed by the plaintiff relate to rights of pre-emption/anti-dilution (cl
2.7) and the right of consent to the entry of new shareholders whether by
transfer or allotment (cl 11) as provided in the POA. However, he has been
unable to produce any POA in which he is a named signatory with them. Instead
he relies on an unsigned POA dated 1 September 2005 in which he is named as
one of the parties. He next relies on a POA dated 1 March 2006, signed by the
named parties. This POA however does not contain his name or signature.
Nevertheless, the plaintiff insists that he had signed a POA with the
defendants which he has been unable to produce. The plaintiff had obtained an
Anton Piller/Search order (“Search order”) against the defendants and to date
has not been able to produce a copy of the POA with the defendants in which he
is named and is a signatory. All the plaintiff has been able to produce is a
draft in which he is named but which is unsigned by any of the named persons
including himself. The only signed POA in evidence is that of the POA signed
by three other named parties to which the plaintiff is neither named nor a
signatory. There is accordingly no evidence of a POA to which the plaintiff is
a named party and signatory.

5 In lieu of producing a POA to which he is a named party and signatory, the
plaintiff relies on the defendants’ affidavit verifying the list of documents
which refers in Item 125 to “1 March 2006 Points of Agreement for Share
Holders and Operations of Anewtech Systems Ptd Ltd” to assert that this
affidavit constitutes an admission of a POA to which he is a named party and
signatory. The plaintiff submits that by reason only of the reference in an
affidavit verifying the list of documents by description that “there is no
reason for the Court or anybody to challenge either the authenticity nor that
it purports to have been written and executed by the parties named therein”.
That he does so even in the face of the POA being produced thereunder
revealing no signature of the plaintiff, is a remarkable proposition. The
plaintiff relies on _Koh Teck Hee (trading as Mui Teck Heng Garments & Trading
Co) v Leow Swee Lim (trading as Meyoung Trading)_ [1991] 2 SLR(R) 328 at
[18]–[20] for this proposition. A reading of the case discloses that it
provides no such support as suggested by the plaintiff. Secondly, the
plaintiff argues that the fact that the first and second defendants
subsequently entered into a fresh POA with a new party on 6 May 2007 signifies
that an earlier one would have existed between the first and second defendants
and the plaintiff. However, the subsequent entry of a POA between the
defendants and a new party to which the plaintiff was not a party similarly
carries no compelling or necessary implication that the plaintiff was thereby
a party to an earlier POA with the first and second defendants.

6 The defendants explained the unsigned and signed POA s. All the named
signatories in the unsigned POA s were also required to sign personal and
several bank guarantee for banking facilities to the company and the plaintiff
not being prepared to sign such bank guarantees had then declined to sign the
POA. Accordingly, the POA was signed only by those who had signed the personal
and several bank guarantees and the plaintiff had signed neither. It would be
strange that the plaintiff making an investment of this magnitude in a start
up company would not himself have retained in his possession a copy of the POA
duly signed by all parties, including himself, if one exists. It is even
stranger that having had the benefit of and having conducted a Search order
against the defendants, that no such agreement appears to exist in the hands
of the defendants either. Accordingly, the foundation of the plaintiff’s claim
on contractual POA rights against the first and second defendants is _in
limine_ unsupportable as there is no evidence of the existence of any such
agreement to which he was a party.

7 The plaintiff next seeks to nullify the sale of his shares to the defendants
on the basis of it having been a breach of article 43 of the company’s
Memorandum and Articles of Association, which he says required the consent of
all shareholders. The plaintiff admits that there has been no breach of
article 43, after he had ceased to be a shareholder arising from the
subsequent issue and allotment of new shares, as these were duly approved by
shareholders at the time of issue. What the plaintiff avers is focussed on the
first and second defendants’ conduct, that they should not have entered an
agreement with the new party whilst he was a shareholder without prior
disclosure to him and his consent.

8 Most crucially however, article 43 reads as follows:

Subject to any direction to the contrary that may be given by the company in
general meeting, all new shares shall, before issue, be offered to such
persons as at the date of the offer are entitled to receive notices from the
company of general meeting in proportion, as nearly as the circumstances
admit, to the amount of the existing shares to which they are entitled. The
offer shall be made by notice specifying the number of shares offered, and
limiting a time within which the offer, if not accepted, will be deemed to be
declined and after the expiration of that time, or on the receipt of an
intimation from the person to whom the offer is made that he declines to
accept the shares offered, the directors may dispose of those shares in such
manner as they think most beneficial to the company. The directors may
likewise so dispose of any new shares which (by reason of the ratio which the
new shares bear to shares held by persons entitled to an offer of new shares)
cannot, in the opinion of the directors, be conveniently offered under this
article.

Article 43 does not confer a veto right or require the consent of all
shareholders including the plaintiff to the issue of new shares. It is in the
nature of an anti-dilution provision. It provides a _pro rata_ right of first
refusal to existing shareholders to subscribe _pro rata_ to any new shares
issued by the company. Where the shareholder declines his right of first
refusal, the directors may dispose of such shares in the matter they think
most beneficial to the company. The plaintiff avers that article 43 further
imposes a positive duty on the defendants to first notify and disclose to him
as shareholder, the terms of any agreement for the sale of shares in the
company. Article 43 by its terms does no such thing. There is accordingly _ex
facie_ , no breach of article 43 of the company’s Articles of Association.

9 Finally and in the alternative, the plaintiff seeks an order to wind up the
company under s 216 of the Companies Act, on grounds of oppression of minority
shareholders. Section 216 of the Companies Act provides a statutory remedial
process for shareholder disputes. It is a statutorily prescribed precondition
that a person invoking s 216 of the Companies Act must first have the _locus
standi_ of being a member of the company, _ie_ , registered in the company’s
register of members, which is quite apart from satisfying the substantive
conditions set out therein. It was conceded by the plaintiff that by reason of
his prior sale of his shares, he had ceased to be a member of the company at
the time he filed this action. The plaintiff, however, seeks to rely on
_Kitnasamy s/o Marudapan v Nagatheran s/o Manogar_ [2000] 1 SLR(R) 542 (“
_Kitnasamy_ ”) to overcome this obstacle. In _Kitnasamy_ , the Court of Appeal
noted on the facts that although a Registry of Companies search did not show
that the appellant was a registered shareholder of the company, that was not
conclusive as the company auditor confirmed that the appellant was a
registered shareholder and that the Registry records would be updated after
the annual returns were filed. The court found that there was some evidence
that he was the registered shareholder. The Court of Appeal further observed
at [27]:

On the facts as pleaded by the appellant, even if he was not a registered
shareholder, it seemed to us that this was an instance where the appellant had
agreed to become a shareholder of the company and had rendered invaluable
services to it and due to the default of those responsible for the
administration of the company, including the respondents, the appellant’s name
as a shareholder was not entered in the register of the company. The belief of
the appellant that he was a member was reinforced by the fact that the notice
of an EGM scheduled for 14 January 2000, together with a proxy form, were
despatched to him. Such documents are only despatched to members. The
respondents were thus estopped from asserting that the appellant was not a
member.

In short, in _Kitnasamy_ , there was found to be other evidence (apart from
the company’s register of members) and emanating from the company which
confirmed that the plaintiff was a member of the company. The plaintiff here
however, was unable to adduce any unequivocal evidence so as to satisfy the s
216, Companies Act precondition of _locus standi_.

10 The plaintiff next sought to rely on the Malaysian case of _Owen Sim Liang
Khui v Piasau Jaya Sdn Bhd & Anor_ [1996] 1 MLJ 113 (“ _Owen_ ”) which was
cited in _Kitnasamy_ , where the company having exercised its lien over the
plaintiff’s shares for debts owing by him to the company pursuant to its
articles of association, had thereby caused the plaintiff to cease to be a
member of the company. In the factual circumstances, the Malaysian court
concluded such conduct to have been “unconscionable or inequitable” and did
not permit the company to use the statute as an engine of fraud. The plaintiff
here submitted that this court should similarly not allow an expropriation of
the shares of a member to deny an action under s 216 of the Companies Act.
_Owen_ is limited to its facts and distinguishable. Apart from anything else,
there was a voluntary sale of shares by the plaintiff and no expropriation by
the company. The plaintiff avers that having sold his shares without the
defendants’ disclosure to him of their prior agreement to sell shares to a new
party, he had been deceived and accordingly the defendants should to be
estopped from raising his lack of _locus standi_ required under s 216 of the
Companies Act. Absent any contractual obligation or prescription in the
memorandum and articles of association of the company or any unequivocal
conduct on the part of the defendants or the company set out in the statement
of claim which would evince any estoppel, he does not have the locus standi to
invoke the intra shareholder remedies under s 216 of the Companies Act.

11 On the substantive requirements of s 216 of the Companies Act, the question
was put to the plaintiff as to what exactly were the pleaded fiduciary duties
owed and breached by the defendants _qua_ directors to the plaintiff
shareholder, or by the defendants _qua_ shareholders to the plaintiff _qua_
shareholder. The plaintiff averred that there was nothing more than the breach
of the POA and article 43 of the articles of association of the company.
These, without more, do not disclose any reasonable cause of action.

12 On the declaration sought by the plaintiff with respect to a breach of the
POA, no reasonable cause of action is disclosed because he is not a party to
POA. On the declaration relating to article 43 of the company’s articles of
association, since there is similarly no breach of article 43 _ex facie_ , his
statement of claim on this count discloses no reasonable cause of action. His
alternative claim to wind up the company on the grounds of oppression again
discloses no reasonable cause of action insofar as it relates to the issue of
_locus standi_ and also further on the substantive grounds, as these are
pleaded and conceded to be founded only on the POA and a breach of article 43.

13 In order to afford the plaintiff a further opportunity to demonstrate a
reasonable cause of action in his statement of claim, I invited the plaintiff
to apply for leave to amend his statement of claim. If his draft amended
statement of claim disclosed a reasonable cause of action, I would have been
prepared to grant leave to amend and make appropriate consequential orders
with respect to costs thrown away to date.

14 The plaintiff filed Summons No 4214 of 2010 for leave to amend and
submitted a draft amendment to the statement of claim which discloses the
following new grounds:

(i)

the plaintiff now avers that there was an bonus share allotment in which all
parties including the plaintiff signed a Dividend Shareholders Agreement under
which they agreed, _inter alia_ , that “All shareholders are not allowed to
sell this share to any 3rd parties without the approval or consent of the
company directors and respective shareholders.”; and

(ii)

the plaintiff now avers that the plaintiff, defendants and 3rd party had
conducted themselves as partners and the terms of the partnership are
evidenced in the POAs, Dividend Shareholders Agreement, article 43 and the
Zhong Eng POA.

15 The plaintiff conceded however that the Dividend Shareholders Agreement had
not been breached whilst he was shareholder of the company. The plaintiff
further concedes that had it been the intention of the parties under the
Dividend Shareholders Agreement or indeed under the POA to prevent any
shareholder from granting any option or any interest in his shares to third
parties without granting the same right to existing shareholders, or without
their prior disclosure or consent, they could have so provided. However, they
did not so provide and confined themselves to stating only that they would not
sell to third parties without the approval or consent of the directors and
respective shareholders. The plaintiff concedes that these had not been
breached whilst he was a shareholder of the company. Hence, no reasonable
contractual cause of action appears from the draft amendment to the statement
of claim.

16 With respect to his second draft amendment to the statement of claim, no
further particulars were pleaded with respect to any unequivocal conduct of
the defendants or the company that would amount to estoppel so as to overcome
the _locus standi_ precondition (quite apart from the substantive
requirements) under s 216 of the Companies Act. In the light of this, I
declined leave to amend the statement of claim further.

17 In these circumstances, I would grant the application to strike out the
Plaintiff’s Statement of Claim (Amendment No 3) under O 18 r 19 of the Rules
of Court as it discloses no reasonable cause of action.

18 Registrar’s Appeal No 165 of 2010 is allowed. Costs of the Appeal and
hearing below before AR fixed at $12,000, inclusive of disbursements. Costs of
dismissal of the action to be agreed or taxed.

19 Summons No 4214 of 2010 for leave to amend Statement of Claim is not
granted. Costs included in costs of appeal awarded above.

20 Leave is granted to withdraw notice of appeal filed earlier and to file
fresh notice of appeal from 11 January 2011 onwards.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 20 Jan 2011 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

