Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  State Bank of India Singapore _v_ Rainforest Trading Ltd and another  
[2011] SGHC 182

Case Number| :| Originating Summons No 958 of 2010  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 04 August 2011  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Steven Chong J  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Pradeep Pillai and Koh Junxiang (Shook Lin & Bok LLP) for
the plaintiff; Samuel Chacko and Christopher Yeo (Legis Point LLC) for the
defendants.  
Parties| :|  State Bank of India Singapore — Rainforest Trading Ltd and
another  
  
[LawNet Editorial Note: The appeal to this decision in Civil Appeal No 107 of
2011 was dismissed by the Court of Appeal on 20 January 2012. See [2012] SGCA
21.]

4 August 2011| Judgment reserved.  
---|---  
  
Steven Chong J:

Introduction

1 The case before me concerns an application by a bank to enforce a “pledge”
of shares in a private company. Initially, the application sought an order for
the enforcement of the “pledge” without further notice to the defendants and
without reference to the Articles of Association of the company. Typically,
the Articles of Association of private companies would provide for the
exercise of pre-emption rights in respect of the sale of shares to _other_
members of the company. How would such a pre-emption right operate when the
private company is a wholly owned subsidiary? When questions as regards the
difficulties posed by the plaintiff’s application were raised by the court,
the original application was abandoned and in its place various declaratory
reliefs were sought.

2 In their attempt to resist the application, various allegations of fraud
were raised by the defendants against the bank. Fraud is “ _easy_ ” to allege
and not infrequently is raised in affidavits without any basis to support the
allegation. This judgment will also address counsel’s duty to act responsibly
when raising allegations of fraud. Counsel and the clients they represent
should be reminded that legal proceedings cannot be used as a “ _licence_ ” or
a “ _shield_ ” to cast serious allegations of fraud without any credible
basis.

Background facts

Dramatis personae

3 The plaintiff, State Bank of India, Singapore (“SBI SG”), is a banking
institution which is governed and regulated in Singapore by the Monetary
Authority of Singapore.

4 The first defendant, Rainforest Trading Limited (“Rainforest”), is a company
incorporated in the British Virgin Islands.

5 The second defendant, eSys Technologies Pte Ltd (“eSys”) (now known as
Haruki Solutions Pte Ltd), is a private company incorporated in Singapore.
eSys is a wholly owned subsidiary of Rainforest and is engaged in the business
of distributing computers, components, related products as well as the
provision of technical, advisory and consultancy support, research and
development and services for users of high technology products.

6 Teledata Informatics Limited (“Teledata”) (now known as Agnite Education
Limited) is a publicly listed company incorporated in India which engages in
the business of development of marine software, logistics software and utility
software products as well as the provision of services for users of high
technology products.

7 Baytech Inc (“Baytech”) is a company incorporated in the British Virgin
Islands and is a wholly owned subsidiary of Teledata. While Teledata and/or
Baytech are not parties to these proceedings, they play material roles in the
factual matrix preceding the present application.

Key personnel

8 The following individuals feature prominently in the dispute at hand:

Mr Aravind Kumar (“Mr Kumar”) |  Senior Vice President, Credit Administration of SBI SG  
---|---  
Mr Gopalakrishnan Venkatramanan (“Mr Ram”) |  Teledata representative  
Mr K Padmanabhan (“Mr Padma”) |  Director and sole shareholder of Baytech and Managing Director of Teledata  
Mr Akash Deep Sharma (“Mr Sharma”) |  Director of eSys and former director of Rainforest  
Ms Emily Chay (“Ms Chay”) |  Former Chief Financial Officer of eSys  
Mr Vikas Goel (“Mr Goel”) |  Former Managing Director of eSys and former sole director of Rainforest  
  
  

Underlying transaction: Share Subscription Agreement

9 On 10 November 2006, Mr Ram and Mr Padma of Teledata and/or Baytech, met
with Ms Chay and Mr Goel of eSys, wherein it was proposed that Teledata was
interested in investing in eSys. A Share Subscription Agreement (“SSA”) dated
29 November 2006 was thereafter entered into between Mr Goel, eSys and
Teledata.

10 The acquisition of majority control of eSys by Teledata was implemented via
the acquisition of shares in Rainforest, a special purpose vehicle set up by
eSys. Consequently, on 29 December 2006, eSys passed directors’ resolutions to
approve the transfer of its entire issued and paid up share capital to
Rainforest. eSys’s share capital consisted of 20 million fully paid up
ordinary shares. In the result, eSys became a wholly owned subsidiary of
Rainforest.

Terms of SSA and Supplemental Agreements

11 The salient terms of the SSA are as follows:

(a) Rainforest, a special purpose vehicle, was to be incorporated in the
British Virgin Islands for the purpose of the SSA. Mr Goel would conduct a
share swap by transferring all of his shares in eSys to Rainforest in return
for 49% of the shareholding of Rainforest.

(b) Teledata would invest approximately US$65 million in equity in Rainforest
and would extend a further loan of US$40 million to Rainforest.

(c) Rainforest was to utilise the monies and extend loans of up to US$60
million to eSys.

(d) Teledata would hold 51% of the shares in Rainforest upon payment of the
requisite sums.

12 The defendants stated that the SSA dated 29 November 2006 was subsequently
revised by supplemental agreements on 29 November 2006 (twice), 9 February
2007 (once) and 14 February 2007 (once). Under the amended SSA, the defendants
stated that it was agreed by Mr Goel and eSys that Baytech was to be appointed
as Teledata’s nominee for the purposes of subscribing to shares in Rainforest
pursuant to the SSA. SBI SG denied knowledge of any amendments having been
made to the SSA dated 29 November 2006. However, in an email chain between Mr
Ram and Mr Uthayacharan, the advocate and solicitor representing SBI SG , Mr
Uthayacharan specifically raised queries to Mr Ram in relation to the
supplemental agreement to the SSA dated 9 February 2007. From the email chain,
it would appear that contrary to SBI SG’s assertion, SBI SG was aware of the
supplemental agreements to the SSA. However, for reasons as explained in [53]
below, nothing turns on this.

13 In or around December 2006, payments due and owing under the SSA from
Teledata to eSys had not been made. Mr Padma and Mr Ram informed Ms Chay and
Mr Goel that Teledata had applied for a loan to finance the acquisition of the
shares in Rainforest and that the payments due and owing under the SSA would
be made soon thereafter. It was at this point that SBI SG entered into the
picture, in the provision of a sizeable loan facility to Baytech.

The Facility Agreement

14 Sometime in or around December 2006, Teledata decided to obtain financing
from SBI SG and negotiations were underway between the parties as evidenced by
the “indicative quote” dated 31 January 2007 from SBI SG to Teledata. However,
as Baytech was the special purpose vehicle of Teledata for the purposes of
this loan facility, SBI SG’s letter of offer dated 31 January 2007 was
addressed to Baytech instead. Upon conclusion of the negotiations, SBI SG
entered into a Facility Agreement dated 22 February 2007 (“the Facility
Agreement”) with Baytech. Pursuant to the terms of the Facility Agreement, SBI
SG agreed, _inter alia_ , to make available a US Dollar term loan facility in
aggregate sum of US$80 million to Baytech. The “Final Maturity Date” was
defined as 36 months from the date of drawdown and the entire loan facility
was drawn down by Baytech in one tranche on 23 February 2007.

15 Pursuant to cl 3.1, the stated purpose of the Facility Agreement was
clearly to finance the acquisition of 51% of the shares in Rainforest though
the SSA was not specifically referred to in the Facility Agreement:

The Borrower [Baytech] shall apply all amounts borrowed by it under the
Facility for control of the majority share holding in [eSys] by acquisition of
51% of the equity shares in [Rainforest], British Virgin Islands.

16 A number of securities were provided to SBI SG pursuant to cl 4 of the
Facility Agreement to secure Baytech’s liability in the event of default:

(a) Corporate Guarantee by Teledata.

(b) Personal Guarantee of Mr Padma.

(c) An extension of all charges on all collateral securities in respect of
Teledata held by the State Bank of India, Overseas Branch, Chennai.

(d) First charge on all the fixed assets of Teledata.

(e) First charge on all the fixed assets of Teledata Marine Solutions Limited
and Teledata Technology Solutions Limited upon demerger.

(f) Pledge of 51% of the paid up share capital of eSys to be acquired out of
the facility, which pledge shall be completed and duly registered as a charge
in favour of SBI SG within 30 days of the execution of the Facility Agreement.

(g) Pledge of 51% of the paid up share capital of Rainforest, which pledge
shall be completed and duly registered as a charge in favour of SBI SG within
30 days of the execution of the Facility Agreement.

17 In accordance with cl 4, as security for the Facility Agreement, both
Teledata and Mr Padma signed corporate and personal guarantees respectively
dated 1 October 2008 in favour of SBI SG. More importantly, for the purposes
of this dispute, pursuant to cl 4(iv), 10,200,000 shares in eSys (representing
51% of eSys’s share capital) (“the Pledged Shares”) were “pledged” by
Rainforest to SBI SG.

The Pledged Shares

18 By letter dated 5 April 2007 addressed to SBI SG, Rainforest delivered
Share Certificates Nos 10, 11, 12, 13 and 14 of eSys, (“the Share
Certificates”) together with a signed blank share transfer form to SBI SG. The
letter signed by Mr Goel as “Sole Director of Rainforest” read as follows:

This has reference to the facility of Foreign Currency _Loan of USD 80
million_ granted by your Bank to Baytech Inc (wholly owned subsidiary of
Teledata....)

The above facility has been granted to Baytech Inc pursuant to the facility
agreement entered into between your branch and Baytech Inc, British Virgin
Islands.

As per the terms of the facility agreement, we have to pledge the shares of
[eSys] standing in the name of [Rainforest] with your office and we have
handed over the following share certificates standing in the name of the
company to your office vide our separate letter.

...

We have also noted the above pledge of shares in our Books in [SBI SG’s]
favour. We request you to take on record the pledge of shares.

[emphasis added]

19 In a separate letter dated 5 April 2007 from eSys to SBI SG also signed by
Mr Goel, eSys expressly acknowledged the delivery of the Share Certificates
and stated that such delivery was “part of the security for the [Facility
Agreement]”. The letter signed by Mr Goel as “Managing Director” of eSys read:

**Sub: Pledge of shares standing in the name of Rainforest Trading Limited –**
**_[Facility Agreement] of USD 80 million granted to Baytech Inc_**

...

The beneficiary of the shares viz., [Rainforest] has advised that the above
share certificates have been pledge [sic] in favour of State Bank of India as
_part of security for the_ [Facility Agreement]. In this connection, we
confirm having noted the interest of State Bank of India in the shares in the
Register of Members. _We note to obtain the clearance from State Bank of
India, Singapore, before effecting any change in the name/s of beneficiary of
the above shares_.

[emphasis added]

20 In addition, a further accompanying cover letter dated 5 April 2007
attached to the blank share transfer form duly signed by Mr Goel as the “Sole
Director” of Rainforest, read:

**Syndicated Term** **_Loan of US$ 80 Million_** **availed by Baytech Inc**.

**\- Facility Agreement dated 22/02/07**

_As one of the securities for the above loan_ , we had tendered to you five
share certificates (representing 10.2 million shares) issued by [eSys] for in
favour of [Rainforest]. _In continuation of this, we now present the blank
share transfer form duly signed_. Please acknowledge.

[emphasis added]

21 In the letters dated 5 April 2007 from both Rainforest and eSys, Mr Goel
expressly stated that SBI SG’s interest in the Pledged Shares was recorded in
the companies’ books/register of members and that the shares were being
offered as security for the loan provided by SBI SG to Baytech under the
Facility Agreement. Furthermore, on or around 10 December 2007, Rainforest had
pursuant to the Facility Agreement, registered a charge over the Pledged
Shares in favour of SBI SG in the British Virgin Islands as “security for a US
Dollar term loan” for the sum of US$80 million.

Event of default

22 Clause 21 of the Facility Agreement states that an event of default will be
deemed to have occurred if:

**2** **1.1 Non-Payment**

A member of the Core Group does not pay on the due date any amount payable
pursuant to a Finance Document at the place and in the currency in which it is
expressed to be payable unless:

(a) its failure to pay is caused by administrative or technical error; and

(b) payment is made within 5 Business Days of its due date.

“Core Group” is defined under the Facility Agreement to mean “the Borrower,
Obligors and the Guarantor/s”.

23 Clause 7.1 of the Facility Agreement, the governing clause pertaining to
repayment of the loan, states:

(a) The Borrower shall repay each Loan on or before the Final Maturity Date by
way of 5 half yearly instalments of USD13,000,000 each, and the 6th and last
instalment of USD15,000,000, the 1st such instalment being payable within 6
months after drawdown.

It is common ground that in breach of cl 7.1, Baytech failed to make payment
of the US$13 million due and owing to SBI SG on 20 February 2009\. By letter
dated 25 March 2010 to Baytech, SBI SG declared that an event of default had
occurred under the Facility Agreement and that all outstanding sums, together
with accrued interest, and all other amounts accrued under the Facility
Agreement became immediately due and payable. SBI SG stated that a sum of
US$41,989,189.91 plus interest accrued from the date of default until the date
of full payment was due and owing under the Facility Agreement to be paid
within seven days of receipt of the letter, _ie_ , on 2 April 2010.

24 Having received no response from Baytech, by way of letters dated 16 April
2010, SBI SG called upon Teledata and Mr Padma to pay under the corporate and
personal guarantees respectively. Teledata and Mr Padma failed to make the
payment within the stipulated deadline. In light of the failure of the
guarantors to honour their respective guarantees, SBI SG then sought to
enforce its security over the Pledged Shares towards repayment of the
outstanding debt owed by Baytech. This was the background against which the
principal issue relating to the enforcement of the Pledged Shares came before
this court for determination.

Multiplicity of legal proceedings

25 The parties central to the present dispute have also commenced other
proceedings against each other in India, New York and Singapore. In or around
November 2009, Teledata commenced court proceedings against Mr Goel and eSys
in India. Mr Goel and eSys have also commenced committal proceedings against
Teledata in India on the basis that Teledata had relied on a forged document
in the Indian proceedings.

26 On 18 November 2010, Mr Goel and Rainforest brought an action in New York
against Mr Ramachandran, Bunge Ltd and Bunge SA in relation to the illegal
transfer of US$7.5 million out of Rainforest’s bank account.

27 On 12 November 2010, Mr Goel and Rainforest commenced arbitration
proceedings in Singapore against, _inter alia_ , Teledata, in relation to,
_inter alia_ , the use of a purportedly forged SSA (“the forged copy”) by
Teledata. In the arbitration proceedings, the defendants are seeking an order
for Teledata/Baytech to procure the delivery up of the Pledged Shares.

28 It is, however, material to highlight that SBI SG is **_not_** a party to
any of the other proceedings and, more significantly, none of the papers filed
in support of the legal proceedings contain any allegations against SBI SG.
However, on 18 May 2011 (one day prior to the hearing of OS 958/2010)
Rainforest commenced a separate action, Suit No 362/2011 (“S 362/2011”)
against SBI SG and others, seeking, _inter alia_ , an order to set aside the
Pledged Shares, essentially in reliance on the various allegations raised
against SBI SG in the present action, OS 958/2010.

Procedural history of the OS

29 At the Pre-Trial conference held on 12 October 2010 in relation to OS
958/2010, in response to the defendants’ notice that they would be raising
allegations of fraud, the Senior Assistant Registrar, Mr Yeong Zee Kin
directed the defendants to file an application to convert OS 958/2010 to a
writ action. Accordingly, the defendants filed Summons No 5300 of 2010/B (“the
Summons”) and it came before an Assistant Registrar (“the AR”) on 11 January
2011 whereupon he ordered OS 958/2010 to be converted to a writ action.

30 SBI SG appealed against the AR’s decision and on 4 March 2011, Kan Ting
Chiu J allowed the appeal and restored the action as OS 958/2010. In Kan J’s
view, the allegations of fraud raised in the affidavits by the defendants did
not constitute sufficient evidence to warrant the conversion of OS 958/2010 to
a writ action. In any event, Kan J opined that the allegations of fraud could
be re-considered by the court at the substantive hearing in OS 958/2010. There
was no appeal from Kan J’s decision. For reasons which I will elaborate below
at [48]–[77], it is clear to me that the allegations of fraud raised by the
defendants are devoid of any merit and consequently have no bearing on the
substantive issues before me.

The original OS

31 SBI SG presented a straightforward case in OS 958/2010. As an event of
default had occurred under the Facility Agreement, SBI SG sought to perfect
its security in the Pledged Shares. SBI SG submitted that the deposit of the
share certificates accompanied by a signed blank share transfer form gave rise
to an equitable mortgage with an implied power of sale upon default. The crux
of the defendants’ case was that the Pledged Shares were procured and/or
obtained through an elaborate fraud perpetrated by Teledata, Baytech and SBI
SG. As a result of the purported fraud and forgery, the defendants argued that
Rainforest was induced into granting the Pledged Shares as security for the
Facility Agreement and consequently, by reason of SBI SG’s involvement in the
fraud, SBI SG is not entitled to benefit from or enforce the Pledged Shares.
Further, the defendants reinstated their original position that OS 958/2010
should be converted to a writ action.

32 As Baytech and Teledata are not parties to these proceedings and the
enforcement of SBI SG’s security in the Pledged Shares is the primary issue
before the court, the defendants’ case rested on establishing that SBI SG was
complicit in the purported fraud. It cannot be gainsaid that the fraud, if
any, perpetrated by other parties to this dispute, in the absence of
complicity on the part of SBI SG, would not affect the validity or
enforceability of the Pledged Shares.

Amendment of the OS

33 At the commencement of the hearing before me, the reliefs originally sought
by SBI SG in OS 958/2010 were as follows:

(a) Declarations that pursuant to the terms of a Facility Agreement dated 22
February 2007 entered into between SBI SG and Baytech:

(i)

an Event of Default has occurred pursuant to _inter alia_ cl 21 of the
Facility Agreement; and

(ii)

SBI SG is entitled to enforce its security over the Pledged Shares in
connection with the Facility Agreement.

(b) SBI SG be at liberty to sell the Pledged Shares without further notice to
the defendants.

(c) SBI SG be empowered to transfer the Pledged Shares to any party without
further notice to the defendants and/or any member notwithstanding any
provision in eSys’s Articles of Association (“eSys Articles”), and to receive
any dividends due or to accrue thereon.

(d) Directors of eSys be directed to register any transfer of the Pledged
Shares.

(e) eSys to give access to SBI SG and/or authorised representatives to all
books and records as may be reasonably required to carry out a valuation of
the Pledged Shares.

(f) Costs to be fixed and paid to SBI SG.

34 Counsel for the defendants, Mr Samuel Chacko (“Mr Chacko”) initially
challenged OS 958/2010 only on the basis of various allegations of
fraud/forgery and complicity against SBI SG. In the course of the hearing, I
expressed my doubts as to whether the court is empowered to order the sale of
the Pledged Shares without reference to the eSys Articles. I invited both Mr
Chacko and counsel for SBI SG, Mr Pradeep Pillai (“Mr Pillai”) to research the
point and on resumption of the hearing, both counsel accepted that any sale of
the Pledged Shares, even if ordered by the court, must comply with the eSys
Articles. Under these circumstances, Mr Pillai, having considered the inherent
difficulties with the original reliefs, sought leave to amend OS 958/2010
(“Amended OS”) as follows:

(a) SBI SG be at liberty to sell the Pledged Shares _subject to the provisions
in eSys’s Articles of Association_.

35 SBI SG also re-stated the other declaratory reliefs sought earlier pursuant
to the Facility Agreement:

(a) An event of default has occurred pursuant to _inter alia_ cl 21.

(b) SBI SG is entitled to enforce its security over the Pledged Shares in
connection with the Facility Agreement.

(c) Rainforest forthwith give access to SBI SG and the authorised
representatives all books and records of eSys as may be reasonably required to
carry out a valuation of the Pledged Shares.

(d) Costs to be fixed and paid to SBI SG.

Mr Chacko did not raise any objection to the amendments made to OS 958/2010.

The issues

36 Arising from the Amended OS, the following issues are before me for
determination:

(a) Should this OS be converted to a writ action?

(b) Has an event of default occurred under the Facility Agreement?

(c) Is there any merit in the defendants’ allegations of SBI SG’s complicity
in the purported fraud of Teledata/Baytech?

(d) Does the deposit of share certificates and a signed blank share transfer
form as security give rise to an equitable mortgage?

(e) Whether the deposit of share certificates together with a signed blank
share transfer form alone, gives an equitable mortgagee a power of sale.

(f) How do restrictions in the eSys Articles affect the implied power of sale
of an equitable mortgagee?

(g) Assuming there is such a power of sale, how does SBI SG as an equitable
mortgagee enforce the power of sale with reference to the eSys Articles?

(h) How do the eSys Articles operate when the shares involved a wholly owned
subsidiary, _ie_ , eSys, “pledged” by its holding company, Rainforest?

(i) Given that SBI SG accepts that the court cannot order the sale of the
Pledged Shares without reference to the eSys Articles, is there any practical
purpose in the court granting the relief sought by SBI SG?

Issues (d) to (i) were raised by the court and both parties were given time to
address them by way of supplementary written submissions.

Should the OS be converted to a writ action

37 In spite of the Order made by Kan J, the defendants revived their earlier
submission that OS 958/2010 should be converted to a writ action to be heard
together with S 362/2011 or in the alternative, that OS 958/2010 should be
heard after the conclusion of S 362/2011. In my view, there is no merit in
this submission. First, the defendants did not appeal against Kan J’s decision
when he disallowed the application to convert OS 958/2010 to a writ action.
Secondly, although Kan J remarked that the fraud allegations could be re-
considered by the judge hearing the substantive application, for reasons which
will be apparent below (see [48]–[77]), having considered the allegations, I
can see no reason why the matter cannot be disposed of by way of the Amended
OS.

Has an event of default occurred

38 By letter dated 25 March 2010 to Baytech, SBI SG declared that an event of
default had occurred under the Facility Agreement and that all outstanding
sums, together with accrued interest, and all other amounts accrued under the
Facility Agreement became immediately due and payable. There was no response
from Baytech.

39 In their written submissions, the defendants conceded that they are not in
a position to challenge SBI SG’s assertion that Baytech is in default.
However, Mr Chacko submitted that since Baytech is not a party to OS 958/2010,
such a declaration does not bind Baytech and therefore there is “no legitimate
reason in granting the declaration” and to do so, the court would be acting in
vain.

40 While it is correct that Baytech is not a party to OS 958/2010, I disagree
with Mr Chacko that there is no legitimate reason to declare that an event of
default has occurred. For reasons as explained in [93]–[96] below, the implied
power of sale of an equitable mortgagee only arises by operation of law upon
default. That being the case, a declaration of default must necessarily
precede any steps to enforce the Pledged Shares. On the evidence before me,
there can be no doubt that an event of default has occurred under the Facility
Agreement and I so declare it.

The fraud allegations raised by the defendants

41 The defendants’ principal argument, whether under the original OS or the
Amended OS, was that SBI SG’s security interest in the “Pledged Shares” was
tainted by fraud, forgery and bribery (“collectively referred to as the fraud
allegations”). In an effort to make good their case on fraud, the defendants
have raised a wide range of fraud allegations against SBI SG, each of which
will be examined below. However, before embarking on a detailed review of the
fraud allegations, it is perhaps useful to take cognisance of the rules
governing reliance on hearsay evidence in affidavits and the duty of counsel
in raising allegations of fraud in affidavits.

Contents of the defendants’ affidavits

42 Order 41 rule 5 of the Rules of Court (Cap 322, 2006 Rev Ed) (“the Rules of
Court”) pertaining to the contents of affidavits states:

(1) Subject to the other provisions of these Rules, an affidavit may contain
only _such facts as the deponent is able of his own knowledge to prove_.

(2) An affidavit sworn for the purpose of being used in interlocutory
proceedings may contain statements of information or belief with the sources
and grounds thereof.

[emphasis added]

43 The default rule is that an affidavit may only contain facts within the
deponent’s personal knowledge. The exception to this default rule is set out
under O 41 r 5(2) which permits reference to hearsay evidence for
interlocutory proceedings provided the grounds and source of belief are
stated. While the Rules of Court do not specifically define the term
“interlocutory proceedings” for the purposes of O 41 r 5(2), there is a
considerable body of case law on point. In _MUI Bank Bhd v Alkner Investments
Pte Ltd_ [1990] 3 MLJ 385 at 387–388, following the English Court of Appeal
decision of _Rossage v Rossage_ [1960] 1 WLR 249, Chao Hick Tin JC (as he then
was) held that the application before him was not an interlocutory matter as
it was an application “to determine the rights of the parties”. Adopting a
similar approach to Chao JC, in “ _The Ocean Jade”_ [1991] 1 SLR(R) 354 at
[86], Karthigesu J stated that “only those applications which do not decide
the rights of the parties can be considered to be interlocutory”. The relevant
distinction is essentially between proceedings which seek an order relating to
the conduct or progress of the action or for the purposes of keeping things in
_status quo_ till the rights can be decided and proceedings which require the
court to adjudicate on the parties’ substantive rights.

44 Mr Pillai submitted that the OS before me clearly falls in the latter
category. This was not challenged by Mr Chacko. The court is faced with the
task of determining whether an event of default has occurred, whether an
equitable mortgage has arisen, if so whether a power of sale has accrued and
whether an order should be made to facilitate the fair valuation of the
Pledged Shares so as to enforce the eventual sale and transfer of the Pledged
Shares. The declaratory reliefs sought by SBI SG are not interlocutory in
nature as they cover substantive rights. It is clear that the underlying
purpose of O 41 r 5(1) is to ensure that ordinary rules of evidence including
the prohibition of hearsay evidence apply when the substantive rights of
parties are being adjudicated. Accordingly, the exception of O 41 r 5(2) does
not extend to the defendants in which event the defendants are precluded from
making allegations in its affidavits outside the personal knowledge of the
deponents. This might well be the reason why the defendants sought to convert
the OS to a writ action in order to circumvent the prohibition under O 41 r
5(1). This will become even clearer when the specific allegations of fraud are
scrutinised.

45 It should also be pointed out that there are professional rules of conduct
governing the conduct of solicitors in the drafting of affidavits containing
allegations of fraud. In this regard, lawyers should be reminded that Rule 59
of the Legal Profession (Professional Conduct) Rules (Cap 161, R 1, 2010 Rev
Ed) dictates as follows:

**Facts, arguments and allegations**

An advocate or solicitor shall not contrive facts which will assist his
client’s case **or** draft any originating process, pleading, **affidavit** ,
witness statement or notice or grounds of appeal containing:

...

(b) any allegation of fraud unless he has clear instructions to make such
allegation **and** _has before him reasonable credible material which as it
stands establishes a prima facie case of fraud_ ; or

(c) _in the case of an affidavit or witness statement, any statement of fact
other than the evidence which in substance according to his instructions the
advocate and solicitor reasonably believes the witness would give if the
evidence contained in the affidavit or witness statement were being given
orally_.

[emphasis added]

46 Rule 59 stipulates that an affidavit should not contain allegations of
fraud unless the advocate or solicitor has before him reasonable credible
material to establish a _prima facie_ case of fraud. In my view, the graver
the allegation of fraud, _eg_ , bribery, the greater the need for counsel to
address the issue of reasonable credible evidence to support it. In the
present case, as will be appreciated below, a number of the fraud allegations
made by the defendants were based entirely on hearsay evidence. The question
is whether evidence, inadmissible by reason of its hearsay nature, is _ipso
facto_ not reasonably credible for the purposes of r 59. As no submission was
made by either counsel on this issue and since its determination is strictly
not necessary for the purposes of the Amended OS, I shall refrain from
expressing a view on the matter. However, I wish to take this opportunity to
remind counsel of their duty under r 59.

The fraud allegations

47 The defendants have made wide ranging allegations in relation to the
purportedly fraudulent conduct of Teledata, Baytech, SBI SG and a number of
other unrelated entities to this action. Specifically, the defendants made the
following allegations, each of which will be considered below:

(a) The SSA exhibited by SBI SG was the forged copy and by comparing it with
the “true copy”, SBI SG would have been or was put on notice of the purported
forgery (“the Forgery Allegation”).

(b) SBI SG did not monitor the use of the loan monies by Baytech in accordance
with the stated purpose of the Facility Agreement (“the Failure to Monitor
Allegation”).

(c) SBI SG was complicit in the fraud of Teledata and Baytech, in relation to
the procurement of the Pledged Shares (“the Fraudulent Procurement
Allegation”).

(d) SBI SG was complicit in the fraudulent conduct of Teledata and Baytech
such as the churning of debts and acceptance of bribes from the
representatives of Teledata in granting the Facility Agreement. OS 958/2010
was also filed by SBI SG to gain majority control of eSys in order to stymie
other proceedings from being commenced by the defendants (“the Bribery
Allegation”).

The Forgery Allegation

48 The defendants alleged that Teledata relied on the “forged copy” of the SSA
to obtain the Facility Agreement from SBI SG. The defendants asserted that the
SSA drafted by M/s Drew & Napier LLC and certified by Mr Aaron Kok Ther Chien
of Drew & Napier LLC, was the “true copy” of the SSA which accurately reflects
the agreement reached between eSys, Mr Goel and Teledata. By reason of a range
of “glaring inconsistencies” identified between the “true copy” and the
“forged copy” of the SSA, the defendants claimed that the SSA exhibited by SBI
SG was a forgery and that SBI SG should have been put on notice of the
forgery. The following discrepancies were identified between the “forged copy”
and the “true copy” of the SSA:

(a) Clause 2.1 of the “forged copy” of the SSA stated that the acquisition
price for each Rainforest share was $1.00. Hence for the 61,200,201 Rainforest
shares to be purchased, the total sum payable by Teledata should have been
US$61,200,201. Instead, cll 2.1 and 2.3 reflected the total sum payable as
US$105 million.

(b) The “forged copy” of the SSA was signed only on the execution page whereas
the “true copy” was signed and initialled on every page.

(c) The “forged copy” of the SSA contained numerous spelling, formatting
errors and was poorly drafted.

(d) No reference was made to Baytech in the “forged copy” of the SSA raising
questions as to why SBI SG would extend the Facility Agreement to Baytech.

49 The defendants averred that Teledata and/or Baytech forged the SSA
exhibited by SBI SG dated 29 November 2006 to reflect a higher sum payable for
the Rainforest shares (_ie_ , US$105 million instead of about US$61 million)
so as to procure a larger loan from SBI SG. The crux of the defendants’
argument was that SBI SG knew or ought to have known that the SSA was a
forgery but nonetheless approved and extended the Facility Agreement to
Baytech to purchase shares from Rainforest at an inflated price. The
defendants argued that by reference to the “true copy” of the SSA and its
supplemental agreements, it was apparent or ought to have been apparent to SBI
SG that “the documentation underlying the transaction was flawed”.

50 The defendants averred that under cl 2.3 of the “forged copy” of the SSA,
Teledata (or its subsidiaries/associates) would make payment of US$105 million
to acquire a 51% interest in Rainforest. The defendants stated that in the
“true copy” of the SSA, the acquisition price was instead stated as US$61
million. The defendants therefore extrapolated that by advancing a loan
facility of US$80 million in reliance on the “forged copy”, SBI SG effectively
granted Baytech a loan of 76% of the total price payable to acquire the 51%
interest in Rainforest. As 76% of the total consideration price of US$105
million was granted pursuant to the Facility Agreement, the defendants
speculated that if the “true copy” had been relied on, SBI SG might only have
approved a loan of US$46 million (_ie_ , 76% of US$61 million). On the back of
this submission, the defendants then rationalised that SBI SG cannot
legitimately claim for the outstanding amount of US$41,989,189.91 due and
owing under the Facility Agreement because this would mean that more than
US$38 million (US$80 million – US$41,989,189.91) has since been repaid under
the Facility Agreement. It therefore follows, according to the defendants,
that if the loan amount had been US$46 million instead of US$80 million, the
balance outstanding would only have been about US$8.5 million.

51 The heart of the “Forgery Allegation” presupposed two fundamental
assumptions. First, SBI SG had in its possession both the “forged copy” and
the “true copy” of the SSA and second that if Rainforest had known that the
loan amount to Baytech under the Facility Agreement was US$80 million,
Rainforest would not have pledged the eSys shares.

52 It should be noted that the defendants have not alleged that SBI SG had in
any way participated in the “forgery” of the SSA. They merely asserted that by
comparing both versions of the SSA, SBI SG ought to have known that the
version in its possession was forged. However, the defendants have not adduced
any evidence to establish that SBI SG had received the “true copy” of the SSA
at any material time. Upon my examination of both versions of the SSA, I found
it interesting that at the top of every page of the “forged copy”, the
facsimile printout clearly evidenced that the “forged copy” was faxed over by
Teledata to SBI SG on 15 February 2007. In contrast, no similar marking
appeared on the “true copy”. In the absence of any evidence that SBI had
received the “true copy”, the defendants could not credibly assert that SBI SG
was in possession of both versions and was thereby put on notice of the
discrepancies by comparing them.

53 Although it appears that SBI SG was aware of the supplemental agreements to
the SSA, the defendants have not suggested that SBI SG knew or ought to have
known that the SSA in its possession was the “forged copy” from a perusal of
the supplemental agreements. It is also curious for the defendants to claim
that since no reference was made to Baytech in the “forged copy” of the SSA,
it raises questions as to why SBI SG would extend the Facility Agreement to
Baytech. By the same token, no reference was made to Baytech in the “true
copy” of the SSA as well. Further, when I perused the supplemental agreements
(which the defendants claimed SBI SG were aware of), there was actually a
reference to Baytech in the supplemental agreement dated 9 February 2007.

54 Further, while it cannot be denied that the loan under the Facility
Agreement was to finance the purchase of 51% shareholding in Rainforest, the
execution of the SSA, true or forged copy, under which the Rainforest shares
were purchased was not a condition precedent to the Facility Agreement and was
in fact not even referred to in the Facility Agreement. It is relevant to
point out that SBI SG only received the “forged copy” on 15 February 2007,
_after_ the letter of offer for the Facility Agreement had been issued to
Baytech on 31 January 2007.

55 While it is true that the Facility Agreement was executed on 22 February
2007 _after_ receipt of the “forged copy” of the SSA, it is crucial to note
from the three letters dated 5 April 2007 signed by Mr Goel on behalf of
Rainforest and eSys as well as the charge over the Pledged Shares registered
by Rainforest (see [18]–[21] above), that Rainforest knew that the loan amount
under the Facility Agreement was US$80 million. Therefore the forgery, even if
true, does not alter the undeniable fact that Rainforest knew that the Pledged
Shares were offered as security for a US$80 million loan to Baytech under the
Facility Agreement. It is disingenuous for the defendants to undertake a
speculative mathematical exercise as to what the loan amount would have been
had SBI SG been aware of the “true copy” of the SSA when by the objective
evidence before me, Rainforest knew fully well that the Pledged Shares were
offered as security for a US$80 million loan to Baytech. If what the
defendants say is true, it would mean that Rainforest, eSys and Mr Goel who
signed the three letters were themselves complicit in obtaining a loan at an
inflated price of the Rainforest shares under the “true copy” of the SSA. As
such, it is fallacious for the defendants to submit that “[i]f the Defendants
had known of the attempts to rely on a forged document for the purposes of
fraudulently obtaining a higher loan facility, the Defendants would not have
agreed to grant any charges to SBI over the shares.”

56 On the facts before this court, no evidence was adduced to establish that
SBI SG had any knowledge of the purported forgery or had even received the
allegedly “true copy” of the SSA in order to be placed on notice of the
alleged discrepancies. Finally, as highlighted above, Rainforest at all
material times was fully aware that the loan under the Facility Agreement was
US$80 million and more importantly, willingly offered the Pledged Shares as
security for the Facility Agreement.

The Failure to Monitor Allegation

57 The defendants stated that the Facility Agreement was not used for its
stated purpose as Baytech did not utilise the loan monies to make the payments
due and owing to Rainforest in accordance with the SSA. While the Facility
Agreement or the letter of offer did not make specific reference to the SSA,
by reason of cl 3.1 of the Facility Agreement, reproduced at [15], it is
apparent that the purpose of the US$80 million loan was to acquire the 51%
shareholding in Rainforest.

58 Did Teledata and/or Baytech fail to make payment to Rainforest in breach of
the SSA? If so, how is this relevant to the issues to the present dispute? In
an affidavit filed by Mr Goel in a separate proceeding in Suit 854 of 2006 (“S
854/2006”) at [63], he confirmed that Teledata had paid US$55 million for 55
million shares in Rainforest. Of the US$55 million paid to Rainforest, US$31
million was paid after the Facility Agreement was executed on or about 22
February 2007. So clearly at least a substantial part of the loan was used to
pay for the Rainforest shares. The defendants argued that in breach of cl 3.1
of the Facility Agreement, the balance US$49 million of the loan disbursed by
SBI SG was not used to fund the acquisition of the 51% shareholding of
Rainforest. Further, the defendants claimed that the subscription price of
US$61 million has not been paid in full and until full payment, Baytech was
not entitled to the shares in Rainforest and as such the defendants argued
that it was “inconceivable that SBI [SG] could claim rights to these shares
under a purported charge”. Baytech’s purported breaches of its obligations to
Rainforest under the SSA are currently the subject matter of separate
arbitration proceedings in Singapore between, _inter alia_ , Mr Goel,
Rainforest, Teledata and Baytech to which SBI SG is not a party.

59 There are serious and insurmountable difficulties in the defendants’
arguments. First, under cl 3.2 of the Facility Agreement, SBI SG was not
required to monitor the use of the loan facility by Baytech/Teledata:

No Finance Party is bound to monitor or verify the application of any amount
borrowed pursuant to this Agreement.

“Finance Party” is defined in the Facility Agreement to include the Lender,
SBI SG.

60 Secondly, it is clear that the loan amount of US$80 million was in fact
granted to Baytech and that there was a drawdown by Baytech of the entire
US$80 million in one tranche on 23 January 2007. The enforcement of any
security, including the Pledged Shares, under the Facility Agreement was in no
way contingent on the successful completion of the SSA particularly since the
SSA was concluded some three months _prior_ to the Facility Agreement.
Contrary to the defendants’ submission, there is nothing “inconceivable” for
SBI SG to enforce the Pledged Shares upon default of the Facility Agreement.
Any non-payment by Teledata and/or Baytech under the SSA is irrelevant to the
rights and obligations of SBI SG _vis-a-vis_ Rainforest in relation to the
Pledged Shares. They are entirely separate transactions.

61 In any event, taking the defendants’ argument at its highest, even if
Baytech had breached cl 2.3 of the SSA in failing to make full payment for the
Rainforest shares by the contractually stipulated deadline of 30 December
2006, Rainforest nevertheless readily pledged the shares to SBI SG on or about
5 April 2007, well after passing the payment deadline. In other words, the
shares were pledged notwithstanding the fact that Rainforest had full
knowledge that the purchase price under the SSA had not been fully paid up. In
spite of the alleged non-compliance with the stated purpose of the Facility
Agreement, Rainforest willingly and unequivocally provided security by way of
the Pledged Shares for the Facility Agreement and soon thereafter duly
registered a charge over the Pledged Shares in SBI SG’s favour in the British
Virgin Islands.

62 In an attempt to clarify Mr Goel’s evidence in S 854/2006, the defendants
stated that between December 2006 and February 2007, a sum of US$55 million
was indeed paid to Rainforest under the SSA in ten separate deposits. However,
they alleged that a total sum of US$54,800,000 was then transferred out of
Rainforest’s account as short-term loans for Teledata’s suppliers for which
Teledata agreed to pay interest at 12% per annum. The defendants claimed that
Rainforest’s bank account was operated on the instructions of Baytech/Teledata
and since Teledata was a majority shareholder of Rainforest, there was no
reason to doubt its intentions. It is far from clear how this allegation or
submission in any way implicates SBI SG or relates to the central question of
the validity or enforceability of the Pledged Shares. The claim by Rainforest
against Teledata for repayment of theses alleged short term loans has nothing
to do with the enforceability of the Pledged Shares.

63 As SBI SG had no obligation to monitor the use of the loan monies and as
Rainforest had willingly provided security by way of the Pledged Shares to SBI
SG for the Facility Agreement notwithstanding Baytech’s alleged failure to
make payment of the full purchase price for the Rainforest shares under the
SSA, the defendants’ arguments at this stage came across as an afterthought
and were irrelevant to either the validity or the enforceability of the
Pledged Shares.

The Fraudulent Procurement Allegation

64 The defendants submitted that the purpose of the pledge was “intended to
prevent a sale of the eSys Shares to third parties” and not as security for
the Facility Agreement. The defendants submitted that sometime in or around
January or February 2007, Ms Chay, accompanied by another employee of eSys,
handed over the Share Certificates to Mr Uthayacharan, the solicitor
representing SBI SG. The defendants reasoned that the Share Certificates were
delivered to Mr Utayacharan prior to the execution of the Facility Agreement
(_ie_ , 22 February 2007) because Mr Goel and the defendants were allegedly
informed by Mr Ram of Teledata that SBI SG’s Mr S Adikesavan, the Manager of
Credit Administration, had made clear that the request for the pledge of eSys
shares was merely an administrative formality and would not amount to a formal
charge. SBI SG objected to this allegation as it is plainly hearsay. In
response, the defendants, while not denying its characterisation as hearsay
evidence, alleged that they were prevented by Teledata and its representatives
from having any contact with SBI SG and its officers. The primary contact
between them in respect of the Facility Agreement was Mr Ram from Teledata,
who purportedly repeatedly told them not to contact SBI SG or its officers. I
fail to see how the alleged difficulties experienced by the defendants in
having direct contact with SBI SG can render the evidence any more admissible.
Even if these representations had indeed been made by Teledata’s
representatives to the defendants, there is no objective evidence before me
that SBI SG was aware of them at any material time.

65 Notwithstanding these allegations, it is undeniable that the express
wording of the three covering letters from eSys and Rainforest unequivocally
referred to the Pledged Shares _as security_. None of the letters referred to
the alleged “administrative formality”. Further, in an internal email dated 23
March 2007 from Mr Ravindran Varadarajan (“Mr Ravi”), Senior Finance Manager
of eSys to Ms Chay and Mr Ram, Mr Ravi informed Ms Chay of the need to submit
additional documents, namely a blank signed share transfer form and a letter
from Rainforest specifically stating that the Pledged Shares were provided as
_security_ for the Facility Agreement.

66 In the circumstances, I accept SBI SG’s submission, that it was incredible
that Mr Goel would have unreservedly pledged 51% of the shares in eSys, issued
a signed blank share transfer form and consistently referred to the Pledged
Shares as “security” if he was indeed under the genuine belief that the pledge
was merely an administrative formality. Additionally, both Rainforest and eSys
recorded SBI SG’s interest in the Pledged Shares in their books and registers
of members in addition to registering a charge in the British Virgin Islands
in favour of SBI SG over the Pledged Shares. If the true purpose of the
delivery of the share certificates was _merely_ to prevent a sale of the same,
eSys/Rainforest would not have undertaken such elaborate steps without protest
or query. Such a claim rings hollow in the face of clear objective evidence
that the shares were indeed “pledged” to SBI SG as security for the Facility
Agreement.

The Bribery Allegation

67 A multitude of serious allegations were made by the defendants through the
affidavits of Mr Goel and Mr Sharma under this category. Each of them will be
separately examined below:

(a) In or around early 2007, at a meeting held at a seafood restaurant in
Bangkok, Mr Padma told Mr Goel that Teledata paid a bribe of 2% of the
Facility to senior officers of SBI SG to ensure that the Facility was
approved.

68 This is plainly hearsay and yet the serious allegation of bribery was made
without any qualms on the part of the defendants. It is obvious that the
allegedly “corrupt” senior officers of SBI SG were not even identified.
Further, Mr Goel, by his own evidence, knew about the bribery in early 2007
and yet he continued to participate in the transaction with Teledata and Mr
Padma without any record of his protest in the contemporaneous documents and
thereafter took several steps in offering the Pledged Shares as security for
the Facility Agrement.

(b) As SBI SG is a major international bank, the bribe was “the only possible
explanation for the failure of [SBI SG’s] officers to perform proper due
diligence to ensure that the terms of the Facility Agreement are genuine and
correctly reflect the underlying documentation”.

69 The Facility Agreement was supported by contemporaneous documentation and
there was no evidence that SBI SG had failed to properly conduct proper due
diligence. It is also clear from the evidence that Rainforest was fully aware
that the Pledged Shares were offered as security for the US$80 million under
the Facility Agreement. I fail to see how the lack of due diligence on the
part of SBI SG, if any, would necessarily mean that the officers of SBI SG
must therefore have been bribed.

(c) SBI SG’s decision to release the US$80 million to Baytech rather than
Rainforest was “against industry practice” as it facilitated fraud in cases
where the buyer did not use the said funds for the stated purpose. The
defendants suggested that normal practice would dictate releasing the funds
directly to the seller.

70 This is an ill-considered allegation. It bears mention that the Borrower
under the Facility Agreement is Baytech and not Rainforest. There is no reason
why releasing the loan to Baytech, _ie_ , the Borrower, would facilitate fraud
or is contrary to industry practice. The defendants’ scenario of dispensing
the funds to the seller is typically adopted where the agreement specifically
provides for release of the purchase price to the seller. Such a submission,
in the absence of any contractual obligation under the Facility Agreement, is
bereft of any merit.

(d) Teledata and SBI SG shared a long standing banking relationship and it is
stated that in or around 2008, Mr Padma and Mr Anush Ramachandran (“Mr
Ramachandran”) told Mr Goel that Teledata owed substantial sums of money to
SBI SG. Mr Padma and Mr Ramachandran confirmed that SBI SG’s officers assisted
Teledata in “churning” its debts and other obligations, _ie_ , establishing
new dummy loans to settle existing obligations owed to SBI SG. One of the
examples stated of “churning of debts” was Teledata making two separate
payments amounting to US$7.5 million to a Swiss Company Bunge SA, a company
which had loans with SBI SG. The defendants alleged that a substantial part of
the balance amount of approximately US$46 million of the remaining portion of
the loan facility also found its way back through Bunge/Teledata and other
dummy companies back to SBI SG.

71 First, there is nothing objectionable or unusual for banks to have long
standing relationship with clients. In fact, banks strive to achieve such
relationships. Secondly, the above allegations are completely hearsay.
Although there was no basis for the defendants to have alleged that part of
the US$80 million loan found its way back to Teledata and its related
companies, nonetheless, during the hearing, I directed Mr Pillai to produce
documentary evidence to show that the loan monies had in fact been disbursed
to Baytech. In response to my direction, SBI SG filed an affidavit by Marur
Narasimha Aravind Kumar dated 19 May 2011 wherein a Swift secure authenticated
message was exhibited evidencing the transfer of US$80 million to Baytech’s
account with HSBC Bank in Hong Kong. The loan was therefore paid to a
different bank (HSBC Bank) in a different country (Hong Kong). Thirdly, by
their own case, at least US$24 million had already been paid by Teledata to
Rainforest under the SSA _prior_ to the Facility Agreement. It therefore
stands to logic that part of the loan amount would not be released to
Rainforest under the SSA otherwise there would be overpayment. Finally, even
if the allegation of debt churning is true, it does not change the fact that
the Pledged Shares were willingly offered by Rainforest as security for the
US$80 million loan under the Facility Agreement and more pertinently,
Rainforest had received at least US$31 million from the loan drawdown.

(e) If SBI SG was innocent it should have made civil or criminal complaints
against Baytech and Teledata by reason of awareness of their forgery and fraud
for almost 2 years now. HSBC, Vijaya Bank and Canara Bank have all commenced
proceedings against Teledata in the past year.

72 This allegation presumes that Baytech and Teledata are guilty of fraud or
forgery but this has not been established. While the defendants may be
entirely comfortable to raise allegations of fraud without foundation, the
fact that others are not prepared to do so does not mean that they are
therefore complicit. This submission is nothing more than another shocking
specimen of a quantum leap in logic.

73 SBI SG has issued letters of demand to Baytech, Teledata and Mr Padma and
proceedings against the same, according to Mr Pillai, are being contemplated
in India. In any event, there is no requirement at law that steps must be
taken or judgment must be obtained against the Borrower or the guarantors
before SBI SG is entitled to enforce its security over the Pledged Shares.

(f) SBI SG refused to meet Mr Sharma after the meeting in January/February
2010 to discuss the fraud that Teledata had committed. SBI SG’s refusal to
meet was because it was involved in the said fraud and has been actively
taking instructions from Teledata executives and assisting Teledata for some
years to “churn” its old debts with new debts.

74 This is another outrageous allegation which is utterly baseless and
speculative.

(g) The defendants raised the fact that beyond issuing the letters of demand
to Baytech, Teledata and Mr Padma, SBI SG has not done anything to enforce the
various other securities provided for under the Facility Agreement. Instead
SBI SG has only taken steps to enforce the Pledged Shares which the defendants
speculated was to gain control of eSys.The defendants averred that SBI SG was
working with “Teledata to attempt to obtain control over [eSys] to stymie
[eSys’s] legal claims against [SBI SG] and Teledata and/or its officers”.

75 This allegation should be examined in light of the chronology of the
various legal proceedings. It is not disputed that the arbitration proceedings
were commenced on 12 November 2010 some two months _after_ OS 958/2010 was
filed (16 September 2010). Further, the motive behind the enforcement cannot
affect the enforcement rights of SBI SG against the Pledged Shares. Any
suggestion that OS 958/2010 was brought to stymie legal proceedings against
SBI SG and/or Teledata is both irrelevant and speculative.

76 Mr Goel’s affidavit also raised multiple unrelated allegations in relation
to a number of unrelated entities to these proceedings such as eSys
Information Technologies Ltd (India), Bank of India, AlphaSoft and Solitus. In
my view, none of them have any bearing on the validity or enforceability of
the Pledged Shares.

77 Having determined that none of the fraud allegations levelled by the
defendants holds any water against SBI SG, I shall now turn my attention to
consider the issues of law raised by me during the hearing.

The nature of an equitable mortgage of shares

78 It is perhaps helpful to begin the analysis by underscoring the fact that
the deposit of share certificates together with a blank share transfer form,
often loosely described as a pledge of shares, actually gives rise to an
equitable mortgage and not a pledge. Associate Profesor Poh Chu Chai in _Law
of Pledges, Guarantees and Letters of Credit_ (Butterworths Asia, 5th Ed,
2003) at p 47 explains that:

It is fundamental to the concept of a pledge that possession of the chattel
being offered as security has to be transferred to the pledgee either
physically or constructively.

A chose in action ... with the exception of negotiable securities, does not
constitute a convenient subject matter for a pledge. Generally, a chose in
action represents a personal right enforceable only with the assistance of the
courts.

[L]egal title to the shares in a company passes to a third party only after
the share transfers are duly registered by the company. Thus, if a chose in
action is offered to a creditor as security, it is more appropriate to talk of
a mortgage of the chose in action rather than a pledge of the chose in action.

79 There is ample authority, both local and English cases, in support of the
settled principle of law that the deposit of share certificates together with
a signed blank share transfer form creates an equitable mortgage over the
shares. Mr Pillai relied on _Harrold v Plenty_ [1901] 2 Ch 314 (“ _Harrold v
Plenty_ ”) where the court held (at 316) that:

The only material allegation in the statement of claim is that in March, 1897,
the defendant deposited with Harrold the certificate of ten ordinary shares in
a limited company as security for the repayment to Harrold of the sum of
150l., then owing to him from the defendant, with interest thereon at the rate
of 6 _l_. per cent. per annum. _Now, it is plain that a pledgee is in a very
different position from an ordinary mortgagee. He has only a special property
in the thing pledged. He may obtain a sale, but he cannot obtain a
foreclosure. I do not think that this is properly a case of pledge_. A share
is a chose in action. The certificate is merely evidence of title, and
whatever may be the result of the deposit of a bearer bond, such as that which
Sir George Jessel dealt with in _Carter v. Wake_ (1), I think I cannot treat
the plaintiff as a mere pledgee. _The deposit of the certificate by way of
security for the debt, which is admitted, seems to me to amount to an
equitable mortgage, or, in other words, to an agreement to execute a transfer
of the shares by way of mortgage_. The result is that the plaintiff is
entitled to a judgment substantially in the form which would be given if,
instead of the certificate of shares, the document had been a title-deed of
real estate or a policy of assurance.

[emphasis added]

80 In _Stubbs v Slate_ r [1910] 1 Ch 632 (“ _Stubbs v Slater_ ”), the court
(at 638–639) arrived at the same conclusion on the law:

If one asks how they were entitled to sell it is necessary to go back a step.
The plaintiff handed over to the brokers one certificate for the 390 shares
together with a transfer executed by the plaintiff in blank, in which the
numbers of the shares were specified, but the name of the purchaser and the
consideration were, of course, not specified. It was the ordinary well-known
transfer in blank. Now what is the effect of that? I am astonished that there
should be any doubt about it. So long ago as 1899 Stirling J. in _London and
Midland Bank v Mitchell_ (1) dealt with a case of precisely this nature and
indicated what was the legal effect of it. _That was a case in which certain
shares together with a blank transfer had been deposited with a bank to secure
a debt_ , and it was held that the bank had not lost their right against the
shares although their simple contract remedy against the client was lost by
reason of the Statute of Limitations. _The Court there pointed out that the
whole transaction was a mortgage as to which the bank were entitled to the
ordinary remedy of foreclosure_.

[emphasis added]

81 Similarly, the Court of Appeal in _Pacrim Investments Pte Lte v Tan Mui
Keow Claire and another_ [2008] 2 SLR(R) 898 at [15] remarked:

Counsel for Pacrim conceded that the deposit of the share certificates
together with the signed blank transfers for the 70 million Consideration
Shares created an equitable mortgage. _We agree that, in law, a “pledge” of
share certificates accompanied by duly signed transfers is an equitable
mortgage_.

[emphasis added].

82 I had occasion in the recent decision of _Kong Swee Eng v Rolles Rudolf
Jurgen August_ [2011] 1 SLR 873 (“ _Kong Swee Eng_ ”) to consider this area of
the law. I observed that the decisions of _Harrold v Plenty_ and _Stubbs v
Slater_ , though not of recent vintage, remain good law. In _Kong Swee Eng_ ,
the facts were not as straightforward as the present case. As part of the
security for a sale and purchase agreement, the majority shareholder granted a
fixed charge over his shares as security. Under the charge, the majority
shareholder was supposed to deposit the share certificates together with the
duly executed share transfer forms with an escrow agent. However, due to an
oversight, the share certificates and the executed share transfer forms were
not deposited. In that case, it was common ground between the parties that the
pledge of the shares constituted an equitable mortgage even though neither the
share certificates nor the blank share transfer forms were in fact deposited.
I held at [28] that the omission on the part of the majority shareholder did
not alter the nature of the security interest in the shares.

83 Leading textbooks have also made the position clear beyond doubt. Edward I
Sykes and Sally Walker, _The Law of Securities_ (The Law Book Company Limited,
5th Ed, 1993), at p 782 states:

[A] deposit of a share certificate has always been held to constitute an
equitable mortgage.

Further, _Fisher and Lightwood’s Law of Mortgage_ (Wayne Clark ed, LexisNexis
Butterworths, 13th Ed, 2010) (“Fisher and Lightwood”) at [17.23] also states:

A mortgage of shares is most commonly effected by deposit of the share
certificates with the mortgagee ... _This is not a mere pledge, but affects a
true equitable mortgage entitling the mortgagee to foreclosure_.

[emphasis added]

84 It was therefore not remarkable for Mr Chacko to have initially conceded
during the hearing that SBI SG’s interest in the Pledged Shares was indeed in
the nature of an equitable mortgagee. However, he subsequently changed his
position during the hearing and claimed that the deposit of the Pledged Shares
together with the duly executed blank share transfer form “ _without more_ ”
was in law, no more than a possessory lien over the shares in order to prevent
Rainforest from dealing with or selling the shares. To borrow the words of
Cozens-Hardy MR in _Stubbs v Slater_ at 639, “ _I am astonished that there
should be any doubt about it_ ” [emphasis added].

85 In his written submissions, Mr Chacko suggested that _Harrold v Plenty_
might not offer as a reliable authority since the claim was not contested and
the decision was allegedly based on a misreading of _France v Clark_ (1881) 26
Ch D 257 (“ _France v Clark_ ”). He further relied on _Hunter v Hunter_ [1936]
AC 222 (“ _Hunter v Hunter_ ”) to demonstrate that the cases do not support
the “broad proposition put forward in _Harrold v Plenty”_. However, on any
examination of _France v Clark_ or _Hunter v Hunter_ , it is clear that the
principal issue in both cases concerned the propriety of the _exercise_ of the
power of sale by an equitable mortgagee. In fact, in _France v Clark_ at 262
and _Hunter v Hunter_ at 249, the courts proceeded on the basis that the
deposit of the shares together with the signed share transfer form gave rise
to an equitable mortgage. The defendants’ submissions on _France v Clark_ and
_Hunter v Hunter_ properly belong to the issue relating to the _exercise_ of
the power of sale which I will address separately below at [97]–[111].

Possessory lien

86 The _spectre_ of the possessory lien was raised by Mr Chacko during the
hearing without any supporting authority. I indicated my preliminary view that
the concept of a possessory lien might not apply to shares. Despite the time
given for additional research, this submission was repeated in the defendants’
further written submissions without any substantive authority other than
definitions extracted from various legal dictionaries. Mr Chacko did not
attempt any argument or furnish any authority to distinguish the preponderance
of local and English authorities and leading textbooks that a deposit of share
certificates accompanied by a signed blank share transfer form gives rise to
an equitable mortgage. As I have explained at [85] above, his reliance on
_France v Clark_ and _Hunter v Hunter_ in fact support the settled principle
of law.

87 As a convenient starting point, ELG Tyler and NE Palmer, _Crossley Vaines’
Personal Property_ (Butterworths, 5th Ed, 1973) at p 137 (“Crossley Vaines”)
provides a useful summary of the different kinds of lien:

There are a number of different kinds of lien. There are judicial and
statutory liens, maritime liens (binding ships for the payment of seamen’s
wages, salvage and the like), equitable liens (unpaid vendor’s lien on a sale
of land or shares (a), partner’s lien on dissolution, etc.), and the lien of
the unpaid seller of goods...

88 The classic definition of a common law lien is that by Grose J in _Hammonds
and Another, Executors of Blight v Barclay and Others, Assignees of Fentham a
Bankrupt_ (1802) 102 ER 356, namely that it is a right in one man to retain
that which is in his possession belonging to another, till certain demands of
him, the person in possession, are satisfied. A lien differs from a mortgage
in that the ownership of the goods does not pass, and from a pledge in that it
bestows no right of sale.

89 Crossley Vaines categorised possessory liens into (a) _General Liens_ and
(b) _Particular Liens_. Alfred H Silvertown, _The Law of Lien_ (Butterworths,
1988) at 19 states that general possessory liens can exist as a common law
right arising from general usage or by express agreement. General liens are
such that those entitled to them may retain in their possession the goods of
others until all claims against the latter are satisfied.

90 In contrast, a _particular_ lien is a right to retain chattels until all
charges incurred in respect thereof have been paid. As stated by _Halbury’s
Laws of England_ vol 68 (LexisNexis, 5th Ed, 2008) (“Halsbury”) at [818],
particular liens are favoured by the law and may arise in the same manner as
general liens. The particular possessory lien arises because work has been
done upon the chattel and is exercisable against the owner. Anyone who works
on a chattel, in consideration of an agreed price or with reference to an
implied contract to pay a reasonable sum, may retain the chattel until the
price is paid. Of note, Crossley Vaines sets out the following requirements to
satisfy a claim for a particular lien at p 140:

(a) The work must improve the chattel, mere maintenance is insufficient.

(b) No lien arises unless the work is done at the request of the owner or his
agent. No lien is acquired by merely finding a chattel and maintaining it.
There is no right of salvage at common law.

(c) No lien exists for storage or keep. If the depositee does no work on the
chattel but spends money on it at the request of the owner, he must recover
the money from the owner of the action, for he has no lien therefor.

(d) A lien claimed in respect of work done on a chattel arises only upon
completion of the work, unless completion is prevented by the owner, in which
case a lien arises for the work actually done.

91 Mr Chacko, in his submissions, did not specify which type of possessory
lien he was referring to. However, it is manifest that he could not be
referring to a particular lien since there can be no question of “improvement”
to the Pledged Shares. Likewise, there is no suggestion of any agreement or
usage by custom to satisfy the elements of a general lien at common law.

92 In the present case, from the objective evidence before me, the parties
evidently intended SBI SG to have a security interest in the Pledged Shares.
Not only were the Share Certificates deposited with SBI SG together with the
blank transfer form signed by Rainforest, both Rainforest and eSys wrote to
SBI SG to confirm that the deposit of the Share Certificates was to provide
security for the loan under the Facility Agreement. In addition, a charge over
the Pledged Shares was duly registered by Rainforest. In these circumstances,
it is clear beyond peradventure that SBI SG are the equitable mortgagees of
the Pledged Shares. In effect, Mr Chacko’s incorrect use of the term
“possessory lien” was probably in support of his argument that the deposit of
share certificates was merely an “administrative formality” (see [64]–[66]
above). If it was merely for “safekeeping” (which is in essence Mr Chacko’s
submission), there would be no conceivable reason for Rainforest to have
signed the share transfer form in blank, registered a charge over the Pledged
Shares in favour of SBI SG or confirmed to SBI SG that the shares were
deposited to provide security for the loan.

Power of sale pursuant to an equitable mortgage

93 Having determined that SBI SG is an equitable mortgagee in respect of the
Pledged Shares, I direct my attention to discuss the enforcement rights of an
equitable mortgagee, in particular, the power of sale. A mortgagee’s power of
sale typically arises in three situations:

(a)

by an express contractual provision in the security document;

(b)

by way of statute, _ie_ , s 24(1)(a) of the Conveyancing and Law of Property
Act (Cap 61, 1994 Rev Ed) (“CLPA”) if the mortgage was made by deed; and

(c)

by operation of law.

94 SBI SG submitted that under both English and Singapore authorities a power
of sale under an equitable mortgage is implied by operation of law _upon
default_.

95 In _Harrold v Plenty_ , having decided that an equitable mortgage arose by
deposit of the share certificates, Cozens-Hardy MR noted that in a mortgage
where there was no express power of sale, a right to sell was implied by
operation of law after giving reasonable notice to the mortgagor. Similarly in
_Deverges v Sandeman, Clarke & Co_ [1902] 1 Ch 579 (“ _Deverges_ ”), the
defendant stockbrokers took instructions on two occasions from their client to
purchase 400 shares and subsequently 300 more shares in a company. A charge
was placed on the shares for the sum owing by the client with interest
accruing at six per cent. Upon the client’s failure to make payment, the
shares were transferred to the stockbrokers and registered in their names. The
stockbrokers sought to recover the unpaid purchase money by selling the shares
that were registered in their names. The client commenced an action against
the stockbrokers after discovering the sale of the shares. The English Court
of Appeal proceeded on the agreed basis that the defendants were equitable
mortgagees and dealt with the specific question of whether a mortgagee of
shares had an implied power to sell the shares upon default. The decision of
the court turned on whether or not the notice given by the defendants was
reasonable. The court held at 588 and 596:

_Now the defendants, being mortgagees, have in equity, notwithstanding their
legal title to the shares, no estate sufficient to enable them to sell, and
thus exclude the mortgagor from his equitable right to redeem, unless there is
either an express or an implied power of sale in the mortgage_. In the present
case there is no express power of sale, and we have, therefore, to ascertain
whether or not there is, in the circumstances of this case, an implied power
of sale. I wish at once to say that I do not think that the circumstances
which will give rise to an implication of a power of sale in favour of a
mortgagee of a chattel, or even of stock or shares, can differ in favour of
the mortgagee from those which are necessary to give a right of sale to a
pledgee. _In both cases the creditor holding security is allowed, as against
the debtor in default, to enlarge his interest or estate_. In the case of a
pledge, whether of chattels or of stock or shares, a power of sale is implied
at law if a day is fixed by the contract for the payment of the debt; for in
such a case it is inferred that the contract between the parties is that, if
the borrower do not repay the advance, the lender shall be at liberty to
reimburse himself by the sale of the thing pledged _. In the case of a
mortgage in which there is a fixed day for payment and default in payment, a
similar power of sale would seem to arise, if not in the case of a mortgage of
a chattel, at all events in the case of a mortgage of stock or shares_.

...

I think it is settled law – vide _Tucker v Wilson_ 1 P. Wms. 261 that the
mortgagees have a power of sale, provided that a reasonable time has elapsed
after notice requiring payment.

[emphasis added]

96 In determining whether an implied power of sale arose in _Deverges_ (as no
time for payment had been fixed), the court considered the length of the
notice period necessary to ensure that the purchaser was afforded the
opportunity to redeem the shares by settling the debt owed. If time for
payment is fixed, the power of sale can be exercised upon default. In the case
where no time for payment is fixed, the power of sale could be exercised upon
the expiration of a reasonable time. Before me, a charge has been registered
over the Pledged Shares in favour of SBI SG. Further, there was a fixed date
of payment stipulated under the Facility Agreement. There can be no question
that the power of sale has arisen given my earlier finding at [38]–[40] above
that an event of default has occurred.

The effect of the Articles of Association on a mortgagee’s power of sale

97 To begin with, it is pertinent to highlight that SBI SG accepts that the
sale of the Pledged Shares must be carried out in compliance with the eSys
Articles. Therefore there is no issue of any sale taking place without having
to comply with the eSys Articles. Nevertheless, Mr Chacko sought to persuade
this court that SBI SG does not have the requisite documentation or waivers to
enforce the security on the Pledged Shares or to exercise its power of sale.
He identified four alleged shortcomings in SBI SG’s power of sale:

(a) Rainforest had not signed any formal documentation to mortgage or granted
a legal charge over the Pledged Shares to SBI SG.

(b) Rainforest had not waived any of the relevant provisions of the Articles
relating to the sale or transfer of eSys’s shares.

(c) Rainforest had not granted any power of attorney to SBI SG to authorise or
empower SBI SG to take any action on its behalf to sell or deal with the
Pledged Shares in the event of default by Teledata/Baytech of its obligations
under the Facility Agreement.

(d) Rainforest had not signed any document granting SBI SG the power to sell
the Pledged Shares on its behalf.

98 Further, the defendants averred that a mere pledge of shares by the deposit
of share certificates and blank share transfer forms with a creditor is
insufficient to grant the creditor a right to sell the deposited shares where
the Articles of the company whose shares are pledged contain restrictions on
their transfer or sale.

99 Before examining the authorities cited by Mr Chacko, it is apposite to make
a few preliminary observations. It is irrelevant for the defendants to submit
that Rainforest had not waived compliance with the eSys Articles relating to
the sale or transfer of Pledged Shares. No such argument was mounted by SBI SG
to this effect who has in any event confirmed its intention to sell the
Pledged Shares in conformity with the eSys Articles. The other three
objections raised by Mr Chacko related to the absence of formal documentation
granting the power of sale. An equitable mortgage by its nature typically
arises by operation of law in the absence of formal documentation. If Mr
Chacko is right, it would follow that shares which are the subject of an
equitable mortgage, which does not expressly provide for a power of sale,
cannot be enforced. I am not aware of any authority to support such a wide
proposition. In fact, the authorities are to the contrary.

100 Finally, Mr Chacko’s submission also fails to recognise the distinction
between the _accrual_ of the power of sale and the _exercise_ of the power of
sale. The important distinction was spelt out in the Australian case of
_Elders Forestry Ltd v Bosi Security Services Ltd & Others_ [2010] SASC 223
where the court at [147] held that:

_An equitable mortgagee of shares has an implied power of sale on default. The
exercise of such a power does not involve the vesting of the shares in the
mortgagee prior to sale. A mortgagee must, in exercising the power of sale,
comply with procedures prescribed by the company’s constitution_. An equitable
mortgagee is also entitled to foreclosure which is effected by order of the
court. The effect is to extinguish the mortgagor’s equity of redemption and to
vest the entire beneficial ownership in the mortgagee. Any subsequent sale by
the mortgagee will be in his capacity as a beneficial owner. Foreclosure
operates to vest only the equitable interest. The legal title to shares
depends upon registration on the company’s share register. The entitlement of
the mortgagee to registration and legal title is subject to restrictions on
transferability in the constitution of the company.

In _Adelaide Building Co Pte Lrd (in liquidation) v ABC Investments Pty Ltd_
(1900) 8 ACLC 445 at 448-9, King CJ held:

The mortgagee can receive no more a security than the mortgagor has to
transfer. In the present case the property transferred by way of security
whether shares, subject to the restrictions on transferability which are an
incident of those shares. Those restrictions on transferability are as binding
on the mortgagee as they are on the mortgagor.

[emphasis added]

101 Mr Chacko cited several decisions in aid of his proposition that an
implied power of sale does not arise in respect of the Pledged Shares given
the restrictions of sale and transfer under the eSys Articles. First, Mr
Chacko relied on _France v Clark_ , where France, the registered holder of ten
fully paid up shares, deposited the certificates together with a signed blank
transfer of the shares with Clark as security for a loan for 150 pounds. The
Articles of Association of the company required that all transfers should be
subject to the approval of the directors. Clark then used the share
certificates as security for his own debts to Quihampton for the sum of 250
pounds and in so doing, transferred the benefit of his equitable mortgage by
deposit to Quihampton. Clark passed away shortly thereafter. Without
communicating with France, Quihampton filled in his own name as transferee of
the shares and sent them for registration to the company. The issue before the
court was whether Quihampton became the purchaser for valuable consideration
without notice of France’s rights when he filled in the blanks in the share
transfer. The court rejected the argument that France, by the deposit of the
shares and the signed blank transfer, had enabled Clark to represent himself
as the true owner or the person having the power to deal with the shares as
owner because the share transfer form itself showed that Clark was not the
owner. The court held that Quihamption merely stepped into the shoes of Clark
as equitable mortgagee and accordingly, the share transfer to himself as owner
was a nullity. This decision provides no assistance to the defendants for
various reasons.

102 First, before me there is no issue of SBI SG transferring the Pledged
Shares to itself as owner. Instead, SBI SG is taking steps to sell the Pledged
Shares as an equitable mortgagee with the court’s assistance and in compliance
with the eSys Articles. Secondly, SBI SG is not claiming to have ownership
rights over the Pledged Shares unlike in _France v Clark_. Instead it is
merely seeking to enforce its rights as equitable mortgagee which was what the
court held Quihampton was entitled to do.

103 The defendants’ reliance on _Hunter v Hunter_ is also misguided. There,
the plaintiff as registered owner of the shares, deposited the shares as
security for a loan from the bank. The plaintiff signed a continuing guarantee
to the bank and also a memorandum of charge whereby he charged in favour of
the bank all the shares certificates which were deposited as security for
payment on demand of the monies due to the bank. The memorandum of charge
contained an express power enabling the bank to sell or dispose of any of the
shares in the event of default. The shares were of a private company
containing restrictions in its Articles of Association on the transfer of
shares. The bank was aware of the restrictions in the Articles of Association,
but transferred the shares in violation of the mechanism set out therein. The
House of Lords eventually held that the transfers were void for having been
made in contravention of the Articles of Association of the company.

104 Next, the defendants relied on _Sing Eng (Pte) Ltd v PIC Property Ltd_
[1990] 1 SLR(R) 792 (“ _Sing Eng (Pte) Ltd”_). In that case, there were two
principal issues before the court. The first concerned the definition of “the
person aggrieved” within the meaning of s 194 of the Companies Act (Cap 50,
1988 Rev Ed) which is not relevant in the instant case. The second concerned
the interpretation of the Articles of Association of the plaintiff company,
specifically the ambit of the phrase “other person entitled to transfer”. In
_Sing Eng (Pte) Ltd_ , the bank which was the equitable mortgagee of the
pledged shares acting on the express power of sale under the memorandum of
charge transferred the shares to its nominee who then purported to sell the
shares to the respondent in breach of the mechanism set out in the Articles of
Association. The company applied to set aside the transfer. Against this
background, the issue before the Court of Appeal was whether the transfer was
carried out in conformity with the Articles of Association and that issue
turned on the question of whether the bank as equitable mortgagee was a
“person entitled to transfer” the shares. In that context, the Court of Appeal
held that a “person entitled to transfer” means the person who is not a member
of the company but who is entitled _under the articles_ to transfer shares of
the company. The Articles of Association specifically identified the
categories of “persons” who were entitled to transfer the shares and the same
did not include an equitable mortgagee. In addition, the transfer was held at
[27] to be void because as equitable mortgagee, the bank was in no position to
transfer the legal title in the shares. The Court of Appeal at [21] and [27]
also attached considerable significance to the fact that under the transfer
notice, the bank purported to transfer the shares in its own right and not on
behalf of the registered owners of the shares. The Court of Appeal decided
that a sale or transfer notice which was not given in accordance with the pre-
emption provisions of the Articles of Association was ineffectual and any
subsequent transfer in breach of the provisions was inoperative. Here, there
is presently no transfer notice to speak of. In any event, SBI SG has stated
that it intends to give the transfer notice as agent for Rainforest unlike the
defective transfer notice that was provided by the bank in its own right in
_Sing Eng (Pte) Ltd_.

105 Finally, Mr Chacko referred to the case of _Xiamen International Bank and
others v Sing Eng (Pte) Ltd_ [1993] 2 SLR(R) 176 (“ _Xiamen International
Bank”)_ which was the continuation of the saga following the decision in _Sing
Eng (Pte) Ltd_. After the holding of the Court of Appeal in _Sing Eng (Pte)
Ltd_ , the bank, on six separate occasions, unsuccessfully attempted to
register the shares in the name of its nominee. The bank thereafter obtained a
declaration that the shares were held on trust by the registered shareholders
on behalf of the bank. Armed with the declaration, the bank sought once again,
to rectify the register of shareholders on the basis that the bank was the
lawful attorney of the registered shareholders with powers to do all acts in
their names to dispose of their shares.

106 In _Xiamen International Bank_ , the pre-emption rights as provided under
Art 34 of the Articles of Association stipulated the following procedure:

Except where the transfer is made pursuant to arts 33, 36 and 43, hereof, a
person proposing to transfer any share (hereinafter called the proposing
transferor) shall give notice in writing (hereinafter called the transfer
notice) to the company that he desires to transfer the same. Such notice shall
specify the sum he fixes as the fair value, and shall constitute the company
his agent for the sale of the share to any member of the company at the price
so fixed or at the option of the purchaser, at the fair value to be fixed by
the auditors of the company. The transfer notice shall not be revocable except
with the sanction of the directors.

The defendant company in reliance on the Articles of Association objected to
the application on several grounds, _inter alia_ , (a) the transfer notice had
no legal effect because the sale had _preceded_ the notice, (b) the pre-
emption price in the transfer notice was exorbitant and (c) that it was
“fictitious” for the bank to state in the transfer notice that it was acting
as attorneys for the registered shareholders in the sale since the registered
shareholders have already placed on record that they had not appointed the
bank as attorneys. It should be highlighted that the application before the
court was not to sanction the sale but to rectify the register of shareholders
on the basis that the bank, as lawful attorneys of the registered shareholders
had the power to sell the shares. Further, each of the objections raised by
the defendant company related to the _exercise_ of the bank’s rights to sell
the shares and each of them was rejected by the court.

107 In _Xiamen International Bank_ , in response to one of the defendant
company’s objections that the name of the transferor stated in the transfer
form was defective in that it purported to have been signed by the bank as
lawful attorneys of the registered shareholders, the court observed that under
the guarantees executed by the registered shareholders, there was an express
clause which stipulated that for the purposes of enabling the bank to sell the
shares, the registered shareholders have appointed the bank as their lawful
attorneys to “sell, realize, transfer or otherwise dispose” of the shares. On
the strength of this holding, Mr Chacko submitted that without a proper power
of attorney, SBI SG has no power to sell the shares. This objection is
misconceived. First, there is nothing in _Xiamen International Bank_ to
suggest that without such a power of attorney, an equitable mortgagee like SBI
SG has no power to sell the Pledged Shares. Further, I agree with Mr Pillai
that the problem which confronted the bank in _Xiamen International Bank_ does
not arise here since any transfer or sale of the Pledged Shares would be by
Rainforest as it had already signed the share transfer form as the transferor.
Secondly, in that case the sale had already taken place in the name of the
registered shareholders by the bank acting as their lawful attorneys. Before
me, the sale of the Pledged Shares has not taken place and consequently, there
is no issue of SBI SG selling the Pledged Shares as the lawful attorneys of
eSys.

108 In _Kong Swee Eng_ , the plaintiff argued that if an equitable mortgage
was not made by deed, then the only way that an equitable mortgagee can sell
the legal interest of the mortgaged property, _ie_ , the shares, is by
applying to court for a sale under s 30(2) of the CLPA. In support, the
plaintiff’s counsel in that case referred me to two passages from leading
textbooks on the subject. The first passage is found in Fisher and Lightwood
at para 30.43:

In the case of an equitable mortgage not made by deed, there is no statutory
power of sale. If the mortgagee wishes to sell, he must therefore apply to the
court, which will be able to vest in him a legal term of years, so he can sell
as if he were a legal mortgagee.

The other passage is from Edward F Cousins and Ian Clarke, _The Law of
Mortgages_ (Sweet & Maxwell, 2nd Ed, 2001) at para 16-121:

In the case of other equitable mortgages not made by deed, there is no
statutory power of sale out of court. However, by virtue of section 91(2) of
the Law of Property Act 1925, the court itself has the power to order a
judicial sale on the application of the mortgagee or of any interested person
and may vest a legal term of years in the mortgagee so that he can sell as if
he were a legal mortgagee.

109 The submission was rejected by me and at [50] in _Kong Swee Eng_ , I
observed that obtaining a power of attorney was _one method_ whereby the
equitable mortgagee can transfer the legal title in the shares to the
purchaser without assistance from the court:

However, what these two passages really meant, in my judgment, was that, in a
situation where the mortgage was not made by deed, an equitable mortgagee who
has no _other_ power or mechanism to convey the legal title out of court would
simply have no choice but to apply to court to sell or convey the legal title.
Examples of such mechanisms that allow the transfer of the legal title out of
court can be found in mortgage instruments and include: the granting of a
power of attorney to the equitable mortgagee to convey the legal interest (_Re
White Rose Cottage_ [1965] 1 Ch 940), or a declaration by the mortgagor that
he holds the legal interest on trust for the mortgagee (_London and County
Banking Co v Goddard_[1897] 1 Ch 642).

[emphasis original]

110 Absent formal documentation such as a power of attorney, SBI SG may have
to seek the court’s assistance to convey the legal title in the Pledged Shares
to any purchaser whether nominated by the Directors of eSys or any other party
in default thereof. That issue is currently not before me and I shall say no
more. Suffice it to say that there are various ways for an equitable mortgagee
such as SBI SG to enforce its security in the Pledged Shares. Obtaining a
power of attorney is certainly one route but is clearly not the only method.
Another possible course is to apply to court under s 30(2) of the CLPA.

111 In the final analysis, it is clear that _France v Clark_ , _Hunter v
Hunter_ and _Sing Eng (Pte) Ltd_ concerned the sale or transfer of shares
executed by the equitable mortgagee without complying with the Articles of
Association while _Xiamen International Bank_ concerned the _exercise_ of the
power of sale. These cases do not assist the defendants given that there is no
completed sale or transfer before me and in any event, SBI SG has emphatically
reiterated its position that it intends to sell the Pledged Shares in
accordance with the eSys Articles.

The exercise of the power of sale with reference to the eSys Articles

112 In the present case, the mechanism for the transfer of shares envisioned
by the eSys Articles is governed by the following relevant provisions:

Article 24

The directors may in their _absolute discretion_ and without giving any reason
therefore decline to register any transfer of shares to a person of whom they
do not approve and may also decline to register any transfer of shares on
which the company has a lien.

Article 28

Shares may be freely transferred by a member or other person entitled to
transfer to any existing member selected by the transferor, but save as
aforesaid and save as provided by Article 33 hereof, no share shall be
transferred to a person who is not a member so long as any member _or any
person selected by the directors as one whom it is desirable in the interest
of the Company to admit to membership is willing to purchase the same at the
fair value_.

Article 29

Except where the transfer is made pursuant to Article 33 hereof the person
proposing to transfer any shares (hereinafter called “the proposing
transferor” shall give notice in writing (hereinafter called “the transfer
notice”) to the Company that he desires to transfer the same. _Such notice
shall specify the sum he fixes as the fair value_ , and _shall constitute the
Company his agents for the sale of the share to any member of the Company or
persons selected as aforesaid, at the price so fixed, or at the option of the
purchaser, at the fair value to be fixed by the auditor in accordance with
these articles_. A transfer notice may include several shares, and in such
case shall operate as if it were a separate notice in respect of each. The
transfer notice shall not be revocable except with the sanction of the
directors.

Article 30

If the Company shall within three months after service of a sale notice find a
member willing to purchase any share comprised therein (hereinafter described
as a “purchasing member”) and shall give notice thereof to the retiring
member, the retiring member shall be bound upon payment of the fair value to
transfer the share to such purchasing member, who shall be bound to complete
the purchase within seven days from the service of such last mentioned notice.
The Directors shall, with a view to finding a purchasing member, offer any
shares comprised in a sale notice to the persons then holding the remaining
shares in the Company as nearly as may be in proportion to their holdings of
shares in the Company, and shall limit a time within which such offer if not
accepted will be deemed to be declined and the Directors shall make such
arrangements as regards the finding of a purchasing member for any shares not
accepted by a member to whom they shall have been offered as aforesaid within
the time so limited as they shall think just and reasonable.

Article 33

If the directors shall not, within the space of three months after service of
a sale notice, find a purchasing member of all or any of the shares comprised
therein and give notice in a manner aforesaid, or if through no default of the
retiring member, the purchase of any shares in respect of which such last-
mentioned notice shall be given shall not be completed within twenty-one days
from the service of such notice the retiring member shall, at any time within
six months thereafter, be at liberty to sell and transfer the share comprised
in his sale notice (or such of them as shall not have been sold to a
purchasing member) to any person at any price.

[emphasis added]

113 Although Article 24 stipulates that the directors may in their “absolute
discretion” decline to register the transfer of shares, the law is clear that
the exercise of such discretion is reviewable by reason of s 128(2) of the
Companies Act (Cap 50, 2006 Rev Ed) which provides that a company shall not
refuse to register a transfer of shares by virtue of any discretion conferred
by the Articles “unless it has served on the applicant, within one month
beginning on the day on which the application was made, a notice in writing
stating the facts which are considered to justify refusal in the exercise of
that discretion.” Judith Prakash J in _Xiamen International Bank_ held that
once reasons are given by the company for the manner in which the discretion
has been exercised, the court may review the sufficiency of the reasons. Mr
Chacko has not suggested otherwise.

114 Mr Pillai submitted that the nature of a pre-emption right is a right of a
shareholder to acquire shares in the company in preference to any other
person. Thus if the company is wholly owned by a single shareholder, _ie_ , a
wholly owned subsidiary, and the holding company wishes to sell part of its
shares, the rights of pre-emption do not come into play as there is no other
shareholder or member who can exercise the pre-emption rights to purchase the
shares. However under Article 28, as Mr Pillai has rightly pointed out, the
pre-emption rights _do not only_ contemplate the sale of shares to _other_
members (of which there is none in a wholly owned subsidiary with a single
shareholder). Instead it also extends to non-members, as the directors of eSys
faced with a potential sale, are accorded the opportunity to put forward a
person, deemed desirable, to purchase the shares within the time period
stipulated, failing which the sale could proceed _vis-a-vis_ any third party.
Thus Article 28 effectively confers on the directors of eSys the power to
grant a right of first-refusal to a non-member whom they deemed desirable to
purchase the shares. SBI SG takes no issue with eSys nominating another “
_desirable_ ” person to purchase the Pledged Shares. Its interest is to ensure
that the sale is at a fair value which now takes me to the last issue of
whether I should order a valuation of the Pledged Shares to facilitate a sale
in compliance with the eSys Articles.

Access to books and records of eSys for valuation of the Pledged Shares

115 Article 29 provides that any person proposing to transfer shares of eSys
is required to serve a notice in writing (“transfer notice”) specifying a fair
value of the shares. On receipt of such notice, eSys shall act as agent for
the transferor in the sale to “ _any member of the Company or persons selected
as aforesaid, at the price so fixed, or at the option of the purchaser, at the
fair value to be fixed by the auditor in accordance with these articles_ ”
[emphasis added]. Typically, if the transferor is an existing shareholder, he
or she would have access to some information to fix the fair value of the
shares. Further, Art 29 also contemplates the appointment of an auditor to fix
the fair value at the option of the purchaser. This option is presumably
invoked when the intended purchaser disagrees with the fair value stated in
the transfer notice. How would such a procedure operate in the context of SBI
SG enforcing its security in the Pledged Shares?

116 In its Amended OS, SBI SG has sought an order for access to all books and
records of eSys as may be reasonably required to carry out a valuation of the
Pledged Shares. SBI SG is essentially seeking ancillary orders to facilitate
the _eventual_ sale of the Pledged Shares. SBI SG’s declared intention is to
sell the Pledged Shares in accordance with the eSys Articles. Under Art 29,
SBI SG is required to state a fair value for the Pledged Shares. SBI SG being
the equitable mortgagee has no access to the books and records of eSys to
enable it to fix a fair value in the transfer notice. To do so, it is
imperative for SBI SG to conduct a proper valuation to arrive at a fair value.
As such, any intended sale by SBI SG cannot be properly carried out in
accordance with the eSys Articles without a proper valuation first being
conducted. From SBI SG’s perspective, the identity of the eventual purchaser
is not critical (except that the purchaser must have the means to complete the
sale). SBI SG’s principal focus is to sell the Pledged Shares at a fair value.
Therefore while it is entirely within the power of eSys’s directors to
nominate a “ _desirable person_ ” to acquire the Pledged Shares, the
defendants should not obstruct the necessary process of determining the fair
value of the Pledged Shares.

117 The defendants argued that as Arts 29 and 33 governed the valuation of the
Pledged Shares, SBI SG has no right in law or in fact to inspect eSys’s books
and records. The defendants argued that these provisions were actually
designed to prevent an intending seller or purchaser from seeking access to
the accounts and records of eSys whilst ensuring that “an agreed upon third
party expert”, an auditor, would be given the access instead. They argued that
this mechanism was intended to maintain the confidentiality of eSys’s
documents and records. In the absence of any valuation of the Pledged Shares,
SBI SG could face the unfair situation of stating a value which may be lower
than the actual value of the Pledged Shares. Given the history of the dispute,
I can see real benefits to both parties for an independent valuation to be
conducted. This would certainly eliminate another potential area of dispute.
In light of the concerns expressed by eSys, I direct the parties to agree on
the appointment of a joint independent auditor to determine a fair value of
the Pledged Shares, failing which the court will appoint one on behalf of the
parties. In this way, SBI SG would not have direct access to the books and
records of eSys and consequently the confidentiality of the books and records
of eSys can be preserved while at the same time, a proper valuation of the
Pledged Shares can be undertaken. By making this order, I am in fact ensuring
that the sale of the Pledged Shares, if and when it takes place, would be
carried out in conformity with the eSys Articles. Without a proper valuation,
SBI SG would not be able to state a fair value of the Pledged Shares in the
transfer notice as required under Art 29 of the eSys Articles. SBI SG
contemplates the need to seek the court’s assistance to give effect to the
sale and transfer of the Pledged Shares pending the outcome of the defendants’
reaction to the prospective transfer notice. Hopefully the saga of _Sing Eng
(Pte) Ltd_ and _Xiamen International Bank_ will not repeat itself.

Conclusion

118 By reason of my findings, I grant the following declarations:

(a)

an event of default has occurred pursuant to, _inter alia_ , cl 21 of the
Facility Agreement; and

(b)

SBI SG is entitled to enforce its security by selling the Pledged Shares
_subject_ to the provisions of the eSys Articles.

119 In addition, I direct a valuation of the Pledged Shares be conducted and
for this purpose, the parties are to agree on the joint appointment of an
independent auditor within three weeks from the date hereof, failing
agreement, the parties are at liberty to seek the court’s assistance to
appoint an auditor on behalf of the parties.

120 Finally, I award the costs of the Amended OS to SBI SG to be taxed if not
agreed.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 04 Aug 2011 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

