Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Guy Neale and others (suing as a partnership) _v_ Ku De Ta SG Pte Ltd  
[2011] SGHC 136

Case Number| :| Suit No 955 of 2010 (Summons No 608 of 2011)  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 26 May 2011  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Chew Yi-Ling Elaine AR  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Kristy Tan and Sylvia Tee (Allen & Gledhill LLP) for the
plaintiffs; Foo Maw Jiun (Rodyk & Davidson LLP) for the defendant.  
Parties| :|  Guy Neale and others (suing as a partnership) — Ku De Ta SG Pte
Ltd  
  
26 May 2011|  
---|---  
  
Chew Yi-Ling, Elaine AR:

Introduction

1 In this application, the defendant sought to strike out portions of the
plaintiffs’ Statement of Claim filed on 29 December 2010.

Facts

2 The plaintiffs are a partnership operating a restaurant and bar in Bali
known as “Ku De Ta”. The third plaintiff registered the trade mark “KU DE TA”
in Indonesia in 2000 and holds proprietorship of that mark on behalf of the
partnership.

3 The defendant is a company incorporated in Singapore. In 2010, it opened a
restaurant and bar at Marina Bay Sands that was also styled “Ku De Ta”. In the
course of its business, the defendant used two trade marks incorporating the
words “Ku de Ta”. These trade marks (“the Nine Square Registered Marks”) were
registered in Singapore in 2004 and 2009 respectively by an Australian
company, Nine Squares Pty Ltd (“Nine Squares”). In 2009, the Nine Square
Registered Marks were licensed to Chris Au, who was the Chief Executive
Officer of the defendant. In turn, Chris Au assigned his rights under the
license to the defendant.

4 When the plaintiffs came to know of the restaurant and bar in Singapore,
they took out an action against the defendant, seeking, _inter alia_ , an
order that the defendant:

immediately ceases and be restrained from the use of the name/ mark “Ku De Ta”
or any name / mark similar thereto…[note: 1]

5 One of the causes of action pleaded in the Statement of Claim was founded on
s 55 of the Trade Marks Act (Cap 322, 2005 Rev Ed) (“TMA”):

**Protection of well known trade marks**

**55**. —(1) A well known trade mark shall be entitled to protection under
this section —

(a) whether or not the trade mark has been registered in Singapore, or an
application for the registration of the trade mark has been made to the
Registrar; and

(b) whether or not the proprietor of the trade mark carries on business, or
has any goodwill, in Singapore.

The plaintiffs alleged that the defendant had infringed their rights as owners
of a well known mark protected under this provision.

6 In the Statement of Claim, the plaintiffs set out that:

32.The name / mark “Ku de Ta” is a well known trade mark protected under
Section 55 of the Trade Marks Act (Cap. 322) (“the **Act** ”), of which the Ku
de Ta Partnership is the proprietor. Paragraphs 6 to 9 and paragraphs 11
herein are repeated.

33.However, the Defendant has, without the Ku de Ta Partnership’s consent,
used the said trade mark “Ku de Ta”, of which the Ku de Ta Partnership is the
proprietor, in respect of identical or similar services to the Ku de Ta
Partnership. Paragraphs 19 to 26 herein are repeated.

34.The Defendant’s use of the said trade mark “Ku de Ta” has caused and/or is
likely to cause confusion to the public and/or would indicate a connection
between the goods or services of the Defendant and the Ku de Ta Partnership.

_Particulars_

(a)Ku de Ta Bali and the MBS Restaurant and Club are both restaurants / bars /
clubs. The use of the name “Ku de Ta” in the name of the MBS Restaurant and
Club is therefore likely to cause confusion on the part of the public by
leading them to believe that the MBS Restaurant and Club is associated with
and/or connected to Ku de Ta Bali.

(b)Ku de Ta Bali is the primary business of the Ku de Ta Partnership.
Similarly, the MBS Restaurant and Club is the primary business of the
Defendant. Accordingly, the use of the name “Ku de Ta” in the corporate name
of the Defendant and in the name of the Defendant’s website at
www.kudeta.com.sg is therefore likely to cause confusion on the part of the
public by leading them to believe that the Defendant is associated with and/or
connected to the Ku de Ta Partnership.

(c)The MBS Restaurant and Club has been described in various magazines,
newspapers, websites and other publications in Singapore and internationally
as being associated with and/or connected to the Ku de Ta Partnership.

35.The Defendant’s use of the said trade mark “Ku de Ta” would cause dilution
in an unfair manner of the distinctive character of the trade mark “Ku de Ta”,
of which the Ku de Ta Partnership is the proprietor and/or would constitute
the Defendant taking unfair advantage of the distinctive character of the
trade mark “Ku de Ta”, of which the Ku de Ta Partnership is the proprietor.

_Particulars_

(a)The Defendant and the Ku de Ta Partnership are both in the restaurant, bar
and club business.

(b)Through the Defendant’s continued use of the name “Ku de Ta” in its
corporate name and in the course of operating and/or promoting its restaurant,
bar, lounge and club businesses, including but not limited to the MBS
Restaurant and Club, there is a likelihood that the name / mark “Ku de Ta”,
instead of being indicative of Ku de Ta Bali and/or the Ku de Ta Partnership’s
other products and/or services only, may become indicative of the MBS
Restaurant and Club and the Defendant’s other products and/or services as
well.

[emphasis in original]

7 The defendant took out the present application under O 18 r 19(1)(_a_) of
the Rules of Court (Cap 322, R 5, 2006 Rev Ed), seeking to strike out
paragraphs 32 – 35 of the Statement of Claim (set out above at [6]), on the
basis that those paragraphs disclosed no reasonable cause of action.

The defendant’s case

8 The protection given to well known trade marks under s 55 is limited by s
55A of the TMA. Relying on s 55A(2), the defendant submitted that the
paragraphs it sought to strike out, which essentially contained the
plaintiffs’ cause of action based on s 55 of the TMA, disclosed no reasonable
cause of action:

**Permitted use of well known trade marks**

55A. —

…

(2) Notwithstanding section 55, the proprietor of a well known trade mark
shall not be entitled to restrain by injunction the use in Singapore of any
registered trade mark in relation to goods or services for which the latter is
registered.

In essence, the defendant’s submission was that the Nine Squares Registered
Marks were registered in Singapore. It was a licensed user of those trade
marks. It could therefore avail itself of the s 55A(2) defence. This provided
a complete answer to the plaintiffs’ claim under s 55 of the TMA such that
paras 32 – 35 of the Statement of Claim could disclose no valid cause of
action. Accordingly, those portions of the pleading should be struck out.

The plaintiffs’ case

9 The plaintiff, by contrast, submitted that s 55A(2) did not provide an
absolute defence to a claim under s 55 of the TMA. The defence would not apply
where the registered trade marks were liable to be invalidated. In addition to
the Suit brought in the High Court against the defendant, the plaintiffs were
seeking the invalidation of the Nine Squares Registered Marks against Nine
Squares. The ability of the defendant to raise the s 55A(2) defence was
contingent on the plaintiffs failing in their invalidation application, which
had yet to be determined. As such, the high threshold for a striking out
application was not met, given that triable issues of law and fact were
present.

My decision

10 Having heard the submissions of counsel, I dismissed the application. I now
give my reasons.

11 It is trite law that it is only in plain and obvious cases that recourse
should be had to the summary process under O 18 r 19\. As set out in
_Singapore Civil Proceedure 2007_ (G P Selvam ed) (Sweet & Maxwell, 2007) at
para 18/19/10 (“ _Singapore Civil Procedure_ ”):

So long as the statement of claim or the particulars (_Davey v. Bentinck_
[1893] 1 Q.B. 185) disclose some cause of action, or raise some question fit
to be decided by a judge, the mere fact that the case is weak, and not likely
to succeed, is no ground for striking it out…

Whether s 55A(2) constitutes a complete answer to the plaintiffs’ claim under
s 55A(2) of the TMA such that no valid cause of action can be made out

12 On a perusal of the parliamentary debates (see _Singapore Parliamentary
Debates, Official Report_ (16 June 2004) vol 78 at col 108 (Professor S
Jayakumar, Minister for Law)), it was discernible that ss 55 and 55A were
enacted for the purpose of:

(a)

giving protection for well known marks;

(b)

implementing the United-States Singapore Free Trade Agreement (“USSFTA”); and

(c)

implementing the Joint Recommendation Concerning Provisions on the Protection
of Well Known Marks (1999) (“Joint Recommendation”), which is an international
standard adopted by the Assembly of the Paris Union for the Protection of
Industrial Property and the General Assembly of the World Intellectual
Property Organisation on the level of protection for well-known marks.

The explanatory statement to the Trade Mark (Amendment) Bill (No. 18/2004) was
also particularly illuminating. It disclosed that cl 26, which deleted the
then-existing s 55 and replaced it with the present day provisions:

(a) repeals and re-enacts section 55 to give effect to Article 16.1.2 (_b_)(i)
of the USSFTA read with Articles 4 and 5 of the Joint Recommendation; and

(b) introduces a new section 55A to set out the permitted uses of well known
trade marks for consistency with the permitted uses of registered trade marks
under section 28.

13 Pursuant to Article 3 of the Joint Recommendation, member states are
required to protect a well-known mark against conflicting marks, business and
domain names, at least with effect from the time when the mark has become well
known in the member state. When a mark is deemed to be in conflict with a
well-known mark in respect of identical or similar goods and/or services,
member states are obliged to provide certain remedies. Article 4(2) provides
that if the member state’s laws allow third parties to oppose the registration
of a mark, a conflict with a well-known shall constitute a ground for
opposition. Article 4(3) provides that even after registration, the owner of a
well-known mark shall be entitled to request that the conflicting mark be
invalidated. Significantly, Article 4(4) provides that the owner of the well-
known mark shall be entitled to request the prohibition of the conflicting
mark:

(4) [ _Prohibition of Use_] The owner of a well-known mark shall be entitled
to request the prohibition, by a decision of the competent authority, of the
use of a mark which is in conflict with the well-known mark. Such request
shall be admissible for a period which shall not be less than five years
beginning from the time the owner of the well-known mark had knowledge of the
use of the conflicting mark. [emphasis and brackets in original]

(see also para 4.11 of the Explanatory Notes to the Joint Recommendation).
Member states are clearly obliged to provide the Article 4(4) remedy _in
addition_ to the remedies of commencing opposition or invalidation procedures
provided in Article 4(2) and (3).

14 If the defendant’s literal interpretation of ss 55 and 55A(2) of the TMA
were adopted, the owner of a well-known mark would not be entitled to request
the prohibition of the use of a conflicting mark so long as the latter is a
registered trade mark. This would render Article 4(4) of the Joint
Recommendation otiose, instead of giving effect to it was ss 55 and 55A of the
TMA were meant to. Arguably, therefore, s 55A(2) could not be said to provide
a complete answer to a claim under s 55 of the TMA.

15 The interpretation that s 55A(2) is not an unassailable defence was also
buttressed by the consideration that s 55A was meant to render the permitted
uses of well known trade marks consistent with the permitted uses of
registered trade marks under s 28 of the TMA, which provides:

**Acts not amounting to infringement**

**28**.

…

(3) Notwithstanding section 27, a registered trade mark is not infringed by
the use of another registered trade mark in relation to goods or services for
which the latter is registered.

16 As set out in Tan Tee Jee, S.C., _Law of Trade Marks and Passing Off in
Singapore_ (Sweet & Maxwell, 2nd Ed, 2005) at 263 – 264, the defence in s
28(3) is not a complete defence if the allegedly offending mark is not validly
registered:

**Use of a registered trade mark**

[11.26] This defence in section 28(3) provides that a registered trade mark is
not infringed by the use of another registered trade mark in relation to goods
or services for which the latter mark is registered. This means that the
proprietor of the other registered mark can continue to use his mark without
infringing the registered trade mark, provided the use is in relation to goods
or services for which his mark is registered. If the use is in relation to
goods or services which are merely _similar_ to those for which the mark is
registered, the defence may not apply.

…

[11.28] **Also, the defence applies only if the latter mark is** **_validly_**
**registered**. In section 23(8) of the 1998 [TMA], it is stated that where
the registration of a trade mark is declared invalid to any extent, the
registration shall to that extent be deemed never to have been made.
Similarly, in section 22(8) [of the TMA], it is provided that where the
registration of a trade mark is revoked to any extent, the rights of the
proprietor shall be deemed to have ceased to that extent as from the date of
the application for revocation or, if the Registrar or the court is satisfied
that the grounds for revocation existed at an earlier date, from that date.

[emphasis in italics in original; emphasis in bold added]

This is also the position taken in the UK, where s 11(1) of the Trade Marks
Act 1994 (c. 26) is _in pari materia_ to our local provision (see _Kerly’s Law
of Trade Marks and Trade Names_ (Sweet & Maxwell, 14th Ed, 2005) at para
14-147). If s 55A(2) is to mirror the scope and application of s 28(3), it
similarly ought not to provide a complete defence where the trade mark
complained of was not validly registered.

17 The defendant had suggested that procedurally, it was premature to bring a
cause of action based on s 55 of the TMA before invalidation proceedings were
commenced. It submitted that the proper course, so as to reconcile ss 55 and
55A(2), was for the registered trade mark to be properly invalidated before
restraining orders were sought. This, purportedly, would strike the correct
balance between the rights of the owner of the registered trade mark and the
rights of the owner of the well known mark. I did not agree. First, the
prolonged use of an invalidly registered trade mark could result in
substantial dilution of the goodwill accruing to the well known mark, which is
a form of damage not easily compensable in monetary terms. While the owner of
the registered trade mark could arguably state similar concerns, s 55(7) of
the TMA places the onus on the owner of the well known mark to take timely
action as he loses his entitlement to seek certain remedies if he acquiesces
for a continued period of 5 years in the use of the allegedly offending
registered traade mark. This would limit the damage likely to be suffered by
the owner of the registered trade mark whereas the converse is not true for
the owner of the well known mark who would therefore be inadequately
protected. Second, as already mentioned above (at [12]), one of the purposes
of enacting ss 55 and 55A of the TMA was to give effect to the Joint
Recommendation. Paragraph 4.8 of the Explanatory Notes to the Joint
Recommendation suggests that owners of well known marks were intended to be
given early opportunities to take action against conflicting registered trade
marks. Adopting the defendant’s interpretation of the statutory provision of
the TMA would not give effect to this intention.

18 Given the above, it was by no means plain and obvious that paras 32 – 35 of
the Statement of Claim could disclose no valid cause of action based on a
statutory interpretation of ss 55 and 55A of the TMA. At the minimum, the
pleadings in the Statement of Claim raised a triable issue of law.

Whether no valid cause of action could be made out when only the allegations
in the pleading are considered

19 The third plaintiff took out invalidation proceedings at the Trade Mark
Registry against the Nine Squares Registered Marks in July 2010. On 14 January
2011, he made an application to refer the invalidation proceedings to the High
Court. This was denied by the Trade Mark Registry on 19 January 2011. The
third plaintiff subsequently withdrew his application to the Trade Mark
Registry and instead filed Originating Summons 198 of 2010 in the High Court
to invalidate the Nine Squares Registered Marks. The fact of the invalidation
proceedings in the High Court was relied upon in the plaintiffs’ submission
that paras 32 – 35 of the Statement of Claim should not be struck out.

20 In response, the defendant submitted that the commencement of invalidation
proceedings by way of a separate Originating Summons was irrelevant to the
question of whether or not the plaintiffs had a valid cause of action in the
present Suit. This was because the invalidation was not sought in the
pleadings in the present Suit but in separate proceedings against another
separate party. In the Statement of Claim, only the fact of the invalidation
proceedings taken out with the Trade Marks Registry was pleaded.[note: 2]
Since the application to the Trade Marks Registry had been withdrawn, there
was nothing in the Statement of Claim to show that the Nine Squares Registered
Marks were invalid or could be invalidated even if all the pleadings in the
Statement of Claim were proven. Accordingly, the s 55A(2) defence applied as a
complete defence such that no valid cause of action could be made out against
the defendant. The defendant relied on the rule that a reasonable cause of
action is a cause of action which has some chance of success _when only the
allegations in the pleadings are considered_ (see _Gabriel Peter & Partners
(suing as a firm) v Wee Chong Jin and others_[1997] 3 SLR(R) 649 at [21]).

21 In my view, it was not plain and obvious that no valid cause of action
could be made out even when only the allegations in the Statement of Claim
were considered. On the contrary, the plaintiffs had set out clearly in their
pleadings that “Nine Squares had no right to apply for the registration of or
to register the name / mark “Ku de Ta” in the Singapore Registry of Trade
Marks”.[note: 3] It has also clearly expressed its intention to seek the
invalidation of the Nine Squares Registered Marks.[note: 4] These facts, if
proven, would be sufficient to found a valid cause of action against the
defendant. The means by which the Nine Squares Registered Marks would be
invalidated was a matter of evidence and not fact that need not be set out in
the Statement of Claim. Putting the defendant’s case at the highest, the
plaintiffs’ Statement of Claim lacked sufficient particularity. However, where
a pleading is defective only in not containing particulars to which the other
side is entitled, application should only be made for particulars under O 18 r
12, and not for an order to strike out the pleading under O 18 r 19
(_Singapore Civil Procedure_ at para 18/19/11).

Conclusion

22 In light of the above, I dismissed the defendant’s application with costs
to the plaintiffs.

* * *

[note: 1]Statement of Claim at 23.

[note: 2]Statement of Claim at paras 18, and 27 – 29.

[note: 3]Statement of Claim at para 17.

[note: 4]Statement of Claim at para 18

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 26 May 2011 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

