Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  AMW _v_ AMZ  
[2011] SGHC 83

Case Number| :| Divorce No 438 of 2009 (Registrar's Appeal No 141 of 2010  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 07 April 2011  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Woo Bih Li J  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Lim Hee Thuang Louis (William Poh & Louis Lim) for the
plaintiff/appellant; Jeanne Wu (R Ramason & Almenoar) for the
defendant/respondent.  
Parties| :|  AMW — AMZ  
  
7 April 2011|  
---|---  
  
Woo Bih Li J:

Introduction

1 This appeal arises from a matrimonial dispute. The wife appealed against a
decision of a district judge on ancillary matters. The appeal covered issues
of custody, access, maintenance and division of matrimonial assets.

2 I am setting out my reasons in respect of my decision on maintenance as it
involves the general question as to when an order for maintenance should take
effect.

3 The district judge made her decision on 6 August 2010. She ordered the
husband to pay $400 a month as maintenance for two young children of the
marriage. The maintenance order was to take effect from 1 August 2010.

4 The wife’s appeal sought an order that the maintenance for the children
commence from 6 August 2008 instead as that was two years before the date of
the district judge’s decision.

5 The district judge’s grounds of decision states, at [32], that:

... I note that an application for backdated maintenance was not raised at the
hearing. I would not have granted such an application either, as the wife had
not sought interim maintenance nor made any maintenance application prior to
the ancillary matters hearings. There would have been no basis to grant this.

6 Apparently, another district judge had expressed a similar view in [28] of
_ZG v ZH_ [2008] SGDC 293 stating that it is the usual practice of the court
not to backdate a maintenance order unless there are good reasons to do so. It
was not clear from that decision whether an intention to save the costs of an
application for interim maintenance would be considered a good reason.

7 On the other hand, in _TG v TH_ [2007] SGDC 172, a district court did
backdate the maintenance to start from the month in which the divorce petition
was filed as the wife’s reason for not applying for interim maintenance was to
save costs (see [43] of that decision). Even then, the maintenance which was
backdated to the date when the divorce petition was filed was for a smaller
sum than the current maintenance ordered in that decision.

8 Before I continue, I should mention that in the past, an applicant seeking
to dissolve a marriage had to file a divorce petition. Nowadays, a writ of
summons is filed instead.

9 In the first place, I do not see why a court should use the date of the
decision on ancillaries as a reference point to determine when a person should
start being liable for maintenance. In the absence of a claim for interim
maintenance, a claim for maintenance will usually arise when or after a writ
is filed for the dissolution of a marriage. Quite often, the dissolution of a
marriage is dealt with first. This leads to an interim judgment. Other issues
like maintenance, division of matrimonial assets, custody of and access to
children, collectively referred to as “ancillaries”, are dealt with later. So
usually there are lapses of time from the filing and service of the writ to
the date when the interim judgment is given and from the date of the interim
judgment to the date when a decision is given on the ancillaries. Quite often
each lapse of time is not due to the misconduct of either party, let alone the
misconduct of the applicant for maintenance. Therefore, there is, generally
speaking, no valid reason to use the date of the decision on the ancillaries
as a reference point to commence maintenance. The date of the writ is a better
reference point.

10 Secondly, there is no reason why, generally speaking, an applicant for
maintenance should be compelled to apply for interim maintenance pending the
hearing of ancillaries. I say she is compelled to do so because if she does
not, she faces the risk that she will be penalised as was the wife in the case
before me.

11 To claim interim maintenance, a wife has to file a set of cause papers. In
addition, there will be a hearing for the interim maintenance application. The
process is duplicated to some extent after a writ is filed for a judgment to
dissolve the marriage and maintenance is sought. Why should costs be incurred
and the time of the court be spent on an interim maintenance application if
the wife is able and willing to wait till the ancillaries are heard to obtain
maintenance? To adopt the approach in [5] and [6] above is to encourage
applicants to incur unnecessary costs and to clutter the court’s calendar with
unnecessary applications.

12 Various considerations may have to be taken into account in deciding when
to order maintenance to start. For example:

(a) What was the reason for not applying for interim maintenance?

(b) What was the income and expenses of the parties in the past?

(c) Is the man paying the maintenance ordered at the ancillaries stage
prejudiced if the commencement of maintenance is backdated to a date before
the date of the order or before the date of the writ? Why is he prejudiced if
he has not paid maintenance (or if he paid a lower maintenance) in the past?
Is it not the applicant who has been prejudiced because she has had to
shoulder various expenses on her own or with limited help from him until the
order for maintenance is made?

(d) Will the arrears of maintenance be too sudden and too large a sum to be
imposed and will that be balanced by the fact that the man has had the benefit
of not paying maintenance or paying lower maintenance in the past?

(e) Will using instalment payments and/or using part of the man’s share of
matrimonial assets to pay the arrears of maintenance adequately address the
issue?

13 The above considerations are not exhaustive. The point is that the court
has a wide power to order maintenance to commence from whichever date the
court considers fair. The court may even order maintenance to be backdated to
a date before the writ was filed, for example, to a date when the applicant
left the matrimonial home and was paying for all her expenses on her own. Such
a wide power should not be fettered by the approach mentioned in [5] and [6]
above.

14 In the case before me, the husband said he had paid for various expenses up
to January 2009 although the wife claimed she had put money into his account
to make the various payments. Bearing in mind (a) that the husband had stopped
paying the expenses from February 2009 even on his own version and (b) that
the writ in question was filed in February 2009, I was of the view that it was
fair to order his obligation to pay maintenance to commence from February
2009. I so ordered.

15 As regards the argument for the husband before me that the wife had a
source of income from letting out one or two rooms in the matrimonial flat in
the past, that source of income was also available when the district judge
ordered maintenance for the children to be fixed at $400 per month. That
source of income was therefore no reason to preclude the maintenance from
commencing from the month the writ was filed.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 07 Apr 2011 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

