Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Low Heng Leon Andy _v_ Low Kian Beng Lawrence (administrator of the estate
of Tan Ah Kng, deceased)  
[2011] SGHC 184

Case Number| :| Suit No 252 of 2011 (Summons No 8074 of 2010)  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 05 August 2011  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Chan Wei Sern Paul AR  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Gopinath S/O Pillai (Eldan Law LLP) for the Plaintiff;
Tan Tian Luh (Chancery law Corporation) for the Defendant.  
Parties| :|  Low Heng Leon Andy — Low Kian Beng Lawrence (administrator of the
estate of Tan Ah Kng, deceased)  
  
5 August 2011| Judgment reserved.  
---|---  
  
Chan Wei Sern Paul AR:

Introduction

1 In the present application to strike out the Plaintiff’s statement of claim,
or part thereof, two separate issues of law were presented for the court’s
determination. First, what is the nature and effect of consent orders and did
a prior consent order entered into between the parties preclude the
Plaintiff’s action in the present suit? Secondly, did the effect of section
51(10) of the Housing and Development Act (Cap 129, 2004 Rev Ed) (“HDA”)
extend so far as to preclude the bringing of a proprietary estoppel claim
involving a Housing and Development Board (“HDB”) flat? Although these issues
appear novel at first sight, the answers were, in truth, not far to find once
the principles already espoused in the relevant areas of law were properly
considered. To this task I now turn my attention.

**The background to the application**

(i) the factual background

2 The Plaintiff and the Defendant are cousins. Their dispute arose following
the demise of their common grandmother, Tan Ah Kng (“the Deceased”), and
revolved around a flat situated at Block 306, Hougang Avenue 5, #02-355
Singapore 530306 (the “Flat”) that she left behind. This was a flat sold by
the HDB and which was subject to the provisions of the HDA. While the
Defendant did not necessarily agree with everything stated in the Plaintiff’s
statement of claim and his subsequent affidavit, it was only necessary, for
the purposes of the present application, to consider the Plaintiff’s version
of the facts.

3 A note, before we continue, about the pleadings. I am not given to be
particularly particular about particulars. However, it would not be inaccurate
to describe the statement of claim filed by the Plaintiff as inadequately
bare. In it, he set out the relationship between the main protagonists, the
gist of the main facts as well as the breakdown for his claim of S$18,350.50.
Unfortunately, much of the relevant, and indeed crucial, facts were not
properly pleaded. While brevity in pleadings is a virtue that should be
encouraged, the austerity of the Plaintiff’s statement of claim in this case
meant that it was impossible to discern what the legal basis for his claim
was. Indeed, it almost appeared that the Plaintiff himself was unclear as to
his legal claim, merely that he had disparate grievances that required airing.
It was not until the Plaintiff filed a subsequent affidavit, for the purposes
of this application, that much of his case could be understood. It is mostly
on the basis of the subsequent affidavit that most of the following facts are
recounted.

4 Insofar as I was able to discern, the Flat was purchased around 1983. At the
time of the purchase, the Deceased was the sole owner of the Flat but at some
unknown subsequent point in time, one of her daughters, Low Eng Cheng (“the
Aunt”), was added as an owner such that the Flat was owed in joint tenancy
between the two of them. Be that as it may, it was the Plaintiff and his
immediate family who had use of the Flat as their family home for many years.
This certainly was the case from the time the Plaintiff was born (in 1984)
until 2003. In that latter year, for reasons undisclosed, most of the
Plaintiff’s family moved out of the Flat, save for one of the Plaintiff’s
brother and the Plaintiff himself. About two years later, in 2005, the
Deceased and the Aunt also made the Flat their residence. The year after, the
Plaintiff’s brother moved out. This, of course, left the Deceased, the Aunt
and the Plaintiff as the remaining occupants of the Flat.

5 The Plaintiff averred that almost immediately after his brother had left the
Flat, the Plaintiff had to look after both the Deceased and the Aunt as they
were in poor physical health. The Aunt was diagnosed with ovarian cancer while
the Deceased, towards the end of her life, contracted tuberculosis. The
responsibility for caring for the infirm fell to the Plaintiff who, I am told,
fulfilled his familial obligations selflessly. Despite the Plaintiff’s
efforts, both the Aunt and the Deceased eventually succumbed to their
illnesses and passed away in 2007 and 2008, respectively. Both of them died
intestate.

6 On 28 April 2009, the Defendant was granted letters of administration in
respect of the Deceased’s estate. The only asset which had to be distributed
was the Flat (which the Deceased owned wholly following the earlier death of
the Aunt). Pursuant to the Intestate Succession Act (Cap 146, 1985 Rev Ed),
the beneficiaries of the estate were the five surviving children of the
Deceased; the Plaintiff was therefore not a beneficiary of the estate. The
Defendant then took the view that the Plaintiff was, whilst the Deceased was
alive, a free lodger and, now, an illegal occupier of the Flat. Accordingly,
in what he regarded was his lawful duty as the administrator of the Deceased’s
estate, the Defendant endeavoured to remove the Plaintiff from the Flat. In
succession, the Defendant orally informed the Plaintiff to vacate the Flat,
called a locksmith to pick the lock of the Flat and instructed solicitors to
issue a letter of demand to the Plaintiff.

(ii) the legal background

7 Finally, given the Plaintiff’s lack of response to his entreaties, the
Defendant commenced Originating Summons No. 213 of 2009 (the “Order 81
Application”). In that application, the Defendant sued, pursuant to Order 81
of the Rules of Court (Cap 322, R 5, 2006 Rev Ed) (“ROC”), for immediate
possession of the Flat as well as costs for the legal proceedings. Thereafter,
but prior to the hearing of the Order 81 Application, attempts at an amicable
settlement were made, the details of which would turn out to be significant
for the present application.

8 The olive branch was first extended by the Defendant even though he was also
the one who commenced the Order 81 Application. On 13 July 2009, his counsel
wrote to the Plaintiff’s counsel in the following terms:

2.The [Defendant] offers to settle this OS [the Order 81 Application] as
follows:

a.That the [Plaintiff] does agree to vacate the HDB flat in question within a
date no later than 31 July 2009;

b.In return, the [Defendant] will not ask for the costs of the OS and the
Plaintiff will agree to abandon the claims arising from trespass and unlawful
occupation;

c.This agreement to be recorded in a consent order within on or before 24 July
2009.

9 To that offer counsel for the Plaintiff responded on 17 July 2009 in a
somewhat equivocal fashion:

2.We write to confirm that our client will accept the offer as set out in your
Fax, without prejudice to any claims that he may have against the estate,
particularly in respect of any moneys expended and/or ownership.

10 In the following fax, on 21 July 2009, counsel for the Defendant set out
the Defendant’s view that the Plaintiff had made a counteroffer:

1.We refer to your fax dated 17 July 2009 accepting our client’s offer to
settle this OS. Technically, the fax contains a counter offer in paragraph 2
after the first comma. That portion is not part of any settlement which the
[Defendant] agrees to and will have to be left to be resolved under the
general law, if applicable.

2.We enclose the draft Order for your reference. This document will also be
served on you by EFS.

3.We will attend before the District Judge on Friday to record the settlement
before extracting the Order. Please let us know if you wish for us to mention
on your behalf.

Significantly, the terms of the draft order enclosed with the foregoing fax
were similar to those of the consent order eventually entered into: see [12],
below. The terms, in short, were that the Plaintiff vacates the Flat and the
Defendant abandons any claim for trespass and unlawful occupation as well as
costs.

11 This chain of correspondence finally concluded with counsel for the
Plaintiff writing to the Defendant’s counsel on 22 July 2009 in the following
manner:

1.We refer to your fax of 21 July 2009, received by us at 9.00pm (the “Fax”).

2.We acknowledge the contents of the Fax. Rather than making a counter-offer,
we were merely reiterating that the acceptance of your client’s offer was not
be deemed an abandonment of any claims that he may have against the Estate.

3.We enclose herewith the amended draft consent order, duly approved by us for
your necessary action. As the amendments are extensive, we have redrafted and
approved the same. We trust you will have no objections to this.

The draft was essentially amended for organisation and to comply with the
standard form for Orders of Court. The substantive terms of the order remained
unaltered.

12 Indeed, the form and substance of the amended draft prepared by the
Plaintiff’s counsel reflected the actual one eventually entered into before
Deputy Registrar Julian Chin on 24 July 2009\. The learned Deputy Registrar
recorded the terms as follows:

i.

the [Defendant] be given immediate possession of the [Flat];

ii.

the [Plaintiff] shall deliver vacant possession of the Flat to the [Defendant]
by 31 July 2009;

iii.

provided the [Plaintiff] vacates the Flat by 31 July 2009, the estate of Tan
Ah Kng (“the Estate”) shall agree to abandon any claims by the Estate against
the [Plaintiff] arising from the [Plaintiff’s] occupation of the Flat in
respect of trespass and unlawful occupation; and

iv.

that there be no order as to costs.

Thereafter, the Flat was duly delivered to the Defendant, sold and the
proceeds thereof distributed.

13 Subsequently, the Plaintiff commenced the present suit to recover, as I
have mentioned, a total of S$18,350.50 or, alternatively, damages to be
assessed. According to the statement of claim, the claim was for “the monies
expended in taking care of [the Deceased] during her lifetime” and that “[t]he
Plaintiff’s claim against the Defendant arose when the Deceased passed away
and the Defendant gave notice to the Plaintiff to evict out of the flat…” The
claim of S$18,350.50 was obtained by totalling various household expenses,
including expenses for power services, telecommunication services, transport
and town council charges which the Plaintiff had paid for. Dissatisfied with
the action, the Defendant took out the present application to strike out the
statement of claim, in whole or in part, pursuant to Order 18, rule 19(1)(a),
(b) and (d) of the ROC.

**The parties’ submissions**

(i) the Plaintiff’s case

14 As alluded to earlier, the affidavit that the Plaintiff filed for the
purposes of the present application cleared up much of the factual ambiguity
created by the statement of claim. However, the legal basis of the Plaintiff’s
claim was still unclear. To further complicate matters, at different points in
his affidavit, the Plaintiff made oblique references to licenses, proprietary
estoppel and constructive trust without stating explicitly which ground he was
seriously pursuing or if he was relying on all of them. Even in the written
submissions tendered before me, it was maintained that the “causes of action
against the Defendant lie in estoppel and constructive trust.” However, before
me, counsel for the Plaintiff confirmed that the Plaintiff’s case was one of
proprietary estoppel on the basis of the following facts:

i.

The Deceased had, on various occasions prior to her demise, promised that the
Flat should not be sold, that the Plaintiff could live in the Flat for as long
as he wanted and that he could use the Flat as his family home. Such promises
were made not just in the presence of the Plaintiff but also in the presence
of other family members.

ii.

In reliance of those promises, the Plaintiff acted to his detriment. For
instance, he took care of the Deceased by paying for the household and medical
expenses. He also gave up a relatively rewarding career as a financial planner
to work from home as a tutor so as to take better care of the Deceased.
Furthermore, the Plaintiff exposed himself to danger by living in close
proximity with the Deceased who had tuberculosis and had to undergo the ordeal
of medical examinations to ascertain that he, himself, had not contracted the
disease.

iii.

As a result, of the foregoing, an equity had been raised. However, the
Plaintiff did not seek a trust over any interest in the Flat to satisfy that
equity. Instead, the Plaintiff sought to be compensated by damages for the
outlay he had already incurred in reliance of the Deceased’s promises. In
short, the Plaintiff had paid for various household and medical expenses in
reliance of the representation that he would be allowed to stay in the Flat
for as long as he desired. The promise not having been kept, he sought to be
put back into the same position he would have been in had he not relied on
those promises.

(ii) the Defendant’s submissions

15 Counsel for the Defendant essentially presented two arguments, one
revolving around the Order 81 Application and the other around the HDA.

16 First, counsel for the Defendant argued that the Plaintiff was estopped
from raising his claim. This was because the issue as to whether the Plaintiff
was entitled to any interest in the Flat was first brought before the courts
in the Order 81 Application. In an affidavit to support that application, the
Defendant had alleged that the Plaintiff was an illegal occupier of the Flat.
The natural import of such an allegation was that the Plaintiff had no claim
to or interest in the Flat. If the Plaintiff thought otherwise, he should have
challenged the Defendant’s Order 81 Application. Instead, the Plaintiff chose
to enter into a consent judgment and give up possession of the Flat. By so
doing, the Plaintiff had, in fact, _agreed_ with the Defendant’s allegations
as set out in the supporting affidavit and should not now be allowed to re-
open the issue.

17 The other distinct argument made by the Defendant’s counsel was that the
Plaintiff was precluded from bringing his claim by virtue of section 51(10) of
the HDA, which reads as follows:

No person shall become entitled to any protected property (or any interest in
such property) under any resulting trust or constructive trust whensoever
created or arising.

It was not disputed between the parties that the Plaintiff was ineligible to
own the Flat as he, being unmarried and without a family nucleus, did not
satisfy the HDB’s Eligibility Rules. However, given how the Plaintiff’s
pleadings were initially unclear and how the Plaintiff’s counsel had
subsequently clarified that the claim was based on proprietary estoppel and
not constructive trust, I asked counsel for the Defendant if he was still
pursuing this argument. He answered in the affirmative. His view was that the
Plaintiff’s claim, if successful raised, necessarily raised an equitable
interest in the Flat. While it may be that the Plaintiff was presently seeking
only liquidated damages and not an interest in the Flat, this prayer was in
lieu of, and therefore based on, an equitable interest. By his reckoning, all
equitable interests in a HDB flat raised in favour of an ineligible person are
prohibited. As such, the Plaintiff’s claim was doomed to failure and should be
struck out for that reason.

(iii) the Plaintiff’s reply

18 The Plaintiff’s response to the Defendant’s arguments was relatively
straightforward.

19 Addressing the Defendant’s argument on issue estoppel, counsel for the
Plaintiff pointed out that in the correspondence leading up to the making of
the consent judgment, the Plaintiff had emphasised that that he was preserving
his rights to any claim he may have against the Defendant, including the
present one he was making. In effect, all that he was consenting to in the
Order 81 Application was to vacate and give up possession of the Flat. This
was reflected by the circumstances in which the consent order was entered into
as well as the very terms in the eventual order made: see [12], above. The
Plaintiff was therefore not estopped from pursuing the present claim.

20 Where the issue involving the HDA was concerned, the Plaintiff’s counsel
made clear that the Plaintiff’s case, in no way, involved a constructive
trust. It was, as stated earlier, grounded in proprietary estoppel. If the
claim was successful, no interest in the Flat need arise as the Plaintiff was
seeking for equitable compensation. This was different from a claim seeking an
equitable proprietary interest in the Flat. The court, it was submitted, may
satisfy an equity raised by a claim of proprietary estoppel in a number of
ways, including by declaring a trust over the Plaintiff’s interest or by
awarding equitable compensation. The latter remedy was independent of the
former. As such, the Plaintiff’s claim was not precluded by section 51(10) of
the HDA which only prohibited an ineligible person from being entitled to a
HDB flat by way of a constructive or resulting trust.

The decision of the court

21 The Defendant’s present application was made pursuant to Order 18, rule
19(1)(a), (b) and (d) of the ROC, reproduced below:

**19-(1**) The Court may at any stage of the proceedings order to be struck
out or amended any pleading or endorsement of any writ in the action, or
anything in the pleading or in the endorsement, on the ground that –

(a) it discloses no reasonable cause of action or defence, as the case may be;

(b) it is scandalous, frivolous or vexation;

(d) it is otherwise an abuse of the process of the Court,

and may order the action to be stayed or dismissed or judgment to be entered
accordingly, as the case may be.

22 The standard which must be satisfied before pleadings can be struck out was
clearly set out in the Court of Appeal case of _Gabriel Peter & Partners
(suing as a firm) v Wee Chong Jin and oths_, [1997] SLR(R) 649, which reads,
_inter alia_ :

18 In general, it is only in plain and obvious cases that the power of
striking out should be invoked. This was the view taken by Lindley MR in
_Hubbuck & Sons v Wilkinson, Heywood and Clark_ [1899] 1 QB 86 at p 91. It
should not be exercised by a minute and protracted examination of the
documents and facts of the case in order to see if the Plaintiff really has a
case of action. The practice of the courts has been that, where an application
for striking out involves a lengthy and serious argument, the court should
decline to proceed with the argument unless, not only does it have doubts as
to the soundness of the pleading, but in addition, it is satisfied that
striking out will obviate the necessity for a trial or reduce the burden of
preparing for a trial.

In _Tan Eng Khiam v Ultra Realty Pte Ltd_ [1991] 1 SLR(R) 844, G P Selvam JC
explained the court’s reluctance to summarily strike out a claim (at [31]) as
follows:

…This is anchored on the judicial policy to afford a litigant the right to
institute a bona fide claim before the courts and to prosecute it in the usual
way. _Whenever possible the courts will let the Plaintiff proceed with the
action unless his case is wholly and clearly unarguable…_ [Emphasis added.]

23 Although the Defendant had cited three limbs of Order 18, rule 19(1) as the
basis for his application, counsel for the Defendant only seriously pursued
the “frivolous and vexatious” limb before me. In respect of those words, Lai
Siu Chiu J, delivering judgment on behalf of the Court of Appeal, stated in
_Ridhuan bin Yusof v Khng Thian Huat and another_ [2005] 2 SLR(R) 188 that:

29 In _Afro-Asia Shipping Co (Pte) Ltd v Haridass Ho & Partners_ [2003] 2
SLR(R) 491 I had defined (at [22]) the words “frivolous or vexatious” under O
18 r 19(1)(b) of the Rules to mean “cases which are obviously unsustainable or
wrong, [and where] the words connote purposelessness in relation to the
process or a lack of seriousness or truth and a lack of _bona fides_ ”. The
definition as held by Yong Pung How CJ in _Goh Koon Suan v Heng Gek Kiau_
[1990] 2 SLR(R) 705 at [15], also included proceedings where a party “is not
acting _bona fide_ and merely wishes to annoy or embarrass his opponent, or
when it is not calculated to lead to any practical result”.

There being no serious suggestion that the Plaintiff was not acting _bona
fide_ , I had, therefore, only to ascertain if the Plaintiff’s cause of action
was obviously unsustainable or wrong.

24 In connection thereto, and arising from the submissions made by counsel for
the Defendant, two main issues arose for consideration:

i.

whether the Plaintiff’s claim was precluded by the consent order entered into
between the parties in the Order 81 Application; and

ii.

whether the Plaintiff’s claim was precluded by section 51(10) of the HDA.

Whether the Plaintiff’s claim was precluded by the consent judgment

25 The key to this issue really laid in understanding the nature of a consent
order and the effects thereof. To this end, a short survey of case law is
necessary.

The law on consent orders

26 In _Siebe Gorman & Co Ltd v Pneupac Ltd_ [1982] 1 W.L.R. 185 (“ _Siebe
Gorman_ ”), a decision of the English Court of Appeal, the Plaintiffs issued a
writ against the Defendants in respect of a transaction of goods. After the
close of pleadings, the Defendants took out a summons for specific discovery
to be provided within 10 days of the date of the order sought. The summons
also prayed for a peremptory order in default of compliance with the order,
even though this was the first summons for discovery. Just prior to attending
before the Master for the hearing of the summons, solicitors for both parties
had a brief discussion and agreed that, in return for the Plaintiffs
consenting to the order sought, the Defendants would allow the Plaintiffs ten
days to comply with the order. No mention was made of the peremptory prayer
then. However, when the Defendants drew up the order, the peremptory prayer
was included. Naturally, the Plaintiffs failed to comply with the order for
discovery. After the Defendants took the position that the Plaintiffs’ claim
had been struck out, the Plaintiffs applied for an extension of time to
comply. This was allowed at first instance but was reversed upon appeal. The
Plaintiffs then further appealed to the Court of Appeal.

27 The leading judgment was written by Lord Denning M.R. who, in his usual
breezy manner, allowed an extension of time for the Plaintiffs to comply with
the discovery order. In so doing, he noted that not all consent orders were
alike (at 189) as follows:

We have had a discussion about “consent orders”. It should be clearly
understood by the profession that, when an order is expressed to be made “by
consent”, it is ambiguous. There are two meanings to the words “by consent.”
That was observed by Lord Greene M.R. in Chandless-Chandless v Nicholson
[1942] 2 K.B. 321, 324. One meaning is this: the words “by consent” may
evidence a real contract between the parties. In such a case the court will
only interfere with such an order on the same grounds as it would with any
other contract. The other meaning is this: the words “by consent” may mean
“the parties hereto not objecting.” In such a case there is no real contract
between the parties. The order can be altered or varied by the court in the
same circumstances as any other order that is made by the court without the
consent of the parties. In every case it is necessary to discover the meaning
is used. Does the order evidence a real contract between the parties? Or does
it only evidence an order made without objections?

Thus, Lord Denning distinguished between contractual consent orders and ‘no
objections’ consent orders. The former is, in essence, a contract entered into
in the presence of the court; the latter, as observed by Templeman LJ in
_Tigner-Roche & Co Ltd v Spiro_(1982) 126 SJ 525 (“ _Tigner-Roche_ ”), is
merely a case where “...the Plaintiffs [or the Defendants as the case may be]
merely bowed their heads and submitted to such an order”. This distinction has
since been followed in many English cases thereafter: see _Greater London
Council v Rush Tomkins_ (1984) 128 SJ 722 (full transcript available on
Lexis), _RG Carter (West Norfolk) Ltd v Ham Gray Associates Ltd_ (1994) 42
ConLR 68, _Boyle v Hagerty_ (unreported, 29 October 1987, full transcript
available on Lexis), _Wembley Laboratories Ltd v Joyce Ground Engineering Ltd_
(1989) 19 ConLR 143 and _Community Care North East (a partnership) v Durham
County Council_ [2010] 4 All ER 733.

28 In the circumstances of the case, Lord Denning considered the consent order
made in the application before him to be a “no objections” consent order (at
190):

I cannot put any such interpretation [an interpretation that the consent order
was a contractual consent order] on the order which was drawn up in this case.
It often happens in the Bear Garden that one solicitor or legal executive says
to the other, “Give me 10 days.” The other agrees. They go in before the
master. They say, “We have agreed the order.” The master initials it. It is
said to be “by consent.” But there is no real contract. All that happens is
that the master makes an order without any objection being made to it. It
seems to me that that is what exactly happened here. The solicitors for the
Plaintiffs were saying, “We do not object to the order. Give us the extra 10
days from the time of inspection, and that is good enough.” It seems to me
quite impossible in this case to infer any contract from the fact that the
order was drawn up as “by consent.”

29 The first local case that picked up on the distinction drawn by Lord
Denning was, I believe, the High Court case of _Wiltopps (Asia) Ltd v Drew &
Napier and another_ [1999] 1 SLR(R) 252 (“ _Wiltopps_ ”). In that case, after
the writ was filed, the Plaintiff failed to comply with a court order to file
affidavits of evidence-in-chief. Initially, the Defendants were happy to
provide the Plaintiff with more time. Eventually, however, the delay was so
exorbitant that the Defendants filed an application praying that unless the
exchange of affidavits of evidence-in-chief took place within three days, the
Plaintiff’s action would be dismissed with costs without further order. At the
hearing of that summons, it was recorded in the Notes of Evidence that the
Plaintiff was “prepared to accept an unless order, provided that the summons
in chambers is for seven days”. To that effect the court so ordered.
Unfortunately, the Plaintiff again failed to comply by the deadline. Pursuant
to the unless order, the Defendants extracted an order for the action to be
dismissed. The Plaintiff sought to set aside this default judgment.

30 Lee Seiu Kin JC cited the case of _Siebe Gorman_ , applied the analysis to
the case before him and held that the consent order entered into was of the
contractual kind. He reasoned (at [19]):

In the present case the unless order was made pursuant to an application taken
out by the Defendants who had prayed for an unless order that gave the
Plaintiffs three days to comply. At the hearing of that application, the
Plaintiffs’ solicitors offered to consent to the order if they were given
seven days, to which the Defendants’ solicitors agreed. It was on this basis
that the court made the order. It is clear that there was consideration
flowing from the Defendants to the Plaintiffs in that they would otherwise
have maintained their application for a three-day deadline, in respect of
which there was a possibility that they would obtain it. This was therefore an
order giving effect to the contract between the parties.

Having so decided, Lee JC then went on to examine the effect of a contractual
consent order. To this end, he observed (at [23]):

A judgment or order by consent is binding until it is set aside and fresh
proceedings must be commenced if it is sought to set aside a consent order. In
_Wilding v Sanderson_ [1897] 2 CH 534, Byrne J said, at 543:

A consent judgment or order is meant to be the formal result and expression of
an agreement already arrived at between the parties to proceedings embodied in
an order of the Court. The fact of its being so expressed puts the parties in
a different position from the position of those who have simply entered into
an ordinary agreement. It is, of course, enforceable while it stands, and a
party affected by it cannot, if he conceives he is entitled to relief from its
operation, simply wait until it is sought to be enforced against him, and then
raise by way of defence the matters in respect of which he desires to be
relieved. He must, when once it has been completed, obey it, unless and until
he can get it set aside in proceedings duly constituted for the purpose.

31 The next significant case is that of _Wellmix Organics (International) Pte
Ltd v Lau Yu Man_ [2006] 2 SLR(R) 117 (“ _Wellmix_ ”). _Wellmix_ revolved
around an alleged consent unless order, this time for the Defendant, rather
than the Plaintiff, to serve affidavits of evidence-in-chief failing which the
defence would be struck out. This unless order was entered into after counsel
for both parties had a discussion outside chambers. After the Defendant failed
to comply with the unless order, the Plaintiff attempted to enforce the same;
the Defendant denied that the unless order was by consent and appealed against
the decision of the assistant registrar who had agreed with the Plaintiff.

32 Against this backdrop, Andrew Phang Boon Leong J set out the methodology to
be employed in ascertaining whether there was a contractual consent order (at
[14]) as follows:

The _general_ (albeit crucial) starting-point is this: One has to adopt an
_objective_ approach towards ascertaining _the parties’ intentions_ at the
initial hearing before the assistant registrar and, indeed, before he made the
order concerned. In this regard, close attention had to be paid not only to
the parties’ own actions _in the context of the relevant surrounding
circumstances_ but also to the _language and terms of the actual order made by
the assistant registrar himself_. Looked at in this light, it is clear that
the assistant registrar’s own _subjective_ interpretation of the order he had
made earlier on, whilst not totally irrelevant, was clearly not decisive by
any means. [Emphasis in original.]

In the circumstances before him, Phang J found that the unless order made
between the parties was not a contractual consent order. This was because the
discussion between counsel was a short one and there was no prior negotiations
nor clear written correspondence. Neither were the words “By consent” used by
the assistant registrar in making his order. On that basis, _inter alia_ ,
Phang J set aside the interlocutory judgment entered in favour of the
Plaintiff.

33 A brief pause, if I may, to address an issue not strictly relevant to the
present proceedings. In _Wiltopps_ , Lee JC also considered the following
question: once a contractual consent order has been entered into, can the
court subsequent to that interfere with the terms of the agreement? He noted
the two differing opinions proffered by the coram in _Purcell v F C Trigell
Ltd_ [1971] 1 QB 358 (“ _Purcell_ ”) on this issue. Specifically, Lord Denning
proposed a further distinction between a contractual consent order in an
interlocutory matter and a contractual consent order made as a final judgment.
As to the former, Lord Denning was of the opinion (at 363) that:

The court has always a control over interlocutory orders. It may, in its
discretion, vary or alter them even though made originally by consent.

Where a final judgment is made by consent, however, the court - Lord Denning
reckoned - has no discretion to interfere, save pursuant to ordinary
contractual principles. However, the majority, including Winn LJ and Buckley
LJ, saw no reason to make the same distinction. Regardless of whether the
contractual consent order was an interlocutory judgment or a final judgment,
they were of the opinion that it can only be set aside on ordinary contractual
principles.

34 Lee JC did not, in _Wiltopps_ , make a decision as to which view was
correct as it was unnecessary for him to do so. However, he made clear that
the majority view was the one he preferred, _i.e_., a contractual consent
order can only be set aside on grounds that would justify the setting aside of
a contract. Phang J, in _Wellmix_ , did however take a decisive stand on this
issue. After carefully examining all the relevant authorities and materials on
this issue (including _Purcell_ and _Wiltopps_), Phang J held:

89 However, I would be prepared to accept that, the objections in the
preceding paragraphs notwithstanding, **it would still be desirable to
allocate to the court a residuary discretion of the type suggested by Lord
Denning MR in**** _Purcell_****. In this regard, I also respectfully differ
from the view preferred by Lee JC in the**** _Wiltopps_****case** , and I do
so for the following main reason.

90 It must be borne in mind that a consent unless order, whilst technically a
contract between the parties, is one that allows one party to wholly deprive
the other of its legal rights in the context of litigation. Even though such
an order has been agreed upon between the parties, there may, in my view,
arise certain circumstances where it would nevertheless be unjust for the
party in whose favour the consent order operates to insist on its enforcement
in the absence of a high degree of intentionally contumacious or contumelious
conduct.

91 Such a discretion is, in the final analysis, merely an aspect of the
court’s power to have ultimate control over its own procedure. This is not at
all unreasonable, in my view, and does, on balance, conduce to justice and
fairness. The focus is still on procedure, rather than substance. It might be
argued that the substantive rights of the Plaintiff would be adversely
affected. This is arguably the case but it must never be forgotten that an
unless order is part of the procedural armoury and is not based on the
substantive merits of the case as such. Thus, an unless order (whether by
consent or otherwise) deals, in the final analysis, with the _litigation
process and, on this score, the courts ought to have the final say_.

[Emphasis in italics in original. Emphasis in bold added.]

This was the other basis on which Phang J arrived at his decision.

35 The last local case which has added to our understanding of consent orders
is that of _Woo Koon Chee v Scandinavian Boiler Service (Asia) Pte Ltd and
others_ [2010] 4 SLR 1213 (“ _Woo Koon Chee_ ”). In that case, it was not
disputed that there was a contractual consent order made which was aimed at
resolving the substantive conflict between the parties. Unfortunately, the
appellant failed to abide by the terms of that contractual consent order. The
respondents then took out a summons for specific enforcement. The issue at
hand was the appropriate manner in which a contractual consent order should be
enforced.

36 The Court of Appeal endorsed the following passage found in the _Singapore
Court Practice 2009_ (Jeffrey Pinsler gen ed, LexisNexis 2009) in holding that
the respondents need not start a separate action to enforce the contractual
consent order:

**42/1/6. Consent judgments and orders**. The terms of a settlement agreement
may be enforced by a separate action, assuming the agreement has the status of
a legally binding contract…

However, the advantage of embodying the terms of the settlement in a consent
judgment or order is that it may be _automatically_ enforced in the event of
non-compliance…

[Emphasis in original.]

More pertinent to the present application before me, the Court of Appeal also
touched upon the nature of a contractual consent order as well as the action
pursuant to which the order was made (at [18]):

By Summons No 76, the Relevant Respondents were clearly seeking to enforce
their rights under the Consent Order and not under Suit 53 of 2008, **which
cause** (consistent with the principle enunciated in _IOB v Motorcycle
Industries_ at [12] above) **had been merged with and superseded by the
Consent Order**. [Emphasis added.]

In _Indian Overseas Bank v Motorcycle Industries (1973) Pte Ltd_ [1992] 3
SLR(R) 841 (“ _IOB v Motorcycle Industries_ ”), the Court of Appeal had relied
on the following passage in _Halsbury’s Laws of England_ vol 37 (Butterworths,
4th Ed) at para 391:

…[w]here the parties settle or compromise pending proceedings, whether before,
at or during the trial, the settlement or compromise constitutes at a new and
independent agreement between them made for good consideration. **Its effects
are (1) to put an end to the proceedings, for they are thereby spent and
exhausted; (2) to preclude the parties from taking any further steps in the
action, except where they have provided for liberty to apply to enforce the
agreed terms; and (3) to supersede the original cause of action altogether…**
An agreement for a compromise may be enforced or set aside on the same grounds
and in the same way as any other contract… [Emphasis added.]

37 The following is, then, the law relating to consent orders as I understand
it:

i.

There are two kinds of consent orders. One is a contractual consent order.
This is a real contract between the parties, recorded in the presence of the
court. The other is a ‘no objections’ consent order. This is, in essence, a
passive consent order in that one party simply does not object to the prayers
sought by the other party: see _Siebe Gorman, Wiltopps_ and _Wellmix_.

ii.

To distinguish between the two, one must adopt an objective approach and look
at all relevant circumstances of the case, including the parties’ conduct and
the order made: _see Wellmix_.

iii.

In the case of a contractual consent order which aims to settle the
substantive dispute, the consent order supersedes the original cause of action
altogether. The original proceedings are then spent and exhausted: see _Woo
Koon Chee_ and _IOB v Motorcycle Industries_. Presumably, a contractual
consent order dealing with an interlocutory matter supersedes the
interlocutory application and the application is then spent and exhausted.

iv.

Where enforcement is concerned, a consent order, whether a contractual or a
‘no objections’ one, may be, but need not be, enforced without a fresh action.
It may be enforced like any other court order: see _Woo Koon Chee_.

v.

However, different principles apply to the setting aside or variation of a
contractual consent order and a ‘no objections’ consent order. In the former
case, the consent order can only be set aside or varied pursuant to ordinary
principles applied in the law of contract. In a ‘no objections’ consent order,
the principles applicable to the setting aside or variation of an ordinary
court order applies: see _Siebe Gorman_ and _Wellmix_.

vi.

There is one rider to the principle stated in (v). Insofar as a contractual
consent order regarding interlocutory matters is concerned, the court has an
overriding discretion to vary or alter the terms of the order: see _Wellmix_
and Lord Denning _per Purcell_. This is an exception to the general rule that
contractual consent orders may be set aside or varied pursuant only to
ordinary contract law principles.

Application of the law to the facts

38 In order to address the arguments presented by the Defendant’s counsel, it
must first, of course, be ascertained what kind of consent order was agreed to
between the parties in the Order 81 Application. This was to be done by using
an objective approach, taking into account all relevant circumstances of the
case. Upon a close examination of the correspondence between the parties
leading up to the making of the consent order, there was no doubt in my mind
that the consent order arrived at was a consent order of the contractual kind.

39 The genesis of the consent order was the olive branch extended by the
Defendant on 13 July 2009: see [8], above. In this fax, the Defendant agreed
not to seek costs for the Order 81 Application and to abandon any claims for
trespass if the Plaintiff will vacate the Flat by 31 July 2009. This,
obviously, was an offer as understood in contract law to settle the Order 81
Application on the terms set out. However, the nature of the response by the
Plaintiff’s counsel on 17 July 2009 (see [9], above) was not so easy to
discern. This was because counsel for the Plaintiff did not accept the olive
branch unequivocally but said that “our client will accept the offer…without
prejudice to any claims that he may have against the estate, particularly in
respect of any moneys expended and/or ownership.” To my mind, this response
may be understood in two ways. First, it may be understood as a counteroffer
in that the Plaintiff accepted all the terms set out in the Defendant’s
initial offer but wished to include a separate term that the Plaintiff was to
be allowed to pursue any claims against the estate that he may have. This was
indeed the way the Defendant’s counsel understood the response. Secondly, the
response may also be understood as a request for clarification. The Plaintiff
wanted to ascertain that the terms of the Defendant’s initial offer did not
implicitly preclude the Plaintiff from claiming against the estate. If so, the
Plaintiff was willing to accept the Defendant’s offer. I myself preferred this
second interpretation of the Plaintiff’s response. However, regardless of
whichever interpretation was correct, the significant point was that there was
no contract formed at this stage as there was no unequivocal acceptance.

40 What then is to be made of the next fax of 21 July 2009 by the Defendant’s
counsel (see 10, above)? To reiterate, the Defendant’s counsel wrote, _inter
alia_ , that:

[t]echnically, the fax [from the Plaintiff’s counsel] contains a counter offer
in paragraph 2 after the first comma. That portion is not part of any
settlement which the [Defendant] agrees to and will have to be left to be
resolved under the general law, if applicable.

Thereafter, a draft order of court was attached which reflected the same terms
set out in the Defendant’s initial offer. In my opinion, the Defendant was,
again, making the same offer it did before (on 13 July 2009). This time,
however, the Defendant made clear that the Plaintiff’s possible claims were
_not_ part of the settlement and that any such claim was to be resolved
separately, _i.e_., “under general law”. This was also clear because the
Plaintiff’s potential claims were, at this point, a live issue. Since the
Defendant did not explicitly state that the Plaintiff was to abandon any
claims that he may have in the draft order, it must mean that any such term
was not part of the agreement.

41 Thereafter, counsel for the Plaintiff redrafted the consent order for form
but not substance: see [11], above. At this point, if not before, there was a
meeting of minds between the Plaintiff and the Defendant as to the terms of
the formal contract to be entered between them. While it had not yet been
formally recorded, there was nevertheless _consensus ad idem_ between the
parties. The formal recording of the contract finally took place on 24 July
2009 before Deputy Registrar Julian Chin in the form of the consent order.

42 The above, I believe, is the proper way to analyse the correspondence
between the parties. The consent order entered into between the parties was
therefore a contractual consent order rather than a ‘no objections’ consent
order. At all times, counsel for both parties were fully aware of, and in
agreement with, the terms of the contract. Equally, they were also aware of a
live outstanding issue – that of the Plaintiff’s claims – which was not part
of the agreement. Even so, there was sufficient consideration from the
Plaintiff, given that he had vacated the Flat, for contract formation.

43 Since the consent order entered into between the parties in the Order 81
Application was, in essence, a contract, the effect of that contract must be
determined solely by reference to the terms of the contract. The terms of the
contract were encapsulated by the consent order (see [12], above) and did not
include one to the effect that the Plaintiff was to give up his right to take
out the present action. I do not agree with the argument that the Plaintiff
had, by entering into the consent order, agreed with the Defendant’s
allegations (that the Plaintiff was an unlawful occupant of the Flat) as set
out in the Defendant’s supporting affidavit for the Order 81 Application. The
supporting affidavit did not form part of the contract between the parties.
The facts set out therein did not, therefore, bind the Plaintiff. Indeed, in
the correspondence leading up to the consent order, the Defendant had
expressly agreed that such any issue regarding the Plaintiff’s right to sue
the estate was to be “resolved under the general law”.

44 The Defendant’s counsel also pointed to two cases in support of the
Defendant’s present application which I will now address. First, counsel
argued that issue estoppel applied on the basis of Sundaresh Menon JC’s
decision in _Goh Nellie v Goh Lian Teck and others_ [2007] 1 SLR(R) 453 (“
_Goh Nellie_ ”). In that case, the plaintiff, as trustee, sought the right to
sell a particular piece of property without the fifth defendant’s permission.
Prior to this application, the fifth defendant had applied via Originating
Summons No 618 of 2005 (“OS 618/2005”) for a determination of her right to
stay in a particular piece of property. That application was disposed off by
Phang JC, as he was then, who made a substantive order to the effect that the
fifth defendant had the right to stay on the property as long as she
personally resides there. On that basis, the fifth defendant argued, _inter
alia_ , that issue estoppel applied to the plaintiff’s application before
Menon JC. On this point, Menon JC wrote (at [29]):

_In the present case, there can be no doubt that the order made in OS 618/2005
was a final determination of the right of Rosaline [the fifth Defendant] to
reside at No 61_. There was nothing that remained to be decided in relation to
this. Counsel for Nellie [the Plaintiff] submitted, however, that OS 618/2005
was a consent order and he contended that consent orders are incapable of
forming the basis upon which an issue estoppel could arise. In my judgment,
this is misconceived. _Leaving aside the question whether OS 618/2005 was a
consent order to begin with, this would not prevent it forming the basis of an
issue estoppel so long as the order was final_ : see _The Doctrine of Res
Judicata_ at para 38, citing _Kinch v Walcott_ [1929] AC 482. [Emphasis
added.]

Although the second italicised sentence in this passage seemed to support the
Defendant’s position at first glance, a proper understanding of Menon JC’s
decision revealed that this was not so.

45 The critical part of the passage was the fact that Menon JC found that
there was a “final determination” in OS 618/2005: see the first italicised
sentence of the preceding passage. There was, in other words, a final and
conclusive judgment _on the merits_. To my mind, the consent order in OS
618/2005 must therefore have been a ‘no objections’ consent order rather than
a contractual consent order, although this was not explicitly stated. This was
because in a contractual consent order, there would have been no final and
conclusive judgment _on the merits_. As explained earlier, in a contractual
consent order, the judge merely records a contract agreed between the parties.
The judge does not apply his mind to the case to ascertain, according to law,
whether the application or the prayers sought should be granted. In fact, as
the Court of Appeal in _Woo Koon Chee_ explained (see [35] to [37], above),
the contractual consent order supersedes the original cause of action
altogether. The original proceedings are then spent and exhausted. This is
different from a ‘no objections’ consent order where the judge makes a
judicial determination as to the rights between parties, albeit without
objections from one party. This view is supported by the fact that Phang JC
had came to his final determination in OS 618/2005 “[o]n a true construction
of paragraph 2(a) of the Last Will & Testament of Low Gek Huay and in the
events that have happened…” This suggests that Phang JC had applied his mind
to the merits of the application. Thus, when Menon JC suggested that it did
not matter whether the order made in OS 618/2005 was a consent order or not
(and that issue estoppel applied anyways), he actually meant that it did not
matter _whether the order was a ‘no objections’ consent order or whether the
order was made after full arguments_. This was because in either case there
would have been a judgment _on the merits_. However, it would be a very
different if the consent order made in OS 618/2005 was a _contractual_ consent
order. Had that been the case, it would be very surprising if Menon JC had
arrived at the same conclusion he did. For this reason, I was not of the view
that the case of _Goh Nellie_ supported the Defendant’s case.

46 The second case which counsel for the Defendant raised was much simplier to
deal with. In _Sim Lian (Newton) Pte Ltd v Gan Beng Cheng Raynes and Another_
[2007] SGHC 84, Assistant Registrar Paul Tan had occasion to deal with an
application pursuant to Order 81 of the ROC. In that case, AR Tan analysed the
nature of an Order 81 application and reasoned that:

31 [s]everal consequences flow from the summary nature of proceedings under O
81. First, where there is a dispute on the facts or on legal issues, O 81
would not be the appropriate procedure and the applicant should have his claim
adjudicated by the usual process, including trial if necessary…

…

33 …in summary proceedings, it is not the function of the court to resolve the
case on its merits but only to judge whether there is a dispute that ought to
be adjudicated by trial. In this regard, once the applicant has present a
_prima facie_ case, it falls on the responding party to “lead trump or risk
losing” (see, _1061590 Ontario Ltd v Ontario Jockey Club_ (1995) 21 O.R. (3d)
547 at 36).

On the basis of these passages, counsel for the Defendant argued that the
Plaintiff should have claimed trial instead of consenting to the order made in
the Order 81 Application. Having consented, he could not now reopen the issue.

47 With respect, counsel’s argument was misconceived. The responsibility of
the Plaintiff to “lead trump or risk losing” in the Order 81 Application only
applied if the Defendant had pursued his case against the Plaintiff. However,
as it turned out, the Defendant did not. Rather, the Defendant chose to enter
into a contractual consent order with the Plaintiff. At the risk of
repetition, this meant that the consent order superseded the Defendant’s cause
of action in the Order 81 Application altogether. The Order 81 Application was
then spent and exhausted: see _Woo Koon Chee_. Since the Defendant did not
pursue his case, the Plaintiff had no case to respond to. Accordingly, the
fact that the Plaintiff did not challenge the Order 81 Application then did
not mean that he could not now pursue the present action.

48 For all of the above reasons, I was of the view that the Plaintiff was not
precluded from pursuing the present action by reason of the consent order
entered into between the parties in the Order 81 Application.

Whether the Plaintiff’s claim is precluded by section 51(10) of the HDA

49 I now turn to the second issue. To reiterate, the argument made on behalf
of the Defendant was that the Plaintiff was precluded from bringing his claim
by virtue of section 51(10) of the HDA. To assess the validity of this
argument, it was necessary to understand fully the nature of a proprietary
estoppel claim.

Proprietary estoppel and constructive trust

50 When reading caselaw, it is not often easy to distinguish proprietary
estoppel from another equitable action known as constructive trust. This
confusion may, to my mind, be the result of at least four factors. First, the
term ‘constructive trust’ has been used to mean different things; Indeed, Sir
Peter Millet commented that “the use of the language of constructive trust has
become such a fertile source of confusion that it would be better if it were
abandoned”: see McKendrick, _Commercial Aspects of Trusts and Fiduciary
Obligations_ , (Oxford University Press, 1992), p. 3. Secondly, the use of the
term ‘proprietary estoppel’ is relatively modern although the pith of that
cause of action is deeply antiquated, dating from before the nineteenth
century. Even when the term ‘proprietary estoppel’ was used in the twentieth
century, it was not used consistently. This means that one cannot always be
certain that a particular decision was based on proprietary estoppel or some
other cause of action. Thirdly, the exact ambit of proprietary estoppel is not
particularly settled. On the contrary, the common law, I believe, is still in
the midst of feeling out its edges. Fourthly, facts that may suffice to make
out a proprietary estoppel are often also sufficient to make out a
constructive trust, particularly a common intention constructive trust, claim.

51 Be that as it may, it is relatively clear that while there are areas of
overlap between a proprietary estoppel claim and constructive trust claim, the
two are distinct causes of action. The exact boundaries of these causes of
action may be difficult to define but the two causes of action are
conceptually different and independent of each other. I shall attempt to
explain the difference between the two.

52 I begin with constructive trust for the law regarding constructive trust is
more settled. The term ‘constructive trust’ may be used to describe a cause of
action or an equitable remedy. As a cause of action, English law has,
generally only recognised the existence of an ‘institutional’ constructive
trust (as opposed to a ‘remedial’ constructive trust). (I note, however, the
decision of Judith Prakash J in _Koh Cheong Heng v Ho Yee Fong_ [2011] 3 SLR
125 (“ _Koh Cheong Heng_ ”) which seemed to accept a very limited form of
remedial constructive trust in Singapore.) The primary feature of an
institutional constructive trust is that it is brought into being on the
occurrence of specified, well-established events, without the need for the
intervention of the court. As a cause of action, the term ‘constructive trust’
is simply a way to categorise these disparate specified events under one
umbrella. These specified events are disparate because the facts required to
make out these events are quite distinct. That said, there is a commonality
underlying these events – in each of these events, it would be inequitable –
or some would say unconscionable – for the holder of the legal title to assert
absolute entitlement to the property.

53 Although unconscionability is a vague idea, the conditions under which a
constructive trust cause of action may be made out are relatively well
circumscribed under English law. Without attempting to be exhaustive, the
following are facts that would generally found a constructive trust claim:

i.

fraud;

ii.

the retention of property acquired as a result of a crime causing death;

iii.

a profit in beach of a fiduciary duty;

iv.

the retention of property by a vendor after the vendor had entered into a
specifically enforceable contract to sell the property;

v.

the changing of a will by the survivor of two persons who had entered into a
contract to execute wills in a common form;

vi.

the acquisition of land expressly subject to the interests of a third party;

vii.

the assertion of full entitlement to property after a common intention to
share property had been formed (also known as a ‘common intention constructive
trust’).

So far, English law has taken the view that a constructive trust claim may not
be established outside of these well-defined and accepted events.

54 Once these events are established, the court _declares_ the existence of a
constructive trust. A constructive is not imposed because the trust exists
from the time the relevant events occurred. The court merely recognises that
the beneficiary enjoys a pre-existing interest in the property. The corollary
to this principle is that the court does not have a discretion as to the
appropriate remedy to be rendered. Once the facts are found to have arisen, a
constructive trust _must_ be declared. Accordingly, a constructive trust may
be capable of gaining priority over other subsequent interests in the
property. The court’s function is, therefore, to declare proprietary interests
as they are, not to alter them.

55 A proprietary estoppel claim is a little different. As expressed in Pearce,
Stevens & Barr, _The Law of Trusts and Equitable Obligations_ , (Oxford
University Press, 2010, 5th Ed), (at p 339):

Proprietary estoppel is an entirely different equitable device from either the
constructive or resulting trust, because it does not operate by recognizing
the existence of a beneficial interest already created by the parties
themselves, as it the case with express, resulting, and constructive trusts.
Instead, it provides an equitable remedy, even though the remedy may allow a
party to acquire an interest in the property.

The moral force of a proprietary estoppel claim lies in the unconscionability
of a ‘frustrated expectation’: see Gray and Gray, _Elements of Land Law_ ,
(Oxford University Press, 5th edn, 2009) (“Elements of Land Law”) (at
[9.2.119]). In essence, the legal owner of a property must have conducted
himself (whether by way of encouragement or representation) in such a manner
that the claimant believes that he has, or will obtain, some rights in respect
of that property. The claimant must thereafter have relied on the legal
owner’s behaviour to his detriment. When such a situation arises, it would be
unconscionable for the legal owner to then assert his strict legal entitlement
to the property and equity will intervene to prevent this. The court, in
essence, has to identify circumstances in which a legal owner’s conduct can be
said to be unconscionable.

56 If the above sounds similar to a constructive trust – particularly a common
intention constructive trust - claim, it is. The moral force of a constructive
trust and a proprietary estoppel claim is, I believe, rooted in the same
source – unconscionability. What is different is the focus of the judicial
enquiry, the degree of unconsionability and the legal consequences resulting
thereto. As stated in _Elements of Land Law_ (at [9.2.119]):

In so far as any distinction exists between the doctrines of proprietary
estoppel and constructive trust, it is sometimes said that the balance of
emphasis in the constructive trust falls on the notion of frustrated bargain,
whereas the ‘equity’ of estoppel is more obviously founded upon the notion of
frustrated expectation.

As compared to a constructive trust claim, proprietary estoppel is a far more
flexible and versatile doctrine, more suited to dealing with lesser degrees of
unconscionability arising from lay persons’ varied and informal arrangements
with regards to property. When circumstances giving rise to a proprietary
estoppel claim occurs, only an inchoate estoppel equity is raised. Unlike a
constructive trust claim, no trust automatically arises as a result of such
facts occurring. The claimant is thus entitled to remedial relief in order to
satisfy the equity. At this point, the court must then decide what remedy is
appropriate in the circumstances to satisfy the expectation raised by the
estoppel. In some cases, a trust will be _imposed_ over the property. But this
is not the inevitable result. The court may select from the full range of
equitable remedies available at law including ordering injunctions or awarding
equitable damages. The court is limited only by the principle that it should
award the _minimum_ right or interest necessary to do justice between the
parties. The court’s primary function is, therefore, not to ascertain
proprietary rights as they are but to rectify the unconscionability in a
proportionate manner.

57 Despite the doctrinal differences highlighted in the preceding paragraphs,
it cannot be gainsaid that there is, in practice, a substantial area of
overlap between constructive trusts and proprietary estoppel. Often, the same
factual matrix may give rise to both a constructive trust and a proprietary
estoppel claim. However, that there is an area of overlap does not, in any
way, diminish – much less eliminate - their areas of differences and,
consequently, the fact that the two causes of action are distinct and
separate. Indeed, Lord Walker expressed doubt in _Stack v Dowden_ [2007] 2 AC
432 (at [37]) that the two areas of law “can or should be completely
assimilated” and held that:

[p]roprietary estoppel typically consists of asserting an equitable claim
against the conscience of the ‘true’ owner. The claim is a ‘mere equity’. It
is to be satisfied by the minimum award necessary to do justice…which may
sometimes lead to no more than a monetary award. A ‘common intention’
constructive trust, by contrast, is identifying the true beneficial owner or
owners, and the size of their beneficial interests.

Application of the law to the facts

58 Having so understood the law, the answer to the Defendant’s objections to
the Plaintiff’s claim presented itself. In my view, section 51(10) of the HDA
did not make the Plaintiff’s claim obviously unsustainable.

59 Section 51(10) of the HDA reads:

No person shall become entitled to any protected property (or any interest in
such property) under any resulting trust or constructive trust whensoever
created or arising.

This provision was amended to its current wording in 2010. Prior to that, the
equivalent provision, which is section 51(6) of the then-HDA, read:

No person shall become entitled to any such flat, house or other building
under any resulting trust or constructive trust, whensoever created.

The main change was, therefore, the addition of the words “or arising”.

60 Prakash J explained in _Koh Cheong Heng_ that the amendment did not change
the effect of the provision but merely reflected that a resulting trust or a
constructive may sometimes be more accurately said to have “arisen” rather
than “created”. She explained (at [56]):

Although the amended legislation includes the words “or arising” at the end of
the relevant provision, in my opinion the addition of the words “or arising”
only clarify that a “resulting trust” or a “constructive trust” may be more
properly said to arise by operation of law, rather than by the creation of
parties.

As a result, materials pertinent to understanding the previous section 51(6)
were also relevant apropos the present section 51(10).

61 To understand objectives lying behind the older provision, the Ministerial
Statement that was read at the second reading of the Bill was instructive. The
Minister stated as follows (see _Singapore Parliamentary Debates, Official
Report_ (15 August 2005) vol 80 at col 1252 (Mah Bow Tan, Minister for
National Development)):

Clause 6 of the Bill amends section 51 to make it clear that, in addition to
prohibiting the voluntary creation of trusts over an HDB flat, the Act also
prohibits any person from becoming entitled to a HDB flat under a resulting
trust or a constructive trust. _This will help to prevent a situation where a
person who is ineligible to own an HDB flat may become entitled to own one,
for example, by paying the purchase price of the flat on behalf of the owner_.
[Emphasis added.]

The intent of section 51(6) of the then-HDA was therefore to prevent
ineligible persons from owning HDB flats. This was also the understanding of
the High Court in the case of _Tan Chui Lian v Neo Liew Eng_ [2007] 1 SLR(R)
265. The restriction, in other words, operated within strict boundaries. The
conditions were that:

(i)

the purported beneficiary must be one who is ordinarily ineligible to own a
HDB flat;

(ii)

the beneficiary must be claiming an interest in the HDB flat; and

(iii)

the beneficiary must be entitled to the interest in the flat by way of a
resulting or constructive trust.

Since the effect of section 51(6) of the then-HDA was not changed by the
subsequent amendment, the present section 51(10) must be understood to operate
within the same boundaries.

62 In the present case, although criterion (i) (as listed in the preceding
paragraph) was satisfied, criteria (ii) and (iii) were not. The Plaintiff was
making a proprietary estoppel claim on the basis of certain representations
made to him by the Deceased. He was not making any of the constructive trust
claims enumerated in [53], above. As a result, no trust need necessarily be
declared by virtue of the nature of his claim, if successfully made. All that
arose out of the unconscionability of the facts would be a mere estoppel
equity, not a trust. To this end, counsel for the Defendant had confused the
doctrine of proprietary estoppel for that of constructive trust. Furthermore,
the Plaintiff did not seek for the equity to be satisfied by way of a trust.
In fact, the Plaintiff was not even seeking an interest in the Flat. Rather,
the Plaintiff was merely asking for equitable damages in order to satisfy the
equity raised. This prayer was one that was within the court’s equitable
discretion to grant. Given the particular way in which the Plaintiff’s case
had been framed, it could not be said his claim was necessarily precluded by
section 51(10) of the HDA.

63 Allow me to conclude with a personal observation. In my view, the present
case is exactly the kind of case that the proprietary estoppel doctrine is
uniquely suited to deal with. Indeed, given the recent liberalisation of the
common intention constructive trust doctrine (see _Oxley v Hiscock_ [2005] Fam
211 and _Stack v Dowden_), the time may soon come when proprietary estoppel is
used only to do the minimum required to remedy any unacceptable
unconscionability rather than allocate proprietary interests. If that happens,
one will expect it to be the exception rather than the norm for an estoppel
equity to be satisfied by the imposition of a constructive trust.

Conclusion

64 I had dealt with the Plaintiff’s case on the basis of the representations
made by his counsel that the Plaintiff claim was based only on proprietary
estoppel and that the Plaintiff was not seeking a trust to satisfy any equity
raised. For all of the above reasons, I came to the conclusion that the
Plaintiff’s case was not obviously unsustainable or wrong. I was, therefore,
not of the view that the appropriate course of action was to strike out the
Plaintiff’s case entirely. However, that the Plaintiff’s statement of claim
was inadequately defective remained so. Accordingly, I ordered that the
Plaintiff amend his statement of claim to properly reflect his proprietary
estoppel claim.

65 Both sets of counsel before me agreed that the Defendant should be awarded
costs of this application. In the circumstances, I awarded fixed costs of
S$5000, excluding disbursements, to be paid by the plaintiff.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 05 Aug 2011 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

