Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  _Re_ Joseph David QC  
[2011] SGHC 262

Case Number| :| Originating Summons No 853 of 2011  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 12 December 2011  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  V K Rajah JA  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Chou Sean Yu, Melvin Lum and Daniel Tan (Wong Partnership
LLP) for the applicant; Edmund Jerome Kronenburg and Lye Hui Xian (Braddell
Brothers LLP) for the respondent; Jeffrey Chan Wah Teck SC (Attorney General's
Chambers) for the Attorney General (first non-party); andMatthew Saw (Lee &
Lee) for the Law Society of Singapore (second non-party).  
Parties| :|  Re Joseph David QC  
  
12 December 2011|  
---|---  
  
V K Rajah JA:

1 This application was made pursuant to s 15 of the Legal Profession Act (Cap
161, 2009 Rev Ed) (the “LPA”) for Mr David Joseph QC (the “Applicant”) to be
admitted as an advocate and solicitor of Singapore for the purpose of
representing the plaintiffs in Originating Summons (“OS”) No 807 of 2010 (“OS
807”) and OS No 913 of 2010 (“OS 913”), specifically Registrar’s Appeal (“RA”)
No 278 of 2011 (“RA 278”), RA No 279 of 2011 (“RA 279”), Summons (“SUM”) No
4064 of 2011 (“SUM 4064”) and SUM No 4065 of 2011 (“SUM 4065”) and any further
proceedings in relation to these matters (including any appeals thereto). It
bears mention that this was the first application for an _ad hoc_ admission of
a Queen’s Counsel since the application in OS No 621 of 2007 filed on 23 April
2007 to admit Mr Gavin James Millar QC was dismissed.

2 The second defendant in OS 807 and OS 913, PT First Media TBK (formerly
known as “PT Broadband Multimedia TBK”), was the respondent in this
application (the “Respondent”). The Respondent vigorously objected to the _ad
hoc_ admission of the Applicant on the ground that the proceedings are not of
sufficient difficulty and complexity to warrant admission of a Queen’s
Counsel. However, it is noteworthy that both the Attorney-General and the Law
Society of Singapore (the “Law Society”) raised no objections in relation to
the Applicant’s application and agreed that the legal issues in the various
proceedings were of sufficient difficulty and complexity to warrant the
exercise of judicial discretion in favour of the Applicant’s admission (see
[58] below). After hearing all parties, I allowed the application. As such
applications have been infrequent (and scarcely acceded to) over the course of
the last two decades, I think it will assist the Bar if the reasons
underpinning my decision are made known lest it be mistakenly thought that the
criteria for assessing such applications have been suddenly and radically
remodelled without legislative intervention (see also [60] below).

Background facts

3 OS 807 and OS 913 involved eight plaintiffs and three defendants who had
participated in arbitration proceedings conducted under the auspices of the
Singapore International Arbitration Centre (“SIAC”) in SIAC Arbitration No 62
of 2008 (the “Arbitration”). Singapore was the seat of the Arbitration which
was conducted pursuant to the third edition of the SIAC Arbitration Rules, 1
July 2007 (the “SIAC Arbitration Rules”). The arbitral tribunal consisted of
two retired English Judges (Sir Simon Tuckey and Sir Gordon Langley) and Mr
Stewart Boyd QC (the “Tribunal”). The eight plaintiffs nominated Sir Gordon
Langley as their arbitrator and the three defendants nominated Mr Stewart Boyd
QC as their arbitrator with Sir Simon Tuckey being jointly appointed as the
third arbitrator by both parties. The dispute concerned a failed joint venture
relating to the supply of satellite-delivered direct-to-home pay television
services in Indonesia. It has an extended, complicated and sulphurous history
that I need not restate in any detail for the purposes of the present
application.

4 The eight plaintiffs were part of the Astro Group, a Malaysian broadcasting
and media entity, and comprised of (a) Astro Nusantara International BV; (b)
Astro Nusantara Holdings BV; (c) Astro Multimedia Corporation NV; (d) Astro
Multimedia NV; (e) Astro Overseas Limited (formerly known as AAAN (Bermuda)
Limited); (f) Astro All Asia Networks PLC; (g) Measat Broadcast Networks
Systems Sdn Bhd; and (h) All Asia Multimedia Networks FZ-LLC (collectively
referred to as the “Plaintiffs”).

5 The three defendants were (a) PT Ayunda Prima Mitra (the “first defendant”);
(b) the Respondent; and (c) PT Direct Vision (the “third defendant”)
(collectively referred to as the “Defendants”). The first defendant and the
Respondent were part of an Indonesian conglomerate called the “Lippo Group”,
while the third defendant was the purported joint venture company for the
satellite TV venture.

6 The Applicant was instructed by WongPartnership LLP, and was the lead
counsel for the Plaintiffs in the Arbitration. Mr Laurence Rabinowitz QC was
instructed by Drew & Napier LLC, and was the lead counsel for the first
defendant and the Respondent. Mr Davinder Singh SC was joint lead counsel for
the first defendant and the Respondent at the preliminary stages of the
Arbitration, but did not appear at the final merits hearing. Mr Oommen Mathew
of Eversheds LLP appeared for the third defendant.

7 At the Arbitration, the Tribunal unanimously granted five awards in favour
of the Plaintiffs, namely (collectively referred to as the “Awards”):

(a)

the 7 May 2009 award (“the Preliminary Award”);

(b)

the 3 October 2009 award;

(c)

the 5 February 2010 award;

(d)

the 16 February 2010 award; and

(e)

the 3 August 2010 award.

8 The Awards comprised of very significant sums in multiple currencies. In
summary, the Defendants were found to be jointly and severally liable for at
least the aggregate sum of USD81,865,542.54, GBP940,024.00, RM139,412,160.00
and SGD3,918,049.13. The third defendant was additionally found liable for at
least an aggregate sum of USD128,983,939.46 and RM144,889,736.00.

9 Leave to enforce the Awards as judgments of the High Court of Singapore were
subsequently sought by the Plaintiffs, pursuant to s 19 of the International
Arbitration Act (Cap 143A, 2002 Rev Ed) (the “IAA”), first in OS 807 and
subsequently in OS 913. As OS 807 did not include an application for leave to
enforce the final award, interests and costs, OS 913 was filed for leave to
enforce the same. Leave was granted by Orders of Court on 5 August 2010 (for
OS 807) and 3 September 2010 (for OS 913) (referred to henceforth collectively
as the “Enforcement Orders”).

10 The Enforcement Orders provided that in the event that service of the
Enforcement Orders was effected on the Defendants outside the jurisdiction of
Singapore, the Defendants were allowed to apply to set aside the Enforcement
Orders within 21 days after such service. The Enforcement Orders were served
on the Defendants in Indonesia, and the Plaintiffs entered judgments in terms
of the Awards on 24 March 2011 (the “24 March 2011 Judgments”) when the
Defendants did not apply to challenge the Enforcement Orders within the
stipulated timeframe of 21 days.

11 Subsequently, the Respondent filed SUM No 1911 of 2011 (“SUM 1911”) and SUM
No 1912 of 2011 (“SUM 1912”) on 3 May 2011 to set aside the 24 March 2011
Judgments on the basis that the service of the Enforcement Orders was not
valid and seeking leave to apply to set aside the Enforcement Orders within 21
days of the Plaintiffs’ service of the Enforcement Orders on the Respondent in
accordance with the applicable laws of the Republic of Indonesia governing the
service of such documents. On 22 August 2011, an Assistant Registrar (“AR”)
hearing SUM 1911 and SUM 1912 decided that service of the Enforcement Orders
was _not_ valid. However, he also concurrently declared that the Respondent
was deemed to have been served with the Enforcement Orders on 22 Aug 2011 and
granted the Respondent leave to set aside the Enforcement Orders by 12
September 2011 (_ie_ , within 21 days from his order).

12 On 5 September 2011, the Plaintiffs filed RA 278 and RA 279, appealing
against the AR’s orders in SUM 1911 and SUM 1912 respectively. On 12 September
2011, the Respondent, in compliance with the AR’s order, filed SUM 4064 and
SUM 4065 to set aside the Enforcement Orders.

13 RA 278, RA 279, SUM 4064 and SUM 4065 have been fixed for hearing together
before the same High Court Judge, on account of various common issues of law.
As regards to the urgency of the hearing of these issues, the Counsel for the
Applicant informed me that there was a worldwide Mareva injunction currently
in place and ongoing proceedings in foreign jurisdictions, _viz_ , (a) a
garnishee application in Hong Kong by the Plaintiffs on an alleged creditor of
the Respondent and (b) applications in Indonesia by the Plaintiffs for the
Indonesian Supreme Court to recognise the other arbitral awards, although the
Indonesian Supreme Court has refused to recognise the Preliminary Award (see
[38] below).

The law on _ad hoc_ admission of English Queen’s Counsel

14 Section 15(1) of the LPA is identical to the section governing _ad hoc_
admissions of Queen’s Counsel in the earlier editions of the LPA (_ie_ , s
21(1) of the Legal Profession Act (Cap 161, 1997 Rev Ed) and s 21(1) of the
Legal Profession Act (Cap 161, 2001 Rev Ed)). Section 15(1) of the LPA
provides as follows:

15.—(1) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Act, the court may,
for the purpose of any one case where the court is satisfied that it is of
_sufficient difficulty and complexity_ and having regard to _the circumstances
of the case_ , admit to practise as an advocate and solicitor any person who —

(_a_) holds Her Majesty’s Patent as Queen’s Counsel;

(_b_) does not ordinarily reside in Singapore or Malaysia, but has come or
intends to come to Singapore for the purpose of appearing in the case; and

(_c_) has _special qualifications or experience_ for the purpose of the case.

[emphasis added]

15 In determining an application under s 15(1) of the LPA, the courts have
usually applied a three-stage test (see, _eg_ , _Re Caplan Jonathan Michael
QC_ [1997] 3 SLR(R) 412 (“ _Caplan QC_ ”) at [12]; _Re Platts-Mills Mark
Fortescue QC_ [2006] 1 SLR(R) 510 (“ _Fortescue QC_ ”) at [6]):

(a) first, whether the case contained issues of fact or law of sufficient
difficulty and complexity to justify the admission of a Queen’s Counsel (the
“first stage”);

(b) second, whether the circumstances of the case warranted the court’s
exercise of discretion in favour of the applicant (the “second stage”); and

(c) third, whether the applicant was a suitable candidate for admission (the
“third stage”).

16 With regard to the first stage, the Court of Appeal noted in _Godfrey
Gerald QC v UBS AG and others_ [2003] 2 SLR(R) 306 (“ _Godfrey Gerald_ ”) that
the test of “sufficient difficulty and complexity” was _conjunctive_ and not
disjunctive, _viz_ , the issues had to be of sufficient difficulty _and_
complexity. Such difficulty and complexity is (see _Price Arthur Leolin v
Attorney-General and others_ [1992] 3 SLR(R) 113 (“ _Price QC_ ”) at [6]):

not limited to questions of law – it is foreseeable that [assistance of
Queen’s Counsel] will be valuable in cases dealing with complex facts, so as
to determine what the actual legal problems are before turning to address
those specific problems.

17 It has also been stressed that the absence of direct local precedents is
insufficient, in and of itself, to warrant the admission of a Queen’s Counsel
because decisions from other Commonwealth jurisdictions may be referred to
(_Godfrey Gerald_ at [21]).

18 At the second stage, the court is balancing two competing interests, _viz_
(a) the long-term need to foster a strong and independent local Bar; against
(b) the individual justice of each case which might demand the assistance of a
Queen’s Counsel (_Re Flint Charles John Raffles QC_ [2001] 1 SLR(R) 433 (“
_Raffles QC_ ”) at [8]). This is consonant with the original purpose of the
1991 amendments to the LPA “to lay the foundation for the development of a
strong local Bar by the imposition of more stringent conditions for the
admission of Queen’s Counsel to appear in our courts” (see _Re Oliver David
Keightley Rideal QC_ [1992] 1 SLR(R) 961 at [8]; cited in _Fortescue QC_ at
[14]).

19 At this point, it should be emphasised that the first and second stages of
the test are neither clearly demarcated nor ordered lexically. As observed by
the Court of Appeal in _Fortescue QC_ (at [15]):

The _difficulty and complexity of a case is not in and of itself decisive_ of
the question whether a Queen’s Counsel should be admitted. It has to be
_weighed against the availability and calibre of local counsel_. … Where there
is a dearth of local expertise in any area, e _ven a moderately difficult or
complex case may warrant the admission of a Queen’s Counsel_. [emphasis added]

20 The thresholds prescribed by the first and second stages are dependent, in
part, upon the competence and maturity of the local Bar. Taking into
consideration advancements in legal education, the ever greater exposure of
Singapore advocates to increasingly complex areas of law at the frontiers of
legal evolution as well as the commendable elevation of standards within the
Bar, it has become increasingly difficult to satisfy the Court that the legal
issues and/or facts are of sufficient difficulty and complexity to require
elucidation and/or argument by a Queen’s Counsel (_Fortescue QC_ at [15]).
Indeed, with the effluxion of time, it appears that local Senior Counsel or
experienced lawyers with particular expertise in the respective areas of law
will be able to handle competently most legal issues that arise before
Singapore courts. As acknowledged by the Court of Appeal in _Fortescue QC_ (at
[18]), “the standard of the local Bar has increased over the years”. The High
Court’s observations in _Raffles QC_ at [9] (affirmed by the Court of Appeal
in _Fortescue_ at [18]) are also apposite:

After nearly a decade of the working out of s 21(1) of [the Legal Profession
Act (Cap 161, 2001 Rev Ed)], it is in my view fair to say that the local Bar
has matured and is acquitting itself commendably. There has been forged and
carefully nurtured, particularly over the last ten years, a body of Senior
Counsel, potential senior counsel and an impressive group of young advocates
and solicitors, both in the public service and in the private sector, with
excellent academic credentials and a right attitude.

21 With regard to the third stage, in determining whether the applicant is a
suitable candidate for admission, it should be noted that in _Re Littlemore
Stuart QC_ [2002] 1 SLR(R) 198 (“ _Littlemore QC_ ”), the court observed that
admission was a privilege which required that the applicant display two
essential qualities. First, his conduct must satisfy that “he will be
responsible, honourable, courteous and respectful of our Judiciary” (_ibid_ at
[5]). Second, he must be at “the forefront of his area of specialisation so
that he can adequately assist our courts in our deliberations and the
administration of justice” (_ibid_ at [6]).

22 I pause to make an observation about the authorities cited above. It
appears that this three-stage approach is not expressly mandated by s 15(1) of
the LPA. Having considered the three-stage test in greater detail, I am of the
view that the test may be more coherently conceived of as comprising two,
_contra_ three, stages. This is because the _second stage_ (which purports to
deal with whether the circumstances of the case warranted the court’s exercise
of discretion in favour of the applicant) is intrinsically intertwined with
the _third stage_ (which deals with whether the applicant was a suitable
candidate for admission) – it appears, to me, that the applicant’s suitability
is, in the final analysis, simply _one of the circumstances_ to be considered
in determining whether the circumstances of the case warranted the court’s
exercise of discretion to admit the applicant. Indeed, I observe that the
second stage is phrased sufficiently broadly to _subsume_ the third stage.
After all, both stages are intended to address the court’s mind to the
question of _whether, in all the circumstances of the case, the court should
exercise its discretion to admit the applicant_.

23 While it may appear that conceiving of the test as comprising of two rather
than three stages is an exercise in semantic hair-splitting, I am of the view
that there are _practical benefits_ to adopting a two-stage conceptualisation.
For instance, approaching the test in two stages avoids the possible
misconception that the court’s exercise of discretion (in the second stage) is
_independent_ of the applicant’s suitability (in the third stage). It would
also allow an applicant’s _special_ expertise to be taken into consideration
as part of a holistic inquiry into whether this is a case in which the court
should exercise its discretion to admit the applicant in the context of
available local representation.

24 That said, whether the test is approached in two or three stages is
immaterial for the present application as it was common ground amongst all the
parties, including the Respondent, that the third stage was fulfilled (see
[55] and [56] below).

25 I turn now to analyse whether the Applicant should be admitted for the
purposes of representing the Plaintiffs in the relevant legal proceedings.

Application to the present case

Whether the issues are of sufficient difficult and complexity

26 In my opinion, the legal issues in RA 278 and RA 279, if considered in
isolation, would not be of sufficient difficult and complexity to merit the
exercise of discretion in favour of the Applicant. RA 278 and RA 279 are
premised on two relatively clear-cut issues, _viz_ , (a) whether service was
in fact effected in Indonesia and (b) if so, whether service was legally valid
in accordance with Indonesian law. The real merits of this application thus
really lay in the significance of the legal issues arising in SUM 4064 and SUM
4065, which related to the setting aside of the Enforcement Orders.

27 With regard to SUM 4064 and SUM 4065, it appears that there are indeed
three sufficiently complex and difficult issues of fact and law, which may be
summarised as follows:

(a) whether the Defendants are entitled to resist enforcement of the Awards in
the country in which the Awards were made when they did not, within the
statutorily prescribed period, take any steps to set aside the same (“Issue
1”);

(b) whether the Defendants have a right to revive a challenge based on the
alleged lack of an arbitration agreement and a misjoinder of the sixth to
eighth plaintiffs to the Arbitration well after the Award has been made
(“Issue 2”); and

(c) whether the enforcement of an award in Singapore can be affected by a
ruling made in another country over the enforcement of the same award (“Issue
3”).

28 I will elaborate on each issue in turn. In my view, each of the three
issues was of sufficient complexity and difficulty to pass the threshold of
the first stage.

Issue 1

29 The first issue was whether a party is entitled to resist enforcement of
the awards in the country in which the awards were made (in the present case,
Singapore) when it did not take any steps to set aside the same within the
statutorily prescribed period. An application for setting aside the arbitral
awards may not be made after three months have elapsed from the date on which
the party making that application had received the award (see Art 34(3) of the
United Nations Commission on International Trade Law Model Law on
International Commercial Arbitration in the First Schedule to the IAA). On the
facts, there is no dispute that the Respondent was out of time as far as any
application to set aside the Awards was concerned.

30 However, the Respondent has taken the position that even though it did not
apply to set aside the Awards in Singapore, it is still entitled to resist
their enforcement in Singapore. In support of its position, the Respondent
relies, _inter alia_ , on the very recent English Supreme Court decision in
_Dallah Real Estate and Tourism Holding Co v Ministry of Religious Affairs of
the Government of Pakistan_ [2011] AC 763 (“ _Dallah_ ”) to suggest that even
while it chose not to take any step to challenge the Preliminary Award, it
nevertheless has an inalienable right in the enforcement court to resist
enforcement on the same basis that it could have challenged the Preliminary
Award.

31 By way of background, in _Dallah_ , an International Chamber of Commerce
Tribunal sitting in Paris (the “Paris Tribunal”) determined that it had
jurisdiction over the Government of Pakistan although the Government of
Pakistan was not a signatory to the relevant arbitration agreement. The
English Supreme Court refused to enforce the Paris Tribunal’s award against
assets of the Government of Pakistan held in England on the grounds that in
applying French Law, the Paris Tribunal was wrong to find that the Government
of Pakistan was a party to the relevant arbitration agreement. Although the
Paris Tribunal had earlier decided on the existence of its own jurisdiction,
the English Supreme Court was of the view that the Paris Tribunal’s findings
of fact and view of the law in determining its jurisdiction did not bind the
courts at the place of enforcement. _Dallah_ has, it bears mention, been the
subject of intense debate amongst academics as well as international
arbitration practitioners regarding its effect on the principle of _Kompetenz-
Kompetenz_ (_ie_ , the principle whereby an arbitral tribunal is entitled to
rule on its own jurisdiction) and the enforceability of arbitration awards.

32 The Singapore courts have not yet fully considered the application of
_Dallah_ , which, being a decision of the UK Supreme Court, merits careful
consideration. Further, an important distinction that may have legal
significance is that the present case is, from the perspective of enforcement,
different from the matrix that informed the decision in _Dallah_ : here,
_both_ the supervisory and enforcement courts are the very same court in
Singapore. This raises thorny questions as to whether the ultimate holding in
_Dallah_ should apply in a situation where the seat of arbitration and place
of enforcement are the same – a question that remains unaddressed by courts in
other jurisdictions. The application of _Dallah_ in the resolution of this
legal conundrum could have important implications for the arbitral and
commercial communities here and perhaps elsewhere.

33 Counsel for the Applicant readily agreed that it is _possible_ for local
counsel to make arguments on these complex and difficult issues of law, but
emphasised that it would _greatly assist_ the court to have a Queen’s Counsel
who is an acknowledged authority in international arbitration to appear in the
Singapore courts and elucidate on the implications of the decision in _Dallah_
and the consequences if it were followed (or not followed, or followed in part
as the case may be).[note: 1]

Issue 2

34 The second issue was that of whether a party has a right to revive its
challenge based on the alleged lack of an arbitration agreement. The
Respondent argues in its challenge in SUM 4064 and SUM 4065 that the
Enforcement Orders should be set aside because it was never a party to any
arbitration agreement with the sixth to eighth plaintiffs and therefore the
Tribunal lacked the jurisdiction _ab initio_ to have joined the sixth to
eighth plaintiffs to the Arbitration.

35 In alleging that it never had an arbitration agreement with the sixth to
eighth plaintiffs within the meaning of the IAA, the Respondent’s contention
was simply based on a reference to the arbitration clause in the underlying
contract to which the sixth to eighth plaintiffs were not signatories. It must
be noted that the Tribunal had addressed this very issue in the Preliminary
Award by recognising the existence of a “separate agreement arising when an
existing dispute becomes the subject of a reference to arbitration”.[note: 2]
In doing so, the Tribunal noted the distinction between an “agreement to refer
future disputes to arbitration, and the separate agreement arising when an
existing dispute becomes the subject of a reference to arbitration”.[note: 3]
The Tribunal found in the Preliminary Award that the SIAC Arbitration Rules
governed the latter agreement. This distinction is known as the principle of
“double-severability”, and was explained in _Syska v Vivendi Universal SA &
Ors_ [2008] 2 Lloyd’s Rep 636 (“ _Syska_ ”). In _Syska_ , Christopher Clarke J
noted (at [93]) that the principle of double-severability “is foreign to most
systems of law. But it serves as an example of how the reference can have a
life of its own …”. Thus far, there has been no pronouncement in Singapore on
the appropriateness of such a principle and this is likely to be an issue
considered in SUM 4064 and SUM 4065.

36 In resisting the application for the joinder of the sixth to eighth
plaintiffs on the basis that they were non-signatories to the arbitration
agreement, the Respondent had previously raised before the Tribunal arguments
based on “[the] twin doctrines of party consent and confidentiality” which
“lie at the foundation of the arbitration process”.[note: 4] The Respondent
asserted that it did not in fact consent to the said joinder, and that the
Tribunal therefore lacked the power to allow the same. It is noted that the
Tribunal’s decision on the “consent” required for the joinder was made under r
24.1(_b_) of the SIAC Arbitration Rules, which states that the Tribunal shall
have the power to “allow other parties to be joined in the arbitration with
their express consent, and make a single final award determining all disputes
among the parties to the arbitration”. Counsel for the Applicant highlighted
that r 24.1(_b_) has since been amended in the fourth edition of the SIAC
Arbitration Rules, 1 July 2010, to:

upon the application of a party, allow one or more third parties to be joined
in the arbitration, provided that such person is a party to the arbitration
agreement, with the written consent of such third party, and thereafter make a
single final award or separate awards in respect of all parties …

The issue is further complicated by the Plaintiffs’ assertion that the
Respondent, by its signing of the Memorandum of Issues (which contains terms
confirming, acknowledging and agreeing to the Tribunal’s previous finding on
jurisdiction) on 31 July 2009 after the publication of the Preliminary Award,
has confirmed the independent and separate existence of an agreement to
arbitrate.

37 The complexity associated with the joinder of parties to an arbitration
lies in determining whether the joinder mechanism can be reconciled with the
fundamental arbitration concepts of party consent, autonomy and
confidentiality. As recognised by the Tribunal,

[the] questions of consolidation of arbitral proceedings and of joinder of
third parties have been very much debated in the last ten or fifteen years,
and that the doctrines of party consent and confidentiality have been at the
heart of the debate.[note: 5]

Issue 2 had been and remains a hotly-contested matter, and both counsel for
the Applicant and counsel for the Respondent have agreed that there were no
judicial authorities directly on point.

Issue 3

38 The third issue was whether the enforcement of an award in Singapore is
affected by a ruling made in another country over the enforcement of the same
award (_ie_ , whether the Awards should be enforced in Singapore given that
the Indonesian Supreme Court has refused to grant an _exequatur_). The
Respondent’s position is that the decision of the Indonesian Supreme Court to
decline to grant _exequatur_ has no bearing on the enforcement of the Awards
in Singapore.

39 I agreed with the Applicant that these competing assertions need to be
examined by reference to the principles relating to the enforcement of
international arbitration awards generally, and then specifically in the
situation where a court of another jurisdiction has determined that the award
in question is unenforceable in that jurisdiction. In the present case, the
fact that the courts in Indonesia decided not to grant _exequatur_ despite
Indonesia being a party to the New York Convention may increase the complexity
of the issue of law.

40 It also appeared to me that the _facts_ involved in this issue are indeed
intricately laced. Issues pertaining to the enforcement of the Preliminary
Award in Indonesia featured in the course of the Arbitration, and the
Applicant – who had overall carriage of the matters in relation to the
Indonesian legal proceedings – was able to and did present arguments to the
Tribunal on the interplay between the Arbitration and the Indonesian legal
proceedings. The fact that Indonesia is a civil law jurisdiction further
shaded the complexity of the facts that had to be managed and elucidated upon
by the Applicant.

Conclusion on whether there was sufficient difficulty and complexity

41 In the final analysis, there can be no gainsaying that the legal and
factual issues raised in SUM 4064 and SUM 4065 were indeed sufficiently
complex and difficult to satisfy the statutory threshold. That there was
little in terms of judicial guidance anywhere on the precise points raised
added no small measure of powerful cogency to this application.

42 In coming to this finding, I was aware that the requirement of sufficient
difficulty and complexity had in recent years been notoriously difficult to
satisfy. The complexity and difficulty of legal issues must be comparable to
those raised in _Re Sher Jules QC_ [2002] 2 SLR(R) 377 (“ _Sher Jules QC_ ”)
at [16], where the legal issues spanning the law of restitution and
constitutional law were not just novel and not yet previously tried in any
jurisdiction in the world, but were undoubtedly considered at that point in
the legal development of the common law to be “seminal issues”. Indeed, as
Prof Tan Yock Lin incisively observed in the Singapore Academy of Law, _Annual
Review of Singapore Cases (3, 2002)_ at para 18.7, the result of _Sher Jules
QC_ showed that:

_Where the developing law discloses a diversity of approaches and arguments,
indicating that several choices are viable, each choice reflecting a
particular trade-off between justice and certainty_ , and where the context of
its intended application is delicate, involving as it does relationships
between a regulator, a commercial operator and potentially the tax
authorities, this is also where justice might better be done through a
comparative understanding of the issues such as _a suitably qualified QC might
bring to the case_. [emphasis added]

43 The issues relating to arbitration law in the present application are
undeniably of no small significance to the development of the international
arbitration law jurisprudence in Singapore. The determination of these issues
would involve the consideration of difficult aspects of arbitration law, and
would undoubtedly require careful and detailed argument and, thereafter,
considered judicial determination.

Whether the circumstances of the case warranted the court’s exercise of
discretion in favour of the Applicant

44 With regard to the court’s exercise of its discretion in determining if the
Applicant should be admitted, counsel for the Respondent strenuously argued
that the Applicant should not be admitted because the issues raised in the
case can be competently handled by Singapore counsel willing and available to
act on behalf of the Plaintiffs.[note: 6] Counsel for the Applicant pointed
out that the High Court had previously decided that the availability and
ability of local counsel is but just one of the factors to be considered, and
is not _per se_ an absolute bar to admission of a Queen’s Counsel (see _Caplan
QC_ at [17]; _Re Beloff Michael Jacob QC_ [2000] 1 SLR(R) 943 (“ _Beloff QC_
”) at [13]). The Respondent, in response, relied on dicta in the Court of
Appeal’s decision in _Fortescue QC_ to support its proposition that (see
_Fortescue QC_ at [15]):

a Queen’s Counsel ought not to be admitted no matter how difficult and complex
a case is _unless no local counsel is able and willing to take the case. …_

…

It is our opinion that it will only be in the _most exceptional circumstances_
that a case is so difficult and complex that no local counsel in Singapore is
able and willing to take the case.

[emphasis added]

45 I acknowledged that both _Caplan QC_ and _Beloff QC_ were decisions of the
High Court (_per_ Yong Pung How CJ). Accordingly, _Fortescue QC_ – which was a
_subsequent_ decision of the Court of Appeal (presided over by Yong CJ) –
should take precedence.

46 Nonetheless, I was of the opinion that the stance taken by the Court of
Appeal in _Fortescue QC_ at [15] had to be construed contextually. There are
at least four reasons which suggest that the Court of Appeal probably did not
intend to lay down an iron rule of law dictating that the admission of Queen’s
Counsel would only be permissible where _absolutely no_ local counsel was able
and willing to take up the case.

47 First, it seems odd that if the Court of Appeal intended to depart from an
earlier stance consistently taken by the High Court, no reference was made to
this and a change in practice was mutely introduced by way of a sidewind. I
would further note that the Court of Appeal had previously stated (in _Price
QC_ at [8]):

Queen’s Counsel _will not be admitted for the routine and the ordinary cases_
which require _no special experience or knowledge_ and which can be
_competently handled by Singapore lawyers_. The salutary effect of s 21(1)
therefore is that litigants are _assured of the specialised services of
Queen's Counsel in cases of genuine complexity and difficulty_ , while the
opportunities for specialisation among Singapore lawyers are gradually
developed. [emphasis added]

This observation, while making reference to the expertise of the local Bar,
falls short of the rather more strongly phrased statement in _Fortescue QC_ at
[15].

48 Second, the Court of Appeal’s observation in [15] must be read against the
factual backdrop of the facts in _Fortescue QC._ The Court of Appeal felt that
the intellectual property issues that arose in that case were not of
sufficient difficulty and complexity, and that local counsel was “well able”
to address those issues (_Fortescue QC_ at [20]). In forming such an opinion,
the Court of Appeal considered that of the two allegedly complex issues that
arose, the first had previously been decided by the UK courts and a whole body
of case law existed in that area (_ibid_ at [16]), whereas the second – albeit
not adjudicated upon anywhere in the world – had already been competently
dealt with by local counsel at the trial below without assistance of foreign
counsel (_ibid_ at [17]).

49 Third, it should be noted that the Law Society objected to the admission of
the applicant in _Fortescue QC_. In the Law Society’s view, other than the
fact that the issues lacked a sufficient degree of difficulty and complexity,
the central issue on appeal was one which was more appropriately dealt with by
technical experts and/or patent attorneys rather than _via_ submissions by
Queen’s Counsel.[note: 7] Although these views were not expressly mentioned by
the Court of Appeal in its written judgment, the fact that the Law Society
objected to the admission was in all probability a not insignificant factor
taken into consideration by the Court of Appeal. This is so especially
because, as mentioned in [18] above, the development of the local Bar (the
interests of which is represented by the Law Society) is an important factor
in the balance sought at the second stage of the test.

50 Fourth, and perhaps most importantly, in interpreting the decision in
_Fortescue QC_ , consideration must be given to the context in which the
relevant legislative framework was enacted. The intention of Parliament in
enacting stringent Queen’s Counsel admissibility provisions in the LPA was to
prevent abuse by parties seeking to admit Queen’s Counsel for uncomplicated
cases as well as to give the Bar time to acquire specialised expertise in
advocacy. The intention was _not_ to exclude the services of Queen’s Counsel
altogether, or to restrict the admission of Queen’s Counsel to the _most
complex of cases_ where there is a _total absence_ of local counsel willing
and able to handle the case at hand. This is manifestly evident from a careful
perusal of Hansard which, for clarity, I discuss at length in the following
sub-paragraphs:

(a) Prior to the amendments to the LPA in 1991, s 21(1) of the LPA provided
that Queen’s Counsel could be admitted on an _ad hoc_ basis where the
applicant had “special qualifications or experience for the purpose of the
case”. There was no explicit requirement that the case had to be of
“sufficient difficulty and complexity”. In the absence of such an explicit
requirement, the Minister for Law noted that “the system of admission of QCs
has gone in a direction which might have not been intended by the legislature
and that they are being admitted for the _simple, routine and ordinary cases_
” [emphasis added] (_Singapore Parliamentary Debates, Official Report_ (20
March 1990) vol 55 at col 535 (Prof S Jayakumar, Minister for Law)). The
discussion in _Singapore Parliamentary Debates, Official Report_ (20 March
1990) vol 55 at cols 535–536 (Prof S Jayakumar, Minister for Law) appositely
highlights this point:

The specific provision in the Legal Profession Act says that QCs can be
admitted on an ad hoc basis where “he has special qualifications or experience
for the purpose of the case”. So the legislative policy is very clear. They
are obviously to be admitted for cases of complexity or difficulty where the
needed skills or experience or the specialist knowledge is not readily
available here. To put it in a different way, _Parliament never envisaged or
contemplated that they should be admitted for_ _the_ _routine or_ _the_
_ordinary or_ _the_ _simple case which can easily be handled by Singapore
lawyers_. It is for this reason, I believe that the scheme for the provisions
of QCs also allows for the Law Society, in addition to the Attorney-General,
to specifically put their views on each application of a QC to the court. So
if they have objections, they can and should register the objections with the
court, because then the court taking note of all views expressed before it can
make a decision.

I too have had feedback from lawyers expressing the same concern of the three
colleagues that _the_ _system of admission of QCs has gone in a direction
which might have not been intended by_ _the_ _legislature and that_ _they are
being admitted for_ _the_ _simple, routine and ordinary cases_. Such a trend
not only was never contemplated or envisaged by Parliament, but I agree with
the Members that one unhealthy consequence of this would be that it will
stultify the growth of a specialist bar in Singapore. It will impede the
growth of a core of good litigation lawyers in Singapore.

[emphasis added]

(b) The Minister for Law also recognised that the continued admission of
Queen’s Counsel was necessary in the public interest and national interest,
especially given that Singapore was (and is) endeavouring to be a leading
financial and commercial centre. See _Singapore Parliamentary Debates,
Official Report_ (20 March 1990) vol 55 at cols 534–535 (Prof S Jayakumar,
Minister for Law):

It is worthwhile recalling that QCs are allowed to come in because we the
Government and Parliament specifically have so provided for in the Legal
Profession Act. The reason why we allow QCs to come in is really public
interest and national interest, ie, _it is a recognition of_ _the_ _fact that_
_there are cases or_ _there can be cases of such complexity or difficulty
that_** _there may not be the local expertise here or there may not be enough
of the local expertise here to provide that kind of skills to handle cases of
such complexity and difficulty_** _._

If that is the reason why QCs were allowed in and why the Legal Profession Act
provided for it, I would say that reason continues to exist. With Singapore
trying to be a leading financial and commercial centre, we will have this need
for expertise to handle difficult and complex cases.

[emphasis added in italics and bold italics]

(c) It is also relevant that the Minister for Law had noted, in his
Parliamentary speech, the Malaysian provision for _ad hoc_ admission of
Queen’s Counsel. The Malaysian provision expressly provided that a Queen’s
Counsel could only be admitted if the applicant had “special qualifications or
experience of a nature _not available amongst advocates and solicitors in
Malaysia_ ” [emphasis added] (_Singapore Parliamentary Debates, Official
Report_ (20 March 1990) vol 55 at col 536 (Prof S Jayakumar, Minister for
Law)). Had Parliament intended to limit the admission of Queen’s Counsel to
cases that _absolutely no local counsel_ could handle, it stands to reason
that the relevant admission provision would be phrased in a manner more akin
to the Malaysian provision than the present s 15 of the LPA.

(d) It follows from points made above that the requirement of “sufficient
difficulty and complexity” was included to prevent the admission of Queen’s
Counsel for _simple, routine and ordinary cases_ , rather than to limit
admission to cases that _absolutely no local counsel_ could handle.
Furthermore, in introducing the requirement of “sufficient difficulty and
complexity” into the then s 21 of the Legal Profession Act, the Minister for
Law emphasised at the Second Reading of the Legal Profession (Amendment) Bill
in 1991 that one of the Government’s policies behind the wording of the then s
21 of the Legal Profession Act was to allow Queen’s Counsel to be admitted for
cases involving important sectors of Singapore’s economy (_Singapore
Parliamentary Debates, Official Report_ (14 January 1991) vol 56 at cols 798
and 805 (Prof S Jayakumar, Minister for Law)):

We have taken some time to craft this amendment because Government considers
_QCs to perform a useful role in our efforts to be the leading commercial and
financial sector_. A study done for me by two members of the academic staff of
the Faculty of Law of the National University of Singapore on admission of QCs
for the period 1985 to 1989 showed that commercial law cases formed the
majority, some 60%, of cases where QCs were admitted. _It is desirable that
they continue to perform this role_. Therefore, any amendment which we craft
to ensure that there is _no abuse_ and that _QCs are not admitted for the very
simple, routine or uncomplicated cases, must not shut the door to admission of
QCs in those areas where solicitors are especially needed, particularly in
banking and commercial law sectors_.

Obviously, it will take some time to develop a significant pool of local
litigation lawyers who can service the requirements of Singapore as an
international financial and commercial centre. When we will achieve that is
difficult to predict. In the meantime, however, _we should not deprive our
financial and commercial centre of the assistance of QCs_. _The proposed
amendment will allow the Courts to continue to liberally admit QCs for the
important and complex commercial and banking cases_.

…

Let us not forget that very few countries in the world have a policy of
allowing QCs whereby lawyers outside the legal system could come in and
practise. We are one of the very few countries and we do it because _we
consider it is useful in our national interest, particularly in our efforts to
develop Singapore as a banking and financial centre_. But they must be
admitted not for any routine simple case, because we have our own legal
profession.

[emphasis added]

(e) I acknowledge that in a Parliamentary speech in 1996, the Minister for Law
espoused the view that Queen’s Counsel should only be admitted where, _inter
alia_ , local counsel is unable or unavailable to provide the necessary
knowledge or experience. However, the Minister’s views must be read in the
context of the rest of his speech. Indeed, the Minister immediately went on to
emphasise the intention to favour the admission of Queen’s Counsel in banking
and commercial cases (_Singapore Parliamentary Debates, Official Report_ (10
October 1996) vol 66 at col 633 (Prof S Jayakumar, Minister for Law)):

Sir, the provision relating to the admission of Queen's Counsels was last
amended in 1991 to add an additional condition for allowing them to appear in
our courts. That condition is that the court must be satisfied that the case
is of “sufficient difficulty and complexity” to warrant a QC to be admitted.
At that time in this House I had made it clear that the Government's policy
was that _QCs should only be admitted for complex and difficult cases where
the necessary knowledge or experience was not available from or could not be
provided by local counsel_. I also stressed then that the intention was to
_favour the admission of QCs particularly in banking and commercial cases_.
[emphasis added]

51 In view of the clear Parliamentary intention, I did not think that the
Court of Appeal in _Fortescue QC_ can or should be interpreted literally to
have laid down a stringent rule of law denying the admission of Queen’s
Counsel except where “no local counsel was able and willing to take the case”
(_Fortescue_ at [15]). In any case, the statement just quoted is strictly
speaking _obiter dicta_. Finally, _I am also minded to observe that such a
requirement would be rather impractical as it would require the party seeking
the admission of Queen’s Counsel to have been declined representation by each
and every single Senior Counsel in Singapore (regardless of his or her
expertise) before leave for admission might be allowed._ I do not think that
it can be inferred from the history of the relevant statutory scheme that such
an onerous entry barrier had ever been contemplated by Parliament.

52 In the light of the above, I did not accept the following arguments from
the Respondent contending that this court should not exercise its discretion
to admit the Applicant:

(a) _First, the Respondent claimed that WongPartnership LLP is sufficiently
familiar with the Arbitration to conduct the hearing without the Applicant._
However, while WongPartnership LLP was involved in the Arbitration, it should
be highlighted that the Applicant was the overall lead counsel taking charge
of all aspects of the matter. He conducted all oral arguments on behalf of the
Plaintiffs in the Arbitration, cross-examined the witnesses in the
Arbitration, prepared the written submission and reviewed the voluminous
evidence. Although the Respondent rightly pointed out that the lawyers from
WongPartnership LLP were present at the Arbitration hearings, it is undeniable
that the Applicant would be much better placed to address the court in the
legal issues that arise here in light of his familiarity with the complex
issues involved, his legal expertise in the field of international arbitration
as well as his advocacy skills and his not inconsequential ability to
elucidate on the current(and perhaps desirable) legal position on these
issues.

(b) _Second, the Respondent suggested that the Plaintiffs could obtain the
services of Senior Counsel (including, but not limited to, the four Senior
Counsel in WongPartnership LLP)_. However, as I have pointed out earlier, I do
not think that there is an iron rule of law that the availability and ability
of local counsel is _per se_ an absolute bar to admission of a Queen’s
Counsel. Indeed, I noted that courts have even gone on to state that there is
no general rule that prohibits a litigant from engaging _both_ a Queen’s
Counsel and a local Senior Counsel to argue his case if the circumstances of
the case justify such admission (_Beloff QC_ at [13]). It should be noted that
in _Beloff QC_ , a Queen’s Counsel was admitted even though the party was
already represented by a local Senior Counsel.

53 Returning to the facts of the present case, I had earlier mentioned (at
[41]) that the legal and factual issues were sufficiently difficult and
complex to satisfy the statutory litmus test. In assessing whether this court
should exercise its discretion to allow the Applicant’s application for
admission, I was of the view that there are a number of factors that clearly
favour the admission of the Applicant.

54 First, and quite notably, this appears to be the first instance where the
lead counsel in prior arbitration proceedings is applying for _ad hoc_
admission to appear in a Singapore court on matters immediately arising from
the very same arbitration proceedings. Although _Price QC_ dealt with an
application to admit Mr Arthur Leolin Price QC to represent the appellant in
an application for leave to appeal from an interim award made in an
arbitration proceeding, Mr Price QC was not the lead counsel in the prior
arbitration proceedings. _Price QC_ at [10] also involved a premature
application and the Court of Appeal felt that the application should have only
been made _after_ the application for leave to appeal from the arbitration
award had been decided in favour of granting leave. Furthermore, the
application was only for admission to argue leave to appeal and not the actual
appeal proceedings itself, thus the legal issues in _Price QC_ were plainly
not of a “sufficient difficulty or complexity”. In contrast, the proceedings
in RA 278, RA 279, SUM 4064 and SUM 4065 concern the sequel to arbitration
proceedings, that has singular significance for the parties – that is to say,
the recovery of the fruits of the Awards. I was of the view that this area of
international arbitration is indeed a complex area of law which justified the
admission of Queen’s Counsel in this case. _It is undisputed that the
Applicant was the Plaintiffs’ lead counsel throughout the lengthy and complex
Arbitration and has intimate knowledge of what has transpired. It is
significant that the legal issues to be canvassed in the High Court are
inextricably linked to the arbitration proceedings where he had made extensive
and substantive submissions on issues which will inevitably arise again in RA
278, RA 279, SUM 4064 and SUM 4065._ Counsel for the Applicant quite rightly
pointed out that Issue 2 had already been fully canvassed before the Tribunal
by the Applicant himself and he would be best placed to assist in addressing
any of the court’s queries in relation to the Tribunal’s decision on this
issue. It is also undisputed that the Applicant presently oversees all matters
in _all jurisdictions_ pertaining to underlying dispute between the Plaintiffs
and the Defendants and the enforcement of the Awards.

55 Second, the Applicant has special expertise in respect of the issues that
arise in RA 278, RA 279, SUM 4064 and SUM 4065. Over and above his undoubted
familiarity with the facts and legal issues involved in the case (see above at
[54]), the qualifications of the Applicant in the field of international
arbitration are also unquestioned by all parties to this Application. That is
neither a surprising nor a charitable concession on the part of the
Respondent. The Applicant has been consistently acknowledged by established
international legal directories and legal practice references as a leading
Queen’s Counsel in the field of international arbitration. Further, he appears
particularly suited to address the issues arising in this case (see [26]
above) because he is the author of _Jurisdiction and Arbitration Agreements
and their Enforcement_ (Sweet & Maxwell, 2005) and (Sweet & Maxwell, 2nd Ed,
2010), which is now widely considered to be a leading reference text in the
complex field of arbitration law. This book has also been referred to by the
Singapore courts as an authority for various legal propositions or views: see
_Evergreat Construction Co Pte Ltd v Presscrete Engineering Pte Ltd_ [2006] 1
SLR(R) 634 at [38], _The “Duden”_ [2008] 4 SLR(R) 984 at [11], _Insigma
Technology Co Ltd v Alstom Technology Ltd_ [2009] 1 SLR(R) 23 at [21],
_Insigma Technology Co Ltd v Alstom Technology Ltd_ [2009] 3 SLR(R) 936 at
[33] and _CRW Joint Operation v PT Perusahaan Gas Negara (Persero) TBK_ [2011]
SGCA 33 at [36]).

56 Third, it should be pointed out that there is neither evidence nor
contention that the Applicant will be any less than “responsible, honourable,
courteous and respectful of our Judiciary” (see _Littlemore QC_ at [5]).

57 Fourth, the Respondent argued that the admission of the Applicant would
result in prejudice to the Respondent because there would be “further
delay”[note: 8] in the hearing of RA 278, RA 279, SUM 4064 and SUM 4065, and
furthermore delays may adversely impact on garnishee proceedings that were to
take place in Hong Kong. In my view, the Respondent’s contention that the
Applicant’s availability (or lack thereof) may result in further delay was
entirely speculative – there is presently no hearing date fixed for RA 278, RA
279, SUM 4064 and SUM 4065. In any case, I note that in _Beloff QC_ , Yong CJ
noted that a delay of three months pursuant to the admission of a Queen’s
Counsel was not of such magnitude that substantial injustice would be caused.
I also think that the existence of pending Hong Kong garnishee proceedings
provides _even greater reason_ that a Singapore court, as the supervisory
court, should set well-considered directions.

58 Finally, I noted that in the present case (and unlike in _Fortescue QC_),
_both_ the Attorney-General and the Law Society, as objective non-parties to
the proceedings in RA 278, RA 279, SUM 4064 and SUM 4065, supported the
application for the Applicant’s admission. Indeed, the strong support of the
Attorney-General is evident from the written submissions tendered, where it
was stated that:[note: 9]

[The Attorney-General] does not see any reason, from the point of view of the
Public Interest, to object to the Applicant being admitted on an a _d hoc
basis_ for _the_ forthcoming hearing. Indeed, _admitting the Applicant for
this purpose will be consistent with the many amendments that have been made
to our laws in order to enhance the attractiveness of Singapore as a venue for
international commercial arbitrations_. It is an assurance to Parties who
arbitrate in Singapore that their lead counsel in the arbitration proceeding
can, provided he has sufficient expertise and experience to assist a Singapore
Court, appear on their behalf when the same matter or matters arising
therefrom is subsequently considered by a Court in Singapore. [emphasis added]

59 It was earlier noted (at [50(d)] and [50(e)] above) that the legislative
intent was for courts to “continue to _liberally_ admit QCs for the important
and _complex commercial_ and banking cases” [emphasis added], and to “
_favour_ the admission of QCs _particularly_ in banking and _commercial cases_
” [emphasis added]. In this regard, the Minister for Law has recently
emphasised that Singapore is presently the leading regional arbitration hub,
with a commitment to “update our laws to reflect best practices” and to ensure
that “ _[i]nternational best practices are adopted and investors as well as
lawyers who advise them can easily understand our system, and work within it_
” [emphasis added] (_Singapore Parliamentary Debates, Official Report_ (9
March 2011) vol 87 (K Shanmugam, Minister for Law)). Even more recently, the
Minister for Law emphasised the need to “continue to promote Singapore as a
venue of choice for international dispute resolution … [and] that the
arbitration infrastructure in Singapore … remains world-class, is continually
improved and keeps ahead of international developments” (_Singapore
Parliamentary Debates, Official Report_ (10 October 2011) vol 88 at col 71 (K
Shanmugam, Minister for Law)). In view of the strong emphasis on developing
international arbitration law in Singapore, it would be very much in line with
the wider public interests to admit the Applicant in relation to the pending
matters before the High Court. It must, however, be stressed that this does
not mean that in future every application involving the same Queen’s Counsel
who has been the lead counsel in the arbitration proceedings below will be
favourably viewed. Not only must the legal issues be of sufficient difficulty
and complexity, the Court must also be convinced that the issues argued are
inextricably linked to the arbitration proceedings and that there will be a
real benefit in having the same counsel assist the Court. A matter centric
approach that pays particular attention to the sufficiency of complexity and
difficulty of the issues raised will have to be adopted.

Observation

60 My decision to admit the Applicant was premised on the rather special and
compelling facts of this matter that have been elaborated upon earlier (see
[53]–[59]).The pending proceedings are an intricately tangled sequel to an
international arbitration involving two well established foreign commercial
conglomerates. That arbitration had Singapore as its seat. Apart from the
international dimension of the underlying dispute and the large financial
stakes the parties have in the outcome of the pending proceedings, the
potentially multi-jurisdictional implications that any determination of the
Singapore courts might have, had also to be considered. I saw absolutely no
reason why in such a matter, which plainly ticks off all the statutory
admission requirements, the application should not be acceded to. This
decision, however, ought not to be interpreted as signalling that the Court is
presently disposed to liberally reinterpret the existing statutory
constrictions governing the _ad hoc_ admission of Queen’s Counsel. This would
not be permissible as case law emanating from the Court of Appeal has
authoritatively determined that _ad hoc_ admissions in ordinary circumstances
under the current legislative architecture will be rare. The fact that no
Queen’s Counsel has been permitted to appear here since leave was granted in
Originating Motion No 38 of 2004, some seven years ago, says it all. Given the
settled nature of such caselaw and its provenance, legislative intervention
will be necessary should it now be considered that the public interests
require a reappraisal of the current tightly restricted position.

Conclusion

61 This matter has a fearsomely convoluted history that cannot be simply
painted onto a legal canvas with a few brush strokes. The Applicant’s intimate
and singular knowledge of the Arbitration (with all its factual complexities
and legal creases) and his peculiar expertise in the area of international
arbitration law and practice would allow him to illuminate “the true shades of
the law and fact” (_Re Gyles QC_ [1996] 1 SLR(R) 871 at [5]). Pertinently,
neither the Attorney-General (representing the Public Interest) nor the Law
Society (representing _the in_ terests of the Bar) objected to the
application. In the final analysis, bearing in mind that several of the legal
issues that will ar _ise in_ the pending proceedings are still being
animatedly debated within the wider arbitral community and remain unsettled in
most jurisdictions, the circumstances of this case plainly warranted the
exercise of discretion in favour of admission of the Applicant. I accordingly
allowed the application with no order as to costs.

* * *

[note: 1]Applicant’s Written Submissions dated 10 November 2011, para 25.

[note: 2]Affidavit of Tan Zi Yan Daniel filed 27 September 2011 for the
Applicant, exhibit marked “TZYD-1”, p 66, para 96.

[note: 3]_Ibid_.

[note: 4]Affidavit of Tan Zi Yan Daniel filed 27 September 2011 for the
Applicant, exhibit marked “TZYD-7”, 1st and 2nd Respondent’s Submissions on
Preliminary Issues, p 379, para 74 (this 1st Respondent refers to the 1st
Defendant in the present application).

[note: 5]Affidavit of Tan Zi Yan Daniel filed 27 September 2011 for the
Applicant, exhibit marked “TZYD-1”, p 69, para 103.

[note: 6]Respondent’s Written Submissions dated 10 November 2011, para 8.

[note: 7]See the Law Society of Singapore’s Submissions dated 21 October 2005,
paras 5-9.

[note: 8]Affidavit of Lye Hui Xian filed 28 October 2011 for the Respondent, p
16, para 40(b).

[note: 9]Attorney-General’s Written Submissions dated 15 November 2011, para
15.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 12 Dec 2011 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

