Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Animal Concerns Research & Education Society _v_ Tan Boon Kwee  
[2011] SGCA 2

Case Number| :| Civil Appeal No 60 of 2010  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 20 January 2011  
Tribunal/Court| :| Court of Appeal  
Coram| :|  Chao Hick Tin JA; Andrew Phang Boon Leong JA; V K Rajah JA  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Suresh Nair Sukumaran and Rajaram Muralli Raja (Straits
Law Practice LLC) for the Appellant; Quek Mong Hua and Sharon Chong (Lee &
Lee) for the Respondent.  
Parties| :|  Animal Concerns Research & Education Society — Tan Boon Kwee  
  
[LawNet Editorial Note: This was an appeal from the decision of the High Court
in [2010] SGHC 85.]

20 January 2011| Judgment reserved.  
---|---  
  
Andrew Phang Boon Leong JA (delivering the judgment of the court):

Introduction

1 This is an appeal against the decision of the trial judge (“the Judge”), who
dismissed the claim of Animal Concerns Research & Education Society (“the
Appellant”) in the tort of negligence against Tan Boon Kwee (“the
Respondent”), in the latter’s capacity as clerk of works (see _Animal Concerns
Research & Education Society v ANA Contractor Pte Ltd and another_ [2010] SGHC
85 (“the Judgment”)).

2 Despite the fact that the position of a clerk of works (now known as a
“resident technical officer” (see regulation 2(e) of the Building Control
(Amendment No 2) Regulations 2007 (S 495/2007) (“the 2007 Regulations”)) and
one of two species of “site supervisor” (the other being a “resident
engineer”) (see regulation 24(2) of the Building Control Regulations 2003) (S
666/2003) (“the 2003 Regulations”)) is mandated by ss 7 and 10 of the Building
Control Act (Cap 29, 1999 Rev Ed) (“the Act”), this appears to be the first
time this role has arisen for consideration in the Singapore courts.

3 Notwithstanding the change in terminology under the 2007 Regulations, the
term “clerk of works” (rather than the term “residential technical officer”)
will continue to be used throughout this judgment. The use of the term “clerk
of works” is also more appropriate in the context of the actual facts of the
present proceedings.

Background facts and the decision below

Background facts

4 The Appellant is an Institution of Public Character under the Charities Act
(Cap 37, 2007 Rev Ed), while the Respondent was and continues to remain a
director of A.n.A Contractor Pte Ltd (“A.n.A”), the first defendant in the
trial below.

5 The Appellant had planned to establish a shelter (“the shelter”) for animals
on a plot of land along Jalan Lekar (“the site”) leased from the Singapore
Land Authority (“SLA”), and appointed A.n.A as the contractor for the project.
A.n.A in turn appointed the Respondent as the clerk of works/site supervisor
for the project (who was to be employed by A.n.A, rather than by the
Appellant). A.n.A also appointed two qualified persons (“QPs”), a qualified
architect (“QA”) and a qualified engineer (“QE”), as the QPs for the
architectural works and supervision of structural works, respectively, under s
11(1)(_d_)(ii) of the Act.

6 The project, however, was beset by a number of problems, which led to the
Appellant suing A.n.A for breach of contract (and negligence) in the
proceedings below.

7 Firstly, there was considerable delay in the execution of the project.
Secondly, the Appellant alleged that A.n.A had failed to construct the shelter
in accordance with the specified building plans. Finally, it transpired that,
in the course of levelling the site, wood chips had been used as landfill,
resulting in a foul smell and a discharge of blackish effluence from the site.
This came to the attention of the SLA and the National Environment Agency
(“NEA”), which considered that it amounted to pollution of the surrounding
environment and contamination of Kranji Reservoir. As a result, the Appellant
is obliged to excavate the rear portion of the site and reconstruct the animal
enclosures located there before work at the shelter can begin in earnest.

8 In addition to its claims against A.n.A, the Appellant also sued the
Respondent in his capacity as clerk of works of the project, alleging that he
had negligently failed to supervise the levelling of the site and, in
particular, failed to ensure that wood chips were suitable landfill material.

The decision below

9 The Judge found that, as the land at the site was not level, A.n.A was under
a contractual duty to level it (see the Judgment at [16]). A.n.A did so by
raising the lower-lying areas of the site in a process known as “backfilling”,
_ie_ , bringing in earth from elsewhere to raise the lower regions (see the
Judgment at [17]). A.n.A contracted with an entity known as Lok Sheng
Enterprises (“Lok Sheng”) to bring in wet soil and wood chips as backfill
material for this purpose.

10 The Judge found, based on expert evidence adduced by the Appellant, that
the wood chips A.n.A had caused to be used as backfill material were the cause
of the pollution and contamination (see the Judgment at [28]).

11 The Judge held that the Appellant had proved its claims against A.n.A for
breach of contract in respect of the delay, the failure to comply with the
building plans, and the use of wood chips (see the Judgment at [34]–[35]). He
considered that it was therefore unnecessary for the Appellant to have
proceeded against A.n.A in negligence. There is no appeal against this portion
of the Judge’s decision.

12 However, the Judge dismissed the Appellant’s action in negligence against
the Respondent, on the basis that s 10(5) of the Act did not impose a duty on
the Respondent to supervise the backfilling (see the Judgment at [39]).
Section 10(5) of the Act provides as follows:

(5) Every site supervisor appointed under this section in respect of any
building works shall take all reasonable steps and exercise due diligence in
giving –

(_a_) in the case of large building works – full-time supervision to the
carrying out of the structural elements of the building works; and

(_b_) in the case of small-scale building works – immediate supervision to the
carrying out of the critical structural elements of the building works,

to ensure that the structural elements or critical structural elements, as the
case may be, of the building works in question are carried out in accordance
with the plans of the building works supplied to him in accordance with
section 9(1)(_c_) by a qualified person, and with any terms and conditions
imposed by the Commissioner of Building Control.

There was no dispute that the project works were “small-scale building works”
for the purposes of the Act. However, in the Judge’s view, s 10(5)(_b_) of the
Act only obliges a site supervisor (including a clerk of works) to supervise
the carrying out of “critical structural elements” of small-scale building
works, and, according to s 2 of the Act, “structural elements” were “parts or
elements of a building” (see the Judgment at [37]). Since earthworks
(including backfilling) were not parts or elements of a building, much less
“critical structural elements”, the Judge held that the Respondent was not
obliged to supervise the backfilling.

13 In addition, the Judge considered that, even if the backfill could be
considered a “critical structural element” for the purposes of s 10(5)(_b_), a
clerk of works’ obligation under s 10(5) of the Act was merely to ensure that
such elements were carried out “in accordance with the plans of the building
works… and with any terms and conditions imposed by the Commissioner of
Building Control”. On the facts, however, there was no evidence that the
building plans specified a particular material to be used as backfill, or that
the Commissioner of Building Control had imposed any terms and conditions
relating to the backfill.

14 The Appellant appeals against this portion of the Judge’s decision.

Arguments on appeal

Appellant’s arguments

15 The Appellant submits that, on its true construction, s 10(5) of the Act
does impose a duty of care on the Respondent. The Appellant points out that s
2 of the Act includes “foundations” and “all other elements designed to resist
forces and moments” within the definition of “structural elements”. Under
regulation 2 of the 2003 Regulations, “foundation” means:

that part of a construction immediately below the footings of a building,
which is in direct contact with, and through which the weight of a building is
transmitted to, the ground, and includes piling works …

The backfill, the Appellant argues, falls within the definition of
“foundation” in the 2003 Regulations. Further, according to the testimony of
the Appellant’s expert witness, the backfill “wholly supports the weight of
the structures built at the back of the [s]ite” and is “one of the critical
factors that would affect the structural stability of the structures built on
the [s]ite”. As such, the Appellant submits, the backfill is a “structural
element” within the meaning of s 2 of the Act, as it is both a “foundation” as
well as an element which resists forces and moments, and, given its crucial
significance, is therefore a “critical structural element” of the building
works. Consequently, according to the Appellant, the Respondent was obliged,
under s 10(5)(_b_) of the Act, to take all reasonable steps and exercise due
diligence in giving “immediate supervision” to the carrying out of the
backfilling to ensure that they were carried out in accordance with the
building plans, which the Respondent failed to do.

16 In addition, the Appellant submits that the Respondent owed it a common law
duty of care to supervise the backfilling, and to ensure that material used as
backfill was suitable for its purpose. In this regard, the Appellant submits
that the test for the existence of a duty of care, laid down by this court in
_Spandeck Engineering (S) Pte Ltd v Defence Science & Technology Agency_
[2007] 4 SLR(R) 100 (“ _Spandeck_ ”), is satisfied on the facts of this
appeal, and that the Respondent breached his duty of care to the Appellant,
which caused loss to the Appellant that was not too remote.

Respondent’s arguments

17 The Respondent, unsurprisingly, submits that the Judge’s construction of s
10(5) of the Act is the correct one, and therefore that the Act did not impose
the duty of care for which the Appellant contends.

18 In addition, the Respondent argues that the Act is conclusive as to a clerk
of works’ duties, and that there is no reason to impose any common law duty of
care above and beyond the statutory duties prescribed by the Act.

19 Finally, the Respondent submits that, even if a duty of care was owed to
the Appellant, there had been no breach of this duty by the Respondent.

Issues on appeal

20 The issues which arise for our determination in this appeal are as follows:

(a) whether s 10(5)(_b_) of the Act, on its true construction, imposes a duty
on the Respondent to supervise the backfilling;

(b) whether, at common law, the Respondent owed the Appellant a duty of care
to supervise the backfilling;

(c) whether, if a duty under (a) and/or (b) above existed, the Respondent
breached either or both of those duties;

(d) whether, assuming that there had been a breach of either or both of those
duties, such breach or breaches caused the Appellant’s loss and were not too
remote; and

(e) assuming that he was otherwise liable to the Appellant, whether the
Respondent can avail himself of any defences.

Our decision

Section 10(5)(_b_) of the Act

Remedying a misconception

21 We should highlight at the outset that even if the Appellant’s construction
of s 10(5) of the Act is correct, s 10(5) is, strictly speaking, not
determinative of the Respondent’s civil liability to the Appellant in an
action for negligence, for it is trite law that there is no common law tort of
“careless performance of a statutory duty” (see the House of Lords decision of
_X (Minors) v Bedfordshire County Council_ [1995] 2 AC 633 (“ _X v
Bedfordshire CC_ ”) at 732–735).

22 In other words, what the courts in this area are looking for is still a
duty of care at common law (see, for example, the English Court of Appeal
decision of _Connor v Surrey County Council_ [2010] 3 All ER 905 at [102]),
_ie_ , the statutory duty which a plaintiff alleges sounds in negligence must
have been previously held to give rise to a common law duty of care, or must
be so declared by the court adjudicating the matter, applying the test in
_Spandeck_. A statutory duty does not _ipso facto_ impose a concomitant duty
of care at common law. A statutory duty may, of course, form the backdrop to
and inform the existence (or lack thereof) of a common law duty of care (see,
for example, _X v Bedfordshire CC_ at 739), but that does not mean the
statutory duty _per se_ is a duty of care, even if it is phrased (as here) in
terms of requiring the taking of “reasonable steps” and “due diligence”.

23 Even if the Appellant’s construction of s 10(5)(_b_) of the Act is correct,
therefore, the _mere existence_ of a statutory duty on the Respondent to
supervise the backfilling is not sufficient to establish an action in
negligence at common law by the Appellant.

24 Nevertheless, if there is indeed such a statutory duty on the Respondent
under s 10(5)(_b_) of the Act (as construed by the Appellant), and the
Respondent had breached such a duty, another possible cause of action that the
Appellant might have pursued against the Respondent would be one based on the
tort of breach of statutory duty. However, this alternative legal route does
not appear to have been adopted by the Appellant. Although s 10(5) of the Act
clearly imposes some sort of statutory duty on site supervisors, the Act only
states that breach of that duty will give rise to _criminal_ liability under s
10(8) of the Act. As the Act is completely silent on whether breach of s 10(5)
also gives rise to _civil_ liability, and, if so, whether such liability is
incurred to a private individual who has suffered loss as a result of the
breach, the success of a claim for breach of statutory duty would, in the
main, have depended on the construction of the Act in general and s 10(5)(_b_)
in particular, in order to ascertain whether the Legislature impliedly
intended to provide a right of civil action to enforce the statutory duty (see
the leading House of Lords decision of _Cutler v Wandsworth Stadium Ltd_
[1949] AC 398 at 407 and 412).

25 The key precondition, however, to the validity of an action for breach of
statutory duty would have been the existence and nature of the statutory duty
contended for, _ie_ , the correctness of the Appellant’s construction of s
10(5)(_b_) of the Act, for the action would fail at the threshold if the
relevant facts did not even fall within the ambit of s 10(5)(_b_) of the Act
in the first place. Indeed, this is precisely what the Judge found, and it is
to that finding that our attention now turns.

Our decision

26 We are of the view that the Judge’s decision on the interpretation to be
given to s 10(5)(_b_) of the Act is undoubtedly correct. The definition of
“structural elements” in s 2 of the Act clearly refers to parts or elements of
a _building_ , and the definition of “building” in s 2 (“any permanent or
temporary _building or structure_ ” [emphasis added]) contemplates an
artificial construct or edifice, and not the ground upon which that construct
or edifice rests.

27 Further, the only example of a “building” given in s 2 of the Act which
could come close to covering the backfill in the context of the present
proceedings is the term “earth retaining or stabilising structure, whether
permanent or temporary” found in example (b). However, the term “earth
retaining structure” is, in turn, defined in s 2 of the Act as “any structure,
structural system or other means used to maintain the shape of excavation
_during … earth filling_ ” [emphasis added], which suggests that earth filling
_per se_ cannot be a building.

28 Hence, the backfill does not form part of the “structural elements” of the
building works, critical or otherwise, and s 10(5)(_b_) of the Act therefore
imposed no statutory duty on the Respondent to supervise the carrying out of
the backfilling.

Common law duty of care

Introduction

29 It follows from the discussion at [21]-[23] above, however, that the
construction of s 10(5)(_b_) of the Act is not determinative of the issue of
the Respondent’s common law duty of care, and it is therefore necessary to
determine whether, under the _Spandeck_ test, the Respondent owes a duty of
care to the Appellant at common law. As this court observed in _Ngiam Kong
Seng and another v Lim Chiew Hock_ [2008] 3 SLR(R) 674 (“ _Ngiam_ ”) (at
[20]–[21]):

20 The general position in Singapore with respect to liability for negligence
in cases of pure economic loss and cases of physical damage has now been
settled by the recent decision of this court in Spandeck ([2] supra). Briefly
stated, the position in Singapore follows, in the main, the two-stage test
laid down by Lord Wilberforce in Anns v Merton London Borough Council [1978]
AC 728 (“Anns”), where the learned law lord observed, as follows (at 751-752):

[I]n order to establish that a duty of care arises in a particular situation,
_it is not necessary to bring the facts of that situation within those of
previous situations in which a duty of care has been held to exist_. Rather
the question has to be approached in two stages. First one has to ask whether,
as between the alleged wrongdoer and the person who has suffered damage there
is a sufficient relationship of proximity or neighbourhood such that, in the
reasonable contemplation of the former, carelessness on his part may be likely
to cause damage to the latter - in which case a prima facie duty of care
arises. Secondly, if the first question is answered affirmatively, it is
necessary to consider whether there are any considerations which ought to
negative, or to reduce or limit the scope of the duty or the class of persons
to whom it is owed or the damages to which a breach of it may give rise ...
[emphasis added]

21 More specifically, Chan Sek Keong CJ, delivering the judgment of the court
in _Spandeck_ , observed thus (at [73]):

**_In our view, a coherent and workable test can be fashioned out of the basic
two-stage test premised on proximity and policy considerations, if its
application is preceded by a preliminary requirement of_** _factual_
**_foreseeability. We would add that this test is to be applied_**
_incrementally_ **_, in the sense that when applying the test in each stage,
it would be desirable to refer to decided cases in analogous situations to see
how the courts have reached their conclusions in terms of proximity and/or
policy_**. As is obvious, the existence of analogous precedents, which
determines the current limits of liability, would make it easier for the later
court to determine whether or not to extend its limits. However, the absence
of a factual precedent, which implies the presence of a novel situation,
should not preclude the court from extending liability where it is just and
fair to do so, taking into account the relevant policy consideration against
indeterminate liability against a tortfeasor. **_We would admit at this
juncture that this is basically a restatement of the two-stage test in Anns,
tempered by the preliminary requirement of factual foreseeability. Indeed, we
should point out that this is the test applied in substance by many
jurisdictions in the Commonwealth_** : see, for example, the Canadian case of
_Cooper v Hobart_ (2001) 206 DLR (4th) 193; the New Zealand case of _Rolls-
Royce New Zealand Ltd v Carter Holt Harvey Ltd_ [2005] 1 NZLR 324 ...
[emphasis added in bold italics]

In a similar vein, the learned Chief Justice summarised the applicable law in
Singapore at the end of the judgment in _Spandeck_ in the following terms (at
[115]):

To recapitulate: A _single_ test to determine the existence of a duty of care
should be applied regardless of the nature of the damage caused (_ie_ , pure
economic loss or physical damage). It could be that a more restricted approach
is preferable for cases of pure economic loss but this is to be done within
the confines of a single test. **_This test is a two-stage test, comprising
of, first, proximity and, second, policy considerations. These two stages are
to be approached with reference to the facts of decided cases although the
absence of such cases is not an absolute bar against a finding of duty. There
is, of course, the threshold issue of factual foreseeability but since this is
likely to be fulfilled in most cases, we do not see the need to include this
as part of the_** legal **test for a duty of care**. [emphasis added in bold
italics]

[emphasis in original]

30 In _Ngiam_ itself, the _Spandeck_ test was extended to encompass liability
for psychiatric harm (thus confirming that it is, indeed, a _single_ test for
the existence of a duty of care that is applicable across the board in the
tort of negligence). In so far as the law in other Commonwealth jurisdictions
was concerned, the following observations were made in _Ngiam_ (at
[105]–[107]):

105 It should also be noted that although the two-stage test in _Anns_ ([20]
_supra_), which forms the basis of the test laid down by this court in
_Spandeck_ , has not been followed in England, the law in that particular
jurisdiction continues (as this court noted in _Spandeck_ at [46]-[49]) to
remain in a state of flux (see, for example, the House of Lords decision of
_Customs and Excise Commissioners v Barclays Bank plc_ [2007] 1 AC 181).

106 It is also interesting to note that the position in Canada is similar to
that presently applicable in Singapore, where (as mentioned earlier at [98]
above) a somewhat modified version of the two-stage test in Anns has been
adopted. In particular, whilst affirming the two-stage test in Anns, the
Canadian courts have considered both reasonable foreseeability and proximity
under the first stage (see, for example, the Canadian Supreme Court decisions
of _Cooper v Hobart_ (2001) 206 DLR (4th) 193 at [30]-[31]; _Odhavji Estate v
Woodhouse_ (2003) 233 DLR (4th) 193 at [46]-[50]; _Hill v Hamilton-Wentworth
Regional Police Services Board_ (2005) 259 DLR (4th) 676 at [47]; _Childs v
Desormeaux_ (2006) 266 DLR (4th) 257 at [9]-[12]; and _Syl Apps Secure
Treatment Centre v BD_ (2007) 284 DLR (4th) 682 at [23]-[30]). This approach
is not necessarily at variance with that adopted in _Spandeck_ , for (as we
explained above at [104]) the concept of reasonable foreseeability is also an
integral part of the process of ascertaining whether there is sufficient
(legal) proximity between the plaintiff and the defendant, albeit on a
preliminary (and factual) level.

107 The position in Australia appears to be somewhat in a state of flux (see
generally Francis Trindade, Peter Cane & Mark Lunney, _The Law of Torts in
Australia_ (Oxford University Press, 4th Ed, 2007) at ch 9).

31 It is interesting to note that the respective situations in the various
jurisdictions as summarised in _Ngiam_ above have not – to the best of our
knowledge – changed substantially since then (see, for example, W V H Rogers,
_Winfield & Jolowicz on Tort_ (Sweet & Maxwell, 18th Ed, 2010) (“ _Winfield &
Jolowicz_”) at ch 5 (with regard to England); Allen M Linden and Bruce
Feldthusen, _Canadian Tort Law_ (LexisNexis, 8th Ed, 2006) at ch 9, especially
at pp 301-306, Lewis N Klar, _Tort Law_ (Thomson Carswell, 4th Ed, 2008) at ch
5, especially at pp 165-185, as well as the Supreme Court of Canada decision
of _Fullowka et al v Pinkerton’s of Canada Limited et al_ (2010) 315 DLR (4th)
577 (with regard to Canada); and R P Balkin and J L R Davis, _Law of Torts_
(LexisNexis, 4th Ed, 2009) at ch 7, especially at paras 7.12-7.13 (with regard
to Australia)).

32 Returning to the facts of the present appeal, as noted above (at [29]),
this court decided in _Spandeck_ that a single test for the existence of a
duty of care in the tort of negligence is applicable irrespective of the type
of loss suffered, and it is therefore not fatal to the Appellant’s case that
the loss for which it seeks to be compensated is pure economic loss, _viz_ ,
the cost of remedial work.

33 The _Spandeck_ test requires this court to consider (assuming it was
factually foreseeable that the Appellant would suffer damage from the
Respondent’s carelessness) whether there was sufficient legal proximity
between the Appellant and the Respondent for a _prima facie_ duty of care to
arise (see _Spandeck_ at [77]), and whether any policy considerations negated
this _prima facie_ duty (see _Spandeck_ at [83]). This two-stage test is to be
applied incrementally with reference to the facts of decided cases in
analogous situations (see _Spandeck_ at [73]).

34 In essence, what this court has to decide, in the context of the present
appeal, is whether, at common law, a clerk of works owes a duty to the person
commissioning the building works (who may or may not, contractually, be his
employer) to take reasonable care in supervising the carrying out of those
works. Even if such a duty of care exists, there must, _inter alia_ , have
been a breach of such a duty of care by the Respondent resulting in damage
that must not have been too remote in order for the Respondent to be liable to
the Appellant. However, the establishment of a duty of care is an obvious
threshold requirement that must first be established (in this case, by the
Appellant). It is this issue (and, in particular, the legal criteria laid down
in the _Spandeck_ test) that we must now address.

Factual foreseeability

35 The threshold requirement of factual foreseeability is easily fulfilled on
the facts of this appeal: it was reasonably foreseeable that if the Respondent
did not take care in supervising the backfill operation, the Appellant would
suffer some sort of loss or damage. The land might not, for instance, have
been backfilled to the proper depth, leading to subsidence and physical damage
to any structures resting on the backfill.

Proximity

Introduction

36 As explained in _Spandeck_ (at [78]–[79]), the focus of the inquiry at this
stage of the test is on the closeness of the relationship between the parties,
and it embraces physical, circumstantial and causal proximity, including
(where the facts support it) any voluntary assumption of responsibility by the
defendant and/or reasonable reliance thereon by the plaintiff (see _Spandeck_
at [81]).

Physical proximity

37 There was evidently physical proximity between the parties: the Appellant
was the lessee of the site, and the Respondent, by virtue of his appointment
as clerk of works/site supervisor, was bound to be physically present at the
site in order to carry out his duties (as to which see [44] below).

Legal proximity

Introduction

38 The concept of proximity requires more than just physical closeness between
the parties, however, and in order to determine whether there was a sufficient
degree of _legal_ proximity between the Appellant and the Respondent, it is
necessary to examine, in some detail, the status and position of a clerk of
works.

The role of a clerk of works

39 According to the _Clerk of Works Manual_ (Institute of Clerks of Works and
Royal Institute of British Architects, 3rd Ed, 1994) (at para 1.01), the term
“clerk of works” was historically “given to the cleric or other person
appointed to _superintend_ building operations” [emphasis added]. This is
confirmed by John E Johnston, _The Clerk of Works in the Construction
Industry_ (Crosby Lockwood Staples, 1975) (“ _The Clerk of Works_ ”), which
states (at p 3) that:

The title Clerk of Works has been in existence since the medieval period, when
a clerk was recognised as a man of learning associated with Holy Orders …

Medieval clerks were not always ordained priests, but acted in a lay capacity
on behalf of the Church, _those nominated as Clerk of Works being responsible
for the construction and upkeep of buildings. Because of the similarity of
their duties, the title was later conferred upon those_ who did not hold Holy
Orders but who _were commissioned to_** _supervise_** _the erection and
repairs to the Royal Buildings_.

[emphasis added in italics and bold italics]

40 It is interesting to note from the above materials that since the Middle
Ages, the role of the clerk of works at a building site has been of a
supervisory nature. For example, _The Clerk of Works_ cites (at p 6) records
from the time of the restoration of St Paul’s Cathedral in the seventeenth
century which state that the clerk of works:

… constantly attends the service of the work to take care that carpenters,
labourers, etc, who work by the day, be employed in such business as the
Surveyor has directed to be done …

41 The _Clerk of Works Manual_ notes (at para 1.01) that the attributes of
“ability, integrity and vigilance” were considered the most appropriate
qualities of a clerk of works, and that these continue to be reflected in the
official coat of arms of the Institute of Clerks of Works of Great Britain.
The _Clerk of Works Manual_ further states (at para 3.03) that the functions
and attributes of a clerk of works include (_inter alia_):

\- _Inspection_ : detecting workmanship which does not comply or materials
which do not conform to the contract standards. This will usually mean
inspecting in detail, and checking measurements regularly.

\- _Reporting_ : keeping the architect fully informed on a regular pre-
arranged basis. It also means alerting the architect immediately when
situations arise which require decisions or actions.

[emphasis in original]

42 Indeed, it has been the common understanding of the construction industry
for over three centuries that (see _The Clerk of Works_ at p 104):

[t]he primary task of the Clerk of Works is to inspect the work as it proceeds
to ensure it is carried out in accordance with the contract drawings and
specifications.

For instance, British Standards Institution, _Glossary of Building and Civil
Engineering Terms_ (Blackwell Scientific Publications, 1993), defines (at 160
2015) a “clerk of works” as a “[p]erson appointed to verify, on behalf of a
_client_ , that _construction work_ is executed in accordance with _drawings_
, specifications and other _contract documents_ ” [emphasis in original]. That
this understanding is shared locally by construction professionals is
confirmed by Chow Kok Fong, _Construction Contracts Dictionary_ (Thomson,
Sweet & Maxwell Asia, 2006), who defines (at p 62) a clerk of works as:

A representative of the architect, engineer or superintending officer in a
construction contract who is deployed on site to assist the architect,
engineer or superintending officer and to inspect the progress of the works on
behalf of the architect, engineer or superintending officer.

43 Colin Tesch, _Construction_ \- _Law and Duties_ (Butterworths, 1977),
explains (at [215]) that:

An architect, for his basic agreed fee, does not usually undertake to do more
than periodic inspections. If the project is of a large size, or perhaps
distant from the architect’s office or maybe only small but complex, full-time
supervision may be required. This is provided for by the appointment of a
clerk of works.

44 It appears, therefore, that the industry practice has been that clerks of
works assist the architect by monitoring the work of contractors on behalf of
the person commissioning the construction works (“the client”), in order to
ensure that work is carried out to _the client’s_ standards, specifications
and schedule, that the correct materials are used and that proper workmanship
is observed.

45 Turning to the relevant case law, in the English High Court decision of
_Leicester Board of Guardians v Trollope_ (reported in Alfred A Hudson, _The
Law of Building, Engineering and Ship Building Contracts and of the Duties and
Liabilities of Engineers, Architects, Surveyors, and Valuers; with Reports of
Cases and Precedents_ , vol II, (Sweet & Maxwell, 4th Ed, 1914) at p 419) (“
_Trollope_ ”), the defendant architect had contracted with the plaintiffs to
supervise the building works. A clerk of works had been appointed, who
permitted the builders to lay the flooring without the specified precautions,
thereby deviating from the defendant’s design, and causing dry rot to set in
some years later. The plaintiffs sued the defendant for breach of the contract
of supervision, and the defendant denied liability on the ground that the
damage had been caused by the negligence or misconduct of the clerk of works.
In the course of his judgment, Channell J remarked (at p 423) that:

I think there is no difficulty in seeing what are the respective functions and
duties of an architect, and of a clerk of the works. I had a very clear idea
of it myself, and the witnesses who have been called for the defendant, two
gentlemen of position in the profession, and the defendant himself, who is a
gentleman of position in the profession, all practical agree. They all agree
that _the clerk of the works has to see to matters of detail_ , and that the
architect is not expected… to do so …

Everybody knows that an architect cannot be there all the time, and everybody
knows that _the clerk of the works is appointed to protect the interests of
the employer against the builder, mainly because the architect cannot be
there_. The same gentlemen who tell us that tell us also that the architect is
responsible to see that his design is carried out. That fairly indicates what
the respective duties of each are, but it leaves one in each case to say
whether the matter complained of is a matter of detail or a matter of seeing
whether the design is complied with.

[emphasis added]

On the facts, Channell J decided that the laying of concrete was a matter of
design within the architect’s purview, and not a matter of detail that could
be left to the clerk of works, and therefore rejected the defendant’s attempt
to deny liability.

46 Although in stating that “the clerk of the works is appointed to protect
the interests of the employer against the builder” (_Trollope_ at p 423, and
reproduced in the preceding paragraph), Channell J used the term “employer”,
we are of the view that the position is no different where the client does not
formally (pursuant to a contract of service) employ the clerk of works. It is
to be noted, however, that although Channell J’s comments in _Trollope_ on the
scope of the duty of a clerk of works have generally been accepted (see
_Jackson & Powell on Professional Liability_ (John L Powell and Roger Stewart
Gen Eds) (Sweet & Maxwell, 6th Ed, 2007) at para 9-246), his eventual decision
is more questionable. Even if the laying of concrete had been a matter of
design, it appears that the clerk of works had fraudulently colluded with the
builder in not taking the necessary precautions, and then concealed the
wrongdoing (see _Trollope_ at p 422). In such circumstances, we would have
thought that there would be scope for arguments based on contributory
negligence or _novus actus interveniens_ (see, for instance, the English
decision of _Gray and Others (The Special Trustees of the London Hospital) v T
P Bennett & Son (a firm) and others_ (1987) 43 BLR 63). It should be borne in
mind, however, that _Trollope_ had been decided long before these defences
were fully developed, and that, on the facts, the architect in _Trollope_ made
no effort to ensure that his design had been complied with.

47 In the English High Court decision of _Kensington and Chelsea and
Westminster Area Health Authority v Wettern Composites and others_ (1984) 1
Con LR 114 (“ _Wettern Composites_ ”), the plaintiffs were the board of
governors of a hospital to which an extension had been built, consisting of
(_inter alia_) artificial stone mullions erected as part of the outer
cladding, and which was eventually discovered to be defective. The defendants
were, essentially, the architects, whom the plaintiffs had sued in negligence
for failing to adequately supervise the erection. In the course of his
judgment holding the architects liable, Judge David Smout QC referred (at 133)
with approval to the division of duties between the architect and clerk of
works commented upon in _Trollope_ , and (at 137–138) stated that the clerk of
works:

… has been aptly described as the Regimental Sergeant-Major. It is accepted
that _he acts as the eyes and ears of the architects, and has a responsibility
to keep the architects informed as to what is or is not happening on site. He
is also described as employed “to act solely as inspector on behalf of the
employer under the direction of the architects_.” [emphasis added]

48 _Wettern Composites_ is also notable because the clerk of works concerned
was also held to be negligent in failing to detect the defects, which holding
demonstrates that, even in matters of detail, the presence of a clerk of works
may not exempt an architect from responsibility. As the clerk of works was
employed by the plaintiffs, they were held vicariously liable for his
negligence, and their damages were reduced by 20% as a result of contributory
negligence.

49 Closer to home, in the decision of this court in _Chuang Uming (Pte) Ltd v
Setron Ltd_ [1999] 3 SLR(R) 771 (“ _Setron_ ”), the first respondent
(“Setron”) owned a building which had been designed by the second respondent
(“the architect”), while the appellant (“the contractor”) was the main
contractor who was responsible for tiling works on the building’s façade. As a
result of defective design on the part of the architect and defective
workmanship on the part of the contractor, tiles fell off the façade in such
quantities that the entire façade had to be replaced. One of the issues on
appeal was the architect’s failure to supervise the tiling works, in breach of
its contractual duty to Setron to do so, and the architect attempted to argue
that, as on-site supervision had been left to a clerk of works, who was
employed by Setron, the architect was not liable for the clerk of work’s
negligence.

50 Rejecting this contention, this court held (at [40]) that the clerk of
works was the “ears and eyes” of the architects in respect of the day to day
on-site supervision of the construction works, and that he was “duty bound to
report to the architects of any defect or shortcomings in the construction
works”.

51 This survey of authorities demonstrates that, both as a matter of industry
practice and judicial observation, a clerk of works is regarded as being, by
virtue of his functions and responsibilities at the building site, in fairly
close proximity to _the client_ , regardless of whether they are in a formal
employer-employee relationship. If, of course, the clerk of works is in fact
employed by the client, then there would also be a _contractual relationship_
(which would, naturally, entail the corresponding legal obligations) between
the parties. The clerk of works protects the interests of the client against
the builder, by inspecting and supervising the works to ensure that they
conform to the client’s budget, standards and specifications, and that the
client is getting value for money and proper workmanship. These matters have
usually been described as matters of “detail”, but might be more accurately be
termed _operational_ matters, in keeping with the military analogy employed in
_Wettern Composites_ (see [47] above). In respect of such operational matters,
the clerk of works is predominantly responsible, although, as _Wettern
Composites_ illustrates, depending on the circumstances, the architect may
share some responsibility. In addition, as the _Clerk of Works Manual_ and
_Setron_ indicate (see above at [41] and [50], respectively), regardless of
whether the matter is one of design or operations, the clerk of works should
keep the architect abreast of developments at the worksite, especially if he
notices defects or shortcomings in the works.

52 All this having been said, however, we are inclined to think that, if a
problem arises, the client would not generally sue the clerk of works
concerned in either contract and/or tort. Indeed, we have seen that, even
where a clerk of works has been at fault, the actual claim has (in the cases
considered) been made against the architect (see _Trollope_ , _Wettern
Composites_ and _Setron_ , all of which have been discussed above), with the
role of the clerk of works being relevant to the issue of _vicarious
liability_ and _contributory negligence_. This is not surprising as clerks of
works are not generally substantial litigants in their own right (although, as
we shall see, this is not the situation in the present appeal, which presents
a rather exceptional fact situation). A more important point, however, is
that, in the _tortious_ context _, clerks of works might not even be liable to
the client in the first instance_. Let us elaborate.

53 It is important to acknowledge the very real fact that _the qualifications
of clerks of work can vary enormously_. As has been observed in a leading
textbook in the field (see I N Duncan Wallace, _Hudson’s Building and
Engineering Contracts_ (Sweet & Maxwell, 1995) vol 1 (at para 2-024)):

Clerks of works are usually employed for a specific project, in many cases on
the recommendation of the architect, though it is not unusual for building
owners with their own building departments or organisations to put forward one
of their own employees. They are almost invariably employed and paid for by
the building owner. ... Their use is more common in building than in
engineering contracts... _Their qualifications may vary from those of a
retired tradesman or foreman to a fully qualified archit[e]ct or engineer, but
in general their position is considerably inferior to that of a resident
engineer, and the extent of their authority much more rigorously circumscribed
by the contract documents_ ... [emphasis added]

There are at least two legal consequences that arise from this variation in
qualifications of clerks of works.

54 First, the _scope_ of any duty of care owed by a clerk of works will _vary_
from case to case and, depending on the fact situation, the scope of the duty
of care may not include the acts or omissions complained of. If so, there is
no duty that can be _breached_ , even assuming that a duty of care exists in
the first instance.

55 _Secondly_ , at a _threshold_ level, _there might not even be a duty of
care to begin with_ (and, on the _overlap_ between duty and breach, see below
at [61]). We are, of course, assuming a situation in which there is _no
contractual nexus_ between the clerk of works concerned and the client to
begin with. Whilst, following from the analysis above at [39]-[51], it might
be argued that, in such a situation, there would, ordinarily, be a duty of
care in _tort_ owed by the clerk of works to the client (_cf_ Stephen Furst
and Sir Vivian Ramsey, _Keating on Construction Contracts_ (8th Ed, London:
Sweet & Maxwell, 2006) (“ _Keating_ ”) at para 13-049), we are of the view
that _, in order for such a duty of care to exist, there must first be
demonstrated that, on the facts of the case concerned, there had been legal
proximity between the parties – for example, that there had been an assumption
of responsibility by the clerk of works_ vis-a-vis _the client. At this
juncture, the universal and the particular (necessarily and, indeed,
inevitably) intersect, with the focus tending towards the latter (as opposed
to the former)_. This necessarily entails an application of the general legal
principles to the _facts_ of the case itself. However, unlike the issue of the
_scope_ of the duty of care referred to in the preceding paragraph, we are
_not_ here stating that the existence of a duty of care is _dependent on_ the
(variable) qualities of the clerk of works. Nonetheless, as we explain below,
_the precise facts_ are _still_ important in ascertaining whether there has
been an assumption of responsibility by the defendant and (correspondingly)
whether the element of reliance on the part of the plaintiff has been
satisfied.

56 However, can it be argued that a _particular or specific_ consideration of
the _facts_ of _a given case_ is _inconsistent_ with the _general_ principle
that a clerk of works _ordinarily_ owes a duty of care to his or her client?
In our view there is _no inconsistency_ (a key consideration in this regard,
as we shall see, lies in the word “ _ordinarily_ ”).

57 As already alluded to above, the _general_ principle is (_necessarily_)
stated at _a high level of abstraction and_ consideration must therefore (_and
also necessarily_) be given to the _particular or specific facts_ of the case
itself.

58 One such example is to be found on the facts of the seminal House of Lords
decision of _Hedley Byrne & Co Ltd v Heller & Partners Ltd_ [1964] 1 AC 465 (“
_Hedley Byrne_ ”), where, although the House of Lords held that it was
possible, as a matter of _general principle_ , for a defendant to owe a duty
of care with regard to _negligent misstatements_ , there was no liability on
the _facts_ of that particular case as the defendant bank had included _a
disclaimer of responsibility_ in the response it had given to the plaintiff
firm. We would observe – parenthetically – that there is, once again, _an
intersection between the universal and the particular_ inasmuch as it could be
argued that, _in addition to_ the effect of such a disclaimer on the
_particular facts_ of the case itself, such a disclaimer represents (at the
level of _general principle_) an instance of what might constitute _an
exception_ to the general proposition that a duty of care can be owed with
respect to negligent misstatements at common law. However, what is important,
for present purposes, is to acknowledge _the role of the particular facts_ in
ascertaining whether or not a duty of care exists in a given case.

59 Consequently, it is necessary, in the context of the present appeal, to now
turn to the _application_ of the general legal principles to the _facts_ of
this case.

60 Before proceeding to do so, however, we would emphasise that we have
hitherto considered _only_ the position between a clerk of works and the
client. By way of a _summary_ of the analysis rendered thus far, where a
_contractual nexus_ exists between these two parties, there will be
contractual liability if a breach of contract can be established by the
innocent party. Further, where such a nexus exists, there could well be
_concurrent_ liability for negligence in _tort_ as well. Where, however, a
contractual nexus does _not_ exist between these two parties, it does _not
necessarily_ follow that there _must_ be liability for negligence in _tort_
between these parties simply because a duty of care might not even exist in
the first place. As we have sought to emphasise, whilst it would be possible
to argue that, on a _general_ level, a duty of care ought _ordinarily_ to be
owed by a clerk of works to his client, whether or not such a duty of care
_is_ indeed owed in the case at hand would, in our view, depend on the
_precise facts_ in question – in particular, whether there had been an
_assumption of responsibility_ by the clerk of works concerned _vis-a-vis_ the
client (and a corresponding _reliance_ by the latter on the former). Indeed,
_even if_ such a duty of care existed on the facts, there might _still_ be
_no_ liability if, again on the _relevant facts_ of the case concerned, the
clerk of works had not _breached_ that duty.

61 It is apposite, at this juncture, to point out that there is often an
_overlap_ between duty and breach (see generally _Winfield & Jolowicz_ at para
5-23). Conceivably, in our view, whether the relevant facts of the case are
considered at the (earlier) duty stage (as is the case in the present appeal)
or at the later breach stage would depend very much on the characterisation as
well as level of abstraction adopted by the court concerned. However,
acknowledging (as we have done (see below at [66]-[74])) that the relevant
_contractual matrix_ ought (where it exists) to be considered (whether at the
first and/or second stages of the _Spandeck_ test) suggests that, in most of
these cases, the court will probably consider (as we have in the present
appeal (see below at [63]-[74])) the _particular facts in order to ascertain
whether a duty of care exists_.

62 _It is also important to note that we leave open the point as to whether or
not a clerk of works owes a duty of care (even on a general level) to other
third parties (who are not the clients as such)_. There might well be a strong
argument in favour of excluding such a duty of care (even on a general level;
and _cf Keating_ at para 13-049) but as this is not the fact situation before
us, we say no more about this particular issue. We turn, instead, to a
consideration of the facts of the present appeal.

Conclusion on legal proximity

63 It should be noted that the Respondent was the main director of A.n.A and
that he procured A.n.A to appoint himself clerk of works (see [64] below). In
such circumstances, the Respondent was _voluntarily assuming the various
responsibilities the role carried and holding himself out as possessing the
relevant qualifications and skills necessary to discharge that role_. This is
exactly the sort of relationship that Lord Devlin in _Hedley Byrne_ considered
(at 529) to be “equivalent to contract”, _ie_ , where there is an _assumption
of responsibility_ in circumstances in which, but for the absence of
consideration, there would be a contract.

64 As for whether there was _reliance_ by the Appellant on care being taken by
the Respondent in circumstances where the latter knew or ought to have known
of such reliance, it must have been obvious to the Respondent that the
Appellant was relying on him as a clerk of works. Indeed, the Respondent
intended that he should be so relied on, for he procured his own appointment
as clerk of works by naming himself the site supervisor/clerk of works in an
application form (“the BCA form”) submitted to the Building and Construction
Authority (“BCA”), in which the Respondent declared that, as site supervisor,
he was “not a partner, officer or employee of the builder”. This was, of
course, patently false, but was no doubt calculated to convey the impression
that the Respondent was an independent and reliable individual with no links
to A.n.A, and could therefore be relied upon to act in the Appellant’s
interest as a clerk of works.

65 The Respondent contends, however, that if the Appellant had wanted the
Respondent to assume some liability to it in the conduct of his
responsibilities, it could have sought a personal guarantee from the
Respondent or introduced the Respondent as a further party to its contract
with A.n.A, but it chose not to do so (see, similarly, _Spandeck_ at [96]). In
such circumstances, the Respondent argues, it cannot be said that he had
assumed any responsibility to the Appellant and/or that the Appellant was
relying on him.

66 Before we address this argument, we should note that the presence of a
contractual matrix is a factor that, whilst considered to be among the
“relevant policy considerations” in _Spandeck_ (at [83]) (and, hence, falling
under the _second_ limb of the _Spandeck_ test), might, depending on the
facts, be appropriately analysed, instead, in relation to the issue of
proximity (under the _first_ limb of the _Spandeck_ test). That there is, on
occasion at least, an overlap between both limbs of the _Spandeck_ test is
not, perhaps, surprising.

67 Indeed, in _Spandeck_ itself, the contractual matrix was treated as both a
proximity factor (at [108]) as well as a policy consideration (at [114]).
Similarly, in the English Court of Appeal decision of _Pacific Associates Inc
v Baxter_ [1990] 1 QB 993 (“ _Pacific Associates_ ”) (which was, in fact,
applied in _Spandeck_), the court did not adopt an altogether uniform approach
towards this issue. Purchas LJ, for example, was of the view (at 1023-1024)
that the precise reason adopted “may not in the present case matter very much”
as the result would be the same, _regardless_ of whether it was held (_inter
alia_) that there had been no proximity between the parties _or_ that it would
not be just and reasonable to find that a duty of care had been established.
Ralph Gibson LJ, on the other hand, appeared (at 1031-1032) to base his
decision on what is presently the second limb of the _Spandeck_ test, whilst
Russell LJ _clearly_ based his decision on that particular limb (at
1037-1039).

68 As was also observed in an article (see Andrew Phang, Cheng Lim Saw and
Gary Chan, “Of Precedent, Theory and Practice – The Case for a Return to
_Anns_ ” [2006] SJLS 1 (at p 54)):

[D]espite the doctrinal separation of both limbs in the _Anns_ test [which was
adopted in _Spandeck_ (see above at [29])], there would, at the level of
appli­cation, nevertheless be an interaction between them. This is only to be
expected since the Court concerned has to base its final decision on a
_holistic_ consideration of _both_ limbs as applied to the facts of the case
itself. [emphasis in original]

69 The overlap just referred to is, in fact, neatly illustrated by the facts
of this particular appeal. In this case, the Respondent is suggesting that the
legal relationship between the parties has been exclusively defined by
contract, leaving no room for the tortious doctrine of assumption of
responsibility to operate. This bears more affinity to proximity (pursuant to
the first limb of the _Spandeck_ test), which is, after all, a question of the
closeness of the relationship between the parties (see _Spandeck_ at [77]),
than to far-reaching considerations of public policy (such as the notorious
“floodgates” argument and the availability of insurance). However, we would
observe – parenthetically – that the reasoning _as well as_ (more importantly)
the result would be the _same_ even if we treat this particular issue under
the second limb of the _Spandeck_ test. This is not, of course, surprising,
given the overlap just mentioned (see also, in a similar vein, _Spandeck_ (at
[114])).

70 Returning to the Respondent’s submission, although this sort of argument
defeated the claim in _Spandeck_ and in _Pacific Associates_ , in our view, on
the facts of the present appeal, it is not as compelling.

71 The mere fact that there is a pre-existing contractual relationship or
backdrop between the parties should not, in itself, be sufficient to exclude a
duty of care on one of them to avoid causing pure economic loss to the other
(the situation is _a fortiori_ where, as here, there is in fact _no_
contractual relationship between the parties, but merely a contractual
backdrop, in the sense that each party was in a separate contractual
relationship with a third party, _viz_ , A.n.A). The true principle, in
determining whether or not any contractual arrangement has this effect, should
be whether or not the parties structured their contracts intending thereby to
exclude the imposition of a tortious duty of care (see the House of Lords
decision of _Henderson and others v Merrett Syndicates Ltd and others_ [1995]
2 AC 145 at 193–194).

72 In _Spandeck_ and _Pacific Associates_ , the presence of an arbitration
clause pointed unequivocally to the fact that the parties deliberately wished
for their contractual arrangements to exclusively govern their respective
liabilities, and to prevent a tortious duty of care which would cut across and
be inconsistent with that contractual structure (see generally _Spandeck_ at
[98]–[102], [108]–[109] and [114]).

73 Here, however, there is no inconsistency between, on the one hand, the
contract between the Appellant and A.n.A, and, on the other, a duty of care
owed by the Respondent to the Appellant. Certainly, there is no evidence to
suggest that the Appellant and A.n.A had deliberately organised their
contractual arrangements to exclude any potential tortious liability on the
part of the Respondent.

74 Hence, in the absence of any positive steps taken by the parties during the
negotiation and conclusion of the contract between A.n.A and the Appellant, we
are unable to see how the contractual matrix militates against the existence
of a duty of care owed by the Respondent to the Appellant.

Policy considerations

Introduction

75 Given that there is sufficient proximity between the Appellant and the
Respondent for a _prima facie_ duty of care to arise, it is necessary to
consider whether any reasons of policy militate against the imposition of a
duty of care.

76 There are a number of such policy considerations, _viz_ :

(a) whether imposing a duty of care on the Respondent might circumvent the
prescribed statutory duties of a site supervisor;

(b) whether imposing a duty of care on the Respondent might amount to an
impermissible lifting of the corporate veil; and

(c) the Respondent’s conflicts of interest.

We will deal with each of these considerations seriatim. However, it is
appropriate to make one preliminary observation.

77 With regard to consideration (c) above, it will be seen (at [87] below)
that our conclusion thereon is that, far from negating the Respondent’s _prima
facie_ duty of care, this particular consideration in fact _reinforces_ it. It
should not be thought, however, that this represents a departure from
_Spandeck_ , and a return to the three-part test (“the _Caparo_ test”) in
_Caparo Industries Plc v Dickman_ [1990] 2 AC 605 (“ _Caparo_ ”). The second
limb of the _Spandeck_ test is essentially _negative_ in nature. Put simply,
the court, having determined that a _prima facie_ duty of care has been
established, applies policy considerations to the factual matrix to decide
whether that _prima facie_ duty is _negated or limited_. In contrast, the
third limb of the _Caparo_ test is a _positive_ one: notwithstanding the
existence of sufficient foreseeability of damage and proximity between the
parties, a duty of care nonetheless cannot arise unless and until the factual
matrix is “one in which the court considers it fair, just and reasonable” to
_impose_ a duty (see _Caparo_ at 618). In other words, unlike the third limb
of the _Caparo_ test, the second limb of the _Spandeck_ test does not require
the presence of policy considerations militating in favour of the imposition
of a duty of care (“positive policy considerations”) – it merely requires the
absence of policy considerations militating against the imposition of such a
duty (“negative policy considerations”). We gratefully adopt the explanation
of the difference between the two approaches supplied by Mark Lunney and Ken
Oliphant, _Tort Law: Text and Materials_ (Oxford University Press, 3rd ed,
2008) (at p 141):

The difference may aptly be characterised as one between an approach that
starts from a presumption of duty, and requires the invocation of policy
factors if the duty is to be negated, and one that starts from a presumption
of no duty, and requires the invocation of policy factors if a new duty is to
be established (see _Stovin v Wise_ [1996] AC 923 at 949, per Lord Hoffmann).

Although it has been questioned whether the difference between the _Spandeck_
and _Caparo_ approaches is truly as stark as the above passage suggests (see
John Murphy, _Street on Torts_ (Oxford University Press, 12th ed, 2007) at pp
43–44), for present purposes we would merely observe that this difference in
approach does _not_ mean that courts cannot, under the second limb of the
_Spandeck_ test, have due regard to the presence of positive policy
considerations. While the _Spandeck_ test does not require this, it does not
prohibit it either, for courts may sometimes need to deploy such
countervailing positive policy considerations in order to dismiss spurious
negative policy considerations raised by the defendant (see, for example, the
Singapore High Court decision of _Amutha Valli d/o Krishnan v Titular Superior
of the Redemptorist Fathers in Singapore and others_ [2009] 2 SLR(R) 1091,
where just such an exercise was undertaken by Lee Seiu Kin J at [81]). As this
court stated in _Spandeck_ (at [85]):

The courts must, as far as possible, avoid giving the impression that there
remain “unexpressed motives” behind their finding for or against a duty.

78 With this preliminary point settled, we turn now to consider the relevant
policy considerations, both negative and positive, in this appeal.

Statutory duty

79 One possible negative policy argument is that the duties of a site
supervisor are clearly set out in s 10 of the Act, and therefore if (as in
this case) the actions of a site supervisor or clerk of works fall outside the
ambit of s 10, this might indicate that the Legislature did not intend for
them to owe any duties in respect of such actions, and that the courts should
not therefore seek to superimpose a common law duty of care wider than the
statutory duty imposed by s 10, which would (on such reasoning) contradict
such legislative intention in the process.

80 Such an argument found favour with the House of Lords in _Murphy v
Brentwood District Council_ [1991] 1 AC 398 (“ _Murphy_ ”) at 457, 472, 482,
491–492 and 498, where the House of Lords overruled _Anns and others v Merton
London Borough Council_ [1978] 1 AC 728 (“ _Anns_ ”) and held that a local
authority owed no duty of care to avoid negligently approving the purchase of
houses with defective foundations, which would thereby cause a purchaser of a
house to incur pure economic loss. A number of their Lordships considered
that, in what was essentially a consumer protection field, the precise extent
and limits that should be imposed on builders and local authorities in the
public interest was best dealt with by the Legislature and not the courts. As
the UK Parliament had seen fit to enact the Defective Premises Act 1972 (c 35)
(“the UK DPA 1972”), which imposed on builders a liability falling short of
that imposed by _Anns_ , there was no policy reason for the courts to impose a
higher common law duty on builders or local authorities.

81 On closer scrutiny, however, the argument based on s 10 of the Act is not,
in our view, strong enough to prevent the imposition of a duty of care on the
Respondent. First, the preamble to the UK DPA 1972 states quite clearly that
it is:

An Act to _impose duties_ in connection with the provision of dwellings and
otherwise to _amend the law_ of England and Wales as to liability for injury
or damage caused to persons through defects in the state of premises.
[emphasis added]

Further, s 1 of the UK DPA 1972 sets out in fairly substantial detail the
persons to whom the duty is owed (s 1(1)(_a_) and (_b_)); the nature of the
duty (s 1(1)); how the duty may be discharged (s 1(2) and (3)); and the
persons on whom the duty is imposed (s 1(1) and (4)). In contrast, s 10 of the
Act does not obviously create a private cause of action that sounds in damages
(see [24] above). It would appear that a breach of s 10 of the Act results
instead in purely criminal sanctions under sub-sections (7) to (9). In such
circumstances, and given the rather general terms in which s 10 of the Act is
phrased, it is unlikely that the Legislature had intended, when enacting s 10,
to preclude common law civil remedies against negligent site supervisors or
clerks of works. Second, the fact that the Act does not cover a particular
situation is equally, if not more, consistent with the possibility that there
is a lacuna in the law the courts should remedy, as opposed to the possibility
that the Legislature intended for such a situation to be completely
unregulated by the common law. Indeed, nothing in the debates during the
Second Reading of the Building Control Bill indicates that the Legislature
intended there not to be a civil remedy against negligent site supervisors
(see _Singapore Parliamentary Debates, Official Report_ (16 February 1989) vol
52 at cols 668–686). Third, the question of what common law duties a clerk of
works owes is not merely one of “consumer protection”, but is also one of
public safety, especially in the local context, where construction takes place
on an ongoing basis. In the field of public and workplace safety, there is no
reason why the courts should not be astute to introduce minimum standards of
skill and care via the tort of negligence.

82 For all these reasons, we consider that _Murphy_ may be distinguished, and
that s 10 of the Act, in itself, is not inconsistent with the Respondent owing
the Appellant a duty of care at common law.

Lifting of the corporate veil

83 The Respondent also argues that the imposition of a duty of care in this
case would in effect amount to an unwarranted lifting of the corporate veil.

84 This would only be true, however, if the Respondent was being sued for the
tortious acts or omissions of A.n.A, rather than for his own tort (see, for
example, the House of Lords decision of _Standard Chartered Bank v Pakistan
National Shipping Corpn and others (Nos 2 and 4)_ [2003] 1 AC 959 at [22]
(_per_ Lord Hoffmann) and [40] (_per_ Lord Rodger)). As _Company Directors:
Duties, Liabilities and Remedies_ (Simon Mortimore ed) (Oxford University
Press, 2009) states (at para 27.22):

A director is personally liable for his own torts committed in relation to the
company’s affairs, whilst acting as a director or employee of the company. In
such circumstances the company will also be vicariously liable for the
director’s torts.

In other words, the corporate veil argument depends on the Respondent acting
as A.n.A, rather than as its employee or agent (or indeed in a personal
capacity). On the facts of the present appeal, however, the Respondent’s
liability is not predicated on any corporate acts _qua_ organ of A.n.A, but on
his personal acts _qua_ clerk of works (albeit therefore as an employee of
A.n.A (see above at [5])). If all the elements of the tort of negligence can
be established against the Respondent, he will be personally liable, and the
fact that he is also a director of a company is irrelevant to his personal
liability, although it may be relevant to the company’s vicarious liability,
depending on whether (as here) the tort was committed in the director’s course
of employment.

85 In the circumstances, therefore, the separate legal personality of A.n.A is
irrelevant, and a duty of care cannot be denied on that ground.

Conflicts of interest

86 One final positive policy consideration that points _in favour of_ the
imposition of a duty of care, and which merits special notice on the specific
facts of this appeal, is the lack of checks and balances arising out of the
Respondent’s conflicts of interest.

87 We have already adverted to the Respondent’s dual position as director of
A.n.A and clerk of works (see above at [4], [63] and [64]), which would
inevitably have compromised his ability to scrutinise the work of A.n.A and
act in the Appellant’s interest (as he ought to have done as clerk of works).
Not for nothing, after all, has the virtue of “integrity” been considered a
core attribute of a clerk of works (see [41] above). Clerks of works should
not be allowed to flout the system of checks and balances envisioned by the
Act, to the detriment of their clients, without the latter having some form of
recourse.

Conclusion on duty of care

88 For all these reasons, the _Spandeck_ test is satisfied, and we are of the
view that the Respondent owed the Appellant a duty of care at common law.

Whether the Respondent breached his duty of care to the Appellant

89 Given that the Respondent was under a common law duty of care to the
Appellant, it is necessary to consider whether, on the facts, this duty was
breached. This raises, in turn, the issue as to what the _scope_ of that duty
is, for, if the duty does not even include or encompass the matters complained
of, then there is no duty to breach. This will obviously depend heavily on the
specific fact situation of each case and will include such factors as the
contractual duties, if any, that the clerk of works concerned has undertaken.

90 On the facts of the present appeal, it is clear, in our views, that, _qua_
clerk of works, the Respondent owed the Appellant a duty of care to supervise
the backfilling works, which was undoubtedly an operational matter under the
responsibility of the Respondent. This is because, as originally agreed, the
levelling of the land was to be a relatively minor part of the contract, and
was the product of negotiations and agreement between the Appellant and A.n.A,
without any architectural input whatever. Although it is a question of fact in
each case whether a matter is one of operation, as opposed to design, it is
quite impossible to regard the backfilling in this case as a design element,
unlike the concreting in _Trollope_ or the tiling works in _Setron_ ,
especially when, as matters subsequently transpired, the backfilling operation
was an unauthorised adventure on the part of A.n.A (see further at [93]
below).

91 Also, as this court held in _JSI Shipping (S) Pte Ltd v Teofoongwonglcloong
(a firm)_ [2007] 4 SLR(R) 460 (at [69]), in determining whether there has been
a breach of a duty of care, the standard of reasonable care is to be
objectively assessed on the basis of knowledge then reasonably available.

92 Although the Respondent attempted to draw a sharp distinction between what
he knew in his capacity as director of A.n.A, and what he knew as clerk of
works, we regard this distinction as somewhat unreal. This sort of approach
has been rejected in the context of directors’ fiduciary duties (see, for
example, the English High Court decision of _Industrial Development
Consultants v Cooley Ltd_. [1972] 1 WLR 443 at 451 and the English Court of
Appeal decision of _Mohan Singh Bhullar & ors v Inderjit Singh Bhullar & anor_
[2003] EWCA Civ 424 at [41]), and we see no reason to adopt it in the context
of the common law duties of a clerk of works.

93 Consequently, the knowledge reasonably available to the Respondent _qua_
clerk of works was also the knowledge available to him _qua_ director of
A.n.A, which included the following matters:

(a) As the site was not level, the Appellant’s contract with A.n.A envisioned
that A.n.A was to level the land (see the Judgment at [16]) by using surplus
earth from the higher-lying areas to raise the lower-lying areas (see the
Judgment at [3]–[4]). The levelling operation was therefore supposed to be a
“self-contained” job, involving no external elements.

(b) Instead, A.n.A departed from the terms of the agreement by engaging Lok
Sheng to truck in backfill material consisting of wet soil and wood chips from
off-site to raise the lower-lying areas of the site (see the Judgment at
[17]).

(c) A.n.A did not know if Lok Sheng had any special qualifications in the area
of earthworks (see the Judgment at [17]). During the course of the trial, it
emerged that Lok Sheng’s principal business activities consisted of
“construction and engineering” and “freight transport by road” – a far cry
from the “specialist” in earthworks it was asserted to be by both A.n.A and
the Respondent in their pleadings and affidavits. In addition, as the Judge
observed, Lok Sheng was “a one-man operation” (see the Judgment at [17]).

(d) In the contract between A.n.A and Lok Sheng under which Lok Sheng was to
supply the soil and wood chips as backfill material, there were no
specifications regarding the type and/or quality of soil and wood chips to be
provided. The contract was completely silent as to whether, for example, the
wood chips were to be chemically treated or inert, or whether the soil was to
consist of organic or inorganic material (or both), or whether precautions had
been taken to ensure the absence of contaminants.

(e) A.n.A did not have to pay for the backfill material (see the Judgment at
[17]), and in fact appears to have received $40,000 in “compensation” from Lok
Sheng for transport and labour costs allegedly incurred by A.n.A in
facilitating the supply and delivery by Lok Sheng of the wood chips. Whether
A.n.A actually incurred any such costs is open to question, given the
testimony of Choo Kong Leong (A.n.A’s project manager), that there were in
fact _no_ extra costs incurred in bringing in the backfill material. In any
event, even if any such costs had been incurred, the fact of the matter is
that A.n.A received the backfill material from Lok Sheng for free (see the
Judgment at [17]). Indeed, under these circumstances, the Respondent ought, in
our view, to have realised that something was amiss – particularly having
regard to the dubious circumstances under which the wood chips were brought
onto the site and used as backfill material. It bears repeating that these
circumstances resulted in A.n.A being able to level the land with at minimal
or no cost, utilising material (here, wood chips) which Lok Sheng was only too
eager to offload free-of-charge. Indeed, as we have already noted, Lok Sheng
appears to have paid $40,000 in “compensation” to A.n.A as well.

94 Given the circumstances set out above, a reasonably competent and prudent
clerk of works, knowing of all these matters, would have taken special care
and redoubled his efforts in supervising the backfilling and checking that the
backfill material used by Lok Sheng was suitable. At the very least, he would
have informed the QPs (and, more importantly, the Appellant) that A.n.A was
backfilling the site in a manner not contemplated by the contract (see [93]
above), as well as of all the other matters in the preceding paragraph. In
short, it was the Respondent’s duty, as clerk of works, to act in a manner
which was contrary to his interests as director of A.n.A.

95 The Respondent, however, did none of these things. There is no evidence
that he took any steps to ensure that the wood chips were safe backfill
material and would not contaminate the site, nor is there evidence that the
QPs had been informed of the backfilling. Indeed, the Respondent himself
admitted in cross-examination that, had the QE been informed of the
backfilling, the QE would have applied for a permit from the Urban
Redevelopment Authority (“URA”), as the backfilling involved a land area of
more than 2,000m2 and a change in the level of the land of more than 1.5m
relative to the neighbouring land, and Condition 10 of the “Permit to Carry
Out Structural Works” granted by the BCA to the Appellant required:

A separate planning permission … from the Chief Planner, URA for earthworks at
a remote site if the works for which this permit is granted also involve:

(a) the borrowing or filling of earth at the remote site; and

(b) such borrowing/filling of earth at the remote site involves a land area of
more than 2,000m2 or a change in level of land of more than 1.5m anywhere in
the site relative to the neighbouring land.

It is not disputed that, notwithstanding this requirement, no planning
permission was applied for prior to the commencement of the backfilling.

96 It should be added that, throughout this entire unhappy affair (_ie_ , both
before and during the trial, as well as at the hearing of the present appeal),
the Respondent has repeatedly prevaricated and changed his story with regard
to the provenance of the wood chips, attempting to suggest that they had been
used on the access way of the site to provide traction for vehicles entering
and leaving the site, and had been “accidentally buried” when they should have
been removed at the end of the project (see, for example, the Judgment at
[18]). These blatant attempts at evasion and dissemblance lead to the
inevitable inference that the Respondent knew full well that A.n.A had no
authorisation from the Appellant to use the wood chips as backfill, and was
going to all possible lengths to hide the fact that A.n.A had gone off on a
frolic of its own in engaging Lok Sheng to backfill the site.

97 In the circumstances, by reason of his failure to supervise the backfilling
operation and to report it to the QPs, the Respondent was in breach of his
duty of care to the Appellant.

Causation and remoteness

98 It is clear that, but for the Respondent’s negligence, the Appellant would
not have suffered the loss it has. Had proper supervision been observed, it is
more likely than not that soil and wood chips would not have been used as the
backfill material. More importantly, had the QPs (or the Appellant) been
informed of the unauthorised backfilling, they would very likely have put a
stop to it. In addition, they would have applied for the necessary permit from
the URA; and if that had been done, it is unlikely that the URA would have
granted the permit in the absence of the SLA’s consent, and the SLA would not
have consented because cl 6.11 of the Tenancy Agreement between the Appellant
and the SLA obliged the former “[n]ot to dispose earth, debris or any other
material” on the site.

99 With regard to the issue of remoteness, we do not consider the Appellant’s
loss too remote for the purposes of the Respondent’s liability in negligence.
The test for remoteness of damage in the tort of negligence is that of
“reasonable foreseeability”, _ie_ , a tortfeasor is liable only for damage of
a kind which a reasonable man should have foreseen (see the leading Privy
Council decision of _Overseas Tankship (UK) Ltd v Morts Dock & Engineering Co
Ltd (The Wagon Mound)_ [1961] AC 388, as well as the decisions of this court
in _Ho Soo Fong v Standard Chartered Bank_ [2007] 2 SLR(R) 181 at [39] and
_Sunny Metal & Engineering Pte Ltd v Ng Khim Ming Eric_ [2007] 3 SLR(R) 782 at
[56]). It was perfectly foreseeable that, if reasonable care was not taken by
the Respondent in supervising the backfilling, ensuring that the backfill
material was suitable and reporting the backfilling to the QPs, pure economic
loss would have been caused to the Appellant in having to demolish any
structures resting on the affected areas in order to excavate and replace the
backfill.

100 Quite apart from this, as a result of the Respondent’s negligence, the
Appellant has had to suffer the unnecessary stress and inconvenience of having
to deal with a number of government agencies regarding the environmental
damage from the contaminated backfill, delay the opening of the shelter and
the commencement of the good work the shelter was intended for, as well as put
up with the unsightly and noxious effluence being discharged from the site.
While these may not be legally recoverable losses, it is a testament to the
fortitude and determination of the Appellant’s staff that they were not
deterred by these numerous setbacks.

Defences

101 We did not hear any argument on this issue, but we are of the view that
the Respondent cannot avail himself of any defences to the Appellant’s claim
in negligence.

102 As we observed at [90] above, we regard the backfilling as an operational
matter falling under the supervisory responsibility of the clerk of works. The
QPs were entitled to expect the Respondent to carry out his duties diligently
and to keep them informed if for some reason their attention was required on
site. That being so, we do not think it can be said that the QPs have, in this
case, been guilty of contributory negligence.

Conclusion

103 For all the foregoing reasons, we conclude that the Respondent was in
breach of his duty of care to the Appellant, and that, by reason of his
negligence, he caused the Appellant to suffer pure economic loss. The
Appellant’s appeal is therefore allowed with costs and with the usual
consequential orders. The damages to be awarded to the Appellant are to be
assessed by the Registrar.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 20 Jan 2011 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

