Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Chun Cheng Fishery Enterprise Pte Ltd _v_ Chuang Hern Hsiung and another  
[2011] SGHC 167

Case Number| :| Suit No 763 of 2005 (Registrar's Appeal Nos 422 and 423 of
2010)  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 11 July 2011  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Andrew Ang J  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Tan Cheng Han SC (TSMP Law Corporation) and Lim Kim Hong
(Kim & Co) for the plaintiff; Lok Vi Ming SC and Vanessa Yong (Rodyk &
Davidson LLP) for the defendants.  
Parties| :|  Chun Cheng Fishery Enterprise Pte Ltd — Chuang Hern Hsiung and
another  
  
11 July 2011|  
---|---  
  
Andrew Ang J:

Introduction

1 This matter concerned two appeals – Registrar’s Appeal No 422 of 2010 (by
the plaintiff) (“RA 422”) and Registrar’s Appeal No 423 of 2010 (by the
defendants) (“RA 423”) against the assessment of damages by the Assistant
Registrar (“AR”) in Suit No 763 of 2005.

2 The plaintiff, Chun Cheng Fishery Enterprise Pte Ltd, is a company
incorporated in Singapore. It is, and was at all material times, carrying on
business, _inter alia_ , as importers and exporters of marine products. The
first defendant, Chuang Hern Hsiung, was employed as the Group President and
Chief Executive Officer of the plaintiff while the second defendant, Chuang
Hsin-Yi, the first defendant’s eldest son, was the Vice-President of
Development of the plaintiff. Both were directors of Chun Cheng USA (“CCUSA”),
a wholly-owned subsidiary of the plaintiff.

3 On 21 October 2005, the plaintiff commenced an action against the first and
second defendants in Suit No 763 of 2005 for, _inter alia_ , damages for the
defendants’ breaches of contractual and fiduciary duties, damages for
conspiracy and for unlawful interference in the plaintiff’s business and/or
contracts. Interlocutory judgment was given in favour of the plaintiff with
damages to be assessed by the Registrar. Both defendants appealed to the Court
of Appeal against the trial judge’s decision. The appeals were dismissed with
costs. However, the Court of Appeal directed that the damages payable to the
plaintiff be confined to those caused by the acts of the defendants from 1 May
2005 onwards.

4 The parties subsequently appeared before the AR for the assessment of
damages. Since they had agreed partially on certain items of the plaintiff’s
claim, the remaining items were as follows:

(a) |  Professional fees of TecBiz Frisman Pte Ltd |  S$62,710.30  
---|---|---  
(b) |  Professional fees of Fourwin Co Ltd |  S$496,530.46  
(c) |  Professional fees of Chio Lim & Associates |  S$311,153.43  
(d) |  Loss of revenue/profit arising from the suspension/reduction of credit facilities |  S$2,102,000  
(e) |  Loss of overstocking mahi mahi |  S$513,000  
  
  

The AR awarded the plaintiff the following:

(a) |  Professional fees of TecBiz Frisman Pte Ltd |  S$62,710.30  
---|---|---  
(b) |  Professional fees of Fourwin Co Ltd |  S$99,306.09 Disbursements at S$4,759.57  
(c) |  Professional fees of Chio Lim & Associates |  S$278,013.13*  
(d) |  Loss of revenue/profit arising from the suspension/reduction of credit facilities |  S$722,815*  
(e) |  Loss of overstocking mahi mahi |  S$318,080.44  
* These figures were corrections to figures in the AR’s Judgment as agreed between the parties and notified to the AR at a hearing on 29 November 2010.  
  
  

5 In RA 422, the plaintiff appealed against the AR’s award of $722,815 for
loss of revenue/profit arising from the suspension/reduction of credit
facilities. This was the only head of claim the plaintiff appealed against.
The defendants appealed in RA 423 against the AR’s award in respect of all the
items of claim listed above.

6 At the hearing before me, counsel for the defendants stated that they were
proceeding only with items (b), (d) and (e) and that the defendants had
already paid to the plaintiff the remaining items claimed in (a) and (c).

7 I affirmed the AR’s award with regard to item (b) quantified at S$99,306.09
but varied the award with regard to items (d) and (e). In respect of item (d),
I awarded the plaintiff the sum of US$435,111 which, converted at an agreed
exchange rate of S$1.51 to US$1, worked out to S$657,017.61. In respect of
item (e), I awarded the plaintiff US$16,016 which worked out to S$24,184.16.
The plaintiff has appealed against my decision in respect of both items (d)
and (e) while the defendants’ appeal is in respect of item (d). The defendants
did not appeal against my affirmation of the AR’s award in respect of item
(b). Accordingly, I need only to deal with items (d) and (e) in these grounds.

Loss of revenue from the suspension/reduction of credit facilities

8 With a view to facilitating a better understanding of the issues under this
head of damages, it would perhaps be useful to undertake a brief history of
the events relating to the suspension or reduction of banking facilities and
the methodology employed by the plaintiff’s witness Chee Yoh Chuang (“Chee”)
in computing the plaintiff’s loss under this head.

Background

9 Prior to 6 July 2005, the plaintiff had credit facilities from eight banks
amounting to US$12.05m:

|  |  **Credit Facilities** **(US$ ‘000)**  
---|---|---  
1 |  Bank of Taiwan, Singapore Branch (“BOT”) |  2,500  
2 |  Chang Hwa Bank, Singapore Branch (“CHB”) |  600  
3 |  Chiao Tung Bank, Singapore Branch (“CTB”) |  1,000  
4 |  Citibank NA, Singapore Branch (CB”) |  1,000  
5 |  DBS Bank Ltd (“DBS”) |  2,500  
6 |  Standard Chartered Bank (“SCB”) |  1,500  
7 |  UFJ Bank Ltd (UFJ”) |  1,250  
8 |  United Overseas Bank Ltd (“UOB”) |  1,700  
Total credit facilities: |  **12,050**  
  
  

10 Between 6 July 2005 and 16 July 2005, the plaintiff’s credit facilities
were substantially reduced to US$8.8m as a result of various damaging rumours
concerning the plaintiff and its chairman Lin Chao Feng (“Lin”). A conference
was held with the plaintiff’s bankers on 19 July 2005 to dispel the rumours.
Chee, nominee of the creditor banks, was appointed on 22 July 2005 as a
Special Accountant to monitor/report on the financial position of the
plaintiff.

11 Meanwhile, the banks suspended any further utilisation of the facilities.
In order to avoid the business of the plaintiff grinding to a halt, the
plaintiff requested a moratorium from the banks to allow the plaintiff to put
forward a plan to reduce/restructure the loans in an orderly manner.

12 The banks agreed to a moratorium until November 2005 but on the basis that
the plaintiff was able to utilise or draw down on each bank’s facilities only
as much as it repaid that bank under maturing trust receipts. Consequently,
from July to November 2005 (the moratorium period), the plaintiff was unable
to conduct its business with the eight bankers in the usual manner. Instead,
the plaintiff had to repay a dollar in order to utilise a dollar of the
facilities, while trying to ensure that the trust receipts were not overdue.

13 Subsequent to the moratorium period, BOT, CTB, CHB and CB terminated their
facilities and recalled loans granted to the plaintiff. Thus the plaintiff’s
credit facilities were further reduced to US$6.95m. The remaining bankers,
DBS, UOB, SCB and UFJ, normalised their banking relationship with the
plaintiff in December 2005. The severe reduction of credit facilities by
US$5.1m (from US$12.05m to US$6.95m) caused the plaintiff to suffer a loss of
business opportunities.

14 The trial judge held the defendants liable, _inter alia_ , for conspiracy
to injure the plaintiff and unlawful interference in the plaintiff’s business
thereby causing loss and damage to the plaintiff. In particular:

(a) the first defendant had failed to take reasonable steps to clarify with
the plaintiff’s bankers the rumours pertaining to Lin;

(b) the first defendant had caused rumours to be passed to the bankers, which
shook the bankers’ confidence in the plaintiff;

(c) the first defendant made misrepresentations to UOB about the plaintiff;
and

(d) the first defendant restricted the cash flow of the plaintiff by refusing
to sign or accept offers of credit from the plaintiff’s bankers.

Methodology

15 The task of the plaintiff’s expert, Chee, was to determine how much
revenue/profit was lost as a result of the termination of the banking
facilities. The intricacies of the methodology employed need not be described
in detail as the experts on both sides agreed that the methodology was
appropriate. However, they differed on the inputs to be used in the
application of such methodology, in particular:

(a) the “quantification period” for the computation of damages (_ie_ , the
period of time which the plaintiff would reasonably have required to obtain
new credit facilities to make up for those which had been terminated as a
result of the defendants’ wrongful acts); and

(b) the gross profit margin (“GPM”) which would have been derived from usage
of the credit facilities had they not been terminated.

16 The plaintiff’s historical percentage usage of credit facilities worked out
to be 74.2%. Applying that historical rate of usage to the reduction in credit
facilities of US$5.1m, the amount of facilities that the plaintiff would
likely have used (“A”) out of the amount reduced would be 74.2% of US$5.1m.
Based on the plaintiff’s records, the tenor of the trust receipt facilities
offered by the banks ranged from 120 to 150 days. The historical average trust
receipt turnover (_ie_ , the average number of days taken to settle each trust
receipt in full) worked out to be 103 days. The total number of days in a year
divided by the average trust receipt turnover days yielded the number of times
(“B”) the plaintiff would have been able to turn over the facilities in a
year.

17 The product of A and B (_ie_ , A x B) yielded an estimate of the value of
additional purchases that the plaintiff could have made in a year had the
credit facilities of US$5.1m not been terminated.

18 The gross profit of the plaintiff for each of the financial years 2003
through 2006 was then ascertained from the audited financial statements using
the formula:

Gross Profit = Revenue – Cost of sales.

The GPM was then obtained by dividing the Gross Profit by the revenue. After
some adjustment for consistency to take into account an accounting change in
the classification of “carriage outwards” (_ie_ , freight charges), the
historical GPM for the financial years 2003 through 2006 were as follows:

|  **FY 2003** |  **FY 2004** |  **FY 2005** |  **FY 2006**  
---|---|---|---|---  
GPM |  19% |  14.3% |  10.5% |  15.5%  
  
  

Chee used the figure of 15.5% in his computations.

19 To determine the increase in revenue from additional sales had the banking
facilities not been cancelled, the potential additional purchases were re-
grossed using the GPM of 15.5% following the formula:

![](data:image/png;base64,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)

The GPM was then applied to the increase in revenue to arrive at the increase
in gross profit. Finally, an adjustment was made to the profit estimate by
deducting variable expenses that would have increased with the increase in
sales but were not included under the cost of sales.

20 The resultant figure represented the additional revenue/profit that the
plaintiff would have obtained in a year had the credit facilities not been
reduced. The plaintiff’s loss of revenue/profit was then worked out depending
on how long it ought reasonably to have taken the plaintiff to obtain new
credit facilities to make up for those which had been terminated.

The plaintiff’s appeal

21 As stated earlier, item (d) was the only head of claim that the plaintiff
appealed against. The first ground of appeal was that the AR had incorrectly
applied a discount for income tax with respect to the damages awarded for
2005. I agreed with the plaintiff’s counsel that as the plaintiff would have
made a net loss in 2005, even with the benefit of the award, no discount for
income tax ought to have been applied to the damages for 2005.

22 Next, the plaintiff contended that the “quantification period” allowed by
the AR for the computation of damages was too short. This was the period which
the plaintiff would reasonably have required to obtain new credit facilities
to make up for those banking facilities which had been terminated as a result
of the defendants’ wrongful acts. Obviously, the longer the quantification
period, the greater the damages would be.

23 The plaintiff’s expert was of the view that the quantification period
should be from October 2005 to December 2006 while the defendants’ expert was
of the view that it should be for only three months commencing 1 December 2005
to end February 2006. The AR held that the plaintiff should have found its
feet within six months from the dismissal of the defendants.

24 Counsel for the plaintiff made three main points in support of the longer
period of 15 months from October 2005 to December 2006. First, he pointed out
that the Special Accountant was still in place as required by DBS right up to
early 2007. Second, the trial judge had allowed interest in respect of the
professional fees of the Special Accountant for the period July 2005 to
December 2006. That, according to the plaintiff’s counsel, clearly indicated
that it was necessary for the Special Accountant to be in place until the end
of 2006. He went further to conclude that the banks were right to be concerned
about the financial position of the plaintiff and that the Special Accountant
was rightly in place till 2006. Third, the plaintiff’s counsel submitted that
with the continued appointment of the Special Accountant, it was not
reasonable to expect the plaintiff to find new bankers. Moreover, it was a
little “rich” for the defendants to place the plaintiff in a position that the
latter should never have been in and then argue that the plaintiff could have
done better. (I should immediately say that this last point, though attractive
at first blush, sounded like an argument against the duty to mitigate damages.
That cannot be right.)

25 Counsel for the defendants argued that the plaintiff’s revenue loss was not
caused by the reduction/termination of credit facilities but by the collapse
in fish prices. He went so far as to suggest that if the plaintiff had been
able to enjoy the same level of credit facilities as before the
reduction/termination and had bought more fish, it would probably have
incurred greater loss in the second half of 2005. Obviously, this was pure
conjecture and he was unable to back it up.

26 Counsel for the defendants also argued that the evidence showed that the
plaintiff had done woefully little to secure new facilities, apart from
approaching three banks following the defendants’ dismissal. With respect to
two of the banks (_viz_ , OCBC and RHB), there was no follow up at all.
Counsel for the defendants further pointed out that not only did the plaintiff
fail to secure fresh facilities, it was so inept that it further lost
facilities in subsequent years.

27 On the quantification period, counsel for the defendants argued that as the
dismissal took place on 11 July 2005, the six-month period allowed by the AR
commencing on that date should end on 11 January 2006 and not at the end of
February 2006.

28 I was inclined to share the AR’s view that six months was reasonably
sufficient for the plaintiff to have secured new credit facilities to make up
for those which had been terminated but was of the view that the six-month
period should be from November 2005 when the facilities were terminated. The
plaintiff’s failure to obtain new credit facilities appeared to have been due
to a lack of serious effort on its part. I did not think that just because, as
trial judge, I had allowed interest on the Special Accountant’s professional
fees for the period July 2005 to December 2006, I necessarily had to agree
that the plaintiff ought to be allowed time up to December 2006 to find new
credit facilities. Rightly or wrongly, DBS had required the Special Accountant
to remain until December 2006. The plaintiff had little choice but to comply.
In those circumstances, it was therefore right to allow the plaintiff interest
on the fees it incurred _vis-a-vis_ the Special Accountant.

29 In the face of the defendants’ submissions arguing for a shorter
quantification period than that sought by the plaintiff and my inclination to
agree therewith, the plaintiff’s counsel asked for at least a period of six
months from November 2005 to April 2006, on the basis that the termination of
facilities took place in November 2005 and not on 11 July 2005 when the
defendants were dismissed. The plaintiff’s counsel later asked that the period
be from October 2005 to April 2006 but this was met with objection from the
defendants’ counsel who pointed out that the period the plaintiff’s counsel
had earlier asked for was six months and not seven. I accordingly allowed six
months (from November 2005 to April 2006).

30 Another area of contention was the GPM to be applied. The AR had accepted
the plaintiff’s expert, Chee’s adoption of a GPM of 15.5%. The defendants’
counsel pointed out (without demurrer by the plaintiff’s counsel) that the
historical GPM was not 15.5%. I accepted that the average GPM based on figures
in Chee’s report (at para 8.2.6) was 14.825% (_ie_ , 19% + 14.3% + 10.5%
+15.5% divided by 4). Accordingly, I allowed a GPM of 14.825% to be used in
the computation of the loss of revenue.

Loss from overstocking “mahi mahi”

31 Before the AR, the plaintiff claimed S$513,000 as the loss suffered due to
the deliberate failure of the defendants, in the face of a falling market, to
sell the overstocked mahi mahi in CCUSA from 1 May 2005 despite clear
instructions from Lin, Chairman of the plaintiff company, to do so even if it
was at a loss. The defendants contended, _inter alia_ , that:

(a) the overstocking of mahi mahi in CCUSA had to be excluded from the
assessment of damages as the overstock resulted from purchase of mahi mahi
made prior to 1 May 2005;

(b) it was unreasonable to expect the defendants to sell the whole mahi mahi
stock within days or even a month;

(c) the period of assessment ought to end on 11 July 2005 when the defendants
were dismissed since they could no longer sell the mahi mahi thereafter.

32 The AR emphasised that the Court of Appeal did not overturn the trial
judge’s findings of fact – that the defendants’ failure to heed Lin’s
instructions resulted in the overstocking of mahi mahi and that Lin was
prepared to sell the mahi mahi even at a loss. The Court of Appeal, however,
had ordered that the inquiry into damages to be assessed was to be confined to
the acts of the defendants from 1 May 2005 onwards. The defendants were
instructed to sell the stock of mahi mahi in November 2004, but they were only
liable for their failure to sell mahi mahi from 1 May 2005. Given that the
purchases of mahi mahi which led to the overstocking were made by the
defendants in 2004 (there being none in 2005), this in effect meant that the
defendants were liable only for disregarding Lin’s instructions to sell and
not for the overstocking _per se_.

33 The defendants contended that only the period from 1 May 2005 to 11 July
2005 ought to be taken into account in quantifying the loss since after 11
July 2005 the defendants, being no longer in the plaintiff’s employ, could not
possibly sell any of the mahi mahi stock. The question therefore was how much
the defendants could have sold during that period. This was rejected by the
learned AR. In her view, the defendants had committed serious breaches and it
was absurd for them to be able to rely on their termination which had arisen
out of their egregious breaches to argue that they ought only be liable for
losses incurred up to 11 July 2005.

34 The plaintiff, on its part, contended that the defendants should be liable
for the difference between the price in May 2005 and the actual prices at
which the plaintiff eventually sold the entire stock over a period of 14
months from July 2005 to August 2006.

35 The AR decided that it was reasonable to expect the plaintiff to have sold
the entire stock of mahi mahi by December 2005. On that basis, the loss from
the delayed sale of the entire stock of mahi mahi was computed from the
difference in price between May 2005 and December 2005 as quoted by Umer Barry
Publications. This yielded a figure of US$190,547.20.

36 In my view, the defendants should be liable only for failing to sell what
they reasonably could have sold during the period 1 May 2005 to 11 July 2005
(when they were dismissed), a period of two months and 11 days. This is
because, consistent with the Court of Appeal’s direction, the defendants are
not to be made liable for overstocking _per se_. Therefore, whatever could not
reasonably have been sold within that period of two months and 11 days would
no longer be the concern of the defendants.

37 As for the quantity they could have sold, I decided that the fairest way
was to make the assumption that the defendants could have sold within that
period (from 1 May 2005 to 11 July 2005) as much as the plaintiff did sell
within a similar duration of two months and 11 days commencing 12 July 2005
(the day after termination of the defendants’ employment). Unfortunately for
the plaintiff, as it turned out, the plaintiff had sold little during that
period.

38 On that basis, counsel for the parties worked out the damages for mahi mahi
to be US$16,016 which was equivalent to S$24,184.16 at the agreed exchange
rate of S$1.51 to US$1.

39 I made no order as to costs in the appeals.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 11 Jul 2011 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

