Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Public Prosecutor _v_ Luo Faming  
[2011] SGHC 238

Case Number| :| Criminal Case No 51 of 2009  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 02 November 2011  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Lee Seiu Kin J  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Amarjit Singh, John Lu and Sharon Lim (Attorney-General's
Chambers) for the public prosecutor; Anand Nalachandran, Jansen Lim Teck Yang
and Nurul Asyikin Binte Mohamed Razali (ATMD Bird & Bird LLP) for the accused.  
Parties| :|  Public Prosecutor — Luo Faming  
  
2 November 2011|  
---|---  
  
Lee Seiu Kin J:

Introduction

1 The accused person, Luo Faming (“Luo”), pleaded guilty to and was convicted
of a charge of culpable homicide not amounting to murder punishable under s
304(_a_) of the Penal Code (Cap 224, Rev Ed 1985) (“the offence”). I did not
agree with the submission of the learned deputy, Mr Amarjit Singh (“Mr
Singh”), that the facts justified life imprisonment, and sentenced Luo to 18
years’ imprisonment. Luo also faced a second charge under s 308 of the Penal
Code to which he also pleaded guilty, and in respect of which I sentenced him
to 6 years’ imprisonment. I ordered both sentences to run consecutively, which
meant a total sentence of 24 years’ imprisonment. The Public Prosecutor has
appealed against the sentence of 18 years’ imprisonment for the offence and I
now set out the reasons for my decision.

Background

2 Luo was employed as a production technician in a printing company (“the
Company”) prior to his arrest. He was a colleague of the deceased, Gong Hui
Long (“Gong”). Both of them were Chinese nationals who arrived in Singapore at
the end of February 2007. Luo was assigned to do laminating work while Gong
was assigned to do printing work. Both worked under the same supervisor, Ng
Sin Lai (“Ng”), a 57 year old woman who had worked for the Company for more
than 30 years.

3 Luo and Gong lived in a flat at Henderson Road (“the flat”) with six to
eight other Chinese nationals. At first they slept in the same room. But in
June 2007 they had some conflict at work and their relationship soured. From
February 2008, they slept in different rooms in the flat. Sometime in May
2008, the Company assigned more overtime work to Gong because of his ability
to do both the laminating and printing work and his general efficiency.
Overtime was important as it resulted in significant increase in earnings and
Luo was unhappy that Gong was assigned more overtime work than him. At that
time Luo needed to send money home to construct a new house. Luo also claimed
that the managing director of the Company, Suh Luan Tseng @ Chan Yah Loh
(“Suh”), frequently scolded him for trivial mistakes which he committed. He
felt that his supervisor, Ng, disliked him and allotted him less overtime work
than Gong. He felt he was treated unfairly by Ng and Suh.

4 On 3 September 2008 at about 5.00pm, Gong and Luo were both working overtime
when they had a dispute which led to a quarrel and a scuffle. Ng intervened.
She called another worker to break up the scuffle and reported the matter to
Suh. Luo said he tried to give his version of events but Suh scolded him and
threatened to cancel his work permit and repatriate him to China if he
persisted in arguing. Luo decided to keep quiet since he felt that both Suh
and Ng were favouring Gong. Luo stated that he then tried to apply for two
days’ leave to cool down but this application was turned down. He left the
Company’s premises, forgoing the overtime work he was assigned that evening.

5 As Luo left the Company’s premises, he said that he felt miserable and
formed the intention of taking revenge by killing Gong, Ng and Suh. Later that
evening, Luo met his brother-in-law, Tan Long Xiang, and a few friends and had
dinner and drinks with them near the flat. He wanted to repay some loans he
had taken from two of his friends. Luo told Tan Long Xiang and his friends
about his problems at work and about wanting to take revenge. But he did not
say how he planned to do so. They tried to dissuade him from acting
impulsively, and he pretended to accept their advice in order to get them to
leave him alone.

6 Later that night, Luo returned to the flat and told some of his flatmates
that he intended to return to China. He also sought the return of his rental
deposit from his landlady. Luo stated that he did not sleep that night and was
continuously thinking about how to take revenge on Gong, Ng and Suh. He
decided to kill Gong in the flat before killing Ng on the Company’s premises.
He then realised he would not be able to kill Suh since Suh would only be in
the office after 9.00am. Hence, he planned to damage all the equipment in the
Company.

7 Shortly after 6.30am on 4 September 2008, Luo went to the flat’s kitchen and
took a knife with a 20cm long blade. He went to Gong’s room where the latter
was sleeping in his bed. Luo covered Gong’s mouth with his left hand and
stabbed Gong several times in the chest area with the knife. He continued to
stab Gong even after Gong got up and tried to struggle. After a while, a
flatmate who saw Luo stabbing Gong shouted to Luo to stop. Luo ran out of the
room. He grabbed his bag which contained some clothes and ran out of the flat.

8 Luo headed to the Company’s premises at Block 203A Henderson Road #06-04 on
foot. There was nobody present when he arrived. He took a hammer and smashed
some of the printing machines and computers of the Company. Next, he took a
tin of thinner, punched a hole in it and allowed the liquid to flow to the
floor. He then held the hammer in his hand and waited for Ng. She reached the
premises at around 7.15am and upon seeing Luo, approached him and remarked
that he was early. Luo did not reply but grabbed Ng and pulled her towards
him. He used the hammer to hit her head. Ng struggled to free herself but to
no avail. Luo continued to hit Ng’s head with the hammer while saying to her
in Mandarin, “Go die”. Luo stopped when Ng lost consciousness and he saw blood
on her.

9 Luo then set fire to the premises by using a lighter he had in his pocket to
light the thinner he had spilt on the floor. He also set fire to some of the
computers and documents in the premises before he left, with Ng still
unconscious on the floor.

10 The fire triggered off the sprinkler system and the jets of water roused
Ng. She managed to stumble out of the premises and sought help from the
security post at the ground level. She was conveyed to the hospital with
multiple scalp lacerations and other injuries but did not suffer any fracture.

11 After leaving the Company’s premises, Luo made his way to the roof of the
building at level 12. He sat on the parapet of the rooftop and telephoned his
family in China. He told them that he had killed someone and asked them to
take care of his children. He also called one Tan Chuan Chuan in Singapore and
told him that he had “got rid” of two persons. The police soon arrived and
arrested Luo.

12 After his arrest, Luo was examined by three psychiatrists. For present
purposes, only the evidence of Dr Tommy Tan (“Dr Tan”) of Tommy Tan
Psychiatric Clinic, the defence’s expert, and Dr Stephen Phang (“Dr Phang”)
Senior Consultant Psychiatrist at the Institute of Mental Health (“IMH”), the
prosecution’s expert, were relevant. They are analysed below.

Were there any aggravating factors which justify a sentence of life
imprisonment?

13 Mr Singh submitted that there were three aggravating factors. First, Gong
suffered an unprovoked attack which led to his death. Secondly, the act of
killing was premeditated and deliberate. Thirdly, Gong was a “vulnerable”
victim. Described in this manner, the factors are aggravating indeed. However,
I did not agree that it was accurate to describe this case in those terms.

14 It was an unprovoked attack in the sense that Gong was asleep at the time.
However we must be mindful of the context, that is, the series of the events
leading to the killing. Luo came to Singapore solely to earn money to send to
his family in China and to build a house there. In the months preceding the
offences, he laboured under the belief that Gong had betrayed his trust and
had maligned him before Ng and Suh. He perceived his superiors to be unfairly
favouring Gong. He regularly lost out to Gong for overtime work. He was placed
under immense financial pressure to provide for his family. One day before he
killed Gong, Luo had an altercation with Gong concerning overtime work which
proved to be the last straw. Both of his superiors were involved, and they
took Gong’s side. Suh refused to hear Luo out, scolded him and threatened to
sack him. He left the scene thinking that he had to return to this oppressive
work environment soon, since his leave application was turned down.

15 In his hopelessness and misery, Luo formed the notion of retaliating
against the perceived sources of his hardship and then committing suicide.
Even after he had dinner with his friends and kin and had returned home, the
day’s events continued to weigh heavily on his mind. He lay alone in the dark,
depressed and unable to sleep, and the obsession welled up in him to “take
revenge” on the people he felt were oppressing him. The flatmate who witnessed
part of the attack on Gong testified that Luo stabbed Gong “very quickly and
[at] almost a frenzied pace”.[note: 1] This cannot be described as pre-
meditation on the part of Luo. It was also undisputed that at the time of
committing the offence, Luo was suffering from an abnormality of mind, _viz_ a
major depressive disorder, which substantially impaired his mental
responsibility. Looked at from this angle, any “premeditation” on Luo’s part
was done with a diseased mind. Describing Gong who was asleep when he was
attacked as “vulnerable” again does not take into account Luo’s mental
impairment. There was no evidence that Luo had deliberately attacked Gong
while he was asleep to take advantage of his vulnerability in that state.
Luo’s emotional state was overwrought at the point that he decided to carry
out the attack. He did choose to execute it only when Gong was asleep and
vulnerable.

16 I must emphasise that Gong did nothing to justify his being killed. He only
had the misfortune to cross paths with Luo.

17 Luo had committed the offence while suffering from his mental illness which
substantially impaired his rationality and responsibility. There was therefore
no basis to impose a life imprisonment term from the point of view of
retribution. Neither was it justified from the point of view of general or
specific deterrence because a person who suffers from a sufficiently serious
abnormality of mind is unable to consider the legal consequences of his
actions.

18 Counsel for Luo, Mr Anand Nalachandran (“Mr Nalachandran”), highlighted
several mitigating factors which I had accepted. After his arrest, Luo
cooperated fully with the police and admitted his role in the entire matter
from the outset and had shown remorse. When Luo came to this country he only
had plans to work hard and save money to raise his family. He also had no
antecedents.

19 Offences under s 304(_a_) of the Penal Code are usually violent but there
was no sadistic feature in this case. I was of the view that it clearly does
not qualify as one of the “worst cases” deserving of the maximum sentence of
life imprisonment. However, the prosecution submitted that even if that were
the case, a life sentence could be justified on preventive grounds because the
facts satisfied the _Hodgson_ criteria.

The _Hodgson_ criteria

20 The Court of Appeal held in _PP v Aniza bte Essa_ (“ _Aniza bte Essa_ ”)
[2009] 3 SLR 327 that the _Hodgson_ criteria were an appropriate guide to
justify the sentence of life imprisonment for mentally unstable offenders who
satisfy the criteria. The Court stated (at [34]):

… The _Hodgson_ criteria fulfil two important functions. The first is that
they provide an alternative (_ie_ , alternative to the principle that the
highest punishment should only be reserved for the worst types of cases), and
equally principled, justification to impose life imprisonment when it is the
highest punishment prescribed for an offence on an offender (_ie_ , for the
protection of society). The second is that the _Hodgson_ criteria also provide
a useful guide to differentiate between when it is appropriate to sentence to
life imprisonment dangerous mentally unstable offenders who are a long-term
threat to society and when lesser sentences may be meted out to those who
suffer from a transient illness who can be rehabilitated and reintegrated into
society. They reflect a humane approach to the punishment of mentally unstable
offenders, without sacrificing the dominant objective of protecting the
community from the likelihood of similar re-offending. Mental illnesses come
in many forms and affect cognition and judgment in different degrees – some
illnesses are genetic in origin, and some are situation-specific; some need
long-term treatment or are not susceptible to treatment, whereas others are
treatable. We need to consider, from a penal point of view, what public policy
considerations justify keeping mentally unstable offenders in prison for life
if it is not necessary to do so in order to protect the public. The only other
justification is the need to punish them on the basis of retribution and/or
deterrence. But, retribution involves the consideration of the proportionality
principle which conflicts with the principle of public protection, and …
deterrence is not apposite for mentally unstable offenders …

21 The paragraph quoted above encapsulates the principle of punishment in
relation to mentally unstable offenders who have committed serious crimes,
that is, “as long as they pose a serious danger to the public at large, they
must not remain at large and must be kept in prison or a mental hospital until
they are safe to be released back to society”: _Aniza bte Essa_ at [14]. It
identifies the principle of prevention as what underpins the _Hodgson_
criteria. It also expressly acknowledges that a mentally unstable offender may
be subjected to a disproportionate sentence, over and above that which befits
a mentally stable offender who commits the same offence under the same
external circumstances, because the preventive principle would not have
applied to that mentally stable offender.

22 A life sentence is at stake when the _Hodgson_ criteria are invoked. This
entails the convicted offender being imprisoned for an initial period of 20
years, and thereafter until such time as he is released (with or without
conditions) pursuant to a Life Imprisonment Review Board’s decision (see reg
125 of the Prisons Regulations (Cap 247, Rg 2, 2002 Rev Ed)). Because this
review process is beyond the Court’s purview, the Court must treat a life
sentence as an indeterminate one which may extend to the whole of the
offender’s life.

23 The _Hodgson_ criteria justifies a sentence of life imprisonment under the
following circumstances (_R v Rowland Jack Forster Hodgson_ (1968) 52 Cr App R
113 at 114):

(1) where the offence or offences are in themselves grave enough to require a
very long sentence; (2) where it appears from the nature of the offences or
from the defendant’s history that he is a person of unstable character likely
to commit such offences in the future; and (3) where if the offences are
committed the consequences to others may be specially injurious, as in the
case of sexual offences or crimes of violence.

24 The first criterion is the commission of a serious offence sufficiently
grave to warrant a long term of imprisonment. That requirement is satisfied in
Luo’s case. There is no doubt that the third criterion is also satisfied as a
life was lost and another almost lost.

25 It is the second criterion which presents some difficulty. Unlike
preventive detention under the Criminal Procedure Code (Cap 68, 1985 Rev Ed),
the _Hodgson_ criteria are not a legislative construct. Parliament had
stipulated objective standards by which an offender is judged to be at a
suitably high risk of re-offending such that preventive detention should be
invoked unless there are special reasons not to do so. Conversely, two sub-
issues within the second _Hodgson_ criterion – (a) what is the likelihood of
recidivism for an individual offender (which is a question of fact) and (b)
whether this probability satisfies the standard imposed by the criterion
(which is a value judgment) – both fall to be decided by the Court.

26 Two related points arise. The first is empirical in nature. The risk of re-
offending which confronts the Court is one which is contingent and very far in
the future. Where offences prescribing a life imprisonment sentence as a
possible punishment are involved, the alternative punishment is usually a long
period of imprisonment of up to 20 years. Hence, this risk would materialise
only much later even if the more lenient fixed sentence had been imposed. It
would only materialise after the offender’s deserved term of sentence for his
current offence has expired and only if he remains dangerous.

27 The second point is that a judge’s legal training provides him with no
special skills in forecasting, and he may therefore be tempted to rely simply
on the fact of the offender having been convicted of a violent crime, without
further inquiry into his present condition. Of course, the latter mistake may
appear to be easily avoided by requiring the submission of psychiatric
reports. But the utility of psychiatric evidence, which includes testimony
from psychiatrists who had examined the offender, cannot be overstated. Whilst
these evidence typically address the issue of the offender’s present condition
capably, and therefore his present propensity for violence, it would only be
in clear cases that a psychiatrist would confidently be able to pronounce on
an offender’s condition one or two decades into the future.

28 Professor Andrew Ashworth (“Prof Ashworth”) records in his recent edition
of _Sentencing and Criminal Justice_ (Cambridge University Press, 5th Ed,
2010) at pp 235-236, that the difficulties of predicting whether a particular
person will constitute a danger to others are well documented in
criminological literature. He cited an influential study carried out by Jean
Floud and Warren Young in England (_Dangerousness and Criminal Justice_
(Heinemann, 1981)) (“The Floud Report”) that revealed that no method of
prediction had managed to do better than predicting one false positive for
every true positive, _ie_ there is only a fifty percent success rate in
predicting recidivism of serious crimes. The Floud Report also confirmed that
actuarial methods of prediction, based on selected objective characteristics
of the offender, were generally more reliable than clinical predictions, based
on the judgment of experienced diagnosticians - a significant finding since
judges naturally respect the judgments of experienced psychiatrists, despite
this evidence of fallibility. Prof Ashworth also notes that empirical studies
of predictions of serious harm by mentally unstable offenders illustrate that
these predictions do not have a high rate of success.

29 It is therefore clear that many crucial problems which underlie the
relationship between mental disorders and re-offending of a serious crime
remain unanswered, and we have up to this time operated upon implicit and
intuitive assumptions which may be mistaken. The probable existence of a
significant rate of false positives raises serious questions about the justice
of predictive sentencing. A mentally unstable offender’s liberty should not be
lost merely because some people like him will offend again, and we wrongly
specify which of them will actually do so. Hence, until more empirical
research is available, it will be necessary for the Court to exercise caution
in making such predictive finding and to do so only when the evidence is
compelling.

30 The question then is: what is the degree of likelihood of re-offending that
the second _Hodgson_ criterion demands? It has been held that in sentencing a
mentally unstable offender who had committed a violent crime “ _the paramount
consideration has to be the safety and security of the community_ ” (emphasis
in original) (_PP v Lim Ah Liang_ [2007] SGHC 34 at [2]  _per_ V K Rajah J)
and the “dominant objective” is to protect the community from the likelihood
of re-offending (_Aniza bte Essa_ at [34]). It is granted that the state has a
duty to take reasonable steps to prevent crime. That duty, however, is subject
to moral constraints on how the state may carry out this crime-prevention
role, and unfair treatment of (_ie_ unjustifiably imposing a disproportionate
sentence on) convicted offenders will breach these constraints. Hence, those
judicial statements should not be taken to mean that judges, to whom this duty
is delegated, must act overzealously and to err in favour of finding any
eligible mentally unstable offender suitable for a term of life imprisonment.
They should instead be read as an injunction to carefully examine the balance
to be struck between the rights of a known offender and the interests of
society to be protected from a predicted offence, and on which side of the
balance the facts of a particular case come down on.

Evidence of the psychiatrists

31 I turn to consider the evidence of the psychiatrists. Dr Sim Kang (“Dr
Sim”), Consultant Psychiatrist at the IMH was the first to attend to Luo. Dr
Sim examined him on three occasions in September 2009 and made a report on 29
September 2009. He diagnosed Luo to be suffering from reactive depression
(F32, ICD-10) at the material time. However this did not amount to an
abnormality of mind which would have impaired his responsibility for his
actions. The second was Dr Tan; he examined Luo on 20 October and 23 December
2009 and produced a report dated 4 January 2010. Dr Tan opined that Luo was
suffering from moderate depressive disorder (F32.1, ICD-10) or major
depressive disorder, single episode (296.22 DSM IV-TR) at the time of the
offence which was, in his view, an abnormality of mind that had substantially
impaired his mental responsibility. In view of Dr Tan’s differing opinion, the
prosecution obtained a third opinion from Dr Phang. Dr Phang examined Luo on
four occasions in July and August 2010. He also perused Luo’s past psychiatric
records as well as obtained clinical observations of the nursing staff of the
Changi Prison Complex Medical Centre and interviewed Luo’s brother-in-law,
colleagues, friends and ex-supervisor. Dr Phang diagnosed Luo to be suffering
from major depressive disorder, single episode, moderate to severe, without
psychotic features (296.2x DSM IV-TR) at the material time which substantially
impaired his mental responsibility for the offence.

32 In his report dated 26 October 2010, Dr Phang stated that Luo had a “pre-
morbid personality” and “exhibited a consistent tendency towards a low
threshold for the discharge of aggression, has low frustration tolerance, and
is hardly, by all accounts, an amicable individual”.[note: 2] Dr Phang found
that Luo “has already manifested an abundance of maladaptive conduct, in
response to perceived slights from others. The advent of his mental illness in
the instant case has further contributed to, or augmented the magnitude of his
maladaptive behavioural responses, with palpably tragic consequences. It is
therefore not inconceivable that the accused may well respond to future
offences/slights in a not dissimilar manner.”[note: 3] Dr Phang also testified
in court that there was a likelihood that if Luo were released he would commit
a violent offence in future.[note: 4] But Dr Phang was not asked to opine on
what the _degree_ of this likelihood would be ten to twenty years into the
future. Dr Phang interviewed people whom had dealt with Luo before, and after
taking into account what they told him, he found Luo to be a person of
unstable character[note: 5] and was impulsive.

33 However, the history of impulsive and violent behaviour which Dr Phang
relied upon was substantially challenged by Mr Nalachandran. Dr Phang’s
interviews turned up the following incidents:

(a) Tan Long Xiang (Luo’s brother-in-law) claimed Luo had thrown his three
year-old child into a pond in winter in China;

(b) Tan Long Xiang claimed Luo nearly assaulted an ex-employer when he
perceived the latter was unfair to him;

(c) Tan Chuan Chuan (a friend of Luo’s) claimed Luo tried to strangle his son
after quarrelling with his in-laws; and

(d) Kwong Peng Hong (an ex-colleague of Luo’s) claimed Luo knelt and offered
him a tearful apology for no apparent reason.

34 Under cross-examination, Dr Phang conceded that these accounts were one-
sided in that he never sought Luo’s version of the events and they were
uncorroborated. The incidents that Tan Long Xiang related were also hearsay as
he had not witnessed them personally. Mr Nalachandran submitted that Luo in
fact either had reasonable explanations for, or disputes, these incidents. For
example, Luo asserted that he had never tried to strangle his son.

35 Dr Phang, however, then testified that his finding of Luo’s unstable
personality was based “primarily” on his own clinical observations of Luo when
he was examining Luo at great length, and those interviews were merely
confirmatory.[note: 6] But what was accepted was that at the time Dr Phang
made his clinical observations, Luo had been remanded for two years. He was
suffering from depression and had not received any form of treatment. He was
also facing the death penalty. In these circumstances, the predictive value of
Dr Phang’s clinical observations cannot be determinative. Apart from the
contrary diagnosis of Dr Tan, there was an important objective factor which
supported the defence’s contention that Luo was not of an unstable
personality, _ie_ the fact that Luo was able to cope at his previous jobs in
China for many years.[note: 7]

36 Additionally, the psychiatric evidence adduced by the prosecution could not
satisfactorily establish that it is highly unlikely that Luo would recover
from his mental illness. This is significant because the major depressive
episode he suffered at the material time was partially a cause of the offence.
If it could be treated or kept under control, he would not pose any
significant risk of causing grievous harm in future. Both Dr Phang and Dr Tan
agreed that Luo would require at least two years of treatment but were unable
to categorically state Luo’s chances of complete recovery. Dr Phang, however,
was willing to put Luo’s chances of recovery at about one-third.[note: 8]

37 I was not satisfied that the psychiatric evidence was sufficient to place
Luo within the second _Hodgson_ criterion. In particular I could not
confidently conclude that Luo is likely to commit such offences upon his
release. With a total sentence of 24 years, Luo will remain in prison for at
least 16 years and while there, will be able to undergo treatment for his
illness. The psychiatrists have opined that he has a chance of recovery which
I considered significant. Therefore, I could see no basis for condemning him
to imprisonment for the remainder of his life.

* * *

[note: 1]Notes of Evidence (“NE”) Day 1, pg 37, lines 12 to 13.

[note: 2]Para 7 of Dr Phang’s report dated 26 October 2010.

[note: 3]Para 9 of Dr Phang’s report dated 26 October 2010.

[note: 4]NE Day 5, pg 25, lines 16-22.

[note: 5]NE Day 5, pg 29, lines 11-14; NE Day 5, pg 34, lines 20-21.

[note: 6]NE Day 5, pg 63, lines 22-28.

[note: 7]NE Day 5, pg 66, line 29 – pg 67, line 28.

[note: 8]Para 12 of Dr Phang’s report dated 26 October 2010.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 02 Nov 2011 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

