Case Summary Summary Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments
Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Shadrake Alan _v_ Attorney-General  
[2011] SGCA 26

Case Number| :| Civil Appeal No 212 of 2010  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 27 May 2011  
Tribunal/Court| :| Court of Appeal  
Coram| :|  Andrew Phang Boon Leong JA; Lai Siu Chiu J; Philip Pillai J  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Ravi s/o Madasamy (LF Violet Netto) for the appellant;
David Chong Gek Sian SC and Lim Sai Nei (Attorney-General's Chambers) for the
respondent.  
Parties| :|  Shadrake Alan — Attorney-General  
  
[LawNet Editorial Note: The decisions from which this appeal arose are
reported at [2011] 2 SLR 445 and [2011] 2 SLR 506.]

27 May 2011| Judgment reserved.  
---|---  
  
Andrew Phang Boon Leong JA (delivering the judgment of the court):

Introduction

1 This is an appeal against the decisions of the trial judge (“the Judge”) in
_Attorney-General v Shadrake Alan_ [2011] 2 SLR 445 (“ _Shadrake 1_ ”) and
_Attorney-General v Shadrake Alan_ [2011] 2 SLR 506 (“ _Shadrake 2_ ”). In
_Shadrake 1_ , the Judge found Mr Alan Shadrake (“the Appellant”) in contempt
of court for eleven of the fourteen impugned statements. In _Shadrake 2_ , the
Judge sentenced the Appellant to six weeks’ imprisonment and a fine of $20,000
(in default of which, two weeks’ imprisonment, to run consecutively to the
first term of imprisonment).

2 The present appeal raises – in some instances for the very first time before
this court – important issues relating to the law of contempt which will need
to be clarified before the relevant principles are applied to the facts.
Foremost amongst these issues are the fundamental ones relating to the _test
for liability_ for contempt of court on the ground of scandalising the
judiciary (“scandalising contempt”) as well as what the Judge characterised as
the _defences_ to scandalising contempt.

The factual background

3 This case arose from an application by the Attorney-General (“the
Respondent”) to commit the Appellant, the author of _Once a Jolly Hangman:
Singapore Justice in the Dock_ (Strategic Information and Research Development
Centre, 2010) (“the book”), for contempt of court in relation to certain
passages contained in the book.

The decision below

The decision on liability

4 In the court below, the Judge first undertook an extensive and comprehensive
survey of the Singapore and Commonwealth case law on the applicable test for
liability for scandalising contempt.

5 In the result, the Judge departed from previous decisions of the Singapore
High Court with regard to the test for the _actus reus_ in cases of
scandalising contempt. The Judge did so in holding that the “real risk” test
(_viz_ , that the impugned statement must pose a real risk of undermining
public confidence in the administration of justice before it is held to be
contemptuous), in contradistinction to the “inherent tendency” test, was to be
applied in Singapore (see _Shadrake 1_ at [50]).

6 In so far as the test for _mens rea_ was concerned, the Judge held that the
only _mens rea_ needed for finding liability was that the publication of the
allegedly contemptuous statement was intentional; it was not necessary to
prove an intention to undermine public confidence in the administration of
justice (see _Shadrake 1_ at [55]).

7 Turning to what the Judge characterised as the _defences_ to scandalising
contempt, the Judge considered that the defences of justification and fair
comment in the law of defamation were _not_ applicable (see _Shadrake 1_ at
[59]–[69]), although his position with regard to the defence of justification
was, with respect, unclear. The Judge was of the view that the only defence to
scandalising contempt was that of fair criticism (see _Shadrake 1_ at
[70]–[76]). According to the Judge, in order to raise a defence of fair
criticism, the alleged contemnor must be able to show some objective basis for
his contemptuous statements, the cogency of the rational basis required to
support his allegations increasing correspondingly with the seriousness of the
allegation made (see _Shadrake 1_ at [72]). The alleged contemnor must also be
able to show that the allegation was made in good faith, _viz_ , that the
alleged contemnor must genuinely believe in the truth of the criticism he made
(see _Shadrake 1_ at [73]). The Judge further held that the mere fact that the
criticism is in outspoken language does not mean that it should necessarily be
penalised (see _Shadrake 1_ at [75]). He also surmised that, contrary to
English case law and earlier Singapore cases, there should not be a limit on
the kind of criticisms which can be made against the court subject to the
above criteria being met (see _Shadrake 1_ at [76]). We pause to observe,
parenthetically, that the preferable approach might be to view the _concept_
of fair criticism as going towards liability rather than as an independent
defence – a point which we will deal with in more detail below (see generally
at [59]–[86]).

8 Applying the law to the facts, the Judge held that three of the statements
(_viz_ , the third, sixth and twelfth statements, reproduced respectively at
[92], [104] and [123] of _Shadrake 1_) did not amount to contempt, whilst the
remaining eleven statements were contemptuous and did not qualify for the
defence of fair criticism (see _Shadrake 1_ at [133]–[136]).

The decision on sentence

9 The Judge held that imprisonment would be the norm for the author of a
publication which scandalises the court (see _Shadrake 2_ at [26]). This is
because to constitute scandalising contempt, a statement must not only pose a
real risk of undermining public confidence in the administration of justice
but must also fall outside the ambit of fair criticism – the satisfaction of
these criteria _ipso facto_ making for a high degree of culpability (see
_Shadrake 2_ at [26]).

10 Taking into account the high level of the Appellant’s culpability,
including his stated intent to repeat his contempt by publishing an expanded
second edition of the book; previous sentencing precedents (which were on the
low end); the fact that the precise extent of the book’s circulation in
Singapore was unclear; the fact that the Appellant was not a person with a
credible and established reputation; and the desire to signal that the courts
have no interest in stifling legitimate debate on the death penalty and other
areas of the law, the Judge sentenced the Appellant to six weeks’ imprisonment
(see _Shadrake 2_ at [42]).

11 Further, to send a signal that those who hope to profit from controversy by
scandalising the court may expect to have their profits disgorged by a stiff
fine in addition to other punishment, the Judge imposed a $20,000 fine on the
Appellant, with two weeks’ imprisonment in default (see _Shadrake 2_ at [37]
and [43]).

The issues

12 The main issues are relatively straightforward and are encompassed within
the following three grounds of appeal relied upon by the Appellant:

(a) First, that the Judge had erred in his statement of the test for liability
for scandalising contempt. In this regard, the Appellant contends that whilst
the Judge correctly adopted the _label_ of a “real risk” test, he erred in
defining the _content_ of the said test;

(b) Second, that the Judge had erred in his interpretation of the passages
held to have given rise to the contempt; and

(c) Third, that the sentence meted out by the Judge was manifestly excessive.

13 We will proceed to deal with each of these issues _seriatim_. In dealing
with the first issue, we will address not only the test for liability for
scandalising contempt but also what the Judge characterised as the possible
defences to contempt. This particular issue relates, in substance, to the
applicable _legal principles_. The second issue involves the _application_ of
the relevant legal principles to the _facts_ of this case – in particular, the
impugned statements. At this point, _viz_ , the confluence of both law and
fact, we arrive at the most significant aspect of the present appeal, not
least because of the very real effect it will have on the result of the case
in general and the Appellant in particular. To this end, we will undertake an
analysis of each statement in relation to the relevant legal principles. The
third issue involves both the discussion of applicable legal principles in
relation to sentencing in the context of scandalising contempt, as well as the
application of those principles, if appropriate, to the facts of this case. We
use the phrase “if appropriate” because there is, of course, the _threshold_
issue of liability (which falls within the purview of the first and second
issues). Put simply, before we can even begin to consider the issue of
sentence, _liability_ for contempt on the part of the Appellant must first be
established (and it is important to note – and, indeed, it is axiomatic – that
such liability must be established by the Respondent _beyond a reasonable
doubt_). If no liability for contempt is established in the first place, then
the issue of sentence does not need to be considered. That is why we have left
the discussion of the legal principles relating to _sentence_ to the final
part of this judgment.

14 Let us now turn to consider the applicable legal principles relating to the
test for liability for scandalising contempt as well as what the Judge
characterised as the possible defences available.

The legal principles

Introduction

15 Although counsel for the Appellant, Mr M Ravi (“Mr Ravi”), focused on the
test for liability for scandalising contempt, we will also deal with the
possible defences thereto because they are (as we shall see) directly relevant
to the facts of the present appeal. As already mentioned, however (at [7]),
these possible defences, particularly fair criticism, may be better viewed as
going towards the issue of liability rather than constituting independent
defences as such (see also the detailed analysis below at [59]-[86]).

16 Before proceeding to deal with the applicable legal principles with respect
to liability for scandalising contempt, it would be appropriate to provide
some background on the law relating to contempt.

17 At the most general level, it should be noted that the law relating to
contempt of court operates against the broader legal canvass of the right to
freedom of speech that is embodied both within Article 14 of the Constitution
of the Republic of Singapore (1985 Rev Ed, 1999 Reprint) (“the Constitution”)
as well as the common law. The issue, in the final analysis, is one of
_balance_ : just as the law relating to contempt of court ought not to unduly
infringe the right to freedom of speech, by the same token, that right is not
an absolute one, for its untrammelled abuse would be a negation of the right
itself. Indeed, this last mentioned point is embodied in Art 14(2) of the
Constitution which provides that “Parliament may by law impose … restrictions
designed to … provide against contempt of court”. In this regard, the
Singapore Parliament has in fact provided the courts with the jurisdiction to
punish for contempt in s 7(1) of the Supreme Court of Judicature Act (Cap 322,
2007 Rev Ed) (see also the Singapore High Court decision of _Attorney-General
v Lingle_ [1995] 1 SLR(R) 199 (“ _Lingle_ ”) at [7]).

18 Not surprisingly, such an approach (from balance) is adopted in other
jurisdictions as well. In the Appeal Committee of the Court of Final Appeal
decision of _Wong Yeung Ng v Secretary for Justice_ [1999] 3 HKC 143 (“ _Wong
Yeung Ng (CFA)_ ”), for example, Litton PJ, delivering the judgment of the
majority, observed thus (at 147):

The constitutional right of free speech as contained in the Basic Law,
adopting the norms set out in the International Covenant on Civil and
Political Rights, is _not an absolute right_. _Every civilized community is
entitled to protect itself from malicious conduct aimed at undermining the due
administration of justice_. _It is an important aspect of the preservation of
the rule of law_. Where the contemnor _goes way beyond reasoned criticism of
the judicial system and acts in bad faith_ , as the applicant has done in this
case, _the guarantee of free speech cannot protect_ him from punishment.
[emphasis added]

19 Contemptuous acts are generally classified into two broad categories, _viz_
, contempt by _interference_ and contempt by _disobedience_ (see, _eg_ , _You
Xin v Public Prosecutor_ [2007] 4 SLR(R) 17 at [16] (“ _You Xin_ ”)). The
former category (_viz_ , contempt by interference) comprises a wide range of
matters such as: (1) disrupting the court process itself (_eg_ , contempt in
the face of the court, alternatively termed “ _ex facie_ contempt”); (2) acts
which risk prejudicing or interfering with particular legal proceedings (“
_sub judice_ contempt”); and (3) acts which interfere with the course of
justice as a continuing process (_eg_ , publications which “scandalise” the
court and retaliation against witnesses for having given evidence in
proceedings which are concluded) (see generally, _eg_ , _You Xin_ at [16] and
the Privy Council decision of _McLeod v St Aubyn_ [1899] AC 549 at 561). The
latter category (_viz_ , contempt by disobedience) consists in the
disobedience of court orders as well as the breach of undertakings given to
the court (_ibid_).

20 The present appeal relates to a charge of scandalising contempt which, as
noted in the preceding paragraph, falls within the first category, _viz_ ,
contempt by interference.

21 Finally, an important point should be emphasised. It is not new but is
nevertheless of vital importance because it undergirds the law relating to
contempt in general and scandalising contempt in particular. This relates to
the very _raison d’être_ of the law of contempt. It is trite that the law
relating to contempt of court is _not_ intended to protect the dignity of
judges. As Lord Atkin put it in the Privy Council decision of _Ambard v
Attorney-General for Trinidad and Tobago_ [1936] AC 322 at 335 (“ _Ambard_ ”),
“justice is not a cloistered virtue” but a public one. An act of scandalising
contempt is a public injury rather than a private tort, in so far as it
involves undermining public confidence in the administration of justice. In
the words of this court in _Pertamina Energy Trading Ltd v Karaha Bodas Co
LLC_ [2007] 2 SLR(R) 518 at [22] (“ _Pertamina Energy Trading_ ”):

It is imperative to note … that the doctrine of contempt of court is not
intended, in any manner or fashion whatsoever, to protect the dignity of the
judges as such; its purpose is more objective and is (more importantly) rooted
in the public interest. As Lord Morris of Borth-y-Gest put it in the House of
Lords decision of _Attorney-General v Times Newspapers Ltd_ [1974] AC 273 (at
302) (“ _Times Newspapers_ ”):

In an ordered community courts are established for the pacific settlement of
disputes and for the maintenance of law and order. In the general interests of
the community it is imperative that the authority of the courts should not be
imperilled and that recourse to them should not be subject to unjustifiable
interference. When such unjustifiable interference is suppressed _it is not
because those charged with the responsibilities of administering justice are
concerned for their own dignity: it is because the very structure of ordered
life is at risk if the recognised courts of the land are so flouted and their
authority wanes and is supplanted_.

[emphasis in original]

22 Put simply, the fundamental purpose underlying the law relating to contempt
of court in general and scandalising contempt in particular is _to ensure that
public confidence in the administration of justice is not undermined_. Indeed,
this fundamental purpose – which finds acceptance across all Commonwealth
jurisdictions - has been reiterated time and again in the Singapore context
(see, _eg_ , _Pertamina Energy Trading_ (cited in the preceding paragraph); as
well as the Singapore High Court decisions of _Attorney-General v Wong Hong
Toy_ [1983–1984] SLR(R) 34 at [26]; _Attorney-General v Zimmerman Fred and
others_ [1985–1986] SLR(R) 476 (“ _Zimmerman_ ”) at [9]; _Attorney-General v
Hertzberg Daniel_ [2009] 1 SLR(R) 1103 (“ _Hertzberg_ ”) at [20]; and
_Attorney-General v Tan Liang Joo John_ [2009] 2 SLR(R) 1132 (“ _Tan Liang Joo
John_ ”) at [11]).

23 We turn now to the test for liability for scandalising contempt, _viz_ ,
the _actus reus_ and _mens rea_ for the offence. As the _mens rea_ requirement
is well established, this judgment focuses instead on the _actus reus_. That
said, for the avoidance of doubt, the necessary _mens rea_ was succinctly and
rightly enunciated by the Judge as follows (see _Shadrake 1_ at [55]; see also
above at [6]):

There was no dispute that the only  _mens rea_ which is needed at common law
is that _the publication is intentional;_ and that it is not necessary to
prove an intention to undermine public confidence in the administration of
justice. If authority is needed it can be found in  _Radio Avon_ ( … ) at
232–234; _Ahnee_ ( … ) at 307; _Attorney-General for New South Wales v Mundey_
( … ) at 911–912. [emphasis added]

The test for liability for scandalising contempt

Introduction

24 Although there are two main tests for liability for scandalising contempt,
_viz_ the “real risk” test and the “inherent tendency” test, we note that Mr
Ravi has attempted to introduce (in substance at least) a third test (the
“clear and present danger” test).

The “real risk” test

(1) The test

25 The “real risk” test means precisely what it says – that, before a
statement can be held to be contemptuous, it must pose a real risk of
undermining public confidence in the administration of justice. As the Judge
correctly pointed out, a statement which only poses a remote possibility that
public confidence in the administration of justice would be undermined would
_not_ be held to be contemptuous (see _Shadrake 1_ at [51]).

26 The “real risk” test can in fact be traced back to the English decision of
_R v Duffy and others, ex parte Nash_ [1960] 2 QB 188 (“ _Nash_ ”), which
related to a situation of _sub judice_ contempt (see also above at [19]). In
that case, Lord Parker CJ held that the test was whether there “was … a _real
risk_ , as opposed to a remote possibility, that the article [in question] was
calculated to prejudice a fair hearing” (see _Nash_ at 200; emphasis added).
The “real risk” test was also applied in the House of Lords decision of
_Attorney-General v Times Newspapers Ltd_ [1974] AC 273 at 298–299 (“ _Times
Newspapers_ ”), where Lord Reid held that:

[the test pronounced by Lord Parker CJ in _Nash_ requiring] _a real risk, as
opposed to a remote possibility_ … [was an] … application of the ordinary de
minimis principle. There is no contempt if the possibility of influence is
remote. If there is some but only a small likelihood, that may influence the
court to refrain from inflicting any punishment. If there is a serious risk
some action may be necessary. [emphasis added]

27 With regard to the “real risk” test, the Judge observed as follows in the
court below (see _Shadrake 1_ at [51]–[54]):

51 **_I should emphasise several aspects of the test. First, a real risk, as
defined in the cases, is not to be equated with a serious or grave risk_** ,
but **_merely something more than_** a _de minimis_ , remote or fanciful risk.
**_It must have substance, but need not be substantial_**. _A fortiori_ , it
is not necessary to show that public confidence was actually undermined by the
impugned publication. As Lord Reid made clear in his speech in _Times
Newspapers_ , **_any degree of risk above_** the _de minimis_ level, including
**_“a small likelihood”_** , is a contempt, **_with the seriousness of the
risk going only to mitigation_**. For good measure, I should reiterate that
the facts of the Singapore cases where the “inherent tendency” test was
applied – _viz Wain_ , _Chee Soon Juan_ ( … )_, Hertzberg_ and _Tan Liang Joo_
( … ) – would have satisfied the “real risk” test as I have stated it.

52 Secondly, whether such a real risk is posed is **_eminently an objective
question of fact to be determined in light of all the circumstances of the
case_** , including the author and nature of the publication and the scope of
its dissemination (_Wain_), and bearing in mind local conditions (_Badry_ ( …
)). **_In this last regard, important considerations include the fact that we
are a small, crowded, multiracial and multi-religious nation, where
information travels rapidly and where social tensions, if developed and
brought to a boil, will rapidly propagate_**. **_Some of the factors
emphasised in the cases should also be borne in mind_**. The **_first_** is
that raised in _Oriental Press Group_ ( … ) at 659, that **_those who come
into contact with the impugned publication may not always be average
reasonable persons. They may be less rational, or, I should add, they may be
more discriminating. It is therefore not always appropriate to assess the real
risk to public confidence by reference to the average reasonable person – the
appropriate reference point depends on the facts of each case_**. The
**_second_** consideration is that raised in _Wong Yeung Ng_ ( … ) by Mortimer
VP at 44, and by Eames J in _Hoser_ ( … ) at [228] – **_the court must
consider what would happen if the impugned publication was left unchecked.
Third, the authority and credibility which the publication possess, or claims
to possess_** : see, _eg_ , _Wain_ at [61] to [62] (article in a financial
paper of international repute, written by the president of a major news
organisation), and _Hoser_ at [218] (alleged contemnor set himself up to be a
person of eminence in the investigation of corruption). **_Finally, there is
the fact that judges in Singapore are the sole arbiters of fact and law in
cases coming before the courts_** (_Wain_).

53 **_Thirdly, I would reiterate the law is not concerned with the effect of
the impugned publication on the judge hearing the application to commit; it
looks to the potential effect on public confidence in the administration of
justice_**. If a judge finds that an impugned publication poses a real risk of
undermining public confidence in the administration of justice, the
publication is _prima facie_ in contempt even though the judge might
personally take a more liberal view of its contents. If a judge finds that the
impugned publication does not pose any real risk of undermining public
confidence, he must decline to commit, even though he is personally outraged
by the contents. Similarly, the law is not concerned with the subjective
intentions or opinions of the author. **_The issue at all times is the actual
or potential effect on public confidence_**.

54 **_Fourthly, the requirement for a real risk, while very wide, is not
illusory_**. One example is the hypothetical found in _Hertzberg_ ( … ): **_if
rants made at a dinner party are shown to have been ignored, I cannot see that
they would pose a real risk to public confidence in the administration of
justice. Another illustration_** can be found in the facts of _Ex p Attorney-
General; Re Goodwin_ (1969) 70 SR (NSW) 413, **_where a letter circulated by a
disappointed litigant to the Attorney-General of New South Wales and 13
Registrars of the district courts was found to be in contempt. I am in no
position to assess the situation in Australia or New South Wales. But I am
very certain that, should the same letter be circulated to the Attorney-
General, or the Registry of the Supreme Court or the Subordinate Courts, it
will not pose the slightest risk of undermining public confidence in the
administration of justice_**. In fact, I should say from personal experience
that **_such letters are not infrequently received by the Registry of the
Supreme Court, and copied to holders of high public office_** such as the
Attorney-General, ministers, and permanent secretaries, but the Attorney-
General has not, quite correctly in my view, seen fit to take action against
them in the law of contempt.

[emphasis in italics in original; emphasis in bold italics added]

28 In our respectful view, the Judge’s elaboration of the “real risk” test in
[51], _viz_ , that “a real risk, as defined in the cases, is not to be equated
with a **_serious or grave_** risk, but **_merely_** something more than a _de
minimis_ , remote or fanciful risk” [emphasis added in bold italics], gives
rise to possible ambiguity. If what the Judge meant was that a “real risk” was
not to be equated with “a serious or grave risk” inasmuch as the latter
connotes a “clear and present danger”, this would be consistent with our
_rejection_ of the “clear and present danger” test for the reasons set out
below (at [38]–[50]). However, it is possible to interpret the Judge’s
elaboration in a different way, for he observed in the same paragraph ([51]),
citing Lord Reid in _Times Newspapers_ , that “** _any degree of risk above_**
the _de minimis_ level, **_including “a small likelihood”_** , amounts to
contempt, **_with the seriousness of the risk going only to mitigation_** ”
[emphasis added in bold italics], and repeated this observation in [77]. If
this was the meaning intended by the Judge, it should be borne in mind that
there is an argument to the contrary, _viz_ , that “a _small likelihood_ ” of
risk would _not_ , _ex hypothesi_ , constitute a “ _real_ risk” within the
meaning of the “real risk” test (_cf_ the approach of Brooke and Dubin JJA in
the Ontario Court of Appeal decision of _R v Kopyto_ (1988) 47 DLR (4th) 213
(“ _Kopyto_ ”), where a “ _serious_ risk” test was endorsed. _Kopyto_ is
discussed in greater detail below at [43]-[44]). While it is uncertain as to
which meaning the Judge intended to attribute to the requirement of “real
risk”, it is clear that his elaboration in [51] was based on a recognition of
the signal importance of ensuring that public confidence in the administration
of justice is not undermined.

29 In the final analysis, although the two contrasting approaches toward the
“real risk” test described briefly in the preceding paragraph are interesting,
we are of the view that it would be not be helpful to attempt an elaboration
(especially a theoretical one) of the “real risk” test. We state this with
great respect to the Judge but the brief analysis above demonstrates the very
real danger of semantic analysis trumping practical factual considerations.
The difficulty in seeking to elaborate on this particular test in the abstract
is obvious once we recognise that the test cannot be divorced from the factual
context of each case (which inevitably admits of innumerable permutations).
Each case ultimately turns on its own particular facts and whether there is a
“real risk” that public confidence in the administration of justice is – or
might be – undermined depends very much on the court’s _objective_ assessment
of the relevant _facts_ of the case itself (see also _Shadrake 1_ at
[52]-[53], quoted above at [27]). It is of course true that some legal test is
required. Our simple point, however, is that, in this instance at least,
seeking to elaborate upon a legal test whose efficacy is to be demonstrated
more in its _application_ rather than its theoretical elaboration is, with
respect, perhaps an approach that should be avoided. The fact of the matter is
that the great strength of the “real risk” test lies, _inter alia_ , in its
practical robustness. _Put simply, we are of the view that the “real risk”
test is adequate in and of itself and, hence, does not require further
elaboration_. What _is_ clear is that the “real risk” test will not be
satisfied in a situation where the risk of undermining public confidence in
the administration of justice is remote or fanciful. And, as explained below
(at [39]), where there is, at the other end of the legal spectrum, a situation
that would have satisfied the _more stringent_ “clear and present danger”
test, that particular situation would clearly fall within the purview of the
less stringent “real risk” test. However, there will be many situations that
lie in between and, as already emphasised, much will depend on the particular
facts and context of the case in question.

30 We would add that, _even if_ the Judge had indeed held the view that “a
small likelihood” of risk constituted a real risk (a view which we disagree
with for the reason stated in [28] above), such a “small likelihood” of risk
would merely be a “technical” contempt that may not even attract any sanction
at all (see Lord Reid’s view in _Times Newspapers_ at 299, and also _Shadrake
1_ at [77]). Such a situation would be a highly borderline or marginal case of
contempt and, viewed from the perspective of substance and even practical
principle, might not even merit the _initiation_ of contempt proceedings by
the Respondent in the first place. We would think that, where such a situation
arises, the Respondent would consider it appropriate to initiate contempt
proceedings only if other very exceptional circumstances exist. That having
been said, we do not think – as already explained above – that an elaboration
of the “real risk” test is helpful to the courts which must decide on the
facts before them. The basic question is a simple one: is there, having regard
to the _facts as well as surrounding context_ , a “real risk” that public
confidence in the administration of justice is - or would be - undermined as a
result of the impugned statement?

31 This brings us to the next issue as to who constitutes “the public” for the
purposes of the law relating to scandalising contempt. However, before
proceeding to consider this issue, we note that the Judge’s emphasis – in
reliance on prior local cases – on the small physical size of Singapore itself
is, at best, a neutral factor (see _Shadrake 1_ at [52], and reproduced above
at [27]). With the advent of the technological age in general and the Internet
in particular, the geographical size of a particular jurisdiction is no longer
an important factor _vis-à-vis_ the application of the “real risk” test, for
the very simple reason that even in a geographically large jurisdiction,
information can still be disseminated both quickly and widely. A further
factor mentioned by the Judge (at [52] of _Shadrake 1_ , and reproduced above
at [27]) which, in our view, is also neutral at best, is his reference to “the
fact that judges in Singapore are the sole arbiters of fact and law in cases
coming before the courts”.

32 Returning to the issue as to who constitutes “the public”, it will be
recalled that the Judge observed (see _Shadrake 1_ at [52], and reproduced
above at [27]) that “those who come into contact with the impugned publication
_may not always be average reasonable persons_ ” [emphasis added]. He added
that:

They _may_ be _less rational, or_ , I should add, they _may_ be _more
discriminating_. It is therefore not always appropriate to assess the real
risk to public confidence by reference to the average reasonable person – the
appropriate reference point depends on the facts of each case. [emphasis
added]

(See also the Hong Kong Court of First Instance decision of _Secretary for
Justice v Oriental Press Group Ltd_ [1998] 2 HKC 627 (“ _Oriental Press Group_
”) which the Judge cited and relied upon). If all the Judge is stating is that
regard should always be had to the factual context of the case itself, this
would be correct. However, there is, with respect, a certain degree of
ambiguity in these observations inasmuch as they may suggest that the concept
of the average reasonable person may, on occasion at least, be dispensed with.
If this is what was meant, we must respectfully disagree. In our view, “the
public” must, by definition, comprise the average reasonable person. It is
true that different persons might respond differently to the same impugned
statement. However, the court concerned must make an objective decision as to
whether or not that particular statement would undermine public confidence in
the administration of justice, as assessed by the effect of the impugned
statement on the average reasonable person. As Lord Radcliffe observed, albeit
in another context (that relating to the doctrine of frustration in the law of
contract), in the House of Lords decision of _Davis Contractors Ltd v Fareham
Urban District Council_ [1956] AC 696 (“ _Davis Contractors_ ”) (at 728):

By this time it might seem that the parties themselves have become so far
disembodied spirits that their actual persons should be allowed to rest in
peace. In their place there rises _the figure of the fair and reasonable man.
And the spokesman of the fair and reasonable man, who represents after all no
more than the anthropomorphic conception of justice, is and must be the court
itself_. [emphasis added]

33 In this regard, we respectfully disagree with the view expressed in the
joint judgment of Chan CJHC and Keith J in _Oriental Press Group_ (at [55])
(cited in _Shadrake 1_ at [28]):

[W]e think that the real test should be: was there a real risk that the acts
complained of would undermine confidence in the due administration of justice
in the minds of _at least some_ of the persons who were likely to become aware
of the publication or acts complained of? [emphasis added]

With respect, the proposition just set out is not, as explained above,
consistent with what we understand to be the general position on this
particular aspect of the law. Nor _ought_ it to be, given the serious
consequences to the persons found in contempt of court.

34 However, it should be emphasised (especially in light of the observations
by Lord Radcliffe in _Davis Contractors_ (cited above at [32])) that the court
proceeds on an _objective_ inquiry and does _not_ substitute its own
subjective view as to who comprises “the public”, and, in so far as the
observations by Lord Radcliffe just referred to suggest otherwise, they ought
to be qualified accordingly. What _is_ clear, in our view, is that the concept
of “the public” _cannot_ differ according to different factual matrices
although these matrices are the relevant backdrop against which to ascertain
whether or not public confidence in the administration of justice has been –
or might be – undermined.

35 Finally, we would caution that the illustrations referred to by the Judge,
_viz_ , rants made at a dinner party and a letter circulated by a disappointed
litigant to holders of high public and legal office (see [54] of _Shadrake 1_
, also reproduced above at [27]) cannot admit of _only one_ correct answer in
_every_ case. Much would, in our view, depend on _the precise facts and
context_ in which the impugned statement is made. For instance, we note that
the Judge was careful to qualify his view (at [54] of _Shadrake 1_) that there
would be no contempt in the dinner party rant scenario if the rants “are shown
to have been _ignored_ ” [emphasis added], because in such a case there would
be _no real risk of undermining public confidence in the administration of
justice_. The point we are making here is simply that having regard for the
precise facts and context in which the impugned statement is made is crucial.

(2) A summary

36 Let us summarise. Put simply, the “real risk” test is an adequate
formulation in and of itself and requires no further theoretical elaboration.
It is, at bottom, a test that means precisely what it says: is there a real
risk that the impugned statement has undermined – or might undermine – public
confidence in the administration of justice (here, in Singapore)? In applying
this test, the court must avoid either extreme on the legal spectrum, _viz_ ,
of _either_ finding that contempt has been established where there is only a
remote or fanciful possibility that public confidence in the administration of
justice is (or might be) undermined _or_ finding that contempt has been
established _only_ in the _most_ serious situations (which is, as we shall see
in the next section of this judgment, embodied within the “clear and present
danger” test). In undertaking such an analysis, the court must not substitute
its own subjective view for the view of the average reasonable person as it is
clear that the inquiry must necessarily be an objective one. Much would
depend, in the final analysis, on the precise facts and context in which the
impugned statement is made.

37 As already mentioned, _extreme_ positions in relation to the “real risk”
test must be assiduously avoided – whether in form and/or in substance. This
brings us to one of the main arguments canvassed by counsel for the Appellant,
Mr Ravi, in the present appeal which was, as we shall demonstrate in a moment,
merely an attempt to introduce a _wholly different_ (and _stricter_) test,
_viz_ , the “clear and present danger” test, _under the guise of the “real
risk” test_. Let us turn now to consider this particular argument.

(3) The Appellant’s attempt to introduce the “clear and present danger” test
under the guise of the “real risk” test

38 As already alluded to in the preceding paragraph, Mr Ravi sought to go
_further_ by arguing that there would be a “real risk” of undermining public
confidence in the administration of justice _only if_ the statement concerned
posed _a clear and present danger_ that public confidence in the
administration of justice would be undermined. A moment’s reflection would
reveal that Mr Ravi was attempting to _equate_ the concept of a “real risk”
with the concept of a “clear and present danger” in so far as the potential
undermining of public confidence in the administration of justice is
concerned. It would take little further reflection to conclude that such an
attempted “equation” is, with respect, deeply flawed. Both concepts clearly do
_not_ have the _same_ meaning. Let us elaborate.

39 Whilst _it would follow that_ a statement which posed _a clear and present
danger_ would _simultaneously_ pose _a real risk_ , the _converse_ does _not_
follow. In other words, a statement which would pose _a real risk would not
necessarily_ pose _a clear and present danger_. The criterion centring on the
concept of a “clear and present danger” is _an extremely stringent standard_
compared to the concept of a “real risk” and, to that extent, the latter would
_encompass_ the former – but _not vice versa_. Mr Ravi was, in substance,
attempting to introduce a _completely different test_ (_viz_ , the “clear and
present danger” test) into Singapore law under _the guise of the “real risk”
test_. As we have seen, both tests might overlap inasmuch as situations which
fall within the scope of the “clear and present danger” test would also fall
within the scope of the “real risk” test. However, as we have emphasised, the
_converse_ does not follow.

40 It is important, in our view, to emphasise that if a particular statement
poses a “ _real risk_ ”, this would be _sufficient_ to render that statement
_contemptuous_. Indeed, the very concept of a “real risk” is a weighty one and
it therefore comes as no surprise that _the “real risk” test is the
predominant (indeed, almost exclusive) test that applies throughout the
Commonwealth_ (and see generally the case law cited below at [45]-[49]).

41 The “clear and present danger” test applies, in the main, in the United
States’ (“US”) context (see, _eg_ , the US Supreme Court decision of _Bridges
v State of California_ (1941) 314 US 252 (“ _Bridges_ ”)), where the concept
of freedom of speech is inextricably linked to the _unique_ culture as well as
constitutional position (_ie_ , the First Amendment) in the US (see _Bridges_
and the Constitutional Court of South Africa’s decision of _The State v
Russell Mamabolo_ (2001) 3 SA 409 (CC) (“ _Mamabolo_ ”) at [21]). With the
exception of a seemingly solitary and divided Canadian decision which we will
deal with in more detail below (at [43]-[44]), the “clear and present danger”
test appears to apply in no other Commonwealth jurisdiction. To return to this
particular test _as set in its US context_ , it should, first, be noted that
in the US _there does not even appear to be a concept of scandalising contempt
to begin with_ (see _Bridges_) – the US Supreme Court in _Bridges_ considered
criticism of the courts, no matter how unrestrained, made after a decision has
been rendered, to be an exercise of the right of free discussion and free
speech. As alluded to above, the concept of freedom of speech has – owing to
the unique cultural as well as constitutional heritage of the US – been
accorded a paramountcy in a manner _quite different_ from other Commonwealth
jurisdictions. This is not surprising when we consider the language of the
First Amendment itself, as follows:

Congress _shall make no law_ respecting an establishment of religion, or
prohibiting the free exercise thereof; or _abridging the freedom of speech_ ,
or of the press; or the right of the people peaceably to assemble, and to
petition the Government for a redress of grievances. [emphasis added]

The US First Amendment is clearly quite different from the corresponding
articles in the respective constitutions of Commonwealth jurisdictions (of
which Art 14 of the Singapore Constitution is a representative illustration).
This is not to state that freedom of speech is absent – or even lacking, for
that matter – in Commonwealth countries. There is, instead, far more attention
accorded to the issue of _balance_ between the right to freedom of speech on
the one hand and its abuse on the other (_inter alia_ , by conduct amounting
to contempt of court). One might add that the paramountcy accorded to the
right to freedom of speech in the US is _not_ , with respect, _necessarily_ an
approach that _ought_ to be emulated as it could (as we have noted above at
[17]) actually result in possible _abuse_ and _consequent negation_ of the
right itself. This is no mere parochial rhetoric but is, rather, premised on
logic and commonsense. Hence, it is no surprise, therefore, that jurisdictions
across the Commonwealth (which are numerous as they are diverse and which, of
course, include Singapore) adopt, instead, the approach from _balance_ (see
also above at [17]-[18]).

42 Returning to the “clear and present danger” test, it was adopted in the US
context with respect to _sub judice_ contempt (see, _eg_ , _Bridges_ itself).
On this related note, however, there is, in our view, no reason in principle
why the “ _real risk_ ” test (as opposed to the “clear and present danger”
test) ought not to apply in situations of _sub judice_ contempt as well.
Indeed, in the English context, the “real risk” test first enunciated in
_Nash_ related in fact to a situation of _sub judice_ contempt, the test there
being whether there was a real risk that the impugned statement would
_prejudice a fair hearing_ (see also above at [26]).

43 That having been said, there is one apparently solitary Commonwealth
decision which furnishes some (but, as we shall see, by no means clear)
support for the “clear and present danger” test in the context of scandalising
contempt – the Ontario Court of Appeal decision of _Kopyto_. _Kopyto_ was
perceptively summarised and analysed by Mortimer VP in the Hong Kong Court of
Appeal decision of _Wong Yeung Ng v Secretary for Justice_ [1999] 2 HKC 24 (“
_Wong Yeung Ng (CA)_ ”), which affirmed the decision of the Court of First
Instance in _Oriental Press Group_ , and whose decision the Appeal Committee
of the Court of Final Appeal in _Wong Yeung Ng (CFA)_ refused to give leave to
appeal against. In _Wong Yeung Ng (CA)_ , Mortimer VP summarised the decision
in _Kopyto_ as follows (at 41-42):

… The five member Ontario Court of Appeal was unanimous that the momentary but
excessive reaction of a disappointed lawyer was not made out as a contempt. In
its consideration of the necessary ingredients of contempt by way of
scandalising the court it is impressive. …

It is necessary to examine the judgments in a little detail for the reason
that on issues other than the result the court was split three ways. Cory and
Goodman JJA were of the view that in order to accord with the fundamental
freedoms in the [Canadian] Charter the contempt must be shown to involve a
‘real, substantial and immediate’ (Cory) or ‘real, significant and present or
immediate’ (Goodman) danger to the administration of justice.

Houlden JA stood alone in deciding that no offence of scandalising the court,
however framed, could be consistent with the Charter and therefore there could
be no such contempt.

Brooke and Dubin JJA on the other hand considered the offence to be a
necessary exemption provided that the statement complained of is calculated to
bring the administration of justice in disrepute and it is shown that there is
a ‘serious risk that the administration of justice would be interfered with –
that risk could be expressed as serious, real or substantial’.

44 As Mortimer VP aptly pointed out in the passage quoted from his judgment in
preceding paragraph, the decision in _Kopyto_ in so far as the legal test for
scandalising contempt is concerned was a _split_ one. Brooke and Dubin JJA
clearly opted for the “real risk” test, whereas Cory and Goodman JJA opted for
the “clear and present danger” test. The remaining judge, Houlden JA, did not
need to decide on the precise test to be adopted. Hence, _Kopyto_ is by no
means a strong Commonwealth decision in favour of the “clear and present
danger” test. Indeed, to the best of our knowledge, there does not appear to
be any decision subsequent to _Kopyto_ which definitively favoured the
approach of Cory and Goodman JJA.

45 On the contrary, the vast majority of decisions in other jurisdictions
point in the _opposite_ direction (_viz_ , in favour of the “real risk” test).

46 For example, in Hong Kong, although the Court of Appeal in _Wong Yeung Ng
(CA)_ did not really give a definitive pronouncement as to which view in
_Kopyto_ ought to be preferred, the Court of Final Appeal in _Wong Yeung Ng
(CFA)_ did _not_ grant leave to appeal to the appellant, one of the grounds in
his application being that the Hong Kong courts should adopt the _Kopyto_
“clear and present danger” test instead of the “real risk” test.

47 And, in _Mamabolo_ , the Constitutional Court of South Africa agreed with
the minority’s view in _Kopyto_ , expressing misgivings (at [35]) about the:

… suitability of [the “clear and present danger”] test in a jurisdiction that
does not have to apply the First Amendment nor enjoys the benefit of the
extensive and complex jurisprudence so carefully constructed by the United
States courts.

48 We would add that the views of Brooke and Dubin JJA in _Kopyto_ are more
persuasive than those of Cory and Goodman JJA because they acknowledged the
clear difference between the Canadian and the US position, citing at [72] the
following observations of the New Zealand Court of Appeal in _Radio Avon_ (at
234):

We have not overlooked the submissions which Mr Palmer made to us based upon
various cases decided in the United States of America. We do not propose to
refer to those cases in detail. One of them is a decision of the Supreme Court
of the United States in _Wood v Georgia_ 370 US 375 (1962). The test adopted
was that “The danger must not be remote or even probable; it must immediately
imperil” (ibid, 385). _The American courts appear to have directed their
attention to the existence of a clear and present danger of a court being
influenced, intimidated, impeded, embarrassed or obstructed in the
administration of justice. English law, on the other hand, has also attached
great importance to the need to preserve public confidence in the
administration of justice generally_. This court should not depart from that
attitude subject, of course, in the type of contempt now under consideration,
to the public right of fair comment and criticism, and to the possible defence
of justification earlier referred to in this judgment. [emphasis added]

49 In summary, the “clear and present danger” test does _not_ represent the
law in Singapore and Mr Ravi’s attempt to introduce it under the guise of the
“real risk” test fails.

50 Let us turn now to consider the other main test, _viz_ , the “inherent
tendency” test as well as its relationship to the “real risk” test.

The “inherent tendency” test

(1) The test

51 The “inherent tendency” test was first articulated by the Singapore High
Court in _Attorney-General v Wain Barry J and Others_ [1991] 1 SLR(R) 85 (“
_Wain_ ”) (the related judgment with regard to sentence is reported at
_Attorney-General v Wain Barry J_ [1991] 1 SLR(R) 108), where Sinnathuray J
observed as follows (at [54]):

… it is _not_ a requirement of our law … that in contempt proceedings it must
be proved that the publication constitutes a _real risk of prejudicing the
administration of justice_. In my judgment, it is sufficient to prove that the
words complained of have the _inherent tendency_** _to interfere with the
administration of justice_**. [emphasis added in italics and bold italics]

52 With respect, there does not appear to be any clear authority for the
“inherent tendency” test and, indeed, the learned judge in _Wain_ did not cite
any such authority. However, as the Judge correctly observed, this particular
test was “subsequently referred to in decisions of the [Singapore] High Court
and seems to have developed a life of its own” (see _Shadrake 1_ at [34]). The
various Singapore High Court decisions which appeared to adopt the “inherent
tendency” test include _Attorney-General v Chee Soon Juan_ [2006] 2 SLR(R) 650
at [31]; _Hertzberg_ at [25]–[34]; and _Tan Liang Joo John_ at [12].

53 We do note, however, that, in the Supreme Court of Queensland decision of
_Attorney-General for State of Queensland v Colin Lovitt QC_ [2003] QSC 279 (“
_Lovitt_ ”), Chesterman J did observe (in a similar vein to Sinnathuray J in
_Wain_ (above at [52])), as follows (at [58]):

The law appears to be that where the contempt is constituted by criticism
which tends to undermine public confidence in the due administration of
justice the intention of the critic is largely irrelevant. What matters is
_the inherent tendency_ of the criticism _to diminish the authority of the
court and the public’s confidence in it_. [emphasis added]

(2) The relationship between the “inherent tendency” test and the “real risk”
test

54 The test laid down in _Wain_ (reproduced at [51] above) is somewhat
ambiguous in so far as it does not clearly set out the precise relationship
between “real risk” and “inherent tendency”.

55 It may be possible, on one reading at least, to interpret _Wain_ as
conceptualising “inherent tendency” _in contradistinction_ to “real risk”;
indeed, this is what several courts have done in subsequent cases.

56 However, a holistic reading of _Wain_ suggests that the learned judge did
_not_ intend to divorce the test from _its actual or potential impact on
public confidence in the administration of justice_. It is, in fact, axiomatic
that the law in general and the law relating to scandalising contempt in
particular do not – and cannot – operate in a hermetically sealed environment.
That this is the case is clearly illustrated by the actual application of the
law to the facts by the learned judge himself (and a similar interpretation
could arguably be taken of _Lovitt_). This must surely be the case as, in our
view, it would be contrary to both logic as well as commonsense for the
“inherent tendency” test – or any test for that matter – to be stated only at
a purely abstract or theoretical level. Indeed, even a theoretical formulation
must have in view the vital sphere of _application, having regard of course to
the particular facts and context of the case in which that formulation is
applied_. In our view, in none of the decisions cited above (at [52]) is there
any indication whatsoever that the court concerned had ignored the particular
facts and context of the case at hand in arriving at its decision. Looked at
in this light, the _apparent_ distinction between the “inherent tendency” test
on the one hand and the “real risk” test on the other is, in our view, a
“legal red herring”.

57 As stated earlier, however, we note that subsequent courts have appeared to
define the “inherent tendency” test _in contradistinction to_ the “real risk”
test. Although those cases would have been decided the same way even if the
“real risk” test was applied, this provides us reason enough to eschew the use
of the term “inherent tendency”. As the Judge noted (at [50] of _Shadrake 1_),
emphasising the test to be that of “real risk” would avoid controversy and
misunderstanding by conveying precisely the legal test to layperson and lawyer
alike. We therefore unequivocally state that the “real risk” test is the
applicable test _vis-à-vis_ liability for scandalising contempt in Singapore.

58 We turn now to consider the concept of _fair criticism_. As we shall see,
although it was apparently assumed in the court below that this concept is a
_defence_ in the law relating to contempt, it might well be the case that –
whilst still relevant (and even vital to the ultimate outcome of the case
concerned) – this particular concept is _an integral part of the entire
process of inquiry as to whether or not the impugned statement is in contempt
of court in the first place. Put simply, the concept of fair criticism might
go to the issue of liability rather than constituting a defence after a
finding of liability for contempt has been made_. Let us now turn to the
concept itself.

The concept of fair criticism

Introduction – liability or defence?

59 It had, apparently at least, been assumed in the court below that the
concept of fair criticism is a _defence_ to a charge of contempt of court (see
_Shadrake 1_ at [70]–[76]). However, and as was suggested to counsel during
oral submissions before this court, the precedents cited in support of this
approach towards the concept of fair criticism are – at best – ambiguous. Put
simply, it could be said that these precedents, whilst discussing the
_concept_ of fair criticism, nevertheless do _not_ treat it as a _separate
defence_ as such but, rather, _as an integral part of the process of analysis
as to whether or not the impugned statement is in contempt in the first
place_. Hence, the question posed in the heading to this section of the
judgment.

60 To elaborate, _none_ of the key decisions _expressly_ refers to the concept
of fair criticism in the context of a separate defence. For example, in
_Ambard_ (which is often cited as one of the seminal cases with regard to fair
criticism), the key passage in Lord Atkin’s judgment (delivered on behalf of
the Privy Council) is as follows (at 335):

But whether the authority and position of an individual judge, or the due
administration of justice, is concerned, _no wrong is committed_ by any member
of the public _who exercises the ordinary right of criticising, in good faith,
in private or public, the public act done in the seat of justice_. The path of
criticism is a public way: the wrong headed are permitted to err therein:
provided that members of the public abstain from imputing improper motives to
those taking part in the administration of justice, and are genuinely
exercising a right of criticism, and not acting in malice or attempting to
impair the administration of justice, they are immune. Justice is not a
cloistered virtue: she must be allowed to suffer the scrutiny and respectful,
even though outspoken, comments of ordinary men. [emphasis added]

61 One would immediately note that there is no mention in the passage just
quoted of fair criticism being a formal legal _defence_ as such. Indeed, it
appears that Lord Atkin was focusing on the concept of fair criticism in the
context of _liability_. This approach also appeared to be adopted much earlier
in the English decision of _The Queen v Gray_ [1900] QB 36 (“ _Gray_ ”), where
Lord Russell CJ observed thus (at 40):

Judges and Courts are alike open to criticism, and if reasonable argument or
expostulation is offered against any judicial act as contrary to law or the
public good, _no Court could or would treat that as contempt of Court_. The
law ought not to be astute in such cases to criticise adversely what under
such circumstances and with such an object is published; but it is to be
remembered that in this matter the liberty of the press is no greater and no
less than the liberty of every subject of the Queen. Now, as I have said, no
one has suggested that this is not a contempt of Court, and nobody has
suggested, or could suggest, that it falls within the right of public
criticism in the sense I have described. It is not criticism: I repeat that it
is personal scurrilous abuse of a judge as a judge. [emphasis added]

62 More recently, in the English Court of Appeal decision of _Regina v
Commissioner of Police of the Metropolis, ex parte Blackburn (No 2)_ [1968] 2
QB 150 (“ _Blackburn_ ”), Lord Denning MR observed (in a similar vein) thus
(at 155):

Let me say at once that we will never use this jurisdiction as a means to
uphold our own dignity. That must rest on surer foundations. Nor will we use
it to suppress those who speak against us. We do not fear criticism, nor do we
resent it. For there is something far more important at stake. It is no less
than freedom of speech itself.

_It is the right of every man, in Parliament or out of it, in the Press or
over the broadcast, to make fair comment, even outspoken comment, on matters
of public interest. Those who comment can deal faithfully with all that is
done in a court of justice. They can say that we are mistaken, and our
decisions erroneous, whether they are subject to appeal or not_. All we would
ask is that those who criticise us will remember that, from the nature of our
office, we cannot reply to their criticisms. We cannot enter into public
controversy. Still less into political controversy. We must rely on our
conduct itself to be its own vindication.

Exposed as we are to the winds of criticism, nothing which is said by this
person or that, nothing which is written by this pen or that, will deter us
from doing what we believe is right; nor, I would add, from saying what the
occasion requires, provided that it is pertinent to the matter in hand.
Silence is not an option when things are ill done.

So it comes to this: Mr. Quintin Hogg has criticised the court, but in so
doing he is exercising his undoubted right. _The article contains an error, no
doubt, but errors do not make it a contempt of court_. We must uphold his
right to the uttermost.

I hold this _not to be a contempt of court_ , and would dismiss the
application.

[emphasis added]

63 In the same decision, Salmon LJ also observed, as follows (at 155-156):

_It follows that no criticism of a judgment, however vigorous, can amount to
contempt of court, providing it keeps within the limits of reasonable courtesy
and good faith_. The criticism here complained of, however rumbustious,
however wide of the mark, whether expressed in good taste or in bad taste,
seems to me to be well within those limits. [emphasis added]

64 Finally, Edmund Davies LJ observed (at 156; and, significantly, citing
_Gray_ (see above at [61])):

_The right to fair criticism_ is part of the birthright of all subjects of Her
Majesty. _Though it has its boundaries, that right covers a wide expanse, and
its curtailment must be jealously guarded against_. It applies to the
judgments of the courts as to all other topics of public importance.
_Doubtless it is desirable that critics should, first, be accurate and,
secondly, be fair, and that they will particularly remember and be alive to
that desirability if those they would attack have, in the ordinary course, no
means of defending themselves_. [emphasis added]

65 In _Radio Avon_ , the court observed that there was a “right” to criticise
the work of the courts. The relevant extract reads as follows (at 230):

The present case falls within the first of the two categories of contempt
referred to by Lord Russell. As such it is a type of contempt which does not,
as a general rule, directly and immediately prejudice the conduct of some
particular case either pending or in the process of being heard. The
justification for this branch of the law of contempt is that it is contrary to
the public interest that public confidence in the administration of justice
should be undermined. But in this class of contempt which, as we have said,
generally occurs otherwise than in the context of pending litigation, the
courts have always recognised that their activities can properly be made the
subject of criticism, directed in good faith towards the improvement of the
administration of justice. Speaking of this particular class of contempt Lord
Morris in _McLeod v St Aubyn_ said, “Hence, when a trial has taken place and
the case is over, the judge or the jury are given over to criticism” ([1899]
AC 549, 561). Lord Russell emphasied the same point in _R v Gray_ and it was
developed by Lord Atkin in _Ambard v Attorney-General_. In a celebrated
passage in his judgment he said:

“But whether the authority and position of an individual judge, or the due
administration of justice, is concerned, no wrong is committed by any member
of the public who exercises the ordinary right of criticising, in good faith,
in private or public, the public act done in the seat of justice. The path of
criticism is a public way: the wrong headed are permitted to err therein:
provided that members of the public abstain from imputing improper motives to
those taking part in the administration of justice, and are genuinely
exercising a right of criticism, and not acting in malice or attempting to
impair the administration of justice, they are immune. Justice is not a
cloistered virtue: she must be allowed to suffer the scrutiny and respectful,
even though outspoken, comments of ordinary men” ([1936] AC 322, 335).

The right of the press or the public to criticise the work of the courts was
again strongly upheld by the Court of Appeal in England in _R v Commissioner
of Police, Ex p Blackburn (No 2)_ [1968] 2 QB 150; [1968] 2 All ER 319. The
courts of New Zealand, as in the United Kingdom, completely recognise the
importance of freedom of speech in relation to their work provided that
criticism is put forward fairly and honestly for a legitimate purpose and not
for the purpose of injuring our system of justice.

It will be noted that the court in _Radio Avon_ cited the passage from
_Ambard_ in coming to its conclusion that it was in the interest of freedom of
speech that criticism put forward fairly and honestly for a legitimate purpose
should not be found to be in contempt. As we have earlier demonstrated,
_Ambard_ appears to focus on fair criticism in the context of liability,
rather than as a formal defence.

66 In the Australian High Court decision of _Nationwide News Pty Ltd v Wills_
(1992) 177 CLR 1, Mason CJ observed thus (at 32–33):

So long as the defendant is genuinely exercising a right of criticism and not
acting in malice or attempting to impair the administration of justice, he or
she is immune. In _R_. v. _Dunbabin_ ; _Ex parte Williams_ , Rich J., with
reference to the summary jurisdiction to punish for contempt, said:

“It is not given for the purpose of restricting honest criticism based on
rational grounds of the manner in which the Court performs its functions. The
law permits in respect of Courts, as of other institutions, the fullest
discussions of their doings so long as that discussion is fairly conducted and
is honestly directed to some definite public purpose. The jurisdiction exists
in order that the authority of the law as administered in the Courts may be
established and maintained.”

This approach is based upon the underlying view that “[f]air criticism of the
decisions of the Court is not only lawful, but regarded as being for the
public good”, to repeat the words of Evatt J. in _R_. v. _Fletcher_ ; _Ex
parte Kisch_. However, as his Honour went on to point out, “the facts forming
the basis of the criticism must be accurately stated, and the criticism must
be fair and not distorted by malice”.

67 In the same decision, Brennan J stated as follows (at 38-39):

Thus it has been said that it is no contempt of court to criticize court
decisions when the criticism is fair and not distorted by malice and the basis
of the criticism is accurately stated. To the contrary, a public comment
fairly made on judicial conduct that is truly disreputable (in the sense that
it would impair the confidence of the public in the competence or integrity of
the court) is for the public benefit. It is not necessary, even if it be
possible, to chart the limits of contempt scandalizing the court. It is
sufficient to say that the revelation of truth - at all events when its
revelation is for the public benefit - and the making of a fair criticism
based on fact do not amount to a contempt of court though the truth revealed
or the criticism made is such as to deprive the court or judge of public
confidence.

68 It is, of course, possible to interpret the statements of principle set out
in the preceding paragraphs of this part of the judgment as being consistent
with the concept of fair criticism as a _defence_ inasmuch as that particular
interpretation would also result in the absence of contemptuous conduct as
well. _However_ , the _nature, tenor and thrust_ of these statements of
principle are, in our view, more consistent with the concept of fair criticism
as going towards _liability_ instead.

69 There is, however, at least one decision that refers to the “defence” of
fair criticism. In _Gilbert Ahnee and others v Director of Public
Prosecutions_ [1999] 2 AC 294 (“ _Ahnee_ ”), the Privy Council noted (at 306):

There is available to a defendant a defence based on the “right of
criticising, in good faith, in private or public, the public act done in the
seat of justice:” see _Reg. v. Gray_ [1900] 2 Q.B. 36, 40; _Ambard v.
Attorney-General for Trinidad and Tobago_ [1936] A.C. 322, 335 and _Badry v.
Director of Public Prosecutions_ [1983] 2 A.C. 297.

However, as just mentioned, the prior decisions cited by the Privy Council in
_Ahnee_ do not constitute (at least unambiguously) authority for
conceptualising fair criticism as a defence.

70 We note that the major treatises on the law of contempt shed little light
on the issue of whether fair criticism relates to liability or operates as a
formal legal defence. For example, CJ Miller, _Contempt of Court_ (Oxford
University Press, 3rd Ed, 2000) at para 12.31 _et seq_ purports to deal with
“[_p_]_ossible_ [d]efences” [emphasis added], noting that defences to
scandalising contempt “are not questions which have been subjected to detailed
analysis in an English court”, and that “any conclusions must necessarily be
tentative”. The text proceeds to analyse case law on the “possible defences”
of justification and fair comment, without drawing any firm conclusions as to
whether or not these concepts constitute defences to scandalising contempt.
Similarly, in David Eady & ATH Smith, _Arlidge, Eady & Smith on Contempt_
(Sweet & Maxwell, 3rd Ed, 2005) at para 5-252 _et seq_ , the learned authors
note that the defences available to scandalising contempt are uncertain.

71 The reports of law commissions in England and Australia are similarly
inconclusive. The Australian Law Reform Commission in its report _Contempt_
(Report No 35, Australian Government Publishing Service, Canberra, 1987) (“the
ALRC Report”) cited the passage from _Ambard_ for the proposition that there
was a right to criticise the judiciary (see the ALRC Report at para 413).
However, no elaboration on the characterisation of such a right to criticise
was proffered. The ALRC Report went on to debate the existence of the defences
of justification and fair comment, noting that there were conflicting case law
authorities on the issue of the defences to contempt. The ALRC subsequently
tentatively rejected both defences (see the ALRC Report at paras 415 and 416).
Notably, there was never any mention of a _defence of fair criticism_ as such
(see the ALRC Report at para 437 _et seq_). In our view, the closest that the
ALRC Report came to addressing the concept of fair criticism (as understood by
the Judge) was in an ambiguous statement at para 438, which reads in relevant
part, as follows:

Finally, there is authority in the cases to the effect that in the course of
trying a scandalising case, a court will exonerate the accused unless it finds
the allegedly scandalising remarks to be ‘unjustified’, ‘unwarrantable’ or
‘baseless’ [citing _R v Fletcher, ex parte Kisch_ (1935) 52 CLR 248 at 257;
_Gallagher v Durack_ (1983) 152 CLR 238 at 244]. This is _not the same
approach to the matter as allowing the accused to plead and prove a formal
defence of justification_. It appears to refer the matter to judicial
instinct, or to what can be ascertained through judicial notice. But this
element in scandalising law will protect the accused against being convicted
where it is plain that his or her allegations have a clear and genuine basis
in fact. [emphasis added]

The italicised portion suggests that there is some other concept which is akin
to, but _not the same as_ , a “ _formal_ defence of justification” [emphasis
added]. It is possible that, having earlier cited the _Ambard_ passage at para
413 of the ALRC Report, the ALRC was in fact alluding to some concept of fair
criticism not amounting to a formal defence – albeit, and with respect
somewhat confusingly, in the context of the concept of _justification_.

72 In the report of the Law Commission of England and Wales entitled _Offences
Relating to Interference with the Course of Justice_ (Law Commission No 96, 7
November 1979) (“the EWLC Report”), it was recommended at para 3.70 that the
offence of scandalising contempt should be replaced by a new offence which
punishes the publication or distribution of false matter:

… with intent that it be taken as true and knowing it to be false or being
reckless whether it is false, when it imputes corrupt judicial conduct to any
judge, tribunal or member of a tribunal.

In other words, a person will not be convicted of contempt if _either_ (a) the
allegation made by him or her is true; _or_ (b) the allegation is false, but
the alleged contemnor honestly believed it to be true and was not reckless as
to whether it was true or false. This approach bears some similarity to the
role given to the concept of fair criticism by the Judge, and may be thought
to conceive of fair criticism as a _defence_. However, there is no reference
to the concept of fair criticism whatsoever in the EWLC Report, much less any
analysis of fair criticism existing as a formal legal defence.

73 In the 1974 report of the Committee on Contempt of Court chaired by
Phillimore LJ (“the Phillimore Report”), which was referred to in the EWLC
Report, the Phillimore Committee recommended that justification should be a
defence to contempt if the impugned statements were demonstrated to be for the
public benefit (see the Phillimore Report, at paras 165–167). We note that the
Phillimore Report did not cite any case law for its proposed norms, and that,
again, no reference was made to the concept of fair criticism as such.

74 We turn now to examine s 5 of the Indian Contempt of Courts Act 1971
(“ICCA”), which appears to address the concept of fair criticism (and which,
to the best of our knowledge, is probably the only attempt in the Commonwealth
to deal _legislatively_ with this concept). Section 5 reads as follows:

**_Fair criticism_** **of judicial act not contempt**

5\. A person shall not be guilty of contempt of court for publishing any _fair
comment_ on the merits of any case which has been heard and finally decided.
[emphasis added]

We also note that s 8 of the ICCA provides that:

**Other defences not affected**.

8\. Nothing contained in this Act shall be construed as implying that any
other defence which would have been a valid defence in any proceedings for
contempt of court has ceased to be available merely by reason of the
provisions of this Act.

75 With respect, there is a degree of ambiguity in s 5 concerning whether fair
criticism, under Indian law, relates to _liability or_ operates as a formal
legal _defence_. On one view, it may be thought that s 5 treats the concept of
fair criticism as being synonymous with the _defence_ of “fair comment” in
defamation. This view may be derived from the fact that the savings provision
in s 8 refers to “[o]ther defence[s]”, thus possibly implying that s 5 was
intended to refer to a “defence”. It may also stem from the Report of the
Sanyal Committee which, in recommending the codification of contempt laws
(eventually resulting in the ICCA), discussed “fair criticism” under the
chapter entitled “Defences”. However, it should be noted that no elaboration
is provided in the ICCA as to how precisely the concept of “fair criticism”
should be characterised, and there is no express reference to it being a
“defence” as such. Furthermore, s 5 appears to be a codification of the
position in _Ambard_ and _Gray_ (see the Report of the Sanyal Committee,
Chapter IX section 3; and see _Aiyer’s Law of Contempt of Court, Legislature &
Public Servants_ (Law Book Company, 5th Ed, 1976) at 91), which decisions we
have earlier noted to be ambiguous _vis-à-vis_ the characterisation of the
concept of “fair criticism”.

76 The other possible interpretation of s 5 is that the ICCA merely treats
fair criticism as being related to the issue of liability rather than
constituting a defence. In this regard, we note that a 2006 legislative
amendment _expressly_ provided for a _defence_ of justification in s 13 of the
ICCA, as follows:

**Contempts not punishable in certain cases**.

13\. Notwithstanding anything contained in any law for the time being in
force,—

…

(b) the court may permit, in any proceeding for contempt of court,
justification by truth as a valid _defence_ if it is satisfied that it is in
public interest and the request for invoking the said _defence_ is bona fide.

[emphasis added]

Looked at in this light, the only _defence expressly_ referred to in the ICCA
is one of _justification_. This suggests that the s 5 reference to “fair
criticism” was not intended to establish a _defence_ of “fair criticism” as
such. Indeed, it may indicate that “fair criticism” in s 5 should be
characterised in a manner akin to how we have characterised _Ambard_ and
_Gray_ , _viz_ , as being related to _liability_ instead of being a formal
legal _defence_ (see [60]–[61] above).

77 We are not well placed, and certainly do not propose, to definitively
determine how the concept of “fair criticism” should be characterised under
the ICCA. Our only observation is that there is potential ambiguity with
regard to the precise role and operation of the concept of fair criticism in
Commonwealth case law and (possibly) even legislation.

78 However, whether one approach is adopted instead of the other is not merely
a theoretical issue. If the concept of fair criticism relates to _liability_ ,
then the _evidential_ burden would be on the party relying on it. The _legal_
burden, on the other hand, would be on the Respondent to prove beyond a
reasonable doubt that the impugned statement does not constitute fair
criticism, and that it presents a real risk of undermining public confidence
in the administration of justice. If, however, the concept of fair criticism
constitutes a _defence_ , then the _legal_ burden would shift to the alleged
contemnor to show on the _balance of probabilities_ that the impugned
statement amounts to fair criticism.

79 In Singapore, although the court’s power to punish for contempt of court is
constitutionally and statutorily expressed (see above at [17]), there is no
statutory provision (_contra_ the ICCA) which provides guidance on whether
fair criticism relates to liability or operates as a formal legal defence. In
our view, given the ambiguity in case law and authorities from other
Commonwealth jurisdictions, the provision of any _defence_ to scandalising
contempt – which is itself manifestly a question of policy – is more properly
addressed by Parliament (as was done in India via the ICCA in general, and the
2006 legislative amendment of the ICCA in particular). However, until defences
to contempt are rigorously considered and legislatively provided for, it falls
to the courts to determine how the concept of fair criticism functions in
practice under the common law.

80 We prefer viewing the concept of fair criticism as going towards
_liability_ for contempt of court. Indeed, given that scandalising contempt is
_quasi-criminal_ in nature, this approach has the additional benefit of
ensuring that the alleged contemnor is not disadvantaged _vis-à-vis_ the
implications with regard to the burden of proof (discussed above at [78]). At
this juncture, we note that a caveat is necessary: the precise
characterisation of the concept of fair criticism was not fully canvassed
before us (see also above at [59]). Accordingly, our views on this point must
necessarily be taken, to that extent, to be provisional in nature. We do,
however, apply – where the concept of fair criticism has been raised – the
approach we have stated at the outset of this paragraph to the impugned
statements in this particular appeal.

The applicable principles

81 Even if, as we have assumed, the concept of fair criticism goes towards
_liability_ for contempt of court, this by no means renders nugatory the
various principles and factors that have already been laid down in previous
decisions – notably, in _Tan Liang Joo John_ , where Judith Prakash J cited
(at [14]) the passage from _Ambard_ (which is, in turn, cited above at [60])
in support of her proposition that “[f]air criticism does not amount to
contempt of court”. The learned judge then proceeded to pertinently observe as
follows (at [15]-[23]):

15 It is apparent from Lord Atkin’s reasoning, however, that there are limits
to the right of fair criticism. The criticism must be made in good faith and
must also be respectful. In determining whether  _mala fides_ has been proved,
the court can take into account a wide range of factors.

16 One relevant factor is the extent to which the allegedly fair criticism is
supported by argument and evidence. There must be some reason or basis for the
criticism or else it would amount to an unsupported attack on the court. In
the early English decision of _Rex v White_ (1808) 1 Camp 359n; 170 ER 985,
Grose J decided that the censure of a judge and jury in an article constituted
contempt of court because:

[The article]  _contained no reasoning or discussion_ , but only declamation
and invective … written not with a view to elucidate the truth, but to injure
the characters of individuals, and to bring into hatred and contempt the
administration of justice in the country.

[emphasis added]

17 As Lord Russell of Killowen CJ stated in  _The Queen v Gray_( … ):

Judges and Courts are alike open to criticism, and if  _reasonable argument or
expostulation_ is offered against any judicial act as contrary to law or the
public good, no Court could or would treat that as contempt of Court.

18 Another relevant factor is the manner in which the alleged criticism is
made. The criticism must generally be expressed in a temperate and
dispassionate manner, since an intention to vilify the courts is easily
inferred where outrageous and abusive language is used (see Nigel Lowe and
Brenda Sufrin, _Borrie & Lowe: The Law of Contempt_ (Butterworths, 3rd Ed,
1996) (“ _Borrie & Lowe_”) at p 349). Lord Atkin stipulated that fair
criticism needs to be “respectful” (see  _Ambard_ ( … ). In _Regina v
Commissioner of Police of the Metropolis, Ex parte Blackburn (No 2)_ [1968] 2
WLR 1204 (at 1207), Salmon LJ stated that “no criticism of a judgment, however
vigorous, can amount to contempt of court, providing it keeps within the
limits of reasonable courtesy and good faith”. Similarly, in  _Halsbury’s Laws
of England_ vol 9(1) (Butterworths, 4th Ed Reissue, 1998) it is said that (at
para 433):

[C]riticism of a judge's conduct or of the conduct of a court, even if
strongly worded, is not a contempt provided that the criticism is fair,
_temperate_ and made in good faith and is not directed to the personal
character of a judge or to the impartiality of a judge or court.

[emphasis added]

19 Such temperate, balanced criticism allows for rational debate about the
issues raised and thus may even contribute to the improvement and
strengthening of the administration of justice. Scurrilous and preposterous
attacks, on the other hand, are likely to have the opposite effect. As
Mortimer VP noted in  _Wong Yeung Ng v Secretary for Justice_ [1999] 2 HKC 24
(“ _Wong Yeung Ng_ ”) (at 44):

... Bona fide, balanced and justified criticism is susceptible to reasoned
answer or even acceptance. Sustained scurrilous, abusive attacks made in bad
faith, or conduct which challenges the authority of the court, are not
susceptible to reasoned answer. If they continue unchecked they will almost
certainly lead to interference with the administration of justice as a
continuing process.

20 Apart from the two factors discussed above, courts have also taken into
consideration such factors as the party's attitude in court (see, for example,
_R v Vidal_ The Times (14 October 1922), cited in _Borrie & Lowe_ ( … ) at p
349 n 5) and the number of instances of contemning conduct (see, for example,
_Regina v Glanzer_ (1963) 38 DLR (2d) 402). The list of relevant factors is
not closed. The court is entitled to take into account all the circumstances
of the case which in its view go towards showing bad faith.

21 There is another, more contentious, limit on the right of criticism. It
appears from the English authorities above that the act or words in question
must not impute improper motives to nor impugn the integrity, propriety and
impartiality of judges or the courts (see, for example, _Ambard_ ( … );
_Halsbury's Laws of England_ ( … ); see also _Borrie & Lowe_ at pp 350–352).
The rationale for this second limit is explained in  _Borrie & Lowe_ as
follows (at pp 350–351):

The courts are particularly sensitive to allegations of partiality, it being a
basic function of a judge to make an impartial judgment. The law goes to some
lengths to ensure that a judge has no personal interest in the case, his
decision being considered void and of no effect if bias is proved: nemo judex
in sua causa. Allegations of partiality are treated seriously because they
tend to undermine confidence in the basic function of a judge.

22 The need to maintain public confidence in the administration of justice
must, however, be balanced against the public interest in rooting out bias and
impropriety where it in fact occurs. We ought not to be so complacent as to
assume that judges and courts are infallible or impervious to human sentiment.
Thus, I have some sympathy for the view expressed in the New Zealand case of
_Solicitor-General v Radio Avon Ltd_ [1978] 1 NZLR 225 (at 231):

If this were the law [that allegations of improper motives, bias or
impropriety could not constitute fair criticism] then nobody could publish a
true account of the conduct of a judge if the matter published disclosed that
the judge had in fact acted from some improper motive. Nor would it be
possible, on the basis of facts truly stated, to make an honest and fair
comment suggesting some improper motive, such as partiality or bias, without
running the risk of being held in contempt.

23 The fear of baseless imputations of bias or impropriety is unfounded as the
court is able to take into account factors such as the existence of evidence
for such allegations under the requirement of  _bona fides_. To my mind,
therefore, the second limit on the right to criticise is unnecessary and
potentially overly restrictive of legitimate criticism.

82 The above extract was also cited in part by the Judge in _Shadrake 1_ (at
[70]). In our view, the factors enunciated in the preceding paragraph (albeit
by no means exhaustive) are very helpful in assisting the court concerned to
arrive at a conclusion as to whether or not the impugned material is in
contempt of court. Indeed, it is at least arguable that Prakash J appeared, in
_Tan Liang Joo John_ , to treat the concept of fair criticism as going towards
liability rather than as an independent defence.

83 We pause here to address two arguments raised by the Respondent. The
Respondent argued, first, that statements calling into question the
independence, impartiality and integrity of courts can _never_ amount to fair
criticism. Second, the Respondent contended that allegations made outside the
formal avenues (_eg_ , the relevant court proceedings or the removal mechanism
provided for in Art 98(3) of the Constitution) can _never_ amount to fair
criticism.

84 We do not agree with these arguments. With regard to the first argument
(_viz_ , limiting the scope of fair criticism to criticism that _does not_
call into question the independence, impartiality and integrity of courts), we
are of the view that this _overly limits_ the ambit of fair criticism. This
view was also taken by the Judge (see _Shadrake 1_ at [76]) and in _Tan Liang
Joo John_ (at [21]–[23]). Indeed, the Respondent’s argument appears to render
the concept of fair criticism _nugatory_ , since most allegedly contemptuous
statements, by their very nature, call into question the independence,
impartiality and integrity of courts. We are fortified in taking this view by
the wealth of Commonwealth authority holding that an imputation of judicial
impartiality or impropriety is not _ipso facto_ scandalising contempt (see the
High Court of Australia decision of _R v Nicholls_ (1911) 12 CLR 280 at 286;
the New South Wales Supreme Court decision of _Attorney-General for New South
Wales v Mundey_ [1972] 2 NSWLR 887 at 910–911; the New Zealand Court of Appeal
decision of _Radio Avon_ at 230–231; the English Court of Appeal decision of
_Blackburn_ at 155–156; and the Privy Council decision of _Ahnee_ at 1314).

85 With regard to the second argument (_viz_ , limiting the scope of fair
criticism to criticism raised through the formal avenues provided for in the
law), we are of the view that this is too onerous a limitation on the right to
free speech. An alleged contemnor should not be precluded from proffering fair
criticism merely because he or she did not have the means, or did not choose,
to air his or her _rationally supported_ criticisms via any of the formal
legal avenues. Indeed, we agree with the Judge’s view that resort to the
Constitutional inquiry process cannot be the only way in which courts and
judges can be criticised for wrongdoing. As the Judge noted in _Shadrake 1_ at
[68]:

I also cannot agree with the suggestion made by the Phillimore Committee and
_Chee Soon Juan_ ( … ), and taken up by Ms Subramanian, that all discussions
of judicial wrongdoing must be directed to the Prime Minister or the Chief
Justice, with the aim of activating the removal mechanism provided for in
Article 98(3) of the Constitution. The public must be able to debate judicial
conduct without seising the removal mechanism in Article 98(3). Indeed,
frequent resort to the extraordinary mechanism in Article 98(3) cannot be
healthy for the independence of the judiciary.

A summary

86 Whilst the concept of fair criticism could either go towards liability for
contempt _or_ constitute a defence to what would otherwise be considered
contemptuous conduct, we prefer to utilise the concept in the _former_ sense.
In approaching this concept, the court should bear in mind the various factors
set out (albeit non-exhaustively) in _Tan Liang Joo John_ (above at [81]). The
court ought always to apply this concept not only in relation to _the precise
facts and context but also bearing in mind the following key question
throughout_ : does the impugned statement constitute fair criticism, or does
it go on to cross the legal line by posing a real risk of undermining public
confidence in the administration of justice – in which case it would
constitute contempt instead?

Our decision

The issue of liability

Introduction and context

87 Having stated the applicable principles of law, we turn now to apply them
to each of the eleven statements which the Judge found to be in contempt of
court. We also note that the Respondent has not filed a cross-appeal against
the decision of the Judge in the court below against either liability or
sentence.

88 Before considering each of the statements, the relevant background and
context should also be noted.

89 First, in so far as the _scope of distribution/publication_ of the book is
concerned, counsel for the Appellant, Mr Ravi, had informed the Judge that
almost 6,000 copies of the book had been sold internationally, especially at
airports, and that some copies were being circulated in Singapore (see
_Shadrake 2_ at [27]). Mr Ravi further stated that (_ibid_):

In fact, in my office, I’ll be very honest, I’m not selling the book. I have
-- so many lawyers have come to take the books because my client have provided
a lot of copies from the distributors. I’m not selling it but I have given
lawyers gratuitously at the -- my clients have been quite pleased that many
lawyers are turning up in droves to buy -- to have a copy of the book. Some
would like to just make payment at their volition.

90 Ms Kumarassamy Gunavathy, a senior analyst with the Media Authority of
Singapore, also deposed by affidavit that she bought the book from Kinokuniya
Book Store of Singapore Pte Ltd in Ngee Ann City. She stated that the book had
been sold in Singapore by several other bookstores, including Select Books Pte
Ltd and Mary Martin Book Sellers Pte Ltd. The Appellant chose not to cross-
examine Ms Gunavathy on her affidavit, and therefore the contents of her
affidavit are taken to be accepted by the parties (see _Shadrake 1_ at [84]).

91 Second, the Judge noted that the Appellant held himself out as an
investigative journalist (see _Shadrake 1_ at [85]–[86]). A perusal of the
following parts of the book illustrates this point:

(a) The announcement on the back cover (“investigative journalism has come to
mean the kind of brave reporting that exposes injustice … Alan Shadrake’s
hard-hitting new book cuts through the façade of official silence to reveal
disturbing truths about Singapore’s use of the death penalty”);

(b) The bibliographical note (“Alan Shadrake is a renowned veteran
investigative journalist and author whose 50-year career has taken him around
the world”);

(c) The preface (“meticulous search of legal files and archived cases going
back to 1963”, references to unnamed lawyers, Central Narcotics Bureau
officers and an anonymous librarian at the National Library);

(d) Extracts at page 21 (“yet another major scoop in my long career as an
investigative journalist”); and

(e) A full page photograph of the Appellant posing outside the Supreme Court
of Singapore, captioned: “Author Alan Shadrake spent months scrutinising court
and other records all over Singapore to unearth judicial scandals”.

92 Accordingly, the statements should be read as being statements emanating
from a person who has held himself out as _an investigative journalist_ and
their actual or potential effect on the public should be assessed accordingly.
It should be noted that the Appellant does not disagree with the Judge’s
holding on this particular point.

93 We turn now to consider the eleven statements _seriatim_ in light of the
legal principles set out above.

The first statement

94 The first statement is found at page viii of the book, and reads as
follows:

_Something sinister_ : how the Singapore **_legal system_** _works in secret
and how politics, international trade and business often determine who lives
and who dies on the gallows_. [emphasis added in italics and bold italics]

95 The Judge was of the view that “legal system” in this statement could not
be read to include everything but the courts; indeed, the Judge considered
that the courts are the first thing that comes to mind when a reference is
made to a “legal system” (see _Shadrake 1_ at [88]). Accordingly, he held that
the first statement constituted a clear accusation that the courts (and other
parts of the legal system) took politics, international trade and business
into account in determining who lives or dies on the gallows (_ibid_).

96 On the other hand, Mr Ravi argues, on behalf of the Appellant, that the
Judge misinterpreted the first statement. He points out that nowhere in the
context of this passage is there any reference to improprieties on the part of
a judge or a court. He also points out that in the first substantive chapter
of the book, ten pages down from the first statement, the target of the
Appellant’s criticism is the _executive_ (narcotics police, CNB officer, and
prosecution). Accordingly, he contends that adopting a contextual
interpretation, the Appellant’s key argument in the first statement is that
_prosecutorial_ decisions weigh heavily in the outcome of certain death
penalty cases. The Appellant further argues that the Judge should have taken
the same approach to “legal system” as that in the third statement (which was
found not to be contemptuous). The third statement, found at page 27 of the
book, reads:

It also put the spotlight on Singapore’s _legal system_ which many observers
inside and outside the country believe has been perverted to suit political
and economic expediency. [emphasis added]

97 Although Mr Ravi purported to rely on a _contextual_ approach, he has
_misapplied_ it. The first statement, whilst occurring at page viii of the
book, is actually located within the _second_ page of the entire book itself.
It is also part of the _Preface_ which attempts to give an _overview_ of the
book. More importantly, the context of the first statement, _viz_ the
sentences which _immediately precede_ it on the same page, is as follows:

But after months of relentless sleuthing I _managed to find the man_ who had
hanged an estimated 1,000 men and women mainly for murder and drug trafficking
– and surprisingly get him to talk. It led to _a meticulous search of legal
files and archived cases going back to 1963_ while interviewing abolitionists
and lawyers _involved in many sensational cases that largely went under-
reported or not reported at all_. The result is _a unique glimpse into the
deadly career of arguably the most prolific executioner in the world –_ a man
who believes he has helped keep Singapore one of the safest places in the
world. **_And something else. Something sinister: how the Singapore legal
system works in secret and how politics, international trade and business
often determine who lives and who dies on the gallows_**. [emphasis added in
italics and bold italics]

98 There are, in fact, two main themes within the very _title_ of the book
itself, _viz_ , “Once a Jolly Hangman – _Singapore Justice in the Dock_ ”
[emphasis added]. Both themes are reflected in the passage from the Preface
quoted in the preceding paragraph. The first theme is the examination of the
particular career of the “most prolific executioner in the world”. This first
theme is the leitmotif to the second broader – and main – theme of the book
(disingenuously slipped in, as it were, in the form of the subtitle “
_Singapore Justice in the Dock_ ”), the distinction between the two themes
being emphasised by the short – but pithy and telling – sentence just before
the first statement itself, _viz_ , “[a]nd something else” (quoted in bold
italics above). And that “something else”, as the first statement puts it,
concerns “[s]omething _sinister_ ” [emphasis added]. Further, part of that
machinery which allegedly perpetrates such undesirable results is “the
Singapore _legal system_ ” [emphasis added]. Even when read literally (as
opposed to contextually), the meaning is clear. Whilst Mr Ravi refers to
executive action as well as prosecutorial decisions, it is axiomatic
(especially to the average reasonable person who is a member of the public
and, we might add, _a fortiori_ , to persons who are legally trained) that a
_key institution_ in the administration of _justice_ is _the courts_ (which,
_inter alia_ , _actually decide_ cases by applying the relevant law to the
evidence before them). And, as already alluded to earlier in this paragraph,
this meaning is buttressed by the subtitle of the book itself which
encapsulates this theme even more pithily and succinctly, _viz_ , “Singapore
Justice in the Dock”. Indeed, the Appellant has placed _the courts_ in his own
“dock” and has found the result, amongst other things, “ _sinister_ ”. If
further support is required for the interpretation just adopted, one need
refer no further than one page back, _viz_ , to the very first page of the
Preface – and, indeed, to the _very first sentence_ thereof, which reads as
follows: “It was never my intention to go to Singapore and write a book _about
its revered but much feared chief executioner_** _or its justice system_** ”
[emphasis added in italics and bold italics]. One might add that – whether by
design or inadvertence – the Appellant was clearly utilising the word “or” in
the sentence just quoted in a _conjunctive_ sense, having regard to the sense
as well as context concerned. Finally, the back cover of the book (which also
attempts to encapsulate the themes of the book) drives home the interpretation
we have discerned in no uncertain terms – _inter alia_ , in the sentence which
states that the book “reveals _the_** _cruelty and imprudence_** _of an_**
_entire judicial_** _system_ ” [emphasis added in italics and bold italics].

99 We would add that the third statement (reproduced above at [96]) – albeit
referring to the term “legal system” – was held _not_ to be contemptuous in
the court below. We agree with the Judge. Indeed, there is a fundamental
difference between the third statement and the first statement. In the latter,
there is a clear reference to the judicial function of determining liability
and imposition of the death sentence (“determine who lives and who dies on the
gallows”), whereas there is no such unambiguous reference in the former.
Giving the Appellant the benefit of the doubt, as the Judge rightly did, there
is reasonable doubt that the third statement actually referred to the courts.
For the reasons given above, however, the same cannot be said of the first
statement.

100 Put simply, the first statement, whilst short in length is long on meaning
– a meaning that attributes by way of summary and theme to, _inter alia_ , the
_judiciary_ , the role of achieving _sinister_ ends and by “[working] in
secret” at that. The first statement further suggests that the judiciary is
influenced by considerations relating to “politics, international trade and
business” when determining liability for capital offences. This is the _very
antithesis_ of the impartial administration of justice which the judiciary is
pre-eminently responsible for and which is expected as a given by the public
itself. In our view, it is clear, beyond a reasonable doubt, that there is a
real risk that such a statement with such a meaning would undermine public
confidence in the administration of justice in Singapore. We further note that
fair criticism was not raised by the Appellant with respect to the first
statement.

The second statement

101 The second statement is found at page 3 of the book. It refers to the case
of Julia Bohl, a German national who was arrested and initially charged with
the capital offence of trafficking more than 500 grams of cannabis, which was
subsequently reduced to a non-capital offence of trafficking in a smaller
amount:

Shortly before a young German woman, known to have been running a lucrative
drugs ring in Singapore, was sentenced to only five years, of which she served
three for good behaviour – a slap on the wrist which was arranged by the
Singapore government under threat of economic reprisals by the German
government.

102 The Judge noted that the reference to a sentence of “only five years” and
that it was a “slap on the wrist arranged by the Singapore government”
constituted a clear reference to the courts, since sentencing is generally
(and was indeed in that case) the province of the courts (see _Shadrake 1_ at
[89]). Further, the Judge rejected the Appellant’s explanation of the second
statement in which the latter purported to rely on page 142 of Mr Subhas
Anandan’s (“Anandan”) autobiography (Subhas Anandan, _The Best I Could_
(Marshall Cavendish Editions, 2009)). In the Judge’s view, Anandan had merely
stated that the prosecution could _not_ have preferred a capital charge
because the amount of cannabis seized was below the threshold of 500 grams
(see _Shadrake 1_ at [90]). Accordingly the Judge found that the second
statement referred to the courts and was therefore contemptuous.

103 The Appellant contends that a fuller reading of Anandan’s book belies the
interpretation arrived at by the Judge, as follows:

(a) First, the Appellant argues that Anandan did in fact convey the message
that the diplomatic negotiations played a part in the change of charge. This
may be gleaned from two key passages at pages 142 and 143 of Anandan’s book.
To an ordinary reader, the suggestion from Anandan’s book is that the
Australian authorities acted too slowly in lobbying on behalf of Nguyen, and
therefore stood no chance of saving his life, whereas the German embassy acted
early and effectively in negotiating a reduction in the charges put to Bohl.
Accordingly, the Judge’s criticism of the Appellant’s “attitude towards his
sources” is unwarranted, since Anandan’s book, which includes a first-hand
account of the Bohl case, highlights the links between diplomatic negotiations
and prosecutorial decision-making.

(b) Second, the word “court” appears nowhere in the impugned passage. By
contrast, the “Singapore government” is clearly referenced in the passage.

(c) Third, while it is the case that sentencing is generally “the province of
the courts”, courts can only sentence on charges which are brought and proven
by the prosecution. The sting in the Appellant’s attack as borne out by
Anandan’s first-hand testimony is that there was diplomatic influence in the
bringing of charges against Bohl, not in the adjudication of her case. A
contextual view supports this – the Appellant refers at page 8 to the Bohl
case as one in which “[t]he charges against her were suddenly – and
‘miraculously’ – modified”; again a reference to the charging decision, not
the adjudication of the case.

104 In our view, it has _not_ been proven, beyond a reasonable doubt, that the
Appellant had referred to _the courts_ in the second statement simply by
virtue of his reference to a sentence of “only five years” being “a slap on
the wrist arranged by the Singapore government”. A contextual reading of the
second statement suggests that the Appellant could have been referring to how
the Singapore government chose to bring reduced charges against Bohl. While
the Judge is undoubtedly correct that sentencing is within the province of the
courts, the second statement could be read as being a reference to the
diplomatic influence in the _prosecutorial_ decision to bring modified charges
against Bohl. In our view, an average reasonable reader reading the second
statement would be left with the impression that prosecutorial discretion is
sometimes subject to diplomatic influence. This is especially so when one
considers page 8 of the book (in the concluding portion of the chapter
containing the second statement):

This particular execution came at an awkward time for the city state when,
around the same time a German citizen, Julia Suzanne Bohl, who had been under
surveillance for months by narcotics police as a high profile drug trafficker
in Singapore, managed to escape the death penalty through political and
diplomatic pressure from Germany. The _charges against her were suddenly – and
‘miraculously’ – modified_. The _charges were reduced_ to a non-mandatory
death penalty level and she was given five years of which she served only
three. [emphasis added]

105 Accordingly, it _cannot_ , in our view, be said that the second statement
poses a real risk of undermining public confidence in the administration of
justice in so far as the Respondent has failed to prove beyond a reasonable
doubt the logically prior step that the second statement refers to the courts.
In other words, the second statement does not scandalise _the courts_.

The fourth statement

106 The fourth statement, at page 100 of the book, refers to the case of Maria
Krol-Hmelak, who, together with one Peter Johnson, was acquitted of drug
trafficking by the late Lai Kew Chai J (see _Shadrake 1_ at [95]). The fourth
statement (in bold italics) reads as follows:

Following final submissions at the 28th session [of the trial] which began on
29 October, Judge Lai suddenly announced them both not guilty. Krol-Hmelak
could hardly believe her ears. She was free. Completely stunned she burst into
tears sobbing ‘What’s happening? What’s happening?’ She had been in jail for
two and a half years expecting she would end up on the gallows. Instead she
heard cries from embassy officials: ‘You’re free! You are free!’ It was an
extraordinary end to the case in which few believed she would not be found
guilty and hanged. The ‘I didn’t know’ plea had seemingly and perhaps
miraculously worked for her **_but in Singapore funny things tend to happen on
the way to their courtrooms just as funny things happen when they arrive in a
theatre to perform in a comedy show_**. However, in Singapore it has nothing
to do with humour.

In fact, many believe that Krol-Hmelak was guilty. But to hang her following
the uproar over van Damme’s death sentence might not have been wise. **_So it
was very likely a government verdict not a judicial one. Singapore’s judiciary
is not free to decide who should live and who should die when vital business,
economic and diplomatic issues are at stake_**.

[emphasis added in bold italics]

107 In so far as the first portion in bold italics is concerned (“the first
portion”), the Judge held that the Appellant’s comparison of the legal process
to a comedy is clearly mischievous when read alongside his description of how
the judge “suddenly” acquitted Krol-Hmelak, how her plea of ignorance “had
seemingly and perhaps miraculously worked for her”, and his allegation that
“funny things tend to happen” on the way to courtrooms (see _Shadrake 1_ at
[98]). In response to this, the Appellant contends that the Judge had misread
the plain meaning of the first portion of the text in bold italics, arguing
that it could only refer to events which _precede_ court hearings and not
events which take place in the court itself, as the phrasing is that “funny
things happen on the way to their courtrooms”. According to the Appellant, it
would require a stretch in reasoning to suggest that the funny things must
relate to events inside a courtroom.

108 With regard to the second portion in bold italics (“… was very likely a
government verdict not a judicial one. Singapore’s judiciary is not free to
decide who should live and who should die when vital business, economic and
diplomatic issues are at stake”) (“the second portion”), the Judge was of the
view that this was the more serious allegation in the context of the fourth
statement. The Judge further noted that the Appellant’s affidavit had no
explanation for his plain allegation that the court ordered the acquittals
under pressure from the government or as a result of the dictates of business,
economics and diplomacy, rather than the rule of law (see _Shadrake 1_ at
[98]). In response to this, the Appellant contends that the statement was
couched in qualified terms (_viz_ , “it was very likely”), and that this
statement was followed by a lengthy discussion on the course of the
prosecution and trial. The Appellant thus contends that this second portion
amounts to fair criticism.

109 We do not think that there is merit in the Appellant’s arguments. With
regard to the first portion, it is admitted that, on a literal reading, the
reference to funny things happening _on the way_ to the courtrooms may be
thought to introduce reasonable doubt as to whether reference was made to the
courts as opposed to the prosecution. However, we agree with the Judge’s
observation that the Appellant had mischievously juxtaposed several
statements: an average reasonable reader reading the statement would have been
left with the impression that Lai Kew Chai J had played a part in exculpating
Krol-Hmelak for diplomatic – and not legal - reasons. We would additionally
emphasise that, read in context, the Appellant could _not_ have been
commenting on _prosecutorial_ discretion because there was _no mention_ that
Krol-Hmelak’s charges were modified, contrary to the case of Julia Bohl
(discussed above at [101]–[105]). Neither could it be suggested that the
reference to the judiciary not being “free to decide who should live and who
should die” was merely a general critique of the _mandatory_ nature of the
death penalty in Singapore. Such a reading clearly ignores the surrounding
context which is concerned with the _judge’s_ acquittal of Krol-Hmelak.
Accordingly, any impropriety suggested by the Appellant in the fourth
statement must have been aimed squarely _at the judiciary_.

110 This is reinforced by the second portion where the Appellant suggests that
the acquittal of Krol-Hmelak was a “government _verdict_ not a judicial one”
[emphasis added]. This makes clear reference to the act of _verdict-giving_
which is solely within the province of the judiciary. When read together with
the role attributed to Lai Kew Chai J (“Judge Lai _suddenly announced_ them
both not guilty” [emphasis added]), as well as the fact that there was no
mention of any prosecutorial decision on charges being made at this stage, it
is clear, beyond a reasonable doubt, that the fourth statement refers to the
judiciary.

111 The Appellant argues that the fourth statement constitutes “fair
criticism” by virtue of the subsequent reference to defence counsel’s notes at
the trial of Krol-Hmelak. However, it is our view that this does not
constitute a rational basis for the Appellant to have made the fourth
statement, in so far as it is not “supported by argument and evidence” (see
_Tan Liang Joo John_ at [16], quoted at [81] above). The defence counsel’s
notes, as reproduced at pages 101 and 102 of the book, contain no assertion
whatsoever that there was any impropriety on the part of Lai Kew Chai J.
Accordingly, the fourth statement does not amount to fair criticism.

112 In the end, it is clear beyond a reasonable doubt that the fourth
statement poses a real risk of undermining public confidence in the
administration of justice in Singapore.

The fifth statement

113 The fifth statement, at page 3 of the book, is general in nature and reads
as follows:

Many of the cases I have investigated in this book show that justice in
Singapore is patently biased against the weak and disadvantaged while
favouring the wealthy and privileged.

114 The Judge held that “justice in Singapore” is not dispensed by the
prosecution; it is dispensed by the courts (see _Shadrake 1_ at [102]). He
further noted that, when read together with the allegation of “government
verdict” in Krol-Hmelak (see the fourth statement) and his allegations of
favouritism in the sentences of Dinesh Bhatia (see the seventh statement) and
Andrew Veale (see the eighth statement), it becomes apparent that the fifth
statement encompasses cases where the courts are alleged to have favoured the
wealthy and the privileged (see _Shadrake 1_ at [102]).

115 Consistent with our analysis of the first statement, we agree with the
reasoning of the Judge. Whilst “justice in Singapore” may encompass a number
of organisations (including the Attorney-General’s Chambers, which exercises,
_inter alia_ , prosecutorial discretion), the fifth statement unambiguously
refers to the institution which administers justice in a _judicial_ context,
_viz_ , the judiciary. Following from this, the fifth statement alleges
impropriety on the part of the judiciary, inasmuch as the judiciary is
“patently biased against the weak and disadvantaged while favouring the
wealthy and privileged”. This poses a real risk of undermining public
confidence in the administration of justice for the statement expresses the
very _antithesis_ of what the judiciary is sworn to do: to discharge judicial
duties in accordance with the Constitution and the law, without fear or
favour, affection or ill-will.

116 We note that the Appellant does not raise any arguments of fair criticism
with regard to the fifth statement. For completeness, however, we would note
that there is no basis for the Appellant to contend that the fifth statement
was fair criticism because there is no rational basis presented by the
Appellant for the making of the fifth statement. This does not contradict the
Judge’s finding in _Shadrake 1_ (at [104]–[105]) that the _sixth_ statement is
_not_ contemptuous. The sixth statement was specifically addressed to the
_incidence_ of the death penalty, not whether the courts are biased against
certain groups in imposing the death penalty. This is in contradistinction to
the fifth statement, which is a broader allegation of the judiciary’s bias in
general.

The seventh statement

117 The seventh statement, comprising three passages at pages 140–141 of the
book, refers to the case of _Dinesh Singh Bhatia s/o Amarjeet Singh v Public
Prosecutor_ [2005] 3 SLR(R) 1 (“ _Bhatia_ ”), where V K Rajah J reduced the
sentence of the defendant to eight months from the 12 months imposed by the
District Court. The three passages in the seventh statement (in bold italics
below) are found in two paragraphs, which commence by referring to a drug raid
on 7 October 2004 before continuing, as follows:

Of the arrests that night, the most surprising was that of a former High Court
judge’s son, Dinesh Singh Bhatia, 35, a private equity investor. His father,
Amarjeet Singh, a former judicial commissioner and also a senior counsel,
served on the United Nations war crimes tribunal for the Balkans. Dinesh’s
mother, Dr Kanwaljit Soin, was a former Nominated MP and orthopaedic surgeon,
and director of the London-based Help Age International, a global network
helping the disadvantaged elderly. Dinesh was charged with cocaine
consumption, and was facing 10 years behind bars or fined S$20,000 or both.
**_But funny things often seem to happen on the way to court houses in
Singapore. Instead of getting ten years and a heavy fine, Bhatia, was jailed
for only 12 months for consuming cocaine_**. His lawyer, a People’s Action
Party MP, K. Shanmugam, had told the court that Bhatia was not an addict at
all. He was given a drug by a friend but ‘did not know that it was cocaine’
although he had a ‘fleeting suspicion’ the substance could be illegal. ‘He
took in only impulse’, said Shanmugam. **_An internet blogger wryly commented:
‘I would not remotely suggest that it might have helped Bhatia’s case that his
father was a judge, and his mother a former Singapore Member of Parliament.
Ignorance of the law is no defence!’_**

So should Bhatia, a sophisticate about town, have known he was sticking
something illegal up his nose? On 7 April 2005, according to court records,
Bhatia appealed against his 12-month sentence and asked for a heavy fine
instead. Calling the previous sentence ‘excessive’, the appeal judge, VK
Rajah, said that the district judge erred by not tailoring the sentence to fit
the offender and failed to ‘attach adequate weight and merit to all the
relevant mitigating factors.’ He said the trial judge did not adequately
consider the fact that Bhatia’s consumption was neither planned nor purchased.
Justice Rajah then cut Bhatia’s sentence to eight months. **_On 7 July 2005,
The Straits Times reported that Bhatia was ‘now at home serving out his
sentence wearing an electronic tag he cannot remove’. It did not say when this
favourable treatment began_**. [emphasis added in bold italics]

118 The Judge held that the seventh statement was in contempt of court. In
that statement, the Appellant describes Bhatia’s initial sentence as “only 12
months” as opposed to “10 years and a heavy fine”, refers to the identities
and social position of Bhatia’s parents, refers to the sarcastic comment of an
internet blogger that Bhatia’s sentence had nothing to do with the identities
of his parents, and describes Bhatia’s home detention as “favourable
treatment” (see _Shadrake 1_ at [107]). The Judge was of the view that the
juxtaposition of facts is mischievous, and the unmistakable insinuation is
that Bhatia was shown favouritism both in his sentence and the way he served
it (_ibid_).

119 The Judge noted further that, despite the Appellant confirming that he had
read Rajah J’s judgment in _Bhatia_ , the Appellant did not attempt to refer
to and refute the reasons given in Rajah J’s written judgment when such
refutation would have been an obvious thing to do if one was alleging that the
sentence meted out was influenced by favouritism (see _Shadrake 1_ at [109]).

120 We agree with the Judge. The allegation of favouritism is clear from both
the facts and context of the seventh statement and the tone of mock irony does
not even begin to mask this allegation but, on the contrary, exacerbates it.
The central thrust of the seventh statement is clear and is centred on, _inter
alia_ , the premise that the judiciary is susceptible to (and indeed
practises) nepotism at the expense of judicial impartiality and integrity. In
the circumstances, it is clear, beyond a reasonable doubt, that the seventh
statement does constitute a contempt of court. Above all, the public takes the
objectivity of the judicial process as _a given_ – which is simultaneously a
process that does not (and cannot) brook even a hint of favouritism. It is
clear to us that an average reasonable person would realise what the Appellant
was alleging.

121 We are cognisant of the fact that the Appellant had admitted in the court
below that his statement that Bhatia “was jailed for only 12 months” instead
of “getting 10 years and a heavy fine” was a mistake (see _Shadrake 1_ at
[110]) – in other words, the Appellant had conceded that he erred in fact with
regard to the first portion of the seventh statement in bold italics (see
above at [117]). However, this portion cannot be read in isolation but must be
read together with the other portions as an integrated whole. By parity of
reasoning, the Appellant’s qualification found just after the seventh
statement at page 141, read in its context (rather than in isolation), is
disingenuous:

But during my meeting with Anandan he denied that Bhatia received special
treatment because of his family connections. ‘He was treated no differently
than anyone else facing such charges’, he said.

122 As the Judge aptly observed, the attempt by the Appellant to mix-and-match
various observations was but a thinly veiled disguise of what constituted the
true thrust of the statement itself, _viz_ , an allegation of favouritism on
the part of the judiciary. Even then, phrases such as “funny things often seem
to happen on the way to court houses in Singapore” do not even begin to serve
as a mask, as we have seen with a similar approach (as well as turn of phrase)
with regard to the fourth statement (above at [109]).

123 Accordingly, it has been demonstrated beyond a reasonable doubt that the
seventh statement poses a real risk of undermining public confidence in the
administration of justice. We note that the statement does not constitute fair
criticism as the Appellant did not evidence a rational basis for it. In
particular, we endorse the Judge’s pertinent observation that the Appellant
did not attempt to refer to and refute the reasons given in Rajah J’s written
judgment (see _Shadrake 1_ at [109]).

The eighth statement

124 The eighth statement, at page 141 of the book, refers to the cases of
Andrew Veale and Penelope Pang, two other drug consumers who were caught in
the same operation as Dinesh Bhatia (see _Shadrake 1_ at [112]). It reads as
follows:

Briton Andrew Veale, a top financial broker and a 10 year resident, who drove
a Rolls Royce often with his Singaporean girlfriend, Penelope Pang Su-yin, 35,
daughter of the organiser of the Miss Universe pageant, were next to appear in
court. They too got off lightly with jail sentences amounting to no more than
eight months with remission. Veale, was a broker with Structured Credit Desk
dealing in derivatives and financial products, and the sort of people
Singapore needs.

125 The Judge held that the assertions that Veale and Pang “got off lightly
with jail sentences amounting to no more than eight months with remission” and
that Veale “was the sort of people Singapore needs” clearly insinuate that
Veale and Pang were given light sentences by the court due to extraneous
considerations (see _Shadrake 1_ at [113]). He noted further that there was no
rational basis for the Appellant’s insinuation that the court sentencing Veale
gave him a light sentence because he was “the sort of people Singapore needs”
(_ibid_).

126 The Appellant sought to characterise this statement as a straightforward
recitation of Veale and Pang’s sentence with a sober assessment that they “got
off lightly”.

127 We reject this argument. It is our view that the eighth statement, which
insinuates that a light sentence was given by the court due to extraneous
considerations, poses, beyond a reasonable doubt, a real risk of undermining
public confidence in the administration of justice. We note that the Appellant
did not raise any argument of fair criticism with regard to this particular
statement. For completeness, however, we would note that the eighth statement
cannot amount to fair criticism for the reasons given by the Judge in the
court below (_ibid_).

The ninth, tenth and eleventh statements

128 The ninth to eleventh statements can be taken together. They refer to the
case of Vignes Mourthi, who was convicted of drug trafficking and sentenced to
death (see _Public Prosecutor v Vignes s/o Mourthi & Anor_ [2002] SGHC 240,
affirmed in _Vignes s/o Mourthi v Public Prosecutor_ [2003] 3 SLR(R) 105) (see
_Shadrake 1_ at [115]). The statements are, respectively, as follows:

(a) The ninth statement, at page 162 of the book, reads as follows:

No doubt many members of Singapore’s judiciary were also aware of what was
going on behind the scenes concerning the rape, sodomy and corruption charges
hanging over Rajkumar, yet not one of them had the guts to speak out in
protest.

(b) The tenth statement, at page 163 of the book, reads as follows:

But I can reveal, following intensive inquiries and talking in confidence to
several lawyers on condition that I would not expose them to the authorities
in any way, that the high echelons of the judiciary and prosecution from the
Attorney General down knew all about Rajkumar and were intent on keeping his
evil, corrupt deeds under wraps until Vignes Mourthi was hanged.

(c) The eleventh statement, at page 165 of the book, the last page of the
chapter on the case of Vignes Mourthi, reads as follows:

Here the words of the Nobel Laureate, Amartya Sen, seem the most appropriate
postscript to the sordid tale of the death of Vignes Mourti [_sic_]:

… Democracy becomes dysfunctional when the bureaucracy, the judiciary, the
legislature, the private sector, the police and the military all use their
power to enrich themselves and advance their own interests at the expense of
civil society. Laws not withstanding, corruption undermines the rule of law.

129 The statements set out in the preceding paragraph relate to the fact that
Sgt Rajkumar from the Central Narcotics Bureau was under investigation for
offences under the Prevention of Corruption Act (Cap 241, 2002 Rev Ed) at
about the same time as he was giving evidence in Mourthi’s case (see _Shadrake
1_ at [116]). Sgt Rajkumar was subsequently convicted on the same corruption
offences (see _Public Prosecutor v S Rajkumar_ [2005] SGDC 77). The charges
related, among other things, to offering a bribe to a woman he was alleged to
have raped, in an attempt to induce her to withdraw her complaints (_ibid_).
This, the Appellant alleges, was not disclosed to the trial judge in Mourthi’s
case.

130 The Appellant argues that the ninth, tenth and eleventh statements bookend
a crucial and carefully transcribed conversation between the Appellant and
Anandan (who represented both Mourthi and Sgt Rajkumar). The Appellant further
submits that the totality of the analysis (at pages 148–165 of the book)
represents a carefully researched and finely worded consideration of a
potential miscarriage of justice. Accordingly, the Appellant argues that
reasonable inferences are drawn (deriving from statistical analysis of the
make-up of the judiciary documented by Ross Worthington in “Between Hermes and
Themis: An Empirical Study of the Contemporary Judiciary in Singapore” (2001)
28(4) Journal of Law and Society 490). The statements, the Appellant argues,
by no means exceed the bounds of fair criticism required for establishing
liability for scandalising contempt.

131 We reject these arguments. In our view, the ninth, tenth and eleventh
statements are clear instances of scandalising contempt. As observed by the
Judge, the Appellant stated that the high echelons of the judiciary, by which
he must mean the judges of the Supreme Court, _knew_ about Sgt Rajkumar’s
misdeeds and were deliberately and culpably suppressing the fact of the
investigation into his acts and the proceedings against him until after
Mourthi was executed (see _Shadrake 1_ at [120]). In the circumstances, it is
clear, beyond a reasonable doubt, that there is a real risk of undermining
public confidence in the administration of justice.

132 We also agree with the Judge’s analysis that there is no rational basis
for the ninth, tenth and eleventh statements. The Appellant asserted that the
subordinate judiciary, which deals with 95% of the cases in Singapore, and the
prosecutors, are both drawn from the ranks of the Legal Service, and that in
light of this, the judiciary would have known of the proceedings against Sgt
Rajkumar (see _Shadrake 1_ at [121]). Reference was made to the fact that some
of the judges of the Supreme Court were elevated from the subordinate courts,
or had served stints at the Attorney-General’s Chambers (see _Shadrake 1_ at
[121]). The Judge rejected this as being too incredible and attenuated to form
a rational basis for the Appellant’s grave assertion that the trial judge and
the high echelons of the judiciary knew of Sgt Rajkumar’s misdeeds and were
complicit in the suppression of possibly exculpatory evidence in a capital
case (see _Shadrake 1_ at [121]).

133 Finally, we share the Judge’s view that the quotation from Amartya Sen was
clearly directed at the Vignes Mourthi case, as is evident from the phrase
(“most appropriate postscript to the sordid tale of the death of Vignes Mourti
[_sic_]”). The Appellant was clearly insinuating (via the aforementioned
quotation) that the Singapore judges “use their power to enrich themselves and
advance their own interests at the expense of civil society” (see _Shadrake 1_
at [122]). A statement of this nature evidently poses, beyond a reasonable
doubt, a real risk of undermining public confidence in the administration of
justice. We therefore agree that this statement is in contempt of court.

The thirteenth statement

134 Although the Judge analysed the thirteenth and fourteenth statements
together, we propose to analyse the statements separately as they emanate from
different chapters in the book.

135 The thirteenth statement is to be found at page 217 of the book, and reads
as follows:

_The absence of independence in a compliant judiciary_ and a media silenced
through state ownership and the ever-present threat of defamation and libel
suits has created a climate for the suppression of basic political freedoms.
[emphasis added]

136 This particular statement explicitly states that the judiciary is
compliant and not independent, and accordingly (indeed, obviously, in our
view) presents a real risk of undermining public confidence in the
administration of justice. As noted by the Judge (see _Shadrake 1_ at [126]),
similar statements have been held to be contemptuous in other decisions, for
example, _Attorney-General v Pang Cheng Lian_ [1974–1976] SLR(R) 271;
_Zimmerman_ ; _Wain_ ; _Lingle_ ; _Chee Soon Juan_ ; and _Hertzberg_ (although
this should not be taken to mean that criticisms of the judiciary’s conduct
and partiality should as a matter of course constitute contempt: see [84]
above). Accordingly, the focus _vis-à-vis_ the thirteenth statement is the
applicability of the concept of fair criticism.

137 In making the thirteenth statement, the Appellant refers to the report of
the International Bar Association’s Human Rights Institute, _Prosperity versus
individual rights? Human rights, democracy and the rule of law in Singapore_
(July 2008) (“the IBA Report”) (see _Shadrake 1_ at [127]). The extract of the
IBA Report quoted by the Judge (see _Shadrake 1_ at [130]) is as follows (see
page 70 of the IBA Report):

… in cases involving PAP [People’s Action Party] litigants or PAP interests,
there are concerns about an actual or apparent lack of impartiality and/or
independence, which casts doubt on the decisions made in such cases. Although
this may not go so far as claimed by some non-governmental organisations,
which allege that the judiciary is entirely controlled by the will of the
executive, there are sufficient reasons to worry about the influence of the
executive over judicial decision making. Regardless of any actual
interference, the reasonable suspicion of interference is sufficient. In
addition, it appears that some of the objective characteristics of judicial
independence, including security of tenure, separation from the executive
branch and administrative independence may be absent from the Singapore
judicial system.

138 As is clear, although the discussion of the IBA Report does precede the
paragraph in which the thirteenth statement is found, the latter is _more
general_ in nature. This is not surprising as it occurs in the very last
chapter of the book where, broad themes are – as is usual with final chapters
- drawn together in an overall conclusion (indeed, this particular chapter is
entitled “Whither Singapore?”). In this regard, it bears quoting in full the
entire paragraph in which the thirteenth statement is located (the thirteenth
statement is in bold italics in the passage that follows):

Today Singapore is an extremely wealthy, globalised city-state. But far from
giving its political elite the ‘confidence and maturity’ to open up the
political system, to tolerate dissent and criticism and to protect fundamental
human rights, the PAP government has actually chosen to go in the opposite
direction. It has solidified its near monopoly on the political apparatus of
the state by perverting the rights guaranteed in the Constitution through the
passage and arbitrary enforcement of unconstitutional domestic laws. **_The
absence of independence in a compliant judiciary and a media silenced through
state ownership and the ever-present threat of defamation and libel suits has
created a climate for the suppression of basic political freedoms_**. And in
that context there is simply _no meaningful debate about the death penalty and
its repercussions_. [emphasis added]

139 In our view, the paragraph just quoted is general in nature. The
reference, therefore, to “[t]he absence of independence in a compliant
judiciary” appears to be a general one that is a sweeping indictment of the
judiciary in the final chapter of the book. The seriousness of this allegation
calls for a highly cogent rational basis (see _Shadrake 1_ at [72]). In this
regard, the IBA Report, which focuses on _defamation_ without the slightest
reference to the death penalty, cannot provide a rational basis for the
insinuation that debate – and _a fortiori_ “meaningful debate” – about the
_death penalty_ is “suppress[ed]” by a “compliant judiciary”. The thirteenth
statement therefore does not constitute fair criticism. In fact, as noted in
[136] above, it poses, beyond a reasonable doubt, a real risk of undermining
public confidence in the administration of justice, and accordingly amounts to
scandalising contempt.

The fourteenth statement

140 The fourteenth statement is found at page 207 of the book. It reads as
follows:

The ruling party in Singapore often sues those who dare oppose it on trumped
up defamation charges, forcing many into bankruptcy or exile.

141 The Appellant argued in the court below that this statement was directed
at the political tactics of the ruling party. The Judge rejected this argument
on the basis that the Appellant’s insinuation that “trumped up defamation
charges” are nevertheless successful “in forcing many into bankruptcy or
exile” is clearly directed at the courts (see _Shadrake 1_ at [126]).

142 In our view, this particular statement is similar to the second statement
inasmuch as there is no reference (either on a literal or contextual reading)
to the judiciary as such. Indeed, the focus appears to be on “[t]he ruling
party in Singapore”. This interpretation is buttressed by the phrase “often
sues” as well as by the sentences immediately before and after (which discuss
executive – as opposed to judicial – action). Whilst it is true that
defamation as well as bankruptcy proceedings do involve the courts, it appears
that the Appellant’s focus is (as just mentioned) on whom he perceives are
_the initiators_ of such proceedings and, more importantly, their motives for
initiating such proceedings (hence, the use of words such as “trumped up” and
“charges”, the latter word of which is more appropriate to the criminal
context (although it is unclear whether the Appellant was consciously
utilising the analogy of criminal prosecution)). It is true that the
fourteenth statement could also be interpreted as referring to the courts in
so far as the courts must arrive at decisions that have the result of “forcing
many into bankruptcy or exile”. On yet another interpretation, one could state
that the courts would have arrived at the decisions they did based on the
relevant principles of law, although (in the Appellant’s view) this would have
the effect just mentioned. However, there is, in our view, no clear reference
to the courts as such. Put simply, the Respondent has not proved, _beyond a
reasonable doubt_ , that the fourteenth statement is in contempt of court and
we so hold.

Conclusion

143 In summary, we agree with the Judge’s findings that the first, fourth,
fifth, seventh, eighth, ninth, tenth, eleventh and thirteenth statements are
contemptuous. These statements scandalise the very core of the mission and
function of the judiciary. More than that, their cumulative effect reveals a
marshalling of a series of fabrications, distortions and false imputations in
relation to the courts of Singapore. While the Appellant is free to engage in
the debate for or against capital punishment, he is not free to deliberately
and systematically scandalise the courts in attempting to substantiate his
case against capital punishment.

144 However, we differ from the Judge’s findings in that we do _not_ find the
second and fourteenth statements to be contemptuous.

145 We turn now to the issue of sentence.

The issue of sentence

The applicable principles

146 It is important to note at the outset that sentencing, by its very nature,
is not an exact science. Neither is it – nor ought it ever to be - an
arbitrary exercise of raw discretion. The court concerned follows guidelines.
However, guidelines are precisely what they mean and must not be applied as if
they are writ in jurisprudential stone.

147 Some of the more common sentencing guidelines or factors in the context of
contempt proceedings include the following: the culpability of the contemnor;
the nature and gravity of the contempt (see, _eg_ , _Tan Liang Joo John_ at
[31]); the seriousness of the occasion on which the contempt was committed
(_ibid_); the number of contemptuous statements made (see, _eg_ , _Zimmerman_
at [51] and _Hertzberg_ at [59]); the type and extent of dissemination of the
contemptuous statements; the importance of deterring would-be contemnors from
following suit (see, _eg_ , _Tan Liang Joo John_ at [31]); whether the
contemnor is a repeat offender (see, _eg_ , _Hertzberg_ at [59]); and whether
or not the contemnor was remorseful (this particular factor being embodied
paradigmatically in a sincere apology (see, _eg_ , _Hertzberg_ at [59] and
_Tan Liang Joo John_ at [39])). However, the categories of guidelines or
factors are obviously not closed and much would depend, in the final analysis,
on the precise facts and context concerned.

148 What is clear, in our view, however, is that _there is no starting-point
of imprisonment for the offence of scandalising contempt_. The authority that
is apparently to the contrary, _viz_ , _Chee Soon Juan_ did not, on a close
reading of the decision itself, lay down such a broad and sweeping
proposition. Indeed, it is only logical and commonsensical that the sanction
imposed – whether it be a fine or imprisonment (or a combination of both) –
will depend, in the final analysis, on the precise facts and context of each
case.

Our decision

149 We have differed somewhat from the Judge on the issue of liability
inasmuch as we have found that nine (instead of eleven) of the fourteen
impugned statements are in contempt of court. However, the nine statements
that are in contempt of court constitute serious acts of scandalising
contempt, as we have noted above at [143]. Indeed, as the Judge aptly pointed
out in _Shadrake 2_ at [28], the sheer breadth and gravity of the Appellant’s
allegations of judicial impropriety were

… without precedent in terms of their specificity, the number of judges
targeted (the whole Supreme Court bench in Vignes Mourthi’s case) and their
gravity, pertaining as they did to cases concerning the life and liberty of
those who come before the courts. In particular they surpass the allegations
made in _Chee Soon Juan_ ( … ) and _Tan Liang Joo_ ( … ), where sentences of
imprisonment were imposed. …

150 Further, although the precise extent of circulation in Singapore was not
established, counsel for the Appellant, Mr Ravi, had candidly stated during
the hearing on liability that “many lawyers are turning up in droves to buy –
to have a copy of the book” (see _Shadrake 2_ at [27]), and that almost 6,000
copies had been sold in Singapore as well as overseas. The Judge also observed
that the impugned statements were also made in a “more enduring medium than
journals or magazines” (_ibid_).

151 There are also no mitigating factors whatsoever in this case that could
possibly be considered in the Appellant’s favour. The Judge has dealt with
this issue comprehensively in the court below. We would only emphasise the
fact that there has not been an iota of remorse demonstrated by the Appellant
who continues to stand by the statements made. The Appellant’s utter lack of
remorse is exemplified by his interview with the _Guardian_ as well as his
expressed intention to produce a second edition of the book. The _Guardian_
article was based on an interview with the Appellant, made after the Judge
delivered the written judgment with regard to liability for contempt (in
_Shadrake 1_) and after the Appellant had had a chance to review the Judge’s
reasons for finding him in contempt for eleven out of the fourteen statements
impugned by the Respondent. Amongst other things, the Appellant insisted in
the interview that the book was “devastatingly accurate” and declared that:
“[t]his story is never going away. I’ll keep it on the boil for as long as I
live. They’re going to regret they ever started this.” (see _Shadrake 2_ at
[3]). In so far as the Appellant’s intention to produce a second edition of
the book is concerned, the Judge found this act of defiance to be
“unprecedented in our case law” which called for “a strong element of specific
deterrence in determining the sentence.” (_Shadrake 2_ at [35]).
Notwithstanding this, the Appellant instructed his counsel to inform the Judge
during the hearing on sentence that he did not mean to allege a cover-up by
the “high echelons of the judiciary” in Vignes Mourthi’s case, despite his
express words to the contrary in the book. However, the Judge found that the
Appellant’s proposal to apologise must be regarded as “nothing more than a
tactical ploy to obtain a reduced sentence” (see _Shadrake 2_ at [34]). We
should, in fairness to the Appellant, note that the publication of the second
edition of the book might not be an aggravating factor provided it does not
contain the impugned statements. That having been said, even assuming that
this is the case, we fail to see how it could – from the perspective of logic
and commonsense – constitute a _mitigating_ factor in the Appellant’s favour.

152 What the Appellant chooses to do (or, as the case may be, not to do) is,
of course, his prerogative but he cannot complain if the court takes into
account – as it must – such conduct as mentioned above in arriving at the
sentence to be meted out to him. He cannot expect mitigating factors to be
exercised in his favour when his conduct steadfastly prevents such factors
from coming into existence in the first place. He cannot have it both ways.

153 Notwithstanding that we have found two of the eleven statements
(originally found to be contemptuous by the Judge) not to be contemptuous,
having regard to the other factors which we have dealt with above, this is
still the worst case of scandalising contempt that has hitherto come before
the Singapore courts. In our view, the Appellant’s conduct merits a
substantial custodial sentence.

154 We pause at this juncture to respectfully disagree with the Judge in so
far as he granted the Appellant an unquantified discount (albeit “entirely
undeserved” and “which will and should not be taken as a precedent”) in the
sentence meted out in order “to signal that the courts have no interest in
stifling legitimate debate on the death penalty and other areas of law” (see
_Shadrake 2_ at [42]). It is clear that debate on the death penalty as well as
other areas of law has been – and will _always_ be \- open to all. _However_ ,
when conduct crosses the legal line and constitutes scandalising contempt, it
is _no longer legitimate_ and, _ex hypothesi_ , a discount cannot be accorded
to the contemnor for doing the very thing which is an _abuse_ of the right to
free speech in general and the right to engage in _legitimate_ debate with
regard to the topic (or topics) concerned in particular.

155 Nonetheless, while we disagree with the Judge’s application of a discount,
we affirm the Judge’s sentence meted out in the court below. First, we would
emphasise a point noted earlier (at [87]), _viz_ , that the Respondent did not
file a cross-appeal against the Judge’s decision on both liability as well as
sentence, opining instead that:[note: 1]

The sentence of 6 weeks’ imprisonment and fine of $20,000 imposed by the Judge
is certainly not excessive and in fact, is on the low end of the condign
punishment that could have been meted out.

Second, as noted above, we have found that two of the statements originally
found to be contemptuous by the Judge were not in fact contemptuous, _ie_ ,
only nine (instead of eleven) of the fourteen impugned statements were found
by us to be contemptuous.

156 In the premises, we affirm the sentence imposed by the Judge below with
regard to both fine as well as imprisonment. The Appellant is therefore to
serve a sentence of six weeks’ imprisonment and is to pay a fine of $20,000
(in default of which the Appellant is to serve a further two weeks in prison,
with such further term to run consecutively to the first).

157 The Judge’s costs order in the court below stands. The usual consequential
orders will apply. The costs of the present appeal are to be taxed if not
agreed.

* * *

[note: 1]See the Respondent’s Case (filed 1 April 2011), para 223

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

****

**  
27 May 2011  
  
Media Summary  
  
_Alan Shadrake v Attorney-General  
_Civil Appeal No 212 of 2010  
**  
**Decision of the Court of Appeal**

**Background**

1 This case arose from an application by the Attorney-General to commit Mr
Alan Shadrake (“the Appellant”), the author of _Once a Jolly Hangman:
Singapore Justice in the Dock_ , for contempt of court on the ground of
scandalising the judiciary (“scandalising contempt”) in relation to certain
passages contained in the book.

2 The High Court judge (“the Judge”) found the Appellant in contempt of court
for eleven out of fourteen of the impugned statements and sentenced him to six
weeks’ imprisonment and a fine of $20,000 (or, in default, two weeks’
imprisonment).

3 The main issues raised in this appeal were encompassed within the following
three grounds of appeal relied upon by the Appellant:

(a) First, in so far as the **relevant legal principles** are concerned, the
Appellant argued that the Judge had erred in his statement of the test for
liability for scandalising contempt;

(b) Second, on **the application of the law to the facts** , the Appellant
argued that the Judge had erred in his interpretation of the passages held to
have given rise to the contempt; and

(c) Third, concerning **the sentence imposed** , the Appellant argued that the
sentence meted out by the Judge was manifestly excessive.  
  
**The relevant legal principles  
**  
_The offence of scandalising the court_  
  
4 The Court of Appeal emphasised that the law relating to contempt of court
operates against the broader legal canvass of the right to freedom of speech
that is embodied both within Article 14 of the Constitution of the Republic of
Singapore as well as the common law. The issue is one of _balance_ : just as
the law relating to contempt of court ought not to unduly infringe the right
to freedom of speech, by the same token, that right is not an absolute one,
for its untrammelled abuse would be a negation of the right itself.  
  
5 The Court of Appeal also noted that an act of scandalising contempt is a
public injury rather than a private tort. The fundamental purpose of the law
on contempt is _to ensure that public confidence in the administration of
justice is not undermined_ ; it is _not_ intended to protect the dignity of
judges.  
  
_The “real risk” test  
  
_6 Regarding the _actus reus_ (_ie_ , what conduct would be considered as
constituting scandalising contempt), the Court of Appeal held that:  
  
(a) The “inherent tendency” test does not represent the law in Singapore. The
“real risk” test, namely, that a statement in question must pose a real risk
of undermining public confidence in the administration of justice before it is
held to be contemptuous, is the applicable test _vis-à-vis_ liability for
scandalising contempt in Singapore. The adoption of the terminology of “real
risk” conveys precisely the nature of the legal test to layperson and lawyer
alike, thus avoiding controversy and misunderstanding.  
  
(b) The “real risk” test is an adequate formulation in and of itself and
requires no further theoretical elaboration. It is a test that means precisely
what it says: Is there a real risk that the impugned statement has undermined
– or might undermine – public confidence in the administration of justice
(here, in Singapore)?  
  
(c) The Appellant’s counsel nevertheless attempted to introduce the “clear and
present danger” test under the guise of the “real risk” test by arguing that a
“real risk” arises only when there is “clear and present danger” to
undermining public confidence in the administration of justice. This is a
flawed argument. Both concepts do not have the same meaning. The “clear and
present danger” test establishes a higher threshold for liability than the
“real risk” test. As between these two tests, the “real risk” test is already
a weighty one and pays far more attention to the balance between the right to
freedom of speech on the one hand and its abuse on the other. This test is the
predominant (indeed, almost exclusive) test that applies throughout the
Commonwealth.

_The concept of fair criticism  
  
_7 Regarding the concept of fair criticism, the Court of Appeal held that:  
  
(a) There is potential ambiguity with regard to the precise role and operation
of the concept of fair criticism in Commonwealth case law and (possibly) even
legislation. It preferred viewing the concept of fair criticism as going
towards _liability_ , as opposed to being a _defence_ , for contempt of court.  
  
(b) The court ought always to apply this concept, not only in relation to _the
precise facts and context, but also bearing in mind the following key question
throughout_ : does the impugned statement constitute fair criticism, or does
it go on to cross the legal line by posing a real risk of undermining public
confidence in the administration of justice – in which case it would
constitute contempt instead?  
  
**Application of the law to the facts  
**  
8 The Court of Appeal agreed with the Judge’s findings that the first, fourth,
fifth, seventh, eighth, ninth, tenth, eleventh and thirteenth statements were
in contempt. However, contrary to the Judge’s findings, the second and
fourteenth statements were found _not_ to be in contempt.  
  
9 The Court of Appeal nevertheless emphasised that the nine statements found
to be in contempt (at paragraph 143 of the written judgment):

_... scandalise the very core of the mission and function of the judiciary.
More than that, their cumulative effect reveals a marshalling of a series of
fabrications, distortions and false imputations in relation to the courts of
Singapore. While the Appellant is free to engage in the debate for or against
capital punishment, he is not free to deliberately and systematically
scandalise the courts in attempting to substantiate his case against capital
punishment._

**Sentencing  
  
**10 Regarding the issue of sentence, the Court of Appeal held as follows:  
  
(a) Sentencing, by its very nature, is neither an exact science nor an
arbitrary exercise of raw discretion. The court concerned follows guidelines,
but these must not be applied as if they are writ in stone. It must also be
noted that there is _no starting-point of imprisonment for the offence of
scandalising contempt_. The sanction imposed – whether it be a fine or
imprisonment (or a combination of both) – will depend, in the final analysis,
on the precise facts and context of each case.  
  
(b) The Judge ought not to have granted a discount in the sentence in order to
signal that the courts have no interest in stifling legitimate debate on the
death penalty and other areas of law. It is clear that debate on the death
penalty as well as other areas of law has been – and _always_ will be − open
to all. _However_ , when conduct crosses the legal line and constitutes
scandalising contempt, it is _no longer legitimate_ and a discount cannot be
accorded to the contemnor for _abusing_ his right to free speech.  
  
11 Notwithstanding the fact that the Court of Appeal found two of the eleven
statements (originally found to be contemptuous by the Judge) not to be
contemptuous, having regard to the other factors, this was still the worst
case of scandalising contempt that had hitherto come before the Singapore
courts. The Appellant’s conduct therefore merited a substantial custodial
sentence.  
  
12 Despite the rejection of a discount, the Court of Appeal emphasised the
fact that the Respondent had not filed a cross-appeal against the Judge’s
decision on both liability and sentence. Indeed, the Respondent opined that
the sentence was not excessive. The Court of Appeal also observed that it had
found that two of the statements originally found to be contemptuous by the
Judge were not in fact contemptuous (_ie_ , only nine (instead of eleven) out
of the original fourteen statements alleged to be contemptuous were found to
be contemptuous).  
  
13 In the circumstances, the Court of Appeal affirmed the Judge’s decision in
the court below to sentence the Appellant to six weeks’ imprisonment and to a
fine of $20,000 (in default of which the Appellant is to serve a further two
weeks in prison, with such further term to run consecutively to the first).

This summary is provided to assist in the understanding of the Court’s
judgment. It is not intended to be a substitute for the reasons of the
Court.****

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 27 May 2011 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

