Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Teo Wai Cheong _v_ Crédit Industriel et Commercial  
[2011] SGCA 13

Case Number| :| Civil Appeal No 99 of 2010  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 11 April 2011  
Tribunal/Court| :| Court of Appeal  
Coram| :|  Chan Sek Keong CJ; Andrew Phang Boon Leong JA; V K Rajah JA  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  C R Rajah SC (Tan Rajah & Cheah) and Sean Lim Thian Siong
and Gong Chin Nam (Hin Tat Augustine & Partners) for the appellant; Manoj
Sandrasegara, Smitha Rajan Menon, Aw Wen Ni and Daniel Chan (WongPartnership
LLP) for the respondent.  
Parties| :|  Teo Wai Cheong — Crédit Industriel et Commercial  
  
[LawNet Editorial Note: The decision from which this appeal arose is reported
at [2010] 3 SLR 1149.]

11 April 2011| Judgment reserved.  
---|---  
  
Chan Sek Keong CJ (delivering the judgment of the court):

Introduction

1 This is an appeal against the decision of a Judicial Commissioner to allow a
claim by the respondent, Crédit Industriel et Commercial (“CIC”), a French
bank, against the appellant, Mr Teo Wai Cheong (“Teo”), its former private
banking client, for sums due under five financial products known as
“accumulators” (“the Disputed Accumulators”) (see _Crédit Industriel et
Commercial v Teo Wai Cheong_ [2010] 3 SLR 1149 (“GD”)).

Background

2 Ms Ng Su Ming (“Ng”) was Teo’s banking relationship manager (“RM”) at CIC.
Ng and Teo have known each other since 2004. Ng was also Teo’s RM when she was
working at Citibank Singapore. Teo became a private banking customer of CIC
when Ng moved to CIC in 2006.[note: 2]

3 Teo’s financial products made with or through CIC were initially in foreign
exchange options, equity linked notes and shares[note: 3]. In June 2007, Ng
introduced Teo to accumulators which were, at that time, new financial
products.[note: 4]

4 The features of an accumulator are not disputed.[note: 5] An accumulator is
essentially a transaction in which an investor agrees to periodically purchase
a quantity of shares of a specified counter from a counterparty at a discount
to the market price of the counter at the beginning of the transaction. We
will refer to the market price of the counter at the beginning of the
transaction as “the Spot Price” and the discounted price as “the Forward
Price”. The documents sometimes refer to the Spot Price as “the Initial Price”
and the Forward Price as “the Strike Price”. The investor’s obligation to
periodically purchase shares may be prematurely terminated by agreement. The
accumulator will also terminate if the market price of the shares rises above
a specified price known as “the Knock-out Price”. The accumulator will,
however, continue for a specified period if it provides for a guaranteed
purchase (“Guaranteed Purchase”).[note: 6]

5 The amount of shares that the investor is required to purchase under the
accumulator will depend on the market price of the shares at the end of each
period. The length of each period may be a day, a week or a month. If the
market price at the end of a particular period closes at or above the Forward
Price, the investor must purchase a specified quantity of shares at the
Forward Price[note: 7]. If, however, the market price on that day falls below
the Forward Price, the investor must purchase _double_ the specified quantity
of shares at the Forward Price (“the Doubling Feature”).[note: 8]

6 A numerical example will help in understanding how an accumulator operates.
The following table summarises the key terms of a typical accumulator involved
in the present appeal:[note: 9]

Table 1

**Term** |  **Particulars**  
---|---  
Spot Price |  S$1.7950  
Forward Price |  S$1.6335  
Knock-out Price |  S$1.8489  
Share accumulations per day |  1,000 shares if the market price closes at or above the Forward Price. 2,000 shares if the market price closes below the Forward Price.  
  
  

If the market price at the end of a particular period (in this accumulator,
the period is a day) is S$1.70, the investor will have to accumulate 1,000
shares at the price of S$1.6335 per share. This is because the market price at
the end of the day was higher than the Forward Price but lower than the Knock-
out Price. However, if the market price at the end of the day is S$1.60, which
is a figure that is less than the Forward Price, the investor will have to
accumulate 2,000 shares at the same price of S$1.6335 per share. If the market
price at the end of the day is S$1.90, the accumulator will be knocked-out.
The obligations of the investor will cease. However, he is entitled to retain
any shares that he has accumulated before the accumulator is knocked-out.

7 Another feature of an accumulator which should be noted is the maximum
liability of an investor under an accumulator. Assuming that the accumulator
does not knock-out prematurely, the investor’s maximum obligation under the
accumulator in dollar terms is the cost of any Guaranteed Purchase plus his
cost of purchasing double the specified quantity of shares at the Forward
Price for each period (“the Maximum Obligation”).[note: 10]

The process for establishing accumulators

8 CIC did not structure the accumulators that are the subject of this appeal
entirely by itself. CIC first entered into accumulators with other banks. CIC
then entered into accumulators with its clients. It is necessary for us to
describe CIC’s process for establishing accumulators for its clients because
the process is relevant to Teo’s defence that he had never authorised the
purchase of the five accumulators which is the subject matter of CIC’s claim.

9 CIC’s order process, so far as relevant to the issues on appeal, is as
follows. If a client decides to enter into an accumulator transaction, he will
instruct his RM to establish an accumulator at a range of prices and for an
approximate range of Maximum Obligation.[note: 11] The RM will then place the
order with CIC’s private bank advisory office (“PBA”).[note: 12] It should be
noted that the RM’s conversations with PBA’s officers are recorded. Before
placing the order with PBA, the RM may consolidate orders placed by the client
with orders placed by other clients.[note: 13] Mr Jean Luc-Anglada
(“Anglada”), CIC’s regional manager for the Asia Pacific region, deposed that
it is common for RMs to consolidate orders placed by their clients because
some banks have a minimum order requirement.[note: 14] PBA will then place the
RM’s order with CIC’s counterparty.[note: 15] It should be noted that the
conversations between PBA’s officers and the officers of CIC’s counterparty
are also recorded. If the order is successful, the RM will provide a customer
services officer (“CSO”) with a breakdown of the individual orders placed by
each of his clients if the order was a consolidated order.[note: 16] The CSO
will enter the breakdown into CIC’s database to establish accumulators between
CIC and each client.[note: 17] CIC will then generate and send confirmation
notes for the transaction to each client.[note: 18]

The Disputed Accumulators

10 Ng entered into 20 accumulators on behalf of Teo. The particulars of those
accumulators are summarised in the following table:[note: 19]

Table 2

**Serial Number** |  **Trade date** |  **Shares to be accumulated** |  **Status**  
---|---|---|---  
1 |  20 July 2007 |  Noble Group Limited |  Knocked-out on 23 July 2007  
2 |  25 July 2007 |  Noble Group Limited |  Knocked-out on 24 September 2007  
3 |  1 August 2007 |  Keppel Corporation Limited |  Knocked-out on 3 August 2007  
4 |  13 August 2007 |  Keppel Corporation Limited |  Knocked-out on 27 August 2007  
5 |  15 August 2007 |  Keppel Corporation Limited |  Knocked-out on 23 August 2007  
6 |  10 September 2007 |  Keppel Corporation Limited |  Knocked-out on 12 September 2007  
7 |  13 September 2007 |  DBS Group Holdings Limited |  Knocked-out on 19 September 2007  
8 |  13 September 2007 |  DBS Group Holdings Limited |  Knocked-out on 20 September 2007  
9 |  18 September 2007 |  DBS Group Holdings Limited |  Knocked-out on 19 September 2007  
10 |  25 September 2007 |  Neptune Orient Lines Limited (“NOL”) |  Knocked-out on 1 October 2007  
11 |  25 September 2007 |  Cosco Corporation (S) Limited (“Cosco”) |  Knocked-out on 26 September 2007  
12 |  27 September 2007 |  China Energy Limited (“CE”) |  Knocked-out on 28 September 2007  
13 |  1 October 2007 |  CE |  Knocked-out on 2 October 2007  
14 |  1 October 2007 |  Cosco |  Knocked-out on 2 October 2007  
15 |  2 October 2007 |  CE |  Terminated prematurely; disputed in these proceedings.  
16 |  2 October 2007 |  CE |  Terminated prematurely; disputed in these proceedings.  
17 |  2 October 2007 |  CE |  Terminated prematurely; disputed in these proceedings.  
18 |  2 October 2007 |  CE |  Terminated prematurely; disputed in these proceedings.  
19 |  3 October 2007 |  Sembcorp Marine Limited (“Sembcorp”) |  Knocked-out on 18 October 2007  
20 |  3 October 2007 |  CE |  Terminated prematurely; disputed in these proceedings.  
  
  

Teo does not dispute that he authorised CIC to enter into 14 of those
accumulators (“the Undisputed Accumulators”).[note: 20] We should add that Teo
claims that Ng entered into two of the Undisputed Accumulators without
obtaining his prior instruction.[note: 21] These were the accumulators on
Cosco and NOL shares (serial numbers 10 and 11 in Table 2, above,
respectively). However, Teo later accepted those accumulators when they were
knocked-out.[note: 22] Of the remaining six accumulators, only five are the
subject of the present appeal (serial numbers 15, 16, 17, 18 and 20 in Table
2, above). The sixth accumulator was to accumulate Sembcorp shares (serial
number 19 in Table 2, above) (“the Disputed Sembcorp Accumulator”).[note: 23]
As indicated in Table 2, that accumulator was knocked-out 15 days after it was
entered into.[note: 24]

11 The five accumulators that are the subject of this appeal were all for the
accumulation of shares in CE. These are the accumulators mentioned at serial
numbers 15–18 and 20 of Table 2. We will refer to the individual Disputed
Accumulators as “the First Disputed Accumulator”, the “Second Disputed
Accumulator” and so forth. It should be noted that two of the _Undisputed_
Accumulators were also for the accumulation of shares in CE (“the Undisputed
CE Accumulators”).[note: 25]

12 The particulars of the Disputed Accumulators are summarised in the
following table:[note: 26]

Table 3

**Accumulator** |  **Date when entered into** |  **Spot Price** |  **Forward Price**  
---|---|---|---  
The First Disputed Accumulator |  2 October 2007 |  S$1.7946 |  S$1.6017  
The Second Disputed Accumulator |  2 October 2007 |  S$1.8109 |  S$1.6162  
The Third Disputed Accumulator |  2 October 2007 |  S$1.7950 |  S$1.6335  
The Fourth Disputed Accumulator |  2 October 2007 |  S$1.7400 |  S$1.5834  
The Fifth Disputed Accumulator |  3 October 2007 |  S$1.6800 |  S$1.5238  
  
  

The alleged authorisation for the Disputed Accumulators

13 CIC claims that Ng received Teo’s authorisation for the First, Second,
Third and Fourth Disputed Accumulators during a telephone conversation between
Ng and Teo at 9.34am on 2 October 2007 (“the First Disputed Conversation”).
The First Disputed Conversation lasted 2 minutes and 22 seconds. The First
Disputed Conversation was not recorded. The First Disputed Conversation
occurred just six seconds after Teo received the following short messaging
service (“SMS”) message:[note: 27]

Ok, last night us very gd. Rally shld continue. Can I do somemore? Looking at
china energy, cosco and ferrochina.

14 CIC claims that Ng received authorisation for the Fifth Disputed CE
Accumulator during a conversation between Ng and Teo at 10.27am on 3 October
2007 (“the Second Disputed Conversation”). The Second Disputed Conversation
lasted for 1 minute and 15 seconds. The Second Disputed Conversation was also
not recorded.

15 Because these two conversations were not recorded, Ng and Teo gave
different accounts of what was said between them. Turning first to the First
Disputed Conversation, Ng’s evidence in her affidavit of evidence-in-chief
(“AEIC”) was that Teo instructed her to establish the First, Second, Third and
Fourth Disputed CE Accumulators after she informed Teo of the maximum amount
of shares that he would be obliged to accumulate under _each_ of those
accumulators.[note: 28] Ng also claimed that she informed Teo of the Maximum
Obligation for each of those accumulators.[note: 29] In her testimony during
cross-examination, Ng claimed that Teo instructed her to enter into an
accumulator for CE shares with a Maximum Obligation of approximately S$6m and
at a Spot Price between S$1.75 to S$1.82.[note: 30]

16 As for the Second Disputed Conversation, in her AEIC, Ng claimed that Teo
instructed her to enter into a CE accumulator and a Sembcorp accumulator after
she informed Teo of the maximum quantity of shares that he would be obliged to
accumulate under each accumulator.[note: 31] Ng also claimed that she informed
Teo of the _specific figure_ for the Maximum Obligation of each
accumulator.[note: 32] In her testimony during cross-examination, Ng said she
was instructed to enter into an accumulator for CE shares with a Maximum
Obligation of between S$4m and S$5m and at a Spot Price between S$1.64 and
S$1.70.[note: 33] This order was later converted into the Fifth Disputed
Accumulator. Ng was not cross-examined on her account of the Second Disputed
Conversation in relation to the Disputed Sembcorp Accumulator.

17 Teo disputed Ng’s evidence on the First and Second Disputed Conversations.
In his AEIC, Teo did not specifically address each conversation. Teo simply
deposed that Ng told him on or about 2 or 3 October 2007 that one of the
Undisputed CE Accumulators and a Cosco accumulator had knocked-out.[note: 34]
Teo also claimed that he discussed share price movements for the purpose of
selling shares accumulated under accumulators that had been knocked-out.[note:
35] When questioned on his recollection of the First Disputed Conversation,
Teo acknowledged that it was possible that he discussed establishing a CE
accumulator but he could not recall if there was actually such a
discussion.[note: 36] Teo also maintained his assertion that he spoke to Ng
about shares accumulated under accumulators that had been knocked-out, _viz_ ,
Cosco, NOL and CE shares.[note: 37] As for the Second Disputed Conversation,
Teo’s evidence during cross-examination was that it was not possible that the
conversation was about establishing a CE accumulator or a Sembcorp
accumulator.[note: 38] He also initially testified that the Second Disputed
Conversation was about the share price movements of NOL and CE shares.[note:
39] When pressed further, Teo said that he could not recall what was discussed
during the Second Disputed Conversation.[note: 40]

18 Teo also claimed that he gave Ng two instructions on limiting his exposure
to accumulators: (a) on 20 July 2007, Teo instructed Ng that his exposure on
accumulators should not exceed the net asset value of his account with CIC and
that the share counters to be accumulated must be “blue chips”;[note: 41] and
(b) on 27 September 2007, Teo instructed Ng that his exposure on accumulators
should not exceed S$1m and that the share counters to be accumulated must be
“blue chips”.[note: 42]

The decision of the Judicial Commissioner and our directions

19 The Judicial Commissioner gave judgment for CIC on its claims. He held that
Teo authorised the Disputed Accumulators during the First Disputed
Conversation and the Second Disputed Conversation on the basis of the
following findings:

(a) Ng’s testimony on the contents of the First Disputed Conversation and the
Second Disputed Conversation, which the Judicial Commissioner found more
credible than Teo’s testimony;[note: 43]

(b) Teo’s prior experience with the Undisputed Accumulators, which included
the Undisputed CE Accumulators, and his retention of shares accumulated under
those Undisputed CE Accumulators;[note: 44]

(c) CIC and Teo’s conduct after the Disputed Accumulators were entered
into;[note: 45] and

(d) Teo’s equivocation in rejecting the Disputed Accumulators.[note: 46]

20 These were essentially findings of fact based on the Judicial
Commissioner’s assessment of credibility and demeanour of the witnesses, and
also the documentary evidence adduced by the parties. In the course of
reviewing the record after we reserved judgment, we noted that certain
transcripts of telephone conversations and other documents in the possession
of CIC were not disclosed and also those produced had certain portions
redacted. We were informed by counsel that the redactions were not objected to
by Teo’s counsel and were accepted by the Judicial Commissioner on the ground
that the redacted portions or undisclosed documents related to CIC’s other
clients, and that any disclosure of the said information would have
contravened s 47 of the Banking Act (Cap 19, 2008 Rev Ed) (“the Banking Act”)
on banking secrecy. These clients were identified as “Client A”, “Client B”
and “Client C”.

21 We also noted from the disclosed materials that the orders that Teo was
alleged to have placed during the Disputed Conversations did not correspond
with the orders that Ng placed with CIC’s PBA office. We knew this because,
unlike the Disputed Conversations, Ng’s conversations with CIC’s PBA office
were recorded and transcribed (see [9]). Hence, there was objective evidence
of Ng’s execution of all orders with CIC’s PBA office. CIC’s explanation for
the lack of correspondence was that Ng consolidated orders placed by her other
clients (_viz_ , Clients A, B and C) with Teo’s orders. She then placed the
consolidated orders with CIC’s PBA office. CIC’s PBA office executed the
consolidated orders by entering into accumulators with other banks. After
accumulators for the consolidated orders were established between CIC and the
other banks, Ng would issue instructions to establish accumulators between CIC
and each client for the amount they each ordered.

22 We were of the view that the evidence relating to the orders placed by the
other clients was relevant in the light of this practice of consolidating
orders. Moreover, there was also evidence that one/some of these clients had
also disputed that they had authorised Ng to purchase CE accumulators for
them.

23 In any case, we were of the view that the redacted portions should not have
been redacted, and that all materials relating to Ng’s placing of the orders
for the Disputed Accumulators should have been disclosed so that the court
could have all the relevant evidence to show whether Ng or Teo was telling the
truth as to whether he had authorised her to purchase the five Disputed
Accumulators. In our view, s 47(1) of the Banking Act does not prohibit the
disclosure of “customer information” where the customer cannot be identified,
for the reason that that term is defined in s 40A of the Banking Act as
follows:

“customer information” , in relation to a bank, means —

(a) any information relating to, or any particulars of, an account of a
customer of the bank, whether the account is in respect of a loan, investment
or any other type of transaction, but **_does not include any information that
is not referable to any named customer or group of named customers_** ; or

(b) deposit information;

[emphasis added in bold italics]

In our view, on a plain reading of s 47, disclosure of all the telephone
conversations and other records where the customers are named “Client A”,
“Client B” and “Client C” would merely be disclosure of “any information that
is not referable to any named customer or group of named customers” and would
not, thus, constitute a disclosure of “customer information”.

24 Accordingly, we exercised our powers under s 37(4) of the Supreme Court of
Judicature Act (Cap 322, 2007 Rev Ed) and directed[note: 47] CIC to produce
copies of the following transcripts/documents (with only the names of CIC’s
clients or former clients and/or account numbers redacted where necessary to
prevent their identification):

(a) Transcripts of all instructions and discussions that Ng had with CIC’s
clients (or former clients) who were identified as “Client A” and “Client B”,
as well as any other clients (or former clients), in relation to CE
accumulators discussed, quoted or purchased on 2 and 3 October 2007.

(b) Transcripts of all instructions (if oral) given and discussions that Ng
had with PBA and/or any other present (or former employee) of CIC in relation
to CE accumulators discussed, quoted or purchased on 2 and 3 October 2007. All
written communications, including emails, in connection with these matters
should also be produced.

(c) Transcripts of telephone conversations and any emails or written
communications between PBA and/or any other present (or former) employees of
the respondent with any of CIC’s counterparties relating to CE accumulators
discussed, quoted or purchased on 2 and 3 October 2007.

(d) Transcripts, any internal memoranda, emails and/or written communications
between employees of CIC as well as any internal reports made in relation to
any matter, transaction or issue involving CE accumulators established on 2
and 3 October 2007 with any client or former clients.

(e) Any internal memoranda, emails and/or written communications between any
present or former employee of the respondent in relation to the handwritten
note found at Record of Appeal Vol IV, Part A at p 6511.

25 These materials were duly disclosed and the parties were invited to make
submissions on these materials.

Our decision

26 Having examined some of the new materials and also the parties’ submissions
on their relevance to the Disputed Accumulators, we find that we are unable to
conclude that the findings of fact of the Judicial Commissioner would have
been the same if he had seen these materials, or if they had been subjected to
cross-examination by counsel for Teo. Amongst the newly disclosed documents
are documents relevant to determining whether Teo was telling the truth in
denying that he gave instructions to Ng, or what kind of instructions he gave
to Ng on 2and/or 3 October 2007. One of them is a draft email update meant to
be sent to Teo, but which was never sent. The document was attached to a blank
email dated 19 November 2007 that Ng sent to her CSO, Paul Neo.[note: 48] The
document read:

Hi Mr Teo,

Just wanted to write you a short update on both China Energy as well as your
current position in the bank.

Firstly, with regards [_sic_] to our conversation last week on Tues [_sic_]
evening, I would like to thank you for _acknowledging that due to our almost 3
years partnership you would be seeing through the accumulators on the China
Energy shares as per our discussion_. I have sold off 150,000 worth of China
Energy Shares on 16th of November at a share price of 1.1628 per share as per
our conversation on 15th of November. Going forward, I will still be updating
you consistently and discussing with you how we will move forward as the
market unfolds in the coming months.

You may not be aware that one of China Energy’s biggest shareholders is the
*ASEAN China Investment Fund Limited which is actually a SINO-SWISS
partnership between a [_sic_] Swiss Government and UOB Venture Management
Limited. They have 95,000,000 shares. The biggest shareholder of the ASEAN
China Investment Fund Limited is China Development Bank. This is a good
indication of the positive direction of China’s alternative energy sector as
the world and China continues its search for alternative fuel sources as oil
prices continue to rise. And China Energy Limited’s position as one of the
biggest Dimethanol producers would mean that it is poised to capitalize on
this.

Currently, you have already picked up 404,000 shares of China Energy. We are
accumulating 13500 shares per day for 360 days at a strike price of an average
of S$1.60. As I have mentioned to you previously, the collateral shortfall is
currently at USD 4,500,000 and it is the Bank’s view that you could mitigate
this shortfall with the greatest urgency.

…

[emphasis added]

27 It may be recalled that the Judicial Commissioner accepted Ng’s evidence
that Teo had given her instructions to purchase the five Disputed
Accumulators, and rejected Teo’s denial of the existence of such instructions.
In relation to this finding, the italicised words in the second paragraph of
the above passage may or may not support Ng’s evidence. They are ambiguous and
Ng should testify and be cross-examined on what she meant by those words.

28 Another newly disclosed document may be material to the finding of the
Judicial Commissioner against Teo in relation to his conduct after he had
allegedly disputed Ng’s authority to purchase the Disputed Accumulators.[note:
49] Teo had meetings with Mr Paul Kwek (“Kwek”), CIC’s Managing Director and
Head of Private Banking, and Anglada on 20 and 28 November 2007 (GD at
[67]–[73]). Kwek sent an email dated 20 November 2007 to his superiors in
which he recorded what transpired at the 20 November 2007 meeting. That email
recorded that Teo had said he was not denying the Disputed Accumulators. The
Judicial Commissioner accepted that Kwek’s email correctly recorded the
contents of the meeting (GD at [72]). He further held that Teo’s own emails to
CIC on 21 and 23 November 2007 were similar to Kwek’s contemporaneous internal
record of the 20 November 2007 meeting (GD at [70]).

29 However, a newly disclosed internal document that CIC’s Credit and Risk
Department sent to its head office seems to give a different account of this
event. The document bears the title “Watchlist and Provisions Report as at 30
November 2007” (“the November Watchlist Report”).[note: 50] The November
Watchlist Report was prepared for Teo’s account. It appears to have been sent
by CIC’s Credit and Risk Department via email on 24 December 2007 to one Marie
Rose Fenet.[note: 51] The following portion in the November Watchlist Report,
under the section entitled “reasons for watchlist/provisions”, is material:

RM booked equity accumulator transactions above approved credit limit and
pending adequate funding. When the equity market corrected severely,
unrealized losses escalated. _Matter is tenuous as the client is arguing that
he did not authorize the outstanding 5 equity accumulator trades that caused
that huge under margin and asset shortfall position_. Top up requirement as at
end Nov 07 was USD4.920k based on internal guidelines for the full funding of
the maximum potential number of shares that may be picked up during the life
of the equity accumulator. Based on estimated unwinding cost of the equity as
at end Nov 07, against the market value of the customer’s asset held by the
bank, there is a shortfall of USD1,372.88k. [emphasis added]

The italicised words would suggest that on 30 November 2007 CIC was aware that
Teo was alleging that the Disputed Accumulators were unauthorised. The
November Watchlist Report contradicts Kwek’s 20 November 2007 email and also
the evidence of Kwek and Anglada during cross-examination that Teo did not
argue that the Disputed Accumulators were unauthorised when he met with CIC’s
management on 20 and 28 November 2007.[note: 52] Just two days after the 28
November 2007 meeting, CIC’s internal documents recorded or seemed to suggest
that CIC knew that Teo was alleging that the Disputed Accumulators were
unauthorised. Again, Kwek and Anglada may well have a valid explanation for
these apparent discrepancies. In this connection, CIC has in fact argued in
its written submissions that the November Watchlist Report was sent on 24
December 2007 to state CIC’s exposure as at 30 November 2007.[note: 53] CIC
also argued that the reference to a lack of authorisation in the Watchlist
Report referred to Teo’s complaint over the level of his exposure.[note: 54]
We are unable to determine the truth of this explanation simply by reading the
November Watchlist Report.

30 If it were the case or if it could be established that these two documents
lent some support to Teo’s defence, it might or might not have influenced the
Judicial Commissioner’s other findings of fact against Teo. These were
findings which depended on the Judicial Commissioner’s evaluation of the
credibility of the witnesses. There are also other matters in the newly
discovered materials which counsel for Teo is entitled to raise in support of
Teo’s defence. The question on which we have deliberated is whether in the
circumstances, we should remit the case back to the Judicial Commissioner to
consider the new materials or to order a retrial of the case. We have decided
that in all the circumstances of this case a fresh trial is the better
solution, notwithstanding that a fresh trial may take more time.

Conclusion

31 Accordingly, we set aside the judgment of the Judicial Commissioner and
order that a new trial be fixed for CIC’s claim and Teo’s counterclaim in this
case. We order that costs of the trial below and this appeal be costs in the
cause. There will be the usual consequential orders.

* * *

[note: 2]Record of Appeal (“ROA”) Vol III Part E at 2881 (Ng’s AEIC) and ROA
Vol III Part F at 3620 (Teo’s AEIC).

[note: 3]ROA Vol III Part E at 2891 (Ng’s AEIC).

[note: 4]ROA Vol III Part E at 2892 (Ng’s AEIC).

[note: 5]ROA Vol IV Part B at 7324–7330 (Joint Statement on the Features of
the Accumulator dated 8 October 2009; marked as Exhibit A).

[note: 6]ROA Vol IV Part B at 7325, [2(f)] (Joint Statement on the Features of
the Accumulator dated 8 October 2009; marked as Exhibit A).

[note: 7]ROA Vol IV Part B at 7325, [2(g)] (Joint Statement on the Features of
the Accumulator dated 8 October 2009; marked as Exhibit A).

[note: 8]ROA Vol IV Part B at 7325, [2(h)] (Joint Statement on the Features of
the Accumulator dated 8 October 2009; marked as Exhibit A).

[note: 9]Appellant’s Core Bundle (“ACB”) Vol II Part A at 265 (Table
summarising all accumulators done for Teo since July 2007).

[note: 10]ROA Vol IV Part B at 7326, [3] (Joint Statement on the Features of
the Accumulator dated 8 October 2009; marked as Exhibit A).

[note: 11]ROA Vol III Part G at 4272–4273, [10(c)] (Supplementary AEIC of
Anglada dated 19 October 2009).

[note: 12]_Ibid_.

[note: 13]ROA Vol III Part G at 4272–4273, [10(d)] (Supplementary AEIC of
Anglada dated 19 October 2009).

[note: 14]_Ibid_.

[note: 15]ROA Vol III Part G at 4273, [10(e)] (Supplementary AEIC of Anglada
dated 19 October 2009).

[note: 16]_Ibid_.

[note: 17]_Ibid_.

[note: 18]_Ibid_.

[note: 19]ACB Vol II Part A at 265.

[note: 20]ROA Vol II at 260, [15] (Teo’s Defence and Counterclaim (Amendment
No 4)).

[note: 21]ACB Vol II Part A at 194, [53] (Teo’s AEIC).

[note: 22]_Ibid_.

[note: 23]ROA Vol II at 264, [28] (Teo’s Defence and Counterclaim (Amendment
No 4)).

[note: 24]ACB Vol II Part A at 265 (Table summarising all accumulators done
for Teo since July 2007).

[note: 25]_Ibid_.

[note: 26]_Ibid_.

[note: 27]ACB Vol II Part A at 217.

[note: 28]ROA Vol III Part E at 2933 (Ng’s AEIC).

[note: 29]_Ibid_.

[note: 30]ROA Vol III Part H at 4604, lines 9–10 (Ng’s evidence on cross-
examination).

[note: 31]ROA Vol III Part E at 2935 (Ng’s AEIC).

[note: 32]_Ibid_.

[note: 33]ACB Vol II Part B at 432–434 (Ng’s evidence on cross-examination).

[note: 34]ROA Vol III Part F at 3645–3646 (Teo’s AEIC).

[note: 35]_Ibid_.

[note: 36]ROA Vol III Part J at 5928–5936 and 5977 (Teo’s evidence on cross-
examination).

[note: 37]ROA Vol III Part J at 5932, 5975 and 5980 (Teo’s evidence on cross-
examination).

[note: 38]ROA Vol III Part J at 5954 (Teo’s evidence on cross-examination).

[note: 39]ROA Vol III Part J at 6035 (Teo’s evidence on cross-examination).

[note: 40]ROA Vol III Part J at 6036 (Teo’s evidence on cross-examination).

[note: 41]ROA Vol II at 261, [15(d)] (Defence and Counterclaim Amendment No
4); ROA Vol III Part I at 5482, lines 3–9 (cross-examination of Teo).

[note: 42]ROA Vol II at 262, [20] (Defence and Counterclaim Amendment No 4).

[note: 43]GD at [35]–[48].

[note: 44]GD at [49]–[53].

[note: 45]GD at [54]–[73].

[note: 46]GD at [74]–[81].

[note: 47]See the Supreme Court Registry’s letter to WongPartnership LLP dated
22 October 2010.

[note: 48]RSBD Vol I at 92 (Draft email).

[note: 49]GD at [54]– [73].

[note: 50]RSBD Vol I at 153 (Watchlist and Provisions Report).

[note: 51]RSBD Vol I at 152 (Email).

[note: 52]ROA Vol III Part I at 5320, lines 5–7 (Kwek’s cross examination) and
ACB Vol II Part B at 607, lines 6–11 (Anglada’s cross examination).

[note: 53]CIC’s Rebuttal Submissions at [7].

[note: 54]CIC’s Rebuttal Submissions at [6].

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 11 Apr 2011 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

