Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Go Dante Yap _v_ Bank Austria Creditanstalt AG  
[2011] SGCA 39

Case Number| :| Civil Appeal No 156 of 2010  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 08 August 2011  
Tribunal/Court| :| Court of Appeal  
Coram| :|  Chao Hick Tin JA; Andrew Phang Boon Leong JA; V K Rajah JA  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Kannan Ramesh, Eddee Ng and Paul Seah (Tan Kok Quan
Partnership) for the appellant; Christopher Anand Daniel and Harjean Kaur
(Advocatus Law LLP) for the respondent.  
Parties| :|  Go Dante Yap — Bank Austria Creditanstalt AG  
  
[LawNet Editorial Note: The decision from which this appeal arose is reported
at [2010] 4 SLR 916.]

8 August 2011|  
---|---  
  
Andrew Phang Boon Leong JA (delivering the grounds of decision of the court):

Introduction

1 This appeal arose from the judgment of the trial judge (“the Judge”) in _Go
Dante Yap v Bank Austria Creditanstalt AG_ [2010] 4 SLR 916 (“the Judgment”),
which concerned a dispute between the Appellant and the Respondent regarding
losses suffered on the Appellant’s investment portfolio following the Asian
financial crisis of 1997 (“the Asian Financial Crisis”).

2 Before the Judge, the Appellant advanced the following two claims:

(a)

that 16 investments, entered into by the Respondent in his name, with his own
funds as well as with funds loaned to him by the Respondent, were not
authorised by him (the “Authorisation Claim”); and

(b)

that the Respondent owed him, and breached, contractual and tortious duties
which obliged it to advise him whether to make, hold or dispose of the
investments that were to be made by the Respondent on his behalf, which breach
caused him to suffer losses in relation to three of the 16 investments (the
“Advisory Claim”).

3 The Judge dismissed both the Appellant’s claims. On the Authorisation Claim,
he found against the Appellant on the facts, preferring the Respondent’s
evidence, notwithstanding that it was of a less than ideal quality. On the
Advisory Claim, the Judge followed authorities in England and Singapore and
held that, on the facts, there was no contractual or tortious duty on the
Respondent to give investment advice to the Appellant.

4 The Appellant appealed against both these holdings. On the Authorisation
Claim, the Appellant argued that the Judge should have preferred his evidence
over the Respondent’s, and/or that the Judge should have drawn an adverse
inference against the Respondent in view of the poor quality of the latter’s
evidence. On the Advisory Claim, the Appellant argued that, although the Judge
correctly appreciated the legal principles involved, he had misapplied them to
the facts of the case.

5 At the oral hearing before us, counsel for the Appellant conceded that the
appeal on the Authorisation Claim faced considerable difficulties, and he
stated that, although he was prepared to argue the point, he preferred to
focus his submissions on the Advisory Claim. Counsel was quite right to do so
for, as we indicated at the hearing, the Authorisation Claim was hopeless in
light of the Judge’s clear finding of fact that the Appellant had not proven
that the 16 investments were unauthorised. As we did not think that the
Judge’s finding in this regard could be said to have been against the weight
of the evidence, there was little point in pursuing the appeal on that basis,
and the main focus of the appeal was accordingly on the Advisory Claim.

6 At the conclusion of the hearing, we dismissed the appeal and awarded 90% of
the costs of the appeal to the Respondent. Given our dismissal of the appeal
in relation to the Authorisation Claim (for the same reasons expressed by the
Judge), what follows is an explanation of our decision on the Advisory Claim,
as we did not entirely agree with the Judge’s reasoning in this regard.

Facts

Background

7 The Appellant was a businessman and national of the Philippines, while the
Respondent was an Austrian-incorporated bank which, at the material times,
operated branches in Hong Kong and Singapore. In early 1997, the Appellant was
recommended the services of one Winnifred Natasha Tong Ching Laude (“Ms
Ching”), a vice-president of the Respondent’s Hong Kong branch, and met with
her for the purpose of opening an account with the Respondent.

Account opening

8 On 3 June 1997, the Appellant opened two accounts with the Respondent: a
savings account with the Hong Kong branch (the “Hong Kong account”) and an
investment account with the Singapore branch (the “Singapore account”), with
Ms Ching handling both accounts. Both accounts required the Appellant to
execute the following contractual agreements (collectively, the “Account-
opening Documents”):

(a)

the Account Opening and Custodian Agreement (“AOCA”) for the Singapore
account;

(b)

the AOCA for the Hong Kong account;

(c)

the Discretionary Investment Management Agreement (“DIMA”) for the Singapore
account;

(d)

the DIMA for the Hong Kong account;

(e)

the Investment Authority Instructions (“IAI”) for the Singapore account; and

(f)

the IAI for the Hong Kong account.

Both sets of AOCAs were in identical terms, as were both sets of DIMAs and
IAIs, and therefore each pair of identical documents will be referred to as
the “AOCA”, “DIMA” and “IAI”, respectively. The DIMA conferred on the
Respondent the power and discretion to trade in securities on behalf of the
Appellant using his account, without the need for his specific authorisation.
However, the Appellant desired to limit the discretion that the DIMA conferred
on the Respondent, and, to that end, executed the IAI, under which it was
agreed that, notwithstanding the terms of the DIMA, the Respondent was not
authorised to make any investment or sell any securities for the Singapore or
Hong Kong account without the Appellant’s instructions. In other words, the
Appellant was to have the final say in deciding what securities to purchase or
sell.

9 In addition, the Appellant also executed a loan facility letter (“the Loan
Facility”) under which the Respondent, _inter alia_ , agreed to furnish the
Appellant with a loan of up to US$5 million.

The investments

10 From June to November 1997, the Appellant remitted approximately US$5
million into the Singapore account. From July to October 1997, 16 investments,
which comprised mainly emerging market debt instruments, were entered into by
Ms Ching under the Appellant’s Singapore account, partly or wholly financed by
loans from the Respondent to the Appellant’s Hong Kong account, pursuant to
the Loan Facility.

The monthly meetings

11 From August to November 1997 (_ie_ , throughout the period Ms Ching was
entering into the 16 investments), the Appellant and Ms Ching had monthly
meetings, where Ms Ching would show the Appellant the portfolio, currency and
money market analyses from the previous month’s transactions. According to Ms
Ching, the Appellant would go through and discuss these documents with her, in
order to review the performance of the Appellant’s investments, which included
examining the projected returns from these investments.

These proceedings

12 From September 1997 onwards, most of the securities comprising the 16
investments were either sold before maturity or redeemed upon maturity, while
two securities were transferred by the Appellant to a different bank account
with the Respondent. Consequently, only three of the 16 investments remained
in the Singapore account by August 1998, on which the Appellant had suffered
significant losses as a result of the effects of the Asian Financial Crisis,
and it was these securities which formed the subject matter of the Advisory
Claim:

(a)

Bakrie International Finance FRN;

(b)

Bakrie Brothers 1-year PN; and

(c)

Rossiyskiy Kredit 10.25% Interest Notes.

The first two securities will be referred to collectively as the “Bakrie
bonds”, while the third will be referred to as the “Rossiyskiy notes”.

13 From June to November 1999, there was an exchange of correspondence between
the parties, in which the Appellant expressed unhappiness over the state of
his investments (including complaints that certain investments were
unauthorised), eventually culminating in the Appellant threatening legal
action against the Respondent over its alleged “mishandling” of his investment
accounts. The Appellant subsequently made good on his threat and commenced the
present proceedings.

The Judgment

14 In the Judgment, the Judge made the following significant findings of fact:

(a)

the Appellant had not proven that the 16 investments were unauthorised (see
[68]–[75] of the Judgment);

(b)

the 16 investments must therefore have been authorised (see [76] of the
Judgment);

(c)

the Appellant could easily understand the nature of the 16 investments and
understood the types of risks involved, had sufficient knowledge of investment
principles, and was therefore not an inexperienced and unsophisticated client
who had to rely entirely on the Respondent for investment advice (see
[91]–[94] of the Judgment); and

(d)

Ms Ching provided recommendations of investments to the Appellant the monthly
meetings (see [100] and [109] of the Judgment).

15 In dealing with the Advisory Claim, the Judge also considered a number of
recent English and Singapore authorities, _viz_ :

(a)

_IFE Fund SA v Goldman Sachs International_ [2007] 2 Lloyd’s Rep 449 (“
_Goldman Sachs_ ”);

(b)

_JP Morgan Chase Bank (formerly known as The Chase Manhattan Bank) (a body
corporate) and others v Springwell Navigation Corporation (a body corporate)_
[2008] EWHC 1186 (“ _Springwell_ ”);

(c)

_Titan Steel Wheels Limited v The Royal Bank of Scotland plc_ [2010] EWHC 211
(subsequently reported as _Titan Steel Wheels Limited v The Royal Bank of
Scotland plc_ [2010] 2 Lloyd’s Rep 92) (“ _Titan Steel_ ”); and

(d)

_Crédit Industriel et Commercial v Teo Wai Cheong_ [2010] 3 SLR 1149 (it
should, however, be noted that this court has, in the light of newly disclosed
documents, ordered a new trial in that case (see _Teo Wai Cheong v Crédit
Industriel et Commercial_ [2011] SGCA 13)).

After elaborating the principles to be distilled from these cases (with which,
on appeal, the Appellant did not quarrel), the Judge applied them to the facts
and held that the Respondent did not owe any contractual or tortious duty to
advise the Appellant as to his investments (see [107] and [111] of the
Judgment). It was therefore with the application of those principles to the
facts of this case that the Appellant took issue.

Our decision

16 As mentioned at [5] above, the only issue before us was whether the Judge
was correct in his reasoning and conclusion on the Advisory Claim.

Preliminary observations on contractual and tortious duties

17 As a preliminary point, we should note that, although the Appellant did not
dispute the applicable principles in this case, we were of the view that there
was some misconception as to what those principles actually entailed, and that
such misconception needed to be clarified.

18 In dealing with the Advisory Claim, both parties did not differentiate
between the contractual and tortious duties which the Respondent was alleged
to have owed to the Appellant, presumably because they regarded them as being
completely co-extensive. The Judge approached the Advisory Claim in a similar
fashion (see [90] of the Judgment). However, conflating contractual and
tortious duties in this manner was apt to mislead, and we considered it more
helpful to approach the contractual and tortious duties separately. In fact,
it became apparent that the very phrase “Advisory Claim” was something of a
misnomer.

19 The reason for this lay in the fact that contractual and tortious duties
differ in their nature (see to similar effect the recent English Court of
Appeal decision of _James Andrew Robinson v P E Jones (Contractors) Limited_
[2011] EWCA Civ 9 (“ _Robinson v Jones_ ”) at [76] (_per_ Jackson LJ)).
Contractual duties find their genesis in the express or implied agreement of
the contracting parties, and they may therefore be as narrow or specific as
the parties desire. Therefore, there is nothing wrong with the concept of an
express or implied “contractual duty to advise”. A duty of care in the tort of
negligence, however, is in general imposed by law upon the tortfeasor, and as
a result it is necessarily a broad duty to take such care as is reasonable in
the circumstances. Hence, it is not, strictly speaking, correct to speak of a
“tortious duty to advise” without more and, in particular, without reference
to any related contractual obligation (see by analogy the House of Lords
decision of _A C Billings & Sons Ltd v Riden_ [1958] 1 AC 240 at 264 (_per_
Lord Somervell of Harrow)). If there could be a “tortious duty to advise”,
there would be no logical limit to how far a duty of care in the tort of
negligence could be subdivided: the courts would be flooded with claims of
specific “tortious duties” to answer telephone calls, respond to emails, read
the newspapers or the like (see for instance the House of Lords decision of
_Qualcast (Wolverhampton) Ltd v Haynes_ [1959] 1 AC 743). Of course, it could
well be a _breach_ of a tortious duty of care (if one was owed) for someone
not to give advice in certain circumstances, but that is not the same as
saying that there was a tortious duty to give advice. As the author of T Weir,
_A Casebook on Tort_ (Sweet & Maxwell, 10th Ed, 2004) put it (at p 129),
“[m]atters of detail are best treated as part of the question of breach, not
as raising sub-duties with a specific content” (see also J Murphy, _Street on
Torts_ (Oxford University Press, 12th Ed, 2007) at pp 114-115). To frame a
duty of care in the tort of negligence as narrowly as a specific contractual
obligation (as in the case of a “tortious duty to advise”) would render the
question of breach nugatory, for the tortfeasor would then be under a duty to
do precisely that which he has been accused of not doing (_eg_ , give advice),
and there would be no room for the court to inquire whether it was in fact
_reasonable_ for him not to have done it – an indispensable element of the
tort of negligence – with the result that, to quote a learned commentator (see
D Howarth, “Many Duties of Care – Or A Duty of Care? Notes from the
Underground” (2006) 26 OJLS 449 at p 466), “[t]he concept of fault would
disappear” (see too, by the same author, “Negligence after _Murphy_ : Time to
Re-Think” [1991] CLJ 58 at p 72). Consequently, “[t]here is no reason why the
law of tort should impose duties which are identical to the obligations
negotiated by the parties” (see _Robinson v Jones_ at [79] (_per_ Jackson
LJ)), in so far as the content of those contractual obligations is of a
_different scope_ from a tortious duty of care.

20 Where, however, the parties have expressly or impliedly negotiated an
obligation on one of them to exercise care and skill in the exercise of his
rights or duties under the contract, it is entirely possible that an identical
duty of care could exist in the tort of negligence, as was accepted by the
House of Lords in the leading decision of _Henderson and others v Merrett
Syndicates Ltd and others_ [1995] 2 AC 145 (“ _Henderson v Merrett_ ”) (see
especially the speech of Lord Goff of Chieveley at 194–195). In other words,
where a contract imposes a contractual duty of care on one of the parties,
that may be said to be “a case where the relationship of proximity arises by
virtue of the contract and the work to be performed under it” (see _Bryan v
Maloney_ (1995) 128 ALR 163 at 169 (_per_ Mason CJ, Deane and Gaudron JJ)),
which would in general give rise to a corresponding duty of care in the tort
of negligence in the absence of any policy considerations militating against
such a duty. In apparent contrast to these views, however, Stanley Burnton LJ
in _Robinson v Jones_ at [94] stated that “[i]t is important to note that a
person who assumes a contractual duty of care does not thereby assume an
identical duty of care in tort to the other contracting party.” We agree that
a contractual duty of care does not _automatically_ mean that there is a duty
of care in the tort of negligence, since it is always possible that, for
example, the contract might contain an express clause excluding a tortious
duty of care (as was the case in _Robinson v Jones_ itself and in almost all
the cases relied on by the Judge), or that the contractual framework may be so
structured as to demonstrate that the parties intended thereby to exclude the
imposition of a tortious duty of care (see _Animal Concerns Research &
Education Society v Tan Boon Kwee_ [2011] 2 SLR 146 at [71]), but we do not
concur with the implication contained in Stanley Burnton LJ’s statement that
the existence of a contractual duty of care is always insufficient on its own
to give rise to a tortious duty of care, all other things being equal (see
[34] below).

21 In addition to a contractual duty to advise, therefore, it was also
necessary to enquire whether there was, in this case, an express or implied
contractual duty of skill and care on the part of the Respondent in
discharging the instructions of the Appellant.

Contractual duties

Contractual duty to advise

22 The Appellant contended (at para 62 of the Appellant’s case) that the
contractual framework between the parties imposed on the Respondent a wide-
ranging duty of:

a.rendering advice on the suitability of the investments selected by the
[R]espondent for the [A]ppellant’s portfolio in order for the [A]ppellant to
make a fully informed decision on whether or not to authorise the
[R]espondent’s selections. This would include advice on issues such as the
pros and cons of the investments, as well as the risks involved with each
investment selected after taking into account the prevailing economic factors;

b.giving continual advice on the state of the investments and on how to manage
them through their lifespan, especially in light of changing economic factors
that may affect their performance; and

c.advising the [A]ppellant on the appropriate time and manner with [_sic_]
which to exit the investments, again with reference to their performance
against the backdrop of the prevailing economic climate.

23 It was fair to say, as the Judge did (at [95] of the Judgment), that the
Account-opening Documents certainly did _not_ contain any _express_ terms
providing for such a detailed duty to advise. The Judge also rejected the
contention that the Respondent was under an _implied_ contractual duty to
advise the Appellant, and with this conclusion we agreed entirely. The very
specificity with which the Appellant characterised the duty to advise, and the
onerous obligations such a duty would have imposed on the Respondent, made it
highly implausible that this was the presumed intention of the parties or that
such a term was either necessary to give business efficacy to the parties’
contractual relationship or was so obvious that it went without saying (see
the decision of this court in _Ng Giap Hon v Westcomb Securities Pte Ltd and
others_ [2009] 3 SLR(R) 518 at [36], [80] and [81]).

Contractual duty of skill and care

24 The absence of an express or implied contractual duty to _advise_ the
Appellant did not mean, however, that the Respondent did not owe a contractual
duty of _skill and care_ to the Appellant under the Account-opening Documents.
In contracts under which a skilled or professional person agrees to render
certain services to his client in return for a specified or reasonable fee,
there is at common law an implied term in law that he will exercise reasonable
skill and care in rendering those services (see the House of Lords decision of
_Lister v Romford Ice and Cold Storage Co Ltd_ [1957] AC 555 at 572-573 (_per_
Viscount Simonds) and _Jackson & Powell on Professional Liability_ (J L Powell
and R Stewart gen eds) (Sweet & Maxwell, 6th Ed, 2007) (“ _Jackson & Powell_”)
at para 2-007), and, in relation to banks specifically, it is trite law that a
bank in carrying out the instructions of its customer is under an implied
contractual duty to exercise skill and care (see the decision of this court in
_Bank of America National Trust and Savings Association v Herman Iskandar and
another_ [1998] 1 SLR(R) 848 at [45]), albeit such a duty has usually been
considered in the context of whether the bank was put on notice that its
customer was being defrauded (see, for example, the decision of this court in
_Yogambikai Nagarajah v Indian Overseas Bank_ [1996] 2 SLR(R) 774 and the
English High Court decision of _Selangor United Rubber Estates Ltd v Cradock
and others (No 3)_ [1968] 1 WLR 1555).

25 Consequently, we considered that there was ample authority from which to
conclude that the Respondent owed the Appellant an implied contractual duty of
care in carrying out his instructions under the Account-opening Documents. It
should be said that the Judge did not expressly deal with this point, but, to
the extent that the Judgment suggested otherwise, we were unable to agree.

Tortious duty

26 As to whether the Respondent owed the Appellant a duty of care in the tort
of negligence, we also disagreed with the Judge’s conclusion that no duty of
care had arisen. It was here that the parties’ failure to articulate clearly
the nature of a duty of care in the tort of negligence was most keenly felt,
for the Judge’s refusal to impose a tortious duty on the Respondent would
likely have been influenced by the undesirability of requiring private banks
to continuously give advice to their clients on each and every one of the
client’s investments throughout the lifespan (no matter how long) of those
investments, in the manner contended for by the Appellant (see [22] above).

27 However, as we have noted at [19] above, the correct question was not
whether the Respondent owed the Appellant a tortious duty to advise, but
whether the Respondent owed the Appellant a tortious duty to take reasonable
care in rendering services to him and following his instructions, and, if so,
whether it had breached that duty by failing to give the advice which the
Appellant alleged should have been given in circumstances where any reasonable
bank in the Respondent’s position would have given that advice.

28 In _Spandeck Engineering (S) Pte Ltd v Defence Science & Technology Agency_
[2007] 4 SLR(R) 100 (“ _Spandeck_ ”), this court laid down a single test to
determine the imposition of a duty of care in all claims arising out of
negligence in the context of pure economic loss (“the _Spandeck_ test”), and
rejected the English approach of a general exclusionary rule against the
recovery of pure economic loss (which, incidentally, appeared to have
influenced Stanley Brunton LJ’s view in _Robinson v Jones_ at [94] that a
contractual duty of care did not give rise to a tortious duty of care (see
[20] above)). That the losses suffered by the Appellant in this case were
purely economic was therefore a relevant, but not overriding, consideration.
In addition, the _Spandeck_ test was held to be a two-stage test comprising
first, proximity, and second, policy considerations, which were together
preceded by the threshold question of factual foreseeability. This court also
made clear that the _Spandeck_ test was to be applied incrementally with
reference to analogous cases.

29 We noted that, in the Judgment, the Judge did not apply the _Spandeck_ test
in order to arrive at his conclusion that no duty of care in the tort of
negligence was owed by the Respondent to the Appellant, but, instead, adopted
and applied several “‘lower level’ factors” formulated by Gloster J in
_Springwell_ (see below at [36] as well as the Judgment at [80]). While this
was not necessarily incorrect insofar as these factors could ultimately be
placed within the framework of the _Spandeck_ test (and indeed we will refer
to them later in these grounds), we believed that applying the _Spandeck_ test
would have allowed these factors to be seen in their proper perspective,
thereby yielding a different answer.

Factual foreseeability

30 It was clearly foreseeable that, on the facts of this case, if the
Respondent did not exercise due care in the discharge of its role under the
Account-opening Documents, the Appellant would suffer loss, and we did not
understand counsel for the Respondent to have been arguing to the contrary.

Proximity

(1) Our view on proximity

31 As for whether there was sufficient proximity between the parties, within
the meaning of the first stage of the _Spandeck_ test, we were of the opinion
that there clearly was such proximity, and that this was well supported by the
relevant authorities. In _Spandeck_ (at [78]), this court endorsed the views
expressed by Deane J in the High Court of Australia decision of _Sutherland
Shire Council v Heyman_ (1985) 60 ALR 1 at 55 to the effect that proximity
might reflect:

… an assumption by one party of a responsibility to take care to avoid or
prevent injury, loss or damage to the person or property of another or
reliance by one party upon such care being taken by the other in circumstances
where the other party knew or ought to have known of that reliance.

32 This concept of an “assumption of responsibility” as the basis of a
sufficiently proximate relationship so as to give rise to a duty of care in
the tort of negligence derived from the seminal decision of _Hedley Byrne & Co
Ltd v Heller & Partners Ltd_ [1964] 1 AC 465 (“ _Hedley Byrne_ ”), where the
various members of the House of Lords formulated the applicable principle in a
number of ways, but that which attracted the greatest support was Lord Morris
of Borth-y-Gest’s statement (with which Lord Hodson (at 514) expressly agreed
and Lord Devlin (at 530) was prepared to agree) at 503 that:

… if in a sphere in which a person is so placed that others could reasonably
rely upon his judgment or his skill or upon his ability to make careful
inquiry, a person takes it upon himself to give information or advice to …
another person who, as he knows or should know, will place reliance upon it,
then a duty of care will arise.

In _Hedley Byrne_ at 530, after remarking that his Lordship was prepared to
endorse such a formulation, Lord Devlin stated that:

Such a relationship may be either general or particular. Examples of a general
relationship are those of solicitor and client and of _banker and customer_ …
_Where there is a general relationship of this sort, it is unnecessary to do
more than prove its existence and the duty follows_. [emphasis added]

33 _Hedley Byrne_ was unanimously approved by the House of Lords in _Henderson
v Merrett_ , where one of the issues was whether, in addition to the admitted
contractual duty of skill and care that was owed by Lloyd’s managing agents to
members (“Names”) of the underwriting syndicate managed by the managing agents
(“direct Names”), a duty of care in the tort of negligence was also owed by
the managing agents to the direct Names. Lord Goff, with whom all of their
Lordships agreed, stated (at 180) that:

[The principle laid down in _Hedley Byrne_] rests upon a relationship between
the parties, which may be general or specific to the particular transaction,
and which _may or may not be contractual in nature_ … In particular … where
the plaintiff entrusts the defendant with the conduct of his affairs, in
general or in particular, he may be held to have relied on the defendant to
exercise due skill and care in such conduct. [emphasis added]

Lord Goff applied the _Hedley Byrne_ principle to the relationship between the
direct Names and the managing agents to find a tortious duty of care, and
concluded (at 182) that:

For my part I can see no reason why a duty of care should not … be owed by
managing agents at Lloyd’s to a Name who is a member of a syndicate under the
management of the agents [_ie_ , a direct Name]. Indeed … the relationship
between Name and managing agent appears to provide a classic example of the
type of relationship to which the principle in _Hedley Byrne_ applies. In so
saying, I put on one side the question of the impact, if any, upon the
relationship of the contractual context in which it is set. But, that apart,
there is in my opinion plainly an assumption of responsibility in the relevant
sense by the managing agents towards the Names in their syndicates. The
managing agents have accepted the Names as members of a syndicate under their
management. They obviously hold themselves out as possessing a special
expertise to advise the Names on the suitability of risks to be underwritten;
and on the circumstances in which, and the extent to which, reinsurance should
be taken out and claims should be settled. The Names, as the managing agents
well knew, placed implicit reliance on that expertise, in that they gave
authority to the managing agents to bind them to contracts of insurance and
reinsurance and to the settlement of claims. I can see no escape from the
conclusion that, in these circumstances, prima facie a duty of care is owed in
tort by the managing agents of such Names.

34 As we alluded at [20] above, the implied contractual duty of skill and care
owed by the Respondent to the Appellant under the Account-opening Documents
was sufficient to create the necessary proximity required by a duty of care in
tort. Indeed, it was difficult to imagine a clearer example of “an assumption
by one party of a responsibility to take care to avoid or prevent injury, loss
or damage” to another party (see [31] above) than a contractual duty to
exercise care and skill, and it was plain that Lord Goff had just such a
possibility in mind in _Henderson v Merrett_ (at 180 (see [33] above) and
187), a conclusion which was also reached by Lord Devlin with specific
reference to banks and their customers in _Hedley Byrne_ (see [32] above).

35 However, even leaving aside the contractual framework established by the
Account-opening Documents, by analogy with Lord Goff’s reasoning, there was
unmistakeably an assumption of responsibility in the relevant sense by the
Respondent towards the Appellant. The Respondent accepted the Appellant as
someone whose money and assets were under its control, and on whose behalf it
could and was expected to expend considerable sums in order to acquire various
investments. It could hardly be denied that the Respondent, in offering
private banking and wealth-management facilities, held itself out as
possessing special skill or expertise (a concept that was to be understood
broadly (see _Henderson v Merrett_ at 180)) to manage investments and transact
in emerging market securities, or to search for and recommend such investments
(which Ms Ching in fact did (see [100] of the Judgment)). The Appellant, as Ms
Ching well knew, placed implicit reliance upon that expertise, in that he gave
her (and therefore the Respondent) authority to bind him to purchases of the
Bakrie bonds and the Rossiyskiy notes, as well as other securities. Given that
Ms Ching was so placed that the Appellant could reasonably rely upon her
judgment, skill or her ability to make careful inquiry, and given also that
she was actively giving information or advice to the Appellant (in the form of
recommending suitable investments to him and, by her own evidence, advising
him of the pros and cons of those investments), who, as she should have known,
would place reliance on her judgment, skill and ability to take care (see Lord
Morris’s statement of principle at [32] above), it was difficult to resist the
conclusion that, in line with _Hedley Byrne_ and _Henderson v Merrett_ , there
was sufficient proximity between the parties to give rise to a _prima facie_
duty of care in the tort of negligence on the part of the Respondent. The
point was reinforced in _Jackson & Powell_, where it was stated at para 15-032
(albeit without any authority being cited) that “[a] financial practitioner
will _generally_ owe a duty of care in tort to his client quite apart from any
contract that exists between them” [emphasis added].

(2) The Judge’s views

36 As we stated at [29] above, the Judge adopted a somewhat different approach
to the question of the Respondent’s tortious duty of care in the court below,
relying on a number of “‘lower level’ factors” articulated by Gloster J in
_Springwell_ , in which the learned judge took the cue from Lord Hoffman in
_Customs and Excise Commissioners v Barclays Bank plc_ [2007] 1 AC 181 at [36]
to develop “lower-level principles which could be more useful than the high
abstractions commonly used in … debates [concerning the question of whether a
duty of care existed]”. The relevant “‘lower level’ factors” adopted by the
Judge from _Springwell_ (at [52]) were as follows (see [90] of the Judgment):

(a) the extent of the Appellant’s financial experience and sophistication;

(b) the contractual context;

(c) the actual role played by Ms Ching; and

(d) the extent of the Appellant’s reliance on Ms Ching.

We gave consideration to these factors in so far as they affected the
proximity between the parties for the purposes of the _Spandeck_ test, and our
conclusions were as follows.

37 We had no reason to disagree with the Judge’s assessment (at [94] of the
Judgment) that the Appellant was not an inexperienced and unsophisticated
client who had to rely entirely on the Respondent for advice relating to the
management of his investment portfolio. However, the real question was not
whether he was relying on the Respondent for advice, but whether he was
relying on the Respondent to take such care as was reasonable in the
circumstances. In addition, we were of the view that the commercial experience
of the Appellant was more relevant to the question of the standard of care
(_ie_ , whether the Respondent had breached its duty of care (see [48]
below)), than to the existence of the duty of care itself. After all, it was
difficult to see why, taking a simple illustration, a doctor would not owe his
patient a duty to take care in treating him simply because his patient was
also a doctor.

38 As for the contractual context, there were two matters to be considered:
first, the execution by the Appellant of the IAI, and second, the Judge’s
reliance on the various cases cited at [15] above. It was true that the IAI
represented a significant curtailment of the Respondent’s discretionary power
to manage and apply the assets of the Appellant, in that his final approval
was always needed. That surely did not mean, however, that the Respondent was
not assuming a responsibility to exercise skill and care, or that the
Appellant was not relying on such skill and care being exercised, within the
limits of the Respondent’s reduced mandate. As for the cases relied on by the
Judge, it was drawn to his attention that the respective banking relationships
in those cases were governed by express terms and disclaimers that negated the
existence of a tortious duty of care (see [105] of the Judgment), but the
Judge was not persuaded that this difference was critical (see [106] of the
Judgment). With respect, we begged to differ. It was clear from the actual
decision in _Hedley Byrne_ itself that an express disclaimer of responsibility
could prevent a tortious duty of care from arising, by negating the proximity
sought to be established by the concept of an “assumption of responsibility”.
Where such a disclaimer takes the form of a contractual exclusion clause, such
a term would now be subject to the Unfair Contract Terms Act (Cap 396, 1994
Rev Ed) (“UCTA”) (see the House of Lords decision of _Smith v Eric S Bush_
[1990] 1 AC 831), but the general principle is still the same. In _Goldman
Sachs_ , _Springwell_ and _Titan Steel_ , the material terms of the contracts
governing the banking relationship were highly detailed and, as was accepted
by the respective judges deciding those cases, the relevant terms made it
abundantly clear that the banks were not accepting or assuming any
responsibility to take care, and/or that the client was not relying on such
care being taken. In such circumstances, it was inevitable that no duty of
care in tort was found to be owed by the banks in those cases. In contrast,
the Account-opening Documents in this case were disorganised and somewhat
inadequately drafted, and did not unequivocally demonstrate an understanding
between the parties that the Respondent was not prepared to be responsible or
careful in the provision of any information, advice or service it furnished to
the Appellant. Certainly, as we have stated earlier in this paragraph, the IAI
was not sufficient to achieve that effect.

39 In so far as the last two factors (see [36] above) were concerned, the
Judge held that, although Ms Ching had provided recommendations of investments
to the Appellant at monthly meetings, the Appellant had conceded during cross-
examination that he had not relied on Ms Ching’s recommendations, and that
this was fatal to the existence of a duty of care in negligence. We would
stress again that the requisite assumption of responsibility and reliance
under the _Hedley Byrne_ principle is an assumption of responsibility by the
tortfeasor to _take care_ in the giving of information or advice or the
performance of a service, and reliance by the plaintiff on such care being
taken (see the statements of Lord Morris and Lord Goff cited at [32] and [33]
above, and the judgment of Lord Reid at 486 of _Hedley Byrne_), and not, as
the Judge seemed to have thought, an assumption of responsibility by the
tortfeasor to do specific acts (_viz_ , the giving of investment advice) and
reliance by the plaintiff on those acts (see [109] and [110] of the Judgment).
That is of course consistent with what we have already said in relation to the
nature of a duty of care in the tort of negligence (see [19] above).

Policy considerations

40 Having decided, therefore, that a _prima facie_ duty of care was owed in
tort by the Respondent to the Appellant, the second stage of the _Spandeck_
test required a determination of whether that duty was negated by policy
considerations.

41 Our view was that there were no such policy considerations militating
against the imposition of a duty of care in the tort of negligence on a
private bank that was concurrent and co-extensive with the implied contractual
duty of care and skill owed to its customers. _Ex hypothesi_ , if the law has
seen fit to imply a contractual duty of care into the banker-customer
relationship, a tortious duty of care with the same scope and content was
unlikely to run afoul of policy considerations such as consistency with any
existing statutory or regulatory framework, the avoidance of indeterminate
liability and undue interference with market activity. As observed in Justice
W P M Zeeman, “Contributory Negligence – A Defence Limited to Actions in
Tort?” (1994) 2 Tort LR 16 (at p 17), it was:

… difficult to imagine a case where there is implied into a contract a term
whereby a party to the contract is required to act without negligence where
there is not created a corresponding duty of care …

Conclusion on the issue of duty of care

42 For the foregoing reasons, therefore, we considered that the Respondent did
owe the Appellant a duty of care in contract and in tort.

43 The Asian Financial Crisis and the recent global financial crisis have
demonstrated that imprudent behaviour on the part of financial institutions
can have disastrous consequences not just for individual customers, but for
the economy as a whole. The Respondent’s position on when banks would owe
their customers a duty of care, to the effect that such a duty was a highly
exceptional one, seemed rather anomalous when viewed against that background.

44 In our view, it was always open to banks and other providers of financial
services to exclude or limit their duty of care via disclaimers or exclusion
clauses, subject of course to the controls of the UCTA and/or the common law.
The absence of such measures, coupled with the factual circumstances of this
case, led us to the conclusion that a duty of care was owed.

Breach of duty

45 Our conclusion that the Respondent owed a duty of care to the Appellant in
contract and in tort, however, was not the end of the analysis. It was still
necessary to decide whether, on the facts, such a duty had been breached by
the Respondent, because it did not provide information to and/or advise the
Appellant to the extent he alleged that it should have (see [22] above).

46 It was trite that the Respondent was required to exercise “reasonable skill
and care”, but the exact standard of care in this case was informed by a
number of matters, _viz_ :

(a) the prevailing circumstances and the danger of hindsight;

(b) the experience and sophistication of the Appellant; and

(c) the contractual framework.

The prevailing circumstances and hindsight

47 It had to be borne in mind that the situation in which the parties found
themselves in mid-1997 was one of extreme economic turbulence and turmoil.
Many of the world’s best financial minds were caught unawares by the speed
with which the Asian Financial Crisis unfolded, and the extent of damage which
was to follow. As global financial markets are by their very nature volatile,
speculative and unpredictable, it seemed to us that the law ought not to make
excessive demands of the level of competence and care to be expected of a
private bank in the position of the Respondent (see, for example, the New
South Wales decision of _Lloyd v Citicorp Australia Ltd and another_ (1986) 11
NSWLR 286 (“ _Lloyd v Citicorp_ ”) at 287-288), especially during the height
of the Asian Financial Crisis. In this respect, it was also useful to recall
the words of Denning LJ in the English Court of Appeal decision of _Roe v
Minister of Health and another_ [1954] 2 WLR 915 at 923–924, cautioning
against the use of hindsight in assessing whether an alleged tortfeasor has
been negligent, since it was easy to be wise after the event; and the chaotic
events of 1997 should not (adopting the language of the learned judge) be
viewed dispassionately with 2011 spectacles, with the effect of imposing an
artificially high standard of care in an area of conduct where risks and
gambles were expected to be taken on a daily basis. As has been aptly observed
in _Jackson & Powell_ at para 2-001:

Traditionally, the professions operate in spheres where success cannot be
achieved in every case. Very often success or failure depends upon factors
beyond the professional person’s control ... Even where the critical factors
are within the professional person’s control, he still cannot guarantee
success. In matters of fine judgment or great complexity no human being can be
right every time.

The Appellant’s experience

48 As the Judge found (see [91]–[94] of the Judgment), the Appellant was
commercially savvy and had sufficient knowledge of investment principles to
understand the types of risk involved. Again, this fact would have served to
lower the standard of care to be expected of the Respondent in _this_
particular case (see _Lloyd v Citicorp_ at 288-289), for it would have been
entitled to assume that the Appellant could rely on his own judgment and
sources of information, without requiring constant updates and advice from Ms
Ching.

The contractual framework

49 Indeed, given the existence of the IAI, it was clear that the parties had
contracted on the basis that the Appellant was to maintain a significant
degree of control over his accounts and investment portfolio, and while this
contractual arrangement might not have been sufficient to displace the duty of
care owed by the Respondent (see [38] above), it did mean that standard of
care placed on the Respondent was less onerous than it might otherwise have
been.

50 It was also noteworthy that cl 6 of the DIMA provided as follows:

6\. Liability of the [Respondent]

_The [Respondent] shall not be liable for any error of judgment … or for any
loss_ arising out of any investment or for any act or omission in the
execution and management of the [assets and investments under the
custodianship of the Respondent] _unless such loss has been occasioned by the_
default, fraud or _gross negligence of the [Respondent] …_

[emphasis added]

The effect of cl 6 of the DIMA was not addressed to us in argument, and it
would therefore be inappropriate for us to express a concluded view on the
matter, save to say that one possible effect of cl 6 was that the use of the
words “gross negligence” served to drastically reduce the standard of care
owed by the Respondent, such that the Respondent would only be liable if it
had been extremely careless. Courts in Singapore have not often been called
upon to construe the meaning of the phrase “gross negligence” in this context
(an exception being the Singapore High Court decision of _Sie Choon Poh
(trading as Image Galaxy) v Amara Hotel Properties Pte Ltd_ [2005] 3 SLR(R)
576), and, in view of the differences of approach in other Commonwealth
jurisdictions (see the treatment of the subject in _Charlesworth & Percy on
Negligence_ (C Walton gen ed) (Sweet & Maxwell, 12th Ed, 2010) at para 1-15 as
compared to that in A M Linden and B Feldthusen, _Canadian Tort Law_
(LexisNexis Butterworths, 8th Ed, 2006) at pp 196-198) as well as the
commercial importance of such clauses, we were content to reserve our analysis
for a case in which the issue arose squarely for consideration.

Conclusion on the issue of breach

51 Given that the standard of care imposed on the Respondent was not a high
one, we were of the view that the Respondent had discharged its duty of care,
whether in contract or tort, by virtue of the fact that Ms Ching, in the
course of her monthly meetings with the Appellant, consistently recommended
suitable investments to him, advised him of the pros and cons of those
investments, as well as reviewed the performance of investments already
entered into on his behalf. There was much disagreement during the trial
between Ms Ching and counsel for the Appellant as to whether such actions were
to be regarded as “advice” or “information” or “recommendations” (as a result
of the unfortunate focus on whether the Respondent had a tortious “duty to
advise”), but the exact terminology was unimportant because Ms Ching was
steadfast and unshaken in her testimony that she would have drawn to the
attention of the Appellant the various factors and considerations germane to
his investments, and that, to the best of her recollection, she did in fact do
so. For the reasons we have given, we considered that that was sufficient to
discharge the Respondent’s duty of care to the Appellant.

Conclusion

52 In the result, we upheld the Judge’s decision on the Advisory Claim (albeit
for somewhat different reasons) and dismissed the Appellant’s appeal, with the
Respondent being awarded 90% of the costs of the appeal.

53 On the issue of costs, we were dismayed upon receiving the Appellant’s and
Respondent’s cases to discover that they ran to about 250 and 500 pages,
respectively, which were among the longest this court has ever received. In an
appeal which was fairly straightforward, it was astonishing that the parties’
written submissions were so prolix. It was even more troubling that despite
their length, the parties’ cases were not especially illuminating as to the
key issues of law involved. The parties’ submissions were therefore of a
wholly unhelpful and unnecessary length. In _Mühlbauer AG v Manufacturing
Integration Technology Ltd_ [2010] 2 SLR 724 at [109]–[113], this court
cautioned against _excessively_ voluminous written cases, and we wish to
reiterate those observations, lest this particular style of written advocacy
takes root at the Bar. In order to register our disapproval of _excessively_
lengthy Appellant’s or Respondent’s cases, we accordingly awarded the
Respondent only 90% of the costs of the appeal.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 08 Aug 2011 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

