Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Public Prosecutor _v_ AOM  
[2011] SGHC 29

Case Number| :| Criminal Case No 28 of 2010  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 07 February 2011  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Steven Chong J  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Gail Wong and Lee Lit Cheng (Attorney-General's Chambers)
for the Prosecution; Defendant in person.  
Parties| :|  Public Prosecutor — AOM  
  
7 February 2011|  
---|---  
  
Steven Chong J:

Introduction

1 The defendant (also referred to as [AOM]) pleaded guilty to and was
convicted of the following charges:

(a)

Two charges of rape of a minor below 14 years of age (“statutory rape”)
punishable under s 376(1) of the Penal Code (Cap 224, 1985 Rev Ed);

(b)

One charge of rape of a minor below 14 years of age (“statutory rape”)
punishable under s 375(2) of the Penal Code (Cap 224, 2008 Rev Ed); and

(c)

One charge of sexual penetration (penile-vaginal) of a minor below 16 years of
age punishable under s 376A(2) of the Penal Code (Cap 224, 2008 Rev Ed).

2 In addition, the defendant consented to seven other charges to be taken into
consideration (“TIC”) for the purposes of sentencing. They are, in particular:

(a)

Two charges of statutory rape punishable under s 376(1) of the Penal Code (Cap
224, 1985 Rev Ed);

(b)

Two charges of statutory rape punishable under s 375(2) of the Penal Code (Cap
224, 2008 Rev Ed);

(c)

Two charges of sexual penetration (penile-vaginal) of a minor below 16 years
of age punishable under s 376A(2) of the Penal Code (Cap 224, 2008 Rev Ed);
and

(d)

One charge of sexual penetration (digital-vaginal) of a minor below 16 years
of age punishable under s 376A(2)of the Penal Code (Cap 224, 2008 Rev Ed).

3 After considering the defendant’s mitigation plea, the aggravating factors,
the sentencing precedents, the Prosecution’s submissions on sentencing, and
the TIC charges, I imposed the following sentences on the defendant:

(a)

13 years’ imprisonment and 12 strokes of the cane for each charge of statutory
rape under s 376(1) of the Penal Code (Cap 224, 1985 Rev Ed) and s 375(2) of
the Penal Code (Cap 224, 2008 Rev Ed); and

(b)

7 years’ imprisonment for the charge of sexual penetration (penile-vaginal) of
a minor below 16 years of age under s 376A of the Penal Code (Cap 224, 2008
Rev Ed).

4 I ordered the sentences for the two charges under s 376(1) to run
consecutively, with the other sentences to run concurrently. In total, the
defendant was ordered to serve 26 years’ imprisonment (with effect from the
date of arrest on 6 October 2009), and ordered to suffer 24 strokes of the
cane. The defendant has since appealed against the sentences imposed. I now
set out the reasons for the sentences.

Facts

5 Sometime in 2005, the victim’s parents were divorced and the victim’s mother
was granted sole custody of the victim. The defendant was in a sexual
relationship with the victim’s mother. The defendant resided at [the Flat]
with the victim and the victim’s mother. The victim was entrusted to the
defendant’s care, acting as her _de facto_ guardian and the victim effectively
regarded the defendant as her father. As the victim was afraid of the dark,
she would at times sleep with her mother and the defendant in their bedroom on
the same bed.

6 The victim was only 12 years old when she was first sexually assaulted by
the defendant. The defendant started touching the victim’s breasts and vulva
in 2007 when she was a Primary Six student. The first act of statutory rape
took place in mid-2007. At that time, the victim did not know what sexual
intercourse entailed. The defendant continued to commit statutory rape on the
victim on several occasions when the victim’s mother was not at home.

7 Sometime in 2008, the victim’s mother obtained employment in a company
located in Jurong. The victim’s mother moved to an address in Jurong to be
closer to her office. Thereafter, the relationship between the victim’s mother
and the defendant came to an end. The victim, however, continued to reside
with the defendant at the Flat on weekdays as the Flat was closer to the
victim’s school. The victim would spend weekends and school holidays at her
mother’s place in Jurong. Throughout this period of time, the victim’s mother
had entrusted the victim to the defendant’s care. In August 2009, the victim
moved out of the Flat to stay with her mother permanently after the defendant
had informed the victim’s mother that the power supply to the Flat might be
cut off as he had not paid the power bill. The victim would return to the Flat
from time to time to collect her belongings. On occasions when the victim and
the defendant were alone in the Flat between February and October 2009, the
defendant repeated his acts of sexual penetration on the victim.

8 The defendant exploited the naivety of the victim by misleading her into
believing that he had sex with her so that she would not be curious about sex
and be cheated in the future. The defendant had also instructed the victim not
to reveal their sexual intercourse to anyone, as he would be arrested, jailed
and caned. It appeared that the victim did believe what she was told by the
defendant. After receiving sex education in school when she was in Secondary
Two (in 2009), the victim realised that what the defendant had been doing to
her was wrong. Thereafter, the victim actually tried to stop the defendant on
a few occasions when the defendant sexually assaulted her, but was at the same
time fearful that the defendant would be annoyed with her. In the meantime,
the victim did not tell anyone about the sexual assaults as she did not want
the defendant to go to jail. She cared for the defendant and had treated him
like her own father.

9 On 5 October 2009, the victim’s mother asked the victim whether she was
still a virgin. That was when the victim first disclosed to her mother the
details of the multiple sexual assaults committed by the defendant. On 6
October 2009, the victim’s mother confronted the defendant. The defendant
initially denied having ever touched the victim. However, after some probing
by the victim’s mother, the defendant eventually admitted that he had had
sexual intercourse with the victim. The victim’s mother asked him to turn
himself in to the police, but the defendant asked for one month to settle his
personal matters. The victim’s mother initially agreed to the defendant’s
request on condition that the defendant handed over his passport to her and on
his written confirmation that he would turn himself in. Subsequently the
victim’s mother changed her mind and insisted that the defendant surrendered
himself to the police immediately.

10 On 6 October 2009, the defendant was arrested after he turned himself in at
a police post. The defendant confessed to the police that he had been having
sex with the victim. Thereafter a police report was lodged by the victim after
the police contacted the victim’s mother following the defendant’s surrender.
The defendant is at present 43 years of age. He admitted to the Statement of
Facts tendered by the Prosecution (“SOF”) without qualification.

11 At the hearing before me, the Prosecution pressed for a sentence in excess
of 24 years’ imprisonment with 24 strokes of the cane. At the hearing, the
defendant submitted a written mitigation plea. In paragraph two of his
mitigation plea, the defendant alleged that the facts as presented by the
Prosecution were “unfair, unreasonable, falsely incriminated and distorted
with many doubtful points”. When I highlighted to him that this aspect of his
mitigation plea was in direct conflict with his unqualified admission to the
SOF, the defendant informed the Court that he wished to delete it from his
mitigation plea. I however advised the defendant that the decision was
entirely up to him, and he should proceed as he deemed appropriate[note: 1].
He then confirmed his decision to delete the second paragraph of his
mitigation plea[note: 2]. In the defendant’s mitigation, he alleged that the
sexual intercourse was consensual. He also sought to emphasise that no force,
weapons, drugs or alcohol was used in the commission of the offences. He also
sought to attach weight to his guilty plea. I have considered and dealt with
each of these alleged mitigating factors in my decision below. Before
embarking on an examination of these factors, it would be appropriate to set
out the sentencing benchmarks that are relevant to the present case.

The decision

Sentencing precedents

12 In _Public Prosecutor v NF_ [2006] 4 SLR(R) 849 (“ _PP v NF_ ”), the
accused pleaded guilty to a charge of rape under s 376(1) of the Penal Code
(1985 Rev Ed). The accused was the biological father of the 15 year old
victim. V K Rajah J (as he then was) expressed the opinion that a review of
the sentencing practice for rape cases was due and necessary. He set out four
broad categories of rape. For the first category of rape ("Category 1 rape"),
it was observed that (see [20]):

At the lowest end of the spectrum are rapes that feature no aggravating or
mitigating circumstances.

13 The second category of rape includes rape where aggravating factors are
present ("Category 2 rape") (see _PP v NF_ at [20]):

The second category of rapes includes those where any of the following
aggravating features are present:

(a)The rape is committed by two or more offenders acting together.

(b)The offender is in a position of responsibility towards the victim (eg, in
the relationship of medical practitioner and patient, teacher and pupil); or
the offender is a person in whom the victim has placed his or her trust by
virtue of his office of employment (eg, a clergyman, an emergency services
patrolman, a taxi driver or a police officer).

(c)The offender abducts the victim and holds him or her captive.

(d)Rape of a child, or a victim who is especially vulnerable because of
physical frailty, mental impairment or disorder or learning disability.

(e)Racially aggravated rape, and other cases where the victim has been
targeted because of his or her membership of a vulnerable minority (eg,
homophobic rape).

(f)Repeated rape in the course of one attack (including cases where the same
victim has been both vaginally and anally raped).

(g)Rape by a man who is knowingly suffering from a life-threatening sexually
transmissible disease, whether or not he has told the victim of his condition
and whether or not the disease was actually transmitted.

14 The third category pertains to **_repeated rape of the same victim_** (such
as that of the present case) or of multiple victims (“Category 3 rape”) (sees
_PP v NF_ at [37]). Finally, the fourth category of rape involves rape where
the offender had displayed perverted or psychopathic tendencies or gross
personality disorder, and where he was likely, if at large, to remain a danger
to women for an indefinite period of time ("Category 4 rape"). The Court then
proceeded to set out the benchmark sentence for each category, as follows:

(a) For Category 1 rape, the benchmark sentence would be 10 years'
imprisonment and not less than 6 strokes of the cane, in light of the decision
of the Court of Criminal Appeal in _Chia Kim Heng Frederick v PP_ [1992] 1
SLR(R) 63 (“ _Frederick Chia”_) (see _PP v NF_ at [24]).

(b) For Category 2 rape, the benchmark sentence would be 15 years'
imprisonment and 12 strokes of the cane (_id_ at [36]).

(c) For Category 3 rape, the benchmark sentence would be the same as that for
Category 2 rape, _ie_ , 15 years' imprisonment and 12 strokes of the cane
(_id_ at [37]). Rajah J explained (_ibid_) that there was no overriding need
to commence sentencing at a higher benchmark in respect of Category 3 rape.
This was because the Prosecution would, in most cases, proceed with multiple
charges against the offender and, where the offender was convicted of three or
more distinct offences, the sentencing judge would have to order at least two
(with the discretion to order more than two) of the sentences to run
consecutively.

(d) For Category 4 rape, the maximum sentence of 20 years' imprisonment and 24
strokes of the cane was, in Rajah J's view, not inappropriate if the
circumstances so dictated (see _PP v NF_ at [38]).

15 The stated categories of rape and the corresponding sentencing benchmarks
for each category were endorsed by the Court of Appeal in Public Prosecutor v
Mohammed Liton Mohammed Syeed Mallik _[2008] 1 SLR(R) 601 at [94]–[95] (“_
Liton _”) and_ Public Prosecutor v UI _[2008] 4 SLR(R) 500 at_ [9] _(“_ PP v
UI _”). The Court of Appeal in_ Liton _held that_ , apart from considering the
aggravating and mitigating factors in each case, in deciding the situations
which may warrant a departure from the benchmark sentences as set out in _PP v
NF_ , the courts should be guided by three broad principles in assessing the
appropriate sentence to impose (see _Liton_ at [95]):

_(a)_

_the degree of harm to the victim;_

_(b)_

_the level of culpability of the offender; and_

_(c)_

_the level of risk posed by the offender to society_.

16 In _PP v UI_ , the offender (the biological father of the victim), pleaded
guilty to three charges of rape under s 376(2) of the Penal Code (1985 Rev
Ed). Two other charges of rape under s 376(2) and five charges of outrage of
modesty were taken into consideration for the purposes of sentencing. The
Court of Appeal considered the offences to be a betrayal of the familial
relationship of trust and authority between the accused and the victim, and
regarded it as an aggravating factor. The Court of Appeal also took into
consideration the serial nature of the offences and the accused’s further acts
of perversion. The accused was convicted and sentenced to 12 years’
imprisonment on each charge, with two charges to run consecutively for a
global sentence of 24 years’ imprisonment. He was spared from caning because
he was above 50 years old.

17 The decision of _Public Prosecutor v ABJ_ [2010] 2 SLR 377 (“ _PP v ABJ_ ”)
is a relevant precedent for the offence of sexual penetration (penile-vaginal)
under s 376A(1)(a) of the Penal Code (2008 Rev Ed). The accused was charged
with 44 counts of multiple sexual assaults against his friend’s daughter at
the victim’s home over a period of seven years when the victim was between
eight and 15 years old. He pleaded guilty to nine charges: five charges of
rape under s 376(2) and one charge of carnal intercourse against the order of
nature under s 377 of the Penal Code (1985 Rev Ed), one charge under s 7 of
the Children and Young Persons Act (Cap 38, 2001 Rev Ed) (“CYPA”), and two
charges under s 376A(1)(b) and s 376A(1)(a) of the Penal Code (2008 Rev Ed).
The remaining 35 charges were taken into account for the purposes of
sentencing. The Court of Appeal held that, in view of the deplorable and
systemic nature of the offences committed, as well as the severe harm caused
to the victim, the conduct of the accused ought to be denounced in the
strongest possible terms. The Court of Appeal upheld the trial judge’s
decision that the following sentences were appropriate: 16 years’ imprisonment
for each of the five charges under s 376(2) of the Penal Code, one year
imprisonment for the CYPA charge, 8 years’ imprisonment for the s 377 charge;
and 8 years’ imprisonment for each of the charges under s 376A(1)(b) and s
376A(1)(a) of the Penal Code. The Court of Appeal ordered the first charge
(one charge under s 376(2)), the 29th charge (the charge under s 377) and the
42nd charge (the charge under s 376A(1)(b)) to run consecutively, resulting in
a global sentence of 32 years’ imprisonment.

18 In _Public Prosecutor v YD_ [2009] 1 SLR(R) 261 (“ _PP v YD_ ”), the
accused was charged with and claimed trial to 16 charges of statutory rape
under s 376(1) of the Penal Code (1985 Rev Ed), and 26 charges of having
carnal intercourse against the course of nature under s 377 of the Penal Code
(1985 Rev Ed). The offences were committed against the accused’s step-
daughter, who was below 14 years of age. The Court held at [96] that the
accused was “practically in the same position as her natural father”, and
found that such abuse of trust and authority to be an aggravating factor. The
accused was sentenced to 10 years’ imprisonment with 12 strokes of the cane
for each of the 16 rape charges, and 5 years’ imprisonment for each of the 26
charges of having carnal intercourse against the course of nature. The
imprisonment terms for the first rape charge, the third rape charge, and the
42nd charge of having carnal intercourse against the course of nature were
ordered to run consecutively, making a global sentence of 25 years’
imprisonment with 24 strokes of the cane.

Consideration of the facts in the present case

19 The present case falls within Category 3 rape as it involved repeated rape
of the same victim. As such, the appropriate sentence would _prima facie_ be
15 years’ of imprisonment and 12 strokes of the cane for _each_ charge of
rape. It is nonetheless imperative that the actual factual matrix be
considered for the purposes of sentencing.

Period of the sexual offences

20 As admitted in the SOF, the defendant committed the first act of sexual
assault by touching the private parts of the victim when she was only in
Primary six (see SOF at [11]). The offences of statutory rape were committed
when the victim was only 12 years old (see SOF at [16]–[21]). The defendant
committed statutory rape on the victim on multiple occasions over a period of
close to three years.

Abuse of position of trust and authority

21 Apart from the above, I found the defendant’s betrayal and abuse of trust
and authority to be a significant aggravating factor. It is clear that the
defendant was in a position of trust and authority _vis-à-vis_ the victim. The
victim had initially addressed the defendant as “ _Gan Die”_ (“Godfather” in
Mandarin). Later the victim’s mother asked the victim to address the defendant
as “Daddy” (see SOF at [5]). Indeed, the defendant made the following material
admissions in the SOF (at [9]):

The victim’s mother trusted the accused, and frequently left the victim in the
accused’s care while she was at work. The victim treated the accused as her
father, and both the victim’s Primary and Secondary school administrations
knew that the accused was her guardian.

22 It is therefore clear that the defendant was in effect in the position of a
father figure to the victim. On one occasion in 2007, after the victim’s
birthday, the victim had asked the defendant to pat her to sleep as she was
afraid of the dark. This, in my view, is an example of how the victim had
regarded the defendant as her father figure. However, the defendant abused the
trust placed in him and had sexually assaulted her while patting her to sleep.
Although the defendant was entrusted with the trust, care and responsibility
of the victim, he repeatedly violated this trust.

Exploitation of the victim’s innocence

23 In addition, the defendant had exploited the victim’s innocence by
deceiving her into believing that the sex with her was to satisfy her
curiosity so that she would not be cheated in future (see SOF at [29]).
Ironically it was the defendant who “ _cheated_ ” the victim in a most vile
manner. The victim had clearly believed him as she only realised that what the
defendant had been doing to her was wrong after receiving sex education in
school (see SOF at [30]). This deception is, in my view, an extreme
aggravating factor.

Serious emotional and psychological harm caused

24 I am also mindful that the depraved acts caused not only physical harm to
the victim, but also inflicted serious emotional and psychological scars on
the victim, some of which are long-term and could lead to interpersonal
difficulties in her adult life. This reflects the gravity of the harm caused
by the defendant, which was one of the major considerations highlighted by the
Court of Appeal in _Liton_ at [95]. It was stated in the SOF that (at [32]):

Before the victim realised what the accused was doing to her, the victim
trusted her family and friends. However, after she understood what the accused
had done, the victim felt angry and sad. She also felt ‘dirty’ or unclean. She
feared that boys would despise her and no one would want to be her boyfriend.

25 Dr [GH], consultant psychiatrist of the [TY clinic] also highlighted the
long term detrimental effects on the victim’s interpersonal relationships in
her report dated 5 November 2009 (see Tab D, annexed to SOF):

[The victim] has been feeling sad and angry since she had sex education in
secondary school and realized that what the accused had done was wrong. _She
has been having recurrent thoughts about the alleged abuse and is fearful of
adult males_. _This could lead to interpersonal difficulties as well as
problems with intimacy later in life_. She also feels guilty about having
disclosed the abuse and causing him to be in prison.

26 In view of such unfortunate consequences caused by the defendant’s depraved
acts, the demands of retributive justice would require a sentence that is
commensurate with the degree of harm caused to the victim.

Transmission of sexual disease

27 The Prosecution also highlighted another noteworthy aggravating factor. The
defendant had infected the victim with a sexually transmitted disease (“STD”).
The victim was examined by Dr [RW] from [hospital 1] on 19 October 2009, and
it was stated in Dr RW’s report dated 18 November 2009 that the tests done on
the victim revealed that she had Chlamydia trachomatis DNA (see Tab C annexed
to the SOF). At around the same time, the defendant was also found to have
Chlamydia Urethritis (see medical report dated 27 January 2010 of Dr [KH], a
physician with Changi Prison Complex, Tab E, annexed to the SOF). It was not
alleged by the defendant that the victim had sexual intercourse with persons
other than himself. As such, the irresistible inference to be drawn is that
the defendant must have transmitted the STD to the victim. Evidently his
callousness in engaging in unprotected sex with the victim had caused her to
contract the STD.

28 Having considered the relevant facts and aggravating factors, I now turn my
attention to consider the alleged mitigating factors raised by the appellant.

Consideration of mitigating factors

Is consent a relevant mitigating factor

29 In his mitigation plea, the defendant sought to impress upon me that the
sex with the victim was consensual (see 4th paragraph of the mitigation plea):

…the victim has agreed [it was] consensual sex and she repeatedly say that she
had sex with me…

30 This raised two important questions: to _what extent_ should consent be
_accepted_ as a _relevant_ mitigating factor for offences of statutory rape
and sexual penetration of a minor; and secondly, _even if_ accepted as a
relevant mitigating factor, _how much weight_ should be accorded to this
factor?

31 In _Tay Kim Kuan v Public Prosecutor_ [2001] 2 SLR(R) 876, the appellant
pleaded guilty to a charge under s 140(1)(i) of the Women's Charter (Cap 353,
1997 Rev Ed) of having carnal connection with the victim, who at the material
time was under 16 years of age. The appellant submitted before the court that
the victim’s consent was a mitigating factor. The Court, however, found that
consent was not a relevant mitigating factor in determining the sentence for
the offence under s 140(1)(i) of the Women’s Charter:

13 In my view _, issues of consent are entirely irrelevant to offences under s
140(1)(i) of the Women's Charter, the policy of which is to afford blanket
protection to young girls who are regarded by the statute as being mentally
and emotionally unprepared to handle relationships of a sexual nature. Girls
under the age of 16 are thus deemed by the law to be incapable of giving valid
consent to a sexual act, and, in my view, rightly so, as many at that age are
ill-equipped to handle the serious social consequences which often arise out
of just one single night of reckless passion_. These girls often lack not just
the resources but the emotional strength of mind to cope with the heavy
responsibilities of an unplanned pregnancy and worse, the physical and
psychological trauma of having to undergo an abortion. The spectre of unwanted
children, its links to juvenile delinquency and the concomitant effects on the
progress of modern society all collectively favour the legislative policy of
strict liability where sexual intercourse with underaged girls is concerned.
Much as these girls may have procured or actively initiated the encounter, the
purpose of s 140(1)(i) is to place the onus on the male adult to exercise
restraint and discipline in curbing his carnality. In this respect, the law
may be said to be paternalistic, and perhaps even overprotective in seeking to
guard young girls from a precocious desire for sexual experience. Nevertheless
the social and humane reasons for such a welfare state of the law are too
compelling to be ignored. In my view, the court has to send out a clear signal
to the public that men who engage in sexual intercourse with girls under 16 do
so at their own peril.

…

16 While I accepted counsel's argument that the extent to which a victim
agreed to and encouraged what was done is relevant to an accused's mitigation,
it was not the be-all and end-all of the matter. Many other factors also have
to be looked at at the same time. As already alluded to, consent _per se_ is
not a defence to an offence under s 140(1)(i) of the Women 's Charter. Quite
frankly, _I found the whole argument about consent to be difficult to
comprehend since a lack of consent in the first place would have attracted a
charge of rape under the more serious provisions of the Penal Code (Cap 224),
rather than merely the statutory offence prescribed by the Women's Charter_.
Similarly if there had indeed been any trickery, deception or violence, then
any consent given by the woman would clearly have been vitiated, thus
warranting a charge of rape as well. As a result, I am of the view that
_consent of the girl should not be treated as a mitigating factor in cases
under s 140(1)(i)_ as it appears to me that such consent would in any event
have been forthcoming in a majority of the cases brought under s 140(1)(i)
anyway.

[emphasis added]

32 In _Annis bin Abdullah v Public Prosecutor_ [2004] 2 SLR(R) 93, the
appellant pleaded guilty to one charge of having carnal intercourse against
the order of nature under s 377 of the Penal Code (1985 Rev Ed). The victim
was 15 years old at the time the offence was committed. The Court likewise
held that consent was irrelevant for the purposes of determining the sentence
for offences under s 377 of the Penal Code:

50 In my view, as a general guide, "young victims" should be those under 16
years of age. This would be consonant with the protection of young women under
s 140(1)(i) of the Women's Charter which was enacted on the basis that girls
under the age of 16 are deemed to be incapable of giving valid consent to a
sexual act. I was of the view that this principle should be extended to s 377
offences, such that in cases where the victim is under the age of 16 years,
his or her consent is irrelevant for the purposes of sentencing. The
underlying principle in this regard is that _young girls under the age of 16
may not have the experience or the maturity to make decisions in their own
best interests about their own sexuality and that the law must step in to
prevent their exposure to sexual activity regardless of their purported
consent_.

51 The present case would fall under this category of cases and the fact that
the victim had agreed to the act of fellatio should not be accorded mitigating
weight.

[emphasis added]

33 The Court in _Public Prosecutor v Soh Lip Yong_ [1993] 3 SLR(R) 364
similarly took the view that consent was immaterial in determining the
appropriate sentence for the offence of statutory rape under s 376(1) of the
Penal Code (1985 Rev Ed). If the offence was committed without consent, a
charge of aggravated rape could be brought under s 376(2) of the Penal Code
(1985 Rev Ed) (the equivalent of which is found in s 375(3) of the Penal Code
(2008 Rev Ed)) (at [26]):

In my view, this would mean that since the underaged victim's consent is
immaterial in determining whether the offence has been committed, it should
also make no difference in considering what sentence to impose on the
offender. This is clear from the fact that, where there is no consent given to
sexual intercourse by the underaged victim, the offence is in fact considered
to be aggravated and a charge can be brought under s 376(2) of the Penal Code
which attracts a minimum sentence of eight years' imprisonment and 12 strokes
of the cane. As such, it must be the case that, even when the underaged victim
has consented, the benchmark sentence in _Chia Kim Heng Frederick v PP_
[[1992] 1 SLR(R) 63] applies in full force. Where she has not consented but
the charge is nonetheless framed under s 376(1), it becomes an aggravating
factor in determining the appropriate sentence to impose on the offender.

34 In my view, the considerations stated above with regard to the offence of
statutory rape under s 376(1) or carnal intercourse against the order of
nature under s 377 of the Penal Code (1985 Rev Ed) are applicable with equal
force to the determination of sentences for the offence of statutory rape
punishable under s 375(2) of the Penal Code (2008 Rev Ed); and for the
offences of sexual penetration of a minor under 16 punishable under s 376A of
the Penal Code (2008 Rev Ed). The underlying rationale behind these provisions
is to protect young and vulnerable girls from being sexually exploited.
Indeed, as a matter of societal morality and legislative policy, girls below
16 years of age are, due to their inexperience and presumed lack of sexual and
emotional maturity, considered to be vulnerable and susceptible to coercion
and hence incapable of giving informed consent. This is epitomized by the fact
that the offences of statutory rape and sexual penetration of a minor are
_strict liability_ offences as far as consent is concerned. This was also
alluded to by the Court of Appeal in _PP v UI_ where it was commented that (at
[60]) the “law _imputes an inability to consent_ to the sexual acts committed
against [the victim] as she is a minor”. It would therefore be contrary to
such considerations for the court to treat consent as a relevant mitigating
factor for such offences. There will also be several _practical_ problems if
consent is to be regarded as a relevant mitigating factor: evidence would have
to be adduced to show the degree of sexual and emotional maturity of the
victim, the degree of coercion on the offender’s part, and even whether the
acts (if any) of the victim were allegedly sexually provocative or not[note:
3]. Furthermore, an offender’s contention of consent is irrelevant because if
there is indeed _no consent_ , the offender would have committed the graver
offences of rape under s 375(1)(a) or of aggravated rape under s 375(3) of the
Penal Code (2008 Rev Ed).

35 I add here, parenthically, that I do not discount the possibility of
_exceptional_ cases where consent _may_ be regarded as a relevant mitigating
factor for statutory rape or sexual penetration of a minor, especially where
the victim and the offender was of the _same or similar age_ at the time the
offences were committed (even in such cases however, the court should look at
the age gap between the offender and the victim; the greater the age gap, _the
lesser the mitigating weight_ that may possibly be accorded to the purported
consent). However, given that this is not the situation before me, I shall say
no more.

36 Turning to the facts of the present case, to begin with, I am unable to
accept the defendant’s assertion that the sexual acts were consensual in the
sense of _positive consent_. I am mindful that in the victim’s first
information report, it was stated that she had “been having _consensual_ sex”
with the defendant for over two years. However this statement must be read
together with the SOF in which the defendant admitted that, sometime in 2007
when the defendant first touched the private parts of the victim while they
were on the same bed with the victim’s mother, the victim had moved her body
in the hope that the defendant would stop (see SOF at [12]). Further the
defendant also admitted that the victim had even tried to stop the defendant
on a few occasions in 2009 but was afraid that the defendant would be angry
with her (see SOF at [30]). What the defendant is effectively saying is that
no force or violence was used by him in committing the offences. That is quite
different from saying it was truly “ _consensual_ ”. This is a separate point
which is dealt with below.

Absence of force or violence

37 The defendant also sought to emphasise in his mitigation plea that _he did
not use any_ force, weapons, alcohol or drugs during the commission of the
offences. The defendant’s contention is wholly misconceived. The consideration
and balancing of mitigating and aggravating factors is not a zero-sum process.
As a matter of jurisprudential logic, the _absence of an aggravating factor_
cannot _ipso facto_ constitute a mitigating factor. This is because a
mitigating factor is something which an accused is given credit for (see
_Krishnan Chand v Public Prosecutor_ [1995] 1 SLR(R) 737 at [7]; _Public
Prosecutor v Lim Hoon Choo_ [2000] 1 SLR(R) 221 at [14]; _Public Prosecutor v
Ong Ker Seng_ [2001] SGHC 226 at [29]; _Public Prosecutor v Chew Suang Heng_
[2001] 1 SLR(R) 127 at [18]), and it cannot be said that the absence of an
aggravating factor is something which the defendant should be _given credit
for_. In the present case, it would be incongruous for any sentencing judge to
give credit to the defendant for his omission to use force, weapons, drugs or
alcohol in the commission of the statutory rape and sexual penetration. If the
position was otherwise, an offender could conceivably compile a list of
_negatives_ (what he _did not do_) in order to gain a discount in sentence.
This, in my view, does not serve any sentencing principle or objective. On the
other hand, there is no doubt that had force, weapons, alcohol or drugs been
used in the commission of the offences, it would have amounted to a severe
aggravating factor.

The defendant’s plea of guilt

38 In his mitigation plea, the defendant also sought to emphasise his plea of
guilt (see 3rd and 4th paragraph of the mitigation plea):

…my strong guilt…and conscience has spurred me to voluntarily surrender
[_sic_] myself …I even go to the extent to share the consequences with the
victim [and] to let her know what I’ve done is wrong[.]…[S]he has the right to
expose me to bring me to justice…

…I believe my action of making my confession, voluntarily surrender[ing]
myself…speak[s] louder than any words I’ve said[,] and most of all it…prove[s]
my sincerity of repentance…

39 It is accepted that a mere plea of guilt does not _ipso facto_ entitle the
defendant to a discount in the sentence (see _Fu Too Tong and others v Public
Prosecutor_ [1995] 1 SLR(R) 1 at [12]–[14], _Angliss Singapore Pte. Ltd v
Public Prosecutor_ [2006] 4 SLR(R) 653 and _Wong Kai Chuen Philip v Public
Prosecutor_ [1990] 2 SLR(R) 361 at [13]–[14]). The Court in _PP v NF_ made the
apposite observation that (at [57]):

...a plea of guilt does not _ipso facto_ entitle an offender to a discount in
his sentence. Whether an early plea of guilt is given any mitigating value
depends on whether it is indicative of genuine remorse and a holistic overview
of the continuum of relevant circumstances: _Angliss Singapore Pte Ltd v PP_
[2006] 4 SLR(R) 653 at [77]. A court should also carefully examine the conduct
of the offender after the commission of the offence in order to determine
whether the offender is genuinely contrite.

40 I was not persuaded that the defendant’s plea of guilt was indicative of
his genuine remorse. The defendant had committed statutory rape and sexual
penetration on **_11_** occasions over a span of **_close to three years_** ,
and never once did he stop to reflect upon his actions, or to consider turning
himself in. In fact, the defendant’s conduct is symptomatic of someone who had
no regard for the gravity of his actions. For example, the defendant even had
the temerity to ask the victim whether the sexual assault was “nice” (see SOF
at [15]). Sometime between 5 February 2009 and 5 October 2009, the defendant
instructed the victim not to disclose the statutory rape and sexual
penetration to anyone because he would be arrested, jailed and caned (see SOF
at [29]). In other words, he emotionally “blackmailed” her to maintain her
silence. Indeed the defendant had initially denied ever having touched the
victim when he was first confronted by the victim’s mother. Even after his
admission to the victim’s mother, the defendant had _asked the victim’s mother
for a delay of one month_ before turning himself in to the police. The
victim’s mother had agreed on condition that the defendant surrendered his
passport and acknowledged in writing that he would turn himself in to the
police. In the letter, the defendant wrote that he “committed **_a_** sinful
crime of **_sexual harassment_** ” (see Tab B, annexed to the SOF). This was
quite far from the truth since he had committed statutory rape and sexual
penetration on the victim on multiple occasions. Finally, I was also disturbed
by an allegation made by the defendant to Dr [QR] from [hospital 2] during the
assessment of the victim’s fitness to plead on 23 October 2009 (see Dr QR’s
report dated 3 November 2009 at Tab G, annexed to SOF):

13.…[the accused] reported surprise that [the victim] would initiate intimacy
on occasion, and they began to have regular intercourse…

41 The defendant’s disconcerting attempt to lay some blame on the victim is
unsupported by the facts stated in the SOF, the mitigation plea and the oral
submissions before me. Indeed, the attempt to lay blame on the victim is
contrary to the facts admitted to by the defendant in the SOF. For example,
the defendant admitted that the victim had hoped that the defendant would stop
the sexual assaults (see SOF at [12]); and the victim had even tried to stop
the defendant a few times in 2009 but she was afraid that the defendant would
be angry with her (see SOF at [30]). In view of the defendant’s conduct in
totality, I was not satisfied that the defendant was genuinely remorseful of
his actions. Nevertheless, I acknowledged that the defendant’s plea of guilt
did obviate the need for a trial and had thus spared the victim of the ordeal
of revisiting the distasteful events in court.

Lack of antecedents

42 Finally, the defendant’s lack of antecedents cannot be accorded any
mitigating weight of significance in the circumstances of this case, given
that the offences were carried out on 11 occasions over a period of close to
three years.

The sentences

43 In the light of the undisputed facts, the present situation would fall
under “Category 3” rape (see _PP v NF_ at [37]) since it involved repeated
acts of rape. The relevant sentencing benchmark for each charge would _prima
facie_ be 15 years’ imprisonment and 12 strokes of the cane. The Court in _PP
v NF_ however observed that there is no requirement to increase the benchmark
_beyond_ 15 years’ imprisonment for Category 3 rape for each charge as the
sentencing court already has the discretion to impose consecutive sentences
where multiple offences were committed (at [37]):

Category 3 rapes are those involving repeated rape of the same victim or of
multiple victims. I agree with the courts in Millberry ... that such offenders
pose more than an ordinary danger to society and therefore ought to be
penalised severely with draconian sentences. However, in most cases where the
offender has terrorised the same victim multiple times or where he has
assaulted multiple victims, the Prosecution would proceed with multiple
charges against the accused. _A sentencing judge has then the option to
exercise his discretion to order more than one sentence to run consecutively
in order to reflect the magnitude of the offender's culpability. As such,
there is no overriding need for judges to commence sentencing at a higher
benchmark than that applied to category 2 rapes. In fact, to do so may in many
cases result in double accounting and excessive sentences_

[emphasis added].

44 Indeed, this exercise of judicial discretion to calibrate the appropriate
sentence for each charge in situations where consecutive sentences were
imposed for repeated rape is exemplified in several precedents already
discussed above (at [12] – [18]). In _PP v UI_ (see above at [16]), the
offender pleaded guilty to three charges of rape under s 376(2) of the Penal
Code (1985 Rev Ed) and two other charges of rape were taken into
consideration. He was convicted and sentenced to _12 years’ imprisonment_ on
each charge with two charges to run consecutively with a global sentence of 24
years’ imprisonment. In _PP v YD_ (see above at [18]), the offender was
sentenced to _10 years’ imprisonment_ with 12 strokes of the cane for each of
the 16 rape charges under s 376(1) of the Penal Code (1985 Rev Ed), and 5
years’ imprisonment for each of the 26 charges of having carnal intercourse
against the course of nature under s 377 of the Penal Code (1985 Rev Ed). Two
rape charges and one charge of having carnal intercourse were ordered to run
consecutively, which resulted in a global sentence of 25 years’ imprisonment
with 24 strokes of the cane.

45 Furthermore, in _Public Prosecutor v MW_ [2002] 2 SLR(R) 432, the offender
pleaded guilty to three charges of rape under s 376(2) of the Penal Code (1985
Rev Ed). The victim was his 13 year old biological daughter. He was sentenced
to _12 years’ imprisonment_ with 12 strokes of the cane per charge. Two of the
sentences were ordered to run consecutively for a global sentence of 24 years’
imprisonment with 24 strokes of the cane.

46 In _Public Prosecutor v MX_ [2006] 2 SLR(R) 786, the accused pleaded guilty
to 5 charges of rape under s 376(1) and 4 charges of aggravated rape under s
376(2) of the Penal Code. The accused's victims were his five daughters from
his various wives. The accused was sentenced to _10 years' imprisonment_ and 8
strokes of the cane for each of the charges under s 376(1) and _12 years'
imprisonment_ and 12 strokes of the cane for each of the charges under s
376(2). Two of the sentences for the s 376(1) charges and one of the sentences
for the s 376(2) charges were ordered to run consecutively, totalling 32
years' imprisonment and 24 strokes of the cane.

47 As can be seen from the above decisions, where consecutive imprisonment
sentences were imposed, the calibration of the individual sentences brought
the individual imprisonment sentence for _each_ charge of rape below the
_prima facie_ benchmark of 15 years’ imprisonment set out in _PP v NF_. The
sentences imposed for such cases typically ranged between 10 to 12 years’
imprisonment _per charge_ resulting in a global sentence between 24 to 32
years’ imprisonment. Nevertheless, this should not be taken as a rigid and
mechanical application of any sentencing formulae. It is pertinent to
highlight that _PP v NF_ merely observed that it would ordinarily not be
necessary to go beyond the 15 years benchmark _per charge_ for Category 3
rape. Accordingly, I do not rule out situations where a sentence of 15 years’
imprisonment (or more) can be ordered for _each_ charge _even where_
consecutive sentences are imposed, especially where the offences were
committed with egregious depravity or repulsive perversion to warrant the
resolute force of the law such as in _PP v ABJ_ (see [17] above) where the
accused sexually assaulted the victim on 44 occasions, and was sentenced to,
_inter alia_ , 16 years’ imprisonment for each charge of rape under s 376(2)
of the Penal Code (1985 Rev Ed). Ultimately, in considering the relevant
precedents (as set out above) where the _totality principle_ was adhered to,
the sentencing court should be mindful that the precise calibration of the
sentences for each offence where consecutive sentences are ordered must be
tailored to the specific factual circumstances of each case. The underlying
principle is that the totality of the sentence imposed must fit the overall
gravity of the offences committed (see also _ADF v Public Prosecutor_ [2010] 1
SLR 874 at [146] and _Public Prosecutor v Law Aik Meng_ [2007] 2 SLR(R) 814 at
[60]). In the present case, there were two additional aggravating factors
which were absent from the earlier precedents. The defendant had infected the
victim with an STD and had deceived her into believing that the sexual
intercourse was in her interest to prevent her from being cheated in future.
In view of the aggravating factors as well as the lack of mitigating factors
in the present case, and having considered the seriousness of the harm caused
to the victim, I accepted the Prosecution’s submission that a heavy sentence
was warranted (the Prosecution had sought for a sentence in excess of 24
years’ imprisonment with 24 strokes of the cane). Taking into consideration
the multiple charges and s 18 of the CPC which mandates at least two
consecutive imprisonment terms, I could have sentenced the defendant to 15
years’ imprisonment for each charge resulting in a global sentence of 30
years’ imprisonment. However, taking into account the totality principle and
the fact that his plea of guilt did at least spare the victim of reliving the
traumatic ordeal, I decided to sentence the defendant to 13 years’
imprisonment (instead of 15 years per charge) and 12 strokes of the cane for
each charge of statutory rape under s 376(1) of the Penal Code (1985 Rev Ed)
and s 375(2) of the Penal Code (2008 Rev Ed); and 7 years’ imprisonment for
the charge of sexual penetration (penile-vaginal) of a minor under 16 years of
age under s 376A of the Penal Code (2008 Rev Ed). I ordered the sentences for
the two charges under s 376(1) to run consecutively, with all other sentences
to run concurrently, making a total of 26 years’ imprisonment with 24 strokes
of the cane. I am of the view that the overall sentence of 26 years’
imprisonment with 24 strokes of the cane would adequately reflect the gravity
of the offences committed by the defendant.

* * *

[note: 1]N/E at p 15.

[note: 2]N/E at p 15 to 17.

[note: 3]See generally Britton B. Guerroma, _Mitigating Punishment for
Statutory Rape_ 65 U Chi L Rev 4 (1998).

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 07 Feb 2011 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

