Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Woon Brothers Investments Pte Ltd _v_ Management Corporation Strata Title
Plan No 461 and others  
[2011] SGCA 43

Case Number| :| Originating Summons No 499 of 2010 (Registrar's Appeal No 300
of 2010)  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 25 August 2011  
Tribunal/Court| :| Court of Appeal  
Coram| :|  Chao Hick Tin JA; V K Rajah JA  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Nicholas Lazarus (Justicius Law Corporation) for the
Appellant; Boo Moh Cheh (Kurup & Boo) for the First Respondent; Philip Fong,
Justin Chia and Kylie Peh (Harry Elias Partnership LLP) for the Second to
Fifth Respondents  
Parties| :|  Woon Brothers Investments Pte Ltd — Management Corporation Strata
Title Plan No 461 and others  
  
[LawNet Editorial Note: The decision from which this appeal arose is reported
at [2011] 2 SLR 405.]

25 August 2011|  
---|---  
  
Chao Hick Tin JA:

Introduction

1 This appeal arose out of an originating summons (“the OS”) taken out by a
subsidiary proprietor of a unit within the building known as “International
Plaza” against the building’s management corporation, three of the management
corporation’s members and the building’s developer. The latter four
respondents applied to convert the OS into a writ of summons (“the writ”) but
their application was dismissed by an Assistant Registrar (“AR”). However, the
AR’s decision was reversed upon appeal to a judge in chambers (“the Judge”).
This appeal was from the Judge’s decision which we heard and dismissed on 11
April 2011. As the procedural questions raised in the appeal are of some
general interest, these grounds are accordingly issued.

Background

2 Woon Brothers Investments Pte Ltd (“the Appellant”) is the subsidiary
proprietor of Unit #46-15 in International Plaza, 10, Anson Road, Singapore
079908 (“the Building”). It filed the OS against the respondents. The
respondents in this Appeal are the defendants in the OS. Management
Corporation Strata Title Plan No 461 (“the First Respondent”), a body
corporate established under the Land Titles (Strata) Act (Cap 158, 2009 Rev
Ed) (“the Strata Act”), consists of the subsidiary proprietors of all the
units in the Building. It is the function of the First Respondent to manage
the Building. The executive body of the First Respondent is the Council. Its
members are elected by the subsidiary proprietors from among themselves as
provided in s 53 of the Building Maintenance and Strata Management Act (Cap
30C, 2008 Rev Ed) (“the BMSMA”).

3 The second to fifth respondents applied to convert the OS into a writ.
Cheong Keng Hooi (“the Second Respondent”), Cheong Hooi Hong (“the Third
Respondent”) and Cheong Sim Lam (“the Fourth Respondent”) are brothers and at
the material time were members of the Council. The Third Respondent was the
Chairman of the First Respondent. By the time the OS was instituted, the
Fourth Respondent had ceased to be a member of the Council although his other
two brothers remained on the Council. The Second and the Third Respondents are
shareholders of International Associated Company Pte Ltd (“the Fifth
Respondent”), which was the developer of International Plaza. They are also
shareholders in Seiko Architectural Wall Systems Pte Ltd, Tian Teck Realty Pte
Ltd and Ka$h International Pte Ltd, companies which were also the subjects of
allegations made by the Appellant in the OS.

4 In the OS, which was filed on 20 May 2010, the Appellant alleged, _inter
alia_ , fraud, misappropriation of funds belonging to International Plaza’s
subsidiary proprietors, the failure to act honestly and with reasonable
diligence, and for taking advantage of their positions as Council Members to
gain various benefits, against the Respondents. The Appellant averred that the
Respondents had acted in breach of the obligations imposed upon them by BMSMA
and the Strata Act. The Respondents denied these allegations.

5 On 18 June 2010, the Second to Fifth Respondents applied, under Summons No
2788 of 2010 and pursuant to O 28 r 8 and O 5 rr 2 and 4 of the Rules of Court
(Cap 322, R 5, 2006 Rev Ed) (“the ROC”), to convert the OS into a writ and for
consequential directions arising from the conversion. In support of this
application, the Third Respondent deposed in an affidavit that an OS was not
an appropriate process to resolve the dispute, given the numerous contested
factual issues in the present action.

6 The AR, who heard the application, dismissed it for two main reasons. First,
she was unconvinced that there was a substantial dispute of facts sufficient
to warrant a conversion of originating process. Second, she held that in any
event, a dispute on facts did not automatically necessitate a conversion of an
OS into a writ as the court had the option under O 28 r 4(4) of ordering
deponents of affidavits filed to be cross-examined.

7 The Second to Fifth Respondents appealed to the Judge against the AR’s
decision, by way of Registrar’s Appeal No 300 of 2010. The Judge allowed the
appeal: see _Woon Brothers Investments Pte Ltd v Management Corporation Strata
Titles Plan No 461 and Ors_ [2011] 2 SLR 405. The Judge converted the OS for
three main reasons. First, as the application to court was not an application
made under the BMSMA, it was not mandatory to commence the proceedings by OS.
Second, there was a high likelihood of substantial disputes of fact. Third,
the alternative to conversion of an OS into a writ, by resorting to O 28 r 4
of the ROC of having the deponents of affidavit cross-examined, was
unsatisfactory.

The relevant legal provisions

8 We will begin by referring to the relevant statutory provisions. The first
provision is s 124(1) of the BMSMA which reads:

Legal proceedings

124\. — (1) Every application to the court under this Act shall be by
originating summons.

9 The other relevant provision is O 5 of the ROC which governs the
commencement of legal proceedings.

...

Proceedings which must be begun by writ (O. 5, r. 2)

2\. Proceedings in which a substantial dispute of fact is _likely_ to arise
shall be begun by writ.

Proceedings which must be begun by originating summons (O. 5, r. 3)

3\. Proceedings by which an application is to be made to the Court or a Judge
thereof _under any written law_ must be begun by originating summons.

...

[emphasis added]

10 The Second to Fifth Respondents’ application to convert the OS into a writ
was made pursuant to O 28 r 8 of the ROC which reads:

Continuation of proceedings as if cause or matter begun by writ (O. 28, r. 8)

8.—(1) Where, in the case of a cause or matter _begun by originating summons_
, it appears to the Court at any stage of the proceedings that the proceedings
should for any reason be continued as if the cause or matter had been begun by
writ, it may order the proceedings to continue as if the cause or matter had
been so begun and may, in particular, order that pleadings shall be delivered
or that any affidavits shall stand as pleadings, with or without liberty to
any of the parties to add thereto or to apply for particulars thereof.

...

(3) This Rule applies _notwithstanding that the cause or matter in question
could not have been begun by writ_.

...

[emphasis added]

11 Where appropriate, instead of converting an OS into a writ, the courts may
give directions for the filing of evidence and attendance of deponents for
cross-examination on specific areas. These are provided for in O 28 r 4 of the
ROC:

Directions, etc., by Court (O. 28, r. 4)

...

(2) Unless on the first hearing of an originating summons the Court disposes
of the originating summons altogether or orders the cause or matter begun by
it to be transferred to a District Court or makes an order under Rule 8, the
Court shall give such directions as to the further conduct of the proceedings
as it thinks best adapted to secure the just, expeditious and economical
disposal thereof.

(3) Without prejudice to the generality of paragraph (2), the Court shall, at
as early a stage of the proceedings on the originating summons as appears to
it to be practicable, consider whether there is or may be a dispute as to fact
and whether the just, expeditious and economical disposal of the proceedings
can accordingly best be secured by hearing the originating summons on oral
evidence or mainly on oral evidence and, if it thinks fit, may order that no
further evidence shall be filed and that the originating summons shall be
heard on oral evidence or partly on oral evidence and partly on affidavit
evidence, with or without cross-examination of any of the deponents, as it may
direct.

(4) _Without prejudice to the generality of paragraph (2), and subject to
paragraph (3), the Court may give directions as to the filing of evidence and
as to the attendance of deponents for cross-examination and any other
directions_.

[emphasis added]

Issues

12 Before us, the Appellant’s basic contention was that since a party who
wishes to make an application under s 124(1) of the BMSMA is required to do so
by way of an OS, the court does not have the discretion to convert such an OS
into a writ. The alternative argument of the Appellant was that even if the
court had the discretion to convert the OS into a writ, the Judge had, in the
circumstances of this case, wrongly exercised her discretion in so ordering a
conversion. Accordingly, the following two issues were raised in this appeal:

(a)

Whether, notwithstanding s 124(1) of the BMSMA, the court has the jurisdiction
to convert the OS into a writ (“the jurisdiction issue”).

(b)

If the court has the jurisdiction, whether the court’s discretion should, in
the present circumstances, be exercised to convert the OS into a writ (“the
discretion issue”).

The jurisdiction issue

13 The jurisdiction issue raised by the Appellant necessitates a consideration
of s 124(1) of BMSMA and O 28 rr 8(1) and 8(3) of the ROC (see [10] above).
Order 28 r 8(3) clearly provides that an OS may be converted into a writ
notwithstanding the fact that the proceeding could not be commenced by writ.
This rule notwithstanding, the Appellant contended that it does not apply in
the present case. Its reasoning was that the ROC, being a piece of subsidiary
legislation, should not be allowed to prevail over the BMSMA, an Act of
Parliament. In support of this argument, the Appellant cited s19(c) of the
Interpretation Act (Cap 1, 2002 Rev Ed) (“the Interpretation Act”) which
reads:

General provisions with respect to power given to any authority to make
subsidiary legislation

19\. When any Act confers powers on any authority to make subsidiary
legislation, the following provisions shall, unless the contrary intention
appears, have effect with reference to the making and operation of the
subsidiary legislation:

...

(c) no subsidiary legislation made under an Act shall be inconsistent with the
provisions of any Act.

14 What is set out in s 19 of the Interpretation Act is clear: an authority
empowered by an Act to make subsidiary legislation cannot make rules or
regulations which are inconsistent with that Act or any other Act. The logic
for this provision makes absolute sense as otherwise, it would mean that the
authority empowered to make subsidiary legislation can override the will of
Parliament which is reflected in the Act. In the modern legislative context,
it is the practice of Parliament to delegate the power to make subsidiary
legislation to implement the objects of the Act to a subsidiary authority like
a Minister. Therefore the question which we need to consider here is whether
what is provided in O 28 r 8(1) and (3) is inconsistent with s 124(1) of
BMSMA. In this regard, it is vitally important not to lose sight of the fact
that the ROC are a specific set of rules made by the Rules Committee, pursuant
to the Supreme Court of Judicature Act (Cap 322), to regulate the conduct of
civil litigation in court. O 28 r 8(1) and (3) is a specific rule within that
set of rules.

15 In _Thomas & Betts (SE Asia) Pte Ltd v Ou Tin Joon and another_ [1998] 1
SLR(R) 380 (“ _Thomas Betts_ ”) at [6] – [7], this court had the occasion to
address the question of how the ROC ought to be read with an Act of
Parliament. There this court stated:

6 It was further argued on behalf of the appellants that s 80 of the [Supreme
Court of Judicature] Act [(Cap 322) (“the Act”)] by sub-s (2)(a) empowers the
Rules Committee to make Rules of Court prescribing, [_inter alia_], the time
within which an application under the Act is to be made. The Rules Committee
have made the Rules of Court, which by O 56 r 2 prescribe the time for making
an application for further arguments under s 34(1)(c) of the Act. _While the
Act provides the substantive right of appeal, the Rules lay down the procedure
as to how and the time within which an appeal is to be initiated and pursued.
The Act and the Rules are to be read consistently, and thus read, matters such
as the procedure, manner and the time for making an application under the Act
are governed by the Rules of Court_. Since the Rules of Court apply, the
period of time for making the application under s 34(1)(c) for further
arguments should be computed in accordance with the Rules.

7 _This argument of the appellants would be valid, if s 34(1)(c) is silent as
to the time within which the application for further arguments is to be made_.
But the section is specific in terms of the time for making the application,
and in view of the specific time that has been provided in that section it is
not open to the Rules Committee to make any rule prescribing a time which is
at variance or inconsistent with such time. In our judgment, whatever may be
the time prescribed by the Rules, the time specified in the Act must prevail.

[emphasis added]

16 In _Thomas Betts_ , the court was dealing with a situation where the
applicable rule of the ROC was clearly inconsistent with an express provision
of an Act. But can that be said to be the position with regard to the present
matter? Section 124(1) of BMSMA merely provides that every application under
that Act “shall be by originating summons”. The Appellant emphasised the fact
that s 124(1) used the term “shall be by” instead of “shall commence by” or
“shall [be] begun by” and that, it said, could only mean that Parliament
intended the entire proceeding which was commenced as an OS must continue as
an OS. On the other hand, the Second to Fifth Respondents pointed out that
s124(1) employed the word, “application”, and not “proceeding” and thus
Parliament could not have intended that once an application was made by way of
an OS, it must continue as an OS right up to final adjudication by the court.

17 Reference was also made by the Second to Fifth Respondents to the fact that
the heading to s 124 uses the expression “legal proceedings” whereas s 124(1)
refers to “application”. They thus submitted that the word “application” in s
124(1) should bear a narrower sense, it really being a subset of
“proceedings”. In support thereof, they referred to the meanings ascribed to
these two words in _Black’s Law Dictionary_ (West Publishing, 8th Ed, 2004) at
108 and 1241, with “application” to mean “[a] request or petition” and
“proceeding” to mean:

**1**. The regular and orderly progression of a lawsuit, including all acts
and events between the time of commencement and the entry of judgment.

**2**. Any procedural means for seeking redress from a tribunal or agency.

**3**. An act or step that is part of a larger action.

**4**. The business conducted by a court or other official body; a hearing.

**5**. _Bankruptcy_. A particular dispute or matter arising within a pending
case – as opposed to the case as a whole.

[emphasis in original]

18 It is plain that these two words do not mean the same thing, with
“application” meaning the commencement of proceeding and “proceeding”
encompassing the entire process of litigation from commencement to final
judgment.

19 In this regard, we note that there is an established presumption of
statutory interpretation that the same word is to bear the same meaning
throughout the Act. This was reaffirmed in _Madras Electric Supply Corporation
Ltd v Boarland (Inspector of Taxes)_ [1955] AC 667 (“ _Madras Electric_ ”) at
685 and _Hounslow London Borough Council v Thames Water Utilities Ltd_ [2003]
3 WLR 1243 at 1264. This follows from the reasoning that the Parliamentary
draftsman would not indulge in elegant variation, but would keep to a
particular term when wishing to convey a particular meaning. But when
different words are adopted in a statute, that must mean that those words
should mean different things. There is nothing in s 124 to indicate that the
two words should not bear their respective plain ordinary meanings.

20 It seems to us that the critical question to ask here is whether there is
anything in s 124(1) to suggest that Parliament, by prescribing that every
application under the BMSMA “shall be by” OS, intended to take away the
inherent jurisdiction of the court to deal with procedural issues which may
arise in connection with the case, in particular in relation to how an OS
instituted thereunder should thereafter progress in court. Clearly there is
nothing in that brief subsection to indicate that Parliament had intended to
interfere, or take away, the court’s inherent jurisdiction to administer
judicial proceedings, after they have been commenced, in accordance with the
ROC. The point we would underscore is that s 124(1) is neither patently nor
implicitly inconsistent with O 28 r 8(1) and (3).

21 In this regard, we note that BMSMA was enacted by Parliament in 2004. At
the time, O 28 r 8(1) and (3) was already part of the ROC. Parliament must be
deemed to have known what were laid down in the ROC. If Parliament had
intended by the enactment of s 124(1) to override what was provided in O 28 r
8(1) and (3), we would have expected Parliament to say so more explicitly. It
did not do so. There is, therefore, simply no basis for this court to hold
that s 124(1) is inconsistent with O 28 r 8(1) and (3). The Appellant placed
emphasis on the expression “shall be by” in s 124(1) (see [16] above). In the
context, we think that expression should sensibly be construed to mean “shall
be commenced by”. What the Appellant would like this court to do was to read
those words to effectively mean “shall be commenced by an OS and shall
continue as such until judgment of the court”. There is simply nothing in s
124(1) to justify such an expanded reading of those three simple words.

22 Another presumption which had been argued to be relevant here is that
Parliament would not have intended a statute to give rise to an absurd,
unworkable or inconvenient result. Lord Millett stated in _R (on the
application of Edison First Power Ltd) v Secretary of State for the
Environment, Transport and the Regions_ [2003] UKHL 20 at [116] – [117]:

116 ... The Courts will presume that Parliament did not intend a statute to
have consequences which are objectionable or undesirable; or absurd; or
unworkable or impracticable; or merely inconvenient; or anomalous or
illogical; or futile or pointless.

117\. But the strength of these presumptions depends on the degree to which a
particular construction produces an unreasonable result. The more unreasonable
a result, the less likely it is that Parliament intended it: see (in a
contractual context) _Wickman Machine Tool Sales Ltd v L Schuler AG_ [1974] AC
235 at p 251 _per_ Lord Reid. ...

It cannot be disputed that matters relating to the administration of judicial
proceeding are, as they ought to be, within the exclusive domain of the
courts. There are sound policy reasons for this. There is no reason why
Parliament should want to impose a system which would be inconvenient or
impracticable to the courts in their administration of justice. Adopting the
argument of the Appellant here would mean that the courts are required to
continue managing a case in a manner which the courts themselves consider to
be inexpedient or inconvenient.

23 For the record, we note that there are precedents where an OS commenced
under a provision similar to s 124(1) of BMSMA had been converted into a writ.
In _Management Corporation Strata Title Plan No 1786 v Huang Hsiang Shui_
[2006] SGDC 20, the District Court converted an OS into a writ in the context
of s 121 of the Land Titles (Strata) Act (Cap 158, 1999 Rev Ed) which was
identical in wording to s 124(1) of the BMSMA. In _Hillwood Development Pte
Ltd v Mariam Binte Amir & Anor_ [1999] SGHC 106 , the High Court converted an
OS into a writ, notwithstanding s74(2) of the Conveyancing and Law of Property
Act (Cap 61, 1994 Rev Ed), which was also similar in wording to s 124(1) of
the BMSMA. However, we would hasten to add that these cases did not go into a
detailed examination of the jurisdiction issue. Quite clearly, the courts
there must have taken a _prima facie_ view that nothing in those provisions
(which were similar to s 124(1) of BMSMA) precluded the court from exercising
its discretion under O 28 r 8(1). The courts there must have been of the view
that Parliament did not intend by those similar provisions to interfere with
the courts’ inherent jurisdiction to administer judicial proceedings in a
manner which would best enable the courts to dispense justice.

24 The foregoing should suffice to dispose of the jurisdiction issue. However,
we must at this juncture refer to s 41A(1) and (2) of the Interpretation Act,
which provisions were not alluded to by any of the parties in their
submissions to us. These provisions are highly relevant to the jurisdiction
issue and they confirm the construction which this court has sought to place
on s 124(1) BMSMA and O 28 r 8. The provisions read:

Process for making applications to Court in civil proceedings

41A.—(1) Where any written law which provides for an application in any civil
proceedings to be made to a Court —

(a) does not prescribe the process by which the application is to be made; or

(b) prescribes that the application is to be made by way of a petition, a
motion, an originating motion or a summons in chambers,

that written law shall, in relation to any such application that is made
thereunder on or after 1st January 2006, be deemed to require that the
application shall be made —

(i) by way of an originating summons, if it commences the proceedings; or

(ii) by way of a summons, if it is made in proceedings that are pending.

(2) Where pursuant to subsection (1) an application is made to a Court under
any written law by way of an originating summons or a summons —

(a) the application shall be _made in accordance with the Rules of Court_ ;

(b) the Court may give to the parties to the application such directions as
the Court thinks just and expedient for the purpose of facilitating the
progress of the application as an application made by originating summons or
summons, as the case may be; and

(c) _any provision in that written law which relates to the practice and
procedure for making such an application and which is inconsistent with this
section or with the Rules of Court shall, to the extent of the inconsistency,
have no effect in relation to that application_.

[emphasis added]

25 We should explain that s 41A of the Interpretation Act was enacted (by way
of Statutes (Miscellaneous Amendments) (No 2) Act 2005) and brought into force
on 1 January 2006. On the same day as s 41A was brought into force, other
amendments to the ROC were also introduced to simplify the civil litigation
process. Thereafter there are only two processes to initiate legal
proceedings, the writ or the originating summons. Other originating processes
like petition or originating motion had been abolished. Section 41A(1) was
obviously a consequential amendment. Henceforth, the commencement of legal
proceedings under any written law can only be made by way of an originating
summons or by way of a summons where there is already a pending proceeding.
What is more significant are the provisions in s 41A(2)(b) and (c). Under s
41A(2)(b) it is expressly provided that in respect of an OS or summons so
initiated under any written law, the court is empowered to give directions to
facilitate the progress of the application. Under s 41A(2)(c), as far as
practice and procedure of court are concerned, the ROC would prevail over any
inconsistent provision in any such written law. Thus the ROC is expressly
accorded precedence over any other written law (including an existing Act) as
far as court practice and procedures are concerned. In the light of what is
provided in s 41A(2)(b) and (c), it is clear that an application made by way
of an OS under any written law can be converted into a writ action if the
court should deem it fit to do so.

26 Before we move on to consider the second issue on the exercise of
discretion, we would mention that another reason given by the Judge for
granting an order converting the OS into a writ was that, even if it were
correct to hold that s 124(1) prohibits the converting of an OS into a writ,
the provision would not apply to the present OS because the subject matter of
the application was not one made under the BMSMA. An allegation of fraud is a
common law claim and it could form the basis of an action independently of
BMSMA. On the other hand, fraud could also be a ground to base a claim under
BMSMA.As we have already held above that the court had the jurisdiction to
convert the OS into a writ, we do not think it necessary for us to examine
further whether the present application by the Appellant, where voluminous
allegations of wrongdoings have been made by the Appellant against the
Respondents, was one made under the BMSMA or otherwise. What we wish to
clarify at this juncture is only this. At [23] of the Judge’s Grounds of
Decision, she seemed to suggest, upon citing the respondents’ submissions,
that only applications made to court under ss 32(1), 36 and 76 to 83 of the
BMSMA would fall within s 124(1). It would be clear, on a plain reading of s
88, that an application made pursuant to that section would also fall within s
124(1).

The discretion issue

27 We now turn to the second issue as to whether the Judge had properly
exercised her discretion in converting the OS into a writ. In order for the
court to exercise the discretionary power to convert an OS into a writ under O
28 r 8(1) of the ROC, the threshold requirement prescribed in O 5 r 2 must be
met, namely, that “a substantial dispute of fact is likely to arise”. We note
the words “likely to arise”; words which are simple and clear in themselves.
No further paraphrasing or elucidation is required. This expression may be
contrasted with “will arise” or “have arisen”. The applicant for conversion
need not show that there will be or there already existed a substantial
dispute of fact, so long as such a dispute is likely to arise.

28 Contrary to the Appellant’s submission, it was abundantly clear to us that
the allegations it had made against the Respondents were strenuously disputed.
There was not a doubt in our mind that the requirement for conversion had been
amply satisfied.

29 However, the Appellant urged this court not to convert the OS into a writ,
arguing that the case could proceed just as fairly and expeditiously by the
court, pursuant to O 28 r 4(4), giving directions for the filing of evidence
and attendance of deponents for cross-examination on specific areas. For
several reasons, we declined the Appellant’s request. First, O 28 r 4(4) is
only meant to be adopted in cases where there are few disputes of fact. This
was iterated in _Tan Sock Hian v Eng Liat Kiang_ [1995] 1 SLR(R) 730. In the
present case numerous allegations of varying natures, including fraud, were
levelled against multiple parties. Given the range of factual issues that were
in dispute and the number of parties who would be responding to the
allegations made against them, the amount of cross-examination which the Court
would have to permit in order to be fair to all parties would effectively
render the OS a writ in all but name.

30 Second, the writ is usually more appropriate when allegations of fraud are
made, as is the case here. In _Malaysian International Merchant Bankers Bhd v
Highland Chocolate & Confectionary Sdn Bhd & Anor_ [1997] 1 MLJ 102 (“
_Highland Chocolate”_), Abdul Malek J cited Ungoed-Thomas J’s dicta in _Re 462
Green Lane, Ilford Gooding v Borland_ [1971] 1 All ER 315 at 317:

In those circumstances, therefore, in this case there must be pleadings; there
must be discovery; the action must be at least continued as though it had
begun by writ. _This is not a technicality; it is a most important matter of
substance because it is only by this means that the parties can see perfectly
clearly what are the serious issues involved and be sure of having made
available to them by discovery all the relevant documentary evidence which
generally plays such an important part in these cases_. Commencing the
proceedings by writ would in the circumstances of this case involve only the
very small additional expenditure of issuing the writ, and on the rules as
they stand it seems to me that the requirement does exist that, whereas here
there is an allegation of fraud, the proceedings must be so started and cannot
be continued as though commenced by writ when in fact commenced by originating
summons.

[emphasis added]

When fraud is alleged, more cogent evidence would be required to establish the
claim, and therefore, it would usually be more appropriate to proceed by writ
in such cases, where the serious factual issues in dispute can be clearly
distilled from the pleadings, and as highlighted in _Highland Chocolate_
above, the requisite evidence can be adequately garnered from the discovery
regime attendant with the writ process.

31 Third, the Appellant relied heavily on hearsay evidence. There were even
instances of double hearsay. By way of illustration, the Appellant’s
allegations were based on what its manager heard from another subsidiary
proprietor, who had in turn said that he heard it from an anonymous Council
member. This is contrary to O 41 r 5 which provides that “an affidavit may
contain only such facts as the deponent is able of his own knowledge to
prove”.

32 In the final result, we did not think that the Judge had erred in
exercising her discretion to convert the OS into a writ. All considered, the
writ was clearly the more suitable process for the present case to continue,
having regard to the substantial factual disputes which already presented
themselves on the basis of the affidavits filed. The various interlocutory
steps which would automatically follow from the filing of a writ would ensure
that the Appellant clearly formulates its claim(s), the Respondents know the
precise matters which they have to meet, and through the processes of
discovery and interrogations, issues could be narrowed down and the trial
would then focus on the essentials.

Conclusion

33 In the premises, we saw no merit at all in the Appellant’s stance in
resisting the application of the Second to Fifth Respondents to convert the OS
into a writ. We would reiterate that there were many serious factual issues to
be gone into. A trial with witnesses to be called and cross-examined would be
necessary. Accordingly, we dismissed the appeal. We awarded the First
Respondent costs of $7,500 and the Second to Fifth Respondents costs of
$10,000, both inclusive of disbursements. We also ordered the Appellant to
file its statement of claim within 6 weeks from the date on which we dismissed
this appeal.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 25 Aug 2011 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

