Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Tjong Very Sumito and others _v_ Chan Sing En and others  
[2011] SGCA 40

Case Number| :| Civil Appeal No 234 of 2010  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 15 August 2011  
Tribunal/Court| :| Court of Appeal  
Coram| :|  Chao Hick Tin JA; Andrew Phang Boon Leong JA  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Peter Gabriel and Shannon Ong (Gabriel Law Corporation)
for the appellants; Nicholas Narayanan (Nicholas & Tan Partnership LLP) for
the first respondent; Edwin Tong, Aaron Lee and Margaret Ling (Allen &
Gledhill LLP) for the second and third respondents.  
Parties| :|  Tjong Very Sumito and others — Chan Sing En and others  
  
[LawNet Editorial Note: The decision from which this appeal arose is reported
at [2011] 2 SLR 360.]

15 August 2011| Judgment reserved.  
---|---  
  
Chao Hick Tin JA (delivering the judgment of the court):

Introduction

1 This is an appeal against the decision of the High Court judge (“the Judge”)
made in _Tjong Very Sumito and others v Chan Sing En and others_ [2011] 2 SLR
360 (“the Judgment”), where the Judge ordered that the appellants (the
plaintiffs in Suit No 89 of 2010 (“the main action”)) be required to furnish
security for costs in the sum of $35,000 in favour of the first respondent
(the first defendant in the main action) and $40,000 in favour of the second
and third respondents (the fifth and sixth defendants in the main action
respectively).

Procedural background

2 The appellants, who are citizens of Indonesia, commenced the main action
against a total of 11 defendants. The first respondent applied by way of
Summons No 1720 of 2010 under O 23 r 1 of the Rules of Court (Cap 322, R 5,
2006 Rev Ed) (“the ROC”) for an order for security for costs against the
appellants. This application was dismissed by an Assistant Registrar (“the
AR”) on the ground that the first appellant (“Sumito”) was ordinarily resident
in Singapore. The AR also refused to order security for costs against the
second and third appellants (who are nominal plaintiffs, being nominee parties
of Sumito). This part of his decision was based on the principle set out in
_Singapore Civil Procedure 2007_ (G P Selvam gen ed) (Sweet & Maxwell, 2007)
(“ _Singapore Civil Procedure_ ”) at para 23/3/10 and the cases cited therein
to the effect that security for costs will not normally be made against
plaintiffs who have a co-plaintiff resident within the jurisdiction.[note: 1]

3 The first respondent filed an appeal, Registrar’s Appeal No 234 of 2010 (“RA
234/2010”), against the AR’s refusal to order security for costs. The second
and third respondents also applied for security for costs against the
appellants by way of Summons No 2961 of 2010. The Judge heard this application
together with RA 234/2010. At the end of the hearings, the Judge reversed the
AR’s decision and made the orders mentioned above at [1].

Arguments below

Respondents’ arguments below

4 In their submissions below the respondents did not strictly distinguish
between arguments relevant to jurisdiction and those relevant to the exercise
of the Judge’s discretion under O 23 r 1(1) of the ROC (see [20] below).
However, for clarity we have attempted to arrange their arguments according to
such a distinction. The respondents’ arguments before the Judge that were
relevant to the court’s jurisdiction to order security for costs were as
follows. Firstly, the appellants were all ordinarily resident out of Singapore
(under O 23 r 1(1)(_a_) of the ROC).[note: 2] In addition, the second and
third appellants were nominal plaintiffs of Sumito (under O 23 r 1(1)(_b_) of
the ROC).[note: 3] Finally, the respondents pointed out that the appellants
were trying to evade the consequences of litigation by using multiple
identities and multiple addresses (under O 23 r 1(1)(_d_) of the ROC).[note:
4] The applicable rules are set out at [20] below.

5 The respondents argued that the court should exercise its discretion to
grant security for costs for the reasons mentioned above in support of a
finding of jurisdiction as well as the fact that the appellants (a) had
obtained a Mareva injunction against the first respondent without good
grounds,[note: 5] (b) had done so on the basis of fabricated documents and
without full and frank disclosure,[note: 6] (c) had initiated the main action
against the respondents vexatiously,[note: 7] and (d) had no ready assets in
Singapore against which the respondents could enforce any judgment obtained in
their favour.[note: 8] In addition, the second and third respondents stated
that Sumito was using false identity documents and that his probity could not
be relied upon.[note: 9] The second and third respondents further highlighted
the fact that their defence in the main action was likely to succeed.[note:
10]

Appellants’ arguments below

6 As against the respondents’ submissions on the court’s jurisdiction to order
security for costs, the appellants argued below that they were _not_
ordinarily resident _outside_ of Singapore for the purposes of O 23 r
1(1)(_a_).[note: 11] In addition, the second and third appellants were not
nominal plaintiffs, nor were they proven unable to pay costs for the purposes
of O 23 r 1(1)(_b_).[note: 12] As for his alleged changes in address (relevant
under of O 23 r 1(1)(_c_)), Sumito argued that the last time that he had been
proven to have changed his address was before the commencement of the main
action.[note: 13]

7 As concerning the exercise of the court’s discretion, the appellants argued
that (a) as Sumito _was_ ordinarily resident _in_ Singapore, in any event the
court should not order security for costs against him even if it found it had
the jurisdiction to do so,[note: 14] (b) no security should be ordered against
the second and third appellants as they are co-plaintiffs of Sumito, who was
ordinarily resident in Singapore[note: 15] (the same ground relied upon by the
AR), (c) they had a good arguable case in the main action,[note: 16] and (d)
the respondents’ applications were intended to stifle their claim in the main
action.[note: 17] The appellants also denied the allegations regarding
Sumito’s supposedly questionable probity.[note: 18]

Decision below

8 The Judge below first restated the law that the words “ordinarily resident”
in O 23 r 1(1)(_a_) were to be given their natural meaning, and that cases
outside the security for costs context could be relevant on this issue (see
[11]–[12] of the Judgment). The Judge then addressed the question of whether a
person could be found to be ordinarily resident in more than one place at a
specific point in time. After reviewing Singapore and Commonwealth case law,
he concluded that he was not precluded from making such a finding (see [19] of
the Judgment).[note: 19]

9 The Judge then addressed the evidence concerning Sumito’s ordinary
residence, finding that Sumito was ordinarily resident in Indonesia. He found
that this sufficed to trigger his jurisdiction to order security for costs
under O 23 r 1(1)(_a_) of the ROC (see [21] and [24] of the Judgment).

10 The Judge also concluded that in addition to being ordinarily resident in
Indonesia, Sumito was simultaneously also ordinarily resident in Singapore,
although he added a qualification that this was not a necessary finding for
his purposes (see [25] of the Judgment). He then held that a plaintiff found
to be ordinarily resident both in Singapore as well as another jurisdiction
could still have security for costs ordered against him (see [34] of the
Judgment).

11 Having found that he had jurisdiction to order security for costs, the
Judge took note of the fact that the appellants lacked assets in Singapore,
the fact that neither parties’ case in the main action was obviously stronger,
and the fact that no evidence was produced to prove the application for
security was oppressive (see [38], [39], [45] and [46] of the Judgment). He
therefore allowed the application of the second and third respondent and
allowed the appeal of the first respondent, ordering the appellants to provide
$40,000 as security for the costs of the second and third respondents and
$35,000 as security for the costs of the first respondent, in all cases up to
and including the date for filing the List of Documents in the main action
(see [48] of the Judgment).

12 Although the Judge noted the AR’s findings that the second and third
appellants were nominal plaintiffs (see [9] of the Judgment), he eventually
stated that it was unnecessary to make any findings in relation to this issue
under O 23 r 1(1)(_b_) as his jurisdiction had already been triggered under O
23 r 1(1)(_a_) (see [35] of the Judgment). We note that he also did not go on
to address the argument that costs are not normally ordered against foreign
parties with co-plaintiffs ordinarily resident in Singapore (see [7] above).

Appellants’ and respondents’ cases

13 The Appellants’ arguments essentially focused on the fact that Sumito is
ordinarily resident in Singapore. They contended that any individual who is
ordinarily resident in Singapore _cannot_ fall within the scope of O 23 r
1(1)(_a_) of the ROC, even if he is also ordinarily resident outside of
Singapore. This was based on the premise that the rule only targets plaintiffs
who are not amenable to the process of the court.[note: 20] In this connection
they argued that the Judge had erred in not considering an Australian case,
_ie_ , _Rivera v Australian Broadcasting Corporation_ [2005] FCA 661, (“
_Rivera_ ”), which they asserted was an authority in their favour that was
brought to the court’s attention below.[note: 21]

14 The appellants also argued in the alternative that, in any event, a person
cannot be ordinarily resident in more than one place at any one moment for the
purposes of O 23 r 1 of the ROC except in exceptional circumstances.[note: 22]
They sought to distinguish certain English cases that stated otherwise on the
ground that those cases did not concern the question of security for costs
under any equivalent of O 23 r 1(1)(_a_) and/or did not actually result in a
finding that a propositus was ordinarily resident in more than one
place.[note: 23] On this premise, they sought to argue that Sumito must be
found to be ordinarily resident in Singapore only.[note: 24] In any event, the
appellants also argued that based on the objective facts Sumito is not
ordinarily resident in Indonesia.[note: 25]

15 The appellants finally argued that even if jurisdiction to order security
for costs was found, the discretion to do so ought not to have been exercised.
This was because the appellants were ordinarily resident within Singapore and
had a good arguable case in the main action.[note: 26] We note that the
appellants did not seek to revisit the argument made below that no security
should be ordered against the second and third appellants as a co-plaintiff of
theirs (_ie_ , Sumito) was ordinarily resident in Singapore (see [7] above).

16 In addition to the arguments mentioned, which were already raised at the
hearing below, the appellants also wished to raise a new point at this appeal,
namely that the second and third respondents had unduly delayed applying for
security for costs and that this justified the dismissal of their
application.[note: 27]

17 The respondents supported the view, contrary to that of the appellants (see
[13] above), that the rationale for ordering security for costs against a
plaintiff ordinarily resident out of Singapore was in fact to ensure the
availability of a fund within jurisdiction to meet any costs order obtained in
favour of the defendant(s). This rationale also applied to plaintiffs
concurrently ordinarily resident both inside and outside of Singapore, meaning
that the court should be able to order security for costs against such
plaintiffs.[note: 28] Beyond that the respondents’ arguments generally
supported the position taken by the Judge.

Issues before this court

18 The issues that are raised in this appeal can be broadly categorised under
the following heads:

(a) Whether it is possible for a court to find that a plaintiff is
concurrently ordinarily resident in more than one place for the purposes of O
23 r 1(1)(_a_) of the ROC.

(b) What the underlying rationale is for jurisdiction under O 23 r 1(1)(_a_)
of the ROC – whether it is to ensure the plaintiff’s amenability to the
process of the court or to ensure the availability of a fund to facilitate the
payment of costs to the defendant(s) if so ordered.

(c) Assuming a plaintiff is found to be ordinarily resident in Singapore _as
well as_ outside it, whether jurisdiction is triggered under O 23 r 1(1)(_a_)
of the ROC.

(d) If jurisdiction is triggered under O 23 r 1(1) of the ROC, whether and to
what extent the fact of ordinary residence in Singapore is relevant to the
exercise of the court’s discretion to order security for costs.

(e) On the facts, whether the appellants are ordinarily resident in Indonesia,
Singapore, or both, and therefore whether jurisdiction is triggered under O 23
r 1(1)(_a_) of the ROC.

(f) Whether, in the circumstances of the case, the Judge had erred in
exercising his discretion under O 23 r 1(1) of the ROC to order security for
costs against the appellants.

We will also be considering the new argument of undue delay raised by the
appellants at this appeal in relation to the application of the second and
third respondents for security for costs.

19 We should mention that although at the hearing below questions relating to
the scope of O 23 r 1(1)(_b_) of the ROC and the status of the second and
third appellants as nominal plaintiffs were raised, they are no longer live
issues in this appeal (see [15] above). We will, therefore, not be addressing
them in this judgment.

Our decision

The applicable rules of court

20 We will begin our consideration by looking at the applicable rules of
court. Order 23 r 1(1) of the ROC provides:

**Security for costs of action, etc. (O. 23, r. 1)**

**1**. —(1) Where, on the application of a defendant to an action or other
proceeding in the Court, it appears to the Court —

(_a_) that the plaintiff is ordinarily resident out of the jurisdiction;

(_b_) that the plaintiff (not being a plaintiff who is suing in a
representative capacity) is a nominal plaintiff who is suing for the benefit
of some other person and that there is reason to believe that he will be
unable to pay the costs of the defendant if ordered to do so;

(_c_) subject to paragraph (2), that the plaintiff’s address is not stated in
the writ or other originating process or is incorrectly stated therein; or

(_d_) that the plaintiff has changed his address during the course of the
proceedings with a view to evading the consequences of the litigation,

then, if, having regard to all the circumstances of the case, the Court thinks
it just to do so, it may order the plaintiff to give such security for the
defendant’s costs of the action or other proceeding as it thinks just.

It would be seen that this rule creates a two-stage test, consisting of the
“jurisdiction” stage and the “discretion” stage. It is only if the applicant-
defendant can show that the court has jurisdiction to order security against
the plaintiff under one of the four grounds set out in O 23 rr 1(1)(_a_)–(_d_)
that the court would then proceed to consider whether it would, in the
circumstances, exercise its discretion to order security in favour of the
defendant. For the purposes of this appeal, O 23 r 1(1)(_a_) contains the most
relevant ground of jurisdiction.

The standard of review

21 On an appeal to the Court of Appeal, if it is shown that the court below
had correctly decided the question of whether it had jurisdiction to order
security for costs, the only remaining question would then relate to the
exercise of the court’s discretion in making the order. In such a situation
the appellate court’s review function is limited. This was enunciated by this
court in _Lian Soon Construction Pte Ltd v Guan Qian Realty Pte Ltd_ [1999] 1
SLR(R) 1053 at [34] in these terms:

It is trite law that an appeal against the exercise of a judge’s discretion
will not be entertained unless it be shown that he exercised his discretion
under a mistake of law, in disregard of principle, under a misapprehension as
to the facts, or that he took account of irrelevant matters, or the decision
reached was “outside the generous ambit within which a reasonable disagreement
is possible”. …

This passage was quoted in _Westacre Investments Inc v The State-Owned Company
Yugoimport SDPR (also known as Jugoimport-SDPR)_ [2009] 2 SLR(R) 166 at [17],
where this court also stated (at [18]) that “the starting presumption would be
that the Judge had rightly exercised his discretion.”

Multiple ordinary residences

22 At [11] of the Judgment, the Judge explained the meaning of the term
“ordinarily resident” as follows:

The words “ordinarily resident” should be given their natural and ordinary
meaning; the expression is not a term of art with any technical or special
meaning. Thus, in [_Akbarali v Brent London Borough Council_] [1983] 2 AC 309
(“[_Akbarali_]”), the House of Lords held that (at 343):

... ‘ordinarily resident’ refers to a man’s abode in a particular place or
country which he has adopted voluntarily and for settled purposes as part of
the regular order of his life for the time being, whether of short or of long
duration.

It is the state of mind of the “propositus” that is paramount in determining
ordinary residence. Not only should the place of residence be adopted
voluntarily (as opposed to enforced presence in a particular jurisdiction by
reason of kidnapping or imprisonment _etc_), there should also be a degree of
settled purpose. In this regard, in his Lordship’s judgment in [_Akbarali_],
Lord Scarman observed that (at 344):

... The purpose may be one; or there may be several. It may be specific or
general. All that the law requires is that there is a settled purpose. This is
not to say that the ‘propositus’ intends to stay where he is indefinitely;
indeed his purpose, while settled, may be for a limited period. Education,
business or profession, employment, health, family, or merely love of the
place spring to mind as common reasons for a choice of regular abode. And
there may well be many others. All that is necessary is that the purpose of
living where one does has a sufficient degree of continuity to be properly
described as settled.

All parties do not dispute the correctness of this basic definition of the
term “ordinary residence”; nor do we disagree with it. It will be seen from
this passage that a person’s ordinary residence is to be determined not only
by his or her physical presence in a place, but also his mental attitude and
purpose in relation to that place. In other words, the test for “ordinary
residence” depends to a significant degree upon the state of mind of the
person. It also connotes residence in a place with some degree of continuity
apart from accidental or temporary absences: see _Levene v Commissioners of
Inland Revenue_ [1928] AC 217 at 225.

23 The position taken by the appellants at this appeal is that a person can
only be ordinarily resident in one place at any one time, although he can
change his ordinary residence from time to time. We observe that this sits
rather curiously with an affidavit deposed by Sumito on 18 August 2010 for the
hearing below in which he states, “… I am advised and verily believe that a
person can be ordinarily resident in more than one country.”[note: 29] With
regard to their present position, the appellants relied very much on the case
of _Wishing Star Ltd v Jurong Town Corp_ [2004] 1 SLR(R) 1 (“ _Wishing Star_
”), which also concerned security for costs. There the High Court stated the
following (at [3]–[4]):

3 A branch is but a part of the company. When reference is made to the term
“ordinarily resident”, it applies to the company and not to its branches. The
question arises as to whether a company can be ordinarily resident in a
jurisdiction where its branches are located. Generally speaking, it would do
violence to the language to hold that anyone, whether a corporate body or an
individual person, may be said to be ordinarily resident in more than one
place at a time. A person or a company may always set up more than one
residence in as many jurisdictions as they can afford – but a house is not a
home. Support for this view can be gleaned from the judgment of the court in
_Jones v Scottish Accident Co_ (1886) 17 QBD 421 at 423:

An individual carrying on business in Scotland with branches in England is
resident at the place where he carries on his business; why should we adopt a
different rule for a company?

Security for costs may be sought against a corporation under the Companies Act
only if that corporation is not “ordinarily resident” in Singapore. Having a
registered branch does not necessarily satisfy that criteria. It is no more
than having another address, another house. We want to be satisfied that the
corporation has deeper roots than that so that it may be excused from
providing security for costs in the event that it fails in the action. Hence,
having registered an office or even carrying on some of its business through
that address may not be sufficient in this regard. …

4 Therefore, in itself, the mere fact that a company has a branch within the
jurisdiction does not confer any special reason to deny a defendant from
getting security for costs. It is possible that a company who has a registered
office elsewhere prefers to operate principally from its branch. In such a
case, it is possible that the company may be said to be ordinarily resident in
the jurisdiction where that branch is located. Thus, courts have preferred to
apply “the central management and command of the company” test. … [S]ome
exceptions must be recognised. An example would be those cases in which the
management and control is divided. It is, of course, possible that a company
comprising of, say three main shareholders and directors, may have three
equally dominant centres of management if each of the three operate in like-
manner and extent in different jurisdictions. In such cases, the company may
be said to be ordinarily resident in each of the three jurisdictions for the
purposes of an application for security for costs. On the affidavit evidence,
it does not appear that Wishing Star Ltd falls into this category. It has a
branch, and a reasonably active one involved in a major construction project
here. But the seat of management of the company is still in Hong Kong.

24 The High Court in _Wishing Star_ relied on the analogy between individual
and corporate parties made in _Jones v The Scottish Accident Insurance
Company, Limited_ (1886) 17 QBD 421 (“ _Jones_ ”), where Cave J stated (at
423):

... The language of Order XI. [regarding service of a writ out of
jurisdiction] does not expressly apply to companies, but the analogy of the
practice with regard to individuals is against the present application. In the
case of a man residing and carrying on business in Scotland, but having branch
establishments in England, it is clear that leave would not be given to issue
a writ for service out of the jurisdiction; it would be absurd to say that he
was ordinarily resident in England _because he had a branch establishment
there_ ; and a plaintiff in such a case would be unable to bring himself
within sub-s. (_c_) of Order XI., r. 1. If that is the way in which the Courts
have dealt with the case of an individual, why should they not deal in the
same way with that of a company? An individual carrying on business in
Scotland with branches in England is resident at the place where he carries on
his business; why should we adopt a different rule for a company? …

[emphasis added]

25 Cave J’s point was that an individual did not become ordinarily resident in
a place _just because_ he had a branch of his business there, when it was
clear that his main residence and business was elsewhere. One should be
careful not to extend the scope of what a judge says to situations which were
not within his contemplation. For the sake of argument, even if we further
extended the example given by Cave J to a person having branches of his
business in several (not just one) foreign countries, we would agree with him
that this fact, without more, would not mean that that person was concurrently
ordinarily resident in those several countries if it was clear that his main
residence and business was in one specific place. The logic of Cave J’s
conclusion, in the _specific context_ of his example, cannot be faulted. But
this is not to say that a person cannot be ordinarily resident in more than
one jurisdiction in other appropriate circumstances. Cave J did not, on the
facts of the case before him, expressly address that possibility. Similarly,
the High Court in _Wishing Star_ was making the same point that having a
registered branch or a house in a jurisdiction did not, without more, mean
that a company or person was ordinarily resident in that jurisdiction. Indeed,
the court in _Wishing Star_ explicitly recognised (at [4]) a scenario where
having a branch in a foreign jurisdiction could lead to acquiring ordinary
residence in that jurisdiction, namely, where the branch was a place of
principal operation. It even went further to say that where several branches
were equally dominant centres of management, the company could be said to be
ordinarily resident in the various jurisdictions of those branches at the same
time.

26 Admittedly, if one were to compare [3] with [4] of _Wishing Star_ , there
appears, at first blush, to be a slight inconsistency between them. This is
because at [3] the court stated that “[g]enerally speaking, it would do
violence to the language to hold that anyone, whether a corporate body or an
individual person, may be said to be ordinarily resident in more than one
place at a time”. But it should be noted that this sentence begins with the
words “[_g_]_enerally_ speaking” [emphasis added]. Clearly the court was
conscious that in certain _particular_ circumstances a company or a person
could be ordinarily resident in more than one jurisdiction. At [4] of _Wishing
Star_ , the court there indeed elaborated on one such set of circumstances. As
such, we cannot see how the appellants could rely upon _Wishing Star_ to
contend that in law, a company or an individual can only be ordinarily
resident in one jurisdiction at any one time. It seems to us that this
assertion is based on an erroneous appreciation of the opinion of the court in
_Wishing Star_.

27 We would reiterate that what _Wishing Star_ and _Jones_ established is that
the place of ordinary residence of a company is the place of its central
management. The rationale for this is that establishing a place as a place of
central management would indicate the settled purpose of the company to do
business from there (see _Akbarali v Brent London Borough Council_ [1983] 2 AC
309 at 344 as quoted in the Judgment at [11], reproduced above at [22]). If,
for instance, all the directors and managers of the company were away from
that location for a corporate retreat, the ordinary residence of the company
would remain there; it would not be shifted to the place of the retreat. This
is because the place of ordinary residence is based on a settled purpose, not
on the temporary physical presence of the company’s directors or managers. If
the settled purpose of the management is that its principal operations be
divided among several places, as described in _Wishing Star_ at [4], the
ordinary residence of the company could very well be in those several places
simultaneously. The same would follow in the case of an individual. It is a
question of fact and evidence as to whether it has been shown that the person
has indeed adopted and established two (or more) places of ordinary residence.
The fact that he cannot physically be in more than one place at the same time
is immaterial. It is the settled purpose that would be determinative. Once
this purpose is established, temporary absence from a place does not _per se_
alter the fact that a company or an individual is still ordinarily resident
there.

28 At this juncture, we should refer to the case of _In re Little Olympian
Each Ways Ltd_ [1995] 1 WLR 560 (“ _Little Olympian_ ”), which was cited by
the appellants. In _Little Olympian_ at 568, Lindsay J held that to determine
where a corporation ordinarily resides, the court must ascertain where its
central management and control actually resides. This holding, as mentioned
above, is uncontroversial. Lindsay J also stated, in _obiter_ (at 565–566):

… [T]he context of Ord. 23, r. 1(1)(a) [of the English Rules of the Supreme
Court 1965, _in pari materia_ with O 23 r 1(1)(_a_) of the ROC] is, at lowest,
consistent with the propositus having only one ordinary residence. If that is
not so one gets to the position, surely uncontemplated, that whereas a man
ordinarily resident here could not have an order made against him by reason of
his impecuniosity, if he also were to be ordinarily resident out of the
jurisdiction then there would be jurisdiction to make an order against him.
Both the word “ordinarily” and the framework of Order 23 should incline me to
a meaning for "ordinarily resident" in this case such that, other than in
exceptional circumstances, I should be able to envisage only one such
residence.

While this is a strong statement, it is still a qualified one. It envisages
that it is still possible for a person to be ordinarily resident in more than
one jurisdiction “in exceptional circumstances”. At the end of the day, as
stated above at [27], the question of multiple places of ordinary residence is
a matter of evidence.

29 Moreover, there are other recent cases which have taken a less conservative
approach (and, one could say, perhaps a more appropriate approach in this
modern age of globalisation) than _Little Olympian_ in addressing this
question of ordinary residence. We note that it is now becoming more common
for individuals to have multiple homes and places of business across the
globe, more than one of which they might possibly have adopted as their
ordinary residence. One English case adopting the more progressive approach is
_Leyvand v Barasch and others_ (2000) The Times 23 March 2000 (“ _Leyvand_ ”),
decided by Lightman J. Although on the facts of _Leyvand_ Lightman J did not
consider it necessary to make a finding that the plaintiff was ordinarily
resident in more than one place simultaneously, he did make the following
remark in _obiter_ (at [5]):

The fact that the Claimant is ordinarily resident out of the jurisdiction
confers on the Court jurisdiction to order him to provide security. _It is
well established that a claimant may have two ordinary residences, one within
the jurisdiction and one outside. The fact that a claimant who is ordinarily
resident outside the jurisdiction is also ordinarily resident within the
jurisdiction does not preclude the Court [from] ordering security_. For Order
23 [of the English Rules of the Supreme Court 1965] confers jurisdiction to
order security in the case of a claimant “ordinarily resident out of the
jurisdiction” and not in the case of a claimant “not ordinarily resident
within the jurisdiction”. ... [emphasis added]

We would further note that Lightman J added (at [8]) that if it were necessary
for him to do so he would have held that the claimant was ordinarily resident
in England as well as in Israel.

30 The Judge had quoted and relied on this passage of Lightman J in coming to
his decision (see [16] of the Judgment). What is significant is that _Leyvand_
was endorsed, albeit in _obiter_ , by the Federal Court of Australia in _Logue
v Hansen Technologies Ltd_ [2003] FCA 81 (“ _Logue_ ”) at [24]. Both _Leyvand_
and _Logue_ were in turn applied by the New South Wales Supreme Court in
_Corbett v Nguyen & Ors_ [2008] NSWSC 1265 (“ _Corbett_ ”), where there was an
actual finding (at [21] and [24]) that the plaintiff was ordinarily resident
both in Vietnam and in New South Wales, Australia, simultaneously.

31 In so far as the Australian courts are concerned, as early as 1992 the
Federal Court of Australia, in the case of _Re Kenneth Dudley Taylor; Ex parte
Natwest Australia Bank Ltd_ (1992) 37 FCR 194, had clearly accepted that a
person could be ordinarily resident in more than one country. Quoting Lockhart
J at [18] – [19]:

… At first blush it may seem strange to say that a person can be ordinarily
resident in more than one country at the same time; but on closer analysis it
is not. Plainly you cannot be physically present in more than one place at the
same time. But the lifestyles of people vary greatly. Some people in the
ordinary pursuit of their lives regularly or customarily live in more than one
place, each of which has an element of permanence about it and is not merely a
place of casual or intermittent resort.

Most people, if asked where they were ordinarily resident at a particular
time, would name but one place: their home, because that would be the only
place in which they normally or customarily live, although they may travel to
other places on holidays or business intermittently. Other people may have two
or more houses or flats and stay for various purposes and varying lengths of
time in each. It may, depending on the circumstances, be permissible to say
that at a particular time they are ordinarily resident in each of the places,
though they may be at that time physically present somewhere else. …

32 The appellants did not address these cases directly, saying only that in
“the English authorities” the _ratio_ did not include a finding that the
_propositus_ was ordinarily resident in more than one place.[note: 30] While
this was true in _Leyvand_ and the Australian case of _Logue_ , such a finding
was actually made in _Corbett_.

33 It seems to us that as a matter of principle, we cannot see any reason why
a person cannot be ordinarily resident in more than one jurisdiction. This is
a question of fact. We note that some countries, like England and Australia,
do permit their citizens to have dual nationality – it would not be unlikely
for such persons to have more than one ordinary residence. In any event, there
is nothing to stop a person (even if his country of citizenship, like
Singapore for example, does not permit dual nationality) from establishing a
second home in another country and thus, in turn, have two (or even more than
two) ordinary residences. This leads us to the next question: Does a factual
finding that a party is ordinarily resident in Singapore _as well as_ in
another country, preclude the court from exercising jurisdiction under O 23 r
1(1)(_a_) of the ROC? To answer this question, we will first consider the
rationale underlying jurisdiction under O 23 r 1(1)(_a_).

Rationale underlying jurisdiction under O 23 r 1(1)(a) of the ROC

The appellants’ argument: ensuring amenability to jurisdiction

34 The parties have urged this court to recognise different underlying
rationales as the basis for jurisdiction under O 23 r 1(1)(_a_) of the ROC.
The appellants argued that this jurisdiction is fundamentally based on
ensuring that a plaintiff is amenable to the court’s enforcement jurisdiction;
where the plaintiffs are already amenable in this way, the courts should not
invoke this jurisdiction to order security for costs. The corollary of this is
that where a plaintiff is ordinarily resident in Singapore, the court should
have no jurisdiction to order costs against him, _notwithstanding that he may
also be ordinarily resident out of Singapore_ (in spite of the words of O 23 r
1(1)(_a_)).[note: 31] The appellants justify their position by raising the
example of a person with no ordinary residence. The appellants submitted that
since the rationale of O 23 r 1(1)(_a_) is to ensure the plaintiff’s
amenability to jurisdiction, it must be interpreted to give jurisdiction to
order security against a person ordinarily resident in no jurisdiction (again,
in spite of the words of the rule). The appellants asserted that to interpret
the rule otherwise would give the “absurd” result that the court could not
have jurisdiction to order security for costs against such a person.[note: 32]

35 We accept that it is theoretically possible, though rather unlikely, for a
person to have no ordinary residence, since they may not have voluntarily
adopted any place with the settled purpose of residing there. This was indeed
the finding of the Federal Court of Australia in relation to the plaintiff in
_Rivera_ at [50] (reproduced at [44] below). However, we fail to see how this
example supports the appellants’ position. The rule’s positive formulation
strongly suggests that where a person has no ordinary residence in any
jurisdiction, jurisdiction to order security for costs is not triggered under
O 23 r 1(1)(_a_). That seems to be the clear intention of the framers of the
rule, whom we can assume were mindful to strike a specific balance between the
rights of plaintiffs and defendants. In this light, the appellants did not
explain precisely what was so “absurd” about the stated outcome. On the
contrary, we find the appellants’ proposed approach unintuitive because it
renders completely meaningless the clear express words of O 23 r 1(1)(_a_),
which gives the court jurisdiction where “the plaintiff _is_ ordinarily
resident  _out of_ [Singapore’s] jurisdiction” [emphasis added].

36 Far from being persuaded that the appellants’ proposed rationale justifies
departure from the express words of O 23 r 1(1)(_a_), on the contrary it seems
to us that their contention concerning the rationale of that rule is
effectively rebutted by the express words of the rule. Only by rejecting their
proposed rationale can we avoid the truly absurd prospect of interpreting the
rule to mean the exact opposite of what it says. To illustrate the
difficulties with the appellants’ suggested rationale we offer the example of
a person who is invariably physically present in Singapore but not
_ordinarily_ resident there (perhaps because of a lack of settled intention to
reside there). He would be no less amenable to the process of the Singapore
courts than someone who is ordinarily resident here. The logical consequence
of the appellants’ contention, based on their proposed rationale for O 23 r
1(1)(_a_), is that jurisdiction under that ground would _not_ arise against
such a person, _even if they were ordinarily resident out of jurisdiction_.
This would again obviate the express words of the rule.

37 We note that the Judge (at [33] of the Judgment) also found that the issue
of amenability to process could not be the main rationale (the “be all and end
all”) behind the decision whether or not to order security for costs. He came
to this conclusion by distinguishing the cases relied upon by the appellants
for their proposition. As further support for his conclusion, he pointed out
that the court still retains the discretion not to make an order for security
even against foreign plaintiffs who are not amenable to process. While we
agree with the Judge’s conclusion (for the reasons stated at [36] above), we
feel the need to make an observation with regard to this last reference to the
discretion. We must caution against the conflating of, on the one hand,
factors or grounds which relate to jurisdiction and, on the other hand, those
which are relevant to the exercise of the court’s discretion as to whether
security for costs should be ordered (see [40] and [48] below). In discussing
the question of whether jurisdiction is established under the first stage of
the O 23 r 1(1) process, not all arguments relating to the later stage where
the discretion is exercised may be relevant (although some of them may be, as
at [40] below).

38 Another reason to reject the appellants’ proposed rationale was put forward
by the first respondent: in principle, a person can be amenable to Singapore’s
judicial process in any country if they use the mechanism provided in O 11 of
the ROC for service out of jurisdiction.[note: 33] We would say that this
argument is, at best, only partially valid as the O 11 procedure does not
fully remove the inconvenience and cost of foreign enforcement that underlies
the “non-amenability to process” argument relied on by the appellants.

The respondents’ argument: ensuring availability of a fund to facilitate
payment of costs

39 To turn to the respondents’ proposed rationale, they argued that the
foundation of jurisdiction under O 23 r 1(1)(_a_) of the ROC is the need to
ensure that a fund exists within the jurisdiction to facilitate payment of
costs without the risks, expenses and delay of foreign enforcement.[note: 34]
In support of this proposition they cited the decision of this court in _Ooi
Ching Ling Shirley v Just Gems Inc_ [2002] 2 SLR(R) 738 (“ _Shirley Ooi_ ”) at
[27] as follows:

… The whole point of ordering a foreign plaintiff or appellant to furnish
security is to ensure that a fund would be available within the jurisdiction
of this court against which the successful defendant or respondent could
enforce the judgment for costs: see _Porzelack KG v Porzelack (UK) Ltd_ [1987]
1 WLR 420 at 422. Without such further security there is a real risk that JGI
could be left with a costs order which would be unenforceable or only
enforceable with great difficulty and expense, plus delay.

The respondents also relied on a case following _Shirley Ooi_ , namely the
High Court decision in _Pacific Integrated Logistics Pte Ltd v Gorman Vernel
International Freight Ltd_ [2007] 1 SLR(R) 1017 (“ _Pacific Integrated
Logistics_ ”) at [7], where it was stated:

… The purpose behind O 23 r 1(1)(_a_) is not limited to protecting a defendant
in the extreme situation where an order of costs would otherwise be a “paper
judgment”. On a more nuanced level, it is also aimed at _reducing_ the time
and expense involved in enforcing such orders. As stated by our Court of
Appeal in _Ooi Ching Ling Shirley v Just Gems Inc_ [2002] 2 SLR(R) 738 at
[19], one of the rationales for granting security against a foreign plaintiff
is “ _the delay or expense_ that will arise in enforcing the costs order
abroad”. [emphasis in original]

To these quotations we would add the following statement of the Federal Court
of Australia in _Logue_ at [18]:

… [T]he purpose of ordering security for costs against an applicant
“ordinarily resident outside Australia” is to create a fund within this
country against which a successful respondent may enforce a judgment for costs
thereby enabling the avoiding of the risks, uncertainties and delays of
attempting to enforce such a judgment in the applicant’s claimed country of
residence…

40 We would again caution, as we did above (at [37]), that care should be
taken to differentiate between factors relevant to jurisdiction and those
relevant to the exercise of discretion. The passages cited from _Shirley Ooi_
(at [27]) and _Pacific Integrated Logistics_ (at [7]) were written in the
context of the exercise of the discretion against a foreign plaintiff _after_
jurisdiction had already been established. That said, in this specific
instance we find that the rationale stated in those cases is relevant in
relation to determining the basis for jurisdiction. This is further supported
by the very similar passage in _Logue_ (at [18]), which was written in the
context of determining the meaning of the phrase “ordinarily resident outside
Australia” for the purposes of finding jurisdiction to order security for
costs.

41 While we recognise that “ease of enforcement” is a rationale for the
jurisdiction under O 23 r 1(1)(_a_), we must state that it is not a
determinative factor in all questions arising under that rule. This caveat was
recognised by the Judge at [34] of the Judgment in relation to the exercise of
his discretion: we would add that it is equally applicable in relation to the
question of jurisdiction. It is established law, for example, that the
impecuniosity of a plaintiff who is a natural person cannot of itself found
jurisdiction to give security for costs (see _Ho Wing On Christopher and
others v ECRC Land Pte Ltd (in liquidation)_ [2006] 4 SLR(R) 817 (“
_Christopher Ho_ ”) at [71]). This is in spite of the fact that enforcement of
costs against such a plaintiff may be impossible, to say nothing of risky,
expensive or delayed. Therefore, while the inconvenience of enforcing costs
against a plaintiff ordinarily resident out of Singapore is one rationale for
the jurisdiction provided under O 23 r 1(1)(_a_), inconvenience of enforcement
in general is neither a necessary nor a sufficient ground of jurisdiction.
Recourse must always be had first and foremost to the wording of the four
grounds of jurisdiction under O 23 r 1(1).

42 As stated in _Christopher Ho_ at [72], under the law on security for costs,
there is a wider public policy of balancing access to the courts for certain
high-risk categories of plaintiffs against the need to ensure defendants get
their costs if they win. This balance is struck by the rule-framers based on
multiple factors. If it was the intention of the framers of the rules that
every person who is ordinarily resident in Singapore should not in any
circumstances be required to furnish security for costs, O 23 r 1(1)(_a_)
would have been worded differently, perhaps such as to trigger jurisdiction
where it appears to the court “that the plaintiff is _not_ ordinarily resident
_within_ the jurisdiction”. Instead, the rule is formulated the other way such
as to give jurisdiction where it appears to the court “that the plaintiff _is_
ordinarily resident _out of_ the jurisdiction” [emphasis added]. It seems to
us, perhaps, too simplistic to suggest that there should be only one specific
rationale for the rule. The words of O 23 r 1(1)(_a_) are clear and we do not
see the need to exhaustively explore the precise rationale for the rule in
this judgment.

Is jurisdiction triggered under O 23 r 1(1)(a) for persons ordinarily resident
in Singapore as well as in another jurisdiction?

43 In the light of the discussions in [39] to [42] above, it should be clear
that we believe a plaintiff ordinarily resident out of jurisdiction would come
within O 23 r 1(1)(_a_) even though he or she is also concurrently ordinarily
resident within jurisdiction. On their part, the appellants argued that once a
party is found to be ordinarily resident in Singapore, the jurisdiction in O
23 r 1(1)(_a_) _cannot_ apply to that party. This is based partly on the
rationale already rejected at [36] above and partly on the authority of
various cases.

44 One of the cases heavily relied upon by the appellants was _Rivera_ (cited
at [13] above). There the court stated (at [50]):

It may be accepted that Mr Rivera is not a person who is ordinarily resident
in Australia, if that is the relevant question to ask. Indeed, if his actual
residence at the moment is considered, it might be said that he is not
ordinarily resident anywhere. Although Order 28 rule 3 requires the Court to
_take into account_ the fact that an applicant is ordinarily resident outside
Australia, there is much to be said for the view that the rule really
contemplates that the Court _takes into account_ ordinary residence outside
Australia as proof that the applicant is not resident ordinarily in Australia.
The place outside Australia where the applicant ordinarily resides is, of
itself, of no relevance. What is really relevant is the absence of residence
in Australia. However, the rule is expressed in the reverse. It requires there
to be _taken into account_ the fact, if it be a fact, that the applicant is
ordinarily resident outside Australia. … [emphasis added]

The applicable procedural rule in _Rivera_ was the 23 December 2004 version of
the Federal Court Rules (SR 1979 No 140) (Cth) (“the Federal Court Rules”),
which is similar to the current version. The relevant parts of O 28 r 3 of
that version of the Federal Court Rules (which we will call “the Australian
rule”) state:

**3** **Cases for security**

(1)When considering an application by a respondent for an order for security
for costs under section 56 of the [Federal Court of Australia] Act [1976
(Cth)], the Court _may take into account_ the following matters:

(a)that an applicant is ordinarily resident outside Australia;

…

[emphasis added]

45 The appellants argued that the Judge erred in law by not referring to
_Rivera_ (see [13] above). However, as pointed out by the respondents, the
procedural rule applicable in _Rivera_ was quite different from our O 23 r
1(1)(_a_) of the ROC. The Australian rule has no jurisdictional triggers;
instead it treats the fact that the plaintiff is ordinarily resident outside
Australia as one of the factors to be “taken into account” to inform the
court’s discretion in making an order for security. The passage from _Rivera_
cited above should be read in this light. As the Australian rule merely
prescribes soft-edged discretionary factors, it is understandable that a court
could interpret the concept of “ordinary residence outside Australia” as being
similar to that of “lack of ordinary residence in Australia” for the purposes
of exercising its discretion. However, under our O 23 r 1(1)(_a_), the test of
being “ordinarily resident out of the jurisdiction” is a hard-edged and
specific requirement (what the court in _Pacific Integrated Logistics_ at [5]
aptly called a “ _threshold condition_ ” [emphasis in original]). The court
should not seek to modify it.

46 As will be discussed later (at [51] below), for the purposes of the court
exercising its discretion under O 23 r 1(1), the fact that a plaintiff
ordinarily resident out of Singapore is _also_ ordinarily resident _in_
Singapore is a factor which the court should take into account in determining
whether security for costs should in fact be ordered. That was effectively the
substance of the ruling in _Rivera_ at [50]: there it was stated that the
court should _take into account_ the fact, if established, that the plaintiff
was also resident in Australia in determining whether to order security. Given
that the Judge had taken this factor into account in the exercise of his
discretion, the fact that he had omitted to expressly refer to _Rivera_ is
quite immaterial.

47 The appellants also referred to the English cases of _Fitzgerald and Others
v Williams and Others_ [1996] QB 657 and _Berkeley Administration Inc and
Others v McClelland and Others_ [1990] 2 QB 407. However, as pointed out by
the respondents,[note: 35] both those cases did not consider the case of a
plaintiff ordinarily resident both within and out of jurisdiction. We agree
that they ought to be distinguished on that basis.

48 It seems to us that some parts of the appellants’ Case appeared to conflate
the question of jurisdiction with the exercise of the court’s discretion in
making (or maintaining) a security for costs order. In their Case, the
appellants quoted the following passage from Jeffrey Pinsler, _Singapore Court
Practice 2009_ (LexisNexis, 2009) (“ _Singapore Court Practice_ ”) at p 553:

An interesting point arises if the plaintiff, having given security on the
ground that he was out of the jurisdiction, subsequently settles permanently
in the jurisdiction. It is submitted that as it may no longer be just
(depending on the circumstances) to require the plaintiff to continue to
provide security, the court should have the discretion pursuant to O 23 or its
inherent jurisdiction to order the security to be returned to the plaintiff.
...

Having done this, they made the following contention:[note: 36]

If the learned author is correct that it may not be just for a person
initially ordinarily resident outside of jurisdiction but subsequently becomes
ordinarily resident in the jurisdiction to continue to provide security, _a
fortiori_ it would not be just to order that a person, who was and always have
[_sic_] been ordinarily resident within the jurisdiction, to provide security
for costs.

It would be apparent that in the above passage from _Singapore Court Practice_
, Professor Pinsler was not addressing the issue of jurisdiction under O 23 r
1(1)(_a_) but rather the much more specific question of whether in the light
of changed circumstances (the plaintiff subsequently settling permanently
within jurisdiction) an order for security for costs made against him earlier
should continue. Even within that narrow context, which is not relevant to
this appeal, the tentative language used by the author is noteworthy: “it
_may_ no longer be just (_depending on the circumstances_) to require a
plaintiff to continue to provide security” [emphasis added].

49 The respondents in their turn relied on several cases where the Australian
courts stated that they had jurisdiction to order security for costs against
plaintiffs both ordinarily resident in and out of jurisdiction. The relevant
passages were _Logue_ at [24], _Corbett_ at [11] and _Robson & Ors v Robson_
[2010] QSC 378 at [35]–[36] (a passage citing _Logue_ and _Corbett_). Those
cases were decided under Order 28 r 3(1)(a) of the 26 November 2002 version of
the Federal Court Rules, r 42.21(1)(a) of the Uniform Civil Procedure Rules
2005 (Reg 418 of 2005) (NSW) and r 671(e) of the Uniform Civil Procedure Rules
1999 (SL No 111) (Qld) respectively. Unlike the relevant rule in _Rivera_ (as
discussed above at [45]), those rules, like O 23 r 1(1)(_a_) of the ROC, were
part of a two-stage process. The rules cited provided that ordinary residence
outside jurisdiction was one of several possible triggers for the court’s
jurisdiction to order security for costs. Once jurisdiction is established
under those rules, a second discretionary stage follows. In fact, _Logue_ and
_Corbett_ were decided under rules practically _in pari materia_ with ours.
These factors make the cases mentioned highly persuasive authority for the
respondents’ proposition.

50 On the basis of these authorities and, even more importantly, on a plain
reading of O 23 r 1(1)(_a_) (see [36] and [42] above), in our judgment, the
court has jurisdiction to order security for costs against a person ordinarily
resident in Singapore if he or she is _also_ ordinarily resident _out_ of
jurisdiction.

Relevance of ordinary residence in Singapore for the purposes of exercising
discretion to order for security for costs

51 Although ordinary residence in Singapore does not bar the court’s
jurisdiction in making an order for security for costs in respect of a
plaintiff who is also ordinarily resident elsewhere, the fact of ordinary
residence in Singapore is highly relevant in the exercise of the court’s
discretion under O 23 r 1(1) of the ROC. Essentially, the relevant findings in
cases relating to the exercise of discretion to order security for costs such
as _Leyvand_ (at [5] and [8]), _Logue_ (at [24]), _Corbett_ (at [11]) and
_Rivera_ (at [50]) show that where a plaintiff is ordinarily resident in the
jurisdiction, this is a strong factor in favour of the court refusing to
exercise its discretion to order security for costs. This was recognised by
the Judge below, who took note of this principle and the fact that it is in
opposition to the usual rule that other matters being equal, security is
normally ordered against plaintiffs resident outside of jurisdiction (at
[36]–[37] of the Judgment). We believe this to be a well-founded principle
that should be considered by the court in the exercise of its discretion to
order security for costs.

Where are the appellants ordinarily resident and was jurisdiction triggered
under O 23 r 1(1)(a) of the ROC?

52 The Judge considered the objective evidence relating to the appellants’
place of ordinary residence at [21] of the Judgment and concluded that the
appellants were ordinarily resident in Indonesia. There is hardly any basis
upon which we could demur from this finding of the Judge, which was based on
the evidence before him. We have not been given any cogent reason to depart
from that finding of the Judge.

53 The Judge found it significant that the appellants consistently provided
their Indonesian addresses in various legal documents. For example, the first
and third appellants provided an Indonesian address when registering
themselves as directors of a Singapore incorporated company, Venus
International Productions Pte Ltd. The appellants argued that they were not
given a chance to explain this before the Judge,[note: 37] stating that it was
possible that they did not realise that they were required to provide their
“usual residential address” under ss 173(2) and (6) of the Companies Act (Cap
50, 2006 Rev Ed) for this purpose. We are not persuaded by this explanation.
In our view, even if they subjectively did not know or understand the details
of that statutory requirement, their provision of Indonesian addresses still
showed that they were at least putting forward Indonesian addresses as their
main address for business use. These are the addresses that would appear when
customers or other interested parties performed Accounting and Corporate
Regulatory Authority searches on the company or its directors. The same
reasoning holds true in respect of the Indonesian addresses provided by the
appellants in court documents for a separate litigation against the 11th
defendant in the main action. The appellants sought to explain in the court
below that these addresses were “simply a means of identification and for
contact purposes”.[note: 38] With this having being said, they cannot then
deny that by furnishing the Indonesian addresses they regarded these addresses
as suitable to identify and contact them. This in turn shows their intention
to do business from Indonesia.

54 At this appeal, the appellants argued that the fact that a person holds
himself out as being ordinarily resident in a place is not determinative of
the question of his real ordinary residence.[note: 39] While this is
technically true, the fact of holding-out is still highly relevant and was
rightly given weight below. Here we would underscore the fact that Sumito and
the second appellant are persons who have various businesses in Indonesia and
Singapore. They are not ignoramuses, nor are they novices in legal
proceedings. They would have appreciated the significance of those legal
documents in which they were required to fill in their personal particulars.

55 Based on all the factors described above, we are of the opinion that the
finding of the Judge that the appellants are ordinarily resident outside
jurisdiction should be upheld. As such, based on our finding above at [50],
the Judge was correct to hold that he had jurisdiction to order security for
costs against the appellants under O 23 r 1(1)(_a_) of the ROC.

Exercise of discretion under O 23 r 1(1) of the ROC

Factors considered by the Judge

56 We now turn to the final issue of whether the Judge had correctly exercised
his discretion under O 23 r 1(1) of the ROC. This exercise required him to
consider what was just having regard to all the circumstances of the case.

57 The Judge recognised (at [37] of the Judgment) that where a plaintiff has
been found to be ordinarily resident within jurisdiction (in addition to being
ordinarily resident out of it), it will be very rare that security for costs
will be ordered against that person. The Judge referred to _Leyvand_ (at [5]),
_Logue_ (at [24]) and _Corbett_ (at [11]) for this proposition. Having found
that Sumito was ordinarily resident in Singapore as well as in Indonesia, the
Judge also found (at [38] of the Judgment) that he lacked property of a fixed
and permanent nature in Singapore that could be available for satisfaction of
costs. It is not in dispute that Sumito does not own any real property in
Singapore, and while he holds shares in two Singapore companies, the Judge
regarded those shareholdings as of doubtful value. He also stated (at [39] of
the Judgment) that the second and third appellants did not provide evidence
relating to their assets in Singapore which could be used to satisfy any costs
order in the defendants’ favour: from this he inferred that they did not
possess any such assets. Based on _Singapore Civil Procedure_ at para 23/3/11
(and, presumably, the cases cited therein), the Judge found that the
appellants did not have such fixed and permanent property as would be
certainly available for costs. The Judge regarded this circumstance as a
reason in favour of ordering security for costs against them. The Judge,
having noted (at [45] of the Judgment) that both sides’ cases in the main
action were evenly balanced, did not think that the merits of the case should
play a part in his consideration. The Judge also found (at [46] of the
Judgment) that beyond a bare assertion, the appellants provided no evidence
that the application for security was meant to stifle their claim.

58 At this appeal, the appellants have not sufficiently addressed the Judge’s
main reason for exercising his discretion, which is that they lack fixed
assets in Singapore suitable for satisfying a possible order of costs against
them. All they could say in relation to this was that the Judge should not
have taken this factor into consideration as Sumito has businesses in
Singapore.[note: 40] No explanation was offered to show how this assertion was
relevant. The principle laid down in _Leyvand_ (at [5]) that a plaintiff
ordinarily resident in jurisdiction would rarely have security ordered against
him must be viewed together with what Lightman J stated at [8] of the same
case:

The Claimant has a substantial connection with this country. He is plainly
resident here: it is unnecessary to decide whether he is also ordinarily
resident here. If it were necessary to do so, I would hold that he was. Having
regard to his long residence (whether or not ordinary residence) his long
connection and _substantial assets_ here, I have no doubt that the Master was
right in holding that it is not just to require him to provide security for
costs. _This view is doubly reinforced by the offer (which I accept) of an
undertaking not to complete the sale of his home prior to the likely date of
judgment at the trial of this action without prior permission of the Court_. …
[emphasis added]

59 In _Corbett_ , where the plaintiff was found to be ordinarily resident in
Vietnam as well as in New South Wales, Australia, the court took into account,
_inter alia_ , the fact that he owned a house in Sydney where his family lived
and which was worth A$400,000 more than the mortgage debt in refusing to make
an order for security for costs against him (see _Corbett_ at [30]). In
contrast, in _Logue_ , the applicant owned no assets of any real value in
Australia and also chose not to provide the court with any evidence regarding
his current financial position (see _Logue_ at [55]). Security for costs was
ordered against him. It seems to us that the appellants’ position closely
resembles that of the applicant in _Logue_ in that they own no fixed or even
substantial property in Singapore and/or have not provided evidence that they
own any such usable assets to the court (see [57] above).

60 The position taken by the appellants would appear to be simply this: as
they are ordinarily resident in Singapore (leaving aside any question of being
concurrently ordinarily resident elsewhere), no security for costs should in
any event be awarded against them.[note: 41] However, contrary to this rather
absolute argument, it seems to us that there is some sense in saying that
while a plaintiff who is ordinarily resident both within and out of
jurisdiction deserves substantial recognition of his or her connection with
the jurisdiction (see [51] above), the consideration given to him or her will
not be as great as that accorded to a plaintiff who is _only_ ordinarily
resident within jurisdiction (unless the latter person falls under O 23 rr
1(1)(_b_)–(_d_) of the ROC). The first respondent submitted in his Case:[note:
42]

… In the situation where a person is **only** ordinarily resident within
jurisdiction, security is found in the fact that it is assumed that the
person’s life and assets are only within jurisdiction and they will be reached
by process of the court. However, in the situation where a person is **both**
ordinarily resident within jurisdiction and out of jurisdiction (particularly
in a case such as this where that person has no fixed or permanent assets
within jurisdiction) there is no security in the fact that that person has
residence within jurisdiction, because that person can quickly and easily move
his assets and himself out of jurisdiction (to the location of his other
ordinary residence). … [emphasis in original]

We see some merit in this contention. As the appellants have not shown that
they own any meaningful assets within jurisdiction which the respondents could
look to for the purposes of satisfying any costs order which they may
eventually obtain, and the Judge’s decision being made in exercise of his
discretion under O 23 r 1(1) (see [21] above), we are unable to see any
legitimate basis to interfere with it.

New argument based on undue delay

61 We now turn to a new argument raised by the appellants which was not raised
below, namely that the application for security for costs by the second and
third respondents was made so late that most of the costs of discovery had
already been incurred. As stated in _Shirley Ooi_ at [20], such a late
application may be refused unless there is a satisfactory explanation for the
delay. A similar view was also expressed in _Corbett_ at [45], with the
qualification that “the significance of the delay is reduced by the absence of
relevant prejudice”, although it will remain “one factor to be taken into
account in the balancing exercise of determining the justice or injustice of
making an order for security”.

62 However, an important preliminary question arises for consideration in
relation to this new point: should this appellate court, in the circumstances
of this case, allow this new point to be canvassed? The test for allowing such
a new argument was enunciated by this court in _Panwah Steel Pte Ltd v Koh
Brothers Building & Civil Engineering Contractor (Pte) Ltd_ [2006] 4 SLR(R)
571 at [15] as follows:

The classic statement of principle is, of course, that of Lord Herschell in
the House of Lords decision of _The Owners of the Ship “Tasmania” and the
Owners of the Freight v Smith and others, The Owners of the Ship “City of
Corinth”_ (_The “Tasmania”)_ (1890) 15 App Cas 223, as follows (at 225):

My Lords, I think that a point such as this, not taken at the trial, and
presented for the first time in the Court of Appeal, ought to be most
jealously scrutinised. The conduct of a cause at the trial is governed by, and
the questions asked of the witnesses are directed to, the points then
suggested. And it is obvious that no care is exercised in the elucidation of
facts not material to them.

_It appears to me that under these circumstances a Court of Appeal ought only
to decide in favour of an appellant on a ground there put forward for the
first time, if it be satisfied beyond doubt, first, that it has before it all
the facts bearing upon the new contention, as completely as would have been
the case if the controversy had arisen at the trial; and next, that no
satisfactory explanation could have been offered by those whose conduct is
impugned if an opportunity for explanation had been afforded them when in the
witness box_.

[emphasis in original]

63 In the circumstances of this case, the new argument proposed by the
appellants would turn almost entirely on questions of fact, namely whether
most of the costs of the discovery process have been incurred already (which
is disputed by the respondents) and whether the respondents have any adequate
explanation for the delay. The respondents rightly pointed out that they have
not been given a chance to provide such an explanation. The facts relating to
the discovery process and the costs incurred therein are not in evidence
before this court, although the appellants have somewhat blithely submitted
that the facts support their position.[note: 43] The appellants have also not
applied for leave to adduce such material as fresh evidence. In the
circumstances, we do not think it just to allow the appellants to raise this
new point as the second and third respondents will be very much prejudiced
thereby.

64 We wish to add in passing that even if this court was minded to consider
this argument, and even if the five-month lapse of time between the
commencement of the main action and the filing of the application for security
by the second and third respondents on 28 June 2010 constituted a delay, it
has not been shown that the appellants would have been much prejudiced, if at
all, by that delay. Here, we have noted that the second and third respondents
had made a request to the appellants as early as 19 April 2010 (three months
after the main action commenced) asking them to voluntarily provide security
for costs, failing which the necessary application would be made to the
court.[note: 44] On 25 April 2010, the appellants replied, refusing the
request and stating their intention to resist such an application.[note: 45]
Given the fact that this request was made and brought to the appellants’
attention at an early stage, they cannot now seriously claim that they were
prejudiced by any delay on the part of the second and third respondents in
making the application.

Conclusion

65 In the result, we would dismiss this appeal with costs and the usual
consequential orders.

* * *

[note: 1]Note of Arguments for SUM 1720/2010/H, Core Bundle Vol II (“ACB II”),
p 55.

[note: 2]1st Defendant’s written submissions for RA 234/2010/D, Record of
Appeal Volume III Part B (“ROA(3B)”) p 669 at para 3.

[note: 3]_Ibid_ , p 670 at para 4.

[note: 4]_Ibid_ , p 671 at para 8.

[note: 5]_Ibid_ , p 670 at para 5.

[note: 6]_Ibid_ , at para 6.

[note: 7]_Ibid_ , pp 670–671 at para 7.

[note: 8]5th and 6th Defendants’ written submissions for SUM 2961/2010/E,
ROA(3B) p 730 at para 43.

[note: 9]_Ibid_ , p 744 at paras 74-89.

[note: 10]_Ibid_ , p 735 at paras 52-73.

[note: 11]Plaintiffs’ written submissions for RA 234/2010/D and SUM
2961/2010/E, ROA(3B) p 763 at para 16.

[note: 12]_Ibid_ , p 766 at paras 24–27.

[note: 13]_Ibid_ , p 767 at para 29.

[note: 14]_Ibid_ , p 765 at para 18.

[note: 15]_Ibid_ , p 766 at para 20.

[note: 16]_Ibid_ , p 767 at para 30.

[note: 17]_Ibid_ , p 770 at para 53.

[note: 18]_Ibid_ , p 767 at paras 31-52.

[note: 19]Judgment of Andrew Ang J, Core Bundle Vol I (“ACB I”) p 13.

[note: 20]Appellants’ Case (“AC”) p 21 at para 35.

[note: 21]AC pp 21–22 at para 37.

[note: 22]AC p 39 at para 77.

[note: 23]AC pp 41-42 at para 86.

[note: 24]AC p 41 at para 85.

[note: 25]AC p 50 at para 107.

[note: 26]AC p 54 at paras 117-118.

[note: 27]AC p 55 at paras 120-122.

[note: 28]2nd and 3rd Respondents’ Case (“2&3RC”) p 19 at para 33.

[note: 29]Tjong Very Sumito’s Affidavit dated 19 August 2010, ACB II p 62 at
para 11.

[note: 30]AC pp 41–42 at para 86.

[note: 31]AC p 21 at para 36.

[note: 32]AC p 21 at para 35.

[note: 33]1st Respondent’s Case (“1RC”) pp 24–25 at para 57.

[note: 34]_Ibid_. and 2&3RC p 16 para 28.

[note: 35]2&3RC p 36 at para 67(3).

[note: 36]AC p 28 at para 52.

[note: 37]AC p 47 at paras 98–99.

[note: 38]Tjong Very Sumito’s Affidavit dated 19 August 2010, ACB II pp 61–62
at para 11.

[note: 39]AC pp 48-49 at para 103.

[note: 40]AC p 52 para 111.

[note: 41]AC p 30 at para 56 and p 54 at para 118.

[note: 42]1RC p 18 at para 42.

[note: 43]AC p 55 at para 121.

[note: 44]Letter from Allen & Gledhill to Gabriel Law Corporation dated 19
April 2010, ROA(3B) p 479.

[note: 45]Letter from Gabriel Law Corporation to Allen & Gledhill dated 25
April 2010, ROA(3B) p 480.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 15 Aug 2011 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

