Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Lai Ling Wan (alias Lai Lily) _v_ Commissioner of Stamp Duties  
[2011] SGHC 186

Case Number| :| Originating Summons No 473 of 2010  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 05 August 2011  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Choo Han Teck J  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Ong Sim Ho, Ong Ken Loon and Guo Jiawen (instructed)
(Drew & Napier LLC) and Amolat Singh (Amolat & Partners) for the appellant;
Foo Hui Min, Nai Tham Siew Patrick (Inland Revenue Authority of Singapore) for
the respondent.  
Parties| :|  Lai Ling Wan (alias Lai Lily) — Commissioner of Stamp Duties  
  
5 August 2011| Judgment reserved.  
---|---  
  
Choo Han Teck J:

1 Death and taxes, it is said, are the only certainties in this world. But
only one of them is painless on impact. This case is about the other. It is an
appeal by one Lai Ling Wan @ Lily Lai (“the Appellant”) against an assessment
of stamp duty that was performed by the Commissioner of Stamp Duties (“the
Commissioner”). The Appellant purchased 83 units in a Tower 1A of a
development called “Reflections at Keppel Bay” (“the Development”) from Keppel
Bay Pte Ltd (“the Developer”). 83 sale and purchase agreements (“the 83 sale
contracts”) were issued by the Developer and executed by the Appellant. This
court was asked to determine the stamp duty which is payable arising from the
purchase of the 83 units.

2 The material provision relating to the stamp duty payable is s 22(1) of the
Stamp Duties Act (Cap 312, 2006 Rev Ed) (“the Act”). It states:

Every contract or agreement for the sale of –

(_a_)any equitable estate or interest in any property; or

(_b_)any estate or interest in any property …

shall be charged with the same ad valorem duty, payable by the purchaser, as
if it were an actual conveyance on sale of the estate, interest or property
contracted or agreed to be sold.

The Appellant intended to stamp each of the 83 sale contracts as individual
contracts, at the _ad valorem_ rates set out in article no 3(_a_) of the First
Schedule of the Act. The Commissioner was of the view that the 83 sale
contracts cannot be stamped individually and that stamp duty has to be paid on
the basis that all 83 units were transferred to her under a single instrument
of transfer at the aggregate price of $226,472,460. That meant that the
appellant had to pay a higher amount in stamp duty because stamp duty is
calculated at a graduated rate, and the Appellant would have saved $5,400 for
each instrument of transfer and be entitled to a refund of $442,680 if her
position is correct. The full amount as calculated by the Commissioner had
already been paid.

3 The case stated by the Commissioner pursuant to s 40 of the Act expressed
the Commissioner’s ground, which is that there was only one contract for the
sale of all 83 units. At the appeal, the Commissioner reiterated this ground.
Prior to the appeal, however, the Commissioner had relied upon two other
grounds to support his position. These can be found in the letters the
Commissioner had written to the Appellant. The relevant portions of those
letters are reproduced in the case stated. It is unclear whether these two
other grounds, which are the “larger transaction” and the “block basis”
arguments had been abandoned on appeal.

4 The material background facts are as follows. On or around 4 May 2007, the
Appellant visited the Development’s show-flats with her lawyer, Lim Seow Leng
(“Lim”). They were attended to by an associate sales director from CB Richard
Ellis (Pte) Ltd (“CBRE”), one Gabriel Tang (“Tang”). Tang arranged for the
Appellant to meet CBRE’s Leong Boon Hoe (“Leong”) and Joseph Tan (“Tan”) after
she expressed interest in purchasing units in the Development. The Appellant
met Leong and Tan on 7 May 2007 and Leong advised the Appellant to sign a
letter of intent for the purposes of commencing negotiations. The Appellant
signed the letter of intent, dated 7 May 2007 (“the 7 May letter”) and
addressed it to Keppel Land International Limited (“Keppel Land”). Keppel Land
was marketing the Development for the Developer. The relevant portion of the 7
May letter stated:

I [_ie_ the Appellant] would like to extend my sincere interest in purchasing
the entire Tower1A on the following terms  
---  
1\. Saleable Area 2\. Price 3\. Payment Terms 4\. Purchasers … |  : 113,236.23 sqft : S$226,472,460.00 (S$2000.00psf) : Deferred Payment Scheme -5% Option Fee upon Booking -15% from 8 weeks of Option Date -Balance upon T.O.P : [The Appellant] & Others  
If terms are agreeable, I can arrange for the release of the 5% Option Fee
(together with the respective names of the other individual purchasers) in
exchange for the Option-To-Purchase.  
  
  

The Appellant then appointed Lim under a power of attorney to liaise with CBRE
and the Developer on her behalf, and Lim commenced discussions with them.
Besides the units in Tower 1A, the Developer also offered the Appellant units
in other towers. After considering the offer, the Appellant decided to
purchase only 83 strata lots comprising all the units in Tower 1A.

5 During these discussions, the Developer raised for the first time, an
additional condition to the sale of the 83 units, namely, that the Appellant
undertakes not to offer any units in Tower 1A for sale within six months from
the date of exercising the options to purchase. The Appellant’s agreement to
the Developer’s new condition was conveyed to Dennis Tay of Keppel Land _via_
CBRE’s letter dated 10 May 2007 (“the 10 May letter”). The 10 May letter
stated:

**Subject to Contract** Dear Dennis **Tower 1A, REFLECTIONS AT THE BAY** We
refer to our negotiation in respect of the purchase of the above. We are
pleased to confirm that our client, [the Appellant,] has agreed to purchase
the property on the following terms and conditions:  
---  
|  (1) **Saleable Area** |  : |  113,236.23 sq.ft  
|  (2) **Purchase Price** |  : |  S$226,472,460.00 (S$2,000.00 psf)  
|  (3) **Payment Terms** |  : |  **Deferred Payment Scheme** 5% Upon Booking 15% within 8 weeks from Option Date Balance upon TOP  
|  (4) Special Condition |  : |  The Purchaser hereby undertake not to offer any units in Tower 1A for sale for a period not exceeding 6 months from the date of exercising the Option-to-Purchase  
As mentioned, [the Appellant] will be purchasing the units in various names,
details of which will be forwarded to you upon presenting the 5% option fee.  
[The Appellant] is presently outstation and will make arrangement for her
banker (UBS) to prepare the option fee of **$11,323,623.00**. The cheque will
be sent to you not later than Monday 14 May 2007.  
  
  

6 Thereafter, on 14 May 2007, the Appellant issued a single cashier’s order
and paid the 5% option fee to the Developer. On 6 June 2007, her solicitors
lodged a single purchaser’s caveat in respect of the 83 units. This caveat
contained the particulars of each of the 83 strata units. In total, 83 sale
contracts all dated 8 June 2007 were entered into between the Appellant and
the Developer pursuant to the exercise of the respective 83 options to
purchase. On 8 June 2007, Lim signed 83 deeds of undertaking in favour of the
Developer on behalf of the Appellant not to offer any of the 83 units for sale
for a period of six months from the date of the Appellant’s exercise of the
options to purchase. On 9 July 2007, the Appellant issued a single cashier’s
order and paid the balance 15% purchase price to the Developer.

7 The issue before me was whether, as between the Appellant and the Developer
(“the Parties”), they had entered into one contract for the sale of 83 units
or 83 separate contracts for the sale of one unit under each contract. The
evidence, documentary or otherwise concerning the negotiations between the
parties does not show that the parties intended the Appellant to purchase a
collective interest. The 7 May letter was not an enforceable contract between
the Parties. It recorded an expression of the Appellant’s interest to the
Developer to purchase units in the Development. As a matter of construction,
the 7 May letter was not an offer made by the Appellant to purchase the 83
units. The language used was tentative and equivocal, and merely expressed the
Appellant’s keenness to purchase. Even if the 7 May letter constituted an
offer to buy the 83 units as one collective interest from the Developer, the
evidence showed that the Developer did not accept it. The Developer rejected
it when it made a counter offer and proposed an additional condition, namely,
that the Appellant undertakes not to dispose of any of the units in Tower 1A
within six months of the date of exercising the options to purchase.

8 The 10 May 2007 letter which followed showed that the Parties had agreed
upon the essential terms, namely, the identity of the property, the parties
and the purchase price. However, it was prefaced with the phrase “subject to
contract”, an expression readily understood by lawyers and non-lawyers alike
to mean that until a formal written agreement is drawn and executed between
the parties, there would be no binding contract between them: _Compaq Computer
Asia Pte Ltd v Computer Interface (S) Pte Ltd_ [2004] 3 SLR(R) 316.

9 Of course, in exceptional circumstances the expression “subject to contract”
may not prevent a contract from arising, but there were no such exceptional
circumstances here, unlike the circumstances in _SM Integrated Transware Pte
Ltd v Schenker Singapore (Pte) Ltd_ [2005] 2 SLR(R) 651 (“ _SM Integrated_ ”),
a case which the Commissioner relied upon. _SM Integrated_ is distinguishable
from the present case. The issue in _SM Integrated Transware_ was whether the
parties had been negotiating on a “subject to contract” basis. The only
document that bore that expression there was a letter of intent sent out at a
very early stage of negotiations. The trial judge found that the letter was
merely meant to evidence interest in the negotiations and was ignored once
negotiations were underway. On an objective interpretation, neither party had
relied on the qualification. It thus did not prevent a contract from arising.

10 In the present case, the Parties had intended that enforceable rights in
relation to sale and purchase of the 83 units would arise only from the terms
contained in the individual options to purchase which were issued shortly
after the 10 May letter. This understanding is unequivocally reflected in a
letter from the Developer’s solicitors in reply to the Commissioner who had
asked the Developer, “Whether the purchaser can choose not to buy any of the
units following the granting of the Option to Purchase”. The Developer’s
solicitors wrote —

The sale is premised on 83 separate Options to Purchase in the prescribed
format being issued to the purchaser. As such, the purchaser can choose not to
exercise any of the Options to Purchase granted by the Developers and thus not
to proceed with the purchase of these units.

11 Finally, the Commissioner relied upon _UOL Development (Novena) Pte Ltd v
Commissioner of Stamp Duties_ [2008] 1 SLR(R) 126 (“ _UOL Development_ ”). In
_UOL Development_ , a developer tendered for the purchase of 53 properties
from their registered proprietors. After the developer’s tender was accepted,
their solicitors requested the registered proprietors’ solicitors to forward
53 letters of acceptance. For the purposes of assessment of the payable stamp
duty, the similar question arose as to whether there existed only one contract
for the collective sale of the properties or 53 separate contracts. The High
Court held that it was the former. _UOL Development_ is, however, different
from the present case in two material respects. First, the registered
proprietors’ had intended to sell collectively in order to fetch a higher
price. The registered proprietors’ invitation to tender was also construed
objectively as an offer made by them to sell a collective interest. This in
turn necessarily meant that the purchaser intended to purchase a collective
interest. There was also a finding of fact that the developer knew it had
purchased the properties as a collective interest. Secondly, s 33A of the Act
was relied upon in _UOL Development_. Section 33A(1) of the Act authorises the
state to alter the intended tax treatment of an arrangement between two
contracting parties. The general effect of s 33A of the Act was to give the
Commissioner the right to disregard or vary arrangements as he thinks
appropriate, which purpose or effect was to reduce or avoid tax liabilities,
without prejudice to the arrangement’s validity as it may have in any other
respect. In _UOL Development_ , it was found that the developer’s request to
the registered proprietors’ solicitors to issue 53 letters of acceptance was
unnecessary in the light of the collective invitation to tender. It seemed so
clearly an afterthought that was meant to let the developer evade tax
liabilities, and not for any legitimate commercial purpose. The Commissioner
did not rely on s 33A(1) of the Act in this case.

12 In these premises, there were no binding contractual obligations until the
83 sale contracts were executed on 8 June 2007\. These individual sale and
purchase contracts comprised the bargain between the Parties. The objective
interpretation of this bargain was that the Developer sold and the Appellant
purchased 83 units of the Development as individual strata lots. Their
respective rights and liabilities were regulated by each individual sale and
purchase contract. The Appellant was therefore entitled to stamp each of the
83 sale contracts as separate and distinct instruments of transfer, being
individual contracts for the sale of the respective interest in each unit.

13 That only one caveat was lodged and one cashier’s order used each time to
make payment to the Developer did not affect the nature of the bargain that
there was to be 83 separate contracts for the sale of one unit under each
contract. A caveat does not create a new interest or modify an existing
interest in land. The Appellant’s use of one caveat to protect all her 83
separate interests does not in any way prove that only one contract was
entered into. Furthermore, given that the number of caveats to lodge was a
matter entirely for the Appellant to decide and was outside of the scope of
the Parties’ agreement, it could not have had any impact on it. The mode of
payment between the Parties is irrelevant to the issue at hand. Contracting
parties are free to agree on how they are to pay each other without having it
affect other substantive contractual obligations.

14 The thrust of the Commissioner’s case was based on the application of
contract law. In contract, however, parties are free to structure their
bargain as they wish for mutual benefit, without generally having regard to
third-party or public interests. One qualification to the scope of the
principle of freedom of contract is that contractual obligations may be
unenforceable by one party against the other if they were held to be illegal
or contrary to public policy. This is not a case where one of the Parties is
attempting to enforce the 83 contracts. The 83 sale contracts were also not
illegal or unenforceable. Counsel for the Commissioner attempted to re-
characterise the Parties’ bargain by relying on a vague argument based on
public policy. This attempt manifested itself in the two grounds mentioned
above, namely, that the 83 contracts were essentially one transaction (the
“larger transaction” argument) and the purchase of the properties was made on
a block basis (the “block basis” argument).

15 It was not the Commissioner’s case that the Parties’ contracts were
structured for the purpose of reducing or avoiding tax liabilities such that s
33A(1) of the Act has to be invoked. There was also no evidence to show that
that was one of the parties’ purpose or intention. Although the Parties’
bargain had the effect of reducing tax liabilities, the Appellant had offered
persuasive and _bona fide_ commercial reasons for structuring the bargain in
that manner. The Appellant affirmed in her affidavit that she would not have
accepted a single sale and purchase agreement to purchase all the units as a
collective interest. A single agreement would have constrained her ability to
obtain financing from more than one financial institution. She would also face
difficulties in the event of the sub-sale of one or more of the units because
the Developer would have to cancel the sale and purchase agreement and re-
issue her with fresh sale and purchase agreements. These reasons bring the
Appellant’s case within the ambit of s 33A(3)(_b_) of the Act which states
that the section shall not apply to “any arrangement carried out for bona fide
commercial reasons and had not as one of its main purpose the avoidance or
reduction of duty”.

16 Hence, instead of relying on s 33A of the Act, the Commissioner wrote to
the Appellant in a letter dated 17 July 2008:

… the multiple Sale & Purchase Agreements entered between [the Developer] and
[the Appellant] are in essence one single transaction. Stamp duty is therefore
payable on the total purchase price at which the units were acquired.

It suffices to say that the “larger transaction” rule was derived from
interpreting the stamp duties legislation of other jurisdictions and is not
part of Singapore law. For example, in _Attorney-General v Cohen and another_
[1937] 1 KB 478, the purchaser bought from the same vendor six lots of land at
a public auction. Separate contracts of sale were entered into in respect of
each lot. The English Court of Appeal was required to determine if four of
these sale contracts formed “part of a larger transaction or of a series of
transactions” under s 73 of the UK Finance (1909-10) Act, 1910. If so, they
would be liable to a higher rate of duty. Slesser LJ held that the provision
is intended to prevent persons who are in reality conveying a larger interest
from escaping their liability to pay the higher rate of duty by dissecting
that larger transaction into artificially discrete parts. While the mischief
targeted by that provision which lays down the “larger transaction” rule is
broadly similar to that envisaged by s 33A(1) of the Act, the provisions are
not _in pari materia_ and there are fine but important differences in their
operation. For instance, the wording of s 33A(3)(_b_) of the Act expressly
requires some degree of investigation into the parties’ commercial motivations
whereas the judicially-formulated “larger transaction” rule which is based on
interpreting a foreign statute may not require such an investigation.

17 The Commissioner also referred to a circular issued by the Inland Revenue
Authority of Singapore on 13 March 2008 titled “Stamp duty treatment for
properties acquired on an _en bloc_ or block basis” (“the Circular”). It is
undisputed that the Circular is not subsidiary legislation. The second and
third paragraphs of the Circular stated:

For properties acquired on enbloc or block basis, stamp duty should be
calculated based on the total purchase price. This is because, based on the
true nature of the transaction, there is only one single contract for the
enbloc or block purchase of the properties. Thus the correct tax treatment
would be to regard the purchase of the properties as one single transaction.

Even though individual documents may have been prepared for the disposition of
the individual properties to the same purchaser, stamp duty should not be paid
on the sale price of each individual property to take advantage of the
graduated stamp duty tax rates.

In my view, the Circular does not assist the Commissioner’s case. First, the
Circular is irrelevant as a justification for the Commissioner’s position in
the present case because it was published after the present case had arisen.

18 Secondly, the Commissioner cannot rely on its own administrative practice
to justify a particular interpretation of the Act’s provisions. What the
Commissioner did or is doing as a matter of practice does not in any way
inform the issue of whether it is legally entitled to do so: _Comptroller of
Income Tax v GE Pacific Pte Ltd_ [1994] 2 SLR(R) 948 at [35].

19 Thirdly, the terms that are used in the Circular – “ _en bloc_ ” and “block
purchase” – are problematic in both senses of the adjective. Neither term is a
term of art. The attempt by both parties to this case to define the terms was
therefore not helpful.

20 The Appellant relied on _Ng Swee Lang and another v Sassoon Samuel Bernard
and others_ [2008] 2 SLR(R) 597 at [42] to say that the distinct nature of an
_en bloc_ sale is that it is based on a single collective agreement, and not
an aggregation of all the individual interests. She then sought to distinguish
her case from an _en bloc_ sale; but in my view, _Ng Swee Lang_ did not
involve the same considerations, and how it defined the term _en bloc_ was
irrelevant for present purposes. That case construed the nature of the sale
and purchase agreement for the collective sale of condominiums and flats in
Singapore under the Land Titles (Strata) Act (Cap 158, 1999 Rev Ed). That
statute allowed a sufficient number of subsidiary proprietors to sell the
collective interest to a purchaser, notwithstanding the existence of some
objecting subsidiary proprietors. The term _en bloc_ sale was used merely as a
convenient label to describe a sale made under those circumstances which,
under the Land Titles (Strata) Act, was construed as a single sale and
purchase transaction of the subject property as a whole between the majority
owners and the purchaser. I believe that the Appellant felt obliged to provide
an opinion on what _en bloc_ meant because the Commissioner had previously
invoked the term “block basis” to support his position, and the Appellant thus
wrongly, but understandably, treated them to be synonymous.

21 I now turn to the term “block basis”. On 22 August 2008, prior to this
appeal, the Appellant had lodged an objection pursuant to s 39A(1) of the Act
against the Commissioner’s assessment. The Commissioner then issued a notice
on 26 April 2010 under s 39A(5) of the Act to set out his grounds for
dismissing the objection:

With reference to Section 5 of the Stamp Duties Act, the true nature of the
transaction was to acquire the entire Tower 1A in [the Development] on a block
basis and hence the duty has to be stamped based on the global purchase price.

22 In this appeal, the Commissioner attempted to clarify the meaning of both
terms. Counsel submitted on his behalf that there is a difference between an
_en bloc_ and a block sale, and the present case involves the latter. He
stated that:

… While the en bloc, or collective sale is well-understood due to the highly-
publicised disputes that have been adjudicated in the courts, the term “block
purchase” simply refers to the purchase of more than one unit of property in a
single contract by a purchaser from a vendor. There is no need for a meeting
of minds (consensus id idem) between the purchaser and vendor, such that the
purchaser will not proceed with the sale unless the vendor agrees to sell all
the property that the purchaser desires to purchase.

This submission cannot succeed because it ignored Loh Yow Khim’s affidavit,
affirmed on the Commissioner’s behalf on 6 July 2010, which stated that the
issue in the present case is whether there was an “ _en bloc_ ” sale. This
affidavit, affirmed two years after the Circular was published, showed that
the Commissioner did not have a consistent view of the two terms from the
outset and the ambiguity remains. It thus showed that a meaningful difference
between them in this context was unlikely to be found. This was not surprising
since they are not terms of art and, according to _The Chambers Dictionary_
(Chambers Harrup Publishers, 11th Ed, 2008), _en bloc_ simply means “as one
unit or wholesale” in French.

23 Fourthly, the Circular will be inconsistent with the Act if we assume that
a sale on a block basis means what counsel submitted on behalf of the
Commissioner in this case. The Circular will deem all properties acquired on a
block basis to be made under a single contract since that will always be “the
true nature of the transaction”. Not only does it beg the question, it is
contrary to s 33A(3)(_b_) of the Act which provides that the tax treatment
must be applied with reference to the purpose behind the arrangement. Hence,
there cannot be a uniform treatment of block purchases.

24 For the reasons above, I find in favour of the Appellant. Her appeal is
allowed with costs to be taxed if not agreed.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 05 Aug 2011 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

