Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Mano Vikrant Singh _v_ Cargill TSF Asia Pte Ltd  
[2011] SGHC 241

Case Number| :| Originating Summons No 103 of 2011  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 08 November 2011  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Steven Chong J  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Philip Jeyaretnam SC, Mark Seah and Germaine Tan (Rodyk &
Davidson LLP) for the plaintiff; Blossom Hing, Kimberley Leng, Justin Kwek and
Mohan Gopalan (Drew & Napier LLC) for the defendant.  
Parties| :|  Mano Vikrant Singh — Cargill TSF Asia Pte Ltd  
  
8 November 2011| Judgment reserved.  
---|---  
  
Steven Chong J:

Introduction

1 Clauses in employment contracts which prohibit an employee from working for
a competitor upon termination of employment must be shown to be reasonable to
be enforceable. This principle of law was founded on public policy
considerations to promote the free flow of expertise in the interests of the
individual and society. Over the years, in certain trades, industries or
professions, employees have come to wield considerable power in negotiating
favourable terms of employment. Quite often, because of their skill and hence
their mobility, they have a _choice_ not to accept terms in their employment
contracts. Employers have also evolved their remuneration packages to provide
financial incentives for employees to remain with them and equally for
financial disincentives not to leave them or to join a competitor. When such
an employee leaves the employer, he again has the choice to join a competitor
and if he chooses to compete, the only consequence is a financial
disincentive, for example, the forfeiture of a deferred bonus. In such cases,
is the public policy consideration in promoting the free flow of skill
offended?

2 This case presents an interesting issue for determination which hitherto has
not been judicially decided in Singapore though a number of previous decisions
on restraint of trade clauses are relevant in arriving at my decision. The
present case concerns the issue of whether a clause in an employee incentive
award plan (_as distinct_ from the employment contract) which forfeits
deferred incentive payments in the event that the employee competes with his
employer is in _substance_ a restraint of trade. In a number of English and
Australian cases, the courts have treated such clauses as amounting in
_substance_ to a restraint of trade. The treatment of such clauses in the
United States is divided. However, there is also a body of case law upholding
provisions in employment contracts that forfeit deferred bonuses when the
employee leaves the employer _regardless_ of whether the employee proceeds to
compete with the employer. In those decisions, such clauses are not regarded
as in restraint of trade. Is there a rational reason why in the former, the
clauses are regarded as in restraint of trade but not in the latter especially
when in the latter group of cases, the effect on the employee would appear to
be more far reaching in that the deferred bonus is forfeited when the employee
leaves his employment irrespective whether the employee joins a competitor or
otherwise? This judgment will examine these two groups of cases with the view
to rationalising the basis for the distinction, if any, and to provide more
certainty to employees and employers when negotiating such deferred incentive
plans.

Facts

Parties to the dispute

3 Cargill TSF Asia Pte Ltd (“the defendant”) is part of the Cargill group of
companies (“the Cargill Group”).[note: 1] The Cargill Group provides food,
agricultural, risk management, financial and industrial products and services
around the world.[note: 2] The defendant is part of the Cargill Group’s Trade
and Structured Finance (“TSF”) business.[note: 3]

4 According to the defendant, the TSF business involved leveraging on trade
flows between countries to customise cross-border financing solutions for
trade related financing. The defendant referred to these customised solutions
as “Structured Solutions”.[note: 4] The defendant claimed that a Structured
Solution involved considerable teamwork between the defendant’s employees and
its tax and legal advisors.[note: 5] The work product of a Structured Solution
is a document known as a “Product Approval Form” (“PAF”).[note: 6] The
defendant claimed that a PAF is “a unique, confidential and proprietary ‘how-
to-do’ manual setting out all the pertinent information on a Structured
Solution”.[note: 7] It also identified the risks associated with the
Structured Solution.[note: 8]

5 According to the defendant, Mano Vikrant Singh (“the plaintiff”) first
joined the Cargill Group in 1992 as a trader and analyst in its Emerging
Markets Department.[note: 9] In 1998, he was assigned to work as an analyst
and trader with Cargill Asia Pacific Ltd (“CAPL”).[note: 10] He resigned in
1999[note: 11] and rejoined the Cargill Group in 2002[note: 12] and was
employed by Cargill Financial Services Corp (“Cargill FSC”) as its TSF
business co-ordinator. In between, the plaintiff joined another company which
was also involved in trade and structured financial products.[note: 13] In
November 2003, he was assigned to work in Singapore as CAPL’s TSF Innovation
Co-ordinator. In April 2007, the plaintiff moved over to the defendant as a
senior trader, a position he held until he resigned on 27 November 2008. I
should mention that the plaintiff had deposed that he was initially employed
by Cargill FSC in 2001.[note: 14] Prior to that, he claimed that he was
running his own business involving the buying and selling of trade
receivables.[note: 15] This difference in the plaintiff’s employment history
is, however, immaterial to the issues before me.

6 The plaintiff’s position in the defendant was described as “Senior Trader
(Corporate Band – Senior Advisor)”.[note: 16] The precise role of the
plaintiff in the defendant was initially contested by the parties:

(a) According to the plaintiff, he was primarily involved in trading financial
instruments which arose from the commodity trading activities of the
defendant. His role was to deal with the defendant’s structured trade and non-
trade financial products.[note: 17] He also carried on a “third-party
business” (“the Third Party Business”).[note: 18] The plaintiff claims that
the Third Party Business was his “existing business” which he brought over to
Cargill FSC when he first joined it in 2001.[note: 19]

(b) According to the defendant, the plaintiff served as an “originator” and a
“structurer” of the defendant’s Structured Solutions.[note: 20] As an
originator, the plaintiff would identify and meet potential and/or existing
trading partners and financial institutions to participate in the defendant’s
Structured Solutions.[note: 21] As a structurer, the plaintiff would
strategise and create Structured Solutions to maximise profits from a trade
flow.[note: 22]

In the course of the oral arguments, the plaintiff’s counsel, Mr Philip
Jeyaretnam SC (“Mr Jeyaretnam SC”) accepted, for the purpose of the present
proceedings, that the plaintiff’s role in the defendant’s TSF business was as
an “initiator” (_sic_) or “structurer”.[note: 23]

The contractual framework

7 The main contract between the parties was an employment contract set out in
a letter from the defendant to the plaintiff dated 28 March 2007, which was
accepted by the plaintiff on 30 March 2007 (“the Employment Contract”).[note:
24] It is only necessary to highlight one clause in the Employment Contract.
Clause 12 of the Employment Contract provides as follows:[note: 25]

**12**. **OTHER** **OCCUPATION**

You shall not at any time during your employment hold any other job without
the Company’s written consent.

8 The plaintiff also entered into an agreement not to compete with the
defendant on 30 March 2007 (“the Non-Compete Agreement”). It is a requirement
for all employees to execute the Non-Compete Agreement. Under clause 3 of the
Non-Compete Agreement, the plaintiff agreed, _inter alia_ , not to compete
with the defendant for a period of one year immediately following his
termination with the defendant:[note: 26]

3\. **_Competition and Solicitation Restrictions._** Employee [_ie_ , the
plaintiff] agrees that during Employee’s employment with CTSF [_ie_ , the
defendant] or any other company within Cargill’s TSF Business Unit, and _for a
period of one year_ immediately following the termination of Employee’s
employment with CTSF or any other company within Cargill’s TSF Business Unit,
regardless of the reason for termination, Employee will not:

(a) as a partner, officer, employee, director, stockholder, proprietor, other
equity owner, contractor, consultant, representative or agent engage in the
business of creating, marketing or delivering, directly or indirectly,
structured trade and non-trade financial products that are similar to TSF
Products and Services in countries where Cargill’s TSF Business Unit creates
or markets structured trade or non-trade financial products.

(b) as a partner, officer, employee, director, stockholder, proprietor, other
equity owner, contractor, consultant, representative, or agent employ or
attempt to employ, directly or indirectly, any of Cargill’s TSF Business Unit
employees on behalf of any other entity engaged in the business of creating,
marketing or delivering structured trade or non-trade financial products that
are similar to TSF Products and Services in countries where Cargill’s TSF
Business Unit creates or markets structured trade or non-trade financial
products.

[emphasis added]

9 The Non-Compete Agreement (which was entered into contemporaneously with the
Employment Contract) is a classic restraint of trade clause that _prohibits_
the plaintiff from directly or indirectly competing with the Cargill Group’s
TSF business for a period of one year following his termination of employment.
It is pertinent to note that the Non-Compete Agreement is _not_ the subject
matter of the present dispute.

10 The defendant also had an individual incentive award plan (“the Incentive
Award Plan”). The terms and conditions of the Incentive Award Plan (“the
Incentive Award Plan T&Cs”) provided that individual incentive awards were
“discretionary based on individual, team and business unit results”.[note: 27]
The Incentive Award Plan T&Cs provided that 50% of the individual incentive
award would be paid out as a cash award (“the Cash Payments”) and the
remaining amount would be paid out as a deferred incentive (“the Deferred
Incentive Payments”). Unlike the Non-Compete Agreement, it was not obligatory
for the plaintiff to accept the Incentive Award Plan T&Cs but the Deferred
Incentive Payments would not be processed unless it is signed by the
plaintiff.[note: 28] Deferred Incentive Payments were paid out over one to
three fiscal years from the date when the individual incentive award was
granted. The duration of the deferral depended on the amount of the individual
incentive award. The following table in the Incentive Award Plan T&Cs
determined the duration and extent of the deferral:[note: 29]

Individual Incentive Award |  Deferred Incentive Percentage and Deferral Period  
---|---  
$74,999 and below |  0% – No Deferred Incentive  
$75,000 – $199,999 |  50% of Individual Incentive Award deferred for 1 Fiscal Year from Grant Date  
$200,000 – $399,999 |  50% of Individual Incentive Award deferred over 2 Fiscal Years from Grant Date (2 annual payments)  
$400,000 and greater |  50% of Individual Incentive Award deferred over 3 Fiscal Years from Grant Date (3 annual payments)  
  
  

The Incentive Award Plan T&Cs also provided that interest was payable on the
Deferred Incentive Payments at the one-year USD LIBOR (_ie_ , the London
Interbank Offered Rate) plus one percent. Interest would be compounded
annually.[note: 30]

11 Importantly, the Incentive Award Plan T&Cs contained a provision that
purported to forfeit the Deferred Incentive Payments in certain circumstances
(“the Forfeiture Provision”):[note: 31]

_FORFEITURE PROVISIONS_

Deferred Incentives that have been awarded but not yet distributed will be
forfeited if the Participant (1) is Terminated for Cause, or (2)(a) Separates
from Service other than by reason of death or Disability, and (b) continues a
career within the financial or commodity trading industry outside of the
Company _within a period of two years from the date of such Separation from
Service (referred to as the “Two-Year Non-Compete Period_ ”). Continuance of a
career within the financial or commodity trading industry is defined as
employment by, consulting with, establishing, or having a substantial
ownership interest in any organization, which competes with the Company for
employees, customers, clients, market share, or financial/commodity resources
or deals.

Deferred Incentives will not be forfeited under the following circumstances:

· A Participant’s death or Disability.

· A Participant who Separates from Service other than for death or Disability
and who does not compete within the Two-Year Non-Compete Period.

In the event that a Participant seeks to engage in activity or an employment
relationship that may violate the Two-year [_sic_] Non-compete period [_sic_],
Participants may seek clarification relative to the acceptability of this
relationship from the Business Unit or Platform leader; provided, that the
Two-Year Non-Compete Period shall not be waived, or if waived by the Company,
such waiver shall not affect the time or form of distribution of any amounts
payable under this Plan.

[emphasis added]

Incentive payments

12 On 20 July 2007, the defendant sent the plaintiff an internal
memorandum[note: 32] in which it was stated that the plaintiff was awarded a
bonus of US$400,000 for the 2006/2007 financial year, of which US$200,000 was
to be paid in cash. The remaining US$200,000 was to be deferred for a period
of three years. In accordance with the Incentive Award Plan T&Cs, part of the
remaining US$200,000 was paid in 2008. As at June 2008, US$141,894 remained
outstanding on the deferred component of the plaintiff’s bonus for the
2006/2007 financial year.[note: 33]

13 Similarly, on 24 July 2008, the defendant sent the plaintiff an internal
memorandum.[note: 34] The internal memorandum stated that the plaintiff was
awarded a bonus of US$3,200,000 for the 2007/2008 financial year, of which
US$1,600,000 was to be paid in cash. The remaining US$1,600,000 was to be
deferred for a period of three years. The plaintiff has not received any part
of the remaining US$1,600,000.

14 As of 9 February 2011, the amount of outstanding Deferred Incentive
Payments remaining on the plaintiff’s account was US$1,741,894 excluding
accrued interest.[note: 35]

The plaintiff’s resignation and his involvement in Xangbo Global Markets Pte
Ltd

15 On 24 July 2007, the plaintiff incorporated a company known as Xangbo
Management Pte Ltd.[note: 36] Its name was later changed to Xangbo Global
Markets Pte Ltd (“Xangbo”). The parties initially disputed the nature of
Xangbo’s business and the precise date when Xangbo began operations.

16 On 4 November 2008, the plaintiff gave notice of his resignation. The
defendant accepted the plaintiff’s resignation on 27 November 2008.[note: 37]
The defendant claimed that the plaintiff in setting up a competing business in
Xangbo had breached the Forfeiture Provision and hence was not entitled to the
balance Deferred Incentive Payments.

Originating Summons No 103 of 2011

17 The plaintiff brought this action, Originating Summons No 103 of 2011 (“OS
103/2011”), to seek the following relief:[note: 38]

(a) A declaration that the Forfeiture Provision is void and an order that the
Forfeiture Provision be severed from the Incentive Award Plan T&Cs.

(b) Payment of the sum of US$1,741,894.

(c) Contractual interest on the above sum.

Application to convert OS 103/2011 into a writ action

18 The defendant had applied to convert OS 103/2011 into a writ action (“the
conversion application”) on the ground that there are substantial disputes of
fact material to the resolution of OS 103/2011. As explained above, initially
there were disputes about the precise role of the plaintiff within the
defendant and the nature of the TSF business. However in the course of the
oral arguments during the conversion application, Mr Jeyaretnam SC made the
following concessions:

(a) The plaintiff, in setting up Xangbo, had acted in breach of the Forfeiture
Provision.

(b) The defendant’s TSF business is non-generic, _ie_ , proprietary.

(c) The defendant’s TSF business involved financial institutions and trading
partners all over the world.

(d) The plaintiff’s role in the defendant’s TSF business was as an “initiator”
or “structurer”.

19 Arising from the above concessions, Mr Jeyaretnam SC accepted that the
plaintiff’s claim for the sum of US$1,741,894 was sought _solely_ as a
consequence of his prayer for a declaration that the Forfeiture Provision is
void and severable. Mr Jeyaretnam SC further accepted that if that prayer is
dismissed, this action should likewise be dismissed in its entirety.[note: 39]
Mr Jeyaretnam SC also conceded that, for the purpose of this action, any
factual disputes are to be resolved in favour of the defendant provided that
the defendant has some evidential basis to support its allegations. Without
the above concessions by the plaintiff, it would not have been appropriate to
determine the dispute by way of OS 103/2011. Given the concessions by the
plaintiff, the defendant’s application to convert OS 103/2011 into a writ
action was rendered moot and on that basis, I proceeded to hear OS 103/2011
which ultimately centres on the legal effect of the Forfeiture Provision.

Issues

20 From the above summary, the following discrete questions of law arise for
this court’s determination:

(a) Is the Forfeiture Provision in substance a restraint of trade?

(b) If so, is the restraint imposed by the Forfeiture Provision reasonable and
if not, can it be severed from the Incentive Award Plan T&Cs?

(c) Are the Deferred Incentive Payments nevertheless not payable because the
obligation to make those payments is not supported by any consideration?

Is the Forfeiture Provision a restraint of trade clause?

21 At the outset, it would be useful to explain the three types of clauses
that will feature in this decision. The common denominator of the three
clauses is that they all arguably _appear_ to provide for some form of
restriction on competing with the employer following the termination of
employment.

(a) The first type of clause features a promise by the employee not to compete
with his employer (“Traditional ROT Clauses”). Clause 3 of the Non-Compete
Agreement is a Traditional ROT Clause (see [8], above).

(b) The second type of clause involves the forfeiture of certain benefits if
the employee competes with his employer (“Forfeiture-for-Competition
Clauses”). The Forfeiture Provision is a Forfeiture-for-Competition Clause.

(c) The third type of clause forfeits benefits if the employee resigns
(“Payment-for-Loyalty Clauses”). Payment-for-Loyalty Clauses provide for the
forfeiture of benefits _even if_ the employee _does not compete_ with the
employer upon his resignation.

22 As will be apparent when the authorities are examined below, while
Forfeiture-for-Competition Clauses are largely treated in the same vein as
Traditional ROT Clauses, the same is not true in the case of Payment-for-
Loyalty Clauses. Since the development of the doctrine of restraint of trade
was founded on public policy considerations, it might be apposite to begin the
analysis by revisiting the _raison d’_ ê _tre_ for the doctrine in order to
understand whether there is a rational reason why public policy considerations
would be engaged in the case of Forfeiture-for-Competition Clauses but not
Payment-for-Loyalty Clauses.

The genesis of the restraint of trade doctrine

23 A concise description of the genesis and historical development of the
doctrine may be found in Edwin Peel, _Treitel: The Law of Contract_ , (Sweet &
Maxwell, 13th Ed, 2011) (“ _Treitel_ ”) at paras 11-062–11-063, where the
author explains that the doctrine once held that contracts in restraint of
trade were wholly void; in time, however, courts began to uphold restraints of
trade if they were reasonable:

Contracts which prevent or regulate business competition were **_at one time
regarded as invariably void_** ; and persons who made them were even
threatened with imprisonment. But it came to be recognised that this
**_inflexible attitude might defeat its own ends_**. A **_master might be
reluctant to employ and train apprentices_** if he could not to some extent
restrain them from competing with him after the end of their apprenticeship.
And a trader might be unable to sell the business he had built up if he could
not bind himself not to compete with the purchaser. The courts therefore began
to uphold contracts in restraint of trade, and in 1711 the subject was
reviewed in _Mitchel v Reynolds_. The effect of that case, as interpreted in
later decisions, was that a **_restraint was prima facie valid if it was
supported by adequate consideration and was not general_** — i.e. did not
extend over the whole Kingdom.

… Since then, the law has changed in three respects. First, restraints are no
longer prima facie valid; they are prima facie void but can be justified if
they are reasonable and not contrary to the public interest. Secondly, it is
no longer essential that the consideration should be adequate, “though … the
quantum of the consideration may enter into the question of the reasonableness
of the agreement”. Thirdly, the rule that a restraint must not be general no
longer applies. …

[emphasis added in bold italics]

The public policy underlying the restraint of trade doctrine

24 The Court of Appeal in _Man Financial (S) Pte Ltd (formerly known as E D &
F Man International (S) Pte Ltd) v Wong Bark Chuan David_ [2008] 1 SLR(R) 663
(“ _Man Financial_ ”) considered the public policy underlying the restraint of
trade doctrine. The Court of Appeal held that the doctrine seeks to vindicate
the right to _freedom of trade_ , while balancing the _freedom of contract_
(_Man Financial_ at [45]). In the employment context, the policy underlying
the doctrine is the interest of the individual _and_ the state in the free
flow of expertise (_ibid_.). It would be useful to set out the relevant
paragraph in _Man Financial_ :

_The public policy underlying the doctrine of restraint of trade_

45 The _first_ of the aforesaid aspects of public policy (_viz_ , that
relating to the doctrine of restraint of trade) is a clearly established one
(for convenience of exposition, we refer to it hereafter as "Public Policy
1"). This doctrine is traditionally analysed in contract textbooks under the
rubric of "illegality and public policy". More specifically, the doctrine
seeks to vindicate the legal right to freedom of trade while balancing, at the
same time, the countervailing doctrine of freedom of contract. It remains the
law, however, that covenants that fall foul of the doctrine of restraint of
trade will (subject to certain conditions) be rendered unenforceable. To that
extent, the doctrine endorses (with the requisite balance) the public policy
which legally negates attempts to unreasonably proscribe freedom of trade.
Whilst we would _not_ go so far as to state that the doctrine of restraint of
trade _always_ applies in _every_ contractual context, we note that its
application in the context of _employment_ is _well established_. Indeed,
given the strength of the  _rationale_ for the application of this doctrine in
the employment context, it is, in our view, clear that the doctrine would
apply in this particular context _even if_ there has been _a compromise_ of
proceedings (subject to the qualification set out below (especially at [65])).
The rationale for this is "the importance of the free flow of expertise in the
context of the welfare of the country as a whole: a factor that presumably
relates to the public interest" (see  _Butterworths Common Law Series: The Law
of Contract_ (Michael Furmston gen ed) (LexisNexis, 2nd Ed, 2003)
("_Butterworths Common Law Series_ ") at para 5.117). In other words, an
individual's freedom to exercise his skills as an employee as well as the
benefit to the wider society that would ensue are, in one sense at least, two
equally important sides of the same coin. Indeed, in the leading House of
Lords decision of  _Herbert Morris, Limited v Saxelby_ [1916] 1 AC 688
("_Herbert Morris_ "), Lord Atkinson (citing the judgment of Sir W M James VC
in  _Leather Cloth Company v Lorsont_ (1869) LR 9 Eq 345 at 354) emphasised
(at 701) that every person should be at liberty to work for himself or
herself, and ought not (in principle) to deprive either himself or herself,
_or_ the State, of his or her labour, skill and talents.

[emphasis in original]

25 Another statement of the policy which aptly captures the balance that the
doctrine seeks to strike may be found in a passage in _Leather Cloth Company v
Lorsont_ (1869) LR 9 Eq 345 at 354 which Lord Atkinson in _Herbert Morris,
Limited v Saxelby_ [1916] 1 AC 688 at 701 referred to and which was, in turn,
cited by the Court of Appeal in _Man Financial_ in the paragraph reproduced
above:

… Public policy requires that **_every man shall be at liberty to work for
himself, and shall not be at liberty to deprive himself or the State of his
labour, skill, or talent, by any contract that he enters into_**. On the other
hand, public policy requires that when a man has by skill or by any other
means obtained something which he wants to sell, **_he should be at liberty to
sell it in the most advantageous way in the market; and in order to enable him
to sell it advantageously in the market it is necessary that he should be able
to preclude himself from entering into competition with the purchaser_**. In
such a case the same public policy that enables him to do that does not
restrain him from alienating that which he wants to alienate, and, therefore,
enables him to enter into any stipulation however restrictive it is, provided
that restriction in the judgment of the Court is **_not unreasonable_** ,
having regard to the subject matter of the contract.

[emphasis added in bold italics]

The above extract acknowledges that restraints can be both advantageous and
disadvantageous. Restraints are useful because they make the services of the
party sought to be restrained more marketable. At the same time, restraints
are detrimental to both the individual concerned and the state because the
free movement of skills is curtailed. In order to strike a balance between
these competing tensions, the doctrine provides that restraints are valid so
long as they are reasonable.

Cases from the UK and Australia on Forfeiture-for-Competition Clauses

26 There can be no doubt that on the face of the Forfeiture Provision, it does
not _directly_ purport to prohibit the plaintiff from joining a competitor.
However, Mr Jeyaretnam SC’s principal submission is that the Forfeiture
Provision is _in substance_ a restraint of trade clause. In support, he relies
on a series of decisions concerning Forfeiture-for-Competition Clauses. The
reasoning underlying these decisions is that, as a matter of substance, there
is no basis for distinguishing between Traditional ROT Clauses and Forfeiture-
for-Competition Clauses (see _Marshall v N M Financial Management Ltd_ [1997]
1 WLR 1527[note: 40] (“ _Marshall_ ”) at 1533B–C citing _Wyatt v Kreglinger
and Fernau_ [1933] 1 KB 793[note: 41] (“ _Wyatt_ ”); _Wyatt_ at 806–807 (_per_
Scrutton LJ), 808 (_per_ Greer LJ) and 809 (_per_ Slesser LJ); _Bull v Pitney-
Bowes Ltd_ [1967] 1 WLR 273[note: 42] (_“Pitney-Bowes_ ”) at 282D (no basis
for making such a distinction from the perspective of the public and the
rationale for the doctrine of restraint of trade); _Stenhouse Australia Ltd v
Marshall William Davidson Phillips_ [1974] WLR 134[note: 43] (“ _Stenhouse_ ”)
at 140H (_per_ Lord Wilberforce: whether a provision is in restraint of trade
is to be determined by its practical effect rather than its form); _Finnegan v
J & E Davy_ [2007] IEHC 18 (“ _Finnegan_ ”)[note: 44] (whether the clause is a
restraint of trade is to be determined by its substance and effect and not
merely its form); _Sadler v Imperial Life Assurance Co of Canada Ltd_ [1988]
IRLR 388[note: 45] (“ _Sadler_ ”) (the effect of the provision is that the
employee has to give up some freedom which he would otherwise have had)).

27 It is important to bear in mind that the mere fact that a particular clause
is found to be in restraint of trade does not _ipso facto_ render it to be
unlawful or void. If it is determined to be in restraint of trade, the
employer is required to justify its reasonableness. In the present case, the
defendant’s primary submission is that the Forfeiture Provision is not in
restraint of trade to begin with and therefore there is no requirement to
demonstrate its reasonableness. It was common ground between the parties that
if the court accepts this principal argument that the Forfeiture Provision is
not in restraint of trade, the plaintiff’s claim fails in its entirety leading
to the dismissal of OS 103/2011. Alternatively, if it is construed to be in
restraint of trade, the defendant seeks to justify its reasonableness.

28 I turn now to closely consider the UK and Australian authorities cited by
the plaintiff.

29 The very first decision where a similar forfeiture provision was considered
is _Wyatt_. The year was 1933. In that case, the employer, on retirement of
the employee, wrote to the employee to grant him a gratuitous pension payable
by monthly instalments on condition that he does not enter into the wool trade
in competition with the employer. The pension was paid to the employee for the
next 10 years and thereafter it ceased because the employer decided to reduce
its “overhead expenses”. The employee then sued the employer. One member of
the court, Scrutton LJ, found that the employer had made a gratuitous promise
which did not give rise to any legal obligation. The other judges (Greer and
Slesser LJJ) _assumed_ that the promise to pay the pension amounted to an
enforceable agreement because counsel for the employer was not asked by the
judges to address the court on whether the promise was gratuitous. All three
members of the court were in agreement, however, that the agreement was void
as being in restraint of trade. It was in this context that Scrutton LJ
observed (at 807) that:

… Now this agreement, stated in the most favourable form for the plaintiff,
namely _a stipulation by the employer that he will pay the plaintiff so much a
year if the plaintiff does not enter into the wool trade for the rest of his
life in any part of the country or world, appears to me to be a contract in
restraint of trade which is unenforceable just as much as a contract by the
employee not to trade in the wool trade for the rest of his life in any part
of the world_ , and that the country is thereby being deprived without any
legitimate justification of the services of a man of sixty years of age who is
quite competent to enter into business, because he is given leave to enter
into any kind of business other than the wool trade. …

[emphasis added]

30 _Wyatt_ is unusual in that it was the employer and _not_ the employee who
had sought to invalidate the promise as in restraint of trade. It is
interesting to note that the effect of the ruling was adverse to the employee
in that it excused the employer from paying the pension. _Wyatt_ was strongly
criticised for failing to recognise that the employee was in fact free to
enter the wool trade and that the restraint was voluntary in the sense that
the employee restrained himself in order to receive a benefit from the
pension. This criticism was contemporaneously reported in the Law Quarterly
Review ((1933) 49 LQR 465 at 466):

… It must be noted that the agreement, as construed by the Court, was not one
by which the plaintiff bound himself not to enter the wool trade for a limited
or unlimited time; he merely agreed not to compete as long as he accepted the
pension. His liberty of action was completely unfettered, for, at any moment,
he might refuse the pension and return to the trade. Why then did the Court
hold that the agreement was against public policy? The reason is stated as
follows by Slesser LJ at p 809: ‘It seems to me that to say to a man that he
should be deprived of a benefit if he fails to restrain himself from entering
into a particular trade, when such restraint would be a general restraint, is
just as much contrary to public policy and deprives the public of his services
as much as if he made an express covenant not to enter that trade.’ The
learned Lord Justice adds: ‘In such matters it is well to go back to
principle, and the principle is nowhere better stated than by Lord Macnaghten
in _Nordenfelt v Maxim Nordenfelt, etc Co_ [1894] AC 535, 565, where he says
this: “All interference with individual liberty of action in trading, and all
restraints of trade themselves, if there is nothing more, are contrary to
public policy, and therefore void.”’ No one can doubt that this is a correct
statement of the law, but how is it applicable to the present case? What
interference with individual liberty is there if the pensioner is at any time
free to enter the trade on giving up the pension? _The restraint at best is a
voluntary one, for the only interference with liberty is that the promisee
‘restrains himself’ (a somewhat peculiar phrase) because of the greater
benefit to be got from the pension_

[emphasis added]

31 Thereafter, this area of the law remained somewhat dormant for the next
three decades until a similar issue arose for determination in _Pitney-Bowes._
In that case, the employee had made compulsory contributions to a pension
scheme for a number of years. Later the scheme was changed whereby all
employees were entitled to pension upon retirement without having to pay any
further contributions. However, it was a term of the new pension scheme that
the employee would lose his rights and benefits to the scheme if he were
engaged in any activity that was in competition with the employer. Thesiger J
held (at 282H) that he was bound by the decision in _Wyatt_. Further he found
that the criticisms which were directed at _Wyatt_ in 1933 “were based on
conditions of employment and of the economy (within the jurisdiction of this
court) which no longer prevail.”

32 I should add that _Pitney-Bowes_ was cited with approval by the Court of
Appeal in _Man Financial_ for the proposition that “the courts will not allow
employers to achieve by _indirect_ means what they cannot otherwise do through
direct means” [emphasis in original] (see _Man Financial_ at [93]). This
uncontroversial proposition stems from the indisputable rule that the inquiry
as to whether a clause operates in restraint of trade is to be examined by
reference to substance and not form. This was eloquently articulated by the
Privy Council in _Stenhouse_ (at 140H) where Lord Wilberforce observed:

… Whether a particular provision operates in restraint of trade is to be
determined not by the form the stipulation wears, but, as the statement of the
question itself shows, by its effect in practice. …

33 I turn now to consider the decision in _Stenhouse_ which provides a useful
illustration as to when a clause which does not directly prohibit the freedom
of an employee to join a competitor could, in substance, be construed as a
restraint of trade. In _Stenhouse_ , the Managing Director of an insurance
broking company entered into an agreement with the company when he left its
employment. Clause 4 of the agreement provided that the Managing Director
would not for a period of five years solicit insurance business from the
company's clients. Clause 5 provided that in the event that any client of the
company should within a period of five years, place insurance business so that
the Managing Director received or became entitled to receive directly or
indirectly any financial benefit from the placing of such business, then he
agreed to pay to the company a one-half share of the gross commission he
received in respect of the transaction. The provision in dispute was not,
therefore, a Forfeiture-for-Competition Clause. The Privy Council rejected the
company’s argument that clause 5 was merely a provision of payment of monies
pursuant to a profit sharing agreement. Significantly, the Privy Council (at
141A) offered some guidance as to when a clause which on its face may not
appear to be in restraint of trade could in substance be construed as one:

… The clause in question here contains no direct covenant to abstain from any
kind of competition or business, but the question to be answered is whether,
in effect, _it is likely to cause the employee to refuse business which
otherwise he would take: or, looking at it in another way, whether the
existence of this provision would diminish his prospects of employment_. …

[emphasis added]

34 Next, the defendant also submitted that the English Court of Appeal in
_Marshall_ held “that a contract which made payments of commissions earned by
a self employed agent, payable post termination of an agreement, conditional
on, _inter alia_ , the agent not competing within a year of the termination,
was in restraint of trade”. This is strictly incorrect. The decision was on
appeal from the ruling of Jonathan Sumption QC sitting as a deputy High Court
Judge. Millett LJ in _Marshall_ specifically observed (at 1530E):

In relation to renewal commission the deputy judge held as follows. (1) Clause
10(g)(i) is in unreasonable restraint of trade and is void. There is no appeal
from this ruling. …

It was therefore the English High Court’s decision in _Marshall_ (see
_Marshall v N_ _M Financial Management_ [1995] 1 WLR 1461 (“ _Marshall (HC)_
”) which is more relevant for present purposes.

35 In _Marshall_ , the employee was a self-employed sales agent engaged in
selling life insurance and pension policies. A term of his contract provided
that after termination, the employee should continue to receive commission in
respect of premium payments made by investors he had previously introduced to
the company but payment of such commission was, however, stated to be
conditional on, _inter alia_ , the employee not within one year of such
termination becoming an independent intermediary or being employed by any
organisation which was in competition with the company. Sumption QC relied on
_Wyatt_ and found the clause to be in restraint of trade (see _Marshall (HC)_
at 1465):

I do not think that there can be any doubt that proviso (i) is a restraint of
trade. It has been well established since the decision of the Court of Appeal
in _Wyatt v. Kreglinger and Fernau_ [1933] 1 K.B. 793 that there is no
relevant difference between a contract that a person will not carry on a
particular trade and a contract that if he does not do so he will receive some
benefit to which he would not otherwise be entitled. Proviso (i) is a
financial incentive to the agent not to carry on business in the specified
fields. It is therefore unlawful unless it is justified as being reasonable in
the interests of the parties and in that of the public.

With respect, the above reasoning, which assumed the correctness of _Wyatt_ ,
does not add anything further to the remarks made in _Wyatt._

36 Finally, the decision in _Sadler_ likewise does not provide any further
guidance on the issue before me. In _Sadler_ , the employee was an insurance
agent who was remunerated on a commission basis payable in respect of premiums
paid during the first ten years of the policy on a reducing basis. It was a
term of the contract of employment that post-termination commission would not
be payable to the employee if he should enter into a contract of employment
with another company involved in the selling of insurance. The employee
admittedly breached it when he joined a competitor upon leaving the employment
of the company. The company refused to pay the post-termination commission and
the employee sued the company claiming that the contractual term constituted
an unlawful restraint of trade. The company in response claimed that the
clause did not deprive the employee of any freedom to join a competitor. In
allowing the claim, the English High Court found the decisions in _Wyatt_ and
_Pitney-Bowes_ to be “impossible to distinguish” and, consequently, the
financial incentive to limit the employee’s activities was found to be in
restraint of trade.

37 From the review of the cases relied on by the plaintiff, it is apparent
that, apart from _Stenhouse_ , they can be traced to the observations made in
_Wyatt_ which the subsequent cases found either to be binding or impossible to
distinguish. While it is true that this court is not bound by _Wyatt_ , it is
equally true that if the reasoning in _Wyatt_ is indeed sound, it is not
incorrect for the subsequent cases to have regarded it as “impossible to
distinguish”. My task is to evaluate from all persuasive sources whether the
reasoning in _Wyatt_ resonates with the public policy that the restraint of
trade doctrine was designed to protect.

United States cases on Forfeiture-for-Competition Clauses

38 As I had observed earlier, the legal position in the United States on this
issue is divided. Predictably, each party referred me to decisions which
supported their respective cases.

39 The first case from the United States cited by the plaintiff is _Jeffrey A_
_Z Hilligoss_** __**_v_** __**_Cargill Incorporated et al_ 2001 Minn App LEXIS
1017. As the title of the case suggests, this decision involved the
defendant’s parent company in the United States, Cargill Incorporated
(“Cargill Inc”). An employee of Cargill Inc was terminated. The employee sued,
_inter alia_ , for the unpaid amount of his deferred bonuses. The relevant
contract between the employee and Cargill Inc contained a provision similar to
the Forfeiture Provision. Cargill Inc alleged that the employee was not
entitled to the unpaid amount because he was terminated for cause and he
competed with Cargill Inc. The jury found against Cargill Inc. Cargill Inc
filed post-trial motions for judgment notwithstanding the verdict and,
alternatively, for a new trial. The court dismissed the post-trial motions.
Cargill Inc appealed, seeking, _inter alia_ , a new trial because the District
Court erred in excluding evidence of competition. The Court of Appeals of
Minnesota held that the District Court did not err in this regard because the
termination letter stated that the employee would not be paid the unpaid
amount of his deferred bonus because he was terminated for cause and not
because the employee competed against Cargill Inc. More significantly, another
reason why the District Court did not err was that the non-competition clause
was overly broad. It did not matter that the provision was in the nature of a
forfeiture rather than a prohibition (citing _Ralph S Harris v Myron R Bolin
(as Trustee of M R Bolin Advertising Public Relations Agency Inc Profit
Sharing Trust) and others_ 310 Minn 391 (“ _Harris_ ”)). The decision of the
Court of Appeals was appealed to the Supreme Court of Minnesota (see _Jeffrey
A Z Hilligoss v Cargill, Incorporated_ 649 NW2d 142). The judgment of the
Supreme Court of Minnesota dealt with different issues. It did not consider
whether the Forfeiture Provision was “overly broad”. This decision is
therefore not helpful to the key issue before me.

40 I turn next to _Harris_. In this case, an employee of an advertising firm
was entitled to share in profits. Part of his share of profits was vested. The
profit sharing plan provided that the vested portion of his profits would be
forfeited, at the trustee’s discretion, if he left the firm and joined a
competitor. The employee left the firm and the trustee forfeited his vested
share of profits. The employee sued. The Supreme Court of Minnesota held that
the District Court correctly found that the forfeiture provision in the plan
was an illegal restraint of trade (_Harris_ at 395). The court referred to an
Illinois decision and a federal decision (_Rochester Corporation v Rochester_
(1971) 450 F2d 118 (“ _Rochester_ ”)) which upheld forfeiture clauses. It
disagreed with those cases because they were “not consistent with the posture
[the Supreme Court of Minnesota] has taken in enforcing only reasonable
employee covenants not to compete” (_Harris_ at 394). The Supreme Court of
Minnesota also referred, in a footnote, to the reasoning in _Rochester_ in
which a distinction was drawn between Traditional ROT Clauses and Forfeiture-
for-Competition Clauses. The Supreme Court of Minnesota found however, that
the “purpose of both arrangements are the same” and hence they could only be
enforced if they were reasonable (_Harris_ at footnote 3). This reasoning is
reminiscent of the reasoning in the English cases that Forfeiture-for-
Competition Clauses are, in substance, restraints of trade.

41 In his reply skeletal arguments, Mr Jeyaretnam SC referred to several
additional United States cases. In _Amory H Bradford v The New York Times
Company_ (1974) 501 F2d 51, the United States Court of Appeals for the Second
Circuit (a federal appellate court applying New York state law) applied the
restraint of trade doctrine to a Forfeiture-for-Competition Clause in an
incentive plan. The incentive plan provided for the distribution of shares in
the company in 10 equal annual instalments. In the event of a breach, the
company had the sole discretion to discontinue further instalments. The court
reasoned that the relevant provision was a restraint of trade because it
limited the employee’s employment opportunities. The court did not accept the
“employee choice” doctrine because of New York’s “strong public policy”. In
any case, the court considered that the clause could not be characterised as
one which gave the employee a choice of alternative performance. The clause
was held to be a restraint of trade with a provision for liquidated damages in
the form of a forfeiture in the event of a breach.

42 The next case referred to in the plaintiff’s reply skeletal arguments is
_John J Cheney v Automatic Sprinkler Corporation of America_ (1979) 377 Mass
141 (“ _John J Cheney_ ”) where the Supreme Judicial Court of Massachusetts
applied the restraint of trade doctrine to a Forfeiture-for-Competition Clause
in a compensation plan. The compensation plan deferred a portion of the
employee’s incentive payments for a period of four years. The deferred
portions would be forfeited if the employee left the company to, _inter alia_
, compete with it. The court noted that the “majority view” in the US was that
Forfeiture-for-Competition Clauses are enforceable “without regard to the
reasonableness of the restraint”. The court nevertheless held that the
restraint of trade doctrine was applicable because of an imbalance in the
bargaining positions of parties to such agreements. This imbalance was
particularly true on the facts of the case because the Forfeiture-for-
Competition Clause was present in an annual agreement which was presented to
the employee annually. The employee’s option was to either sign the agreement
_or terminate his employment_. I pause here to note that there is no evidence
in the present case that the plaintiff was presented with such a quandary. In
fact, the evidence before me suggested that the plaintiff had the option not
to sign the Incentive Award Plan T&Cs and yet could continue in the
defendant’s employment.[note: 46] Furthermore, according to the defendant, an
employee who refused to sign the Incentive Award Plan T&Cs would still receive
the Cash Payments (_ie_ , the portion of the Incentive Award Plan which is
paid out upfront in cash – see [10], above).[note: 47]

43 In _Diane P Deming v Nationwide Mutual Insurance Company et al and other
matters_ (2006) 279 Conn 745 (“ _Diane P Deming_ ”), one of the issues that
the Supreme Court of Connecticut had to consider was whether the restraint of
trade doctrine applied to a Forfeiture-for-Competition Clause which forfeited
deferred compensation if the employee competed with the employer. The court
noted that the “majority view” is that such forfeiture provisions are not
restraints of trade (_Diane P Deming_ at 762). The majority view reasons that
the employee is not prohibited from competing. Instead, the employee is merely
denied the right to participate in a plan if he competed. Therefore, the
employee and the public are not deprived of the employee’s skills. However, a
“significant minority” of jurisdictions take the view that such provisions are
restraints of trade because the effect of the provisions is to present a
“powerful deterrent” to the employee’s right to compete (_Diane P Deming_ at
763). The court concluded that the provision “does not differ meaningfully
from a covenant not to compete”. Although the provision is not directly a
restraint of trade, the consequences of the forfeiture “enkindle[s] a
restraining influence, albeit in a subtle fashion” (_Diane P Deming_ at 768
citing _Almers v South Carolina National Bank of Charleston_ 265 SC 51).

44 In _Food Fair Stores, Inc et al v Greeley_ (1972) 264 Md 105 (“ _Food Fair
Stores_ ”), the Court of Appeals of Maryland had to consider whether a
Forfeiture-for-Competition Clause which forfeited retirement benefits was a
restraint of trade. The court held that the clause was a restraint of trade.
The court reasoned that whether the restraint is in an employment contract,
backed by legal sanctions, or by way of a forfeiture of pension benefits, the
employee is made to suffer economic loss should he breach the restrictive
covenant (see _Food Fair Stores_ at 116).

45 In _Lavey v Edwards et al and other matters_ (1973) 264 Ore 331 (“ _Lavey_
”), the Supreme Court of Oregon applied the restraint of trade doctrine to a
Forfeiture-for-Competition Clause which forfeited pension contributions by the
employer in the event that the employee competed. The reasons for the
application of the doctrine are not clear from the judgment. The court focused
on a different issue: _viz_ , whether such clauses are void _per se_ or
whether a test of reasonableness should be applied (the trial court had held
that the clauses were void as a matter of law; the Supreme Court of Oregon
remitted the case for the court to consider whether the clause was
reasonable).

46 In _Richard C Pollard v Autotote Ltd_ (1988) 852 F2d 67 (“ _Richard C
Pollard_ ”), the United States Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit (a
federal appellate court applying Delaware state law) had to consider whether a
Forfeiture-for-Competition Clause which forfeited deferred management
incentive payments in the event of competition was enforceable. The trial
court had granted summary judgment in favour of the employer. Since there was
no Delaware case law on point, the court had to predict what a Delaware court
would have done in construing such a Forfeiture-for-Competition Clause. The
court held that Delaware courts would subject such clauses to a reasonableness
standard. Delaware courts would have applied the reasonableness standard to
covenants not to compete. Since covenants not to compete are similar to
Forfeiture-for-Competition Clauses (because both types of clauses restrict the
employee’s freedom to choose alternative employment), the court held that
Delaware courts would have also subjected Forfeiture-for-Competition Clauses
to the same standard (_Richard C Pollard_ at 71). Since it was not clear
whether the Forfeiture-for-Competition Clause was reasonable, the court
reversed the grant of summary judgment and remitted the matter for a trial.

47 In _Securitas Security Services USA, Inc v Kenneth Jenkins_ (2003) 16 Mass
L Rep 486, the Superior Court of Massachusetts held that under Massachusetts
law, courts must apply a reasonableness standard to Forfeiture-for-Competition
Clauses. The court did not, however, engage in any discussion as to why the
restraint of trade doctrine applies to such clauses.

48 The final United States case that the plaintiff referred me to was _Gene W
Sheppard v Blackstock Lumber Company Inc_ (1975) 85 Wn2d 929 (“ _Gene W
Sheppard_ ”), where the Supreme Court of Washington had to determine the
enforceability of a Forfeiture-for-Competition Clause which forfeited an
employee’s undrawn share in a profit-sharing retirement plan in the event that
he competed with the employer. The trial court granted the employer summary
judgment. The court held that a reasonableness test applied because the clause
had an “inhibitive influence on an employee’s decision whether to accept a new
job” (_Gene W Sheppard_ at 932). The court also noted that the new employment
would, oftentimes, not compensate the employee for his loss of benefits
(_ibid_). The court remitted the matter for a trial in the lower courts.

49 I turn now to the United States cases cited by the defendant. The first is
_Richard Fraser d/b/a R A Fraser Agency and another v Nationwide Mutual
Insurance Co et al_ (2004) 334 F Supp 2d 755 (“ _Richard Fraser_ ”) where the
District Court for the Eastern District of Pennsylvania (a federal court) had
to consider whether a Forfeiture-for-Competition Clause which forfeited an
insurance agent’s deferred compensation due to his competition with his former
employer was a restraint of trade under Pennsylvania law. The court reasoned
that the clause allowed the agent to _choose_ whether to compete. As a
“rational actor”, the agent must have weighed the costs and benefits of each
option (_Richard Fraser_ at 760). As will be seen, this reasoning is often
repeated in the United States cases cited by the defendant. I shall refer to
this reasoning as “the Employee Choice Rationale”.

50 The next case cited by the defendant is _John W Johnson v MPR Associates
Inc_ (1994) 894 F Supp 255 (“ _John W Johnson_ ”) which concerned a provision
in an employee stock transfer agreement under which employees received shares
in their employer. The stock transfer agreement contained a Forfeiture-for-
Competition Clause which required the employee to tender his shares if he
joined a competitor. The District Court for the Eastern District of Virginia
(a federal court) held that the provision was _not_ a restraint of trade. The
court reasoned that the provision only denied the employee of a benefit. The
provision did not prohibit competition (_John W Johnson_ at 257, citing
_Rochester_). This is another way of saying that the employee had a choice to
compete, albeit that the choice carried with it a denial of a benefit. The
court’s reasoning is therefore, in substance, an application of the Employee
Choice Rationale.

51 In _Milton J Kristt_ _(Individually and as a Representative under a Deed of
Trust) v John J Whelan et al (as Trustees under a Deed of Trust)_ (1957) 4
AD2d 195 (“ _Milton J Kristt_ ”), a company set up a trust. The plaintiff, an
employee, was given an interest in the trust. The trust deed was amended to
provide that the trustees, upon the request of the company, were to forfeit
the interest of a beneficiary if that beneficiary competed with the company.
The plaintiff terminated his employment with the company and competed with it.
His trust interests were then forfeited. The Supreme Court of New York
Appellate Division (this is an intermediate court) held that the amendment to
the trust was not contrary to public policy and did not restrain competition.
The employee was not barred from competing. He had a choice (_Milton J Kristt_
at 199). This is another application of the Employee Choice Rationale.

52 Finally, in _Rochester_ , a decision referred to in _Harris_ (see [40],
above), the Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit (a federal appellate
court) had to consider whether a provision in a retirement plan which
forfeited pension benefits if the employee competed was a restraint of trade
under Virginia law. The court held that the forfeiture was _not_ a restraint
of trade because the employee was not prohibited from competing. He was merely
denied the right to participate in the retirement plan (_Rochester_ at 123).
Again, this is, in substance, an application of the Employee Choice Rationale.

53 The following points have emerged from my analysis of the relevant United
States cases:

(a) The cases holding that the restraint of trade doctrine applies to
Forfeiture-for-Competition Clauses generally apply the English reasoning that
the clauses are, in substance, restraints of trade because their effect is the
curtailment of competition (see _Harris_ , _Diane P Deming, Food Fair Stores_
, _Richard C Pollard_ and _Gene W Sheppard_). One case, _John J Cheney_ (see
[42] above), refers to the imbalance in bargaining power between employer and
employee as a justification for the application of the doctrine. I note,
however, that this reasoning seems to have been prompted by the particularly
harsh circumstances in that case: the employee had to either accept the
agreement containing the Forfeiture-for-Competition Clause or terminate his
employment. As I have noted above (see [42]), there is no evidence that the
plaintiff faced a similar situation in this case.

(b) The cases that determined that the doctrine does not apply typically adopt
the Employee Choice Rationale, _viz_ , that the employee has a choice in
determining whether he wants to compete and, as a rational actor, is presumed
to have weighed the costs and benefits of competing with his former employer.

54 To conclude this discussion on the position in the United States, I should
say that the _majority view_ in the United States is that the restraint of
trade doctrine does _not_ apply to Forfeiture-for-Competition Clauses, as one
of the leading treatises on contract law in the United States notes (_Corbin
on Contracts_ vol 15 (LexisNexis, 2003) (“ _Corbin on Contracts_ ”) at
§80.25):

**Conditions in Restraint of Competition**

In contrast to conditions applying to a covenant not to compete that a court
must judge by the reasonableness standard, conditions not applying to a
covenant not to compete need not be tested by a reasonableness analysis,
though there may be anticompetitive effect. A typical scenario is as follows:
A sells the business to B, receiving $100,000 in cash and also B’s promise to
pay to A an annuity of $5,000 as long as A forbears to open a business in
competition. A has made no promise of any kind, neither a promise not to open
a business nor a promise to pay money conditional on such an opening. Yet the
transaction has a restraining influence. B’s promise of an annuity,
conditional on forbearance to open a business, tends to restrain A from
competition.

Given this restraining effect, one might expect courts to analyze these
arrangements as restraints on competition, which must be reasonable to be
enforced. _The majority of courts addressing the issue, however, automatically
uphold anticompetitive conditions in this context without regard to
reasonableness, applying an employee-choice doctrine._ In the typical
scenario, an employer provides a _deferred compensation plan_ for certain
employees. An employee covered by the plan receives deferred compensation in
accordance with the plan unless that employee competes against the employer in
some specified way. If the employee participates in prohibited activity, that
employee forfeits the deferred compensation. In cases involving this scenario,
courts refuse to subject the arrangement to a reasonableness analysis because
the forfeiture does not prevent the employee from competing. Rather, the
employee has the choice of competing or keeping the deferred compensation
benefits. _As one court has stated: “The provision for forfeiture here
involved did not bar plaintiff from other employment. He had the choice of
preserving his rights under the trust by refraining from competition with [his
employer] … or risk forfeiture of such rights by exercising his right to
compete with [the employer].”_ While some courts note that these conditions
are part of a compensation or pension plan rather than a part of an employment
agreement and thus courts should treat them differently, one court has
admitted that the “divestiture provision in the Plan operates as a short term
(six month) covenant not to compete.”

[emphasis added]

In fact, some of the cases I have referred to above have also noted that the
majority position in the United States is that the restraint of trade doctrine
does _not_ apply to Forfeiture-for-Competition Clauses (see _John J Cheney_ ,
above at [42] and _Diane P Deming_ , above at [43]).

Academic views and commentary

55 The leading textbooks on English contract law do not question the
correctness of the view in cases such as _Wyatt_ and _Pitney-Bowes_ that the
Forfeiture-for-Competition Clauses are restraints of trade (see _Butterworths
Common Law Series: The Law of Contract_ (Michael Furmston gen ed) (LexisNexis,
4th Ed, 2010) (“ _Butterworths_ ”) at para 5.12 (“…the courts will not allow
employers to achieve by _indirect_ means what they could not otherwise have
obtained by direct means”; citing _Pitney-Bowes_); _Treitel_ at para 11-083
(“[t]he restraint of trade doctrine may apply where the terms of the contract
provide a party with a financial incentive not to compete, even though he
makes no actual promise to do so…”; citing _Wyatt_); and M.P. Furmston (ed)
_Chesire, Fifoot and Furmston’s Law of Contract_ (Oxford University Press,
15th Ed, 2006) at p 531 (“[t]he courts are astute to prevent an employer from
obtaining by indirect means a protection against competition that would not be
available to him by an express contract with his employee”; citing _Pitney-
Bowes_)). It should be noted that _Chitty on Contracts_ (Sweet & Maxwell, 30th
Ed, 2008) and Sir Jack Beatson _et al, Anson’s Law of Contract_ (Oxford
University Press, 29th Ed, 2010) do not expressly consider whether Forfeiture-
for-Competition Clauses are restraints of trade although both treatises cite
_Wyatt_.

56 I should mention that there are articles from the UK which support the view
that Forfeiture-for-Competition Clauses are, in substance, restraints of trade
(Stephen A Smith, “Reconstructing Restraint of Trade” (1995) 15 Oxford Journal
of Legal Studies 565 at 568 and K L Koh, “Pension Funds and Restraint of
Trade” (1967) 30 Modern Law Review 587 at 589).

The Court’s analysis

57 From the above review of the cases from the various jurisdictions as well
as academic commentaries, it appears to me that my decision would ultimately
depend on whether I regard the Forfeiture Provision as in substance a
restraint of trade or whether I am persuaded by the Employee Choice Rationale.
In addressing the issue of whether the Forfeiture Provision was in substance a
restraint of trade, it is crucial not to lose sight of the public policy
considerations which engendered the doctrine in the first place.

58 On its face, Forfeiture-for-Competition Clauses do not _prohibit_ the
employee from competing with the employer. Instead they operate as a
_financial disincentive_ for the employee to compete after he leaves the
employer. If the plaintiff decides to compete upon leaving the employment of
the defendant with full knowledge of the financial disincentive, _ie_ , the
forfeiture of his Deferred Incentive Award, then he would have made a
calculated business decision that he would nonetheless be better off
financially working for a competitor. In other words, he would have evaluated
the detriment of losing the deferred bonus against the gain in joining the
competitor. As aptly observed in the case cited in the extract from _Corbin on
Contracts_ reproduced above (see [54] above) the plaintiff had the choice of
preserving his rights under the Incentive Award Plan by refraining from
competition with the defendant or risk forfeiture of his deferred bonus by
exercising his right to compete. It seems to me that there is no compelling
public policy that requires the court to intervene to hold the Forfeiture
Provision as in restraint of trade when in truth there was no restraint in
form or substance to speak of. The plaintiff was completely at liberty to
compete with the defendant and had in fact done so when he set up a competing
business in Xangbo. There is therefore no question of society being deprived
of his skill and competency which is the cornerstone behind the restraint of
trade doctrine. I should add that a similar argument was raised and apparently
rejected in _Finnegan_ (a case cited by the plaintiff – see [26], above) where
the employer sought to unilaterally and retrospectively amend the employee’s
entitlement to bonus by deferring the payment of a substantial portion of the
bonus provided the employee did not in the meantime join a competitor. The
right to defer the payment was challenged on the basis that the amendment had
no legal effect since the employee was not given any notice and alternatively
it operated as an unreasonable restraint of trade. Smyth J made several
factual findings, in particular that the employee had a legitimate and
reasonable expectation to bonus payments depending on the performance of the
company and the employee and, more importantly, that the employee had _not_
agreed to the deferral of the bonus payments. It was argued by the company
that the deferral payments were primarily an “economic disincentive or
discouragement from leaving, or put positively, providing an economic
incentive to stay with the Defendant company.” The argument was however
rejected by Smyth J (at p 8 of the LexisNexis transcript) where he remarked:

… I am unable to accept this submission.

In my judgment there was, on the evidence, n _o genuine proprietary interest
of Davys that required the imposition of the provision imposed upon the
Plaintiff_. Costelloe J. (as he then was) said in John Orr Ltd. -v- Orr [1987]
ILRM702 as follows:-

“All restraints of trade in the absence of special justifying circumstances
are contrary to public policy and are therefore void. A restraint may be
justified if it is reasonable in the interests of the contracting parties and
in the interests of the public. The onus of showing that a restraint is
reasonable between the parties rests on the person alleging that it is so.
Greater freedom of contract is allowable in a covenant entered into between a
seller and a buyer of a business than in the case of one entered into between
an employer and an employee. A covenant against competition entered into by
the seller of a business which is reasonably necessary to protect the business
sold is valid and enforceable. A covenant by an employee not to compete may
also be valid and enforceable if it is reasonably necessary to protect some
proprietary interest of the covenantee such as may exist in a trade connection
or trade secrets. The Court may in certain circumstances enforce a covenant in
restraint of trade even though taken as a whole the covenant exceeds what was
reasonable while the severance of the void parts from the valid parts.”

[emphasis added]

59 From the judgment, it was not entirely clear why the argument was rejected
by Smyth J. In the next paragraph of his judgment, he proceeded to find that
there was no proprietary interest which justified protection. To the extent
that the submission was rejected on the basis that there was no proprietary
interest to be protected, with respect, I am unable to follow the reasoning
since the issue as to the presence or absence of a proprietary interest only
comes into play _after_ the clause has been found to be in restraint of trade.
In my view, a finding that there was no genuine proprietary interest that
required protection has no bearing to the _prior_ question as to whether the
deferred payment was merely an economic incentive to stay with the company.
Having said that, it might well be that the finding on the absence of any
proprietary interest was unrelated to the rejection of the submission and if
so, then it is unclear to me why it was rejected. Ultimately the decision was
undoubtedly correct in that the employee had not agreed to the deferred
payment scheme which was found to have been unilaterally and retrospectively
imposed on the employee. Smyth J recognised (at p 6 of the LexisNexis
transcript) that the position might well be different if the employee had
agreed to the deferred payment scheme:

… In _Horkulak_ [_ie_ ,_Horkulak v Cantor Fitzgerald International_ [2005] 1
CR 402] the particular bonus scheme had a number of features that may be
common in some respects to the Defendant's bonus scheme. In particular, the
Cantor Fitzgerald scheme (as did the Defendant's) contained a proviso that the
employee continued to be employed at the payment date of the bonus, which was
deferred for a period after its determination. _In my judgment this is clearly
distinguishable from the instant case because Horkulak's contract was (a) in
writing and (b) the term was known to him and it was known to him from the
outset._

[emphasis added]

60 The Forfeiture Provision, in my view, merely contractually defines when the
plaintiff loses his entitlement to the Deferred Incentive Payments. Adopting
the test laid down in _Stenhouse_ , the Forfeiture Provision was not likely to
cause the plaintiff “ _to refuse business which otherwise he would take_ ” or,
“ _would diminish his prospects of employment_ ” (see [33] above). Unlike the
employee in _Finnegan_ , the plaintiff specifically agreed to abide by the
terms of the Incentive Award Plan T&Cs. He had a _choice_ not to accept the
Incentive Award Plan T&Cs which is separate and distinct from the Employment
Contract and had a _further choice_ having agreed to the Incentive Award Plan
T&Cs to compete with the defendant after leaving the defendant’s employment.
The only consequence from the exercise of his choice to compete is that he has
to be held to his bargain in forgoing his Deferred Incentive Payments. In the
words of counsel for the defendant, Ms Blossom Hing (“Ms Hing”), the plaintiff
simply cannot “have his cake and eat it too.” Employees such as the plaintiff
would presumably have acted rationally by weighing the benefit of competitive
employment against the cost of forfeiture.

61 It is imperative not to lose sight that the doctrine of restraint of trade
entails a balancing exercise between two competing rights, _ie_ , freedom of
trade and freedom of contract (see [24], above). To hold the Forfeiture
Provision as in substance a restraint of trade would attach unjustifiable
weight to the right of freedom of trade at the expense of the equally
important countervailing right of freedom of contract. Employers also deserve
some protection from opportunistic employees. Just to be clear, there is
nothing wrong for an employee to be opportunistic. By the same token, there is
nothing wrong in the employer forfeiting the deferred bonus in accordance with
the contract when the employee, acting in his self-interest, exercises his
right to pursue new and better opportunities.

62 Further, it is not unreasonable to expect highly qualified employees like
the plaintiff to negotiate with their new employers to compensate them for the
loss of such deferred bonus as a condition for joining them. Although this
point does not arise in this case because the plaintiff had set up a competing
business instead of joining a competitor, it is nonetheless a relevant factor
to bear in mind when deciding whether the public policy considerations are
engaged in the first place. This was in fact specifically highlighted in
_Hairman v FileNET_ _Corporation Pty Ltd_ [2001] NSWIRComm 318 (“ _Hairman_ ”)
(which is discussed below at [68]) where the New South Wales Industrial
Relations Commission observed at [129] that “the loss of such an inducement
can even enable an employee headhunted by another employer, to negotiate more
favourable terms in the new employment”. If the new employer is prepared to do
so then there would be no loss to the employee. But if the new employer is not
prepared to do so and yet the employee elects to exercise his right to compete
by joining the competitor, then he should bear the full financial consequences
of his informed decision. There is nothing inherently unfair with such an
outcome. Accordingly, I hold that the Forfeiture Provision was neither in form
nor in substance in restraint of trade.

63 I should add for completeness that the amount of deferred bonus to be
forfeited is not relevant to the inquiry whether the Forfeiture Provision was
in restraint of trade. In this case, the outstanding Deferred Incentive
Payment is US$1,741,894 which is a substantial sum. The amount would, however,
be a relevant consideration in determining its reasonableness if it was found
to be in restraint of trade.

64 In arriving at my decision that the Forfeiture Provision was not in
restraint of trade, I am also persuaded by decisions on Payment-for-Loyalty
Clauses that ruled that they are not in restraint of trade. I now turn my
attention to examine those decisions.

Payment-for-Loyalty Clauses

65 Payment-for-Loyalty Clauses have consistently been upheld by the courts in
the UK and Australia as not being in restraint of trade. It is relevant to
point out that the validity of such clauses was challenged on those occasions
on the premise that such clauses were in substance in restraint of trade.
However, on every such challenge, the courts have consistently rejected the
argument. On the other hand, in the cases concerning Forfeiture-for-
Competition Clauses, the cases involving Payment-for-Loyalty Clauses were not
cited in aid of the argument that such clauses (_ie_ , Forfeiture-for-
Competition Clauses) were not in restraint of trade.

66 The reasoning behind the courts’ decisions upholding Payment-for-Loyalty
Clauses can be gleaned from the following cases. In _Peninsula Business
Services Ltd v Sweeney_ (2003) EAT/1096/02/SM (“ _Peninsula_ ”), it was an
express term of the employment contract that sales representatives would only
be paid their commission at the end of the calendar month when the commission
payment would normally become payable and provided that the sales
representative is still in the employment of the company at the end of the
calendar month when the commission would normally become payable. The UK
Employment Tribunal found, _inter alia_ , that the clause amounted to a
restraint of trade. On appeal by the company, the UK Employment Appeal
Tribunal disagreed and held at [42] and [44]:

42 … We do not consider it seriously arguable that the commission penalty that
Mr Sweeney [_ie_ , the sales representative] suffered on resignation arose
under a contractual term involving an unlawful restraint of trade. _His
employment contract did not impose any restraint on him as to whom he might
work for, or what he might do, after leaving Peninsula_...

...

44 … We hold that nothing in section B was void as being in restraint of
trade.

[emphasis added]

67 Similarly in _Tullet_ _Prebon plc and others v BGC Brokers LP and others_
[2010] EWHC 484, the court was asked to rule whether a contractual provision
which required the brokers to return retention payments when the brokers left
the employment within a certain period of time was in restraint of trade. The
court in refusing to treat such provisions as in restraint of trade observed
at [267]:

The provisions which provide for the repayment of signing or retention
payments where the employee does not serve out the full term are not
provisions in restraint of trade. _They do not affect the employees’ ability
to work after leaving._ They are substantial sums paid to highly paid
employees as a reward for loyalty.

[emphasis added]

68 I turn now to two Australian authorities considering Payment-for-Loyalty
Clauses. The first is _Hairman_ , which is not, strictly, a case on restraint
of trade. In _Hairman_ , the employee’s remuneration comprised a mix of salary
as well as commission payments under a sales incentive plan. Like the present
case, the sales incentive plan was updated annually and the employee was
required to accept the terms in writing which would entitle the employee to
receive 55 per cent of the commission upon booking of the order and the
balance 45 per cent upon payment by the customer provided the employee
remained in employment. In _Hairman_ , the employee who left the employment
sought to recover the balance 45 per cent commission by challenging the sales
incentive plan as being unfair under s 106 of the Industrial Relations Act
1996 (No 17 of 1996) (NSW) (“the NSW Act”). One of the arguments raised by the
employee was that the commission scheme was unfair because it had the effect
of restraining employees from leaving employment (see _Hairman_ at [49]).
Again, like the present case, the employee received part payment of the
commission, _ie_ , the 55 per cent commission upon booking the order. The New
South Wales Industrial Relations Commission found that the clause which
forfeited the balance commission upon resignation was not a restraint. It is
not clear from the commission’s opinion whether this was an argument that the
clause was a restraint _of trade_ attracting the application of the _restraint
of trade doctrine_ or a _general argument_ that the clause was unfair because
it restrained the employee. The following passage from _Hairman_ at
[128]–[129] is, however, worth noting:

128 While it was complained that the result was that the scheme acted as a
restraint on employees leaving the respondent's employ, the fact is that
restraints are commonplace in employment and other kinds of relationships.
Remuneration itself is often structured so as to include attraction and
retention payments, as well as payment for the actual work performed. Other
conditions also often contain such elements. The decision of the Full Court in
_Westfield Limited & Anor v Helprin_ (unreported; Cahill VP, Hungerford and
Schmidt JJ; 23 March 1997) was an example of such an approach, in that case
adopted in connection with an option scheme. Another common and even more
direct approach to achieving similar ends, is those agreements which provide
for a fixed term contract of employment.

129 Designing a remuneration package with retention of employees as one aim is
not inherently unfair, indeed it is commonplace and to the advantage of many
employees, who thereby gain access to advantageous conditions, otherwise not
available to them. An inducement provided by an employment contract to remain
in employment for a time, does not preclude an employee resigning, if he or
she wishes. As in this case, the loss of such an inducement can even enable an
employee headhunted by another employer, to negotiate more favourable terms in
the new employment.

69 In the second Australian authority cited by Ms Hing, however, it is clear
that the New South Wales Industrial Relations Commission was concerned with an
argument that the clause in question was a restraint _of trade_ , albeit that
the argument was, again, made in the context of an application for relief
under s 106 of the NSW Act on the ground that the relevant contract of
employment was unfair. In _Rick Lloyd v Commonwealth Bank of Australia Ltd_
[2006] NSWIRComm 129 (“ _Lloyd_ ”), the commission was faced with the
forfeiture of a deferred bonus upon the employee’s resignation from
employment. One of the arguments raised by the employee was that the
forfeiture was in restraint of trade (see _Lloyd_ at [56]). In rejecting the
reliance on the restraint of trade doctrine, the court attached significance
to the fact that the employee was paid a substantial portion of his
performance based bonus upon completion of the review and that he was fully
aware of the financial consequences to the deferred bonus upon resignation.
The commission therefore arrived at the conclusion that such an arrangement
did not have a coercive effect or fetter on the employee’s ability to find
alternative work in the same industry (see _Lloyd_ at [101]–[103]):

101 In the present circumstances the actual clause the subject of the
allegation of restraint concerns the conditions of the bonus scheme imported
into the contracts of employment or arrangement dealing with the payment of
deferred performance-based bonuses, namely continued satisfactory performance
and continued employment. Whether that clause constituted a restraint falls to
be decided by reference to the particular circumstances applicable to both
parties.

102 These circumstances reveal that the applicant was not precluded from
seeking employment with ABN Amro. There was no evidence led during the course
of proceedings which might suggest that the position at ABN Amro did not
entail skills and responsibility commensurate with the applicant's position at
the respondent bank. The new position also paid a comparable salary. _The
applicant was aware at all times of the likely consequences of resignation_.
It was commonplace for an employee to forfeit unvested components of a bonus
in the event of resignation as attested to by Mr McAuley in his affidavit. The
respondent's retention policy was, and is, also commonplace within the banking
and finance industry and known and understood as such by the applicant.
Notwithstanding that a significant proportion of the applicant's performance-
based bonuses stood to be forfeited in the event of resignation the applicant
was remunerated by means of his fixed salary. In addition the applicant
consistently received in excess of half of his performance based bonuses
immediately upon completion of his yearly performance reviews. This factor
alone substantially mitigates the impact of any binding or coercive effect
that the conditions attaching to the payment of the deferred bonuses may have
otherwise had on the applicant.

103 Based on the circumstances applicable to the applicant's situation I have
some doubt that the offending clause as characterised constituted a restraint
of trade. _It is difficult to see how, in all the circumstances the clause had
a coercive effect on the applicant or acted as a fetter on his ability to seek
and obtain other employment within the same industry_. Even if it were to be
construed as a restraint of trade I would nevertheless find, based on the same
circumstances as outlined above, that the clause was reasonable: see
_Prudential Assurance Co v Rodrigues_ at 57.

[emphasis added]

70 It is apparent that in order for an employee to receive and retain a bonus
under a Payment-for-Loyalty Clause, the employee would not be able to work for
anyone else and that must necessarily include a competitor. In that sense as
argued by Ms Hing, Payment-for-Loyalty Clauses have a more overreaching effect
than Forfeiture-for-Competition Clauses. Viewed in this context, it can be
said that _in substance_ , Payment-for-Loyalty Clauses are similar to
Forfeiture-for-Competition Clauses. The reason why Payment-for-Loyalty Clauses
are not construed as in restraint of trade is simply because they do not _in
substance_ deprive the employee of his right to work for a competitor. All it
does is to provide a financial disincentive to an employee if he chooses to
breach the condition in the Payment-for-Loyalty Clauses. As there is _in
substance_ no difference between the two types of clauses, in my view, there
can be no rational justification to treat Forfeiture-for-Competition Clauses
any differently from Payment-for-Loyalty Clauses.

71 In arriving at my decision, I did consider the point that Forfeiture-for-
Competition Clauses appear to be targeted at the employee joining a competitor
whereas Payment-for-Loyalty Clauses appear to promote the employee’s loyalty
and retention as its main objective. However in my view, it would be naive to
believe that Payment-for-Loyalty Clauses are not directed to prevent employees
from joining competitors. After all, the principal purpose in promoting
retention and loyalty is to ensure that the employees do not join the
competitor by remaining in its employment.

72 In response to the cases considering Payment-for-Loyalty Clauses, Mr
Jeyaretnam SC made three submissions. First, they do not appear to have been
“rigorously challenged”. That is a matter of opinion. Admittedly, the
decisions on Payment-for-Loyalty Clauses that Ms Hing referred me to were not
decisions of apex courts. One thing is however clear. At least the validity of
Payment-for-Loyalty Clauses was tested against the restraint of trade
doctrine. However in the case of Forfeiture-for-Competition Clauses, the
decisions upholding the validity of Payment-for-Loyalty Clauses do not appear
to have been considered or even cited. Secondly, the time between the
declaration of bonus and the payment in cases involving Payment-for-Loyalty
Clauses is typically short. This point is neither here nor there. It would be
relevant in the inquiry as to its reasonableness after it has been determined
to be in restraint of trade. Thirdly, Forfeiture-for-Competition Clauses are
even worse than Payment-for-Loyalty Clauses in that “if the employee remains
employed, with his bonus deferred, at least he continues to be economically
productive.” I do not quite understand this argument. An employee who is
subjected to a Payment-for-Loyalty Clause can also be economically productive
if he remains employed except that he or she would forfeit the deferred bonus
upon resignation unlike the case under a Forfeiture-for-Competition Clause.
However it cannot be seriously contended that a Forfeiture-for-Competition
Clause is more restrictive than a Payment-for-Loyalty Clause. A Payment-for-
Loyalty Clause provides for forfeiture regardless of whether the employee
competes. In any case, the issue is not which of the two clauses is worse or
better than the other but whether the public policy considerations relating to
the restraint of trade doctrine are engaged in either Payment-for-Loyalty
Clauses or Forfeiture-for-Competition Clauses. I have found that it did not
apply to either of the clauses.

73 In the light of my decision that the Forfeiture Provision was not in
restraint of trade, it would follow from Mr Jeyaretnam SC’s concession that OS
103/2011 should be dismissed in its entirety. As such there is strictly no
necessity for me to consider the remaining issues on the reasonableness of the
Forfeiture Provision or whether the Deferred Incentive Payments were supported
by any consideration independent of the alleged restraint of trade. However
since full submissions were made by both parties, I shall express my views on
these two issues in case I am wrong on the main issue.

Is the Forfeiture Provision reasonable

74 It is well established that in determining whether the clause in restraint
of trade is reasonable, the clause must be shown to be reasonable in the
interests of the parties _and_ in the interests of the public (see _Man
Financial_ at [70] citing the decision of the House of Lords in _Thorsten
Nordenfelt v The Maxim Nordenfelt Guns and Ammunition Company, Limited_ [1894]
AC 535 at 565). In applying this principle, the court will have regard to, in
particular, the geographical scope or area of the restraint and the duration
of the restraint (see _Man Financial_ at [73]). Furthermore, the employer must
have a _legitimate proprietary interest_ that it seeks to protect by having a
restraint of trade (see _Man Financial_ at [79]). There are two interests that
may legitimately be protected in an employment context, _viz_ , trade secrets
and trade connections (see _Man Financial_ at [81] citing an earlier edition
of _Butterworths_).

75 It was common ground between the parties that the defendant bore the burden
to prove that the Forfeiture Provision was reasonable in the event that it was
found to be in restraint of trade.

76 Had I determined the Forfeiture Provision to be, in substance, in restraint
of trade, I would have found it to be unreasonable and hence unenforceable. As
Mr Jeyaretnam SC has accepted that the defendant’s TSF business is non-
generic, _ie_ , proprietary and involved financial institutions and trading
partners all over the world, it cannot be disputed that the defendant has a
legitimate proprietary interest to protect. I do not, however, think that the
extent of the restraint is reasonable for the following reasons. First, the
Forfeiture Provision is wider than necessary in terms of duration. The Non-
Compete Agreement restrains trade for only one year while the Forfeiture
Provision covers a period of two years. There is no compelling reason why the
defendant’s legitimate proprietary interest requires protection beyond the
period for which it already receives protection under the Non-Compete
Agreement. Secondly, the Forfeiture Provision has no geographical limit
whereas the restriction under the Non-Compete Agreement is limited to
countries in which the defendant has an actual place of business. Finally, the
Forfeiture Provision covers employment by and consulting with any organisation
which competes for employees, customers, clients, market share or
financial/commodity resources and deals. It is therefore not limited to the
TSF business and hence is wider than necessary to safeguard the defendant’s
legitimate proprietary interest.

77 I was therefore not persuaded by the defendant’s submissions that the two-
year restriction under the Forfeiture Provision ought to be upheld. Ms Hing
emphasised that it did not prohibit the plaintiff from competing and that it
was not imposed as a condition for employment. Accordingly, the plaintiff had
“full bargaining power” and consequently had a choice. These were effectively
the same arguments that were made to displace the application of the restraint
of trade doctrine to the Forfeiture Provision. It did not address the issue
why it was wider than necessary to protect the defendant’s TSF business and in
particular why the period of restriction was longer than that provided under
the Non-Compete Agreement.

78 In the present case, had I found to the contrary that the Forfeiture
Provision was in restraint of trade, I would have severed it from the
Incentive Award Plan without the need to invoke the “blue-pencil test” as it
was a standalone clause which did not affect the other provisions. Would its
severance render the Incentive Award Plan unenforceable for lack of
consideration? I determined it to the negative as explained below.

Are the Deferred Incentive Payments supported by any consideration

79 The defendant relies on _Wyatt_ , _Pitney-Bowes_ , _Sadler_ and _Marshall_
for the proposition that a promise to provide a benefit made conditional on
the observance of a restraint of trade will not be enforceable if the
restraint is found to be invalid provided that the _only_ consideration for
the promise was the restraint of trade.[note: 48]

80 On the facts, the defendant submits that it promised to pay the Deferred
Incentive Payments only in consideration for the plaintiff’s observance of the
condition that he did not compete for the stipulated period.[note: 49] The
defendant argues that the Incentive Award Plan T&Cs _only_ governed the
payment of the Deferred Incentive Payments and _not_ the Cash Payments. This
is evidenced by the fact that the Cash Payments were always paid _before_ the
plaintiff signed the Incentive Award Plan T&Cs.[note: 50]

81 In response, the plaintiff argues that the main consideration for the
payments under the Incentive Award Plan was his hard work and good performance
and not the condition in the Forfeiture Provision that he was not to compete.
The Incentive Award Plan T&Cs provide that the awards are “discretionary based
on individual, team and business results”.[note: 51] The plaintiff also points
out that the Incentive Award Plan also comprised Cash Payments which were paid
regardless of non-competition. The consideration for the Cash Payments cannot
be different from the consideration for the Deferred Incentive Payments since
they are both part of the same plan.[note: 52]

82 The parties are in agreement that a promise to provide a benefit is
unenforceable if its only consideration is an invalid restraint of trade. The
proposition is well established and was in fact restated by the Court of
Appeal in _Man Financial_ as part of its description of the doctrine of
severance (_Man Financial_ at [126] and [128]):

126 As this particular doctrine [_ie_ , severance] did not really arise in the
present appeal (although it did in the court below), we will not dwell upon it
at any length. (We pause to observe, parenthetically, however, that the
doctrine of severance might nevertheless be of some relevance in the context
of Clause C.1.) In brief, at the level of general principle, there are two
objectives underlying the doctrine of severance, which were neatly
encapsulated by Chao Hick Tin JA (as he then was) in  _National Aerated Water
Co_ ([58]  _supra_), as follows (at [40]):

The doctrine of severance may be invoked to serve two purposes. The first is
to cut out altogether an objectionable promise from a contract leaving the
rest of the contract valid and enforceable. [The] [s]econd is to cut down an
objectionable promise as to its scope but not to cut it out of the contract
altogether. An unreasonably wide restraint of trade clause would be a
classical example of a case falling within the second category.

…

128 The former category referred to in the above quotation (at [126]) deals,
in contrast, with severance of **_entire or whole clauses_** in a contract. As
was noted in the court below, the basic test centres on whether the
objectionable promise (as embodied, ex hypothesi, within the clause in
question itself) is **_substantially the whole or the main consideration for
the promise sought to be enforced_**. If it is the whole or the main
consideration, then the doctrine of severance will not apply; if not, the
doctrine will apply. Everything depends, of course, on the precise factual
matrix before the court (in this regard, see, for example, the oft-cited (and
contrasting) English decisions of  _Goodinson v Goodinson_ [1954] 2 QB 118 on
the one hand and _Bennett v Bennett_ [1952] 1 KB 249 on the other). In the
present case, the Judge held,  _inter alia_ , that Clause C.1 and Clause C.3
did not constitute all, or substantially all, the consideration for the
Compensation to be paid under the Termination Agreement (see GD ([1] _supra_)
at [216]-[218]). In view of our characterisation of Clause C.1 (at [188]
below) as a _condition_ , we would, as mentioned earlier at [16], with
respect, disagree with the Judge. Briefly put, we find that cll C.1-C.3 of the
Termination Agreement were intended by the parties to constitute the main
consideration for the Compensation to be paid under that agreement (see,
generally, the analysis below at [182]-[187]).

[emphasis in original omitted; emphasis added in bold italics]

83 The question therefore is whether the Forfeiture Provision formed
substantially the whole or the main consideration for the Deferred Incentive
Payments.

84 In my view, the Forfeiture Provision is not the whole or the main
consideration for the Deferred Incentive Payments. As the plaintiff argues,
the Incentive Award Plan T&Cs state that the incentive payments are “based on
individual, team and business unit results”. Given that this is the express
basis for the whole Incentive Award Plan, it may be deduced that a substantial
part of the consideration for incentive payments is the performance of the
individual employee, his team and his business unit. The Forfeiture Provision
may have formed a part of the consideration for the Deferred Incentive
Payments but it certainly cannot be said to be substantially the whole or the
main consideration given the basis of the Incentive Award Plan.

Conclusion

85 This has been a very challenging decision for me to reach. In the process,
I was greatly assisted by the well-researched and focussed submissions by both
Mr Jeyaretnam SC and Ms Hing to whom I would like to express my gratitude. I
am sure this is not the last word on this important issue of employment law
and no doubt the employment market would welcome a definitive decision by the
Court of Appeal.

86 In the result, OS 103/2011 is dismissed with costs and such costs shall
include the costs for the conversion application since that application would
have been allowed if not for the sensible concessions made by Mr Jeyaretnam SC
in order for me to hear and dispose of OS 103/2011. I fix the costs at $30,000
inclusive of disbursements to be paid forthwith by the plaintiff to the
defendant.

* * *

[note: 1]Affidavit of Ross Forde Hamou-Jennings dated 7 April 2011 at [7].

[note: 2]_Ibid_.

[note: 3]Affidavit of Ross Forde Hamou-Jennings dated 7 April 2011 at [8].

[note: 4]Affidavit of Ross Forde Hamou-Jennings dated 7 April 2011 at
[9]–[10], [16].

[note: 5]Affidavit of Ross Forde Hamou-Jennings dated 7 April 2011 at
[32]–[33].

[note: 6]Affidavit of Ross Forde Hamou-Jennings dated 7 April 2011 at [33].

[note: 7]Affidavit of Ross Forde Hamou-Jennings dated 7 April 2011 at [34].

[note: 8]_Ibid_.

[note: 9]Affidavit of Ross Forde Hamou-Jennings dated 7 April 2011 at [46]..

[note: 10]Affidavit of Ross Forde Hamou-Jennings dated 7 April 2011 at [47]..

[note: 11]Affidavit of Ross Forde Hamou-Jennings dated 7 April 2011 at [48].

[note: 12]Affidavit of Ross Forde Hamou-Jennings dated 7 April 2011 at [51].

[note: 13]Affidavit of Ross Forde Hamou-Jennings dated 7 April 2011 at [48]..

[note: 14]Plaintiff’s Affidavit affirmed on 9 February 2011 at [5].

[note: 15]_Ibid_.

[note: 16]Plaintiff’s Affidavit affirmed on 9 February 2011 at p 31 (exhibit
MVS-2).

[note: 17]Plaintiff’s Affidavit affirmed on 9 February 2011 at [12].

[note: 18]_Ibid._

[note: 19]Plaintiff’s Affidavit affirmed on 9 February 2011 at [5].

[note: 20]Affidavit of Ross Forde Hamou-Jennings dated 7 April 2011 at [58].

[note: 21]Affidavit of Ross Forde Hamou-Jennings dated 7 April 2011 at [22].

[note: 22]Affidavit of Ross Forde Hamou-Jennings dated 7 April 2011 at [23].

[note: 23]Minute Sheet of Steven Chong J dated 2 August 2011 at p 1.

[note: 24]Plaintiff’s Affidavit affirmed on 9 February 2011 at p 31 (exhibit
MVS-2).

[note: 25]Plaintiff’s Affidavit affirmed on 9 February 2011 at p 34 (exhibit
MVS-2).

[note: 26]Plaintiff’s Affidavit affirmed on 9 February 2011 at pp 37–38
(exhibit MVS-2).

[note: 27]Plaintiff’s Affidavit affirmed on 9 February 2011 at p 46 (exhibit
MVS-4).

[note: 28]Affidavit of Ross Forde Hamou-Jennings dated 7 April 2011 at
[41]–[42].

[note: 29]Plaintiff’s Affidavit affirmed on 9 February 2011 at p 46 (exhibit
MVS-4).

[note: 30]_Ibid_ (see the clause with the header “Interest Rate Applied to
Deferred Incentive”).

[note: 31]Plaintiff’s Affidavit affirmed on 9 February 2011 at pp 46–47
(exhibit MVS-4).

[note: 32]Plaintiff’s Affidavit affirmed on 9 February 2011 at p 50 (exhibit
MVS-5).

[note: 33]Plaintiff’s Affidavit affirmed on 9 February 2011 at [20].

[note: 34]Plaintiff’s Affidavit affirmed on 9 February 2011 at p 55 (exhibit
MVS-7).

[note: 35]Plaintiff’s Affidavit affirmed on 9 February 2011 at [23].

[note: 36]Affidavit of Ross Forde Hamou-Jennings dated 7 April 2011 at p 62
(ACRA search on Xangbo Global Markets Pte Ltd).

[note: 37]Plaintiff’s Affidavit affirmed on 9 February 2011 at [31].

[note: 38]Originating Summons No 103 of 2011.

[note: 39]Minute Sheet of Steven Chong J dated 2 August 2011 at p 1.

[note: 40]Plaintiff’s Bundle of Authorities (“PBOA”) at Tab 11.

[note: 41]PBOA at Tab 16.

[note: 42]PBOA at Tab 2.

[note: 43]PBOA at Tab 13.

[note: 44]PBOA at Tab 5.

[note: 45]PBOA at Tab 12.

[note: 46]Affidavit of Ross Forde Hamou-Jennings dated 7 April 2011 at [41].

[note: 47]_Ibid_.

[note: 48]Defendant’s Submissions (Part B: The OS Application) at [141]–[162].

[note: 49]Defendant’s Submissions (Part B: The OS Application) at [163].

[note: 50]Defendant’s Submissions (Part B: The OS Application) at [164]–[169].

[note: 51]Plaintiff’s Submissions on the Restraint of Trade Issue at [65].

[note: 52]Plaintiff’s Submissions on the Restraint of Trade Issue at [66].

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 08 Nov 2011 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

