Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Sincastle Enterprises Pte Ltd _v_ Sulzer Chemtech Pty Ltd (formerly known
as Towertech Pty Ltd) and another  
[2011] SGHC 206

Case Number| :| Suit No 1063 of 2009  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 16 September 2011  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Philip Pillai J  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Wong Tze Roy (Goh JP & Wong) for the plaintiff; Malathi
d/o das (Joyce A Tan & Partners) for the first defendant; Lim Joo Toon (Joo
Toon & Co) for the second defendant.  
Parties| :|  Sincastle Enterprises Pte Ltd — Sulzer Chemtech Pty Ltd (formerly
known as Towertech Pty Ltd) and another  
  
16 September 2011| Judgment reserved.  
---|---  
  
Philip Pillai J:

Introduction

1 In the present action, the plaintiff claimed that the first and second
defendants were jointly and severally liable for $191,692.27 in respect of
goods and services that the plaintiff had provided to the first defendant
under an agreement dated 15 April 2009 (“the Service Agreement”). It is
undisputed by all parties involved that the sum of $191,692.27 was due and
owing to the plaintiff (“the agreed sum”).

2 The dispositive issue was whether the first defendant was liable for the
agreed sum under the Service Agreement and, if not, whether the second
defendant was liable for the agreed sum under an alleged oral collateral
contract between the plaintiff and the second defendant. Also connected to
this was the second defendant’s counterclaim against the plaintiff for a sum
of $21,084.00 pursuant to two outstanding invoices for services rendered by
the former to the latter.

The Parties

3 The plaintiff is Sincastle Enterprises Pte Ltd (“Sincastle”).

4 The first defendant is Sulzer Chemtech Pty Ltd (“Sulzer”), a company
incorporated in Australia and formerly named Towertech Pty Ltd.

5 The second defendant is Power-Vac Technology Pte Ltd (“Power-Vac”), a
company incorporated in Singapore.

Background

6 Sulzer was engaged to carry out certain building and construction work for
an Exxon SPA-X project located at Jurong Island, Singapore. Sulzer contracted
with Sincastle to supply manpower and equipment in this Jurong Island project,
in a contract with Towertech Pty Ltd (currently named Sulzer), which was
signed by both parties on 15 April 2009 (_i_._e_. the Service Agreement).

7 In the Service Agreement, Sincastle set out its unit rates for supply of
manpower in specified categories and for diesel. Manpower supply was also
stated to be subject to availability and for the period until the end of May
2009. The Service Agreement also provided that Sincastle would charge for
diesel supplied to Sulzer on the basis of the supplier’s prevailing actual
market price (plus GST), with a mark up of 10% (exclusive of GST). Lastly, the
terms of payment under the Service Agreement were as follows (“the terms of
payment clause”):

**TERMS OF PAYMENT**

As agreed, all supply of manpower, equipment, consumables or any request of
whatsoever, **_shall billed to_** the following company:

**POWER-VAC TECHNOLOGY PTE LTD**

No. 48, Toh Guan Road East, #02-105

Singapore 608586

Tel: [xxx], Fax: [xxx]

Person-in-charge: Mr Philip Oh

The invoice copy shall be **_submitted to TowerTech for verification purposes
and upon approval_** , the **_invoice shall be submitted to POWER-VAC
TECHNOLOGY to expedite the payment to us_**.

The terms of payment shall be 30 days from the date of our invoice.

[emphasis added]

8 Before me, parties did not dispute that the agreed sum was due and owing to
Sincastle and that Sulzer’s had remitted sums exceeding the agreed sum to
Power-Vac. Sulzer and Power-Vac had a separate bilateral agreement under which
Power-Vac would consolidate all invoices payable by Sulzer to several third
party contractors in Singapore and that Sulzer would then remit funds to
Power-Vac following which Power-Vac would make payment on these invoices.
Power-Vac received a 12% service charge from Sulzer for these services as an
“administrative fee”.[note: 1] This agreement between Sulzer and Power-Vac was
not disclosed to Sincastle nor was it incorporated by reference into the
Service Agreement.

9 However, Power-Vac did not remit the agreed sum to Sincastle for the reasons
stated below at [11]. Both Sulzer and Power-Vac denied any liability to
Sincastle for the agreed sum.

10 It was Sulzer’s position at trial that having made payment to Power- Vac in
excess of the agreed sum, it had no further obligation to pay Sincastle.
Sincastle’s position, on the other hand, was that the terms of payment clause
was no more than a payment mechanism under which Power-Vac was a “centralised
point of payment for administrative purposes”. Accordingly, Sincastle argued
that notwithstanding Sulzer’s payments to Power-Vac, the former remained
liable to it for the agreed sum.

11 As for Power-Vac, it conceded that it had received the relevant invoices
for the agreed sum from Sincastle and that it had received sums in excess of
those due to Sincastle from Sulzer. It acknowledged that it was holding and
willing to account for up to $66,711.80 for the Sincastle invoices. As for the
remaining $124, 980.47 remitted by Sulzer, it was not paid to Sincastle as
Power-Vac had used this sum for payment of third parties and in satisfaction
of unrelated payments owed by Sulzer to Power-Vac.

12 The factual context behind this Service Agreement reveals that Sulzer was
contracted to carry out building and construction work for the Jurong Island
project in Singapore. Sulzer outsourced its manpower, equipment and consumable
needs for the Jurong Island project to third party contractors, including
Sincastle. The evidence in court revealed that the terms of payment clause had
been required and the text was in fact provided by Sulzer.

13 The payment mechanism inserted in the Service Agreement by Sulzer was as
follows:

(a)

Sincastle was to submit its invoices to Sulzer for verification; and

(b)

Only upon Sulzer’s verification was Sincastle to bill Power-Vac.

14 The separate bilateral agreement, between Sulzer and Power-Vac, provided as
between them as follows:

(a)

Power-Vac was required by Sulzer to consolidate all the Sulzer verified
invoices (including non-Sincastle invoices) and send them to Sulzer in
Australia; and

(b)

Sulzer would then arrange for funds to be remitted to Power Vac which would
then pay on these verified and outstanding (including Sincastle) invoices.

Sulzer’s liability for the agreed sum

15 The question of Sulzer’s liability for the agreed sum turns entirely on the
construction of the Service Agreement between Sincastle and Sulzer. At this
point, it apposite to note that Power-Vac was not a party to the Service
Agreement. Furthermore, the agreement between Sulzer and Power-Vac was not
disclosed to Sincastle nor incorporated by reference in the Service Agreement.
Though Sincastle’s invoices for diesel supplies were addressed to Power-Vac as
required by the Service Agreement, they expressly identified the Sulzer
employee in charge, the Service Agreement quotation number as well as enclosed
copies of the diesel suppliers’ invoices which were addressed to Sincastle. As
for manpower supplies, Sincastle’s invoices were similarly worded and in fact
enclosed copies of time sheets verified and signed off by Sulzer’s project
manager on the Jurong Island site. Accordingly, the consistent reference to
Sulzer’s employees in the invoices which were addressed to Power-Vac as
required by Sulzer, re-iterated the bilateral nature of obligations between
Sincastle and Sulzer as contracting parties.

16 Further, the terms of payment clause expressly provides that the bills are
to be submitted to Power-Vac “to expedite the payment to us” (_viz_.
Sincastle). As a matter of construction, it is one thing to expedite payment
and another to substitute the payment obligation to a non-party to the Service
Agreement. It is clear from the Service Agreement read in its entirety that
the contracting parties and obligations thereunder were directly and
exclusively between Sincastle and Sulzer.

17 It is also clear that Sulzer required a billing process of consolidation
and payment to be made through Power-Vac. This payment agent and process was
required by Sulzer which outsourced its required manpower and supplies
services. From the terms of payment clause, it is clear that Sulzer was
approving, verifying and making all the payments for Sincastle’s invoices,
using Power-Vac only as a convenient intermediary to ensure timely payment to
Sincastle. On this point, the following passage from Andrew Phang Boon
Leong’s, _Cheshire, Fifoot and Furmston’s, Law of Contract Second Singapore
and Malaysian Edition_ (Butterworths Asia, 1998) at p 19 is apposite:

**3** **The effect of a payment to the agent**

It may happen that either the principal or the third party settles with the
agent, who, however, by reason of bankruptcy or fraud, fails to pass the money
on to the creditor. The question then arises whether the payer is liable to
pay over again. There are two separate cases.

First, the principal, having instructed his agent to buy goods, pays the
purchase price to the agent, who fails to pay the seller.

Secondly, the principal instructs his agent to sell goods; the agent sells to
a buyer and receives payment from him, but does not pay the principal.

[T]he general rule is that the principal remains liable to the seller [_Irvine
v Watson_ (1879) 5 QBD 102].

18 Accordingly, applying these simple principles, Sulzer remains liable to
Sincastle where Sincastle remained unpaid on verified outstanding invoices,
notwithstanding any bilateral disputes it might have with Power-Vac under its
separate bilateral contract. The terms of payment clause in the Service
Agreement when construed in the light of the full factual context of the
arrangement between Sincastle and Sulzer does not have the legal effect of
exculpating Sulzer from its direct contractual obligation to pay Sincastle on
Sulzer’s verified invoices. Sulzer’s decision to route its payment through
Power-Vac, which it later turns out Power-Vac had otherwise applied, cannot
operate to discharge Sulzer’s payment obligation to Sincastle. Accordingly,
Sulzer remains liable to Sincastle for the agreed sum.

19 In closing, I note that it is surprising that Sulzer did not make Power-Vac
a third party to Sincastle’s action against it, pursuant to its independent
payment agreement with Power-Vac and Power-Vac’s admission of liability for
$66, 711.80 of the agreed sum (above at [11]). Perhaps extraneous factors not
before the Court might adequately explain why and how Sulzer and Power-Vac
have conducted their respective defence and counter-claim.

Sincastle’s claim against Power-Vac

20 As Sincastle’s claim against Power-Vac on a purported oral collateral
contract was mounted in the alternative, in the light of my finding in its
favour against Sulzer (above at [18]), I need not consider this prayer
further.

Power-Vac’s counterclaim against Sincastle

21 Power-Vac counterclaimed against Sincastle for certain goods and services
provided to Sincastle. A total sum of $21,084.00 was claimed pursuant to the
following invoices billed to Sincastle:

(a)

Invoice No. Pv049/09 dated 03/08/2009 for $14, 084.00 for the provision of
skilled welders for welding works at No. 10 Benoi Road (“welding works”); and

(b)

Invoice No. PV048/09 dated 03/08/2009 for $7000.00 for the transport and
consumables provided at the Exxon-Mobil SPA-X project (“transport and
consumables”).

22 In relation to Power-Vac’s welding works claim, by way of an open letter
from Sincastle’s solicitors to Power-Vac’s solicitors dated 24 June 2011,
Sincastle conceded liability to Power-Vac’s claim for $14,084.00

23 In relation to Power-Vac’s transport and consumables claim, Sincastle
claimed that it had not made any request for transport or consumables for the
ExxonMobil SPA-X Project and that in any event, no such service had been
supplied by Power-Vac. As no evidence was produced by the counterclaimant of
actual transport provided under the invoice tendered, or of equipment supplied
under the supporting invoice adduced by Power-Vac, this claim must fail.
Further, no attendance records of workers using the alleged transport provided
or the transport entering the project site was adduced. Power-Vac was relying
on a bare quotation and bare invoice in support of its claim for $7000.00. In
fact, in its closing submissions Power Vac stated, “[t]here is _no_
documentary evidence to support the version given by either of the
witnesses”.[note: 2] As the burden fell squarely on Power-Vac and it has not
produced satisfactory evidence to establish the same, the transport and
consumables claim is dismissed.

Conclusion

24 By reason of my findings above, I make the following orders:

(a)

Sulzer to pay the agreed sum of $191,692.27 to Sincastle with interest accrued
at 5.33% per annum from the date it fell due.

(b)

Sincastle to pay Power-Vac $14, 084.00 with interest accrued at 5.33% per
annum from the date it fell due.

(c)

Sincastle’s claim against Power-Vac is dismissed.

(d)

Power-Vac’s claim for $7000.00 is dismissed.

(e)

Cost orders:

(i)

In relation to Sincastle’s claim against Sulzer, Sulzer to bear costs to be
taxed on the District court scale.

(ii)

In relation to Sincastle’s claim against Power-Vac, parties are to bear their
own costs.

(iii)

In relation to Power-Vac’s claim for $14, 084.00, while Sincastle conceded
liability prior to the commencement of trial, any costs incurred prior to 24
June 2011 will be borne by Sincastle.

(iv)

In relation to Power-Vac’s claim against Sincastle for $7000, Power-Vac to
bear costs to be taxed on the District court scale.

* * *

[note: 1]Second Defendant’s defence (Power-Vac), 13/01/2010 at [5].

[note: 2]Second Defendant’s closing submissions (Power-Vac) dated 1 July 2011
at [33].

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 16 Sep 2011 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

