Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  OMG Holdings Pte Ltd _v_ Pos Ad Sdn Bhd  
[2011] SGHC 246

Case Number| :| Suit No 253 of 2009  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 17 November 2011  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Andrew Ang J  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Pradeep G Pillai, Debby Lim and Lareina Tay (Shook Lin &
Bok LLP) for the plaintiff; Daniel Koh, Dawn Noeline Tan and Dolly Er (Eldan
Law LLP)for the defendant.  
Parties| :|  OMG Holdings Pte Ltd — Pos Ad Sdn Bhd  
  
[LawNet Editorial Note: The appeal to this decision in Civil Appeal No 152 of
2011 was allowed in part by the Court of Appeal on 4 May 2012. See [2012] SGCA
36.]

17 November 2011| Judgment reserved.  
---|---  
  
Andrew Ang J:

Introduction

1 The facts of this case are actually fairly straightforward: the plaintiff
licensor is suing the defendant licensee for arrears of royalty payments.
However, the matter has been complicated by the defendant’s counterclaims. OMG
Holdings Pte Ltd (“the Plaintiff”) is a company incorporated in Singapore that
provides in-store advertising programs and products. It was formerly known as
ActMedia Asia Pte Ltd. Pos Ad Sdn Bhd (“the Defendant”) is a company
incorporated in Malaysia which provides advertising media services to various
brand owners for the marketing of their products in supermarkets across
Malaysia.

2 On 30 June 1993, the Plaintiff entered into a master licence agreement (“the
Master Licence Agreement”) with a Canadian company known as ActMedia Canada
Inc (“ActMedia Canada”) which developed products and programs for the in-store
advertising of consumer goods in supermarkets. Under the Master Licence
Agreement, ActMedia Canada licensed to the Plaintiff the exclusive right to
use the ActMedia system (“the Licensed System”) within the countries of
Singapore, Indonesia, Philippines, Thailand, Malaysia and Hong Kong. In
return, the Plaintiff paid ActMedia Canada a royalty fee every quarter. The
Plaintiff then sub-licensed these rights to the Defendant pursuant to a sub-
licence agreement dated 1 July 1993 (“the 1993 Agreement”).

3 In 2000, the Plaintiff and the Defendant signed a Surrender of Licence
Agreement (“the Surrender Agreement”) agreeing that the sub-licence should be
surrendered absolutely effective from 22 April 1999 due to the termination of
the Master Licence Agreement between the Plaintiff and ActMedia Canada. The
1993 Agreement was thus surrendered and subsequently replaced with another
agreement dated 1 July 2002 whereby the Plaintiff licensed to the Defendant
certain in-store advertising products and programmes (“the 2002 Agreement”).
The 2002 Agreement expired and was subsequently replaced with an agreement
dated 1 July 2004 (“the 2004 Agreement”).

4 The Plaintiff is suing the Defendant for arrears of outstanding royalty
payments under the 2004 Agreement for the period December 2007 to December
2008, _viz_ , RM967,753.45 (as at 31 December 2008). It is not disputed that
the Defendant has not paid this sum to the Plaintiff. The Plaintiff also
claims that after the termination of the 2004 Agreement on 30 October 2007,
the Defendant continues to use the products or copies of the products in
breach of cl 9.3 of the 2004 Agreement. Accordingly, the Plaintiff claims for
an account of all revenue received and profit generated from the continued use
of the products, and seeks an injunction to restrain the Defendant’s use.

5 The Defendant claims that there were misrepresentations in relation to all
three agreements. Critically, the Defendant argues that the Plaintiff had
represented that the latter had exclusive rights licensed to it by ActMedia
Canada, and failed to inform the Defendant that the Master Licence Agreement
contained a cl 1.3 which stated that the licensee had no right to sub-licence
the Licensed System. Additionally, the Defendant argues that the Plaintiff
failed to inform the Defendant that the Master Licence Agreement had been
terminated on 22 April 1999.

6 The Defendant challenges the authenticity of the Surrender Agreement and
claims that it was imprecise and erroneously prepared. It also alleges that
the termination of the 2004 Agreement was wrongful. As such, the Defendant
contends that the royalties it paid from 1993 to 2007 should be returned in
light of the Plaintiff’s misrepresentations. Additionally, the Defendant seeks
an order that cl 9.3 of the 2004 Agreement, which obliges the Defendant to
refrain from making use of the Licensed System and anything similar to the
Licensed System upon the termination of the 2004 Agreement, amounts to an
unreasonable restraint of trade and is therefore invalid.

Whether the Plaintiff made fraudulent misrepresentations to the Defendant in
relation to the 1993 Agreement

7 It is trite law that to prove fraudulent misrepresentation the elements set
out below must be satisfied: _Panatron Pte Ltd v Lee Cheow Lee_ [2001] 2
SLR(R) 435 at [14] (following  _Bradford Building Society v Borders_ [1941] 2
All ER 205):

... First, there must be a representation of fact made by words or conduct.
Second, the representation must be made with the intention that it should be
acted upon by the plaintiff, or by a class of persons which includes the
plaintiff. Third, it must be proved that the plaintiff had acted upon the
false statement. Fourth, it must be proved that the plaintiff suffered damage
by so doing. Fifth, the representation must be made with knowledge that it is
false; it must be wilfully false, or at least made in the absence of any
genuine belief that it is true.

8 Here, the Plaintiff’s representation to the Defendant that it had obtained
exclusive rights to this region from ActMedia Canada was not false as the
Plaintiff was indeed the latter’s exclusive licensee in this region. Even if
the Plaintiff breached the terms of its Master Licence Agreement with ActMedia
Canada by sub-licensing the Licensed System, this was principally a matter
between the Plaintiff and ActMedia Canada that did not concern the Defendant
so long as ActMedia Canada did not seek recourse against the Defendant.
Additionally, as ActMedia Canada knew full well that the Plaintiff was sub-
licensing the product, it effectively waived the restriction. In the
correspondence between the Plaintiff and ActMedia Canada, the parties freely
discussed the sub-licence to the Defendant: indeed, the Plaintiff sent
ActMedia Canada a spreadsheet detailing the payments of royalties from the
Defendant in a telefax dated 16 December 1996. During this period, it was thus
clear that ActMedia Canada expressly acknowledged the Defendant as a sub-
licensee of the Plaintiff and as an associate of the ActMedia group: in fact,
in an ActMedia contact list entitled “ActMedia–International Associates” dated
21 February 1996, the Defendant’s name and address was listed as the
ActMedia–International Associate in Malaysia. Furthermore, ActMedia Canada
eventually entered into the 1997 Agreement with the Plaintiff to rationalise
the sub-licensing and retroactively give express consent to it, albeit with
conditions attached. It follows that it does not lie in the Defendant’s mouth
to object to the Plaintiff’s breach of the terms of the Master Licence
Agreement when ActMedia Canada neither objected to it nor brought any claim
against the Defendant.

9 Even if we took the Defendant’s case on misrepresentation at its highest,
the Defendant failed to prove that it suffered any loss; on the contrary, it
reaped substantial profits from the 1993 Agreement. The Defendant’s managing
director, Chew Keng Yong (“Chew”), clearly stated in his affidavit that the
Licensed System, _viz_ , “Shelf Vision” and “Shelf Banner”, contributed to 60%
of the Defendant’s profits. He further admitted under cross-examination that
during the period when the Defendant was the Plaintiff’s licensee, the
Defendant earned revenue of close to RM130 million from the sale of the
licensed products. In view of the Defendant’s inability to prove that it
suffered loss as a result of relying on the alleged misrepresentations, its
claim for fraudulent misrepresentation must fail. Indeed, I find that the
Defendant utilised the Plaintiff’s products and systems and reaped handsome
profits, but is now simply seeking to take back the royalties it previously
paid after having enjoyed the benefits of the Licensed System.

Whether the Plaintiff made misrepresentations to the Defendant in relation to
the 2002 Agreement

10 The Defendant claims that it was relying on the Plaintiff’s representation
that the latter was the exclusive licensee of ActMedia Canada when the
Defendant entered into the 2002 Agreement. The Defendant also claims that it
did not know that the Master Licence Agreement had been terminated as the
Plaintiff failed to inform the Defendant that the Master Licence Agreement had
been terminated on 22 April 1999. However, I find the evidence of Chew to be
contradictory and inconsistent with the Defendant’s pleaded case. In his
affidavit of evidence-in-chief, Chew stated that he had no idea that the
Master Licence Agreement between ActMedia Canada and the Plaintiff had been
terminated, such that the discovery of the termination in 2009 at a meeting
with one Steve Lutz (“Lutz”), a former senior employee of the Plaintiff, came
as a complete shock to him. He then further stated that the Plaintiff had
deliberately and fraudulently concealed the termination from the Defendant,
and confirmed this on the first day of cross-examination. However, when he was
cross-examined on a different point during the second day of cross-
examination, Chew admitted that actually he already knew about the termination
in 2009, even before the meeting with Lutz but had “forgotten” about it.
Counsel for the Plaintiff then confirmed with him: “So you knew about the
termination, but you forgot?” and Chew replied, “Yes”. This inconsistency
undermined the Defendant’s case that the Plaintiff had concealed the
termination from the former.

11 Indeed, the parties had signed the Surrender Agreement agreeing that the
sub-licence should be surrendered absolutely effective from 22 April 1999 due
to the termination of the Master Licence Agreement between the Plaintiff and
ActMedia Canada. This document was executed by Chew and witnessed by one Loh
Ai Pheng, Chew’s personal assistant. The document clearly bears Chew’s
signature and I find his claim in his affidavit of evidence-in-chief (that he
did not understand the contents of the document but simply signed on the
second page) difficult to believe. Moreover, in the very next sentence in the
same affidavit, he contradicted himself by asserting that “[he could not]
recall [the] document”.

12 Chew’s attempt to rely on the defence of _non est factum_ was doomed to
fail. As pointed out in Beatson et al, _Anson’s Law of Contract_ (Oxford
University Press, 29th Ed, 2010) at p 259:

It must be emphasized that the defence of _non est factum_ is a narrow one.
Those too lazy or too busy to read through a document before signing it cannot
rely upon it. Nor can those who sign a document containing objectionable terms
or terms the legal effect of which they are unaware. As Donovan LJ explained
in _Muskham Finance Ltd v Howard_ [[1963] 1 QB 904 at 912]:

‘Much confusion and uncertainty would result in the field of contract and
elsewhere if a man were permitted to try to disown his signature simply by
asserting that he did not understand that which he had signed.’

As such, Chew cannot raise the defence of _non est factum_ simply by asserting
that he did not understand what he was signing.

13 Chew’s inconsistent evidence also severely undermined his credibility as a
witness. In my view, he sought to disavow the Surrender Agreement realising
that it would be fatal to his case that he was unaware of the termination of
the Master Licence Agreement.

14 Therefore, I find untenable Chew’s allegation that the Surrender Agreement
is inauthentic. The Surrender Agreement clearly referred to the Plaintiff and
the Defendant, and unequivocally stated that the “Head Licence Agreement”
(_ie_ , the Master Licence Agreement) had been terminated and that neither
party would have any claim against the other as a result of the surrender.
Although the date of the 1993 Agreement was mistakenly stated as “20 July
1993” instead of “1 July 1993”, it cannot be disputed that at that time the
only sub-licence agreement between the parties was the 1993 Agreement. I find
that this was an innocent mistake, especially in light of the fact that the
recital of the Surrender Agreement correctly stated that the sub-licence
agreement commenced from 1 July 1993. Although the Surrender Agreement was not
dated, it is not disputed that it was faxed out from the Defendant’s office on
28 June 2000\. It is thus reasonable to assume that Chew executed the
Surrender Agreement on that date and arranged for it to be faxed out from his
office.

15 I also find that in 2002, when the Plaintiff entered into a fresh agreement
with the Defendant, the Plaintiff did not recite or in any way suggest or
imply that it was the licensee of ActMedia Canada. It follows that the 2002
Agreement must be viewed as an entirely fresh agreement between the parties,
unconnected with the Licensed System under the Master Licence Agreement.

Time-bar and entire agreement clause

16 In light of the decision I have reached that there was no actionable
misrepresentation on the Plaintiff’s part, it is unnecessary to deal with the
Plaintiff’s defences to the Defendant’s counterclaim based on time-bar and the
entire agreement clause.

Whether the 2004 Agreement was wrongfully terminated

First alleged wrongful termination

17 On 30 October 2007, the Plaintiff’s solicitors, Shook Lin & Bok LLP (“Shook
Lin”) sent the Defendant a termination notice (“First Termination Notice”)
stating that due to the Defendant’s breach of the confidentiality undertaking
in cl 11 of the 2004 Agreement, the Plaintiff was exercising its right to
terminate the 2004 Agreement. The Plaintiff alleged that Chew had contracted
to sell his majority interest in the holding company of the licensee to a
third party, and had allowed a due diligence exercise which would have
revealed confidential information of the Plaintiff in breach of the terms of
the 2004 Agreement. The Defendant responded by denying the Plaintiff’s
allegations that a due diligence exercise had been conducted and asserting
that the purported termination was wrongful. In Chew’s first affidavit, he
referred to the discussions with the third party as “informal talks” which
were “never formalised in the form of an official offer”. However, Chew did a
_volte face_ after being confronted with conflicting evidence in the
Plaintiff’s affidavit.

18 The Plaintiff’s chief marketing officer, Ng Keng Ming (“Ng”), who handled
the day-to-day running of the Plaintiff’s in-store advertising business,
deposed in his affidavit of evidence-in-chief that Chew had told him over the
phone that due diligence had been completed and a sale and purchase agreement
was to be executed soon, and that he (Ng) had prepared a contemporaneous note
detailing the contents of the conversation. Faced with this evidence, Chew
shifted his position and admitted in his subsequent affidavit that due
diligence had been completed. He affirmed this again under cross-examination
during the course of the trial. Again, Chew’s inconsistent evidence eroded his
credibility as a witness. I find that he initially denied that a due diligence
exercise had been conducted as he sought make good his contention that the
Plaintiff had terminated the contract without any grounds whatsoever, based
merely on speculation about Chew’s possible sale of a majority interest to a
third party. As such, I find that the Defendant failed to prove that the
Plaintiff’s termination of the contract was wrongful.

19 In any event, subsequent to the issuance of the First Termination Notice,
the Plaintiff and the Defendant entered into negotiations to attempt to
resolve the dispute between them. During this period, the parties still
treated the agreement as alive and continuing, and the Defendant continued to
use the Licensed System. After a meeting at which Chew requested that the
Plaintiff withdraw the First Termination Notice, the Plaintiff agreed to
withdraw it by way of a letter from the Plaintiff’s solicitors to the
Defendant’s solicitors. The letter of 25 June 2008 stated that:

... subsequent to the Termination Notice ... our respective clients had
proceeded on the basis that the Media Agreement was alive.

Our client hereby withdraws the Termination Notice with immediate effect.

Second alleged wrongful termination

20 In July 2008, in compliance with its contractual obligations under the 2004
Agreement, the Defendant submitted to the Plaintiff written reports relating
to the gross revenues generated by the Defendant from the licensed operations
for the months of December 2007 to May 2008\. Pursuant to those reports, the
Defendant admitted that the sum of RM877,216.45 was payable to the Plaintiff
as royalties for the stipulated period. On 16 July 2008, the Plaintiff,
through their solicitors Shook Lin, wrote to the Defendant’s solicitors, Wong
& Leow LLC (“Wong & Leow”), demanding payment within 14 days. No payment was
received within the 14-day period. On 1 August 2008, Shook Lin wrote to Wong &
Leow giving the requisite 30-day notice under cl 9.1 of the 2004 Agreement
(“the Second Termination Notice”), which states thus:

... The Licensor and Licensee shall each have the right to terminate this
Agreement upon notice in writing to the other party if such party defaults in
the performance of any of the provisions made hereunder and, in the case of a
default which can be remedied, such other party shall not have either (i)
remedied such default to the satisfaction of the party not in default within
30 days after written demand by such party ...

The Defendant failed to make payment by the expiry of the 30-day period.
Therefore, on 3 March 2009, Shook Lin wrote to the Defendant’s then
solicitors, Rajah & Tann LLP (“Rajah & Tann”), terminating the 2004 Agreement
on the grounds that the Second Termination Notice was not complied with within
30 days of the date of the demand.

21 The Defendant contends that the termination was wrongful and is seeking
damages. It submits that on 22 January 2009 it had paid the sum of
RM967,753.46 to the Plaintiff, pursuant to a written e-mail agreement between
Chew and the Plaintiff on 21 January 2009 that the Defendant would pay 50% of
the royalties accrued from December 2007 to December 2008, with the balance to
be paid at a later time to be agreed on. The Defendant asserts that the
Plaintiff was not entitled to terminate the agreement on 3 March 2009 as the
Plaintiff had waived its right to terminate by its conduct in making this
agreement. However, a closer scrutiny of the e-mail agreement reveals that the
third clause in the agreement stipulated that:

We agreed to work towards the signing of the new addendums [_sic_] by end Feb
2009 (27/2/2009).

Meanwhile and until the new addendums [_sic_] have been entered into, on
behalf of OMG, all rights under the license agreements are reserved.

22 A further letter was sent by Shook Lin to Rajah & Tann on 29 January 2009
with content similar to the e-mail agreement. As such, it is clear that the
agreement to allow the Defendant to pay 50% of the royalties first was linked
to the condition that the parties would enter into a new addendum. In a
telephone conversation on 20 February 2009, the Defendant asked for more time
to execute the addenda and pay the outstanding royalties which it claimed was
its leverage. This was followed by a letter from Shook Lin to Rajah & Tann
stating that the payments:

... were to facilitate the conduct of further negotiations leading up to the
execution of new agreements or addenda by latest _27 February 2009_ , failing
which our clients will proceed to enforce their strict legal rights under the
Media Agreement, Demo Agreement and/or in law. [emphasis in original]

However, the Defendant did not take any steps to execute the new addenda and
failed to revert to the Plaintiff as promised.

23 On 25 February 2009, the Plaintiff then sent Chew an e-mail stating that it
had yet to hear from him, that it was setting a firm deadline through its
lawyers, and urging him to sign the addenda. The following extracts from the
letter are relevant:

You have said that you will call me but todate [_sic_], I have yet to hear
from you.

…

I have tried all means and bend over backwards to get this to progress but to
no avail. ...

Raymond, may I humbly urge you to see the potential and future of the business
and drop old baggage so that with the remaining few days we could work it out
by completing and signing the addenda.

The Plaintiff then sent another letter dated 25 February 2009, through Shook
Lin to Rajah & Tann, giving the Defendant an ultimatum of 9.00am on 2 March
2009 to execute the addendum. However, neither the Defendant nor Rajah & Tann
responded to any of the above correspondence and the Defendant failed to
execute the addenda by the stipulated time. The Plaintiff then issued the
Second Termination Notice on 3 March 2009.

24 In light of the terms of the e-mail agreement and the Defendant’s conduct
in failing to comply with its terms, I find that the Defendant failed to
discharge its burden of proving that the Plaintiff wrongfully terminated the
2004 Agreement. I find that it was a condition of the e-mail agreement that
the Defendant would sign the new addenda by the end of February 2009, failing
which the Plaintiff could exercise its right to terminate the contract. As the
Defendant failed to take any steps towards signing the new addenda despite the
Plaintiff’s multiple calls and letters urging the former to do so, including
the ultimatum of 25 February 2009, I hold that the Plaintiff was entitled to
exercise its right to terminate the 2004 Agreement.

Whether cl 9.3 of the 2004 Agreement was a restraint of trade clause

25 In the amended Statement of Claim (Amendment No 2), the Plaintiff sought an
injunction “restraining [the Defendant] from using the Licensed System or any
part thereof”. It further sought an injunction restraining the Defendant from:

(i) Using the Cloned Products;

(ii) Passing off … the Plaintiff’s Licensed System and/or Licensed Products as
their own (either by way of name and/or get up) in the form of the Cloned
Products or otherwise and making representations to this effect.

26 In its Counterclaim, the Defendant sought a declaration that cl 9.3 of the
2004 Agreement was an unreasonable restraint of trade clause that ought to be
found void and struck out. Counsel for the Defendant argued that cl 9.3 was a
restraint of trade clause as it satisfied the test adopted by the Court of
Appeal in _National Aerated Water Co Pte Ltd v Monarch Co, Inc_ [2000] 1
SLR(R) 74 at [27], following _Petrofina (Gt. Britain) Ltd v Martin_ [1966] Ch
146, _viz_ , whether the clause purported to “restrict [the Defendant’s]
liberty in the future to carry on trade with other persons not parties to the
contract in such manner as he chooses”.

27 Clause 9.3 of the 2004 Agreement reads thus:

Upon the termination of this Agreement … the Licensee shall retain no rights
to the Licensed System or any part thereof, all such rights having been deemed
to have been surrendered to the Licensor. For the avoidance of doubt, the
Licensee hereby agrees that upon the termination of this Agreement, it will
refrain from making use of the Licensed System, or any part thereof, or
anything resembling or similar to the said system.

However, the difficulty arises from the vague and amorphous definition of “the
Licensed System”. In Recital 2 of the 2004 Agreement, the Licensed System was
defined thus: “the Name, Licensed Marks and Licensed Products [are]
collectively referred to as ‘the Licensed System’.” However, the term “Name”
was not defined. The term “Licensed Marks” was vaguely defined as “various
logos and intellectual property” without further specification. Only the term
“Licensed Products” was set out with some particularity in Schedule A, where
various hardware products such as “Shelf Vision” and “Cart Vision” were
listed. Tellingly, under cross-examination, Ng admitted that he was not
entirely sure what was covered by the terms “Licensed Marks” and “Name” as
they were not clearly defined in the 2004 Agreement.

28 Furthermore, despite initially refusing the Defendant’s request for further
and better particulars as to what the Licensed System comprised, the Plaintiff
later amended the Statement of Claim to include a broad and vague list of
nebulously defined items that were said to be part of the Licensed System.
Even a cursory examination of the list would reveal that the alleged Licensed
System as so defined is too broad and vague to be reasonable in protecting a
legitimate interest on the part of the Plaintiff. The list includes such
expansive formulations as “the innovative concept of using the ‘5-senses’ in
relation to in-store advertising”. Item (ii) in the list, _viz_ , “the
knowledge, methodology and know-how for in-store advertising and sales
strategies” – again is very extensive. The Plaintiff cannot attempt to protect
mere ideas in such a draconian manner.

29 As though the sweep of the definition of “Licensed System” was not wide
enough, cl 9.3 went on to prohibit the Defendant from engaging in “anything
resembling or similar to the said system”. In short, cl 9.3 appears to
restrict the Defendant from participating in the in-store advertising business
altogether. Quite apart from the legitimacy of the interest it seeks to
protect, I find that cl 9.3 is simply too wide to be reasonable.

Passing off

30 The next issue that arises is the Plaintiff’s alternative claim for inverse
passing off. It should be noted that the Plaintiff is suing for a tort
allegedly committed in a foreign jurisdiction. Although it was not raised by
either party, a preliminary question that should be considered is whether,
given the state of the pleadings, the court can restrain the acts of passing
off that occurred outside Singapore.

31 The learned author of _The Law of Passing-off_ (Sweet & Maxwell, 4th Ed,
2011), Christopher Wadlow, at para 10–063 observed as follows:

... it came to be recognised that conduct in a foreign country which would
have been actionable as passing-off had it occurred in England could be
restrained by the English courts, and damages awarded, if the latter had
personal jurisdiction over the defendant ...

32 The Defendant argued that the Plaintiff must show that it possessed
goodwill in its goods and services in both the country of the alleged tort of
passing (_ie_ , Malaysia) and the country in which the claim was brought (_ie_
, Singapore). This is not, strictly speaking, conceptually correct. It is not
disputed that the court has personal jurisdiction over the Defendant, and
hence jurisdiction to hear the claim for passing off. However, it may be
relevant to consider whether the Plaintiff was required to plead and prove
Malaysian law in relation to passing off given that all the alleged acts of
passing off occurred in Malaysia.

33 As a starting point, the applicable choice of law rule is the “double
actionability rule” formulated by Willes J in _Phillips v Eyre_ (1870) LR 6 QB
1 (“ _Phillips_ ”) at 28–29 where the learned judge observed thus:

... As a general rule, in order to found a suit in England for a wrong alleged
to have been committed abroad, two conditions must be fulfilled. First, the
wrong must be of such a character that it would have been actionable if
committed in England; ... Secondly, the act must not have been justifiable by
the law of the place where it was done. ...

Thus, in order a for tort committed abroad to be actionable in England (a) the
wrong had to be of such a character as to be actionable under English law (the
_lex_ _fori_) if it were committed in England; and (b) the act had also to be
actionable under the law of the country where it was committed (the _lex loci
delicti_). Both limbs had to be satisfied.

34 This was later modified by the House of Lords’ decision in _Boys v Chaplin_
[1971] AC 356\. Although the House of Lords affirmed the double actionability
rule, an exception was introduced in the speeches of Lords Wilberforce and
Hodson, admitting of the possibility that under certain circumstances a
foreign tort might still be actionable in England even though it was not
actionable under the _lex loci delicti_. Then followed the Privy Council
decision in _Red Sea Insurance Co Ltd v Bouygues SA_ [1995] 1 AC 190 (“the
_Red Sea_ case”) which further extended the exception so that “[it] could
equally be invoked to disapply the _lex_ _fori_ (the first [limb] of the rule
of double actionability) and to secure the sole application of the _lex loci
delicti_ _commissi_ ” (Dicey, Morris and Collins, _The Conflicts of Laws_
(Sweet & Maxwell, 14th Ed, 2006) (“ _Dicey & Morris_”) vol 2 at para 35-007).

35 The double actionability rule as modified by the exception in _Boys v
Chaplin_ and the _Red Sea_ case has been held by our Court of Appeal to be the
law in Singapore: see _Parno v SC Marine Pte Ltd_ [1999] 3 SLR(R) 377 at [36]
and _Rickshaw Investments Ltd v Nicolai Baron von Uexkull_ [2007] 1 SLR(R) 377
(“ _Rickshaw Investments_ ”) at [53]–[56]. Thus, the position in Singapore is
that the double actionability rule applies but under certain circumstances the
wrong committed abroad might still be actionable in Singapore even though
either of the two limbs referred to above is not satisfied: see _Rickshaw
Investments_ at [56].

36 Doubts, however, remain as to when the exception could be invoked and as to
the circumstances which would warrant its application in particular cases (see
_Dicey & Morris_ vol 2 at para 35-008). Fortunately, it is not necessary for
the purposes of this case to determine the boundaries of the exception.

37 In relation to the second limb of the rule in _Phillips_ , the court in
_Alteco Chemical Pte Ltd v Chong Yean Wah_ [1999] 2 SLR(R) 915 at [48]
emphasised the importance of pleading foreign law:

_Foreign passing off_ occurs when production and palming off occur in a
foreign country and nothing happens in the land of the forum. **_In such a
case, as all the factors are foreign, foreign law becomes very material._** It
must be shown by the claimant that it is actionable by the law of the country
where the palming off takes place. The proposition of private international
law that foreign law is  _prima facie_ presumed to be same as the law of the
forum does not apply. [emphasis in original in italics, emphasis added in bold
italics]

38 The Plaintiff in the present case has not specifically pleaded the law of
passing off as it stands in Malaysia. In the absence of pleadings on foreign
law, “the court will in principle decide a case containing foreign elements as
though it were a purely domestic case” _Dicey & Morris_ ([34] _supra_) vol 1
at para 9-003 . In other words, the court will presume the position under
foreign law to be the same as that under the _lex_ _fori_ (_Rickshaw
Investments_ at [43]; _Goh_ _Chok Tong v Tang Liang Hong_ [1997] 1 SLR(R) 811
at [84]; see also _Halsbury’s Laws of Singapore_ , vol 6(2) (LexisNexis,
2009), para 75.300) (“ _Halsbury’s Singapore_ ”)).

39 However, the presumption that the position under foreign law is similar to
the _lex_ _fori_ does not apply in every case. I note the observations in
_D’Oz International Pte Ltd v PSB Corp Pte Ltd and another appeal_ [2010] 3
SLR 267 at [25] that:

... the presumption [of similarity of laws] is a rule of convenience which the
courts may resort to unless it is unjust and inconvenient to do so. ...
Whether a common law court will presume foreign law to be the same as the
_lex_ _fori_ in any case where foreign law is not pleaded or not proved (if
pleaded) depends on the circumstances of each case. The question that is
ordinarily asked when the presumption is invoked is whether, in the
circumstances of the case, it would be unjust to apply it against a party so
as to make him liable on a claim subject to foreign law when the claimant has
failed to prove what the foreign law is and how liability is established under
that foreign law ...

One situation in which the presumption may not apply is where an injunction is
sought to restrain a wrong committed in the foreign jurisdiction (_Halsbury’s_
_Singapore_ at para 75.300). Proof of civil liability in the foreign
jurisdiction may be necessary.

40 An examination of a few cases on this point is apposite. In _Alfred Dunhill
v Sunoptic SA_ [1979] FSR 337 (“ _Alfred Dunhill_ ”), the plaintiffs sought a
worldwide interlocutory injunction to restrain the defendant from using the
word “DUNHILL” on the defendant’s sunglasses and spectacle frames in multiple
countries. The English Court of Appeal granted an interlocutory injunction
restraining the defendant from carrying on acts of passing off in England and
Switzerland. There was evidence that under Swiss law, the Swiss courts would
have restrained the defendant’s acts on proof of confusion. However, the
interlocutory injunction was refused in respect of other countries because the
plaintiff had not adduced evidence of the local law in those jurisdictions
(_Alfred Dunhill_ at 368).

41 The case of _An_ _Bord_ _Trachtala v Waterford Foods plc_ [1994] FSR 316 is
also relevant. The plaintiffs sought to injunct the defendant from using an
allegedly similar logo on products marketed and distributed in England. The
High Court of Ireland applied the double actionability rule. The plaintiff
relied on a letter from English solicitors on the law of passing off in
England to satisfy the second limb of the double actionability rule. However,
the interlocutory injunction was refused because the plaintiff failed to
satisfy the court that the defendant’s activities in England would have
amounted to passing off. I similarly hold in the present case that the double
actionability rule applies and that the presumption that the position under
Malaysian law is the same as under Singapore law does not apply.

42 The Plaintiff did not submit on the applicability of the double
actionability rule nor plead Malaysian law in relation to passing off.
Although the Plaintiff relied on the Malaysian case of _Seet Chuan Seng v Tee
Yih_ _Jia Foods Manufacturing Pte Ltd_ [1994] 2 MLJ 770 which affirmed
principles of passing off which were similar to those under Singapore law,
that is neither pleading nor proof of Malaysian law. In any event, even if I
accept that the principles of passing off under Singapore law should be
applied in the present case, for the reasons which follow, the Plaintiff would
not succeed in its claim for inverse passing off.

Elements of passing off

43 The Court of Appeal in _Novelty Pte Ltd v Amanresorts Ltd_ [2009] 3 SLR(R)
216 at [37] set out the “three clearly identifiable core concepts which are
fundamental to a passing off action, namely, goodwill, misrepresentation and
damage”. The court followed Lord Oliver’s holding in _Reckitt & Colman
Products Ltd v Borden Inc_ [1990] 1 WLR 491 (“the _Jif Lemon_ case”) where his
Lordship stated (at 499):

... The law of passing off can be summarised in one short general proposition
– no man may pass off his goods as those of another. More specifically, it may
be expressed in terms of the elements which the plaintiff in such an action
has to prove in order to succeed. These are three in number. First, he must
establish a goodwill or reputation attached to the goods or services which he
supplies in the mind of the purchasing public by association with the
identifying ‘get-up’ (whether it consists simply of a brand name or a trade
description, or the individual features of labelling or packaging) under which
his particular goods or services are offered to the public, such that the get-
up is recognised by the public as distinctive specifically of the plaintiff’s
goods or services. Secondly, he must demonstrate a misrepresentation by the
defendant to the public (whether or not intentional) leading or likely to lead
the public to believe that goods or services offered by [the defendant] are
the goods or services of the plaintiff. Whether the public is aware of the
plaintiff’s identity as the manufacturer or supplier of the goods or services
is immaterial, as long as [the goods or services] are identified with a
particular source which is in fact the plaintiff. For example, if the public
is accustomed to rely upon a particular brand name in purchasing goods of a
particular description, it matters not at all that there is little or no
public awareness of the identity of the proprietor of the brand name. Thirdly,
he must demonstrate that he suffers or, in a quia timet action, that he is
likely to suffer damage by reason of the erroneous belief engendered by the
defendant’s misrepresentation that the source of the defendant’s goods or
services is the same as the source of those offered by the plaintiff.

44 In the case of inverse passing off, the defendant misrepresents the
plaintiff’s goods or services as his own: _Tessensohn Denyse Bernadette v John
Robert Powers School Inc_ [1994] 1 SLR(R) 470 (“ _Tessensohn_ ”). The Court of
Appeal in _Tessensohn_ affirmed at [25] that:

... The three essential elements of passing off _equally apply_ to such [_ie_
, inverse] passing off as well. Therefore, to succeed in an action for inverse
passing off, a plaintiff must prove that there is goodwill attached to their
goods or services; that the defendants misrepresented themselves as the
commercial source of the goods or services in question; and that the
plaintiff's goodwill was damaged as a consequence. [emphasis added]

This was similarly affirmed in _QB Net Co Ltd v Earnson Management (S) Pte
Ltd_ [2007] 1 SLR 1 (“ _QB Net_ ”) at [16].

Goodwill

45 The first element that the Plaintiff must establish is goodwill. There are
two issues relating to goodwill which must be shown:

(a) that the Plaintiff has trade within the jurisdiction (_ie_ , Malaysia) to
which goodwill attaches;

(b) that goodwill subsisted in the names and get-up of the Plaintiff’s
Licensed System or Licensed Products.

Trade within the jurisdiction to which goodwill attaches

46 Goodwill has been defined as “the benefit and advantage of the good name,
reputation, and connection of a business ... the attractive force which brings
in custom” (see: _The Commissioners of Inland Revenue v Muller & Co’s
Margarine Limited_ [1901] AC 217 at 223–224). As a general rule, goodwill
subsists only where a trader has business presence in the jurisdiction (_CDL
Hotels International Ltd v Pontiac Marina Pte Ltd_ [1998] 1 SLR(R) 975 at [46]
(“ _CDL Hotels_ ”); _Star Industrial Co Ltd v Yap Kwee Kor_ [1974–1976] SLR(R)
17). Goodwill cannot exist independently but is attached to a business. It is
not sufficient to show that a trader has reputation without business presence
in the jurisdiction (_CDL Hotels_ at [50]).

47 A foreign licensor, like the Plaintiff, who supplies products to a licensee
can have goodwill in the jurisdiction in which the licensee operates. This
proposition was not disputed in _QB Net_ ([44] _supra_) and _Kickapoo
(Malaysia) Sdn_ _Bhd v The Monarch Beverage Co (Europe) Ltd_ [2010] 1 SLR 1212
(“ _Monarch_ ”). The licensors in _QB Net_ and _Monarch_ did not operate their
business directly in Singapore but entered into licence agreements with local
proprietors to supply products and services. It was not disputed that the
foreign licensors could establish goodwill despite not operating in their own
right in Singapore.

48 In _Monarch_ , the court considered that the more contentious issue was
whether the goodwill subsisted with the licensor or licensee on the facts. The
House of Lords in _Scandecor Developments AB v Scandecor Marketing AB_ [2002]
FSR 7 (“ _Scandecor_ ”) suggested that the business source indicated by a
trade mark could be the licensee or the licensor, depending on the facts. The
English Court of Appeal took a “wider interpretation” that the source of a
mark may either be the proprietor of the mark or its licensee (_Scandecor_ at
[38]). This had implications for the law of passing off because it would be
difficult for a licensor to succeed in an action for passing off against a
licensee if the public associates the goods with the licensee and not the
licensor (_Monarch_ at [44]).

49 While the approach in _Scandecor_ was seen as a “commercially sensible
one”, Andrew Phang JA, in _Monarch_ , opined that much caution must be
exercised in deciding whether to adopt this approach (_Monarch_ at [45]).
Phang JA was of the view that it would be preferable to await further
developments in this area of the law before adopting the approach in
_Scandecor_. He highlighted that _Scandecor’s_ approach would lead to several
points of uncertainty. First, it would mean that a trade mark proprietor who
licenses his trade mark always risks the loss of distinctiveness in his mark.
This has legal and commercial implications for many licensing arrangements
(_Monarch_ at [48]). Second, the reasoning in _Scandecor_ appears to be
consistent with exclusive bare licences but not necessarily non-exclusive
licences (_Monarch_ at [49]). Third, _Scandecor_ has not “gained much traction
in other common law jurisdictions” (_Monarch_ at [50]). Phang JA further
observed that the _Scandecor_ approach is heavily fact-dependent and the onus
is on the defendant to demonstrate that the public no longer associates the
trade source of the products with the licensor. He noted at [53] that:

A few concluding observations might be apposite. Although, as mentioned above
(at [45]), we do not propose to express a concluded view as to which approach
is preferable, our emphasis on the importance of the particular factual matrix
as expressed in the preceding paragraph may, in fact, give us a clue as to
whether or not both approaches (_viz_ , the traditional approach on the one
hand and the more modern approach as embodied in Lord Nicholls’s approach in
_Scandecor_ ([37] _supra_) on the other) are, in fact, _wholly_
irreconciliable ones. It appears to us – and this is but a **_passing
observation_** , and no more – that _yet another possible_ approach which
might well constitute a **‘**** _middle way’ between both the approaches just
mentioned is to adopt, as a starting-point (by way of a rebuttable
presumption), the traditional approach (viz, that the source of the goods
concerned is the trade mark proprietor)_****.** This presumption, however, can
be rebutted by clear evidence along the lines set out in the preceding
paragraph. It might well be argued that this is, in  _substance_ , Lord
Nicholls’s modern approach – not least because, under that approach, the
defendant would have (as mentioned in the preceding paragraph) to adduce
convincing facts in order to demonstrate that a shift of association (from the
trade mark proprietor to the licensee) has occurred. If so, then the case in
favour of this ‘middle way’ becomes an  _a fortiori_ one. However, as already
emphasised above (in the preceding paragraph) this particular legal conundrum
was not directly before the court and it cannot be overemphasised that,
_regardless of the approach applied_ , the result would have been  _the same_
in any event. [emphasis in original in italics; emphasis added in bold
italics]

50 In the present case, the Plaintiff did not operate directly in Malaysia.
However, the Plaintiff supplied the Licensed System and Licensed Products to
the Defendant who in turn provided in-store advertising media services in
Malaysia. It is possible for the Plaintiff to acquire goodwill in Malaysia
through the licensing of its system and products to the Defendant. The
Defendant maintained that while it is clear that the Defendant possessed
goodwill in the in-store advertising business in Malaysia, the Plaintiff has
not shown proof that it has goodwill in Malaysia. The Defendant did not argue,
however, that _Scandecor_ should be followed. The Court of Appeal has
suspended adopting a definitive view on whether _Scandecor_ ’s approach
applies in Singapore and, in any event, my decision on whether to adopt
_Scandecor_ ’s approach is not strictly necessary to dispose of the issue of
goodwill. I thus prefer to proceed on the basis that the Plaintiff may have
goodwill in Malaysia notwithstanding that it does not carry on business there.

Goodwill in the name and get-up of the Plaintiff’s Licensed Products

51 The Plaintiff appeared to claim goodwill in the following aspects of its
Licensed System:

(a) The names of its Licensed Products such as “Shelf Vision” and “Cart
Vision”;

(b) The innovative concept of using the “5-senses” in relation to in-store
advertising;

(c) The knowledge, methodology and know-how for in-store advertising and sales
strategies and in implementing the Licensed Products to achieve maximum
benefit for marketers and retailers;

(d) Services to train and support the Plaintiff’s licensees with techniques
and with new Licensed Products developed by the Plaintiffs during the term of
the 2004 Agreement;

(e) Services to engage retailers and/or marketers on behalf or in tandem with
the Plaintiff’s licensees;

(f) The use of distinctive red shelf-mounting brackets and other brackets
holding perpendicularly a mounted advertising boarding that engages one or
more of a consumer’s senses, brand-framed electronic LCD/TV advertisement
displays, shelf-mounted sample dispensers, trolley mounted advertisements, and
other customised materials supplied in connection with the Agreement.

52 The subject matter in which the Plaintiff alleges it had goodwill can be
classified into three broad categories:

(a) Names of the Licensed Products;

(b) Get-up of the Licensed System and Licensed Products; and

(c) Methodology of in-store advertising and other services.

(1) Names of the Licensed Products

53 The Plaintiff claims goodwill in the names of the Licensed Products,
including “Shelf Vision” (for advertisements mounted on shelves) and “Cart
Vision (for advertisements mounted on supermarket trolleys). The names of the
Plaintiff’s Licensed Products are undoubtedly descriptive. In relation to
descriptive marks, the Court of Appeal in _Lifestyle 1.99 Pte Ltd v S$1.99 Pte
Ltd_ [2000] 1 SLR(R) 687 (“ _Lifestyle 1.99_ ”) held that the threshold for
proving goodwill is high. The Plaintiff must show that the mark acquired a
secondary meaning, _ie_ , that the mark has become distinctive of the
plaintiff’s business (_Lifestyle 1.99_ at [27]).

54 The Plaintiff, however, has not adduced any evidence to prove this.
Evidence from a survey relied on by the Plaintiff ([60] _infra_) did not
establish that the Plaintiff had goodwill in names of the Licensed Products.
The survey participants, comprising of food product manufacturers, retailers
and media agencies, were not asked whether they would associate the names of
the Licensed Products with the products and services of the Plaintiff.
(Significantly, on 9 September 2000, the arbitral tribunal that adjudicated a
dispute between the Plaintiff and ActMedia Canada held that the Plaintiff did
not have goodwill in the names of the Licensed Products including “Shelf
Vision”, “Instant Coupon Machine” and “Freezer Vision” in the Asia Pacific
region, but that the goodwill belonged instead to ActMedia Canada.)

(2) The Get-up of the Licensed System and Licensed Products

55 The tort of passing off protects goodwill associated with packaging and
trade dress: “A person may acquire goodwill through use of particular
packaging or get-up for their products.” See: Bently and Sherman,
_Intellectual Property Law_ (Oxford University Press, 3rd Ed, 2009) at p 732.
However, the court has noted that the threshold for establishing goodwill in
respect of “get-up” is high. In _QB Net_ ([44] _supra_), Lai Siu Chiu J held
thus at [26]:

... the threshold for establishing goodwill in this respect is generally quite
high. A plaintiff who asserts goodwill in its get-up must show the presence of
particular features in its goods and services which are ‘capricious’ (_ie_ ,
not common to the trade) but which have come to be associated with the
plaintiff’s goods. A plaintiff thus faces a difficult task in proving goodwill
and he will fail unless he can adduce ‘strong persuasive evidence’ in this
respect: ...

56 In Tan Tee Jim, _Law of Trade Marks and Passing Off in Singapore_ (Sweet &
Maxwell Asia, 2005) (“ _Tan Tee Jim_ ”) the learned author observed at para
17.39 that:

... a particular feature of goods or services can be regarded as capricious if
it is arbitrarily chosen from a broad range of equally acceptable
alternatives. The feature is not capricious if it is rationally dictated by
demands of function, efficiency, cost of production, available materials and
the like considerations.

57 The courts will not protect get-up that is “common to the trade” under the
tort of passing off. The Plaintiff must show that the get-up of the Licensed
System is capricious and associated with its goods and services. The court in
_QB Net_ found that the elements comprising the QB House ten-minute express
haircut services system, such as the lack of both cash registers and
reservations systems were not distinctive features that were associated with
the plaintiff’s services. These elements could be easily observed by members
of the public and were well documented in the hairdressing industry (at [28]):

... While it is arguable that the plaintiff’s use of a ticket-vending machine,
electronic sensors and a no-reservations system are unusual features of a
haircut salon, these factors in themselves are insufficient to warrant a
finding of goodwill. It should be noted that the plaintiff’s use of a special
vacuum cleaner to remove freshly cut hair, the use of working cabinets which
minimise the movement of hairdressers whilst at work and the ten-minute
service offered by the plaintiff are insufficiently distinctive to support a
finding of goodwill. After all, it can be argued that this particular style or
get-up is characteristic of the haircut trade and open for all in that trade
to adopt, as long as sufficient care is taken to distinguish the source of the
services and products in question.

58 The Plaintiff is trying to assert goodwill in the use of red shelf-mounting
brackets which hold up mounted advertising boards that engage one or more of
the five senses. It also claimed goodwill in an amorphous “innovative concept
of using the ‘5 senses’ in relation to in-store advertising”. I find the use
of shelf-mounted advertisements and the concept of engaging the five senses
through in-store advertising very general marketing ideas employed by various
players in the in-store advertising market. There could not be said to be a
capricious addition in the get-up of the Licensed Products that have come to
be associated with the Plaintiff’s goods and was sufficiently distinctive to
form the subject matter of goodwill. The “look and feel” of the shelf-mounted
advertisements depended on how the products displayed could be best
advertised. There were no features in the shelf-mounted advertisements or red
shelf brackets that were capricious features indicative of the Plaintiff’s
goods and services.

59 In addition, the Plaintiff has not adduced sufficient evidence to show that
the Malaysian public associated the get-up of the Licensed System or Licensed
Products with the Plaintiff’s products and services. In _Tan Tee Jim_ ([56]
_supra_), the author notes at para 17.17 that “in practice, the owner usually
proves the existence of reputation and goodwill by … showing that a
substantial section of the public associates him with the mark”. This is
especially crucial where the get-up of the goods or services is common to the
trade. He further observes that such cases “require strong persuasive
evidence” to succeed. In the _Jif Lemon_ case ([43] _supra_), the plaintiff
managed to adduce sufficient evidence to show that the public associated its
lemon-shaped squeeze pack containing lemon juice with goods originating from
“Jif”.

60 I find that the Plaintiff failed to prove that it had goodwill in the
Licensed System. The Plaintiff’s counsel pointed me to a survey conducted by
the Defendant in 2010 which indicated that 39% of the survey sample identified
“ActMedia” as one of the companies providing in-store advertising services in
Malaysia. However, this is insufficient evidence for two reasons.

61 First, this survey merely demonstrates that the public had general
recognition of the ActMedia name. Further, it appears that there was little or
no recognition of the Plaintiff’s name “OMG Holdings”, which it adopted with
effect from 7 November 2006\. In any event, the tort of passing off does not
protect a name _per se_ , but rather the owner’s goodwill in the business
under that name or the goods or services which he supplies.

62 Second, the 39% prompted recall of the ActMedia name does not show that the
Plaintiff had any goodwill in the products or concepts that allegedly form
part of the Licensed System. The survey participants were simply asked whether
they were aware that ActMedia operated in Malaysia. They were not asked
whether they associated certain features of in-store advertisements with a
particular source that was in fact the Plaintiff.

63 Pursuant to the Settlement Agreement between the Plaintiff and ActMedia
Canada (entered into after arbitral proceedings), the Plaintiff does not even
have the rights to the ActMedia name or goodwill in the Licensed System.
Indeed, in the present action the Plaintiff did not make it entirely clear
which Licensed System it was claiming to hold goodwill in: was it the licensed
system as sub-licensed from ActMedia Canada and defined in the 1993 Agreement,
or the “Licensed System” as defined in the 2002 and 2004 Agreements post-
termination of the Plaintiff’s relationship with ActMedia Canada? If the
Plaintiff is claiming goodwill in the former, it seems somewhat of a stretch
to say that the Plaintiff continued to have goodwill in the Licensed System
where the Master Licence Agreement had already been terminated. If the
Plaintiff is claiming goodwill in the latter, _ie_ , the “Licensed System” as
defined in the 2002 and 2004 Agreements, it has not adduced evidence to prove
that it has goodwill in the get-up of the Licensed System or the names of the
Licensed Products such as “Shelf Vision” and “Cart Vision”.

(3) Methodology of in-store advertising and other services

64 The Plaintiff further tries to allege goodwill in its methodology and know-
how for in-store advertising. To establish goodwill in a particular sales
methodology is not an easy task. The plaintiff in _OTO Bodycare Pte Ltd v
Hiew_ _Keat_ _Foong_ [2005] SGHC 133 claimed, _inter alia_ , that the
defendant’s use of a similar sales methodology confused purchasers into buying
the defendant’s products, thinking that they were the plaintiff’s. The
plaintiff frequently displayed its products in open spaces and road shows for
customers to try them out. The court found that there was no passing off in
relation to this sales methodology because the plaintiff’s sales methodology
did not appear to be particularly unique. Similarly, I find that the
Plaintiff’s Licensed System comprised simply of general marketing strategies
intended to bring the consumer’s attention to the products advertised. There
were no unique features in the Plaintiff’s advertising methodology that could
be said to be associated exclusively with the Plaintiff’s goods or services.

(4) Whether the Plaintiff could establish goodwill by estoppel

65 The Plaintiff further asserts that, in any event, the issue of existence
and accrual of goodwill was already decided by agreement between the parties,
and the element of goodwill is thus satisfied. This argument appears
attractive at first blush. The Plaintiff relies on Recital (1) of the 2004
Agreement which stated that “the Licensor [the Plaintiff] has developed
significant goodwill in the Asia market”. The Plaintiff also cited the
following passage from _The Law of Passing-off_ ([31] _supra_) at para 3–147:

If the commercial purpose of an agreement is to license the use of a
_distinctive name or mark_ in respect of which the licensor has (or is agreed
to have) goodwill, to a licensee who has (or is agreed to have) no such
goodwill, and and in circumstances where the licensee’s use would _otherwise
be actionable as passing-off_ , then in the absence of agreement to the
contrary or other supervening factors, the goodwill in the business so carried
on by the licensee under the licensed name or mark will accrue to the licensor
rather than the licensee. ... The licensee acquires no interest in the
licensed name or mark, and must cease using it on termination of the licence.
... It is irrelevant whether the goodwill in the licensed business would
otherwise have accrued to the licensee, the licensor, or both. ... [emphasis
added]

66 I doubt that the Plaintiff’s reliance on the foregoing passage in _The Law
of Passing-Off_ advances its case. Read in context, the learned author of _The
Law of Passing-off_ was referring to the vesting (_ie_ , ownership) of
goodwill, and not the establishment of the _existence_ of goodwill, by
agreement. Further, the learned author’s observations were premised on there
being “a distinctive name or mark”, and where the licensee’s use would
_otherwise_ be actionable as passing off. He was not suggesting that agreed
facts in a recital could establish the existence of goodwill _per se_. I
should add, however, that the learned author of _The Law of Passing-off_ went
on to observe at para 3-147 that “the proposition [that an agreement on
ownership of goodwill is binding as between the parties] applies to similar
agreements when there is no pre-existing goodwill, or when ownership of such
goodwill as already exists is uncertain or controversial”. It is not clear
whether the learned author, by this observation, was suggesting that goodwill
could accrue to the licensor by agreement where there was no pre-existing
goodwill. Even if this was what the learned author intended to suggest, no
authority was cited in support. Only the case of _Gromax_ _Plasticulture Ltd v
Don & Low Nonwovens Ltd_ [1999] RPC 367 was cited for the proposition that an
estoppel by convention could establish the question of _ownership_ of
goodwill.

67 The Plaintiff also relied on the case of _A S Nordlandsbanken v Nederkoorn
Robin Hoddle_ [2000] 3 SLR(R) 918 (“ _Nordlandsbanken_ ”) for the proposition
that recitals in an agreement are binding on the parties. _Nordlandsbanken_
and the authorities examined in that case related to the doctrine of estoppel
by deed. The licence agreements in the present case were not deeds. It is thus
necessary for me to examine whether the parties are similarly bound by
recitals in the licence agreement.

68 Recitals are usually not regarded as terms of the agreement which give rise
to legal obligations; they form the background to a transaction (Richard
Christou, _Boilerplate: Practical Clauses_ (Sweet & Maxwell, 5th Ed, 2010).
However, it has been established that a party to a deed can be estopped from
disputing the facts and recitals in a deed (_Lainson v Tremere_ (1834) 1 Ad &
El 792; _Greer and Another v Kettle_ [1938] AC 156). The authors of Spencer
Bower, _The Law Relating to Estoppel by Representation_ (LexisNexis UK, 2004)
(“ _Spencer Bower_ ”) explain at para VIII.13.1 that:

The necessity of finding that a recital was intended to be an agreement to
admit its truth by the party to be estopped reveals the true foundation of the
modern doctrine of estoppel by deed _inter partes_. For, an intention to be
bound by agreement is a contractual intention, and the requirement of
consideration is obviated by execution of the deed: the parties are,
therefore, estopped by contract. ...

69 It appears that the doctrine of estoppel in relation to recitals has been
extended to instruments not by deed. Parke B J in _Carpenter v Buller_ (1841)
151 ER 1013 observed at 1014 that:

If a distinct statement of a particular fact is made in the recital of a bond,
or other instrument under seal, and a contract is made with reference to that
recital, it is unquestionably true, that, as between the parties to that
instrument, and in an action upon it, it is not competent for the party bound
to deny the recital, ... _and a recital in instruments not under seal may be
such as to be conclusive to the same extent_. [emphasis added]

70 Another closely related doctrine is the doctrine of estoppel by convention.
It is established that parties can be bound by a state of facts or law which
they mutually assumed to form the basis of their contractual obligations (see
_Spencer Bower_ at para VIII.7.2). Parties are in substance bound by contract
rather than estoppel where the estoppel is founded on non-operative words of
an agreement.

71 I find that it is more conceptually consistent for a recital in an
agreement not by deed to be similarly capable of giving rise to an estoppel by
convention, where the proposition in the recital was contemplated by the
parties and intended to be an agreement between them. The distinction in the
requirement of consideration between a deed and an agreement not under seal
should not prevent a party from relying on a recital in such agreement to
establish estoppel by convention.

72 However, I find that the Plaintiff cannot satisfy the element of goodwill
even if the recital in the 2004 Agreement estops the parties from disputing
the issue of goodwill. By arguing that the recital is conclusive of the
existence of goodwill, the Plaintiff is attempting to use the doctrine of
estoppel by convention as a sword and not merely a shield. It is established
that the doctrine of estoppel by convention cannot be used to establish a
cause of action because it cannot create new rights where they did not
previously exist (_Amalgamated Investment & Property Co Ltd v Texas Commerce
International Bank Ltd_ [1982] 1 QB 84 (“ _Amalgamated Investment_ ”); _The
Vistafjord_ [1988] 2 Lloyd’s Rep 343; _Baird Textiles Holdings Ltd v Marks &
Spencer plc_ [2002] 1 All ER (Comm) 737 at [33]; _Riverside Housing
Association Ltd v White and White_ [2005] EWCA Civ 1385 (“ _Riverside Housing_
”) (reversed on appeal by the House of Lords but on different grounds)).
Estoppel cannot be used as a free-standing element to create a cause of
action.

73 The English Court of Appeal case of _Amalgamated Investment_ is pertinent.
The facts of the case are somewhat involved. The plaintiff company negotiated
with the defendant bank to finance its property development project in
Bahamas. The banks granted a loan of US$3m to one of the plaintiff’s Bahamian
subsidiaries, Gleniston. This was secured on a property in the Bahamas,
Harrison Building. The bank also granted loan facilities secured over the
plaintiff’s properties in England. Later, the plaintiff negotiated for the
loan to Gleniston to be transferred to another subsidiary of the plaintiff,
ANPP. The loan amount was also increased to US$3.25m (“the Nassau loan”) and
likewise secured on Harrison Building which was transferred from Gleniston to
ANPP. In addition, the plaintiff gave a guarantee, by which it undertook to
pay all moneys owed by ANPP to the bank (“the guarantee”). To circumvent
certain complications under Bahamian law, the bank subsequently decided to
incorporate a Bahamaian subsidiary, Portsoken, by acquiring a shelf company in
the Bahamas. The arrangement was that the bank would lend Portsoken moneys
which Portsoken would then re-lend to ANPP. However, the guarantee was not
altered to cover moneys owed by ANPP to Portsoken. The plaintiff later went
into liquidation. The bank and Portsoken appointed receivers to sell the
properties in England and the Harrison Building respectively. The bank later
sought to apply the surplus from the sale of the English properties to the
outstanding moneys on the Nassau loan. The plaintiff’s liquidators sought a
declaration that the plaintiff was not liable on the guarantee to the bank,
arguing that the moneys advanced under the Nassau loan were owed to Portsoken
and not the bank.

74 The English Court of Appeal dismissed the plaintiff’s claim, finding that
the guarantee was wide enough to include the loan by Portsoken to ANPP, based
on the correspondence and negotiations of the parties (_Amalgamated
Investment_ at 119, 125, 127 and 129). The parties negotiated on the basis
that the plaintiff would be liable to discharge the moneys under the Nassau
loan. Eveleigh and Brandon LJJ also agreed that even if the wording of the
guarantee could not be construed to cover the Nassau loan, the plaintiff was
estopped by convention from denying this.

75 However, both Eveleigh and Brandon LJJ acknowledged that an estoppel by
convention could not be used to found a cause of action by the bank. Only
Denning MR took the contrary view that the bank could have sued on the
“conventional basis” that the guarantee covered moneys owing on the Nassau
loan. Eveleigh LJ, on the other hand, doubted that the bank could have sued on
the estoppel (at 126):

It is important to appreciate that the transaction with which we are concerned
is the realisation of the securities by the bank. _We are not concerned to
decide whether the plaintiffs would have had a defence to an action on the
A.N.P.P. guarantee itself if the security had proved insufficient. For myself
I do not think that the bank could have succeeded in a claim on the guarantee
itself_. Estoppel operates so as to prevent a party from denying a
representation or an assumed state of facts in relation to the transaction
supported by that representation or assumed state of facts. The estoppel does
not go beyond the transaction in which it arose. The representation or assumed
state of facts are not to be held irrefutable beyond the purpose for which the
representation or assumption was made. In the present context the
representation is not made for the purpose of establishing its own truth but
as a part of the whole transaction. An assumption is not to be treated as
having the effect of an assumpsit. [emphasis added]

Brandon LJ similarly observed (at 131):

I turn to the second argument advanced on behalf of the plaintiffs, that the
bank is here seeking to use estoppel as a sword rather than a shield, and that
that is something which the law of estoppel does not permit. Another way in
which the argument is put is that a party cannot found a cause of action on an
estoppel.

In my view much of the language used in connection with these concepts is no
more than a matter of semantics. Let me consider the present case and suppose
that the bank had brought an action against the plaintiffs before they went
into liquidation to recover moneys owed by A.N.P.P. to Portsoken. In the
statement of claim in such an action _the bank would have pleaded the contract
of loan incorporating the guarantee_ , and averred that, on the true
construction of the guarantee, the plaintiffs were bound to discharge the debt
owed by A.N.P.P. to Portsoken. _By their defence_ the plaintiffs would have
pleaded that, on the true construction of the guarantee, the plaintiffs were
only bound to discharge debts owed by A.N.P.P. to the bank, and not debts owed
by A.N.P.P. to Portsoken. Then in their reply the bank would have pleaded
that, by reason of an estoppel arising from the matters discussed above, the
plaintiffs were precluded from questioning the interpretation of the guarantee
which both parties had, for the purpose of the transactions between them,
assumed to be true.

In this way the bank, while still in form using the estoppel as a shield,
would in substance be founding a cause of action on it. This illustrates what
I would regard as the true proposition of law, that, _while a party cannot in
terms found a cause of action on an estoppel, he may, as a result of being
able to rely on an estoppel, succeed on a cause of action on which, without
being able to rely on that estoppel, he would necessarily have failed._ That,
in my view, is, in substance, the situation of the bank in the present case.
[emphasis added]

76 The learned authors of _Chitty on Contracts_ , vol 1 (Sweet & Maxwell, 30th
Ed, 2008) commented at para 3-113 that:

Brandon L.J. seems to have taken the view that the bank could have sued on the
guarantee, but to have based that view on the ground that the loan agreement
between A and X Bank imposed an obligation on A to give the guarantee: hence
_it was that agreement, and not the estoppel_ , which would have given rise to
the X Bank’s cause of action, if it had sued on the guarantee. [emphasis
added]

Brandon LJ’s observations and the proposition that estoppel by convention
cannot be used to create a cause of action have been affirmed in _Riverside
Housing_ (at 304) ([71] _supra_) and _Baird_ (at [88]) ([71] _supra_).

77 While the use of promissory estoppel as a sword has been doubted, the
Singapore courts have not expressed definitively whether an estoppel by
convention can be used to establish a cause of action. However, the court in
_Assoland Construction Pte Ltd v Malayan Credit Properties Pte_ Ltd [1993] 2
SLR(R) 444 at [40]–[41] rejected the defendant employer’s attempt to rely on
estoppel by convention to sue for liquidated damages, where the architect’s
contractual non-compliance prevented such a claim from arising against the
main contractor. In _Panwell Pte Ltd v Indian Bank_ [2001] 3 SLR(R) 462 (“
_Panwell_ ”), the court also appeared to proceed on the basis that an estoppel
by convention destroyed the defendant’s defences (_Panwell_ at [62]). The
plaintiff in _Panwell_ could rely on circumstances independent of the estoppel
to establish its case.

78 As such, the Plaintiff must be able to rely on facts that exist
independently of the estoppel to establish that it had goodwill in the get-up
of its Licensed Products and Licensed System. The Plaintiff did not adduce
evidence to show that the names of its Licensed Products acquired secondary
meaning. The Plaintiff was also not able to meet the high threshold of showing
that there were particular features in the Licensed System that were
capricious and that had come to be associated specifically with the
Plaintiff’s system. The Plaintiff failed to provide evidence to prove that the
elements of the Licensed System, such as self-mounting brackets, audio-visual
advertisements and the concept of having a store supervisor were so
distinctive that they were only associated with the Plaintiff in the mind of
the public.

79 I thus find that the element of goodwill has not been established by the
Plaintiff.

Misrepresentation and Damage

80 In light of my finding that the Plaintiff did not have goodwill in the
Licensed System or Licensed Products, the Plaintiff fails in its claim for
inverse passing off. However, for the sake of completeness, I will touch
briefly on the other two elements of inverse passing off.

81 The Plaintiff must establish that the Defendant represented the Plaintiff’s
Licensed System to be the Defendant’s. In _QB Net_ ([44] _supra_), the court
observed that the element of misrepresentation would have been satisfied if
the plaintiff had established goodwill. It found that there were “striking
similarities” in the conduct of the plaintiff’s and defendant’s businesses.
The defendant sent letters to third parties stating that it was taking over
the business of QB House. It assured them that the “management and operation
staff” of the business will remain unchanged. The defendant’s advertisements
also stated that the trade name of the plaintiff’s local franchise “QB House”
would be changed to “EC House”. The defendant’s employees informed the public
that with the exception of the name change, “QB House” and “EC House” were the
same company. Furthermore, the defendant continued to operate “QB House”
outlets and continued using the plaintiff’s equipment, logos, uniforms, and
combs.

82 In the present case, I find that the Defendant arguably misrepresented the
Plaintiff’s goods and services as its own on termination of the 2004
Agreement. The Defendant agreed to supply retailers and supermarkets in
Malaysia with the Licensed Systems and Licensed Products for the purposes of
in-store advertising. The Plaintiff, however, alleges that the Defendant had
not informed the retailers in Malaysia that the Plaintiff was the commercial
source of the Licensed System. This appeared to be unimportant to the
Plaintiff while the 2004 Agreement subsisted. The Plaintiff did not insist
that the Defendant inform the retailers in Malaysia that the Licensed System
was the Plaintiff’s. Things took a turn, however, when the 2004 Agreement was
terminated.

83 The Defendant asserts that it sent letters to retailers and marketers
notifying them that its licence agreement with OMG Asia had been terminated.
It informed them that the names of the advertising media would thus be
changed, for example, from “Shelf Vision” to “Pos Vision”. However, it should
be noted that the letters were only sent to the Defendant’s contracting
counterparts on 21 April 2009\. The letters also indicated that the 2004
Agreement was terminated on 30 June 2009 instead of 3 March 2009 and stated
that “with the name change all contracts with our customers and suppliers
shall remain in effect”. This appeared to suggest that the Defendant continued
to enjoy the right to provide the Licensed Products and that the Licensed
Products originated from it.

84 The Defendant asserts that it changed the hardware for its products, such
as the clips and frames used to mount the advertisements onto the shelves,
immediately on termination of the 2004 Agreement. It was not clear when the
hardware was substituted, or whether the Defendant informed the retailers and
marketers that it was changing these products because the 2004 Agreement was
terminated. In any event, the Defendant still adopted the use of shelf-mounted
banners for its in-store advertising media. The differences in the colour and
mechanism of the clips does not detract from this finding.

85 On the issue of damage, no evidence of actual damage was adduced by the
Plaintiff. The Plaintiff submitted that likelihood of damage would be readily
inferred where the plaintiff’s and defendant’s goods and services are in
competition with each other. However, I find that even if misrepresentation
and damage is established, the inability to show goodwill in the get-up of the
Licensed System and names of the Licensed Products is fatal to the Plaintiff’s
passing off claim.

Conclusion

86 I find that the Defendant has not made out any defence to the Plaintiff’s
claim for arrears of royalty payments. However, I note that there was a period
between the termination of the Master Licence Agreement on 22 April 1999 and
the commencement of the 2002 Agreement on 1 July 2002 during which the
Plaintiff did not have any rights which it could sub-license to the Defendant.
It follows that the Plaintiff should not be allowed to collect royalties for
that period. As such, I order the Defendant to pay the Plaintiff the
outstanding royalties of RM967,753.45 less the amount for the above period.

87 The Plaintiff’s plea for an injunction to restrain the Defendant from using
the Licensed System or anything similar to it is denied as is the Plaintiff’s
plea for an injunction against the Defendant with respect to passing off and
use of the allegedly Cloned Products.

88 It follows that the Plaintiff’s plea for an account of all revenue and
profit generated from the continued use of the Licensed System and/or of the
Cloned Products and/or from alleged acts of passing off is also dismissed.

89 The Defendant’s counterclaim is dismissed except for the declaration sought
that cl 9.3 of the 2004 Agreement is in restraint of trade.

90 I will hear the parties on costs.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 17 Nov 2011 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

