Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Doshion Ltd _v_ Sembawang Engineers and Constructors Pte Ltd  
[2011] SGHC 46

Case Number| :| Originating Summons No 132 of 2011 (Summons No 767 of 2011)  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 28 February 2011  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Choo Han Teck J  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  A Verghis and Sandra Tan (Drew & Napier LLC) for the
Plaintiff; Mohan Pillay and Yeo Boon Tat (MPillay) for the Defendant.  
Parties| :|  Doshion Ltd — Sembawang Engineers and Constructors Pte Ltd  
  
28 February 2011| Judgment reserved.  
---|---  
  
Choo Han Teck J:

1 Doshion Limited (“the plaintiff”) is an Indian Company and Sembawang
Engineers and Constructors Pte Ltd (“the defendant”) is a Singaporean Company.
The plaintiff was the defendant’s sub-contractor. A dispute arose from two
sub-contracts (“the Sub-Contracts”) between them. The parties commenced
arbitration proceedings (“the Arbitration”) under the arbitration clause in
the Sub-Contracts. The Arbitration was scheduled for ten days and was to start
on Monday, 28 February 2011. On Thursday, 24 February 2011 the plaintiff
applied in this Originating Summons to stop the arbitration, and prayed for:

(1)

A declaration that the plaintiff and the defendant had reached a binding
settlement agreement on a “drop hands” basis (“the Settlement Agreement”) for
all disputes in respect of or in connection with the Arbitration.

(2)

A declaration that the Arbitration was terminated pursuant to the Settlement
Agreement; and

(3)

An injunction to restrain the defendant from continuing with the Arbitration.

Counsel for the plaintiff submitted that all disputes in the Arbitration were
settled on 15 February 2011 because the plaintiff had accepted the defendant’s
proposal in the Settlement Agreement (which counsel conceded was an oral
agreement reached between the solicitors for the parties). As such, counsel
argued, the Arbitration should have been terminated as of that date.

2 The defendant disputed the existence of the Settlement Agreement. Further,
the defendant contended that the right and power to decide whether there was a
Settlement Agreement lay within the jurisdiction of the arbitral tribunal. The
defendant interpreted the plaintiff’s argument to be a claim that the arbitral
tribunal had become _functus officio_ by reason of the Settlement Agreement.
This argument that the arbitral tribunal had become _functus officio_ amounted
to a challenge to the tribunal’s jurisdiction. In support of this, the
defendant relied on the case of _Dawes v Treasure & Son Ltd_ [2010] EWHC 3218
where it was accepted that the issue of whether an arbitrator is _functus
officio_ went to the jurisdiction of the arbitrator. In my view, the position
of the arbitrator in this case was not __functus__ when it had not even begun
to hear.

3 If there is no dispute between the parties, naturally the arbitration clause
cannot be invoked. However, once a dispute arises, including a dispute as to
whether there is a dispute at all, the matter falls into the hands of the
arbitrator. In construing the scope of the arbitration clause, the purpose of
an arbitration clause is vital. It was said in _Fiona Trust & Holding Corp v
Privalov_ [2007] UKHL 40, that where parties have entered into a relationship
or an agreement which may give rise to disputes, they will want those disputes
to be decided by the tribunal chosen under the arbitration clause. Where
international contracts are concerned, as in the instant case, the parties
will want a quick and efficient adjudication; not risk delay and, in some
cases, partiality, in proceedings before a domestic court. The court went on
to hold:

[7] If one accepts that this is the purpose of an arbitration clause, its
construction must be influenced by whether the parties, as rational
businessmen, were likely to have intended that only some of the questions
arising out of their relationship were to be submitted to arbitration and
others were to be decided by national courts. ... If, as appears to be
generally accepted, there is no rational basis upon which businessmen would be
likely to wish to have questions of the validity or enforceability of the
contract decided by one tribunal and questions about its performance decided
by another, one would need to find very clear language before deciding that
they must have had such an intention.

[13] ... the construction of an arbitration clause should start from the
assumption that the parties, as rational businessmen, are likely to have
intended _any dispute arising out of the relationship into which they have
entered or purported to enter to be decided by the same tribunal_.

[emphasis added]

4 Even though the plaintiff might be right to say that the Settlement
Agreement is a independent contract from the Sub-Contracts, the dispute over
the existence of the Settlement Agreement is nevertheless a ‘dispute arising
out of the relationship into which [the parties] had entered’. Was there a
dispute between the parties, and if so, had it been resolved? These are
questions that go to the root and nature of disputes, and they are thus part
of the arbitrator’s jurisdiction. The reason why the Settlement Agreement
purportedly came into existence was to settle the Arbitration, as counsel
conceded. Whether the Settlement Agreement was a separate contract
unrestrained by an arbitration clause was not the question. Unless the wording
of the arbitration clause in the Sub-Contracts clearly states otherwise, the
determination of the existence of the Settlement Agreement is for the arbitral
tribunal and should not be stolen from its hands by an injunction obtained in
present circumstances. The Sub-Contracts in question have not been tendered
before me, presumably because of the urgency of the plaintiff’s application.
Even so, the scope of the arbitration clause is a matter for the arbitration
tribunal to decide on as it goes to the jurisdiction of the tribunal. Section
3 of the International Arbitration Act (Cap. 143A) provides that the Model Law
shall have the force of law in Singapore, and Article 16 of the Model Law
provides that the arbitral tribunal may rule on its own jurisdiction.

5 The plaintiff’s application is therefore dismissed. I shall hear the
question of costs at a later date if parties are unable to agree costs.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 28 Feb 2011 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

