Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Pang Chew Kim (next of kin of Poon Wai Tong, deceased) _v_ Wartsila
Singapore Pte Ltd and another  
[2011] SGHC 194

Case Number| :| OS No 1251 of 2010  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 23 August 2011  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Tay Yong Kwang J  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  N Sreenivasan and Ahmad Nizam Abbas (Straits Law Practice
LLC) for the Applicant; Eu Hai Meng (United Legal Alliance) for the 2nd
Respondent.  
Parties| :|  Pang Chew Kim (next of kin of Poon Wai Tong, deceased) — Wartsila
Singapore Pte Ltd and another  
  
23 August 2011| Judgment reserved.  
---|---  
  
Tay Yong Kwang J:

1 The Applicant is the next-of-kin of the deceased Mr Poon Wai Tong (the
“Deceased”). She lodged a claim for compensation under the Work Injury
Compensation Act (Cap 354, 2009 Rev Ed) (“WICA”) in respect of the death of
the Deceased. Wartsila Singapore Pte Ltd (the “1st Respondent”) was the
employer of the Deceased which had obtained workmen’s compensation insurance
cover from India International Insurance Pte Ltd (the “2nd Respondent”). The
1st Respondent did not contest the present application.

2 The Deceased passed away in Cambodia on 1 September 2008 in a hotel room at
around 11am, Cambodia time. No autopsy was performed and the death certificate
registered on 2 September 2008 in Daun Penh District, Cambodia, did not
contain any cause of death.

3 By a Notice of Assessment dated 25 May 2009, the Commissioner for Labour
(the “Commissioner”) assessed that no compensation was payable because death
was not caused by an accident arising out of and in the course of employment.
The Applicant lodged an objection to this Notice of Assessment and at the
conclusion of the hearing of the matter, the Commissioner maintained the
position taken in the assessment. The present application by way of this
originating summons is an appeal against the Commissioner’s decision.

Facts

4 The facts of this case are not in dispute. The Deceased was employed as a
general manager by the 1st Respondent since 2 January 1987. As a general
manager, he reported directly to the managing director of the company, one Mr
Ong Ban Leong (“Ong”). The Deceased was required in the course of his
employment to work outside Singapore periodically. Ong confirmed that he had
travelled many times with the Deceased on business trips.

5 Ong gave evidence that the Deceased’s travelling itinerary for this
particular trip included travelling to Phnom Penh, Bangkok, Hanoi and Ho Chih
Minh City. Phnom Penh, Cambodia was the first stop of the business trip which
was scheduled to last from 31 August 2008 to 5 September 2008. The Deceased
was in Phnom Penh to attend, among other things, an anniversary dinner of
Khmer Electrical Power (“KEP”) on 31 August 2008 (as representative of the 1st
Respondent) and more importantly, a meeting on 1 September 2008 to discuss a
debt owed by KEP to the 1st Respondent. Upon arrival in Phnom Penh on 31
August 2008, the Deceased was met by the 1st Respondent’s representative in
Cambodia, Mr Jonathan Lim Balayan (“Lim”). Lim and the Deceased parted ways at
the airport, agreeing to meet at the anniversary dinner later that evening.
From the airport, the Deceased drove a company car (owned by the 1st
Respondent) to Phnom Penh Hotel.

6 At the anniversary dinner, Lim suggested that the Deceased meet with
Cambodia Brewery Ltd (“CBL”) as it could be a potential client of the 1st
Respondent. The Deceased agreed to meet CBL the next day before the scheduled
meeting with KEP at 11am. Lim arranged to pick up the Deceased from Phnom Penh
Hotel at 9am the next morning for the meeting with CBL. The hotel’s
Surveillance Department’s report showed that the Deceased returned to his room
alone at 1.31am on 1 September 2008 and that no one else entered the room from
then until 10.58am.

7 On the morning of 1 September 2008, Lim was in office completing a report
for his superior. As a result, Lim was late in leaving his office to pick up
the Deceased from Phnom Penh Hotel. At about 9.45am, after Lim had left his
office, he received a call from the Deceased but hung up on the call as he did
not hear any voice on the line. At about 10.20am, when Lim was already driving
towards Phnom Penh Hotel, he received another call from the Deceased asking
for medical assistance as the Deceased was having difficulty breathing.
Sometime between 10.30am and 10.45am, Lim reached Phnom Penh Hotel and
subsequently managed to open the Deceased’s room door with the assistance of
the hotel staff. Upon entry into the room, the Deceased was found dead. He was
clad in shorts and an undershirt with his upper body on the bed and his legs
on the floor at the end of the bed. A pair of trousers was hung on the chair
next to a table. A laptop was found on that table, although Lim could not
confirm whether the laptop was turned on at that time. Lim also testified that
there were no personal items around the room and suggested that it appeared as
if the Deceased was ready to check out of the room.

The Commissioner’s findings

8 After hearing the evidence adduced at the hearing, the Commissioner found
that the Deceased’s death did not arise out of and in the course of his
employment with the 1st Respondent.[note: 1] According to the Commissioner,
there was no evidence that the Deceased was involved in any work prior to his
death.[note: 2] The Commissioner took into consideration the following:

(a)

No work-related emails were received that morning;[note: 3]

(b)

Although the Deceased had made phone calls requesting medical assistance,
these phone calls did not seem to arise out of any work related to any of the
meetings that the Deceased was to attend that morning;[note: 4]

(c)

There was no evidence on any presentation or preliminary discussion with
regard to the intended meeting with the potential client, CBL;[note: 5] and

(d)

If the Deceased had been working, he would probably have prepared the
documents necessary for discussion with KEP. The fact that there was no
evidence of any of these documents present when the Deceased was found in the
hotel room suggested that he had not been working at the material time.[note:
6]

9 Based on the above evidence, the Commissioner held that the Deceased was
merely waiting for Lim to pick him up for the meetings with CBL and KEP.[note:
7] The Commissioner was accordingly of the view that the Deceased was in a
position similar to someone waiting at home for transport to arrive to bring
him to office.[note: 8] The Commissioner held that this was _not_ to be
considered as being in the course of employment, referring to the decision of
Lai Siu Chiu JC in _QBE Insurance (International) Ltd v Julaiha Bee Bee and
others_ [1992] 1 SLR 406 (“ _QBE Insurance_ ”) at [23]:

The paramount rule is that an employee travelling on the highway will be
acting in the course of his employment if, and only if, he is at the material
time going about his employer’s business. _One must not confuse the duty to
turn up for one’s work with the concept of already being ‘on duty’ while
travelling to it_. [emphasis added]

10 The Commissioner also pointed out that in _Ma Kit Ching Veronica v Attorney
General_ [1983] 1 HKC 470, Deputy Judge Grindey held that an employee cannot
claim compensation if at the time of the accident he had finished his duty for
the day, in other words, when he had “clocked off”.[note: 9] In the
Commissioner’s view, the Deceased would have “clocked on” only when he was
present at a work-related meeting, not when he was waiting for transport (_ie_
Lim) to arrive.[note: 10]

11 The Commissioner further considered the presumption provided in s 3(6) of
the WICA and found that it was not applicable and therefore the burden of the
Appellant to prove the claim did not shift to the 2nd Respondent.[note: 11]
Section 3(6) provides:

For the purposes of this Act, an accident arising in the course of an
employee’s employment shall be deemed, in the absence of evidence to the
contrary, to have arisen out of that employment.

In the Commissioner’s view, s 3(6) may only be invoked where it is certain
that the accident occurred _in the course of employment_ , but it was
uncertain as to whether the _accident arose out of that employment_ in this
case.[note: 12] In a case where there was uncertainty as to whether the
accident even occurred in the course of employment in the first place, s 3(6)
of the WICA would not apply.[note: 13] In making this decision, the
Commissioner relied on the decision of Kan Ting Chiu J in _Karuppiah
Ravichandran v GDS Engineering Pte Ltd and another_ [2009] 3 SLR(R) 1028 (“
_Karuppiah_ ”) at [24]:

The presumption in s 3(6) does not arise whenever a worker is injured in an
accident. It applies to accidents arising in the course of his employment.
When the Commissioner found that the accident did not arise in the course of
the applicant’s employment, the presumption in s 3(6) did not apply.

On the facts as found by the Commissioner, the Commissioner held that the
presumption in s 3(6) did not arise because the accident could not be said to
have arisen in the course of the Deceased’s employment.

Issues before this court

12 An employer’s liability for compensation is imposed by s 3(1) of the WICA,
which reads:

**Employer’s liability for compensation**

3\. —(1) If in any employment _personal injury_ by _accident arising out of
and in the course of the employment_ is caused to an employee, his employer
shall be liable to pay compensation in accordance with the provisions of this
Act.

…

[emphasis added]

By virtue of s 2(4), the WICA applies to an accident happening to an employee
outside Singapore where the employee is ordinarily resident in Singapore and
is employed by an employer in Singapore but is required in the course of his
employment to work outside Singapore.

13 Under s 3(1), an employee has to prove three elements before establishing
an employer’s liability for compensation: (a) the employee suffered _personal
injury_ ; (b) the injury was caused by an _accident_ ; and (c) the accident
arose out of and in the _course of his employment_ (_Allianz Insurance Co
(Singapore) Pte and others v Ma Shoudong and another_ [2011] SGHC 106 (“
_Allianz Insurance_ ”) at [11], citing _NTUC Income Insurance Co-operative Ltd
and another v Next of kin of Narayasamy s/o Ramasamy, deceased_ [2006] 4
SLR(R) 507 (“ _Narayasamy_ ”) at [20]).

14 The first element (“personal injury”) was not disputed by the parties,
since the personal injury suffered by the Deceased was his death. The latter
two elements (“accident” and “course of… employment”) reflect the two main
issues on appeal before this court:

(a)

Whether there was an “accident” for the purposes of s 3(1) of the WICA; and

(b)

Whether the accident arose out of and in the course of employment for the
purposes of s 3(1) of the WICA.

15 Before turning to address the issues proper, however, it is prudent to
first address the preliminary point on whether the Appellant has a right to
appeal to the High Court on the two main issues.

Preliminary issue: appeals from the Commissioner

16 An appeal to the High Court from a decision of the Commissioner made under
the WICA is possible only where a “substantial question of law is involved in
the appeal” and “the amount in dispute is not less than $1,000” (s 29(2A) of
the WICA). Section 29 of the WICA is reproduced here for convenience:

**Appeal from decision of Commissioner**

29\. —(1) Subject to section 24(3B), any person aggrieved by any order of the
Commissioner made under this Act may appeal to the High Court whose decision
shall be final.

(2) Subject to the Rules of Court, the procedure in an appeal to the High
Court shall be the procedure in a civil appeal from a District Court with such
modifications as the circumstances may require.

(2A) No appeal shall lie against any order unless a _substantial question of
law_ is involved in the appeal and the _amount in dispute is not less than
$1,000_.

(3) Notwithstanding any appeal under this section, the employer shall deposit
with the Commissioner the amount of compensation ordered by the Commissioner
under section 25B, 25C or 25D within 21 days from the date of the
Commissioner’s decision, and the deposit shall be held by the Commissioner
pending the outcome of the appeal.

[emphasis added]

17 The parties in the present case did not raise any issues regarding s
29(2A), implying that they agreed that substantial questions of law were
involved in the present appeal. Nonetheless, for completeness, I turn to make
some brief observations on the right of appeal to the High Court from a
decision of the Commissioner and to assess whether there were indeed
substantial questions of law raised in the present appeal.

18 Several precedent decisions of this court have elaborated on the
requirement of a “substantive question of law” in s 29(2A). Section 29(2A)
reflects the policy that decisions of the Commissioner are not to be examined
as though they are decisions of a court of law (_Karuppiah_ at [9]), as
evinced through Parliamentary debates which state the intention of the WICA is
to provide “a simpler and quicker way to settle compensation claims by
avoiding protracted legal proceedings” (_Allianz Insurance_ at [20]).

19 It should be noted that the “question of law” test for appeals from
decisions of statutory tribunals (such as the Commissioner in the present
case) is different from that for appeals from arbitrators, since as a matter
of policy, there must be a greater degree of judicial supervision over the
former (_Ng Swee Lang v Sassoon Samuel Bernard_ [2008] 1 SLR(R) 522 (“ _Ng
Swee Lang_ ”) at [24] and [25], _Karuppiah_ at [14] and _Selvam Raju v
Camelron General Contractors and another_ [2010] 2 SLR 1113 (“ _Selvam Raju_
”) at [7]). In determining the range of errors of law that may provide grounds
for appeal under s 29(2A), the courts have accepted the full range of errors
of law listed in _Halsbury’s Laws of England_ vol 1(1) (Butterworths, 4th Ed
Reissue, 1989) at paragraph 70:

... misinterpretation of a statute or any other legal document or a rule of
common law; asking oneself and answering the wrong question, taking irrelevant
considerations into account or failing to take relevant considerations into
account when purporting to apply the law to the facts; admitting inadmissible
evidence or rejecting admissible and relevant evidence; exercising a
discretion on the basis of incorrect legal principles; giving reasons which
disclose faulty legal reasoning or which are inadequate to fulfil an express
duty to give reasons, and misdirecting oneself as to the burden of proof.

20 In addition, the courts have accepted Lord Radcliffe’s statement in
_Edwards (Inspector of Taxes) v Bairstow_ [1956] AC 14 at 36 that a factual
finding which was such that “no person acting judicially and properly
instructed as to the relevant law could have come to the determination upon
appeal” amounted to a misconception or error in point of law (_Karuppiah_ at
[13], _Selvam Raju_ at [7]). However, not every wrong finding of fact would
amount to a substantial question of law. In the final analysis, the nature and
effect of the error will be considered and such errors must have a bearing on
the ultimate decision (_Karuppiah_ at [15]).

21 Turning to the two main issues on appeal in the present case (see above at
[14]), it is clear that both involve “substantial questions of law” as defined
in [19] and [20] above. Both issues involve statutory interpretation of s 3(1)
of the WICA (especially the terms “accident” and “course of employment”). They
also deal with inferences drawn by the Commissioner from the facts that the
Commissioner had found. While the court will not generally disturb findings of
facts unless they are such that “no person acting judicially and properly
instructed as to the relevant law could have come to the determination upon
appeal” (_Karuppiah_ at [13]), there is no similar rule precluding courts from
assessing the robustness of inferences drawn from the facts as found by the
Commissioner.

22 Having stated that this is a case where the issues raised are appealable to
the High Court, I turn now to address the two issues involved in this appeal.

Whether there was an “accident” for the purposes of s 3(1)

23 On the issue of whether there was an “accident” for the purposes of s 3(1),
it is apposite to refer to _Narayasamy_ , where Menon JC interpreted the
meaning of “accident” by drawing from the House of Lords’ interpretation of
the equivalent English statute (which is _in pari materia_ with s 3(1) of the
WICA). The relevant passages from _Narayasamy_ are reproduced here:

23 Lord Loreburn LC, speaking in the majority, first considered whether this
could be described as an accident and held that it could following the
decision of the House of Lords in  _Fenton v Thorley & Co Ltd_ [1903] AC 443.
His Lordship noted as follows at 245-246:

The first question here is whether or not the learned judge was entitled to
regard the rupture as an "accident" within the meaning of this Act. In my
opinion, he was so entitled. Certainly it was an "untoward event." It was not
designed. It was unexpected in what seems to me the relevant sense, namely,
that a sensible man who knew the nature of the work would not have expected
it. I cannot agree with the argument presented to your Lordships that you are
to ask whether a doctor acquainted with the man's condition would have
expected it. Were that the right view, then it would not be an accident if a
man very liable to fainting fits fell in a faint from a ladder and hurt
himself. No doubt the ordinary accident is associated with something external;
the bursting of a boiler, or an explosion in a mine, for example. But it may
be merely from the main's own miscalculation, such as tripping and falling. Or
it may be due both to internal and external conditions, as if a seaman were to
faint in the rigging and tumble into the sea. I think it may also be something
going wrong within the human frame itself, such as the straining of a muscle
or the breaking of a blood vessel. If that occurred when he was lifting a
weight it would be properly described as an accident. So, I think, rupturing
an aneurism when tightening a nut with a spanner may be regarded as an
accident.

24 It is thus apparent that an "accident" within the meaning of the English
statute (which is in _pari materia_ with s 3(1) of the Act) **_would include
an internal medical condition that caused an unexpected injury while the
workman was carrying out his work_**.

[emphasis added in bold italics]

24 The parties agreed on the interpretation of “accident” as adopted in
_Narayasamy_ , _viz_ , that it would “include an internal medical condition
that caused an unexpected injury while the workman was carrying out his work”.
The parties agreed that the Deceased had died from circumstances that
resembled a cardiac arrest and further agreed that if the death was _indeed_
caused by cardiac arrest, it would be considered, on the authority of
_Narayasamy_ , to be caused by an “accident” within the meaning of s 3(1). The
only dispute concerning the requirement of an “accident” stemmed from the 2nd
Respondent’s argument that since the _precise cause of death_ was not proved
by the Appellant, it could not be said that the Deceased’s death had been
caused by an “accident”.

25 Considering the circumstantial evidence that is available, namely, the
phone calls made by the Deceased and, in particular, a phone call seeking
medical assistance for breathing difficulties (see [7] above), I am of the
view that the death was, on a balance of probabilities, caused by cardiac
arrest. Accordingly, I find that the Deceased’s death was caused by an
“accident” within the meaning of s 3(1).

26 At this juncture, I pause to record several observations on the use of the
term “accident” in s 3(1). The word “accident” is defined in the Oxford
English Dictionary to mean “an _unfortunate incident_ that happens
_unexpectedly_ and _unintentionally_ , typically resulting in damage or
injury” (emphasis added).[note: 14] This definition would, at least on a
literal reading, allow the word “accident” to include – as the court in
_Narayasamy_ held – an internal medical condition that caused an unexpected
injury while the workman was carrying out his work”. It could of course be
argued that it is not in line with the common understanding of the word
“accident” to include something which happens as a result of a person’s
“internal medical condition”. Some may accordingly view _Narayasamy_ as
providing an overly broad interpretation of “accident”.

27 I sympathise with those who think that the word “accident” had been
stretched beyond its common usage in _Narayasamy_. Nonetheless, in my view,
the liberal interpretation of “accident” adopted in _Narayasamy_ is justified.
It is clear that s 9A of the Interpretation Act (Cap 1, 2002 Rev Ed) enjoins
courts to prefer an interpretation that would promote the purpose underlying
any particular legislation. The WICA describes itself as being “[a]n Act
relating to the payment of compensation to employees for injury suffered in
the course of their employment”. Being a piece of social legislation, the WICA
should be interpreted purposively in favour of employees who have suffered
injury during their employment. The _Narayasamy_ interpretation is therefore
entirely in line with the purpose of the WICA.

28 An interesting point to note is the relationship between ss 3(1) and 3(5)
of the WICA, stemming from the use of the word “accident” in the former.
Section 3(1) has been set out at [12] above. Section 3(5) of the WICA
provides:

(5) An employer shall not be liable to pay compensation in respect of —

(a) any injury to an employee resulting from an accident if it is proved that
the injury to the employee is directly attributable to the employee having
been at the time thereof under the influence of alcohol or a drug not
prescribed by a medical practitioner; or

(b) any incapacity or death resulting from a deliberate self-injury or the
deliberate aggravation of an accidental injury.

29 To recap, s 3(1) is the gateway to liability under s 3 of the WICA; the
three elements of s 3(1), the second of which being that the injury must have
been caused by an “accident”, must be fulfilled before an employer is liable
to pay compensation to an employee. However, s 3(5)(b) excludes an employer’s
liability for “any incapacity or death resulting from a _deliberate self-
injury_ …” (emphasis added). It is difficult to see how a particular claim
could pass through the s 3(1) gateway but subsequently be excluded by virtue
of s 3(5)(b), since a “deliberate self-injury” could hardly be considered an
“accident” in the first place. Of course, one way to rationalise the
provisions is to interpret the “deliberate self-injury” component of s 3(5)(b)
as dealing with a class of cases that does not fall within s 3(1) in the first
place but if that were the case, then s 3(5)(b) would not be necessary since
there is no liability apart from s 3(1). An “accident” which is proved to have
been faked or planned would be no accident at all.

30 The situation in relation to ss 3(1) and 3(5) may be avoided if the term
“accident” (which already connotes something unintentional) is replaced by a
more general term, for instance, “incident” (which is defined by the Oxford
English Dictionary to mean “an instance of something happening; an event or
occurrence”).[note: 15] The “deliberate self-injury” (referred to in s
3(5)(b)) would be an “incident” although it is not an “accident”.

31 In addition, replacing the word “accident” in the WICA with “incident” (or
some other suitable term) would, I think, be more palatable to linguistic
purists who may object quite legitimately to describing someone who suffered a
heart attack as having had an “accident”. It would obviate the need for an
expansive or over liberal meaning to be given to the word “accident”.

Whether the accident arose out of and in the “course of the employment”

32 The next issue (which is also the main issue in dispute in the present
case) is whether the accident arose in the “course of the employment”. This is
a requirement to be met before liability can be established under s 3(1) of
the WICA. The parties agreed that if the accident was found to have arisen in
the “course of employment”, then it would, pursuant to s 3(6) of the WICA, be
deemed to have arisen out of that employment. To repeat, s 3(6) provides:

For the purposes of this Act, an accident arising in the course of an
employee’s employment shall be deemed, in the absence of evidence to the
contrary, to have arisen out of that employment.

In other words, the parties are agreed that all that is required in the
present case is to determine whether the accident arose in the “course of
employment” since there is no contradicting evidence.

33 As noted at [9] above, the Commissioner relied on the case of _QBE
Insurance_ in determining that the Deceased, while waiting for Lim’s
transport, was not in the course of employment. The House of Lords’ decision
in _Charles R Davidson and Company v M’Robb or Officer_ [1918] AC 304 (“
_Davidson_ ”) is instructive and it is apposite to reproduce extracts of the
judgments of three of the learned Law Lords in that case. I begin with the
dissenting opinion of Lord Finlay LC (at 314-315):

“In the course of the employment” must mean, similarly, in the _course of the
work which the man is employed to do, and what is incident to it_ – in other
words, in the course of his service. In the case of a domestic servant who
sleeps and takes his meals in his master’s house he is in the course of his
service all the time – his service is interrupted if he goes out on his own
business or pleasure. A workman who by the terms of his employment takes his
meals on his employer’s premises is in the course of his service in being
there at meal-times. In either case the master or employer would be liable for
damage caused by such an accident…

…

_“In the course of the employment” does not mean during the currency of the
time of the engagement_. If the words meant this they would be useless, and
would add nothing to the words “arising out of the employment,” while to
interpret them in this sense would let in the possibility of a number of
claims of the nature above indicated which the words “in the course of the
employment” rightly read as meaning in the course of the work or service would
exclude. If “in the course of the employment” meant during the currency of the
engagement a sailor engaged for a round voyage would be in the course of his
employment while in a public-house in any port where he had leave to go on
shore. _“Course” is more applicable to work or service than to the currency of
the engagement. Leave on shore on the sailor’s own business or pleasure is an
interruption of his employment, not in the course of it_.

[emphasis added]

Lord Dunedin noted (at 321) that:

… In my view “in the course of employment” is a different thing from “during
the period of employment.” It connotes, to my mind, the idea that the workman
or servant is doing something which is part of his service to his employer or
master. _No doubt it need not be actual work, but it must, I think, be work,
or the natural incidents connected with the class of work_ – e.g., in the
workman’s case the taking of meals during the hours of labour; in the
servant’s, not only the taking of meals, but _resting and sleeping_ , which
follow from the fact that domestic servants generally live and sleep under the
master’s roof. … [emphasis added]

Lord Atkinson provided further guidance on determining whether an employee was
“in the course of employment” at the material time (at 327):

… The words “in course of his employment” mean, I think, while the workman is
doing something he is employed to do. In the case of a sailor who lives on
board his ship, or an indoor servant who lives in his master’s house, these
words would of course cover and include things _necessarily incidental to his
service there – such as taking his meals, sleeping, resting, &c_. In
satisfying these demands of nature the sailor is as truly doing something
within the course of his employment as he would be in keeping a look-out or
going aloft. … [emphasis added]

34 It should be noted that in _Allianz Insurance_ , Lai JC cited Lord Findlay
LC’s dicta in _Davidson_ with approval and went on to find that the deceased
in _Allianz Insurance_ was within the course of his employment despite being
on a break after his shift had ended and despite there being no evidence that
he was actually doing work at the time of death. The present case is concerned
with a situation in which an employee is sent overseas on a business trip.
Accordingly, I limit my observations to the context of employees going on
overseas working trips. One possible interpretation is that an employee on an
overseas working trip is considered to be in the “course of employment” for
the _entire period_ that he is overseas. Another possible interpretation is
that the employee is considered to be in the “course of employment” only
during the time that he is actively at work, and not, for instance, when he is
having meals or sleeping. To my mind, however, both interpretations are
extreme and cannot represent the law with regard to the “course of employment”
under s 3(1) of the WICA. The former interpretation is clearly too broad. It
would, for instance, render an employer liable for an employee’s injury where
the employee chooses to do extreme sports on a free day between business
meetings. Such an action by the employee would, to borrow Lord Finlay LC’s
words, be “an _interruption_ of his employment, not in the course of it”
(emphasis added). In contrast, the latter interpretation is clearly too
narrow. It would, for instance, render an employee without compensation simply
because he had been taking a breather from work when tragedy struck. Such an
interpretation would starkly contradict the opinions of Lords Dunedin and
Atkinson, that “natural [or necessary] incidents” connected to work would fall
within the course of employment as well.

35 In my opinion, the proper approach to take falls somewhere between the
extreme approaches outlined in the preceding paragraph. Some examples will be
useful to illustrate the necessity of a fact-sensitive approach in determining
whether an employee was in the “course of employment” at the material time. In
some cases, it is reasonably clear that the employee is not in the course of
employment when he suffered the injury. For instance, if an employee travels
on a working trip to London and thereafter heads to Paris for a vacation
before returning, any injury occasioned during the period of time when he is
in Paris would not be in the course of employment – his presence in Paris
cannot generally be said to be _incidental_ to his work. There are, however,
situations which are less clear. Take the example of an employee who travels
for a working trip that involves numerous meetings and little time for leisure
activities; _prima facie_ , the entire trip would be considered to be in the
course of employment, since his presence overseas may be said to be
“necessarily incidental” to his work. However, if the employee chooses to go
bungee jumping during a period of free time between meetings and injures
himself in the process, this would probably not be sufficiently _incidental_
to the course of work and accordingly constitutes a “frolic of the employee’s
own”, a “deviation” from or an “interruption” to the course of employment. On
the other hand, if there was evidence that the employee had gone bungee
jumping for the purposes of building business relations with a particular
client, then it could conceivably be argued that the injury from bungee
jumping was caused in the course of employment.

36 The process of determining whether an employee was, at the material time of
suffering injury, in the “course of employment”, is a _highly factual
inquiry_. An analogy may be made with tort cases relating to whether an
employer is vicariously liable for acts done by an employee in the course of
employment. From those cases, it is clear that whether a detour by an employee
is a “frolic of his own” or is conversely in the course of employment, is a
matter of fact and degree (see _eg Joel v Morison_ (1834) 6 C&P 501, _Whatman
v Pearson_ (1868) LR 3 CP 422 and _Storey v Ashton_ (1869) LR 4 QB 476). In my
view, the factual nature of the test applies equally in the context of
determining whether, for purposes of work injury compensation, the employee
concerned was “in the course of employment” when injury was suffered. It is
neither helpful nor appropriate for courts to attempt to phrase a precise
legal test to govern all situations, given that the question whether an
employee was in the “course of employment” is essentially a fact-specific
inquiry. Indeed, this brings to mind a recent exhortation of the Court of
Appeal in _Shadrake Alan v PP_ [2011] SGCA 26 at [29], albeit in a very
different context, that “seeking to elaborate upon a legal test whose efficacy
is to be demonstrated more in its _application_ rather than its theoretical
elaboration is, with respect, perhaps an approach that should be avoided”
(emphasis in original).

37 I would specifically mention one consideration to be taken into account
when determining whether, as a matter of fact, the employee was in the “course
of employment” at the material time. I have earlier (at [27] above) alluded to
the fact that the WICA is social legislation which should be interpreted
purposively in favour of employees who have suffered injury during their
employment. The WICA must continue to be relevant to the realities of
contemporary working environments and conditions. Increasingly, work is no
longer confined to specific places and times, especially for white-collar
employees (such as the Deceased). Accordingly, the concept of being in the
“course of employment” must accommodate and reflect these changes in modern
working life.

38 Returning to the facts of the present case, it should be noted that it was
undisputed that the _entire trip was a working trip_. No leisure activities
were planned. Indeed, on the very day that the Deceased landed in Phnom Penh,
he attended KEP’s anniversary dinner as a representative of the 1st
Respondent. The next morning, he was going to meet with CBL for business
matters and thereafter with KEP for an important meeting to resolve financial
issues. The very afternoon after the meeting with KEP, the Deceased was
scheduled to fly to Bangkok for further work-related purposes. There was no
“interruption” whatsoever that brings the case outside the _prima facie_
position that the Deceased was in the “course of employment” at the material
time. Indeed, the Deceased’s being in his hotel room on the fateful morning
was _necessarily incidental_ to his work for the 1stRespondent.

39 Even if leisure activities were included as part of the programme, so long
as they were sanctioned by the employer, they would not amount to a break in
employment. This accords with present day working life where leisure, team-
building and morale-boosting activities are part and parcel of employment.

40 I accept the Commissioner’s findings that there was no evidence of work-
related emails or that the Deceased had prepared the documents necessary for
discussion with KEP when he was found at 11am that fateful morning.
Nonetheless, it should be noted that the fact that there was no _actual work_
at that point in time does not mean that the Deceased could not be considered
to have been in the course of employment (see the judgments of Lords Dunedin
and Atkinson in _Davidson_ , reproduced at [33] above). Indeed, I note that
the Deceased’s employers fully recognised and accepted that the Deceased died
in the course of employment. Ong gave uncontroverted evidence that the
Deceased was “a very disciplined and professional man” and that from his
experience of working with the Deceased for over 20 years, including
travelling with him on several business trips, he was certain that the
Deceased would have spent the morning of 1 September 2010 preparing himself
for the meeting with KEP. That is something entirely reasonable in the
circumstances of this case and perhaps in most cases of overseas work trips as
well, especially those with a demanding schedule.

41 In the circumstances, I find that the Deceased suffered what appeared
highly likely to be a cardiac arrest in the “course of employment”. By virtue
of s 3(6), the accident would be deemed to have arisen out of the Deceased’s
employment (see [32] above).

Conclusion

42 For the reasons given above, I find that the requirements under s 3(1) of
the WICA were made out and the employer’s liability was established. The
application for the Commissioner’s decision to be reversed is therefore
granted. Costs are awarded to the Applicant to be taxed or agreed between the
parties.

* * *

[note: 1]_Phang Chiew Kim (NOK of Poon Wai Tong) v Wartsila Singapore Pte Ltd
and India International Insurance Pte Ltd_ , Case No 0820791E, Grounds of
Decision of Assistant Commissioner (Work Injury Compensation) Jimmy Khoo Lian
Wai (“GD”) at [5].

[note: 2]GD at [11]-[24]

[note: 3]GD at [25]

[note: 4]GD at [25]

[note: 5]GD at [25]

[note: 6]GD at [28]

[note: 7]GD at [28]

[note: 8]GD at [28]

[note: 9]GD at [29]

[note: 10]GD at [29]

[note: 11]GD at [5]

[note: 12]GD at [5]

[note: 13]GD at [5]

[note: 14]Oxford Dictionaries. April 2010. Oxford University Press. Online:
<http://oxforddictionaries.com/definition/accident> (accessed July 20, 2011)

[note: 15]Oxford Dictionaries. April 2010. Oxford University Press. Online:
<http://oxforddictionaries.com/definition/incident> (accessed July 20, 2011)

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 23 Aug 2011 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

