Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Tang Wai Kum Beatrice and others _v_ Tang Chun Choy  
[2011] SGHC 125

Case Number| :| Suit No 116 of 2010  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 20 May 2011  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Lee Seiu Kin J  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Tan Teng Muan and Sharifah Farhana Binte Hasan Alsagoff
(Mallal & Namazie) for the plaintiffs; Chelva Rajah SC, Han Kee Fong, Millie
Yeo and Megan Chia (Tan Rajah & Cheah) for the defendant.  
Parties| :|  Tang Wai Kum Beatrice and others — Tang Chun Choy  
  
20 May 2011| Judgment reserved.  
---|---  
  
Lee Seiu Kin J:

Introduction

1 The parties to this suit are four siblings who claim beneficial ownership of
the property known as 67 Greenwood Avenue, Singapore (“the Property”). The
background to the matter is as follows. The parties’ father, Tang Yuen Seng
(“the Father”) ran a laundry business out of rented premises in Cairnhill Road
(“Cairnhill shop”) since the 1930s. The Father married Loo Poh Lin (“the
Mother”), and they had five children. The eldest is a daughter, Wai Kheng
(“Kheng”) born in 1943; she is the only sibling who is not a party to this
suit. The second child, also a daughter is Wai Kum (“the first plaintiff”)
born in 1945. The third child is the only son, Chun Choy (“the defendant”),
born in 1948. The last two are daughters, Wai Ying (“the second plaintiff”)
born in 1950, and Wai Kuen (“the third plaintiff”) born in 1953.

2 The purchase of the Property was completed on 9 March 1971 for $84,000. It
was registered in the name of the defendant. The purchase price was paid
partly by way of a housing loan of $20,000 taken out in the defendant’s name.
The remainder was paid in cash. According to the defendant, this comprised the
parents’ savings and a personal loan from a friend of $20,000 to $30,000. At
the time the Property was purchased, the defendant was 22 years old and had
just started work at Esso Refinery after graduating from the University of
Singapore with an engineering degree. The housing loan was serviced by the
Father and the defendant did not make any direct contribution towards its
discharge. However the defendant claimed that from the time he started work,
he handed to the Mother half his monthly salary amounting to about $600. All
three plaintiffs also claimed that they gave the Mother substantial parts of
their monthly salary when they started working.

3 The family, with the exception of Kheng who was married by then, moved from
the Cairnhill shop to the Property. There they lived for the next 18 years,
with the three youngest daughters moving out as each one got married, in 1971,
1978 and 1980. The defendant got married in 1981 but continued to reside with
his parents in the Property except for the periods that he was working
overseas. In 1989, the defendant moved with his family and parents to 16 Jalan
Kampong Chantek (“Jalan Kampong Chantek”) which he had purchased two years
earlier. In December of that year, the Father died. The Mother continued to
live with the defendant at Jalan Kampong Chantek until 2002 when they moved to
90A Binjai Park. There she lived out the last years of her life, passing on in
October 2006.

The plaintiffs’ case

4 The plaintiffs’ case is simply that the Father had intended for the Property
to be divided equally among his five children and that the defendant held it
on a resulting trust. The plaintiffs submitted that, to the extent that there
was a presumption of advancement, this was rebutted on the following grounds:

(a) The circumstances surrounding the purchase of the Property clearly showed
that it was meant to be a family home and not a gift to the defendant.

(b) The Father was running an illegal gambling business, and coupled with
estate planning concerns, procured the Property to be put in the defendant’s
name.

(c) The defendant himself had declared at a meeting in 1990 (“Cranborne Road
Meeting”) that he would distribute the sales proceeds of the Property equally
to his siblings, effectively admitting that he was only holding the same on
trust for the Father.

(d) The title deeds to the Property were never given to the defendant by the
Father or Mother, which is inconsistent with it being a gift to him.

(d) The details of the alleged “gift” were unclear and it can be seen that the
defendant had changed his position with regard to this purported “gift”
several times.

(e) The Father had treated the Property as his own home whereas the defendant
did not.

(f) The defendant had conducted himself in a manner that showed the Property
was never a gift to him and that he knew he was holding it in trust for the
family after the Father’s death.

The plaintiffs relied on the evidence set out in [5] to [9] below to support
their case.

5 The Father had dropped out of school as a teenager to take over his father’s
laundry business after the latter died. It was a struggle to maintain his
family from his meagre earnings from the business. According to the
plaintiffs, for additional income, the Father turned to operating as a runner
for illegal gambling syndicates. He eventually moving up the hierarchy and
took on bets on 4D and horse races as a small time illegal bookie. He operated
this illicit business from the Cairnhill shop. The Father and Mother were
arrested on two occasions after the Cairnhill shop was raided. After they
moved to the Property, the Father operated his bookie business from there
until he retired sometime in 1977. The plaintiffs’ case is that it was the
profits from this illicit business that enabled the family to purchase the
Property in 1971 and to pay off the housing loan. The plaintiffs’ position is
that the Property was in the name of the defendant because the Father did not
want to attract the attention of the authorities in case he was asked to
explain the source of the purchase money, as well as for avoidance of estate
duty.

6 The plaintiffs gave evidence that, prior to the purchase of the Property,
around 1967, the Father and first Plaintiff (a state-registered nurse) jointly
applied for an HDB flat, taking advantage of a special scheme for state-
registered nurses. However this did not materialise as the Father was
eventually persuaded to purchase a private property instead. The plaintiffs’
evidence was that the Father “disclosed to the Family members that he would
put the [Property] in the Defendant’s name ... so as to avoid attracting the
authorities’ attention” to his illegal gambling business. The plaintiffs also
gave evidence that the defendant had no involvement in the events leading to
the purchase of the Property. It was his older sisters who helped the Father
in looking for a house to purchase and helped with the decision. It was only
at completion that the defendant was involved in signing the documents for the
mortgage and transfer. The defendant also had no involvement in the funding of
the Property.

7 The plaintiffs gave evidence of certain statements made by the defendant at
the Cranborne Road Meeting. This was the year after the Father’s death in
December 1989 and the siblings were quarrelling over some shares that the
plaintiffs claimed had been misappropriated by the defendant. The plaintiffs
claimed that the defendant had declared at this meeting that the Property did
not belong to him alone and he was only holding it on trust. He said that he
would distribute the sales proceeds of the Property equally among the five
siblings. When Kheng told the defendant that these were merely empty words, he
responded by saying that as a Chinese educated person, he was someone who
honoured his words unlike the English educated who required agreements to be
put in writing.

8 The plaintiffs contended that the title deeds to the Property were kept by
the parents until the Mother’s death in 2006. The plaintiffs claimed that the
defendant had changed his position that the Property was a gift. At various
times the defendant claimed that the gift was from the Father, or the Mother,
or from both of them and had been inconsistent with providing details of the
alleged gift. The plaintiffs contended that this shows that the Property was
never intended as a gift. The plaintiffs also pointed to the fact that the
Father had treated the Property as his own home whereas the defendant had not
done so; in particularly the major decisions concerning the Property were made
by the Father and not the defendant.

9 Finally, the defendant knew that he was holding the Property on trust for
all the siblings and that explained his behaviour at the Cranborne Road
Meeting.

The defendant’s case

10 The defendant said that in early 1971, after he had obtained a job offer
from Esso Refinery, the Mother told him that she and the Father had decided to
purchase the Property and that they had intended it for him. From the time he
started work, he had given his parents half his monthly salary which, in 1971,
amounted to $600. This sum rose as his salary increased until he was giving
$1,000 each month and the Mother told him not to give any more than that. The
defendant had been giving such money to his parents except for the two years
he was doing his MBA in Vancouver. Even during this period, he had deposited
$12,800 in a joint account with the Mother for her use. It was only after the
Father’s death in December 1989 that the sum was reduced to $500 at the
Mother’s behest. The defendant said that the Mother had told him that these
contributions from him had helped to repay the loan from the friend that they
had taken out to purchase the Property.

11 The defendant said that upon his return to Singapore in 1985 from his
overseas posting, he moved back to the Property with his family to live with
his parents. The Mother told him that she was handing over the management of
the household and family finances to him, including that related to the
Property. The Mother also handed over the certificate of title to the Property
that she had been keeping custody of. Meanwhile the defendant had done well in
his career and rose to become the general manager of the Singapore branch of
Chemical Bank in 1985. In 1987 he purchased a bungalow at Jalan Kampong
Chantek and he moved there with his parents and his family in 1989. He then
renovated the Property and rented it out from November 1990. He kept all
rental proceeds.

12 Kheng, the oldest sibling gave evidence that the Father and Mother were
traditional Chinese parents who doted on their only son, the defendant. She
said that such was the emphasis on the defendant that the Mother was at first
not prepared to allow her to attend university even though she did well in
school for fear that they might not have enough money to pay for the
defendant’s university education. It was only after Kheng managed to obtain a
bursary and with the Father’s persuasion that the Mother relented. Kheng
testified that at the time the Property was purchased, her parents asked her
for advice on whether it should be registered in their names or in the
defendant’s name. She asked them whom they intended to give it to and they
replied that it was intended for the defendant as he was the only son. Kheng
advised them to register it in the defendant’s name as this would save the
stamp fee of a subsequent transfer. Kheng said that this was the reason that
the Property was in the name of the defendant from the outset. She also
related an incident in 1988, during which the Father had jokingly suggested to
her that she should purchase the Property from the defendant once they moved
to the house at Jalan Kampong Chantek that the defendant had purchased. Kheng
said that the Mother reacted angrily to this, insisting that the Property was
to remain with the defendant as he bore the Tang family name. Kheng said that
she recounted this to her sisters, but not to the defendant. Kheng also
recounted a number of events that indicated that their parents’ intention was
that the defendant should have the Property and that the plaintiffs were aware
of this.

Witnesses’ demeanour

13 The first plaintiff did not give evidence in court. Counsel for the
plaintiffs tendered a letter from her doctor certifying that she was unfit to
attend court as she was being treated for cancer. Counsel applied to admit the
affidavit evidence-in-chief (“AEIC”) she had filed, to which the defence
objected. Nevertheless, I find it expedient to admit her AEIC, treating it
with the caution befitting evidence given with the benefit of cross-
examination.

14 The second plaintiff did not undergo substantive cross-examination. However
the third plaintiff did and I find that she had failed to come out of it well.
She was an uncooperative witness and did not provide logical answers to
crucial questions. Two particular instances showed her attitude towards her
obligation as a witness. The first was when she was questioned on whether
their parents had treated the defendant much better than their daughters. The
third plaintiff was asked whether her parents were proud of the defendant’s
achievements and she was referred to a 1985 Business Times article reporting
that he had risen to general manager of the Singapore Branch of Chemical Bank
at the young age of 36 years. The third plaintiff denied any knowledge of the
defendant’s achievement, a denial that I find difficult to believe and
explained only by a desire to downplay the defendant’s point that their
parents held him in much higher regard than the daughters. The second instance
was when she was referred to her letter to the defendant dated 4 October 2007.
At the third page, she had stated that the defendant “ _had the most
privileged childhood_ ”, in that he was spared from having to help with the
laundry business as well as the household chores, which all his sisters had to
do. The third plaintiff went on to detail how they had to cook meals on
Sundays as well as the “ _household chores of daily sweeping, washing up after
meals as well as look after the laundry shop, dealing with customers and
acting as interpreter_ ” for the Mother whenever the Father was not around. On
top of that “ _we had to help Mum pamper you by undoing and doing the steel
buttons on your Catholic High School uniform instead of you doing them by
yourself_ ”. However when cross examined on the plaintiffs’ position that
their parents were modern in their outlook and did not favour sons over
daughters, the third plaintiff was unable to provide a credible explanation to
this outburst in her letter which appears to be a genuine outpouring of her
emotions.

15 However I found that no side had a monopoly of poor demeanour. The
defendant did not come through as a forthright witness either. He had a
tendency to change his evidence in cross-examination to improve his case. The
other witness for the defence was the eldest sibling, Kheng. I also found that
she was somewhat evasive in cross-examination, particularly in denying
knowledge that the Father had operated as illegal bookie.

16 In my view, both sides were guilty of massaging their versions of history
to buttress their case. This suit would fall to be determined by an analysis
of the evidence not in dispute and the actions and words of the relevant
actors as recorded in contemporary letters and two meetings of the siblings at
the columbarium that were tape recorded.

Analysis of the evidence

17 The defendant is the legal owner of the Property, but he had made no direct
contribution towards the purchase price. There are two presumptions that
arise: the presumption of resulting trust which the plaintiffs relied on, and
the presumption of advancement which the defendant relied on. The defendant
submitted that, as the legal title vests in the defendant, the burden of proof
lies on the plaintiff to prove the resulting trust and rebut the presumption
of advancement.

18 I have no doubt from the evidence that the Father and Mother were
traditional Chinese parents who placed great emphasis on family lineage which
can only be extended through sons. This evidence came not just from the
defendant and the eldest sister Kheng, but also from the emotional letter of
the third plaintiff discussed in [14] above. This was also corroborated by
several letters from the Mother to the defendant when he was abroad. In one,
written on 24 February 1977, the Mother said (translated in English):

... when I received your phone call, your display of filial piety and always
speaking in a filial manner made my tears flow naturally. Every letter (you)
wrote is filled with concern for your parents. I feel so contented to have
such a filial son like you. I felt so comforted. No wonder after he had
received your call on the first day of Chinese New Year, your father kept
saying, “I have such a filial son, one would be enough”. It is correct. One
would be enough. ...

The Father himself wrote the following in his letter to the defendant dated 20
April 1977 (translated in English):

This morning, the postman delivered your mail. When I opened and looked at it,
I saw a few sentences written in simple English. I had mixed feelings of
surprise and joy. I told your mother immediately. I was really overjoyed. You
are the pride of our family and it is what you deserved from your hard work.
...

19 I do not put it beyond the parents to speak or write to their daughters in
like fashion, but there was no evidence of this. Indeed, the use by both
parents of the expressions “filial son” and “pride of our family” is
consistent with what may be expected of Chinese parents in mid-twentieth
century Singapore. It is also common ground that they practised ancestor
worship.

20 In the context where the parents register the family home immediately in
the name of their only son, the defendant, and leave no will, the inference is
strong that they had intended to give it to him as a gift. In my view, the
plaintiffs’ submission that there was no concrete evidence of such gift, or
that the defendant was not involved in making decisions regarding the Property
and that the Father treated the Property as his own, is too technical an
approach to the matter. The fact is that the Father and Mother have no notion
of the law concerning the formalities of a gift. They simply wanted the
Property to go to their only son after they themselves have passed on. I have
no doubt that, in legal terms, they considered that they have a life interest
in the Property. Indeed, if at some point in their lives, the defendant had
given them cause to do so, they would have been entitled to require the
defendant to transfer the Property to another person. But so long as they were
happy with the defendant, they were contented to give him the Property upon
their death. Since that Property was in the defendant’s name, they did not
believe that there was a need to do anything further to give effect to this
intention.

21 Looked at in this manner, most of the plaintiffs’ assertions regarding the
ambiguity of the gift fall apart. It did not make a difference whether the
title deeds had been given to the defendant. Nor that the Father had taken
charge of the Property when he was alive. Even the defendant’s Hamlet-like
struggle with whether to share the sale proceeds of the Property with his
sisters (see [7] above) is consistent with the position that his parents had
intended to give him the Property.

22 There is also evidence that the plaintiffs knew about their parents’ desire
regarding the Property. In the first plaintiff’s letter of 24 April 2007 to
her oldest sister Kheng, she had stated as follows:

I thought you wanted the house yourself. You yourself were not happy with the
house being given to Chun. You were always complaining that you were the one
who put the idea of buying a house into dad’s mind despite mum’s initial
objections and that you objected to mum’s claim that Chun had contributed to
the house.

The first plaintiff’s explanation in para 33 of her AEIC, that she was merely
repeating back to Kheng her own statement does not adequately explain her
acceptance of Kheng’s position that the Property was given to the defendant.
If the plaintiffs’ case was so clear all along, she would have expressed
amazement that Kheng should take the position that the Property had been given
to the defendant. As it turned out, the first plaintiff was unable to attend
court to explain this. I should add that the first plaintiff also reiterated
this position in her letter to the defendant dated 26 July 2007 in which she
said as follows:

... Since you said that I was not to look after mum anymore, I had to tell mum
what you said otherwise she would have thought I had abandoned her. I also
told you that you SHOULD look after her since she had given you her house. ...

Her explanation in para 35 of her AEIC that this was blurted out in the heat
of a quarrel between the siblings also appears contrived.

23 In view of the foregoing, I hold that the parties’ parents had intended the
Property to belong to the defendant beneficially at least after they have
passed on. Therefore the plaintiffs’ claim is dismissed.

Order on costs

24 The foregoing represents the analysis of the case based on the evidence
before me and the order dismissing the claim is the legal outcome of such
analysis. However, this case, with evidence of events spanning more than half
a century, is more than a legal dispute. It is, in essence, a family dispute
pitting long-held Chinese values of patrimonial continuity against liberal
values of gender equality, with the resultant tensions as the family makes the
transition from the traditional to the modern in one generation. In truth, it
is not a matter in which a court of law can produce the best outcome. Indeed,
were I not constrained by the law, I would have been inclined to order a
different outcome. It is certainly a matter that would have been better
resolved by non-judicial adjudication. The parties have not only benefitted
from a modern education but also from the growth story of the nation: all of
them have, with varying degrees of success, done well in their careers and in
their lives. The defendant in particular has, on his own steam, amassed assets
well in excess of the value of the Property in dispute. I understand that
three of the sisters are not far behind him on that score. Therefore, apart
from the one sister who perhaps is not as well off as the rest of her
siblings, there is absolutely no reason to fight over the Property. There is
certainly no reason to go to court to air their dirty linen, as it were, as it
had meant making allegations that the Father was, to put it bluntly, a
criminal. And there was every reason to take the alternative route. However,
puzzling as it was to me that the parties chose to litigate, I had no reason
to doubt that they were all intelligent and rational persons, and surmise
therefore that there was some other motivation for litigation that the parties
have not disclosed to me. Or perhaps it was simply the bitterness, compounded
over the decades, of sibling rivalry and discord compounded by the clash of
traditional and modern values adverted to above. That much is disclosed in the
numerous letters that the sisters have written to one another detailing their
quarrels over the Mother and her jewellery and other spats. In my view this is
eminently a matter which justifies a ruling that each party bears his own
costs and I so order.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 20 May 2011 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

