Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Tan Huey Kuan (alias Chen Huijuan) _v_ Tan Kok Chye and another  
[2011] SGHC 86

Case Number| :| Originating Summons No 435 of 2010  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 08 April 2011  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Chan Seng Onn J  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  R S Bajwa (Bajwa & Co) for the plaintiff; Leslie Netto
(Netto & Magin LLC) for the defendants.  
Parties| :|  Tan Huey Kuan (alias Chen Huijuan) — Tan Kok Chye and another  
  
8 April 2011|  
---|---  
  
Chan Seng Onn J:

The parties

1 The plaintiff, Tan Huey Kuan (Chen Huijuan), is a senior accounts manager
and a competitive dancer, residing in Singapore. The 1st defendant, Tan Kok
Chye, is a Singaporean, currently living and working as a surgeon in the
United States (“US”). The 2nd defendant, Lee Seow Lang, is the mother of the
1st defendant and is a practicing paediatrician with her own private practice
in Singapore.

The dispute

2 The dispute between the plaintiff and more particularly, the 1st defendant,
was over the ownership and possession of a female black terrier dog called
“Pookie”, which was subsequently renamed “Sasha” by the parties. Sasha was
adopted when it was about ten weeks old from an adoption kennel in Alabama,
US, that was managed by the Greater Birmingham Humane Society (“GBHS”). The
two central questions were (a) whether the plaintiff and the 1st defendant had
jointly adopted Sasha under the Adoption Agreement dated 15 August 2008, and
if so, then (b) who should have possession of Sasha. If Sasha was not jointly
adopted but solely adopted by the 1st defendant, then there would be no
question that the 1st defendant would be given possession of Sasha.

The Adoption Agreement with GBHS

3 It was not disputed that “Mrs Connie Tan” referred to in the Adoption
Agreement was the plaintiff and not some other person. According to the
plaintiff, she was always introduced by the 1st defendant as “Mrs Connie Tan”
for social niceties as they were living together at that time although they
were not married. Thus, her name appeared in the Adoption Agreement as “Mrs
Connie Tan”. It was also not disputed that the 1st defendant was referred to
as “Mr. Kc Tan” in the Adoption Agreement.

The 1st defendant’s position

4 The 1st defendant said that he loved the dog dearly and wanted it back. The
1st defendant claimed that he was the sole adopter and sole owner of Sasha
under the Adoption Agreement because:

(a) He paid the adoption fee and the plaintiff paid nothing.

(b) He paid the vaccination and veterinary fees which were mandatory
requirements by GBHS when adopting the pet.

(c) His US driver’s licence and Social Security Number were used for the
adoption process.

(d) The identification computer chip embedded in Sasha’s body stated that he
was the owner and his home address was the place to return Sasha.

(e) The opening sentence of the Adoption Agreement clearly stated that: “This
placement contract is made by and between the Greater Birmingham Humane
Society (the “Society”) and Person ID noted above, being over 19 years of age
(the “Adopter”), on this 15th day of August 08”. Particulars of the “Person
ID” appearing at the top right hand box of the agreement showed “Person ID:
70520”. The 1st defendant contended that those particulars were generated
based on his US Social Security Number and his US driver’s licence. As such,
the Adoption Agreement was only between GBHS and the “Person ID”, which was a
reference to him specifically and therefore, the plaintiff never became a
party to the Adoption Agreement.

(f) He could not sign the Adoption Agreement because his hand was injured on
that day and the plaintiff had to sign the agreement on his behalf.

The plaintiff’s position

5 The plaintiff maintained that she and the 1st defendant were joint adopters
and owners of the dog. I agreed with her for the following reasons:

(a) Her name was clearly reflected in the Adoption Agreement as one of the two
named owners, “Mr. & mrs. Kc & Connie Tan”, under “Owners Name” in the box
headed “Owners Details”.

(b) She had signed the Adoption Agreement in three places, _viz_ (1) twice
under the sub-heading “Adopter’s Initials”; and (2) once as the “Signature” at
the end of the Adoption Agreement. I accepted that she had signed the Adoption
Agreement in her personal capacity as an adopter as well as on behalf of the
1st defendant as the other adopter. Accordingly, they had jointly adopted
Sasha.

(c) The 1st defendant sent an email on 19 March 2010 to the plaintiff’s sister
where, after calling the plaintiff a “trouble-maker”, he acknowledged that the
plaintiff had signed a contractually binding legal agreement with GBHS by
stating as follows:

The evidence is plain for all to see …..

“You signed a contractually binding legal agreement with The Greater
Birmingham Humane Society (The GBHS) on 8/15/2008. However, you failed to
inform us when you repatriated the animal to Singapore. You are also _clearly
in breach of Clause 2C of the contract_ , specifically – “to permit a follow
up visit or inspection of the animal’s living quarters if so requested by the
adoption manager or other authorized humane society representative”. _Dr Tan
has been unable to comply with our demands_ because of the placement of
“Pookie” in your care in Singapore.

Dr. Tan has requested that we _grant you a pardon_ , and to let the matter
rest. We have given due consideration to his request and we are prepared to
_make an exception_ and allow you to keep the dog in Singapore.”

(Emphasis in original)

By stating that the evidence (as set out in the extract that he took from an
email sent by GBHS to the plaintiff) was plain for all to see, the 1st
defendant had basically adopted and agreed with all that GBHS had said in that
extract. Not only was the 1st defendant admitting that the plaintiff was a
party to the Adoption Agreement, the 1st defendant went on to say that the
plaintiff was a trouble-maker who had in fact breached the Adoption Agreement.
Obviously the plaintiff could have breached the Adoption Agreement only if she
was also a party to the Adoption Agreement, which was exactly what the
plaintiff had been saying all along.

(d) In a letter dated 11 May 2010 sent to the plaintiff’s solicitors from a US
law firm, The Shores Law Firm, LLC representing both the defendants, a
document titled “CONTRACT FOR TRANSFER OF OWNERSHIP OF SASHA/POOKIE TO MS
CONNIE TAN” was attached. The 1st defendant and 2nd defendant had signed this
document in the presence of witnesses and their signatures were notarised. The
preamble read as follows:

WHEREAS: by Adoption Agreement dated 15 August, 2008 entered into between Dr
K.C. Tan, Connie Tan (stated as Mrs. Connie Tan) and Greater Birmingham Humane
Society (GBHS) executed solely by Ms. Connie Tan for adoption of the dog known
as (Sasha/Pookie) by Dr. K.C. Tan and Ms. Connie Tan;

AND WHEREAS Sasha/Pookie was taken to Singapore and cared for by Ms. Connie
Tan since November 2008; ….

In my view, that document amounted to a signed statement by the 1st defendant
clearly admitting and recognising that the plaintiff, together with him, were
joint parties to the Adoption Agreement. This plainly negated the 1st
defendant’s contention that he was the only party to the Adoption Agreement or
that the plaintiff had merely signed on his behalf because she never signed it
in her personal capacity. If it were true as alleged by the 1st defendant that
the plaintiff was only signing on his behalf, then the Adoption Agreement
could simply have omitted including the plaintiff’s name under the “Owners
Details”. I further noted that a representative of GBHS had also signed the
same document, which would appear to indicate that they also accepted that
GBHS had entered into the Adoption Agreement with both parties (and not just
with the 1st defendant alone with the plaintiff merely signing on his behalf
as alleged).

(e) The “Person ID: 70520” apparently was merely a reference number given by
GBHS for their record, which upon retrieval would then show who the true
adopters were. I noted that the Person ID “705201” number bore no resemblance
to the 1st defendant’s US driver’s licence number 8095956 nor to any number
shown on his US Social Security Card.

(f) The Pet’s Microchip ID number 476C007D7D embedded in Sasha contained the
pet’s name “Pookie”. The 1st defendant’s email address and two telephone
numbers (his mobile telephone number and home telephone number) were given as
the primary contact information. In my view, the telephone numbers, names and
addresses of the contact persons which were embedded in microchip for the
purpose of the HomeAgain Pet Recovery Service were simply to facilitate the
return of the missing dog upon being found, but they would not establish
ownership _per se_. Names and telephone numbers of others could well be given
for this purpose as could be seen in this case where there was an alternate
contact by the name of Loretta Mann Phone with her phone number also stored in
the microchip.

6 Accordingly, I found that the plaintiff and the 1st defendant were both
joint adopters and owners of Sasha. The next question then was which of the
two owners should have possession of Sasha since they no longer stayed
together. In fact, they literally lived miles apart.

Who was to have possession of Sasha?

7 For this question, I considered all the affidavit evidence presented to me
in relation to the following:

(a)

Who had been taking care of Sasha all along?

(b)

Between the plaintiff and the 1st defendant, who was closer or more attached
to Sasha?

(c)

Was Sasha more attached to the plaintiff or the 1st defendant?

(d)

Who would be better able to take care of Sasha and attend to all its needs?

(e)

What was the home environment for Sasha going to be like?

(f)

What should be done in the overall best interest of Sasha?

8 The plaintiff had looked after Sasha since the adoption and she continues to
look after it with support from her family members. Altogether, the plaintiff
had looked after Sasha for about 2½ years till date. I accepted the
plaintiff’s evidence that Sasha is extremely happy and has bonded and become
part of the plaintiff’s family. From the evidence presented to me, which
included numerous photographs provided by the plaintiff, I was left in no
doubt that the plaintiff adored and loved Sasha. The plaintiff’s strong
attachment to Sasha was shown by the extraordinary efforts that she made to
look for Sasha when it was found missing from the plaintiff’s home. Sasha
clearly had been very well treated and taken care of by the plaintiff and her
family members. The plaintiff had the family support to provide a conducive
and loving environment for Sasha. There was every reason to let the plaintiff
have possession of the dog. I could see no good reason to disrupt the present
arrangements and relocate Sasha to the US to be with the 1st defendant, who
lived alone. Unlike the plaintiff, the 1st defendant did not have the family
support to help to look after Sasha, given that he, as a surgeon, might well
have to work fairly long hours.

9 On many counts, the balance weighed heavily in favour of the plaintiff
having possession of Sasha. This would also be in line with the original
understanding between the parties as set out in the 1st defendant’s email to
the plaintiff dated 22 Jan 2009 where he “gave Sasha up” to the plaintiff. The
1st defendant said:

I gave Sasha up even though you would have the benefit of your family in
Singapore around you and I do not have anyone. Sasha would have been a huge
relief and joy to me here as I live alone. She would also remind me of you.
Still, I gave her up for your happiness. I love you.

The 1st defendant had willingly given possession of Sasha to the plaintiff. In
fact, he allowed the plaintiff to bring Sasha to Singapore and made the
arrangements for it. On 17 November 2008, Sasha arrived in Singapore. The
plaintiff subsequently registered Sasha with the Agri-Food & Veterinary
Authority (“AVA”) of Singapore on 5 December 2008 with the 1st defendant’s
knowledge and consent. The AVA dog licence was issued to the plaintiff as the
“dog owner”, and one of the conditions of the dog licence was that Sasha must
be kept at the plaintiff’s home. Hence, the necessary regulatory requirements
for keeping Sasha in Singapore at the plaintiff’s home had been complied with.

Orders made

10 I declared that both the plaintiff and the 1st defendant were joint owners
of the dog. I ordered possession of the dog to remain with the plaintiff for
the reasons that I have stated. Costs of this application together with the
earlier interim injunction application (excluding disbursements) were fixed at
$10,000, to be paid by the defendants to the plaintiff.

Comment

11 I had, prior to the hearing before me, given the parties more than enough
time and opportunity to resolve the matter. It was rather unfortunate that
this dispute could not be settled. As the defendants have appealed to the
Court of Appeal, it would appear that the parties intend to continue
relentlessly with their battle for the possession of the dog. Before the
hearing takes place at the Court of Appeal, perhaps the parties should
consider seeking the services of the Singapore Mediation Centre. With good
sense prevailing, I believe that there is a fair chance for the dispute to be
resolved amicably through mediation.

12 In her affidavit, the plaintiff averred, _inter alia_ , that:

The 1st Defendant claims that he cares for Sasha that he wanted her back in
his life. The court would have noted from some of the emails that I have
exhibited in my 1st Affidavit that the 1st Defendant’s main issue was with me.
He wanted me back. He did not make a big issue of wanting Sasha back. Sasha is
being used now by him as a tool by him to get back at me for whatever perverse
reasons he has.

It was clear to me that the plaintiff’s relationship with the 1st defendant
had broken down, and even if there were to be any truth in what the plaintiff
had said above, parties should realise that it should not be allowed to stand
in the way of an amicable settlement.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 08 Apr 2011 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

