Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  AOO _v_ AON  
[2011] SGCA 51

Case Number| :| Civil Appeal No 192 of 2010  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 29 September 2011  
Tribunal/Court| :| Court of Appeal  
Coram| :|  Chao Hick Tin JA; Andrew Phang Boon Leong JA; V K Rajah JA  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Christopher Yap (Christopher Yap & Co) for the appellant;
Wong Yoong Phin (Wong Yoong Phin & Co) for the respondent.  
Parties| :|  AOO — AON  
  
[LawNet Editorial Note: The decision from which this appeal arose is reported
at [2011] 2 SLR 926.]

29 September 2011|  
---|---  
  
Andrew Phang Boon Leong JA (delivering the grounds of decision of the court):

Introduction

1 This was an appeal by the wife against a decision of the High Court which
restored an ancillary order made in the Family Court (see _AON v AOO_ [2011] 2
SLR 926 (“the GD”)). In arriving at her decision, the learned judge (“the
Judge”) was of the view that the ancillary order should be construed as a
consent judgment instead of a default judgment. As will be seen, the precise
characterisation of the ancillary order was crucial to the resolution of the
present appeal. Having allowed the appeal and having set aside the ancillary
order, we now give the detailed grounds for our decision.

The factual background

2 The appellant wife and the respondent husband were married on 3 February
1994. There were two children (“the children”) who at the time of the hearing
before this court were 15 and 17 years of age, respectively. In January 2009,
the husband confronted the wife with evidence of the latter’s alleged
infidelity. The evidence consisted primarily of photographs, obtained with the
assistance of a private investigator, showing that the wife was behaving
intimately with another man. After confronting the wife, the husband indicated
his unequivocal desire to divorce the wife and engaged solicitors to act for
him towards this end. On the instructions of the husband, the solicitors
produced a draft deed of settlement (“the deed”) in respect of ancillary
matters. The deed purported to evince the parties’ intention with regard to
maintenance, division of matrimonial property and custody of the children and
the wife was given a copy of the deed only some eight days after being
confronted by the husband. The salient features of the deed are as follows:

(i)

firstly, that the husband would have sole custody of the children with
reasonable access granted to the wife;

(ii)

secondly, that the matrimonial home would be transferred to the husband
without any refund of the wife’s contributions _via_ the Central Provident
Fund (“CPF”); and

(iii)

thirdly, that the wife would provide for herself and waive her right to claim
for maintenance.

The deed was signed by the wife on 12 February 2009 and it was executed by the
husband on 16 February 2009, this last mentioned date being approximately one
month after the husband had confronted the wife about her alleged infidelity.
We pause parenthetically to observe that the deed may be categorised as a
postnuptial agreement as it was made with a view towards the dissolution of
the marriage. Divorce proceedings commenced swiftly thereafter, with the
husband filing a writ for divorce on 17 February 2009. The divorce proceeded
on an uncontested basis with an interim judgment for divorce being granted on
5 May 2009 in the absence of the wife who elected not to attend the divorce
hearing.

3 The manner in which the ancillary order came to be made on 7 October 2009
forms the bone of contention between parties. The first ancillary matters pre-
trial conference (“APTC”) was adjourned on 28 May 2009 due to the wife’s
absence. Thereafter, notwithstanding the wife being notified of their
respective dates and timings, three further APTCs were adjourned due to her
absence. The hearing for ancillary matters was eventually set for 7 October
2009. The wife did not appear during the hearing and the presiding District
Judge made the following orders (for the avoidance of doubt, the plaintiff in
the orders below referred to the respondent husband):

(1)... [T]he Plaintiff [shall] have sole custody and control of the two (2)
children of the marriage...with reasonable access to the Defendant;

(2)... [T]he Defendant shall, within three (3) months from the grant of the
Final Judgment and subject to the approval of the Housing & Development Board
where required, transfer all her share and interest in the matrimonial flat at
and known as Apartment Block 145 Lorong Ah Soo #02-141 Singapore 530145 (“the
matrimonial flat”) together with all furniture, fixtures and fittings and
decorations therein to the Plaintiff with no CPF refund to be made to the
Defendant’s CPF account(s) and the Plaintiff shall henceforth bear: -

(a) the outstanding Housing & Development Board’s loan;

(b) all moneys, if any, due to the Housing & Development Board; and

(c) all conveyancing, stamp registration and administrative fees relating to
the said transfer;

(3) ... [T]his Order be made subject to the Central Provident Fund Act,
Chapter 36 (“the CPF Act”) and the subsidiary legislation made thereunder and
the CPF Board shall give effect to the terms of this order in accordance with
the provisions of the CPF Act and the subsidiary legislation made thereunder;

(4) [T]hat the Registrar or Deputy Registrar of the Subordinate Courts under
Section 45 of the Subordinate Courts Act, Chapter 321 be empowered to execute,
sign or indorse all documents necessary to effect the transfer of the
matrimonial flat on behalf of the Defendant should the Defendant fail to do so
within seven (7) days of a written request being made to her;

(5) ... [T]he parties, including CPF Board, be at liberty to apply for further
direction(s) generally; and

(6) ... [T]here be no order on costs.

4 What is clear from the facts is that, firstly, the wife made no appearances
(whether in person or through a legal representative) in the ancillary
proceedings despite having been accorded multiple opportunities to do so and,
secondly, the ancillary order tracked the provisions of the deed (see [2]
above).

5 The wife filed an application on 8 March 2010 to set aside the interim
judgment and the final judgment (entered in November 2009) for divorce as well
as the ancillary order.

Decision of the District Court

6 At the hearing of the wife’s application on 10 June 2010, counsel for the
wife informed the District Judge (“the DJ”) that he was only applying to set
aside the ancillary order. The DJ held that a court had the power to set aside
regularly obtained orders where the party seeking to set aside the order had a
real prospect of success if the matter was litigated. The threshold applied by
the DJ was set out in the case of _Abdul Gaffer v Chua Kwang Yong_ [1994] 3
SLR(R) 1056 (“ _Abdul Gaffer_ ”), which essentially followed the English
decision in _Alpine Bulk Transport Co Inc v Saudi Eagle Shipping Co Inc (The
Saudi Eagle)_ [1986] 2 Lloyd’s Rep 221 (“ _Saudi Eagle_ ”). Having decided
what the applicable legal principles were, the DJ then proceeded to set aside
the ancillary order on the grounds that the wife, if given an opportunity to
litigate, had a real prospect of success in obtaining some award of
maintenance as well as a share in the matrimonial home.

7 Being dissatisfied with the decision of the DJ, the husband appealed to the
High Court.

Decision of the High Court

8 When the matter was heard before the High Court, the Judge construed the
main issue being whether the ancillary order should be treated as a consent
judgment or a judgment obtained in default of appearance. In the Judge’s view,
the characterisation of the ancillary order was significant in so far as the
legal thresholds which the wife had to fulfil prior to a court exercising its
discretion to set aside the ancillary order were concerned.

9 The Judge first correctly highlighted the fact that the test for setting
aside regular default judgments had been restated since _Abdul Gaffer_. In
_Mercurine Pte Ltd v Canberra Development Pte Ltd_ [2008] 4 SLR(R) 907 (“
_Mercurine_ ”), this court held (at [50] and [60]) that the appropriate test
to be applied when considering whether a regular default judgment should be
set aside was that which was established in the House of Lords decision in
_Evans v Bartlam_ [1937] AC 437, _viz_ , “whether the defendant could
establish a _prima facie_ defence in the sense of showing that there are
triable or arguable issues” (see _Mercurine_ at [60]), and not the “real
prospect of success” test enunciated in _Saudi Eagle_.

10 The Judge then adopted the threshold for setting aside ancillary orders
made by consent as stated in the Singapore High Court decision of _Lee Min Jai
v Chua Cheow Koon_ [2005] 1 SLR(R) 548 (“ _Lee Min Jai_ ”), where Choo Han
Teck J stated (at [5] and [6]) as follows:

5 Under s 112(4) of the Women's Charter (Cap 353, 1997 Rev Ed), the court
‘may, at any time it thinks fit, extend, vary, revoke or discharge any order
made under this section, and may vary any term or condition upon or subject to
which any such order has been made’. But this section, and the authorities
referred by Mr Chia, should not be construed as an invitation to revise the
terms of a settlement merely so that they appear more equitable or will be, in
fact, more equitable in the objective opinion of the court. Privately settled
terms in respect of the ancillary matters in a divorce may not always appear
to be fair. But divorce is a very personal matter, and each party would have
his own private reasons for demanding, or acquiescing to, any given term or
condition in the ultimate settlement. What the court should be alert to, is
that one party had not taken an unfair advantage over the other in the course
of negotiating and settling the terms. Hence, in _Dean v Dean_ [1978] 3 All ER
758, the court held (as set out in the headnote) that:

[W]here an agreement between the parties had been reached at arm's length and
the parties had been separately advised, the agreement itself would be _prima
facie_ evidence of the reasonableness of its terms, and formal discovery would
probably be unnecessary.

6 In the present case, the matrimonial flat was a gift by the respondent's
grandmother to him as well as the petitioner. The petitioner was aware that
she had a share in that flat and told her previous solicitor so. The terms of
settlement were clearly reached at arm's length, and there was no question of
the respondent concealing any material fact from the petitioner.

11 In reinstating the ancillary order, the Judge considered that the ancillary
order should be construed as a consent judgment rather than a default
judgment. The Judge’s reasons were succinctly stated at [15] of the GD:

The reason that I thought that the Ancillary Order here had to be considered
in the same light as a consent order is that it tracked the provisions of
paras 5, 6.1, 6.2 and 7 of the Deed in relation to custody, matrimonial
property and maintenance. What the court had ordered in the wife’s absence was
only what she had agreed to in the Deed. As long as the wife had freely
consented to the Deed, the Ancillary Order, which reflected the provisions of
the Deed, should in my view be regarded as having essentially been made by
consent. The wife’s failure to participate in the divorce proceedings was an
indication of her consent and took the Ancillary Order out of the category of
orders obtained by default. After a detailed consideration of the
circumstances I considered that on the evidence the wife had, on the balance
of probabilities, freely agreed to the Deed.

The issues

12 The crucial (and related) issues for the purposes of this appeal were
simple ones, the apparent simplicity of which (as we shall see) belied a
number of difficulties which arose from both conceptual as well as practical
points of view. In essence, the crucial issues which arose before this court
were as follows:

(a) Was the Judge correct in finding that the ancillary order was a consent
judgment (“Issue 1”)?

(b) If the answer to the preceding issue is in the negative, did the court
nevertheless have jurisdiction to decide the proceedings and, if so, was it
correct in making the ancillary order (“Issue 2”)?

Our decision

Issue 1

13 It is clear, in the first place, that a “consent _order_ ” (here, in the
form of an alleged consent judgment) _must necessarily_ involve the court. In
other words, whilst a consent _order_ might be based on a prior _agreement_
between the parties (and, in _that_ sense, involves a quite _distinct_
conception of the concept of consent), _the court’s_ scrutiny – as well as
official confirmation and endorsement – of the prior agreement is necessary.
For example, as Lord Denning MR observed in the English Court of Appeal
decision of _Siebe Gorman & Co Ltd v Pneupac Ltd_ [1982] 1 WLR 185 (at 189;
and following the observation by Lord Greene MR in another English Court of
Appeal decision of _Chandless-Chandless v Nicholson_ [1942] 2 KB 321 at 324),
the phrase “by consent” might either evidence a real contract between the
parties or mean instead “the parties hereto not objecting”. It is of course
the task of the court to ensure that the parties intended the former and not
the latter (reference may also be made to the Singapore High Court decision of
_Wellmix Organics (International) Pte Ltd v Lau Yu Man_ [2006] 2 SLR(R) 117
(for related proceedings in the Court of Appeal, see _Wellmix Organics
(International) Pte Ltd v Lau Yu Man_ [2006] 2 SLR(R) 525)).

14 The importance of the role of the court cannot be overemphasised, not least
because of the legal consequences which would ensue; as Lord Diplock,
delivering the judgment of the Board in the leading Hong Kong Privy Council
decision of _Ernest Ferdinand de Lasala v Hannelore de Lasala_ [1980] AC 546
(“ _de Lasala_ ”), observed (at 560):

Financial arrangements that are agreed upon between the parties for the
purpose of receiving the approval and being made subject of a consent order of
the court, once they have been made the subject of the court order no longer
depend upon the agreement of the parties as the source from which their legal
effect is derived. Their legal effect is derived from the court order; and the
method of enforcing such of their provisions as continue to be executor ... is
not by action but by summons under the court order...

We pause to observe parenthetically that, although the court’s pronouncement
in _de Lasala_ in the context of the doctrine of precedent in general and the
binding effect of English case law in relation to recent local legislation
which is in _pari materia_ with its English equivalent in particular has
generated some discussion and even controversy (see, for example, Ho Peng Kee,
“Fettering the Discretion of the Privy Council” (1979) 21 Mal LR 377; Andrew
Phang Boon Leong, “‘Overseas Fetters’: Myth or Reality?” [1983] 2 MLJ cxxxix,
especially at cxlvii-cxlix; Peter Wesley-Smith, “The Effect of De Lasala in
Hong Kong” (1986) 28 Mal LR 50; and Robert C Beckman, “Divergent Development
of the Common Law in Jurisdictions which Retain Appeals to the Privy Council”
(1987) 29 Mal LR 254, especially at 265-267), the _general legal principle_
referred to above is good law (and which has in fact been endorsed in numerous
cases since).

15 Further, the actual consent of the parties must be signified to the court
as this is no mere order (that, as we have seen, must be made by the court)
but is also a “ _consent_ order”. In the present appeal, this second
requirement was wholly absent. As we have already noted, the ancillary order
in question was obtained by the husband with no participation by the wife (or
her legal representative) whatsoever.

16 The second requirement referred to briefly in the preceding paragraph is no
pedantic or mechanistic one that exists for its own sake. As has been aptly
observed by Balcombe J in the English High Court decision of _Tommey v Tommey_
[1983] Fam 15 (“ _Tommey_ ”) (at 21):

A judge who is asked to make a consent order cannot be compelled to do so: he
is _no mere rubber stamp_. If he thinks there are matters about which he needs
to be more fully informed before he makes the order, he is entitled to make
such inquiries and require such evidence to be put before him as he considers
necessary. But, per contra, he is under no obligation to make inquiries or
require evidence. He is entitled to assume that parties of full age and
capacity know what is in their own best interest, more especially when they
are represented before him by counsel or solicitors. [emphasis added]

17 Indeed, Lord Brandon of Oakbrook, who delivered the leading judgment of the
House of Lords in _Livesey (formerly Jenkins) v Jenkins_ [1985] 1 AC 424 (“
_Jenkins_ ”), was of the view (at 441) that the above observations contained
“a great deal of practical common sense” (although it should be also observed
that the learned law lord did in fact disagree with certain _other_ aspects of
Balcombe J’s judgment in _Tommey_). On a related note, one can see why the
judge, whilst respecting the agreement entered into by the parties, cannot be
expected to be a “mere rubber stamp”. Indeed, _Jenkins_ itself illustrates one
important reason why this must be so. In that case, the consent order entered
into between the husband and wife was set aside as the wife had failed to make
full and frank disclosure of all material facts both to the husband as well as
to the court before the consent order concerned was made. Indeed, in order to
facilitate as well as improve the mechanism for full and frank disclosure,
there have been a number of related developments in the UK context in relation
to applications for consent orders in relation (only) to financial relief
(including the then introduction of a new s 33A to the Matrimonial Causes Act
1973 (c 18) (UK) (“the 1973 UK Act”)) – all of which have been summarised
excellently by Lord Brandon in _Jenkins_ itself (at 443–444). The absence of
full and frank disclosure leading to the making of a consent order is, of
course, a paradigm (albeit not the only) example of why a court must not only
be involved but must also be aware of all the relevant facts and circumstances
leading to its making of the consent order concerned. However, as Lord Brandon
pointed out in _Jenkins_ (at 445–446):

I would end with an emphatic word of warning. It is not every failure of full
and frank disclosure which would justify a court in setting aside an order of
the kind concerned in this appeal. On the contrary, it will only be in cases
when the absence of full and frank disclosure has led to the court making,
either in contested proceedings or by consent, an order which is substantially
different from the order which it would have made if such disclosure had taken
place that a case for setting aside can possibly be made good. Parties who
apply to set aside orders on the ground of failure to disclose some relatively
minor matter or matters, the disclosure of which would not have made any
substantial difference to the order which the court would have made or
approved, are likely to find their applications summarily dismissed, with
costs against them, or, if they are legally aided, against the legal aid fund.

18 That having been said, what is of the first importance in the context of
the present appeal is, as already noted, the more general principle to the
effect that, before a consent order can be made, the court making the order
cannot be a “mere rubber stamp”. The reality of the consents of _both_ parties
is of the first importance (see, for example, David Foskett, _The Law and
Practice of Compromise_ (Sweet & Maxwell, 7th Ed, 2010) (“ _Foskett_ ”) at
paras 10-03 and 24-48 (part of the latter paragraph also being quoted below)).
Scrutiny by the court is imperative to confirm the reality of the consents of
the parties but also to ensure that everything is in order, for example, that
there has been a full and frank disclosure of all material facts by the
parties to the court. _It bears repeating that, on the facts of the present
case, this threshold requirement was not met in the first place inasmuch as
the wife (or her legal representative) was not present at the time the
ancillary order was made. The wife (or her legal representative) also did not,
in any other manner, indicate to the court her real consent to the ancillary
order_. It should, however, also be noted that the present situation in the UK
is somewhat different as a result of s 33A of the 1973 UK Act, to which
reference has been made in the preceding paragraph. Under this particular
provision, “on an application for a consent order for financial relief the
court may, unless it has reason to think that there are other circumstances
into which it ought to inquire, make an order in the terms agreed on the basis
only of the prescribed information furnished with the application”. However,
_no_ equivalent of such a provision apparently exists in the _Singapore_
context. Indeed, s 33A of the 1973 UK Act operates in the context of the
relevant rules dealing with the procedure to be followed in relation to
applications for consent orders for financial relief (which were, in turn,
further developments arising from Practice Directions issued by the Family
Division and which (and more importantly) are _absent_ in the _Singapore_
context). Further, s 33A itself does not preclude the court concerned from
requiring further information to be furnished by the parties if “it has reason
to think that there are other circumstances into which it ought to inquire”.
Indeed, as observed in _Foskett_ at para 24-48:

[w]here either or both of the parties do not have solicitors acting for them,
it is unlikely that a court would make a consent order without the personal
attendance of the parties or, at the very least, compelling evidence of their
genuine and informed consent.

It is also important to note that s 33A of the 1973 UK Act deals _only_ with
consent orders for _financial relief_ and does _not_ deal, for example, with
consent orders in relation to _custody of children_ (which was also part of
the deed between the husband and the wife in the present case). Indeed, given
the fact that any agreement between the parties relating to their children is
of a _quite different_ nature altogether (compared to, for example, agreements
relating to financial relief), such an agreement would obviously not bind the
court. This is clearly the case in Singapore (see the decision of this court
in _TQ v TR_ [2009] 2 SLR(R) 961 (“ _TQ v TR_ ”)) as well as in England (see,
for example, _Foskett_ , at para 24-130). Indeed, in _TQ v TR_ , this court
referred to s 129 of the Women’s Charter (Cap 353, 2009 Rev Ed) (“the Act”)
and it was observed as follows (at [70]):

Indeed, as a matter of general logic as well as principle, we are of the view
that the courts must always have the power (whether at common law or under
statute) to scrutinise both prenuptial _as well as_ postnuptial agreements
relating to the custody (as well as the care and control) of children. There
ought, in our view, to be a _presumption_ that such agreements are
unenforceable _unless_ it is clearly demonstrated by the party relying on the
agreement that that agreement is in the _best interests_ of the child or the
children concerned. This is because such agreements focus on the will of the
parents rather than on _the welfare of the child_ which has (and always will
be) _the paramount consideration_ for the court in relation to such issues
(see s 125(2) of the Act). It might well be the case that the _content_ of the
prenuptial agreement concerned _coincide with_ the welfare of the child or the
children concerned. However, _the court_ ought nevertheless to be the final
arbiter as to the appropriateness of the arrangements embodied within such an
agreement. [emphasis in original]

19 On a related note, we would also observe that even agreements between
parties in respect of the _division of matrimonial property_ are not
enforceable in and of themselves. The law governing agreements on division of
matrimonial assets is well established: ultimate power is vested in the court
in the case at hand to divide matrimonial assets in a proportion which is just
and equitable. In particular, a postnuptial agreement between parties is _only
one of_ the factors to be considered by court, and any such agreement cannot
oust the jurisdiction of court. This is made clear by s 112 of the Act itself,
which reads as follows:

**112 –** (1) The court shall have power, when granting or subsequent to the
grant of a judgment of divorce, judicial separation or nullity of marriage, to
order the division between the parties of any matrimonial asset or the sale of
any such asset and the division between the parties of the proceeds of the
sale of any such asset _in such proportions as the court thinks just and
equitable_.

(2) It shall be the duty of the court in deciding whether to exercise its
powers under subsection (1) and, if so, in what manner, to have regards to all
the circumstances of the case, including the following matters:

(a) the extent of the contributions made by each party in money, property or
work towards acquiring, improving or maintaining the matrimonial assets;

(b) any debt owing or obligation incurred or undertaken by either party for
their joint benefit or for the benefit of any child of the marriage;

(c) the needs of the children (if any) of the marriage;

(d) the extent of the contributions made by each party to the welfare of the
family, including looking after the home or caring for the family or any aged
or infirm relative or dependant of either party;

(_e_) _any agreement between the parties with respect to the ownership and
division of the matrimonial assets made in contemplation of divorce_ ;

(f) any period of rent-free occupation or other benefit enjoyed by one party
in the matrimonial home to the exclusion of the other party;

(g) the giving of assistance or support by one party to the other party
(whether or not of a material kind), including the giving of assistance or
support which aids the other party in the carrying on of his or her occupation
or business; and

(h) the matters referred to in section 114(1) so far as they are relevant.

[emphasis added]

20 Finally, s 119 of the Act makes it clear that any agreement between parties
with regard to _maintenance_ may be varied by courts, subject only to
situations where composition of maintenance has been effected pursuant to s
116 of the Act. Section 119 reads as follows:

**Power of court to vary agreements for maintenance**

**119**. Subject to section 116, the court may at any time and from time to
time vary the terms of any agreement as to maintenance made between husband
and wife, whether made before or after 1st June 1981, where it is satisfied
that there has been any material change in the circumstances and
notwithstanding any provision to the contrary in any such agreement.

21 Indeed, in _TQ v TR_ , this court observed as follows (at [61]):

It is clear [from ss 116, 119 and 132 of the Act] that all _postnuptial_
agreements with respect to _maintenance_ are subject to the scrutiny of the
court and may, in fact, even be varied if there has been any material change
in circumstances. In other words, _the courts_ have the _statutory_ power to
_override_ any _postnuptial_ agreement entered into between the spouses with
regard to maintenance. [emphasis in original]

22 Before proceeding to consider Issue 2, we pause to observe that, in
addition to the absence of full and frank disclosure of material facts, there
may well be other grounds upon which a consent order might be set aside even
after having been made. However, as this particular issue was not before us,
we do not state anything further, particularly given the fact that the law in
this area does not appear to be entirely settled (see, for example, _Foskett_
, especially at paras 24-73–24-106, and the authorities cited therein).

Issue 2

23 However, this was not an end to the matter. As already noted, the wife in
the present case did not appear either in person or through a legal
representative at the hearing at which the ancillary order was made. The
further issue that arises in this regard is whether or not the ancillary order
was a default judgment. The immediate question that arises in this regard is
whether or not the concept of a default judgment in general and O 13 of the
Rules of Court (Cap 322, R 5, 2006 Rev Ed) (“Rules of Court”) are in fact
applicable in the context of the present proceedings. In this regard, it is
clear that (with limited exceptions) the operative rules are not the Rules of
Court as such but, rather, the Women’s Charter (Matrimonial Proceedings) Rules
(Cap 353, R 4, 2006 Rev Ed) (“Matrimonial Proceedings Rules”) (see O 1 r 2(2)
of the Rules of Court). Turning, then, to the Matrimonial Proceedings Rules,
it would appear that there is no provision for the concept of a default
judgment in the context of matrimonial proceedings as the aforementioned rules
_expressly exclude_ the operation of O 13 of the Rules of Court (see r 3(2) of
the Matrimonial Proceedings Rules). If so, does this preclude the court from
making an ancillary order if one of the parties refuses to appear in court?
Consistent with the analysis rendered above, in such a situation, there can be
no _consent_ judgment entered as such. However, can the court concerned
nevertheless proceed to hear the case and render judgment accordingly?

24 In our view, the answer to the question posed at the end of the preceding
paragraph ought to be answered in the affirmative. However, this would mean
that the judge concerned would need to hear the case on its merits as the
concept of a default judgment is unavailable. But would this not result in
prejudice to the party who did not attend the proceedings if judgment is given
in favour of the other party? The simple answer to that would be that the
losing party would, presumably, have a right to apply – pursuant to O 35 r 2
of the Rules of Court – to set aside the judgment given in his or her absence
(and see generally _Supreme Court Practice 2009_ (Jeffrey Pinsler gen ed)
(LexisNexis, 2009), especially at para 35/2/1 and (in particular) the decision
of this court in _Su Sh-Hsyu v Wee Yue Chew_ [2007] 3 SLR(R) 673 (“ _Su Sh-
Hsyu_ ”)). Although this particular rule presumably applies (pursuant to r
3(1) of the Matrimonial Proceedings Rules), it should be noted that, unlike
other civil cases, it does not apply in tandem with the legal principles
applicable to a default judgment pursuant to O 13 of the Rules of Court simply
because (as noted in the preceding paragraph) O 13 of the Rules of Court has
been expressly excluded by the Matrimonial Proceedings Rules. It should also
be noted that the losing party would have the right of appeal (in this
situation, to the High Court).

25 Unfortunately, however, the present case did not proceed in the manner just
described. This was due to the fact that there was an underlying assumption
throughout (in fact, in both the Family Court and the High Court and, so it
appeared, by the wife in her case before this court) that the ancillary order
was a default judgment that could then be (as it in fact was) set aside if the
requisite test (now under _Mercurine_) was met. With respect, this was the
incorrect approach to adopt. As we have noted, there is no concept of a
default judgment along the lines of O 13 of the Rules of Court in proceedings
under Part X of the Act. This is perhaps not surprising in view of the fact
that matrimonial matters are not ordinary civil matters and possess a social
dimension as well. In the circumstances, the concept of a default judgment
would not sit easily with such proceedings. With respect, therefore, the
concept of a default judgment ought not to have been applied by the DJ. What,
then, of the original hearing leading to the making of the ancillary order?

26 As alluded to above (at [24]), the DJ ought to have considered whether the
ancillary order ought to have been set aside pursuant to O 35 r 2 of the Rules
of Court. We do note parenthetically that, in applying the test she did in
respect of what she thought (with respect, erroneously) was a default
judgment, the DJ did in fact apply a more stringent test than that which now
exists with respect to the setting aside of a default judgment (as laid down
by this court in _Mercurine_ (see above at [9])); this was in fact a test
which overlaps with one of the factors applicable in the context of an
application under O 35 r 2 of the Rules of Court (_viz_ , the prospect of
success (see _Su Sh-Hsyu_ at [44])). Be that as it may, it seemed to us that,
applying the applicable legal principles with respect to the setting aside of
a judgment pursuant to O 35 r 2 of the Rules of Court, the ancillary order
ought to have been set aside based on the evidence before us. Although the
wife had not appeared before the court as required on a number of occasions,
we bear in mind the fact that she was not legally represented then. More
importantly, as the DJ pertinently pointed out, the husband “sought to have
the terms of the [deed] agreed upon immediately after confronting [the wife]
of [_sic_] the PI report” and that the husband “clearly acted on her sense of
guilt”.[note: 1] Indeed, in her brief reasons for her decision, the DJ again
reiterated that “[i]t seems to me that the [husband] was capitalizing on the
Defendant’s sense of guilt”.[note: 2] This is clearly borne out by the
relevant facts as well as context as set out at the outset of this judgment.
Taking into account all these circumstances as a whole, it was perhaps not
surprising that the wife had not attended the subsequent hearings.
Furthermore, it appeared to us that the wife also enjoyed a real prospect of
success – a point which was also expressed by the DJ as part of her brief
reasons for her decision. In her view:[note: 3]

This is a 15-year marriage. The Defendant [the wife] was a homemaker and
raised 2 children. I am of the view that the Defendant has a real prospect of
success in having a share in the matrimonial assets and/or maintenance
(whatever amounts it may be) if she is given the opportunity to have her case
adjudicated upon. The ancillary orders sought to be set aside gave her
absolutely nothing at all.

To this, we would add that the legal principles set out in _TQ v TR_ (which
were briefly referred to above) would also be applicable to the relevant
facts.

Conclusions

27 For the reasons set out above, we allowed the appeal with costs of $5,000
awarded to the wife and with the usual consequential orders. Taking into
account all the circumstances of the case, we ordered that the costs order in
the proceedings below should remain.

* * *

[note: 1]Notes of Evidence, p 9.

[note: 2]_Ibid_ , p 14, para 7.

[note: 3]_Ibid_ , para 8.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 29 Sep 2011 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

