Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Surteco Pte Ltd _v_ Siebke Detlev Kurt and another suit  
[2011] SGHC 74

Case Number| :| Suit No 560 of 2009  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 30 March 2011  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Tan Lee Meng J  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Tan Yew Fai (Y F Tan & Co) for the plaintiff; Defendant,
in person.  
Parties| :|  Surteco Pte Ltd — Siebke Detlev Kurt  
  
30 March 2011| Judgment reserved.  
---|---  
  
Tan Lee Meng J:

Introduction

1 The plaintiff, Surteco Pte Ltd (“the company”), summarily dismissed its
former employee, the defendant, Mr Detlev Kurt Siebke (“Mr Siebke”), and sued
him for damages for breach of his employment contract. Mr Siebke, who denied
having breached his employment contract, counterclaimed for the payment by the
company of his remuneration as well as other benefits, including relocation
costs.

Background

2 The company manufactures and markets paper or plastic edge bandings,
synthetic resins, impregnated paper laminates or foils and roller shutters.

3 On 22 January 2007, the company hired Mr Siebke as its Area Sales Manager,
Asia. He was in charge of sales in a number of countries, including Hong Kong,
Pakistan, Sri Lanka and Vietnam. He was paid a monthly salary of $10,750, plus
a monthly transport allowance of $1,000. He was also provided with a laptop
computer by the company. His monthly salary was revised to $10,850 in April
2008.

4 Apparently, the company was quite dissatisfied with Mr Siebke’s performance.
Its managing director, Mr Hans Lennart Klingeborn (“Mr Klingeborn”)
contemplated the termination of Mr Siebke’s employment contract between the
end of 2007 and May 2008 but no action was taken “out of compassion” for the
latter’s livelihood. It was not until May 2008 that Mr Klingeborn informed Mr
Siebke that his employment would be terminated. Mr Siebke proposed that he be
redeployed to set up a warehouse and distribution point in India for the
company’s products. This proposal was accepted and Mr Siebke went to Chennai
on numerous occasions to prepare the groundwork for setting up the said
warehouse in India between May and November 2008.

5 Subsequently, the company scuttled its plans for the Indian warehouse. Mr
Klingeborn claimed that to make it easier for Mr Siebke to find another job
elsewhere, he gave the latter a retrenchment letter dated 19 November 2008,
which stated that he had lost his job as a result of the company’s cost-
cutting measures in the light of the global economic situation. Mr Siebke, who
was given the required notice of six months, was informed that he was to work
“as normal” during the notice period and that references for jobs within or
outside the Surteco group would be available upon request.

6 The company contended that after being “retrenched”, Mr Siebke’s performance
became worse. As it did not want him to become a bad example to other staff,
he was informed by Mr Klingeborn on 25 March 2009 that he would be given
“garden leave” until 31 May 2009. On the same day, Mr Siebke returned his
laptop computer to the company.

7 After conducting checks on the laptop computer returned by Mr Siebke, the
company discovered from his e-mails and “Skype” conversations with his friends
and customers that he had breached his duties to the company under his
employment contract. The company claimed that the information retrieved from
the laptop computer showed that Mr Siebke had been doing his own sideline
business and had told his friend that he had released the company’s
confidential Customers List to an outsider.

8 The company decided to summarily dismiss him in April 2009. All further
payments to Mr Siebke were immediately stopped.

9 Mr Siebke responded by instructing M/s Luther LLP to issue a letter of
demand to the company for sums allegedly owed to him by the company on 15 May
2009. As the company did not pay him the amount claimed, Mr Siebke commenced
MC Suit No 17380/2009L on 9 June 2009.

10 The company instituted the present suit to recover damages from him for his
breach of contract and for orders compelling him not to release the company’s
Customers List. Mr Siebke then successfully applied for an order to transfer
MC Suit No 17380/2009L to the High Court. By virtue of an Order of Court dated
26 November 2009, both the suits in the High Court were consolidated.

The company’s suit against Mr Siebke (Suit No 560 of 2009)

11 The success of the company’s suit against Mr Siebke hinges on whether it
was entitled to dismiss Mr Siebke summarily in April 2009.

12 In _Sinclair v Neighbour_ [1967] 2 QB 279, Sachs LJ pointed out at 289 that
it is well-established law that a servant can be instantly dismissed when his
conduct is such that it amounts to a wrongful act inconsistent with his duty
towards his master or is inconsistent with the continuance of confidence
between them. In _Cowie Edward Bruce v Berger International Pte Ltd_ [1999] 1
SLR(R) 739, Warren Khoo J explained at [39]-[40] the right of an employer to
summarily dismiss an employee in the following helpful terms:

In each case, it is a matter of degree whether the act complained of is of the
requisite gravity. It has been said that it must be so serious that it strikes
at the root of the contract of employment, that it destroys the confidence
underlying such a contract: _Jackson v Invicta Plastics_ Ltd [1987] BCLC 329
at 344, _per_ Peter Pain J.

The relevancy and effect of any misdeed complained of must, it seems to me, be
judged by reference to its effect on the employer-employee relationship. It
also seems to me that in judging the relevancy and effect of the acts
complained of, account must be taken of the habits and attitude of the
employer at the relevant time. They cannot be judged totally in a vacuum.

13 The company asserted that it had the right to dismiss Mr Siebke for a
number of serious breaches. The first concerned his sideline business of
selling aluminium handles to his customers in Europe without its approval.
This breached clause XIII of Mr Siebke’s employment contract, which provided
as follows:

The Employee will place his entire knowledge and work capacity at the disposal
of the Employer. All paid or unpaid sideline work of the Employee requires the
previous written approval of the Employer.

14 The data in the laptop computer used by Mr Siebke revealed that he had been
actively engaged in his sideline business between December 2007 and March
2009. According to Mr Klingeborn, Mr Siebke spent about 5% of his office hours
on his private business. Mr Siebke claimed that he had been given permission
to “wind down his personal business incrementally while at his job with [the
company]” because he could not abruptly cease his personal business at the
material time. This was vehemently denied by Mr Klingeborn, who said that Mr
Siebke had informed him that his sideline business was not doing very well and
that it would be wound up before the latter started work at the company. Mr
Klingeborn explained in his affidavit of evidence-in-chief (“AEIC”) at para 10
as follows:

During my job interview of [Mr Siebke] ..., I asked [him] what he was doing
for a living then. I was informed by [Mr Siebke] that he was running his own
business of supplying Aluminium Handles to his customers in Europe which he
procured from suppliers in Malaysia and China. He assured me personally that
he would wind up and conclude this Handle business completely before
commencing his employment with the Plaintiffs. [Mr Siebke] further told me
that his personal business was not doing well in any event. I also [specified]
to [him] the Plaintiffs’ stand that [his] own business must be completely
stopped before starting with the Plaintiffs and that [he] could not be running
his own business while working for the Plaintiffs, not even for a short
overlap of time. Hence, even before offering [Mr Siebke] the job with the
Plaintiffs, parties had already agreed that [his] own business must be
completely concluded before commencing work at the Plaintiffs.

15 I accept Mr Klingeborn’s evidence that Mr Siebke was not allowed to conduct
his own business after he joined the company.

16 Despite a court order and repeated requests, not a single document
pertaining to his own business was produced for inspection. Mr Siebke
initially claimed that he had no such documents. However, when cross-examined,
he admitted that the documents could be in one of the numerous boxes that he
kept in Thailand, where he now works.

17 Mr Siebke insisted that he did not conduct any sideline business but his
explanations bordered on the ridiculous. A couple of examples will suffice.
The first concerns a Skype chat with one Ms Lynna Puah on 13 November 2008,
during which he stated that he had made contacts with two new customers, and
that one of them would meet him at the Frankfurt airport in December 2008. Mr
Siebke claimed that what he really meant was that he was going to meet an old
friend’s son as well as the son’s friend after having breakfast with his old
friend. This story could, by no stretch of imagination, match what he had told
Ms Puah during the chat.

18 The second example relates to a Skype chat between Mr Siebke and one Mr
Domink Fruth (“Mr Fruth”) between 31 January to 1 February 2008, during which
the latter stated that he had just signed a contract and would send a copy of
the contract to Mr Siebke. Mr Fruth added that he “would transfer the money
after [Chinese New Year]” and that he will have “a nice letterhead designed
for [Mr Siebke’s] company”. Mr Siebke then forwarded his bank account number
to Mr Fruth and specified that the “contract” was to be sent to his personal
email address and not to his company email account. The company rightly
contended that if Mr Siebke was not conducting his own business in
January/February 2008, which was one year after he joined it, there would have
been no reason for Mr Fruth to send him a contract, for money to be
transferred to Mr Siebke and for a letterhead to be designed for Mr Siebke’s
own business. Mr Siebke’s explanation for the conversation with Mr Fruth was
contrived and inconsistent. He testified that Haefele Pte Ltd, the German
company for whom Mr Fruth works, wanted to do business in Vietnam and as a
representative office in Vietnam was not allowed to get any funds, Mr Fruth
could not receive his salary. That was why he wanted Mr Fruth to design a
letterhead for him so that he could render an invoice to the said
representative office to enable him to be paid Mr Fruth’s salary, after which
he was to pass over the money to the latter. Mr Siebke then changed his
evidence and said that Mr Fruth’s company has had a representative office in
Vietnam for the past eight years and that Mr Fruth had been controlling that
office from Singapore. It was thus obvious that Mr Fruth has had no problems
getting paid in Singapore for his work in Vietnam. Mr Siebke could not furnish
a proper explanation as to why Mr Fruth could not continue to receive his
salary in Singapore. I have no hesitation whatsoever in rejecting Mr Siebke’s
contrived explanation of the very plain language used in his chats with Mr
Fruth between 31 January and 1 February 2008, which clearly revealed that he
was conducting a sideline business of his own while being employed by the
company.

19 It is also worth noting that Mr Siebke stated in his Skype chat with one Mr
Gerd Lentze (“Mr Lentze”) on 14 August 2008 as follows:

They once told me that I ought not/should not continue to operate my own
company – then I removed it from the register so that there would no longer be
any trace of it at the registration office in Singapore .... The customers in
Germany aren’t interested – I continue to use the company name – that has no
validity under German law.

20 I thus find that Mr Siebke breached his employment contract by continuing
to run his sideline business while being employed by the company.

21 Another complaint by the company is that Mr Siebke breached his employment
contract by distributing the company’s confidential Customers List to others.
Mr Klingeborn explained in his AEIC at para 54 as follows:

… [A] competitor laying their hands on the Plaintiffs’ complete customers list
would be getting a completely confidential list of very sensitive and useful
information that is not possible to obtain from the public domain.... With the
exact internal road map against the Plaintiffs, a competitor would be in the
perfect position [to] pre-empt the requirements and needs of the Plaintiffs’
customers when the competitor approaches the customers. The competitor knows
from the purchase histories and details exactly what kind of edge bands any
particular customer needs and the quantities thereof.... The Customers List
removes any need for the competitor to start from scratch when attempting to
win market share from the Plaintiffs. This is an unfair advantage. They would
then be in a good position to recommend comparable edge bands and quote the
appropriate prices to beat the Plaintiffs, knowing the Plaintiffs’ specific
prices at which it sells to the customer .... A competitor would also be able
to know the Plaintiffs’ cost prices .... These are the Plaintiffs’ industrial
secrets.

22 The company asserted that Mr Siebke admitted in his Skype chat with Mr
Lentze on 16 March 2009 that he had just given the company’s entire Customers
List to a friend who sells wood-processing machines. The relevant part of the
transcript of this conversation is as follows:

Siebke: |  I just had a friend here; he sells wood-processing machines.  
---|---  
Lentze: |  and ... so  
Siebke |  _I given him our entire customer list for a start_.  
Lentze: |  what???  
Siebke: |  he was as pleased as a little child ... _12 years and more work the whole of South-east Asia_.  
Lentze: |  it must have been the deal of his life.... you can sell that customer list several times over to different people for some really big bucks... _isn’t that rather disreputable, my friend_ , what you’ve done there??? _You scoundrel_  
Siebke: |  _you know – I don’t care ...._.  
Lentze: |  be careful that it _doesn’t amount to industrial espionage_.  
Siebke: |  _that’s what it was ..._.  
Lentze: |  as sweet as revenge is, be careful that it doesn’t come out, if it does your good reputation is finished and perhaps you will get hit over the head.  
Siebke: |  I’ve given them to him – he’s okay – he’ll keep it to himself- what’s more there’s no competition he sells edging machines... _If I went to Rehau – to the direct competition – who produce the same stuff – that would be really underhand_.  
Lentze: |  go on do it.  
Siebke: |  _but I still have a copy at home; let me first get out of the company – and when I’ve got the last dollars_.  
[emphasis added]  
  
  

23 When cross-examined, Mr Siebke denied having given the Customers List to
his friend or that he had a copy of the said List in his house. He said that
he had talked “nonsense” with Mr Lentze and that his words may be regarded as
sheer “bravado”. I was not convinced by this explanation. As for what he meant
by the words “12 years and more work the whole of South-east Asia”, which
appeared in the context of his reference to the Customers List in his Skype
chat, he claimed that this referred to his own stay in Singapore and South-
east Asia. This explanation made no sense. I thus find that Mr Siebke breached
his employment contract by handing over the Customers List to an unauthorised
recipient.

24 Undoubtedly, by conducting his own sideline business and by distributing
the company’s Customers List to another party, Mr Siebke had breached his
employment contract in a manner that entitled the company to dismiss him
summarily when it discovered the breaches in April 2009. It is thus
unnecessary for me to consider whether or not the company’s other assertions
that he had abused his medical leave and spoken ill of its top executive and
its products are good grounds for the summary dismissal.

The company’s remedies

25 Having summarily dismissed Mr Siebke, the company contended that he is
obliged to return 50% of the remuneration and benefits paid to him during his
period of employment because he had not worked exclusively for it in
accordance with his contract. The amount claimed was $169,486.09.

26 Damages for breach of contract must be proven by the claimant. In _Sunny
Metal & Engineering Pte Ltd v Ng Khim Ming Eric_ [2007] 3 SLR(R) 782, the
Court of Appeal observed (at [60]):

In contract, as in tort, causation must first be proved before the issue of
remoteness is addressed: see _Chitty on Contracts_ (Sweet & Maxwell, 29th Ed,
2004) vol 1 at para 26-029. As was stated in _Monarch Steamship Co, Limited v
Karlshamns Oljefabriker (A/B)_ [1949] AC 196 ... at 225, it is established law
that the claimant may recover damages for a loss only where the breach of
contract was the “effective” or “dominant” cause of that loss.

27 The court added (at [62]) that instead of formal tests for causation in
contract, common sense is relied on as a guide to decide whether a breach of
contract is a sufficiently substantial cause of the claimant’s loss.

28 In the present case, Mr Siebke’s sideline business did not compete with the
company’s business. Even so, the company wanted to claw back 50% of the
remuneration paid to him because it estimated that he must have wasted half
his time in the office on his sideline business. However, when cross-examined,
Mr Klingeborn readily agreed that it is not possible to quantify the time an
employee spends on his official work and personal work during office hours.
There being no evidence that the company has suffered a loss of $169,486.09 as
a result of Mr Siebke’s sideline business or personal chats, the claim by the
company for this amount is dismissed.

29 As for the disclosure of the Customers List by Mr Siebke, the company
claimed the rather extravagant sum of $782,000.00. It pointed out that its net
profit for the first quarter of 2009 was lower than that for the first quarter
of 2008 by $518,000 while the decrease of its net profit for the second
quarter of 2009, when compared to the second quarter of 2008, was $264,000.
There was no satisfactory evidence from anyone in relation to the causal
connection between the distribution of the Customers List and the decrease in
net profit for the first and second quarters of 2009. When cross-examined, Mr
Klingeborn testified that while he “strongly believed” that there was a
connection between the drop in sales and the release of the Customers List,
the company had no “hard evidence” against Mr Siebke. That being the case, the
company failed to prove that it is entitled to the $782,000.00 that it claimed
from Mr Siebke.

30 The company also made an excessive claim against Mr Siebke for loss of
profits due to Mr Siebke’s poor work attitude. To begin with, it pointed out
that the gross profit for the markets under Mr Siebke’s charge, namely Hong
Kong, Sri Lanka, Pakistan and Vietnam fell by $123,289.00 in 2008. It added
that in view of the time expended by Mr Siebke on his personal chats and
gossip during office hours as well as his ill discipline and poor job
attitude, he should be liable for the said decrease in profits in 2008. It
cannot be overlooked that the company claimed that it knew quite soon after
hiring Mr Siebke that his performance was poor. Mr Klingeborn said that the
company did not dismiss Mr Siebke earlier on because of compassionate grounds.
In fact, when Mr Siebke’s services were no longer required in November 2008,
the company decided to make it easier for him to find another job by
retrenching instead of sacking him. He was even told that the company would
furnish a reference for him if he needed a reference to find a new job. In
these circumstances, the company is in no position to claim damages from him
for his poor performance. More importantly, there was no serious attempt by
the company to prove a causal link between Mr Siebke’s actions and its
decrease in profits in 2008. The company claim for loss of profits, amounting
to $123,289.00, is thus dismissed.

31 As there was no proof of the actual loss sustained by the company as a
result of Mr Siebke’s breaches of his employment contract, I award the company
nominal damages of $1,000.

32 The company also applied for an injunction that Mr Siebke be restrained
from using or disclosing to third parties “confidential information/documents
and/or trade secrets of [its] business or any part thereof which were obtained
by [him] while in [its] employment, including [its] Customers List”. I hold
that the company is entitled to this injunction.

33 Finally, I order Mr Siebke to deliver to the company all copies of the
latter’s Customers List that are still in his possession.

Mr Siebke’s suit against the company (Suit No 1020 of 2009)

34 In his suit, Mr Siebke claimed that he was entitled to be paid his salary,
transport allowance and other benefits until May 2009.

35 As I have found that the company had grounds to summarily dismiss Mr Siebke
in April 2009, he is only entitled to be paid his benefits until the day he
was summarily dismissed. The company’s case is that it decided to dismiss him
on 20 April 2009 and that Mr Siebke was only told about this decision on 29
April 2009 because he was then on “garden leave” and could not be contacted.
Mr Siebke said that he could have been contacted. I hold that the relevant
date of summary dismissal is 29 April 2009, the date when Mr Siebke was told
about the company’s decision to dispense with his services. As such, Mr Siebke
is entitled to be paid until this date. However, he must refund to the company
$2,500, the sum paid to him as a “travel advance”.

36 As for Mr Siebke’s claim for moving costs amounting to $7,050, clause
XVIII(4) of the employment contract provides that such costs cannot be claimed
by an employee who has been dismissed as a result of his breach of the said
contract. As for bonuses, these are discretionary and considering Mr Siebke’s
conduct and the fact that he was on garden leave because the company did not
approve of his attitude and work performance, his claim for a bonus cannot be
taken seriously.

37 Finally, Mr Siebke claimed $20,000 under clause XV of the employment
contract, which requires the company to pay him this sum within 30 days of the
termination of his employment as consideration for complying with the
covenants contained therein for one year after the termination date. The
covenants restrain Mr Siebke from soliciting the company’s staff and clients,
having business dealings with the company’s clients, interfering with the
goods and services of the company and being employed, engaged in or interested
in a business in Asia which competes with the company’s business. The
company’s case was that the covenants are binding on Mr Siebke but he is not
entitled to the $20,000 because he breached the covenants. However, there was
no evidence that Mr Siebke breached the covenants after the termination of the
employment contract on 29 April 2009. As such, Mr Siebke is entitled to the
$20,000.

Costs

38 I will hear the parties on costs.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 30 Mar 2011 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

