Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Oh Chun Moy and others _v_ Oh Bee Bee  
[2011] SGHC 220

Case Number| :| Originating Summons No.183 of 2011/M  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 30 September 2011  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Lai Siu Chiu J  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Albert Teo (PKWA Law Practice LLC) for the plaintiffs;
Eddie Lee (CP Lee & Co) for the defendant.  
Parties| :|  Oh Chun Moy and others — Oh Bee Bee  
  
30 September 2011|  
---|---  
  
Lai Siu Chiu J:

1 On 7 March 2011, Oh Chun Moy, Oh Ah Yen and Oh Kim Kee (“the first, second
and third plaintiffs” respectively) in their position as trustees of the
estate of Oh Chin Seong (“the Estate”) filed Originating Summons No. 183 of
2011 (“the OS”) against Oh Bee Bee (“the defendant”) praying _inter alia_ for
the following orders under s 41 of the Trustees Act (Cap 337, 2005 Rev Ed)
(“the Trustees Act”) and s 67 of the Probate and Administration Act (Cap 251,
2000 Rev Ed) (“the Probate and Administration Act”):

(a) That the defendant furnish proper particulars and accounts of the assets
and liabilities of the Estate;

(b) An inquiry be held and an account of the funeral and testamentary expenses
of Oh Chin Seong (“the Deceased”) be taken;

(c) An inquiry be held to determine what sums have been expended or
liabilities incurred by the plaintiffs and the defendant or some or one of
them in respect of which they or some or one of them are entitled to be
indemnified out of the whole or any part and what parts of the Estate; and

(d) That upon the inquiries being held, the defendant take immediate steps to
sign all cheques with the plaintiffs to complete the administration of the
Estate and distribute the Estate to all six beneficiaries within one (1) month
from this order.

2 Upon hearing the parties, I granted orders in terms of prayers (a), (b), (c)
and (d) and awarded costs of $800 to the plaintiffs excluding disbursements
which would be paid on a reimbursement basis by the defendant.

3 In regard to prayer (c), I further ordered the plaintiffs as trustees of the
Estate to reimburse the defendant the sums of $1,763.91 and $1,004 for
funeral/probate expenses and expenses relating to the sale of the property
situated at Block 672, Woodlands Drive 71 #08-77, Singapore 730672 (“the
flat”). In addition and provided the defendant was able to furnish supporting
documents by way of invoices and/or receipts, the defendant was entitled to be
reimbursed whatever commission (limited to 2%) that she had paid for the sale
of the property excluding any service fee claimed by the defendant’s husband
(who was not entitled to the same). Other than the defendant, the second and
third plaintiffs were entitled to be reimbursed $1,763.91 each while the first
plaintiff was entitled to be reimbursed $1,853.91 for expenses similarly
incurred by them.

4 Under prayer (d), I ordered that only the plaintiffs and the defendant were
entitled to be paid their shares from the Estate. The shares due to Oh Kian
Chun (“OKC”) and Oh Kian Tong (“OKT”) from the Estate were not to be
distributed for a period of six months from the date hereof pending any claim
by the defendant to their shares. If the defendant failed to make her claim by
1 December 2011, the plaintiffs were at liberty without the defendant’s
consent to release the shares to the aforesaid OKC and OKT which release would
be a valid discharge at law to the plaintiffs as trustees.

5 The defendant is dissatisfied with the above orders and has filed a notice
of appeal (in Civil Appeal No. 74 of 2011) against my decision. I now set out
the reasons for my decision.

The facts

6 The facts for the OS are to be found in the affidavits filed by the parties,
two joint affidavits were filed by the plaintiffs and one by the defendant.
According to the first joint affidavit filed by the plaintiffs, they are the
sisters of the defendant and all four are the administrators as well as
beneficiaries of the Estate of the Deceased (their late father) who passed
away on 10 June 2007. The beneficiaries of the Estate also included the
parties’ brothers OKC and OKT.

7 The plaintiffs alleged that the defendant was in control and continued to be
in control of matters relating to the Estate especially the accounts. They
deposed that the defendant had sold the flat in [3] which was an asset of the
Estate, which sale was completed on 29 October 2010. The plaintiffs’
solicitors had written on 22 October 2010 to the defendant to ask for accounts
of the Estate. The defendant and her husband Ng Peng Guan (“Ng”) had, in a
meeting with the plaintiffs’ solicitors on 27 October 2010 agreed to provide
the accounts and to deposit the sale proceeds of the flat into a bank account
to be set up for the Estate and which would be operated by all four
administrators.

8 The Estate’s bank account was duly opened with United Overseas Bank Limited
on 29 October 2010 and the net sale proceeds ($278,376.25) of the flat
deposited into the same. However, although the bank account was opened in the
names of the four administrators, the plaintiffs had no access to the monies
as the defendant held the cheque book. The defendant had also collected the
initial $5,000 deposit paid by the buyers.

9 On or about 28 November 2010, the defendant and Ng met the plaintiffs’
solicitors again to furnish the accounts. The documents included vouchers and
receipts for expenses purportedly incurred on behalf of the Estate for which
the defendant sought to be reimbursed.

10 Meanwhile, on 24 November 2010, the solicitors acting in the administration
of the Estate furnished the plaintiffs’ solicitors with details of various
bank accounts of the Estate.

11 On 7 December 2010, the plaintiffs’ solicitors wrote to the defendant to
inform her of the items and quantum of expenses that the plaintiffs agreed or
objected to, as being claimable from the Estate. The plaintiffs indicated they
would not agree to the defendant’s intention to pay Ng for various items of
expenses that were not agreed by them nor would they agree to her claim for
rent for keeping the Deceased’s ancestral tablet at her residence. The
plaintiffs also informed the defendant they did not wish to make a claim
against some Maybank deposits/accounts that were held in the joint names of
the Deceased, OKT and OKC. Neither would the plaintiffs pursue any claims
against two bank accounts of the Deceased, one maintained with UOB and the
other with Maybank. The plaintiffs’ solicitors made a proposal for
distribution of the Estate in the same letter.

12 On 12 December 2010, the defendant rejected the plaintiffs’
claims/proposals but gave no specific reasons, stating only that she would
seek legal advice. The plaintiffs’ solicitors sent the defendant a reminder on
17 December 2010 to which the defendant responded on 19 December 2010
repeating her intention to seek legal advice. On 4 January 2011, the
plaintiffs’ solicitors wrote again to the defendant giving her another two
weeks to respond.

13 On 6 January 2011, the defendant made various allegations against the
second plaintiff (that the second plaintiff and/or her husband was/were
indebted to loan sharks who harassed the purchasers of the flat). The
plaintiffs’ solicitors pointed out the allegations were irrelevant to the
matter at hand. Despite another reminder from the plaintiffs’ solicitors dated
26 January 2011, the defendant did not respond.

14 After the commencement of the OS, the defendant finally responded to the
plaintiffs’ allegations by affidavit. In her affidavit, the defendant
contended that the plaintiffs’ allegations were misconceived claiming she had
given full particulars of expenses incurred by her on behalf of the Estate.

15 The defendant alleged that after the demise of the Deceased, OKT and OKC
made no attempts to apply for letters of administration despite the former
being the eldest son of the Deceased. It was she who decided with the help of
Ng, that she and the plaintiffs would apply for letters of administration. It
was not an easy task as OKT and OKC refused to give their consent to the
application and the plaintiffs/she had to apply to court for dispensation of
the consent of the two brothers. It took two years for the grant of letters of
administration to be issued on 3 February 2010.

16 The defendant deposed she objected when the plaintiffs wanted to distribute
the net sale proceeds of the flat to all six beneficiaries including the two
brothers as the latter had withdrawn $110,159.77 (“the sum”) from the UOB and
Maybank accounts of the Deceased, which were part of the assets of Estate,
without the consent or knowledge of the plaintiffs and yet, they chose not to
pursue the matter. She disagreed with the plaintiffs’ stand (as conveyed to
her by the Estate’s solicitors) that they would not take any action (in order
to avoid further acrimony within the family, and also because it was not cost
effective and they had no right to do so) and if the defendant wanted to take
action against the brothers, she would have to do so in her personal capacity.

17 The defendant did not accept the plaintiffs’ decision, pointing out that
$10,482.57 of the sum was withdrawn using an ATM card whilst the balance of
$99,883.89 had been withdrawn from a joint account the Deceased held with one
of the two brothers.

18 The defendant disclosed in her affidavit a Tat Lee Bank statement dated 26
August 2000 showing total deposits of $166,233.28 in the joint account
maintained by the Deceased with his wife Poh Kim Ho (the parties’ mother who
passed away on 5 July 2005) and a fixed deposit advice from OCBC Bank of a
joint account she had with the Deceased. She listed out (purportedly from a
notebook kept by the Deceased) joint bank deposits that the Deceased had
maintained with her late mother or with his various children but there were no
independent bank documents from the defendant to support the list she
produced.

19 The plaintiffs took exception to the defendant’s allegations and assertions
in their reply affidavit. First, they denied her allegation that they intended
to distribute to the brothers their brothers’ shares of the Estate. The
plaintiffs deposed that they had made proposals (through their solicitors) to
the defendant to distribute what assets they could of the Estate and later
resolve the dispute of the withdrawal of the sum with the brothers but the
defendant had refused. The defendant had further insisted on being reimbursed
certain sums that they did not agree to.

20 The plaintiffs pointed out that the defendant did not produce any evidence
to corroborate the balances that were standing in the Tat Lee Bank and OCBC
accounts of the Deceased on the date of his demise. Statements of the bank
accounts would enable the plaintiffs to know what withdrawals had been made by
comparing the balances as of 10 June 2007 (date of demise) with balances when
the accounts were closed. Similarly, it would have been useful if the
defendant had produced statements from UOB and Maybank showing the withdrawals
of the sum by the two brothers and the balances when the two accounts were
closed.

21 On the other hand, the plaintiffs deposed they had evidence showing that
after the Deceased’s demise, the defendant had made use of the flat as storage
space for goods for the business she carried out with Ng who is a bankrupt.
The plaintiffs surmised that it was because of Ng’s bankruptcy that the
defendant wanted to obtain money from the Estate.

22 Finally, the plaintiffs complained that the defendant had been
uncooperative in her conduct. She failed to respond when the plaintiffs’
solicitors wrote to her on 14 April 2011 asking that she let them know what
was agreed or not agreed to in this OS.

The decision

23 I made the orders set out earlier in [1] because from a perusal of the
affidavits filed by the parties and the exhibits attached thereto, it was
clear to me that the defendant had not produced to the plaintiffs’
satisfaction the accounts of the Estate as she claimed she had, and she was
not truthful in her affidavit.

24 I start by referring to the expenses that the defendant claimed she had
incurred on the Estate’s behalf or, were allegedly owed to her by the Estate.
The defendant had handed the alleged accounts to the plaintiffs’ solicitors
when she and Ng visited their office on 28 November 2010. The figures are
placed in three categories below depending on whether the plaintiffs accepted
liability for the items as well as the quantum, accepted liability for the
items but not the quantum or totally rejected the items. The serial numbers
stated were those set out in the plaintiffs’ solicitors’ letter dated 7
December 2010 to the defendant.

A. **Items (including quantum) that the plaintiffs accepted**

|  Particulars |  Amount  
---|---|---  
S/No.6 |  Lawyer’s fees |  $4,745  
S/No. 7 |  Commissioner for Oaths’ fees |  $90  
S/No. 8(a) |  Sweeping of tomb and removal of grass |  $120  
S/No. 9 |  Deceased’s 1st anniversary prayers |  $551  
S/No. 10 |  Deceased’s combined altar for 3 years |  $978  
S/No. 11 |  Setting up of ancestral tablet at defendant’s residence |  $185  
S/No. 12 |  Change of lock |  $35  
S/No. 15 |  Utilities |  $1188.28  
S/No. 16 |  Registration fee of HDB for sale of flat |  $80  
S No. 17 |  HDB’s charges for transfer procedure |  $189.50  
S/No. 18 |  Fee for Death Certificate |  $65  
S/No. 19 |  HDB lawyer’s fees |  $288.85  
S/No. 20 |  HDB completion fee |  $38.30  
S/No. 23 |  Photocopying charges |  $5.75  
**Total** : |  |  **$8,559.68**  
  
  

(Plaintiffs’ counsel’s figure of $8,594.68 is incorrect.)

B **Items accepted by the plaintiffs but at reduced amounts**

S/No. 1 |  $816 reduced to $408 for funeral ancillary expenses.  
---|---  
S/No. 3 |  $280 reduced to $100 for red incense expense.  
S/No. 4 |  $580 reduced to $200 for cleaning services.  
S/No.5 |  $650 reduced to $200 for removal service charge.  
S/No. 21 |  $1,385 reduced to $96 for red packet expenses for setting up a deity and prayer table.  
**Total** |  **$1,004**  
  
  

C. **Items that were rejected by the plaintiffs**

|  Particulars |  Amount  
---|---|---  
S/No. 2 |  Transportation expenses and salary of Ng for one week in November 2007. |  $750  
S/No. 8(b) |  Transport cost. |  $210  
S/No. 13 |  3% service fee for Ng as agent. 1% fee to Ng. |  $12,600 $4,200  
S/No. 14 |  10 months’ rental of ancestral tablet space at the defendant’s residence. |  $6,000  
S/No. 22 |  Being expenses for setting up deity and prayer table and rental for ancestral tablet space at the defendant’s residence -$600 x 6months. |  $3,600  
**Total** : |  |  **$27,360**  
  
  

(Plaintiffs’ counsel’s estimate of $23,760 is incorrect.)

I had totalled up a sum of $7,055.65 in category A being the items the
plaintiff had agreed to reimburse the defendant but as the plaintiffs had paid
for the items equally, the defendant was only entitled to be reimbursed a
quarter of those items. Consequently, I divided the sum by four so that the
defendant’s share was $1,763.91 which sum was awarded to her. The first
plaintiff’s share was increased by $90 ($1,763.91 + $90) as she had paid the
entire $90 in serial no. 7 which the other three administrators did not bear.
It would appear from [24A] above that $7,055.65 should now be substituted by
$8,469.68 (revised total of $8,559.68 less $90) and the defendant’s one-fourth
share should now be $2,117.42 instead of $1,763.91 while the first plaintiff’s
share should be increased to $2,207.42 ($2,117.42 + $90).

25 For category B, the plaintiffs had reduced the defendant’s five items of
claim relating to funeral expenses to $1,004 and I similarly awarded her the
sum.

26 The defendant was not awarded any items that she had claimed in category C
for the reason that she provided no supporting documents. However, my order in
[3] gave the defendant an opportunity to furnish proof to enable her to be
reimbursed (if she had indeed paid) the standard commission paid to estate
agents of 2% of the sale price of an HDB flat for brokering the sale. Ng
however was not entitled to any remuneration from the Estate as claimed or at
all.

27 Cause book searches conducted by the plaintiffs which were exhibited in
their second affidavit showed that Ng was the subject of various bankruptcy
proceedings and was adjudged a bankrupt on 19 February 2009. When the sale of
the flat was completed on 29 October 2010, Ng had been a bankrupt for more
than a year. As an undischarged bankrupt, Ng’s estate is under the charge of
the Official Assignee (“OA”) and if he was indeed employed as a housing agent
or even acted on a freelance basis as one, he should have informed the OA as
his creditors would be interested in his income therefrom and whether he
earned enough to discharge his debts.

28 Further, apart from her bare statement on her husband’s behalf, there was
nothing to support the defendant’s claim that Ng was instrumental in finding
the buyer(s) of the flat. The plaintiffs had in their first affidavit
exhibited a handwritten note purportedly from Ng addressed to the defendant
that stated as follows:

1/7/2010 Re: Blk 672, Woodlands Defendant 71, #08-77, S (730672) – service fee
As agreed, 3% service fee if sale price will be given to achieve and perform
the following: (a) clean and clear, maintain the flat for viewing (b) sale in
high price (min $400,000) at least within 1½ months only (c) to attend all
viewing. (d) shift God’s & Oh Chin Seong Mr, Mrs, grandparent tablet (e)
housing agent fees (f) to attend to all other matters during the sale and
purchase process. As agreed  
---  
(signed) Oh Bee Bee |  (signed) Ng Peng Guan  
  
  

29 The handwritten note was at best self-serving. If indeed Ng found the
buyers of the flat, he should have informed the plaintiffs (since they are the
other administrators of the Estate) and obtained their agreement to his being
paid a commission as well as the rate he claimed of 3%, for the six services
set out above (assuming he provided them]. Obtaining only his wife’s agreement
to the commission payment would not suffice, as her agreement cannot bind the
other administrators of the Estate. Equally self serving and unacceptable were
two receipts issued by Ng to the defendant dated 1 November 2007 and 1 June
2008 in the sums of $750 and $816 respectively, purportedly for “transport and
services during inquiry and finding buyers” and for “prayer 10 June 2007 to 10
June 2008”.

The Law

30 Before going further, it would be appropriate at this juncture to look at
the law relevant to the OS. The application was made under S 41 of the
Trustees Act. The relevant provision in that section is actually 41S which
states:

**Trustees’ expenses**

(1) A trustee —

(a) shall be entitled to be reimbursed from the trust funds; or

b) may pay out of the trust funds,

reasonable expenses properly incurred by him when acting on behalf of the
trust.

_[45/2004]_

(2) This section shall apply to a trustee who has been authorised under a
power conferred by Part IVA or any other written law, or by the trust
instrument —

(a) to exercise functions as an agent of the trustees; or

(b) to act as a nominee or custodian,

as it applies to any other trustee.

It is to be noted that the operative words used in subsection (1)(a) are
“reasonable expenses properly incurred” in relation to a trustee being
reimbursed expenses incurred on behalf of a trust.

31 The OS had also referred to s 67 of the Probate & Administration Act. The
section states:

**Testamentary and funeral expenses**

(1) The court or a judge shall allow the executors or administrators the
reasonable testamentary and other expenses incurred by them, and also proper
funeral expenses and all reasonable expenses of subsequent religious
ceremonies suitable to the station in life of the deceased.

The defendant as an administrator of the Estate is undoubtedly entitled to be
paid reasonable testamentary and other expenses that she had incurred on
behalf of the Deceased. However, the burden was on her to prove: (i) the
expenses she incurred were testamentary in nature and/or incurred on behalf of
the Deceased and (ii) they were reasonably incurred. Looking at the evidence
tendered by the defendant, I was of the view that she had failed to discharge
the burden save for the items set out in [24A] above.

32 By way of one example, the defendant had charged the Estate $600 per month
for ten months for the rental of ancestral tablet space in her home (see [24]
_supra_) even though the plaintiffs wanted to move the tablet to a temple and
were willing pay for the service. Having moved the tablet to her own home, the
defendant had the gall to charge the Estate rent. Clearly, her actions were
not motivated by filial piety for her late father but by pure greed.

33 The plaintiffs had produced photographs showing that the defendant and or
Ng had made use of the flat before its sale, as storage space for her sole-
proprietorship called Guan Bee Yi Trading which was in the business of
handicrafts, collectibles and gifts. She did not pay rent for such usage.

34 On the one hand, the defendant complained that her two brothers should not
be given their shares of the Estate because they had withdrawn funds from the
Deceased’s bank accounts. On the other hand, she was not above misusing her
own position as an administrator and a trustee to try and make money from the
Estate for herself and her husband.

35 It is trite law which does not need repeating, that the defendant owes a
duty as an administrator at common law and as a trustee under the Trustees Act
to act in the best interests of the Estate. Her conduct as reflected not only
in the plaintiffs’ affidavits but in her own affidavit showed that the
defendant paid scant regard to her duties and obligations. Instead, she seemed
bent on milking the Estate for as much money as she could (as the plaintiffs
surmised in their second affidavit) perhaps because it was the only way she
and Ng could make some money.

36 The defendant’s unseemly conduct and failure to provide full accounts of
the Estate and bank documents in particular, despite repeated requests by the
plaintiffs, prompted this court to make the orders that the plaintiffs applied
for in the OS, as set out in [1] earlier.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 30 Sep 2011 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

