Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Koh Cheong Heng _v_ Ho Yee Fong  
[2011] SGHC 48

Case Number| :| Originating Summons No 566 of 2010  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 02 March 2011  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Judith Prakash J  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Mr Lee Ee Yang (WongPartnership LLP) for the plaintiff;
Ms Corinne Taylor (Legal Solutions LLC) for the Litigation Representative of
the defendant  
Parties| :|  Koh Cheong Heng — Ho Yee Fong  
  
2 March 2011|  
---|---  
  
Judith Prakash J:

Introduction

1 The plaintiff in this action, Mr Koh Cheong Heng (“the plaintiff”), applied
via Originating Summons No 566 of 2010 for an order to compel his wife, Mdm Ho
Yee Fong (“the defendant”), to transfer all her right, title and interest in
the property known as 168 Stirling Road #10-1185 Singapore 141168 (“the
Property”) to the plaintiff, to be held by the plaintiff absolutely. The
defendant, acting through her litigation representative who was her niece,
agreed to the order being made. On 14 January 2011, after considering the
plaintiff’s submissions, I made the order sought.

2 These written grounds of decision are being issued because the case raised
interesting issues with regard to the doctrine of _donatio mortis causa_.

Facts

3 The plaintiff and the defendant have been married since 1970. They have no
children. At the time of hearing, the defendant was 71 years old and the
plaintiff was 69 years old. Neither party was employed.

4 The plaintiff purchased the Property in July 1972 and was registered as the
sole owner. From about 1993, the plaintiff has been in ill health and has had
several operations. In July 2006, the plaintiff was admitted to hospital with
an infection. He remained there in a serious condition for more than two
months. Upon his discharge, his mobility was extremely limited and he could
only move around with the aid of a wheelchair. Because the defendant was
herself advanced in age and found it difficult to attend to the plaintiff, the
couple agreed in 2007 that the plaintiff be admitted to the Society For The
Aged Sick (“the Home”) so that he could be properly taken care of.

5 By a transfer document that was registered at the Registry of Titles on 3
November 2006 the plaintiff transferred his interest in the Property to the
defendant and himself as joint tenants. As a result, each of the defendant and
the plaintiff became the possessor of an undivided interest in the whole of
the Property. The transfer was made as a gift without any payment from the
defendant because the plaintiff wanted to provide for his wife in case he
predeceased her. The plaintiff explained that he had signed the transfer on 8
August 2006 while he was in hospital and thinking he would not recover,
because he was concerned to ensure that his wife would own the flat in the
event of his death. The execution of the transfer was witnessed by an officer
from the Housing and Development Board (“the HDB”) who had attended at the
hospital expressly for that purpose. At the time, the plaintiff did not have a
lawyer and had not received legal advice on the options open to him.

6 In 2008, the defendant suffered severe head injuries from a fall. The
defendant underwent rehabilitation treatment from 2008 to 2009 but, after her
discharge from hospital, she remained partially immobile, with very poor short
term memory. She now requires assistance in her daily activities such as
eating, hygiene and toilet needs. She is also not able to handle money or deal
with assets. The defendant will probably not be able to bequeath the Property
by will because, according to a Specialist Medical Report from Tan Tock Seng
Hospital, she lacks testamentary capacity. Since 2009, the defendant too has
been resident in the Home.

7 The Property is currently tenanted and the rent is used to cover the living
and medical expenses of the parties, including their expenses at the Home.

8 Having regard to the state of the defendant’s health, the plaintiff recently
became concerned about predeceasing her with the result that she would become
the sole owner of the Property. In that event, since the defendant is not able
to make a will, on her death the Property will be distributed in accordance
with the Intestate Succession Act (Cap 146, 1985 Rev Ed) and this means it
will be shared equally amongst the children of her deceased brothers and
sisters. The plaintiff was not happy about such an outcome as he had furnished
the entire purchase price of the Property himself and had transferred an
interest in the Property to the defendant in order to provide for her. He had
not intended to benefit her relatives since he had relatives of his own.

9 Accordingly, the plaintiff sought to revoke his gift to the defendant by
obtaining a re-transfer of the Property. The plaintiff has provided for the
defendant, after the re-transfer of the Property, by stipulating in his will
that the Property is not to be sold during the life-time of the defendant and,
during such life-time, the rental proceeds of the Property are to be applied
to take care of the defendant.

Issues before the court

10 At the hearing, Mr Lee Ee Yang, counsel for the plaintiff, argued that the
plaintiff’s gift to the defendant of a joint interest in the Property was
revocable because it was a gift that was conditional upon death, _viz_ , a
_donatio mortis causa_. Citing _Snell’s Equity_ (John McGhee gen ed) (Sweet &
Maxwell, 31st ed, 2005) at p 554 (“ _Snell’s Equity_ ”), Mr Lee contended that
because the plaintiff was seeking to revoke the gift before his death, he was
entitled to an order for the legal interest in the Property to be transferred
back to him.

11 There were three issues that I had to resolve in making a decision as to
whether the plaintiff was entitled to such an order, namely:

(a) First, whether there was a valid _donatio mortis causa_ in the present
case;

(b) Second, whether the operation of _donatio mortis causa_ was precluded by
the Wills Act (Cap 352, 1996 Rev Ed); and

(c) Third, whether the operation of _donatio mortis causa_ was precluded by
the Housing and Development Act (Cap 129, 2004 Rev Ed) (“the HDA”).

First Issue: Whether there was a valid _donatio mortis causa_ in the present
case

The requirements of a valid donatio mortis causa

12 The _donatio mortis causa_ recognised by English law was taken from Roman
law: see Peter Sparkes, “Death-Bed Gifts of Land (1992) 43(1) N. Ireland Legal
Quarterly 35 at p 37 (“ _Sparkes_ ”) and Andrew Borkowski, _Deathbed Gifts –
The Law of Donatio Mortis Causa_ (Blackstone Press, 1999) at pp 5-7 (“
_Borkowski_ ”). Although three main kinds of _donatio mortis causa_ were
recognised in Roman law, only one of the three exists in English doctrine,
_viz_ the kind described by Justinian as a gift “where the donor so gives that
if indeed he should die, the recipient is the owner of the thing: but, if he
should survive or if the donee should predecease him, the donor may take the
thing back” (_Sparkes_ at p 38, citing _Institutes_ , Title VII).

13 As established by English case precedents, three conditions must be made
out before a valid _donatio mortis causa_ arises. These three conditions are
helpfully summarised in _Snell’s Equity_ at pp 551-555:

(a) First, a gift must have been made in contemplation of impending death;

(b) Second, the gift must have been made upon the condition that it is to be
absolute and complete only on the donor’s death. The condition need not be
express, and will normally be implied from the fact that the gift was made
when the donor was ill; and

(c) Third, there must have been delivery of the subject matter of the gift, or
of something representing it, which the donee accepts. When the donor delivers
the property, he must intend to part with dominion over it, rather than with
mere physical possession.

Application to the present case

14 In the present case, the first condition was made out because the plaintiff
was ill and in contemplation of death in the near future when he transferred
the Property to be held in the joint names of the parties. I also found on the
facts that the plaintiff had made the said transfer with the intention that it
would be absolute only upon his death, thus fulfilling the second condition.
This intention could also be inferred from the nature of the transfer _ie_ the
fact that it was made to the plaintiff and the defendant as joint tenants
mandated that if the defendant were to predecease the plaintiff, the plaintiff
would automatically recover his sole interest in the whole of the Property.

15 The third condition requires more analysis. In _Sen v Headley_ [1991] 2 All
ER 636 (“ _Sen v Headley_ ”), the delivery of a key (that could open a box
containing title deeds) was held to be sufficient for a _donatio mortis causa_
of unregistered land. Reasoning from _Sen v Headley_ , _a fortiori_ , in the
present case where there was in fact a legal conveyance of registered land,
there was delivery of the Property to the defendant. It may be thought that
the plaintiff had not parted with dominion over the Property given that he
remained as a joint tenant. However, the plaintiff had executed a formal
transfer of the Property and submitted it for registration so that the
defendant would acquire a legal estate in the Property. In the light of these
facts I considered that the plaintiff had parted sufficiently with dominion to
satisfy the third condition.

16 Therefore, I decided that there was a valid _donatio mortis causa_ when the
plaintiff transferred the Property to the defendant and himself, to be held in
their joint names.

Second Issue: Whether the operation of _donatio mortis causa_ is precluded by
the Wills Act

17 The assertion of a _donatio mortis causa_ is often made in situations which
closely resemble an oral (“nuncupative”) will. Accordingly, an issue arose as
to whether the operation of _donatio mortis causa_ was precluded by the Wills
Act. This is because under s 6(1) of the Wills Act, no will is valid unless,
_inter alia_ , it is in writing. A nuncupative will is valid only where it is
made by soldiers and mariners (see s 27 of the Wills Act).

18 Certainly, some aspects of a _donatio mortis causa_ resemble a testamentary
disposition (see _Snell’s Equity_ at p 555). For example, both _donatio mortis
causa_ and testamentary dispositions are conditional on, and revocable prior
to, the donor’s death (see _Borkowski_ at pp 30-35).

19 In my view, however, a _donatio mortis causa_ is not a nuncupative will. It
is instead a _sui generis_ category of property dealing which is neither
completely _inter vivos_ nor completely testamentary (see _eg Re Beaumont_
[1902] 1 Ch 889 at 892 (“ _Re Beaumont_ ”)). _Snell’s Equity_ notes that there
are at least four differences between a _donatio mortis causa_ and a legacy
(_Snell’s Equity_ at pp 554-555):

(1) EFFECTIVE BEFORE DEATH. A _donatio mortis causa_ takes effect
conditionally from the date of the delivery, and therefore need not be proved
as a testamentary act.

(2) NO ASSENT. If often requires no asset or other act on the part of the
personal representatives to perfect the title of the donee.

(3) VALIDITY DEPENDS ON SITUS NOT DOMICILE. Its validity, if made here,
depends upon English law, not on the law of the donor’s foreign domicile. Thus
a person domiciled in Russia can make a valid _donatio mortis causa_ in this
country of property situate here, even if such a gift would be ineffective by
the law of Russia. However, it has been held that a person domiciled here can
make a valid _donatio mortis causa_ of property situate abroad even though the
foreign law does not recognise such a gift, provided his acts constitute a
parting with dominion according to the foreign law.

(4) METHOD OF REVOCATION. It is revocable either automatically by the recovery
of the donor, or expressly by his resuming possession and dominion over the
property, but not by will.

(Footnotes omitted)

20 I would add that, as noted by Lord Cowper LC in _Jones v Selby_ (1710) Prec
Ch 300 at 303, 24 ER 143 at 144, _donatio mortis causa_ is “a gift _in
praesenti_ to take effect _in futuro_ ”. The donor must have a _present
intention_ to give, and must immediately part with dominion over the property.
This is fundamentally different from a testamentary disposition, where there
is a mere intention to give __in the future__. Indeed, _In Re Patterson’s
Estate_ (1864) 4 De G J & S 422, 46 ER 982 (“ _Re Patterson_ ”) provides
direct authority that a _donatio mortis causa_ is _not_ a nuncupative will. In
_Re Patterson_ , the donor gave three promissory notes to his nephew saying
that he wanted him to have them on the donor’s death, but that until then the
donor wished to be master of the notes. It was held that the transaction did
not constitute a valid _donatio_. Instead, it was found to be no more than an
attempt to make a testamentary gift, which failed because of non-compliance
with the formalities of the Wills Act 1837.

21 In my judgment, the operation of _donatio mortis causa_ is not precluded by
the prohibition of nuncupative wills contained in s 6 of the Wills Act.

Third Issue: Whether the operation of _donatio mortis causa_ is precluded by
the Housing and Development Act

22 I finally turn to address the issue of whether the operation of _donatio
mortis causa_ is precluded by the HDA. Under s 51 of the HDA, certain types of
trusts over protected property (including HDB flats) are rendered void.
Accordingly, if _donatio mortis causa_ involves the creation of a trust, the
doctrine may not be applicable because the Property is a HDB flat.

23 The effect of a _donatio mortis causa_ has to be considered at two
different stages in time, _viz_ (1) at the delivery of the subject-matter of
the gift, and (2) at the death of the donor. At the first stage, the relevant
parties are the donor and the donee, whereas at the second stage, the relevant
parties are the donee and the administrators of the donor’s estate. On the
facts of the present case, given that the donor has not died, I was not
concerned about the latter stage. It was necessary only for me to determine
the effect of a _donatio_ following delivery of the subject-matter.

24 There were two issues that had to be addressed. First, I had to determine
the precise effect of a _donatio mortis causa_ following delivery of the
subject-matter. For the reasons given below, I concluded that upon delivery
_donatio_ involves a _gift_ rather than constituting a _trust_ although at a
later stage a trust may arise in favour of either the donor or the donee.
Second, I had to determine whether the HDA precludes the applicability of
_donatio mortis causa_ with regard to the Property. On this issue, I concluded
that the HDA does not prevent a valid _donatio mortis causa_ from arising in
the present case.

The effect of a donatio mortis causa following delivery of the subject-matter

25 The first question related to the effect of a _donatio mortis causa_
following delivery of the subject-matter. The law on this point is unclear
because the numerous judicial pronouncements on the effect of delivery do not
speak with one voice (see _Borkowski_ at p 106).

26 One line of cases (_eg Agnew v Belfast Banking Co_ [1896] 2 IR 204) appears
to suggest that the donee does not acquire any title until the donor dies. A
second line of cases is ambiguous as to the effect of a _donatio_ upon
delivery. As earlier cited, in _Jones v Selby_ the court defined _donatio
mortis causa_ as a gift “ _in praesenti_ to take effect _in futuro_ after
death”. In _Duffield v Elwes_ (1827) 1 Bli NS 497 at 530, 4 ER 959 at 971,
Lord Eldon held that “the title is not complete till he [the donor] is
actually dead”. Lord Eldon’s statement has been interpreted to mean that the
donee does not acquire full title until the donor dies. In _Re Beaumont_ ,
Buckley J described a _donatio_ as a gift “by which the donee is to have the
absolute title to the subject of the gift not at once but if the donor dies”.
I note that the statements of Lord Eldon and Buckley J are ambiguous, because
their references to “complete” or “absolute” title may plausibly refer to
either the passing of title or to irrevocability (or “indefeasibility”) of the
gift (see _Sparkes_ at p 42). Likewise, the _Jones v Selby_ statement does not
make clear what it means for a gift to take effect “ _in futuro_ ”, especially
since the same statement emphasises that is a gift “ _in praesenti_ ”.

27 A third line of cases (_eg Walter v Hodge_ (1818) 2 Swans 92 (“ _Walter v
Hodge_ ”)) suggests that the effect of delivery is that the donee obtains full
title to the subject-matter, but that the “gift” is in a defeasible state
until death.

28 Given the lack of clarity in the law, the effect of a _donatio_ following
delivery cannot be determined on the basis of English judicial precedent. In
the absence of authoritative guidance, I proceeded to analyse the effect of
delivery by reasoning from first principles. The decided cases and various
treatises revealed two possible conceptions of the effect of delivery in a
_donatio mortis causa_ situation, _viz_ (1) that a trust is created upon
delivery (“the Trust Conception”); and (2) that a gift is made upon delivery
(“the Gift Conception”). Broadly speaking, the first line of cases above cited
supports the Trust Conception while the third line of cases supports the Gift
Conception. The second line of cases, being ambiguous, could be cited in
support of either conception.

The Trust Conception

29 Under the Trust Conception, at the time of delivery, legal title of the
property passes to the donee while equitable title remains with the donor (see
_eg Staniland v Willott_ (1852) 3 Mac & G 664 (“ _Staniland v Willott_ ”). The
donee holds the property on trust for the donor, subject to a condition
subsequent which extinguishes the trust on the donor’s death. Therefore, the
donee obtains full title to the property only upon death of the donor. The
Trust Conception appears to be adopted by the learned author of _Snell’s
Equity_ , at least in the context of gifts where legal title is transferred to
the donee. _Snell’s Equity_ conceives of _donatio mortis causa_ as creating a
trust the moment the legal interest is transferred to the donee. The relevant
passage is at p 553 para 22-20:

If the transfer of the legal interest to the donee is complete, he will hold
it on trust for the donor during his lifetime, subject to a condition
subsequent which may take effect on the donor’s death. The condition would
operate to extinguish the trust so that the donee would hold his legal
interest as beneficial owner. If, however, the donor revokes the gift before
he dies, then the donee holds the legal interest in the property on bare trust
for the donor absolutely.

30 Accepting for the moment that a trust indeed arises the moment the transfer
of legal interest to the donee is complete, it is still necessary to further
clarify the precise _nature_ of the trust that is created upon delivery. There
are at least two possible types of trusts created, _viz_ (1) an express trust;
or (2) an implied trust.

31 In my view, _donatio mortis causa_ cannot be construed as creating an
express trust upon delivery. It is well established that the donor’s intention
to create a trust must be clear on the facts of the case before an express
trust can be constituted (_Hinckley Singapore Trading Pte Ltd v Sogo
Department Stores (S) Pte Ltd (under judicial management)_ [2001] 3 SLR(R)
119). A trust cannot be created if the words purporting to create a trust,
objectively ascertained, do not evince an intention to create a trust: Robert
Pearce, John Stevens & Warren Barr, _The Law of Trusts and Equitable
Obligations_ (Oxford, 5th ed, 2010) at p 188 (“ _Pearce, Stevens & Barr_”). In
the event that the court finds that there was no such intention, the transfer
of legal title remains effective to transfer the property and the recipient
acquires the property as a gift, _ie_ , free of any trust, unless the court
_implies_ a trust in the circumstances.

32 The intention to make a _donatio mortis causa_ is different from the
intention to create a trust. For the latter, the requisite intention is that
the donee shall be a trustee of the subject-matter and have no beneficial
interest in the property whatsoever, whereas for the former, the intention is
one of making some form of gift (_ie_ so that the donee may use the subject-
matter for his own benefit) which is perfected on the death of the donor. As
Professor Hughes notes in his article, for the purposes of _donatio mortis
causa_ , “the intention to make a gift, or at least a special kind of
voluntary transaction, must be shown” (Bob Hughes, “The Exception is the Rule:
_Donatio Mortis Causa_ ” (2003) 7(2) Journal of South Pacific Law (“ _Hughes_
”)). Professor Hughes further points out that it is traditionally accepted
that _donatio mortis causa_ involves a voluntary assignment of property,
rather than one referable to any contractual basis.

33 Accordingly, the _donatio mortis causa_ doctrine cannot possibly involve
the creation of an express trust whether by declaration or otherwise, because
it “involves no intention to create an express trust nor is there a trustee”,
and it is “regarded as in the nature of a gift or voluntary alienation which
is conditional in nature” (see _Hughes_).

34 For the avoidance of doubt, I clarify that a dying man _can_ still create
an express trust over his property, for it is conceivable that a dying donor
could make clear his intention for a donee to hold the subject-matter on
trust. However, whether he makes an express trust or a _donatio mortis causa_
must be objectively ascertained on the facts of each case.

35 I turn now to consider the possibility that an _implied_ trust is created
upon delivery. Two possible types of implied trusts may arise in a _donatio
mortis causa_ situation.

36 First, a _resulting trust_ may arise on the facts. Resulting trusts are
imposed to give effect to the implied intentions of the owner of the property.
Where a transfer of property has occurred and the legal title has been
transferred, but the transferor has failed to show an intention to divest
himself fully of all his interest in that property, the transferee will not be
permitted to receive the property absolutely for his own benefit; instead, he
will hold it on trust for the transferor (see _Pearce, Stevens & Barr_ at p
267). The resulting trust analysis is possible in the present case,
notwithstanding that the presumption of advancement may arise from the
plaintiff’s and defendant’s spousal relationship. The presumption of
advancement can be rebutted by evidence that a transferor did not intend to
make an unconditional gift. In the present case, the presumption of
advancement is rebutted by evidence of the plaintiff’s intention not to make
an indefeasible and unqualified gift (as is required for the purposes of
_donatio mortis causa_).

37 The second possible type of implied trust that may arise is an
_institutional constructive trust_ , where a constructive trust is implied to
recognise a pre-existing equitable interest (see _Pearce, Stevens & Barr_ at p
315). One species of such an institutional constructive trust is English law’s
_common intention constructive trust_ (“CICT”). It is a requirement of
_donatio mortis causa_ that the transfer must have been made upon the
condition that it is to be absolute and complete only on the donor’s death,
such a condition normally being implied from the fact that the gift was made
when the donor was ill. It is accordingly possible for a court to find that
the parties had a “common intention” that the transfer was made for the donee
to hold the subject matter on trust for the donor, and that the donee would
receive beneficial interest only upon the donor’s death. One should note that
the CICT was judicially developed in England in the context of shared homes
(see generally _Pearce, Stevens & Barr_ at pp 337, 360-391). In this regard,
the CICT may be seen to be appropriate in the present case because the
Property is a shared home. However, I am reluctant to hold that CICT properly
describes the effect of delivery in all _donatio mortis causa_ situations,
since many of these situations do not involve a shared home. Furthermore, the
CICT has been extensively criticised for involving an artificial search for
common intention (see _Pearce, Stevens & Barr_ at p 387, which cites many
articles criticising CICTs). As Tipping J said in _Lankow v Rose_ [1995] 1
NZLR 277 at 293, the English jurisprudence on CICTs is:

unnecessarily artificial. It is better to acknowledge openly that a
constructive trust is being imposed in equity without the consent, express,
implied or imputed, of the constructive trustee. The trust is imposed because
equity will not allow the legal owner to deny the claimant a beneficial
interest.

The Gift Conception

38 Under the Gift Conception, at the time of delivery, the donee obtains a
“gift” of _at least_ equitable title to the subject matter. He may also obtain
legal title, depending on the precise subject matter being transferred and the
donor’s compliance with the necessary formalities. However, although the
“gift” vests in the donee immediately, it is subject to a condition that it
may be revoked.

39 The Gift Conception is supported by a note to the report of _Walter v
Hodge_ at 554, which asserts clearly that a _donatio mortis causa_ must first
possess the requisites of a gift. Similarly, Meagher, Heydon and Leeming in
_Meagher, Gummow and Lehane’s Equity, Doctrines and Remedies_ (Butterworths,
4th ed, 2002) at para 30-025, note that in the interim period between delivery
and death of the donor, full (but not indefeasible) title vests in the donee.
Such a gift is distinguished from an _inter vivos_ gift by the existence of an
obligation to retransfer the property on recovery by the donor, or if the
donor revokes the gift before his death (_Sparkes_ at p 39, citing _Edwards v
Jones_ (1836) 1 My & Cr 226 at 234, where Cottenham LC noted that a purported
outright gift cannot be a _donatio mortis causa_). Although the gift is
“perfect” in the sense that the donee can immediately use it as his own, it is
subject to the condition that it will only become indefeasible in the event of
the donor’s death and should the donor not die the gift will be revoked.

40 Revocation of a _donatio mortis causa_ may take place either expressly (by
the donor’s acts) or automatically through his recovery from illness
(_Staniland v Willott_ ; and see _Snell’s Equity_ at p 554, para 22-21; Jill E
Martin, _Hanbury & Martin: Modern Equity_ (Sweet & Maxwell, 18th ed, 2009) at
p 153, para 4-032 (“ _Hanbury & Martin_”)). In this case an automatic
revocation could not be effective since legal title had passed and the
plaintiff had to expressly revoke the gift. Since the defendant was not
capable of responding to a demand for a re-transfer of her interest, the
express revocation was constituted by the initiation of these proceedings to
enable the plaintiff to regain dominion over the whole of the Property.

41 Where legal title is not vested in the donee, then the donor’s power of
revocation may be rationalised thus: equity will not assist the donee in
perfecting the gift insofar as the donor has not passed away, since
indefeasibility is only conferred upon the donor’s death.

42 Where legal title has been vested in the donee, as Borkowski notes, the
donee is in a curious position because he is the legal owner but in equity –
for the purposes of the doctrine of _donatio mortis causa_ – it is a title
which is conditional on the death of the donor (_Borkowski_ , at p 107).
Borkowski suggests that where legal title has been vested in the donee, the
donee should be regarded as a trustee for the donor, citing the authority of
_Staniland v Willott_. In _Staniland v Willott_ , the court held that the
donee held the shares on trust for the donor because the legal transfer of
shares had been made on the understanding that it was to have absolute effect
only in the event of the donor’s anticipated death. Insofar as Borkowski and
_Staniland v Willott_ observe that a trust mechanism arises at the time of
revocation of the _donatio_ , I agree. However, I emphasise that this should
not be taken as a return to the Trust Conception, because here the trust is
imposed _at the time of revocation_ rather than _at the time of delivery_.
What then, is the precise type of trust imposed?

43 In my view, the best explanation for the power of revocation in a situation
where legal title has been vested in the donee is that a _remedial
constructive trust_ (“RCT”) arises upon revocation. The essence of an RCT is
well captured by Lord Denning MR in _Hussey v Palmer_ [1972] 3 All ER 744 at
747 (“ _Hussey v Palmer_ ”):

[An RCT] is a trust imposed by law whenever justice and good conscience
require it. It is a liberal process, founded on large principles of equity, to
be applied in cases where the defendant cannot conscientiously keep the
property for himself alone, but ought to allow another to have the property or
a share in it. The trust may arise at the outset when the property is
acquired, or later on, as the circumstances may require. It is an equitable
remedy by which the court can enable an aggrieved party to obtain restitution.

_Pearce, Stevens & Barr_ notes at p 320 that Lord Denning’s conception of an
RCT was derived from the American model of constructive trusts, as stated in
the Restatement of Restitution at para 16:

Where a person holding title to property is subject to an equitable duty to
convey it to another on the ground that he would be unjustly enriched if he
were permitted to retain it, a constructive trust arises.

44 Under the RCT approach, the court enjoys the discretion to determine
whether or not a proprietary remedy should be awarded (_Pearce, Stevens &
Barr_ at p 315). If the court exercises its discretion to award a constructive
trust, the resulting beneficial entitlement can be said to have been “imposed”
by the court, which does not merely recognise a pre-existing proprietary
interest (_ibid_). Therefore, the donor’s equitable proprietary interest may
not have to arise from the facts _per se_ , but rather, from the exercise of
the court’s discretion to award such a remedy (_ibid_).

45 I acknowledge that notwithstanding Lord Denning’s efforts in _Hussey v
Palmer_ , the RCT has not been formally established in England. However, it is
significant that despite the rejection of the RCT in numerous decisions of the
English Court of Appeal, Lord Browne-Wilkinson in _Westdeutsche Landesbank
Girozentrale v Islington Borough Council_ [1996] AC 669 took the opportunity
to suggest that English law may one day decide to adopt the RCT. Furthermore,
although the RCT was initially rejected in Australia and New Zealand, these
jurisdictions subsequently adopted forms of constructive trust which are
imposed as remedies to prevent unjust enrichment of donees (see _Pearce,
Stevens & Barr_ at pp 322 and 421 _et seq_).

46 The English reluctance to adopt RCT reasoning stems from the fear that the
RCT would result in wide-ranging general judicial discretion to declare
property rights. In _Cowcher v Cowcher_ [1972] 1 WLR 425, Bagnall J considered
that the RCT approach might create uncertainty _vis-à-vis_ proprietary
entitlements. While the professed fears of the English courts are certainly
understandable, in my view, it would not be overly extending the law or
generating uncertainty in proprietary rights to utilise the RCT analysis as
the theoretical basis for the power of revocation in a _donatio mortis causa_
situation. The conditions required for a valid _donatio mortis causa_ are
stringent, and there is no fear that adopting RCT analysis to explain part of
the doctrine would result in the widespread uncertainty feared by English
judges.

47 In summary, under the Gift Conception, pursuant to a _donatio mortis causa_
, the donee obtains full equitable (and sometimes legal) title to the subject
matter, but this gift remains defeasible until the death of the donor. The
donor is entitled to revoke the _donatio_ at any time before his death, in
which case the court imposes an RCT over the subject-matter and the donee
holds the subject-matter on trust for the donor.

Which conception best represents the effect of delivery?

48 The Trust and Gift Conceptions have their respective strengths and
weaknesses _vis-à-vis_ describing the effect of delivery in a _donatio mortis
causa_ situation. In the final analysis, I am of the view that the latter
better represents the doctrine of _donatio mortis causa_ , for two reasons.

49 First, as Professor Hughes points out, the doctrine of _donatio mortis
causa_ developed from the basis of a _gift_ , rather than a _trust_. The gift-
like nature of a _donatio_ is in line with the term “ _donatio_ ” itself.
Indeed, the leading texts on this subject categorise _donatio mortis causa_ as
an exception to the rule that equity will not assist a volunteer (_ie_ , a
recipient of a gift). The Trust Conception arguably brings the analysis of
_donatio mortis causa_ too far away from its starting point as a “gift”.

50 Second, if the Trust Conception is adopted, it would only apply to cases
where _legal_ title was transferred to the donee (since it obviously could not
apply if no legal title was so transferred). This would give rise to the
anomaly that the effect of delivery in a _donatio mortis causa_ situation
differs depending on whether or not legal title was transferred. Borkowski
considered the possibility that the _donatio mortis causa_ analysis may differ
depending on whether legal title was passed upon delivery, but cautioned that
no distinction appeared to be intended (or even considered) by the various
cases (_Borkowski_ at p 106). In my view, the Gift Conception provides for a
more coherent analysis of the _donatio mortis causa_ doctrine, at least
insofar as it is not contingent on whether delivery involved actual
transference of legal title.

51 Before concluding my analysis on the conception that best represents the
effect of delivery under _donatio mortis causa_ , I must address one final
issue that has been raised in academic circles. It has been argued that where
legal title is transferred, there is no room for _donatio mortis causa_ to
operate, and instead, an ordinary trust is created. This argument runs
directly against _Staniland v Willott_ where a legal transfer of shares was
found to amount to _donatio mortis causa_. Borkowski questions whether
_Staniland v Willott_ was really a case of _donatio_ , because the donor
parted with full legal title rather than just dominion (which is the
requirement of a valid _donatio_), noting that the decision on the facts –
that the donee held the shares on trust for the donor – could have been
reached by the application of ordinary trust principles without resorting to
the law of _donatio_ (see _Borkowski_ at p 90). I am inclined to disagree with
Borkowski. First, as the court in _Staniland v Willott_ noted, “it has never
been held that, because the act of delivery is such as would in the case of a
gift _inter vivos_ confer a complete legal title, the gift cannot be a
_donatio mortis causa_ ” (see _Staniland v Willott_ at 420). Second, the law
does not disqualify a transfer from being a gift simply because legal title
was passed. Indeed, a “gift” in its most complete sense is one where full
legal and equitable title is transferred to the donee. It would thus seem
anomalous that only an “equitable” gift may attract the doctrine of _donatio
mortis causa_ , and that the mere transmission of legal title automatically
disqualifies the application of this doctrine. Third, as Sparkes notes, while
transfers of legal title may technically be a different species from the usual
death-bed gift by mere delivery, transfers of legal title do display a close
link with the requirement of valid delivery of the subject matter (_Sparkes_
at p 50).

Whether the HDA precludes the applicability of donatio mortis causa with
regard to HDB property

52 I had to consider the effect of the HDA because, even on the Gift
conception, revocation by the plaintiff would not allow him to compel the
defendant to re-transfer her interest in the Property unless, upon such
revocation, a trust arose in his favour.

53 In _Tan Chui Lian v Neo Liew Eng_ [2007] 1 SLR(R) 265 (“ _Tan Chui Lian_
”), Menon JC (as he then was) interpreted s 51(6) of the then-HDA, which
provided:

No person shall become entitled to any such flat, house or other building
under any resulting trust or constructive trust, whensoever created.

54 Menon JC held that the then-HDA, s 51(6) did not prevent any interest in an
HDB flat from arising under a resulting or constructive trust regardless of
the circumstances. Rather, it prevented any entitlement to own an HDB flat
arising in favour of a person by virtue of the law implying a resulting or
constructive trust where that person would _otherwise have been ineligible_ to
acquire such an interest (_Tan Chui Lian_ at [10]). Having regard to the
mischief underlying that section, Menon JC held that the section was not
intended to have any application where the parties concerned were already
entitled to some interest in the property and therefore no issue could arise
as to their eligibility to such entitlement. It is important to note that
Menon JC emphasised the terminology of “ _become_ entitled” (emphasis in
original) in coming to such a conclusion (_ibid_ at [10]-[11]).

55 This section of the HDA was amended in 2010, and the effects of the
amendments have yet to be judicially determined. The 2010 provision that is
equivalent to the then-HDA, s 51(6) is the present s 51(10), which provides:

No person shall become entitled to any protected property (or any interest in
such property) under any resulting trust or constructive trust whensoever
created _or arising_.

(Emphasis added)

56 Although the amended legislation includes the words “or arising” at the end
of the relevant provision, in my opinion the addition of the words “or
arising” only clarify that a “resulting trust” or a “constructive trust” may
be more properly said to arise by operation of law, rather than by the
creation of parties. It is neither evident from Hansard, nor from the plain
reading of the provision, that Parliament was seeking to change the legal
position as it stood in _Tan Chui Lian_. Indeed, if such a change was deemed
necessary, Parliament could have said for instance, “No person shall become
entitled, _regardless of eligibility_ , …”. This Parliament did not do.
Furthermore, the words “become entitled”, which formed the basis for Menon
JC’s judgment, were left unchanged by Parliament. As Menon JC expressly noted
in his judgment, it would have been much “plainer and simpler” for Parliament
to have said that no person shall “be entitled to any interest in” an HDB flat
if Parliament were indeed minded to prohibit _all_ trusts, regardless of the
beneficiary’s eligibility (_Tan Chui Lian_ at [11]). Again, Parliament did not
make such a change. Accordingly, in my view, the law regarding creation of
trusts over HDB property remains as stated in _Tan Chui Lian_.

57 Therefore, I concluded that _donatio mortis causa_ does not offend s 51(10)
of the HDA. This is because resulting and constructive trusts are not
precluded by the HDA if the beneficiary is eligible to own an HDB flat. In a
case like the present it would be going too far to infer from the language of
s 51(10) that the plaintiff who was the sole owner of the Property before
August 2006 (and thus obviously an eligible person) was not entitled to make a
conditional gift of the Property and, subsequently, to revoke his gift and
thereby reacquire that sole interest. To come to such a conclusion would
unfairly, and unnecessarily, impinge upon the rights of HDB flat owners to
deal with their flats. It would also be inconsistent with the intention of
Parliament in enacting s 51(10) of the HDA, _viz_ to prevent ineligible
persons from obtaining any interest in an HDB flat.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 02 Mar 2011 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

