Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Chai Cher Watt (trading as Chuang Aik Engineering Works) _v_ SDL
Technologies Pte Ltd and another appeal  
[2011] SGCA 54

Case Number| :| Civil Appeals Nos 233 of 2010 and 10 of 2011  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 17 October 2011  
Tribunal/Court| :| Court of Appeal  
Coram| :|  Chao Hick Tin JA; Andrew Phang Boon Leong JA; V K Rajah JA  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Hee Theng Fong and Leong Kai Yuan (RHT Law LLP) for the
appellant; Kenny Chooi Yue Wai, David Kong Tai Wai and Kelvin Fong Kai Tong
(Yeo-Leong & Peh LLC) for the respondent.  
Parties| :|  Chai Cher Watt (trading as Chuang Aik Engineering Works) — SDL
Technologies Pte Ltd  
  
[LawNet Editorial Note: This was an appeal from the decision of the High Court
in [2010] SGHC 348.]

17 October 2011| Judgment reserved.  
---|---  
  
Andrew Phang Boon Leong JA (delivering the judgment of the court):

Introduction

1 This is an appeal against the decision of the trial judge (“the Judge”) in
_Chai Cher Watt (trading as Chuang Aik Engineering Works) v SDL Technologies
Pte Ltd_ [2010] SGHC 348 (“the Judgment”).

2 The proceedings below involved claims by Chai Cher Watt (trading as Chuang
Aik Engineering Works) (“the Appellant”) against SDL Technologies Pte Ltd
(“the Respondent”) for breaches by the latter in respect of two separate
contracts to supply the former a drilling and boring machine (“the Drilling
Machine”) and a lathe machine (“the Lathe Machine”) (hereafter referred to as
“the Drill Contract” and “the Lathe Machine Contract”, respectively).

3 We would like to note at the outset, that, after considering all the
relevant evidence, we agree with the Judge’s reasoning and decision with
regard to the Lathe Machine (see the Judgment at [20]–[21]). Indeed, counsel
for the Appellant, Mr Hee Theng Fong (“Mr Hee”), himself candidly admitted –
correctly, in our view – that the Appellant’s arguments with regard to its
claim for breaches of the Lathe Machine Contract were weak. Hence, this part
of the appeal fails. As for the Appellant’s claim for alleged breaches of the
Drill Contract, this will be dealt with subsequently in greater detail.

Facts

4 The salient facts of this appeal are as follows. In August 2007, the
Appellant approached the Respondent’s sales representative indicating his
interest in purchasing a boring and drilling machine with a boring depth of 4
metres. Parties then entered into the Drill Contract on 21 August 2007, on,
_inter alia_ , the following terms:

Payment terms: 30% Deposit upon confirmation.

50% Subsequent payment by Cheque or T/T to SDL Technologies after machine
inspection at manufacturer plant and before shipping to Singapore.

20% Balance payment upon delivery and commissioning.

The Drill Contract also provided a list of specifications of the Drilling
Machine, including the fact that it would be 11 metres in length. As required
under the Drill Contract, the Appellant then paid 30% of the purchase price as
a deposit on 22 August 2007.

5 In March 2008, the Respondent’s technical and service manager, He Jian Qin
(“Xiao He”), approached the Appellant with a drawing of the Drilling Machine
(“the First Drawing”), which showed the Appellant where to dig a cavity in the
floor for the purposes of installing an L-shaped oil tank for the Drilling
Machine, and its dimensions thereof. This First Drawing was a schematic
drawing, consisting of line markings, numbers, mandarin notations and a table
at the bottom right hand corner.

6 After comparing the First Drawing with floor plans of the factory in which
the Appellant intended to store the Drilling Machine (“the Factory”), the
Appellant came to realise that a cavity could not be dug in the proposed
location due to the presence of a beam in the ground. Hence, further
discussions with Xiao He were conducted and at the Appellant’s suggestion,
parties finally decided to (i) substitute the L-shaped oil tank with a
customised square one and (ii) move the oil tank from adjacent to the Drilling
Machine to in front of it. The square oil tank was eventually installed on or
about 14 July 2008.

7 On 19 August 2008, the Drilling Machine was delivered to the Appellant and
uncrated in the presence of the Appellant’s foreman, Chai Kok Yong, but it was
not inspected. On 20 August 2008, the Appellant acknowledged receipt of the
Drilling Machine by signing a delivery order. However, on 23 August 2008, when
the Appellant inspected the Drilling Machine, he noted that some parts of it
appeared old and of poor quality. This caused him to engage the services of
SGS Testing & Control Services Pte Ltd (“SGS”) to carry out an inspection of
the Drilling Machine for the purpose of determining if it was new.

8 According to the Appellant’s evidence, it was only after SGS’s inspection on
1 September 2008 that he discovered the Drilling Machine was 13.5 metres in
length as opposed to 11 metres as stated in the Drill Contract.[note: 1]
Pursuant to its inspection, SGS also issued a report dated 9 September 2008,
which concluded that the Drilling Machine was “in refurbished condition”.
Displeased, the Appellant made complaints to the Respondent.

9 In reply, the Respondent forwarded to the Appellant a letter dated 29 August
2008 written by the manufacturer of the Drilling Machine explaining as
follows:[note: 2]

(a) That the Drilling Machine was purchased by the Respondent from the
manufacturer on 31 August 2007; and

(b) That the length of the Drilling Machine was 13.5 metres in length and not
11 metres as the manufacturer had incorrectly informed the Respondent when the
contract between them was created.

10 On 9 October 2008, the Appellant wrote to the Respondent via their
solicitors, rejecting the Drilling Machine.

The claim

11 In his Statement of Claim (Amendment No 1), the Appellant alleged, _inter
alia_ , that it was either an express or implied term of the Drill Contract
that the Drilling Machine was to be “newly manufactured” and therefore the
Respondent was in breach for delivering a used and/or reconditioned and/or
refurbished machine. Alternatively, the Appellant claimed that the Respondent
was in breach for failing to deliver a Drilling Machine that conformed to the
specifications set out in the Drill Contract and so sought the following
reliefs:

(a) The return of deposits paid pursuant to the Drill Contract;

(b) Damages for losses suffered by reason of the Respondent’s breach of the
Drill Contract; and

(c) Interest on the aforesaid at the rate of 5.33% per annum, calculated from
the date of the writ until the date of judgment.

The Drilling Machine

12 A great number of arguments centring on both law and fact were canvassed by
parties before this court. In essence, however, the main (and closely related)
issues in this appeal can be summarised as follows:

(a) Firstly, does s 13 of the Sale of Goods Act (Cap 393, 1999 Rev Ed) (“s
13”) apply to the facts of the present appeal? If not, then what would the
applicable legal principles under the common law be?

(b) Secondly, what result ought to follow from applying the relevant legal
principles to the facts of the present appeal?

13 As is evident from the statement of these two issues, the focus of the
first is on the law, whereas the second is on the facts. Looked at in this
light, both issues comprise one larger – and holistic as well as integrated –
inquiry. It is also significant to note that the second issue is, at least in
the context of the present appeal, not an easy one and, as we shall see, in
fact poses more difficulties than the first.

Does s 13 apply?

14 The provision itself reads as follows:

**Sale by description**

**13**. —(1) Where there is a contract for the sale of goods by description,
there is an implied condition that the goods will correspond with the
description.

(2) If the sale is by sample as well as by description, it is not sufficient
that the bulk of the goods corresponds with the sample if the goods do not
also correspond with the description.

(3) A sale of goods is not prevented from being a sale by description by
reason only that, being exposed for sale or hire, they are selected by the
buyer.

(4) Paragraph 4 of the Schedule applies in relation to a contract made before
18th May 1973.

15 On this issue, it was argued by counsel for the Respondent, Mr Kenny Chooi
(“Mr Chooi”), that the Appellant had made no mention of s 13 in the course of
pleadings or in trial. Therefore, allowing the Appellant to raise this “new”
point at such a late stage would prejudice the Respondent since it had neither
led evidence on this point, nor made the relevant submissions in the
proceedings below.[note: 3]

16 We disagree with Mr Chooi’s submission. The fact that s 13 was the
operative governing provision in the proceedings below was clear from the
Judge’s decision at [7] of the Judgment, where he stated:

I first consider the issue of whether the plaintiff is entitled to reject the
Drilling Machine. _It is trite law that in order to repudiate the Drill
Contract, it would be necessary for the plaintiff to establish that the
defendant had breached a condition of the contract or breached a warranty the
consequence of which was to deprive the plaintiff of substantially the whole
benefit of the Drill Contract_. [emphasis added]

The Judge then proceeded to consider the effect of s 13(1), which imposes an
implied condition that the goods will correspond with their description in a
contract of sale by description. Finally, at [8] of the Judgment, he observed
as follows:

**_The Drill Contract and the Lathe Contract insofar as they contain
specifications are contracts of sale by description within the meaning of s 13
of the Sale of Goods Act_** : see _Chuan Hiap Seng (1979) Pte Ltd v Progress
Manufacturing Pte Ltd_ [1995] 1 SLR(R) 122. Where the contract contains a
detailed description of the goods, minor discrepancies between the delivered
goods and their description may entitle the purchaser to reject the goods:
_Arcos Ltd v E A Ronaasen & Son_ [1933] AC 470 at 479. In certain cases, in
the absence of detailed commercial description, goods having considerable
discrepancy from their described characteristics would nevertheless fall
within s 13(1): _Benjamin’s Sale of Goods_ (Sweet & Maxwell, 8th Ed, 2010) at
para 11-019. Thus, where a contract for a new Singer car was made, it was not
satisfied by the delivery of a second hand model: _Andrew Bros Ltd v Singer &
Co Ltd_ [1934] 1 KB 17. Also, a contract for a one-year-old second-hand
reaping machine which had been used to cut only 50 acres, was held not to have
been performed by a very old machine which had been mended: _Varley v Whipp_
[1900] 1 QB 513. [emphasis added in bold italics]

Indeed, a close perusal of the Record of Appeal for this particular case
demonstrates that the focus in trial centred around various specifications of
the Drilling Machine which were embodied—or, more accurately, described—in the
Drilling Contract.

17 With respect, therefore, Mr Chooi’s submission is not well founded. In our
view, it was clear that whether there had indeed been a sale by description
was a central issue below. Even assuming (taking the Respondent’s case at its
highest) that there was no literal reference to s 13 in the court below, it is
clear that the parties had proceeded on the basis that the case concerned the
sale of goods by description within the meaning of s 13. The Respondent could
not persuade us that the Appellant’s legal arguments based on s 13 before this
court had been sprung on them.

The application of s 13 to the facts

18 We now turn, therefore, to apply s 13 to the relevant facts of the present
proceedings. However, before proceeding to do so, it is apposite to state
briefly what the legal effect is if there is a breach within the meaning of s
13 in general and subsection (1) thereof in particular.

19 Under s 13(1) of the Sale of Goods Act (“the Act”), it is an “ _implied
condition_ ” that the goods will “correspond with the description”. The fact
that the wording of s 13(1) classifies every description of the contract
categorically as a _condition_ is of crucial significance. Indeed, it shows
that the Act focuses on the classification of contractual terms as conditions
or warranties (see also s 11(2) of the Act and the definition of “warranty” in
s 61(1) of the Act) instead of the nature and consequences of a breach of such
terms. This approach is in fact mirrored in the principles of the common law–
specifically, in the _condition-warranty approach_ elaborated on by this court
in _RDC Concrete v Sato Kogyo (S) Pte Ltd_ [2007] 4 SLR(R) 413 (“ _RDC
Concrete_ ”) at [97]–[98]. Put simply, under both the Act as well as at common
law, once a contractual term is classified as a “condition”, it must be
strictly complied with. A breach of it, no matter how small, and regardless of
the consequences, will entitle the innocent party to treat the contract
concerned as discharged.

20 This is an important point because, with respect, the Judge’s reference at
[7] of the Judgment (reproduced above at [16]) to a breach depriving the
innocent party of substantially the whole benefit of the contract confuses the
condition-warranty approach under common law and the Act with a rather
different test under the common law, namely, the _Hongkong Fir_ approach that
was based on the classic formulation by Diplock LJ in the oft-cited English
Court of Appeal decision of _Hongkong Fir Shipping Co Ltd v Kawasaki Kisen
Kaisha Ltd_ [1962] 2 QB 26 at [66] (For more details on this test, see _RDC
Concrete_ , especially at [99]–[100]). In our view, the _Hongkong Fir_
approach has no relevance to the present appeal. Instead, under the condition-
warranty approach embodied in s 13, any breach of any of specifications in the
Drill Contract by the Respondent would, subject to the _de minimis_ principle
(discussed below at [22]), entitle the Appellant to elect to treat the
contract as discharged, and hence succeed in this part of its appeal.

21 As a closing word on this point, we refer to the following extract from a
leading textbook on the sale of goods, _Benjamin’s Sale of Goods_ (8th Ed,
Sweet & Maxwell, 2010) at paras 11-018–11-019 that, in our view, summarises
the position on s 13:

**11-018** **Failure of goods to “correspond with description”: first type of
case**. As previously stated, goods have been held not to correspond with
their description in two types of case. The first type comprises cases where
although the goods are substantially what is required, there is some small
discrepancy from the contract particulars. Most of the decisions involve
commercial disputes relating to unascertained or future goods, and the
discrepancy may appear quite small in such cases. Thus in _Arcos Ltd v E A
Ronaasen & Son_ there was a contract for staves of half an inch thick. Only
about 15 per cent conformed with this requirement, but the rest were nearly
all less than nine-sixteenths of an inch thick. Despite a finding that the
goods were commercially within, and merchantable under, the contract
specification, and that they were reasonably fit for their purpose (which was
the making of cement barrels), the buyers were held entitled to reject, Lord
Atkin saying that “if the seller wants a margin he must, and in my experience
does, stipulate for it”. The packing of goods may also form part of their
description. Thus in _Re Moore & Co and Landauer & Co_ there was a contract
for 3,000 tins of Australian canned fruit packed in cases of 30 tins. The
seller supplied a substantial number in cases containing only 24 tins, though
the total number of tins was correct. It was held that the buyer could reject
the whole consignment. An exception is only made in cases of “microscopic
deviation”.Overseas sales where there are special stipulations as to mode and
date of shipment, _etc_. can be treated under this head also, on the grounds
that the extra requirements are part of the description. In _Reardon Smith
Line Ltd v Yngvar Hansen-Tangen_ Lord Wilberforce thought some of the older
cases “excessively technical and due for fresh examination in [the House of
Lords]”, and at best was prepared to accept them as relating to “unascertained
future goods _(e.g_. commodities) as to which each detail of the description
must be assumed to be vital”. The famous decision in _Bowes v Shand_ , that
goods can be rejected because shipment was not completed within the specified
period, has however been reaffirmed by the House of Lords in the leading case
of _Bunge Corp v Tradax Export SA_ and is still clearly valid. It is
presumably to be brought within the exception to which Lord Wilberforce
referred. It should be noted that remedies for defects in _quantity_ are more
specific and separately dealt with in s.30 of the Act. They do not normally,
therefore, involve the application of s.13 unless only damages are claimed.

**11-019** **Second type of case**. The second type comprises cases where in
the absence of detailed commercial description the goods supplied are to be
regarded as not being the goods ordered in a much more general sense. Here the
cases have stressed, and hence required, a more considerable discrepancy;
though it should be noted that their context is often that of holding an
exemption clause inapplicable where the goods supplied are of a different
kind. Thus a contract for common English sainfoin seed was not performed by
delivery of giant sainfoin; a contract for a new Singer car was not satisfied
by delivery of a second-hand model; a contract for a second-hand reaping
machine new the previous year, and only used to cut 50 acres, was not
performed by delivery of a very old one which had been mended. Consumer cases
are more likely to figure in this group than in the first. Thus it has been
held that a contract for a “Herald, convertible, white, 1961, twin carbs.” was
not performed by delivery of a vehicle consisting of parts of two cars, one
part manufactured earlier than 1961, welded together. In a New Zealand case,
it was held that a contract to sell a pure bred polled Angus bull could be
treated as discharged for breach when the bull (which had been inspected and
bought at an auction) proved to be “a bull in name only and useful as such for
no purpose, though its carcase may be of value”.

[emphasis in original]

22 It is also apposite at this juncture to refer to the _de minimis_ rule that
qualifies the strict application of s 13. The rule has been statutorily
enshrined in s 15A of the Act, which reads as follows:

**Modification of remedies for breach of condition in non-consumer cases**

**15A**. —(1) Where in the case of a contract of sale —

(a) the buyer would, apart from this subsection, have the right to reject
goods by reason of a breach on the part of the seller of a condition implied
by section 13, 14 or 15; but

(b) the breach is so slight that it would be unreasonable for the buyer to
reject them,

then, if the buyer does not deal as consumer, the breach is not to be treated
as a breach of condition but may be treated as a breach of warranty.

(2) This section applies unless a contrary intention appears in, or is to be
implied from, the contract.

(3) It is for the seller to show that a breach fell within subsection
(1)(_b_).

What this provision seeks to do is to limit the right to reject goods for
breach of condition in non-consumer cases where the breach is slight and/or
technical. As observed in _Benjamin’s Sale of Goods_ at para 12-025:

Secondly the new section only applies to breaches of the _implied_ terms as to
description, quality, fitness for purpose and conformity with sample laid down
in ss.13, 14 and 15 of the Act. It does not apply to _express_ terms, _e.g_.
as to time; and it is furthermore excluded by express or implied contrary
intention ... Where the term is not a condition or a warranty but an
intermediate or an innominate term the test for treating the contract as
discharged will remain the “nature and consequences” test, which may bar doing
so though the breach is more than “slight”. Its main application is likely to
be in connection with s.13, under which conformity with description is an
implied condition, thus triggering off s.15A, and where cases lay down a
strict duty regarding such conformity. It will at any rate initially create
uncertainties in the law, though the provision that the burden of proof is on
the seller to establish that the exception applies will help in resolving
these. [emphasis in original]

23 We now turn to each of the arguments mounted by Mr Hee in support of the
contention that the Respondent had breached a s 13 condition. Of these, only a
few were apparently persuasive, and it is to these that our attention now
turns.

Discrepancy in length of the Drilling Machine

24 It is an objective and, more importantly, undisputed fact that the Drill
Contract referred to the length of the Drilling Machine as _11_ metres,
whereas the Drilling Machine that was in fact supplied was _13.5_ metres in
length (the stipulation as to length, we might add, is, in our view, an
integral and important ingredient of the identity of the Drilling Machine
under the Drill Contract). Hence, there was _prima facie_ a breach by the
Respondent of a condition under s 13, which, as explained above, would entitle
the Appellant to succeed in the present appeal.

25 The Respondent sought, in this regard, to argue that this discrepancy in
length made no difference in so far as the operation of the Drilling Machine
was concerned and that the Appellant’s workshop could easily accommodate a
machine that was 13.5 metres in length.[note: 4] Indeed, from a technical
perspective it would appear that the Drilling Machine had to be 13.5 metres in
length in order for it to be able to carry out the Appellant’s stipulated
requirement of boring up to 4 metres in depth (see [4] above).[note: 5]
However, such an argument is, in our view, legally irrelevant in the context
of the present appeal. If the _Hongkong Fir_ approach were applicable, then
the argument might have had more traction since the Respondent could then
argue that this particular breach had not deprived the Appellant of
substantially the whole benefit of the contract it was intended the latter
should have. However, this is not the legal situation that is before this
court. The contractual term specifying the length of the Drilling Machine is,
as already noted, a _condition_ and any breach of it, regardless of the
consequences, entitles the Appellant to elect to treat the Drill Contract as
discharged (see also the position at common law pursuant to the legal
principles set out in _RDC Concrete_ at [97]).

26 It should also be noted that this was _not_ a situation where the _de
minimis_ principle operated. In particular, the difference in the length of
the Drilling Machine was some _2.5_ metres (or approximately _8.2 feet_). This
was by no means a discrepancy that was merely _de minimis_ in nature.

27 We note that the Respondent had also sought to argue that the length of 11
metres was not a “description” within the meaning of s 13 as the only
specification allegedly sought by the Appellant was that the Drilling Machine
have a boring depth of 4 metres. [note: 6] We are unable to accept this
argument as the Drill Contract itself clearly describes the Drilling Machine
as having a length of 11 metres.

28 However, the Respondent had a second string to its legal bow. Mr Chooi
argued that, in any event, the Appellant _knew_ of the discrepancy in length
and had, therefore, _waived_ its right to rely upon the breach as entitling it
to treat the Drill Contract as discharged.[note: 7] The relevant provision
here is s 11(1) of the Act which states as follows:

**11**. —(1) Where a contract of sale is subject to a condition to be
fulfilled by the seller, the buyer may _waive the condition_ , or may elect to
treat the breach of the condition as a breach of warranty and not as a ground
for treating the contract as repudiated. [emphasis added]

29 In making this submission, Mr Chooi relied heavily on [17] of the Judgment
where the Judge states as follows:

The plaintiff next averred that in the Drill Contract specification, the
Drilling Machine was described as 11m long, but the delivered Drilling Machine
was 13.5m long. Sometime in March 2008, the defendant provided the plaintiff
with a copy of the first foundation drawing for the defendant to prepare the
floor base for the Drilling Machine. This first foundation drawing revealed
that the length of the Drilling Machine was 13.5m rather than 11 metres. _From
this, the defendant discovered that they had made an error in the Drill
Contract where they had inserted a length of 11m. By way of correction, the
defendant then told the plaintiff of this error_. _The defendant’s evidence_
is _that the plaintiff then proceeded to measure the floor space of the
Factory and told the defendant that there was more than enough space to
accommodate the Drilling Machine_. _The plaintiff denied that the defendant
had pointed out this error to him based on the first foundation plan although
he admits having received it_. He also denied having measured the floor space
and telling the defendant that there was space to accommodate the 13.5m-long
Drilling Machine. **_In any event_** _, it is undisputed that the Factory
floor space can accommodate the Drill Machine of 13.5m_. _The plaintiff
proceeded to propose amendments to the foundation plans to relocate the floor
base_. He then proceeded to prepare the floor base. _Finally, upon delivery of
the Drilling Machine, he accepted the delivery and installation of the
Drilling Machine_. **_In these circumstances I find that he had by conduct
signified his knowledge of the correct length of the Drilling Machine and his
agreement to the correction_**. [emphasis added in italics and bold italics]

30 At this juncture, some preliminary observations with respect to the Judge’s
analysis ought to be made. Firstly, we note that the fact that the Factory
floor space was sufficient to accommodate the Drilling Machine is not, in and
of itself, relevant to the issue of waiver. This is because it does not impact
any of the key elements of waiver that had to be established by the
Respondent, _viz_ , knowledge by the Appellant coupled with his acceptance of
the Drilling Machine of increased length. The Judge himself appeared to
acknowledge this, as seen by his conclusion on this issue (highlighted in bold
italics in the paragraph cited above). Yet, it still appears that he relied on
the Factory floor space being large enough to accommodate the Drilling Machine
when arriving at his decision (_cf_ his use of the phrase “[i]n any event”,
above). If that were the case, then his decision on this issue of waiver
would, with respect, be undermined to a very significant extent.

31 Secondly, the mere acceptance of delivery of the Drilling Machine _per se_
could not, in our view, constitute waiver on the part of the Appellant. There
must still be knowledge by the Appellant of the breach of contract that
coincides with his acceptance of delivery. Unfortunately, how and when this
knowledge arises is not clear from the Judge’s analysis. In fact, in our view,
based on the evidence before us, it would appear that the Appellant had no
such knowledge at all, as the Drilling Machine was received by _his employee_
from the Respondent. All the Appellant did was to initial acknowledgement of
receipt. This was followed shortly thereafter by his rejection after he
discovered the breach (see [7]–[10] above).

32 Thirdly, although the Respondent emphasised in the court below that the
Appellant must have had knowledge because the former had _communicated
directly_ to the latter the discrepancy in length through its representative,
we believe that it is significant that the Judge chose to focus instead on the
Respondent’s _other_ main plank of argument, _viz_ , that the Appellant had
waived his rights to rescind the Drill Contract based on the discrepancy in
the length of the Drilling Machine, as a result of conduct which “signified
his knowledge of the correct length of the Drilling Machine and his agreement
to the correction” (see the Judgment at [17], quoted above at [29]). Also, we
note that the Judge, in his analysis, merely _describes_ both parties’
arguments and makes no clear finding of fact as to whether there was such
direct communication between parties. We would also add that the testimony
that Mr Chooi referred us to (which was also mentioned in the trial
below),[note: 8] in support of the Respondent’s argument in relation to this
point of direct communication, is, in itself, ambiguous at best.

33 At this particular juncture, it bears observing that the law on waiver is a
complex concept, not least because the term has been used by the courts in
different senses. A useful summary of the law on waiver may be found in the
following observations by Lord Goff of Chieveley in the House of Lords
decision in _The Kanchenjunga_ [1990] 1 Lloyd’s Rep 391 at 397–399:

It is a commonplace that the expression “waiver” is one which may, in law,
bear different meanings. In particular, it may refer to a forbearance from
exercising a right or to an abandonment of a right. Here we are concerned with
waiver in the sense of abandonment of a right which arises by virtue of a
party making an election …. In all cases he [the innocent party] has in the
end to make his election not as a matter of obligation, but in the sense that,
if he does not do so, the time may come when the law takes the decision out of
his hands, either by holding him to have elected not to exercise the right ...
or sometimes by holding him to have elected to exercise it. ... But of course
an election need not be made in this way. It can be communicated to the other
party by words or conduct; though, perhaps because a party who elects not to
exercise a right which has become available to him is abandoning that right,
he will only be held to have done so if he has so communicated his election to
the other party in clear and unequivocal terms ... Moreover it does not
require consideration to support it, and so it is to be distinguished from an
express or implied agreement, such as a variation of the relevant contract,
which traditionally requires consideration to render it binding in English
law… generally, ... it is a prerequisite of election that the party making the
election must be aware of the facts which have given rise to the existence of
his new right … I add in parenthesis that, for present purposes, it is not
necessary for me to consider certain cases in which it has been held that, as
a prerequisite of election, the party must be aware not only of the facts
giving rise to his rights but also of the rights themselves, because it is not
in dispute here that the owners were aware both of the relevant facts and of
their relevant rights. ... Election is to be contrasted with equitable
estoppel, a principle associated with the leading case of _Hughes v_.
_Metropolitan Railway Co_ [(1877) 2 App Cas 439] ... There is an important
similarity between the two principles, election and equitable estoppel, in
that each requires an unequivocal representation, perhaps because each may
involve a loss, permanent or temporary, of the relevant party’s rights. But
there are important differences as well. In the context of a contract, the
principle of election applies when a state of affairs comes into existence in
which one party becomes entitled to exercise a right, and has to choose
whether to exercise the right or not. His election has generally to be an
informed choice, made with knowledge of the facts giving rise to the right.
His election once made is final; it is not dependent upon reliance on it by
the other party. On the other hand, equitable estoppel requires an unequivocal
representation by one party that he will not insist upon his legal rights
against the other party, and such reliance by the representee as will render
it inequitable for the representor to go back upon his representation. No
question arises of any particular knowledge on the part of the representor,
and the estoppel may be suspensory only. Furthermore, the representation
itself is different in character in the two cases. The party making his
election is communicating his choice whether or not to exercise a right which
has become available to him. The party to an equitable estoppel is
representing that he will not in future enforce his legal rights. His
representation is therefore in the nature of a promise which, though
unsupported by consideration, can have legal consequences; hence it is
sometimes referred to as promissory estoppel.

For more details, reference in this regard may also be made to the High Court
of Australia decision of _Sargent v ASL Developments Limited_ [1974] 131 CLR
634 especially at 641–642 (which was cited by this court in _Ang Sin Hock v
Khoo Eng Lim_ [2010] 3 SLR 179 at [30]), as well as to the very helpful
article by Professor Carter (see J W Carter, “Waiver (of Contractual Rights)
Distributed” (1991) 4 JCL 59).

34 Applying the concept of waiver to the facts of the present appeal, it is
clear that the focus of the parties was on the issue of _election_ as opposed
to _estoppel_ (hence, the corresponding focus on the issue of the Appellant’s
knowledge). As to what knowledge is relevant, it would appear that the party
waiving his right should at least have knowledge of the facts giving rise to
those rights. (Note, however another view espoused in _Peyman v Lanjani_
[1985] 2 WLR 154, that there must be knowledge of the _existence_ of
contractual rights themselves, at least in so far as they are express
contractual rights, though this decision has been critiqued by The Hon Mr
Justice K R Handley, in _Estoppel by Conduct and Election_ (Thomson/Sweet &
Maxwell, 2006), especially at para 14-015). Accordingly, the burden is on the
Respondent to furnish clear and objective evidence to demonstrate that the
Appellant did, in fact, have knowledge _that the Drilling Machine was 13.5
metres instead of 11 metres_.

35 In addition to his reliance on [17] of the Judgment (see above at [29]),
the Respondent also proffered a number of specific arguments in an attempt to
establish the existence of such knowledge (some of which were, not
surprisingly, related to [17] of the Judgment). In this regard, his first
argument was that that the First Drawing which the Appellant had viewed (see
[6] above) clearly illustrated the actual length of the Drilling
Machine.[note: 9] In our view, this cannot be the case. The drawing in itself
was not at all clear (see [5] above). Indeed, the Appellant would have had to
study the drawing in some detail and analyse the various distances with
reference to a table in order to work out the actual length of the Drilling
Machine. This is a far cry from the drawing itself stating clearly what the
length of the Drilling Machine is.

36 For the Respondent’s second argument, it reiterated its position in the
court below that the Appellant had to have had the requisite knowledge since
the Respondent’s representative had communicated the discrepancy to it.[note:
10] As noted above (at [32]), we do not find this argument persuasive. More
specifically, however, there was one further (and related) argument which
needs to be considered, _viz_ , the Respondent’s claim that it had only
realised there was an error in the stipulation of the length of the Drilling
Machine in the Drill Contract when it received the First Drawing. Assuming
that this was indeed the case, and bearing in mind the fact that the
Respondent was the vendor of the Drilling Machine, we would have thought that
the Respondent should have conveyed this error to the Appellant immediately
_in writing_. An oral communication of such an important condition of the
contract, would, in these circumstances be insufficient even if, as Mr Chooi
asserted, the Respondent and the Appellant were in the practice of dealing
informally with each other. As noted above at [24], the specification as to
length of the Drilling Machine forms an important term of the Drill Contract.
Any deviation from the description thereby warrants notification in writing to
ensure that the Appellant’s attention is directed to the error.

37 In his third argument on the issue of knowledge, Mr Chooi focused on the
Judge’s observations that the Appellant had “proceeded to propose amendments
to the foundation plans to relocate the floor base” and that the Appellant had
“then proceeded to prepare the floor base” (see the Judgment at [17],
reproduced above at [29]). Such preparation included marking out on the floor
the locations of the holes that would have to be dug in order to install the
Drilling Machine. This, Mr Chooi argued, demonstrated that the Appellant was
aware that the actual length of the Drilling Machine was 13.5 metres.[note:
11] However, in our view, this argument is, with respect, neither here nor
there as the markings could have equally been made on the premise that the
Drilling Machine was 11 metres in length.

38 At this point, we pause to note that it was not clear whether the Judge, at
[17] of the Judgment, was making reference to preparation of the floor base
for the purposes of _installation of the Drilling Machine into the Factory
Floor_ , or to preparation work specifically relating to the _oil tank_ used
to run the Drilling Machine, which also involved digging a small cavity in the
floor for its installation. If, however, the Judge was referring to the latter
and not the former, we would note that it was not disputed by parties that the
Appellant had wanted to re-position the customised oil tank (which was two
metres in length) from beside the Drilling Machine to in front of it (see
above at [6]). Such a repositioning would have necessitated an increase in the
overall length of space required to accommodate all the equipment (_viz_ , the
customised oil tank and the Drilling Machine) as an integrated whole.

39 On this point, Mr Chooi sought to argue that the Appellant would have to
study the First Drawing to ensure there was sufficient space in the Factory to
accommodate the change. In so doing, he must have discovered the actual length
of the Drilling Machine.[note: 12] We find this argument to be tenuous. As
stated above at [35], the diagram was not easy to understand. We also accept
as plausible the Appellant’s counterargument to the effect that he proposed
the repositioning operating on the assumption that the machine was 11 metres
and not 13.5 metres. In a contract for the sale of goods by description, the
purchaser is entitled to rely on the specifications set out in the relevant
contract.

40 In the final analysis, having carefully considered all the relevant
evidence, it appears that, whilst the Respondent’s version of events with
regard to this particular issue is by no means untenable, the Appellant’s
(contrary) version of events is _at least equally probable_. In the
circumstances, we find that the Respondent has not been able to discharge its
burden of proof with respect to this particular aspect of its case and
therefore hold that the Appellant had _not_ waived its rights in respect of
the Respondent’s breach of the condition in the Drill Contract with regard to
the length of the Drilling Machine.

Whether or not the Drilling Machine had been refurbished

41 In light of our reasoning above, we find it unnecessary to embark on an
analysis of Mr Hee’s second argument that pertains to whether or not the
Drilling Machine was refurbished. However, we will pause to note in passing
that if this question were to be answered in the positive, then the Respondent
would be in breach of the Drill Contract for failure to deliver a new machine
which was contemplated by the parties to the sale and purchase contract given
the strict nature of a condition (here, pursuant to s 13).

Inspection by the Appellant?

42 Finally, we note, albeit only in passing, that there was at least one other
issue that could have been – but was not – raised by the Appellant. This was
the requirement that the Drilling Machine be inspected by the Appellant at the
manufacturer’s plant, which inspection never took place (see [4] above). We
would have thought that, in the nature of things, such a term would be a
_condition_ of the contract, the breach of which would have entitled the
Appellant to rescind the contract. However, as the Appellant has not pursued
this point, we say no more about it. In any event, even if the argument had
been raised successfully, it would have made no difference to the result of
the present appeal in light of our findings above.

Conclusion

43 In the circumstances, the appeal is allowed in part inasmuch as it relates
to the Respondent’s breach of the Drill Contract. The Appellant is thus
entitled to refunds of the sums paid in respect of the Drilling Machine and
damages for their losses suffered due to the breach. In this regard, the
matter is remitted to the Judge to determine the precise sums to be awarded.
However, the appeal fails in so far as the Appellant’s claim for breaches of
the Lathe Machine Contract is concerned.

44 Finally, each party is to bear its own costs both here as well as in the
court below. There will be the usual consequential orders.

* * *

[note: 1]Record of Appeal (“RA”) Vol 3 (Part 1), p 376 at para 26.

[note: 2]RA Vol 3 (Part 1), pp 411–414.

[note: 3]Respondent’s Skeletal Arguments, p 1 at para 4, pp 2–4 at para 6.

[note: 4]Respondent’s Case (“RC”), pp 163–165 at paras 493–496.

[note: 5]RC, p 165 at para 498.

[note: 6]RC, p 166 at para 500.

[note: 7]RC, pp 167–168 at paras 503–509.

[note: 8]RC, p 172 at paras 520, 522 and 524.

[note: 9]RC pp 176–178 at paras 534–542.

[note: 10]RC pp 171–176 at paras 517–533.

[note: 11]RC pp 169–171 at paras 510–516.

[note: 12]RC pp 180–185 at paras 545–555.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 17 Oct 2011 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

