Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Walton International Group (Singapore) Pte Ltd and others _v_ Yau Kwok
Seng Winston and another  
[2011] SGHC 144

Case Number| :| Suit No 333 of 2008  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 03 June 2011  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Tan Lee Meng J  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Indranee Rajah SC, Daniel Soo, Alex Toh and Angeline Tan
(Drew & Napier LLC) for the plaintiffs; Tan Chee Meng SC, Melanie Ho, Chen
Xinping, Megan Tay and Clement Tan (WongPartnership LLP) for the first
defendant; Looi Teck Kheong (Edmond Pereira & Partners) for the second
defendant.  
Parties| :|  Walton International Group (Singapore) Pte Ltd and others — Yau
Kwok Seng Winston and another  
  
3 June 2011| Judgment reserved.  
---|---  
  
Tan Lee Meng J:

Introduction

1 This case concerns a very bitter dispute between employers and two of their
former key employees, one in Singapore and the other in Malaysia. According to
the plaintiffs, this is a story of the defendants’ pride, revenge, greed and
conspiracy. The defendants readily agreed that there was a conspiracy, but to
them the conspirators were the plaintiffs themselves and some of their senior
employees who sought to use them as scapegoats for the low morale of the
plaintiffs’ staff and poor sales in Malaysia caused by mismanagement. The
dispute spawned numerous causes of action, including solicitation of staff,
unlawful interference with trade, spreading of malicious falsehoods,
defamation and breach of the duty of confidence.

2 A secret tape recording that revealed no secrets, statutory declarations
allegedly sworn before a Commissioner for Oaths who was not present,
astounding admissions by the plaintiffs’ top management and unexpected
withdrawals of very serious allegations made in affidavits peppered a long
trial that lasted more than 13 weeks. There were 55 witnesses, 16 volumes of
affidavits of evidence-in-chief (“AEICs”) and 9,772 pages of documents in the
Agreed Bundles. The evidence could not have been more contrasting. Whether a
lunch that was crucial to the plaintiffs’ case on solicitation was a jolly and
enjoyable occasion to celebrate a birthday or a secret tense gathering with
threats made to harm the attendees was the subject of intense debate. Whether
or not there was a birthday cake and a “happy birthday” song at the said lunch
was also disputed. This led one counsel to accuse the other side’s witness of
hallucinating at the lunch.

3 The 1st to 4th plaintiffs are companies within the Walton group. The 1st
plaintiff, Walton International Group (Singapore) Pte Ltd (“Walton
Singapore”), and the 2nd plaintiff, Walton International Group (M) Sdn Bhd
(“Walton Malaysia”), market Walton’s landbanking products in Singapore and
Malaysia respectively. The 3rd plaintiff, Walton International Group (USA)
Inc, markets Walton’s landbanking products in the USA. The 4th plaintiff,
Walton International Group Inc, a Canadian company (“Walton Canada”), serves
as the headquarters of the Walton group. The 5th plaintiff, Mr William Kevin
Doherty (“Mr Doherty”), is the President and Chief Executive Officer of the
Walton group.

4 The 1st defendant, Mr Winston Yau Kwok Seng (“Mr Yau”), Walton Singapore’s
former Executive Vice-President, Asia, was responsible for the operations of
the Walton group in Asia before he resigned on 17 January 2008. He was paid
around US$5 million per annum.

5 The 2nd defendant, Mr James Iseli (“Mr Iseli”), was Walton Malaysia’s Vice-
President, Sales before he left that company on 5 May 2008.

Background

6 The plaintiffs are in the business of landbanking. Their business involves
the purchase of large tracts of strategically located agricultural or
undeveloped land near or within the city limits of various North American
cities in anticipation of their future development. The plaintiffs’ clients
may purchase direct undivided interests in the land and become tenants in
common of the entire tract of land with other purchasers. They may also
purchase securities in the form of shares in companies or limited partnerships
formed to purchase and hold the land. When urban development encroaches upon
the said properties, the properties are sold, usually to a developer, and
clients who have invested in the said properties receive a return on their
investments.

7 The plaintiffs’ sales and marketing operations in Asia are carried out
principally from offices in Singapore, Malaysia and Hong Kong. Walton
Singapore was incorporated in 1998 and it was formerly the headquarters for
Asian operations. However, since 2008, each of the Walton subsidiaries in Asia
has had its own Managing Director and administrative infrastructure.

8 The plaintiffs recruit individuals with the requisite skills to build up and
retain a clientele interested in their landbanking products. Their staff are
provided with education and training with respect to the detailed
characteristics and advantages of Walton’s products as investments. The
plaintiffs’ ability to successfully market Walton’s products is thus largely
dependent on the services and loyalty of their sales staff.

9 Mr Yau, a former real estate agent, joined Walton Singapore as a junior
landbanking consultant in May 1996. He rose quickly from the ranks. By 1998,
he had become the Regional Sales Manager.

10 In 2001, Mr Yau collaborated with a real estate company, Multimatch
Properties Pte Ltd (“Multimatch”), which was helmed by his friend, Mr Dirk
Foo. Multimatch, which was paid a fee for selling Walton’s products, became
the primary source of Walton Singapore’s sales revenue. Mr Yau managed to
persuade Mr Dirk Foo to wind up Multimatch and bring his experienced sales
team, including Mr Iseli and Ms Sharon Loh Pui Pui (“Ms Loh”), to Walton
Singapore.

11 According to Mr Doherty, Mr Dirk Foo revolutionised the organisation of the
Walton Singapore’s sales department by implementing a four-tiered structure
with Division Managers at the top, followed by Group Managers, Team Managers
and Consultants. While Consultants were paid a commission on their sales, Team
Managers earned commissions on the sales of all the Consultants in their
teams. Group Managers had an overriding commission on the sales made by all
the Team Managers and Consultants in their group. Finally, Division Managers
were entitled to a commission on their own sales and an override on
commissions earned by all the members of their teams. At the material time,
Walton Singapore had 5 Division Managers, 10 Group Managers, 100 Team Managers
and between 300 to 400 Consultants.

12 In August 2002, Mr Yau was appointed a director of Walton Singapore. He was
also put in charge of Walton Hong Kong. When Walton Malaysia was incorporated
in 2002, he was appointed its director, a post he retained until 2006.

13 In 2003, Mr Yau became the Senior Vice-President of Asia-Pacific and Mr
Dirk Foo was appointed the Vice-President, Sales.

14 Apart from being the President of Operations in Walton Asia, Mr Yau was
appointed a member of Walton Canada’s executive management team. In his AEIC,
Mr Yau explained (at paras 31 – 33) his various roles:

31As the EVP of Walton Asia, my scope of duties included laying the foundation
for the Walton entities in Asia, networking and building up the Asian
clientele and introducing the concept of landbanking, which was new and
foreign to the Asian market at the material time.

32As the President of Operations in Walton Asia, I was also in charge of the
operations of the Walton companies including the management of the Managers
and sales staff in Walton Asia. However, for each of the regional offices,
they would have their own key personnel to run the respective offices as
separate entities.

33As a member of the Executive Management team of Walton Canada, I was part of
the team responsible for formulating and implementing the worldwide business
and marketing plans and strategies of the Walton Group. I am the only
representative from the Asia Pacific region on the Executive Management team.

15 According to Mr Yau, he and his right-hand man, Mr Dirk Foo, who became the
Executive Vice-President of Sales of Walton Asia in 2006, developed the
plaintiffs’ Asian network and clientele over the years. He pointed out that
from a nominal turnover in 1996, Walton Asia’s turnover reached CAD$200m in
January 2008. He added that sales in Asia accounted for more than 50% of the
worldwide sales revenue of the Walton group.

16 In 2005, a Corporate Sales Division was set up in Walton Singapore and
Walton Malaysia to cater for “corporate” sales. According to Mr Doherty, one
of the best ways to increase sales was to obtain referrals from independent
financial advisory companies (“IFAs”).[note: 1] IFAs would introduce Walton’s
products as a potential investment to their own clients and refer interested
clients to Walton Singapore or Walton Malaysia. Such corporate sales through
IFAs gave the plaintiffs’ staff access to a larger pool of investors.
Furthermore, manpower costs were reduced as much fewer staff would be required
to sell Walton’s products through IFAs.

17 The sale of Walton’s products through IFAs proved to be quite successful in
Hong Kong but the strength of Walton Hong Kong’s retail sales staff was
significantly pared down. As such, the thought of having more corporate sales
through IFAs made some retail sales staff in Singapore and Malaysia uneasy
about their future. Mr Doherty alleged that Mr Yau did not describe the
benefits of the IFA channels to the retail staff and that was why this new
channel of sales was seen as a threat to them. On the other hand, Mr Yau
pointed out that the corporate and retail sales teams were after the pie.

18 Apparently, the disquiet in the retail sales divisions in Singapore and
Malaysia about increasing the profile of corporate sales may have been partly
fuelled by the plaintiffs’ own policies. In February 2007, a new commission
structure for corporate sales favoured corporate sales to such an extent that
retail sales staff became unhappy. It did not help that at a company retreat
at Scottsdale, Arizona (the “Scottsdale retreat”) from 30 April to 4 May 2007,
a key expatriate in the Singapore office, Mr Glen Pickard (“Mr Pickard”), who
was in charge of corporate sales, stated:

We have too many agents in Singapore and Malaysia and there is a need to cut
down the numbers to increase the commitment and calibre of people.

....

Plan: Take the _Canadian model_ to Asia.

[emphasis added]

19 The Canadian model involved corporate sales and required substantially less
manpower than the retail sales model in Singapore and Malaysia. According to
Mr Yau, Walton Canada had only around 40 personnel at the material time
whereas Walton Singapore’s retail sales force had more than 400 sales staff
during the corresponding period.

20 Both Mr Yau and Mr Dirk Foo urged the plaintiffs to take steps to boost the
morale of the retail sales staff. However, in 2007, Mr Dirk Foo, who was
previously in charge of both retail and corporate sales, saw his corporate
sales portfolio taken away from him. Mr Yau was unhappy with what he perceived
to be a demotion of his right-hand man.

21 Mr Doherty, who became disenchanted with Mr Dirk Foo’s performance, told Mr
Yau in November 2007 that he would fly to Singapore to personally sack Mr Dirk
Foo if the latter did not leave. Mr Dirk Foo agreed to resign in December 2007
and Mr Doherty praised him for his contributions to the company when his
resignation was announced at “Walton Vision”, an event in Singapore on 18
January 2008.

22 Mr Yau was rather shaken by the departure of Mr Dirk Foo, whom some
regarded as the “champion” of retail sales. He claimed that the ousting of Mr
Dirk Foo reinforced his belief that Mr Doherty intended to corporatise the
Asian operations and implement the Canadian model of corporate sales. On 15
January 2008, he tendered his resignation and his employment ceased on 17
January 2008.

23 Before leaving, Mr Yau sent the following farewell e-mail to his staff to
exhort them to do their best for the company:

I am no longer with Walton starting today, the reason is I need rest time.
Working for the [past] 12 years in the Company, and to be fair to me and my
family, I need to spend some time with them ….

Look!!!! I don’t want things to stop, because of me. _I want you guys to give
the best to Walton, and nothing will stop you_.

Guys, _this is the only Company will help you to reach your Goals_. Unless you
want to be the 2nd class person in this world.

_There won’t be any changes, biz will be better if you guys stay focus_.

_Please !!! I want to see Asia hit the target every month, and be the number
ONE in Walton_.

Please take note, if you have any problem interim of Biz or personal issue,
you can call me anytime and I will be there for you.

As I said before, _I want Asia to be number One, if not I will come after you
personally_.

Do take care.

[emphasis added]

24 Mr Doherty testified that Mr Yau’s e-mail was “awesome”[note: 2] and that
the e-mail did not appear to have been drafted by someone bent on destroying
the plaintiffs.

25 Despite Mr Yau’s advice to reassure the retail sales staff, Mr Doherty
focussed his attention on corporate sales at “Walton Vision” on 18 January
2008, at which the audience was primarily retail sales staff. It was announced
that the retail and corporate departments of Walton Singapore would be merged
and that Ms Loh had been promoted to Vice-President Sales in Walton Singapore.

26 In February 2008, the retail and corporate sales departments of Walton
Malaysia were merged. Mr Iseli was promoted to Vice-President, Sales of Walton
Malaysia. According to him, after the merger, retail sales staff were told to
bring in IFAs as clients and this indicated a shift to corporate sales.

27 The plaintiffs asserted that Mr Yau, who was paid more than US$5m per
annum, regretted his decision to leave his job and that the latter planned to
return to the Walton group. Mr Doherty, who was obviously not minded to have
Mr Yau back, informed the latter on 23 January 2008 that if he returned to the
company, he would not be offered his old post or any senior executive
position. The plaintiffs were convinced that this snub caused Mr Yau to lose
face and the latter plotted to harm the plaintiffs by taking over the retail
sales staff of Walton Singapore and Walton Malaysia to show Mr Doherty that he
was indispensable. Mr Yau denied this allegation.

28 Some two weeks after his resignation, Mr Yau met Walton Singapore’s five
top Division Managers (the “Walton Singapore DMs”) at a lunch on 27 January
2008 and at a dinner on 29 January 2008. According to nearly all the attendees
at the lunch, they gathered on 27 January 2008 to celebrate Mr Yau’s birthday.
Apparently, Mr Yau paid for the lunch and there was a follow-up dinner two
days later. At these meals, Mr Yau encouraged the DMs to work hard for Walton
Singapore but the other things that were allegedly said by him at the lunch
and dinner formed the basis of the plaintiffs’ claim that he solicited the
Walton Singapore DMs to leave Walton Singapore and join him in a new business
venture. It was not disputed that none of these DMs left to work with Mr Yau.

29 In May 2008, five of Walton Singapore’s finance staff resigned for personal
reasons. None of them were employed by Mr Yau. All the same, Walton Singapore
claimed that Mr Yau had solicited them to resign. To Mr Yau, this claim was
absolutely ludicrous.

30 In the meantime, Walton Malaysia’s bosses claimed that they suspected that
Mr Iseli, who had just been promoted to the position of Vice-President Sales
in February 2008, and some of his associates were conspiring with Mr Yau to
undermine the company’s interests. On 3 April 2008, Walton Malaysia’s then
Managing Director, Mr Krishnan Murali (“Mr Murali”), e-mailed Walton Asia’s
Chief Operating Officer, Mr Kent Britton (“Mr Britton”), stating that his
staff had been solicited by Mr Iseli to leave the company. The plaintiffs
hastily assembled a high-level team (the “Interborder team”) in early April
2008 to find out what was going on in Walton Malaysia.

31 The Interborder team interviewed many of the persons named in Mr Murali’s
e-mail, including Mr Iseli, and concluded that there was nothing untoward in
Walton Malaysia. Mr Murali was demoted.

32 In early May 2008, Mr Abdul Razak Ghani (“Mr Razak”), who was Mr Iseli’s
boss, made up his mind that the latter had to go even though, by his own
admission, he had no concrete evidence that the latter had acted against the
company’s interest. Mr Iseli was offered a rather generous severance package
but with strings attached. He would be paid his full remuneration for 9 months
and half his remuneration for the following 9 months provided he agreed to
assist the plaintiffs in their suit against Mr Yau. It was made clear to Mr
Iseli that he would be sacked _and sued_ if he did not accept the package. Mr
Iseli, who believed that Mr Yau had not acted against the plaintiffs’
interests, stated that he could not testify against Mr Yau. On 5 May 2008, Mr
Iseli’s employment was terminated. According to the plaintiffs, he resigned
but Mr Iseli said that he did not do so. On the very next day, Walton Malaysia
commenced proceedings against him in Malaysia.

33 On 13 May 2008, the plaintiffs commenced the present proceedings against Mr
Yau in Singapore. On the same day, the plaintiffs applied for an interim order
(“the injunction application”) to restrain Mr Yau from, _inter alia_ ,
soliciting its employees, unlawfully interfering with their trade, disclosing
confidential information and defaming them. On 16 May 2008, Mr Yau gave an
undertaking not to solicit the plaintiffs’ staff and on 29 May 2008, Mr Iseli
gave a similar undertaking in Kuala Lumpur.

34 On 20 October 2008, the plaintiffs’ injunction application was heard by
Choo Han Teck J (“Choo J”). By then the application to restrain the
solicitation of its staff was irrelevant because the period of restraint under
Mr Yau’s contract had expired. After hearing the parties on the other aspects
of their injunction application, Choo J dismissed the plaintiffs’ application
on 3 November 2008.

35 In due course, the claims against Mr Iseli in the Malaysian courts were
incorporated into the Singapore proceedings.

36 Walton Singapore and Walton Malaysia proceeded to sack or suspend many of
their staff. According to the plaintiffs, the staff had been sacked because
they were disloyal or had performed poorly. However, Mr Yau and Mr Iseli
asserted that they had been sacked for refusing to lie that they had been
solicited to leave the plaintiffs. What is clear is that many staff who had
refused to file affidavits on behalf of the plaintiffs or who had filed
affidavits in favour of the defendants were sacked. On the other hand, many
staff who had initially said that there had been nothing untoward in their
interaction with Mr Yau and Mr Iseli but had subsequently changed their minds
and claimed that they had been solicited to leave the plaintiffs retained
their jobs or had their suspension from work removed. Furthermore, _all_ the
Walton Singapore DMs who contradicted or retracted much of what they had
stated in their AEICs in support of the plaintiffs’ case during the trial have
since left the company for reasons which were not disclosed to the court.

Summary of the Plaintiffs’ Claims against the Defendants

37 The plaintiffs’ case is that Mr Yau resigned when Mr Doherty laid the blame
on him for causing the Walton group to lose money and that he regretted his
decision shortly thereafter. It was alleged that Mr Yau wanted to set up a
competing business and pull retail sales staff away from Walton Singapore and
Walton Malaysia in order to cripple these companies so that he could negotiate
with Mr Doherty from a position of strength. The plaintiffs asserted that Mr
Yau spread false malicious rumours to scare their retail sales staff into
joining him and that he enlisted the help of Mr Iseli and Ms Loh for this
purpose. According to the plaintiffs, Mr Yau and Mr Iseli were cunning and
clever and their solicitation was indirect in the form of suggestions,
inferences and implications. It was averred that while they failed in
Singapore, they succeeded in Malaysia, if only because Walton Malaysia’s
profits dipped massively in 2008 while Walton Singapore’s profits soared in
that year.

38 In their opening statement, the plaintiffs summarised their claims against
Mr Yau as follows:

(a)breach of the non-solicitation clause in clause 1(b) of his employment
agreement, read together with the Walton Employee Handbook;

(b)breach of confidence and misuse of confidential information;

(c)procuring Mr Iseli’s breach of Walton Malaysia’s employment contract with
Mr Iseli;

(d)malicious falsehood;

(e)defamation of the 1st to 4th Plaintiffs;

(f)defamation of Mr Doherty; and

(g)unlawful interference with the Walton group’s trade or business.

39 As for the claims against Mr Iseli, these were summarised in the
plaintiffs’ opening statement as follows:

(a)breach of his employment contract with Walton Malaysia, specifically Clause
5 and his duty of fidelity;

(b)breach of his fiduciary duty to Walton Malaysia;

(c)breach of his duty of confidence in tort and/or under his employment
contract;

(d)defamation of Walton Malaysia by publishing statements that Walton Malaysia
was embarking on a corporate sales strategy and would cease retail sales in
Asia;

(e)unlawful interference with Walton Malaysia’s trade or business; and

(f)defamation of Mr Doherty.

40 As for the plaintiffs’ claim against Mr Yau and Mr Iseli jointly, this
relates to a conspiracy to injure by using unlawful means or lawful means with
a predominant intention to injure them.

The Key Witnesses

41 Among the plaintiffs’ key witnesses were the following:

(i)

Mr Doherty, the President and Chief Executive Officer of the Walton group.

(ii)

Mr Dave Baukol (“Mr Baukol”), the Executive Vice-President, Operations of
Interborder Holdings Ltd (“Interborder”), the parent holding company of the
3rd and 4th plaintiffs in this action and the President of Walton Asia since 1
January 2010.

(iii)

Mr Britton, the Chief Operating Officer of Walton Asia.

(iv)

Mr Terry Knight (“Mr Knight”), the General Counsel for Asia at the material
time.

(v)

Mr Gerald Thomas Foo Tiang Boo (“Mr Foo”), the Managing Director of Walton
Singapore at the material time and the Chairman of Walton Asia since 1 January
2010.

(vi)

Four of the five Walton Singapore DMs at the lunch and dinner, namely Mr Ann
Hock Kee (“DM Ann”), Mr Yao Shih Lien (“DM Yao”), Ms Jovi Ong (“DM Ong”) and
Ms Lusi Lim (“Ms Lusi”). Ms Lusi has since been promoted and is now the Chief
Operating Officer of Walton Singapore.

(vii)

Mr Razak, the Managing Director of Walton Malaysia at the material time and
its Chief Operating Officer since 1 January 2010.

(viii)

Mr Murali, the former Managing Director of Walton Malaysia.

(ix)

Ms Linnet Tan Su Lyn (“Ms Linnet Tan”), a Division Manager of Walton Malaysia.

(x)

Mr Liew Jer Wei (“Mr Liew”), a Division Manager of Walton Malaysia; and

(xi)

Mr Alfredo Hernandez (“Mr Hernandez”), a Team Manager of Walton Malaysia and
the plaintiffs’ key witness in the defamation claim against the defendants.

42 Among the witnesses who testified for Mr Yau and Mr Iseli were the
following:

(i)

Ms Loh, Walton Singapore’s former Vice-President, Sales. Although Walton
alleged that she conspired with Mr Yau and Mr Iseli, she was not a defendant
in the present action. She was summarily dismissed on 29 May 2008.

(ii)

Ms Helen Chong Kwai Leng (“ex-DM Chong”), a former Division Manager of Walton
Singapore.

(iii)

Mr Jeff Medina (“Mr Medina”), a former Group Manager of Walton Malaysia, who
was sacked on 20 June 2008.

(iv)

Mr Khoo Boo Yeang (“Mr Khoo”), who was formerly with Walton Malaysia;

(v)

Mr Hans Solibun (“Mr Solibun”), a former Group Manager of Walton Malaysia, who
was sacked on 20 June 2008.

(vi)

Mr Steve Huggins (“Mr Huggins”), the President of Trillion Steel Inc (“TSI”),
a rival landbanking company.

43 Three expert witnesses testified on the damage allegedly suffered by the
plaintiffs. Mr Tam Chee Chong (“Mr Tam”), the Executive Director of Deloitte &
Touche Financial Advisory Services Pte Ltd (“Deloitte”), was the plaintiffs’
expert witness while the defendants’ expert witnesses were Mr Roger Tay Puay
Cheng (“Mr Tay”), the Executive Director of KPMG Advisory Services Pte Ltd,
and Dr Chan Siew Pang (“Dr Chan”), a senior lecturer at La Trobe University in
Australia.

The Alleged Solicitation in Singapore

44 The plaintiffs claimed that almost immediately after his resignation, Mr
Yau, with the assistance of Mr Iseli, met staff of Walton Singapore and Walton
Malaysia, either individually or in groups, to solicit them to join a rival
business which he had intended to set up. They pointed out that this was in
breach of the defendants’ employment contracts, which contained a non-
solicitation clause. In Mr Yau’s case, the non-solicitation period was 9
months after leaving the company. In Mr Iseli’s contract, the non-solicitation
period was one year.

45 In _Hellmann Insurance Brokers v Peterson_ [2003] NSWSC 242, Campbell J
considered the meaning of “solicitation” in the context of a clause
prohibiting the solicitation of clients in the following helpful terms (at
[11] – [12]):

11 The meaning of 'solicitation' is elucidated by a decision of Wood CJ at CL
in _R v Laws_ [2000] NSWSC 880 (2000) 50 NSWLR 96, at 98. His Honour, at [8]
recorded the remarks of Spigelman CJ and Hidden J in _R v Azzopardi_ , 1
October 1998, unreported, which in turn approved remarks of Stout CJ in
_Sweeney v Astle_ [1923] NZLR 1198 at 1202 which I quote:

The word 'solicit' is a common English word and it means in a simplified form,
'to ask'. In various English dictionaries this simple meaning is given, but
other simple words are also used to explain other meanings it possesses, such
as 'to call for', 'to make a request', 'to petition', 'to entreat', 'to
persuade', 'to prefer a request'.

12 Whether an employee is soliciting a former client is not something which
depends upon whether it is the employee who telephones or arranges to meet the
former client, or the other way around. Rather, whether solicitation occurs
depends upon the substance of what passes between them once they are in
contact with each other. There is solicitation of a client by a former
employee if the former employee in substance conveys the message that the
former employee is willing to deal with the client and, by whatever means,
encourages the client to do so.

46 Campbell J’s view, which is relevant to the issue of non-solicitation of
staff, was endorsed by Belinda Ang J in _Tan Wee Fong and others v Denieru
Tatsu F & B Holdings (S) Pte Ltd_ [2010] 2 SLR 298.

47 The plaintiffs’ case against the defendants on solicitation in Singapore
relates to:

(i)

a lunch at Lei Garden Restaurant on 27 January 2008;

(ii)

a dinner at Tung Lok Seafood Restaurant on 29 January 2008; and

(iii)

the resignation of five finance staff in early May 2008.

48 The plaintiffs’ counsel, Ms Indranee Rajah SC (“Ms Rajah”), tried her best
to build up a case on solicitation against the defendants. However, her
determined effort was completely undermined by many of the plaintiffs’
witnesses, including those who occupied top management positions, who eroded
the foundation of their case on solicitation in Singapore.

Resignation of the five finance staff

49 The plaintiffs’ allegation that Mr Yau solicited five of Walton Singapore’s
finance staff to resign in May 2008 (“the resignations”) will be considered
first, if only to show how the plaintiffs’ own witnesses undermined Ms Rajah’s
efforts and demolished their case without any assistance from the defendants.
This allegation was pleaded in the Statement of Claim (at para 51):

In early May 2008, five members of [Walton Singapore’s] finance department
resigned on the same day. _This cannot be coincidence_.

[emphasis added]

The five staff who resigned were Ms Grace Lim, Ms Liu Zhirui, Ms Tan Li Ching,
Ms Loh Yee Koon and Ms Gian Swee Ying.

50 Mr Foo, Walton Singapore’s Managing Director at the material time,
demolished his company’s case on the solicitation of the five staff by
testifying that the resignations had nothing to do with solicitation by Mr
Yau. The relevant part of his damning evidence was testified as follows:[note:
3]

QThese five girls [who] worked under your finance manager, _report to you, Mr
Foo?_

AYes.

Q _Is it your case that these five were solicited by Mr Yau?_

A _No, I do not know that they were solicited_.

….

Q[W]ould you agree with me that their decision to leave Walton Singapore _was
unconnected with any solicitation by Mr Yau?_

A _Yes_.

[emphasis added]

51 The five staff testified that they resigned for personal reasons. Ms Grace
Lim said that she was unhappy that her department had not been as well treated
as other departments. Ms Liu Zhirui stated that she resigned to pursue a full-
time accounting degree. Ms Tan Li Ching testified that she resigned because
she had not been promoted. Ms Loh Yee Koon revealed that she resigned in order
to babysit her nephews. Finally, Ms Gian Swee Ying made it clear that she left
Walton Singapore because of stress.

52 The evidence of the five staff was not challenged during cross-examination.
In fact, three of them were cross-examined for only two minutes while cross-
examination of the remaining two staff took not more than 12 minutes each.
None of them was asked whether their resignations had anything to do with Mr
Yau’s alleged solicitation.

53 Why Walton Singapore instructed its solicitors that the resignations
evidenced Mr Yau’s solicitation of its staff when its then Managing Director
knew all along that this was untrue cannot be fathomed and this reflected very
badly on the plaintiffs. I thus dismiss the plaintiffs’ allegation that Mr Yau
had solicited the five finance staff to leave the company.

The lunch and dinner

54 The plaintiffs alleged that at a lunch at Lei Garden Restaurant on 27
January 2008 (“the lunch”) and at a dinner at Tung Lok Seafood Restaurant on
29 January 2008 (“the dinner”), Mr Yau, with the assistance of Mr Iseli and Ms
Loh, attempted to solicit Walton Singapore’s five DMs to join a new marketing
company that he intended to set up.

55 The five DMs who were present at the lunch and dinner were ex-DM Chong, DM
Yao, DM Ann, DM Ong and Ms Lusi. Ex-DM Chong was sacked on 23 December 2008
for filing an AEIC in support of Mr Yau. As for the other four DMs, Ms Lusi
climbed the corporate ladder rather quickly after the lunch and dinner and is
now Walton Singapore’s Chief Operating Officer. She was thus the boss of DM
Yao, DM Ann and DM Ong when they testified at the trial. However, to their
credit, DM Yao, DM Ann and DM Ong did not allow this fact to affect their
testimony and they boldly contradicted Ms Lusi on numerous occasions on quite
a number of important issues.

56 Although the plaintiffs portrayed the lunch as having been organised by Ms
Loh to enable Mr Yau to solicit the DMs, it appeared that the lunch, which was
intended to celebrate Mr Yau’s birthday, had been a rather jolly affair. DM
Ong described the lunch as a “ha ha hee hee” event[note: 4] and DM Yao agreed
that it was a “happy” occasion.[note: 5] There was ample evidence that there
was a birthday cake and a “happy birthday” song for Mr Yau.

57 During the lunch, Mr Yau, who was asked about his reasons for resigning,
stated his reasons and encouraged the DMs to work hard for Walton Singapore.
Ms Loh testified[note: 6] as follows:

_[Mr Yau] wasn’t trying to solicit, he wasn’t trying to market landbanking,
whatever…_.

[It]s a farewell, it’s a birthday lunch, ... and everybody [was] just asking,
“Eh, why are you leaving?”

He said, “Oh yeah, this is my reason…. I have resigned and let’s move on ….”
_And he even [told] to us to work hard [for] Walton and everything .... That’s
the reason why that all the other regions … the sales just drop, but it’s only
Singapore that has maintained_.

[emphasis added]

58 Ex-DM Chong also referred to Mr Yau’s encouragement. She stated in her AEIC
(at para 15):

[Mr Yau] was truly concerned about us and I remember him telling us words to
the effect, “just continue to do what you are doing, don’t be affected by my
departure. Don’t worry, _you are all doing well, just continue and meet your
sales targets. Take good care of your team and make sure they get their sales
… income. Don’t embarrass me.” Such words of encouragement were typical from
[Mr Yau], who was always spurring us … to do well for the Walton Group_.

[emphasis added]

59 Two of the plaintiffs’ witnesses also testified that Mr Yau encouraged them
to work hard for Walton Singapore. DM Yao said that Mr Yau’s message to them
was “[w]hatever happened, ... we should always not jeopardise the sales in
Walton”.[note: 7] In his AEIC, he stated (at para 77):

At both the lunch meeting at Lei Garden and during [the] dinner at Tung Lok
Seafood, _[Mr Yau] had emphasized that we should continue to drive our sales
activities. We should not jeopardize the business of the Walton Group_. There
were 2 reasons for this:

a.First, he was concerned about our and our sales staff’s income; and

b.Second, he did not want to see Walton, which he had painstakingly built up
and was dear to him, deteriorate after his departure.

[emphasis added]

60 DM Ong testified that Mr Yau told them that “Walton was really his baby,
and he wanted to see its success continue after his departure”.[note: 8]

61 The plaintiffs’ CEO, Mr Doherty, agreed that a person would not have
encouraged Walton Singapore’s DMs to work hard if he had intended to solicit
them.[note: 9] The following answer[note: 10] that he gave during cross-
examination was rather telling:

Q[If] you had been told that [Mr Yau] was encouraging them to work hard for
the company before [Walton sued [Mr Yau] on the 6th of May 2008] you might
have taken a different view as to whether there were in fact acts of
solicitation [at the lunch and dinner meetings] by … [Mr Yau], agree? ….

AEr, I – I --- well, I ---I --- to that question, I’ll answer yes.

62 In the face of the emphatic denial by Ms Loh and ex-DM Chong that Mr Yau
had solicited the DMs at the lunch and dinner, the plaintiffs might initially
have been pleased that four of the DMs at the lunch, namely DM Ann, DM Yao, DM
Ong and Ms Lusi had suggested a contrary position in their AEICs. However,
when cross-examined, DM Ann, DM Yao and DM Ong did not support the company’s
case on solicitation and they contradicted much of what Ms Lusi’s evidence on
solicitation at the lunch and dinner.

63 For a start, although DM Ann had stated in his AEIC (at para 57) that Mr
Yau “invited us to be part of this new business”, he testified that the latter
had merely made vague and casual remarks about the future and had nothing
specific to offer them. [note: 11]

64 DM Ong, who had suggested in her AEIC (at paras 51- 52) that Mr Yau had
wanted to know if the DMs were going to join him, clarified during cross-
examination that the latter had _not_ asked her to leave Walton Singapore to
join him.[note: 12] As for her statement in her AEIC that she had sent Mr Yau
a text message that she was not thinking of leaving Walton Singapore, she
agreed that this was not her response to the latter’s invitation to join his
new business. She testified[note: 13] as follows:

Q[I]’m told that the SMS was really a “Thank you … Mr Yau for buying us the
lunch. We wish you all the best, but I am happy at Walton”.

AYes.

Q _It wasn’t as if [Mr Yau] was asking you to join, and that you had to reply
to him to say “No, I don’t want to join you”_?

A _Yes_.

[emphasis added]

65 When re-examined, DM Ong said that she had told Mr Yau that she was happy
“regardless of the invitation” but when asked to elaborate, she made the
following vague statement:

Regardless of the offer to, you know, _possibly_ join the new marketing
company. _And even at that point in time, there was nothing concrete at all,
right_.

[emphasis added]

66 In my view, the above statement by DM Ong during re-examination did not
undermine her clear evidence during cross-examination that she had not been
solicited by Mr Yau to leave Walton Singapore.

67 As for DM Yao, he had claimed in his AEIC (at para 75):

After dinner, I called Yau on the telephone and told him that there were not
enough details for me to make a decision. I said that I was unable to commit
to join him in his new venture until I had more information to make a proper
decision.

However, when cross-examined, DM Yao agreed that Mr Yau did not ask anyone to
leave Walton Singapore during the lunch.[note: 14] Furthermore, when he was
referred to DM Ann’s testimony, DM Yao reiterated that Mr Yau did not solicit
at the lunch[note: 15] and testified as follows:

QReading Ann Hock Kee’s account of what happened at the lunch at Lei Garden,
he did not say anything about [Mr Yau] trying to solicit or invite Walton or
any of you to join him; do you agree?

AAgree.

QThen I went on to ask you, after I read to you this paragraph; _would you
agree that during the lunch [Mr Yau] did not attempt to solicit? Your answer
was “Yes”. Is that correct?_

A _That’s correct_.

[emphasis added]

68 DM Yao also clarified[note: 16] the position regarding his phone call to Mr
Yau after the dinner as follows:

Q[M]y instructions are that you did call [Mr Yau] after dinner to thank him
for the dinner which he paid for.

AYes.

….

QCertainly, you had no intention at that point in time to join [Mr Yau]
_because there were no plans which he presented to you that were worth
joining_?

AYes.

[emphasis added]

69 In their closing submissions, the plaintiffs contended that their witnesses
had testified that they had not been solicited because they understood
“solicitation” in the context of an express offer. I believe that if their DMs
had thought that they had been impliedly solicited, they would have said so.
After all, the cross-examination of their DMs was not limited to express
offers and they were asked about “attempts to solicit”[note: 17] as well.

Ms Lusi’s evidence

70 As the plaintiffs’ case on solicitation at the lunch and dinner was not
supported by four of the five DMs who were present at these functions, their
case hinged primarily on the evidence of Ms Lusi, who was quite determined to
paint a sinister picture of the lunch. Unlike the others who attended the
lunch, she said that she could not remember that there had been a birthday
cake and a “happy birthday” song for Mr Yau, whose counsel, Mr Tan Chee Meng
SC (“Mr Tan”), suggested that she must have been hallucinating at the lunch, a
remark she understandably resented.

71 Unlike other DMs, who thought that the lunch was a rather jolly occasion,
Ms Lusi said that it was a “tense” and “secret” lunch. Her evidence was
contradicted by her subordinates. DM Ong testified that no one told her to
keep the lunch a secret[note: 18] and that it was a “very light-hearted”
event, at which they even took photographs.[note: 19] She added that there was
nothing “sinister” about the dinner.[note: 20] DM Yao also testified that
there was nothing secretive about the occasion,[note: 21] and added that the
lunch agenda was “totally honourable”.[note: 22] He also testified that there
was “no special agenda” for the dinner.[note: 23]

72 Ms Lusi made numerous allegations with respect to what transpired at the
lunch and dinner. The first[note: 24] was that Mr Yau had asked the DMs “who’s
in, who’s out” as he wanted to know who was going to leave Walton Singapore to
join his new company. Mr Yau did ask “who’s in, who’s out” but, apparently,
this was in the context of a joke. Ex-DM Chong explained in her AEIC (at para
24):

I knew [Mr Yau] always had an interest in the entertainment industry and that
he knew the people at Fly Entertainment. I _jokingly asked_ if I could invest
in this new business idea of his so that I can _go into early retirement_. He
said “of course” in jest to humour me. The banter continued and I remember
teasing him that if my “investment” pulled through, he as my former boss,
would then have to “work for me”…. He said “Can, no problem, _so who’s in
who’s out”. It was an ongoing joke between us …. I remember everyone having a
good laugh over this_.

[emphasis added]

73 Ms Loh corroborated ex-DM Chong’s explanation of the context in which the
remark “who’s in, who’s out” was made by Mr Yau. The plaintiffs’ witness, DM
Yao, also corroborated ex-DM Chong’s version of events as he testified[note:
25] as follows:

Q…. I just want to know the context in which this “Who’s in, who’s out” was
made. _It was more of a challenge, a joke amongst all of you, and after that
all of you started laughing over what Helen Chong said_. She wanted to be [Mr
Yau’s] boss?

A _Yes, fair_.

[emphasis added]

74 It is pertinent to note that DM Yao described Mr Yau’s “who’s in, who’s
out” remark as a joke on a number of other occasions during cross-
examination.[note: 26]

75 Although DM Ong could not remember much about the incident, she recalled
the joke that ex-DM Chong had made about investing in Mr Yau’s company. [note:
27]

76 I find that Mr Yau’s “who’s in, who’s out” remark was made in the context
of a joke and that this remark did not advance the plaintiffs’ case on
solicitation in any way.

77 Ms Lusi’s next allegation was that Mr Yau had said that he wanted the
Walton Singapore’s retail sales staff to join him so that Mr Doherty will be
forced to ask him for help and negotiate an agreement with him. She stated in
her AEIC (at para 90):

[DM] Jovi Ong, asked [Mr Yau] why he was so confident that Bill would be
willing to negotiate with him. [Mr Yau’s] reply was that the sales staff were
the instant sales makers. Without the sales staff, Walton Singapore would have
problems with cash flow within 2 to 3 months. [Mr Doherty] would have to agree
with [Mr Yau’s] demands to sell Walton Products through him.

78 In her AEIC (at paras 55-57), DM Ong appeared to have corroborated Ms
Lusi’s allegation that Mr Yau stated that he wanted to recruit Walton
Singapore’s sales staff to force Mr Doherty to ask for his help. However, she
quickly withdrew these paragraphs from her AEIC when she was cross-
examined[note: 28] and testified that she could not remember whether she or
anyone else had asked Mr Yau about Mr Doherty’s willingness to negotiate with
Mr Yau.[note: 29] More astonishingly, she added that it was quite possible
that no one had asked Mr Yau this question and that this matter could have
been the subject of a private discussion between the Walton DMs
themselves.[note: 30] How then did such a serious allegation against Mr Yau
creep into DM Ong’s AEIC? DM Ong said that she had been told that Ms Lusi
remembered the events narrated in her (DM Ong’s) AEIC. It was rather
disturbing that her AEIC had been tailored to fit Ms Lusi’s accusation against
Mr Yau. Although DM Ong had not been forced to sign her AEIC, she testified
that she had “of course” been “a little concerned” that if she refused to file
an affidavit for the plaintiffs, her employment contract might be
terminated.[note: 31] I find that the allegation that Mr Yau had said that he
wanted all the Walton Singapore sales staff to join him so that he could
negotiate with Mr Doherty was not proven.

79 Ms Lusi next alleged that Mr Yau threatened the DMs that he would harm
their families if they revealed his plans. However, Ms Loh said that this
allegation was nonsensical because given the close professional and social
relationship that Mr Yau had with them, he would not have threatened them or
made any such offensive remark.[note: 32]

80 The plaintiffs’ own witnesses contradicted Ms Lusi’s allegation that Mr Yau
had threatened them. DM Yao testified that Mr Yau did not make such a
threat[note: 33] while DM Ong testified that she could not recall an incident
like this.[note: 34] When re-examined, DM Yao explained[note: 35] what Mr Yau
had meant by keeping things “confidential” in a manner which was totally
inconsistent with Ms Lusi’s evidence:

And to keep … what was said during the meeting confidential, in a way it’s
also … to say, “ _Well, I haven’t had anything that is so solid and all that,
so let’s not start going out there and announce to the world what I have been
doing, or what I intend to do_ ”.

[emphasis added]

81 I thus dismiss the allegation that Mr Yau had threatened to harm the
families of the DMs at the lunch or dinner.

Mr Britton’s evidence on Ms Lusi’s allegations

82 Mr Britton’s evidence on Ms Lusi’s allegations (the “allegations”) against
Mr Yau also undermined the plaintiffs’ case on solicitation. When cross-
examined, Mr Britton claimed that Ms Lusi had told him in April 2008 that at a
secret lunch meeting, Mr Yau had said that:

(i)he wanted the sales staff at Walton Singapore to join him and that if all
the sales staff did so, Mr Doherty would be forced to ask him for help;

(ii)the administrative staff at Walton Singapore would soon leave;

(iii)he would soon be setting up a company to deal with landbanking; and

(iv)if any of the DMs revealed his plans or the details of that meeting, he
would “come after [them] and [their] families”.

83 Remarkably, none of these very serious allegations by Ms Lusi were
mentioned in Mr Britton’s AEIC. Apart from this, there were far too many other
flaws in Mr Britton’s evidence. To begin with, he claimed that he must have
informed the plaintiffs’ solicitors about the allegations as early as April
2008. If this is true, it is inexplicable that the allegations, which featured
so prominently in the plaintiffs’ case on solicitation, were not pleaded when
legal proceedings were commenced against Mr Yau in the following month in May
2008. In fact, the allegations did not surface until the Statement of Claim
was amended more than 6 months later! Mr Yau’s counsel, Mr Tan, submitted that
the allegations appeared in the pleadings so late in the day because the
plaintiffs needed time to fabricate their evidence.

84 When questioned about the delayed appearance of the allegations in the
plaintiffs’ pleadings, Mr Britton replied most unconvincingly as
follows:[note: 36]

Q[I]f Lusi had told you all that information, why is all this not pleaded?

A _I’m not sure why they’re not pleaded…_.

QIf such information was indeed in your possession, we would have expected
them to have been pleaded as acts of solicitation … in your statement of claim
against [Mr Yau], because that was filed on 13 May; do you agree?

What is so difficult about my question that you have to think so long?

A _I would expect it to have been pleaded_.

[emphasis added]

Mr Britton finally admitted[note: 37] that he might not have informed his
solicitors about the allegations in April 2008. This raises another question
as to why he did not do so as these allegations were crucial to the
plaintiffs’ case on solicitation in Singapore.

85 Mr Britton’s credibility was further dented by his claim in his AEIC and
during cross-examination[note: 38] that he had informed Mr Doherty, Mr Knight,
Mr Baukol and Mr Foo about the allegations. Mr Doherty testified[note: 39]
that he could not recall whether he had been told about Mr Yau’s solicitation
at the said lunch and dinner while Mr Baukol testified that he did not know
about Ms Lusi’s conversation with Mr Britton about the allegations.[note: 40]
As for Mr Knight, Mr Britton subsequently conceded that he might not have
informed the former about the allegations. Finally, Mr Foo testified that Mr
Britton did not tell him about the allegations and added that none of his DMs
had brought up the matter of solicitation with him in a way “where they could
adduce evidence” of this.

86 It is also noteworthy that the allegations were not mentioned in the
plaintiffs’ pleadings in the Malaysian proceedings and in Mr Britton’s AEIC
filed for those proceedings on 28 May 2008. When asked why he did not inform
the Malaysian court about the allegations, Mr Britton was at a total loss and
said that he could not give an explanation.[note: 41]

87 Yet another inconsistency about the allegations is that Mr Knight stated in
his AEIC (at para 14) that Ms Lusi’s allegations in April 2008 were “general”
in nature. However, when cross-examined, he agreed that if Ms Lusi had indeed
spoken to Mr Britton in April 2008, she had outlined very clear instances of
solicitation.[note: 42] Furthermore, Mr Knight claimed that when the action
was commenced, Ms Lusi told Mr Britton that she was not comfortable about
filing an AEIC in support of the plaintiffs’ case. However, she testified that
she had been prepared to file an affidavit all along but no one had asked her
to do so until much later. Mr Tan suggested that Ms Lusi’s version is closer
to the truth as the plaintiffs’ former solicitors, Baker & McKenzie (“B & M”),
had issued a bill for time spent on preparing an affidavit by one “Luci” in
May 2008, long before she filed her AEIC for the present proceedings. He
suggested that Ms Lusi’s original AEIC was not filed as it was not “meaty”
enough to nail Mr Yau. Ms Lusi, who pointed out that she is not “Luci”,
conceded that there was no one called “Luci” in Walton Singapore.[note: 43]
Obviously, B & M must have mis-spelt her name in its bill but Ms Lusi denied
having met any lawyer from that law firm at the material time.

88 Finally, if Ms Lusi had really told Mr Britton about a forthcoming walkout
by administrative staff, this did not materialise. The company tried to blame
Mr Yau for the resignations of five of their finance staff but as has been
mentioned, their boss, Mr Foo, conceded that Mr Yau had nothing to do with
their resignations. Besides, this was hardly the walk-out Mr Britton had in
mind. Only Ms Lusi continued to doggedly insist without any basis whatsoever
that Mr Yau had a hand in the said resignations despite having been told of Mr
Foo’s evidence, a stand which eroded her credibility.

89 After considering all the circumstances, I do not believe that Ms Lusi had
spoken to Mr Britton in April 2008 about the allegations against Mr Yau
regarding the alleged solicitation of Walton Singapore’s DMs at the lunch and
dinner. The non-existent conversation undermined the plaintiffs’ case on
solicitation in Singapore.

Mr Yau had no concrete plans in January 2008

90 When considering whether or not Mr Yau had solicited Walton Singapore’s DMs
at the lunch and dinner, it cannot be overlooked that he had just left the
company and had no concrete plans to offer the Walton DMs. Mr Baukol
testified[note: 44] that he was informed by DM Ong, DM Yao and DM Ang about Mr
Yau’s lack of concrete plans during investigations in June 2008 and that at
the lunch and dinner, Mr Yau had merely mentioned his interest in acquiring
Fly Entertainment, a comparatively small local artiste management company that
represented Asian actors and actresses in the local and regional entertainment
scene. This is a business far removed from landbanking. If Mr Yau had wanted
to recruit staff for Fly Entertainment, he would not be looking at the
plaintiffs’ employees, who had no expertise in artiste management.

91 In their closing submissions, the plaintiffs claimed that Mr Yau intended
to involve their DMs not in Fly Entertainment but in other aspects of his
plans. They asserted that his plan was to use a company, Capital Alliance
(Group) (“CAG”), which was owned by his friend, Mr Richard Lim Cheong Boon
(“Mr Lim”), to market the landbanking products of the plaintiffs’ rival, TSI.
They added that Mr Yau had intended to use CAG as his own business vehicle
after his short restraint period expired. Whatever may have been Mr Yau’s
subsequent plans, we are here concerned with whether or not he had solicited
the DMs in January 2008 at the lunch and dinner. There was no evidence that Mr
Yau had any plans regarding landbanking in January 2008. Even Ms Lusi agreed
in her AEIC (at para 42) that Mr Yau “did not reveal much information about
his new marketing company” and that he had been “quite vague” about his plans.
When cross-examined, DM Ann stated[note: 45]:

[A]ll I recall was that [Mr Yau] mentioned about going to other businesses
like marketing opportunities and then he kind of _casually_ said that if
people are looking for opportunities _in the future_ , _can always look for
him_. So that was what I recall.

…. Nothing specific was mentioned. To me, the whole mention was _very vague_.
_No specifics as in exactly what it is going into, things like that_. Yeah.

[emphasis added]

92 It is also worth noting that Walton Singapore’s then Managing Director, Mr
Foo, testified that he had not heard that Mr Yau was entering the landbanking
business at the material time.[note: 46] When cross-examined about Mr Yau’s
proposed business venture, he stated[note: 47] as follows:

QDo you know what kind of business [Mr Yau] was setting up?

AI had _heard something about the coal mining business_ , mainly that. The
coal mining.

Q _That’s all?_

A _Yes_.

[emphasis added]

93 Despite testifying that he had only heard that Mr Yau was in the coal
mining business, Mr Foo claimed in his AEIC filed on 23 July 2008 that Mr Yau
had announced at the dinner that he (Mr Yau) would be “starting a company
essentially selling similar to those offered by the Walton group”. When cross-
examined on why he could make such an assertion when he claimed to have heard
nothing about Mr Yau being in the landbanking business, Mr Foo replied
unconvincingly as follows[note: 48]:

QCan you please tell us why you filed an affidavit to say that [Mr Yau] had
informed the division managers at the dinner about setting up a business
selling landbanking products?

AThat is what I heard.

QBut _you just agreed with me that if you had [heard that Mr Yau was in the
landbanking business], you would have remembered… 10 minutes ago I asked you
what kind of business_ [Mr Yau] _was setting up. You could only give me coal
and Hawaii properties_.

A _I am telling the truth_.

[emphasis added]

94 When questioned further, Mr Foo’s replies made it obvious that he had no
basis for saying that Mr Yau was starting a landbanking business. His
replies[note: 49] were as follows:

Q[H]ow did ... landbanking product come in ... your September injunction
affidavit?

AOkay. It was never meant for [Mr Yau] to say “I have a landbanking product,
you guys help me to market it”…. Probably… to say “doing Fly Entertainment,
I’m also doing other things…. _I can also have opportunities to market
landbanking products, some other companies” in that context…_.

Q[B]ecause some _others spoke about landbanking_ and then _you concluded it
may well be possible_ when he spoke about marketing, _he could be talking
about landbanking_?

A _That --- that’s a possibility, too_.

[emphasis added]

95 The plaintiffs’ case on Mr Yau’s alleged solicitation of their staff is
also incredible because Mr Britton testified that Ms Lusi told him that Mr Yau
“was concerned for everybody and as a result of that he wanted to create an
opportunity to save everybody”.[note: 50] One Ms Norzita binti Alpi, a Senior
Team Manager of Walton Malaysia, also made a similar allegation about Mr Yau’s
desire to save all of Walton Malaysia’s retail sales staff but she abandoned
this allegation during cross-examination and admitted that she had fabricated
this evidence to advance the plaintiffs’ case.

96 Mr Baukol conceded that it would be very “challenging” for Mr Yau to be
able to guarantee the DMs their existing remuneration at Walton
Singapore.[note: 51] There was no evidence that Mr Yau had jobs to offer to
the hundreds of retail sales staff in Walton Singapore and Walton Malaysia. Mr
Baukol clutched at straws by suggesting that people could join Mr Yau out of
loyalty. Mr Yau’s counsel, Mr Tan, submitted that it was preposterous to think
that his client could solicit the highly paid DMs with nothing more than
friendship. As Ms Loh aptly put it, only Walton Singapore could pay her more
than a million dollars every year and there was no reason for her to bite the
hand that fed her.

97 As Mr Yau lacked concrete plans in January 2008 and did not say that he was
going into the landbanking business at the lunch and dinner, the plaintiffs
ought to have realised that their case on solicitation at the lunch and
dinner, whether express or implied, did not rest on solid ground.

Conclusion on solicitation in Singapore

98 The plaintiffs’ case on solicitation in Singapore rested on the alleged
walkout by the five finance staff in May 2008 and on what had been allegedly
said by Mr Yau at the lunch and dinner in January 2008. Bearing in mind that
the period of non-solicitation of staff and non-competition was rather short,
I had no doubt that Mr Yau might have had some long-term plans that were at a
rudimentary stage. However, it was quite clear to me that he had nothing to do
with the resignation of the five finance staff and that he did not solicit the
DMs at the lunch and dinner in January 2008 because he then had no concrete
business plans to offer them.

99 If Mr Yau had intended to solicit the DMs at the lunch or dinner, it was
strange that the plaintiffs furnished no evidence of any follow-up action by
him to ensure the success of his solicitation. The plaintiffs conveniently
asserted that Mr Yau’s efforts at soliciting the Singapore staff failed
because of their remedial action but the lack of proof of any follow-up action
by Mr Yau after January 2008 other than the ridiculously absurd claim that he
orchestrated the resignation of the five finance staff undermined their case.

100 Ultimately, the plaintiffs’ case on solicitation in Singapore could not
succeed when four out of five of their top Singapore DMs saw a birthday cake
for Mr Yau at the lunch when their main witness, Ms Lusi, did not, heard
things said at the lunch and dinner that Ms Lusi did not, and did not hear
much of what Ms Lusi alone claimed to have heard at the lunch and dinner.
Interestingly, DM Ong and DM Yao testified that they were concerned that if
they did not support the company’s case against Mr Yau, their future in Walton
Singapore might be affected. For unexplained reasons, the three Walton DMs who
had contradicted the extravagant claims of their boss, Ms Lusi, left Walton
Singapore before the trial was completed. When cross-examined, Mr Foo claimed
that he did not know why DM Yao, DM Ong and DM Ann had left the company even
though he must have been concerned that three of his top DMs were leaving the
company and would have looked into the matter. The court was thus left in the
dark as to why Walton Singapore’s top DMs had to resign before the completion
of the trial.

101 I dismiss the plaintiffs’ claim that Mr Yau solicited the DMs to leave
Walton Singapore at the lunch and dinner or that he had a hand in the
resignations of the five finance staff. It follows that the allegation that Mr
Iseli was involved in the solicitation of Walton Singapore’s DMs must also be
dismissed.

Alleged Solicitation in Malaysia

102 The plaintiffs’ complaints about solicitation by the defendants in
Malaysia centred around events that occurred _before_ Mr Iseli was sacked on 5
May 2008. Their case was severely undermined when Walton Malaysia’s Chief
Operating Officer and former Managing Director, Mr Razak, who was in the thick
of investigations into Mr Iseli’s conduct, shockingly conceded during cross-
examination that he had no “concrete” evidence of any wrongdoing by Mr Iseli
or Mr Yau when Mr Iseli was sacked on 5 May 2008.[note: 52] The relevant part
of the proceedings[note: 53] is as follows:

QMr Razak, you agreed with me … that as of 2 May [2008] you did not have any
concrete evidence against [Mr Iseli].

ACorrect….

Q[Mr Iseli] was terminated on 5 May. Between 2 and 5 May, would I be correct
to say that you did not collate any further evidence against [Mr Iseli] during
this period? ….

ANo, there wasn’t any.

Q _The position of no concrete evidence against_ [Mr Iseli] _remains until 5
May_.

A _Remain, correct_.

[emphasis added]

103 When re-examined, Mr Razak explained what he meant by “concrete evidence”
[note: 54] as follows:

[N]o concrete evidence because there’s no written letter of offer by him to
anyone to say we can use to show that he’s soliciting business or to hire
people or to go to the other side. It was all verbal, _it was implied, so
there’s no concrete, in that sense_.

[emphasis added]

104 As the court is only concerned with the civil standard of proof, notions
of “concreteness” of evidence may be misleading. However, when cross-examined,
Mr Razak also did not deny that he had “ _no_ evidence” at all against Mr
Iseli on 5 May 2008.[note: 55] Furthermore, he testified that when he decided
to sack Iseli on 2 May 2008, the _only “clear” offer_ of solicitation was an
_implied_ offer made by the defendants to Ms Linnet Tan.[note: 56] The
relevant part of the proceedings is as follows:

QThe question I put to you is: _before 2 May_ , certainly there was _no
evidence_ that there was solicitation or offers made by [Mr Iseli] or [Mr
Yau], to your knowledge?

AThe only one that was _clear offer_ was to [Ms Linnet Tan], but that was
_done privately, not in the TSI presentation_.

[emphasis added]

105 As Mr Razak testified that there were no express offers and the _only_
clear implied offer by the defendants to his staff was that made to Ms Linnet
Tan, it follows that all other alleged instances of solicitation were _not_
“clear” instances of implied offers. In view of this, why the plaintiffs
summoned so many of their Malaysian staff to testify on these unclear
instances of implied solicitation cannot be readily understood. Regretfully,
many of them undermined the work of the plaintiffs’ counsel, Ms Rajah, because
their story-lines wilted during cross-examination.

106 The plaintiffs’ most senior legal staff in Singapore, Mr Knight, was
absolutely flabbergasted by Mr Razak’s evidence. When cross-examined on Mr
Razak’s testimony on the evidence against Mr Yau and Mr Iseli that the
plaintiffs had in their hands on 5 May 2008, his candid reply was “Boy, I wish
I didn’t know Razak if I have to answer that. I don’t know.”[note: 57]

107 In regard to solicitation in Malaysia before Mr Iseli was sacked, the
plaintiffs focussed on the following three events:

(i)

A presentation on 28 April 2008 by TSI, a rival landbanking company set up by
a former Walton employee, Mr Huggins (“the TSI presentation”);

(ii)

A meeting at a Coffee Bean café on 17 April 2008 between Ms Linnet Tan and Mr
Iseli, at which Mr Yau was not present; and

(iii) A lunch that Ms Linnet Tan had with Mr Yau at the Concorde Hotel on 20
April 2008, after which there was a viewing of office premises.

The TSI presentation

108 According to the defendants, the idea of a presentation by TSI was mooted
at a lunch on 28 March 2008 when Mr Yau, who was having a lunch in Kuala
Lumpur with Mr Huggins, invited Mr Iseli to join them. Mr Iseli explained that
he had already arranged a lunch with a number of Walton Malaysia’s staff and
they all conveniently joined Mr Yau for a free meal. The Walton Malaysia
retail sales staff were interested in TSI’s products and asked a number of
questions. Mr Huggins, who was then on vacation with his wife and daughter,
offered to do a presentation on his company for them in the following month.
Understandably, the plaintiffs’ counsel, Ms Rajah, submitted that there was
more than meets the eye but the fact remains that there was no reference to
this lunch in the pleadings. This was not surprising as the plaintiffs’
witnesses did not assert that there was any solicitation at the lunch with Mr
Huggins. Indeed, Walton Malaysia’s witness, Ms Shirley Wong, testified that
nothing happened during the lunch that was worth remembering and that was why
she did not mention the lunch with Mr Huggins in her AEIC.[note: 58]

109 Walton Malaysia’s employees often attended product presentations by rival
companies to acquaint themselves with the competition. Why then was there so
much fuss over the TSI presentation? Mr Razak admitted that at the material
time, he was concerned that so many of his staff attended the presentation
because his job would be on the line if many of them decided to leave Walton
Malaysia. He testified[note: 59] as follows:

Q _Therefore, you have to take whatever steps possible to stamp any exodus or
movement out, of managers_ , you had to do that also _in the light of the
unhappiness then existing_ which you already knew; agree?

A _Yeah_.

[emphasis added]

110 It was rather telling that Mr Razak revealed that none of his staff had
mentioned in their initial statements to the company that they had been
solicited at the TSI presentation to leave Walton Malaysia.[note: 60] It was
Walton Malaysia’s top brass who had suggested to them that they should state
in their _subsequent_ statements to the company that they had an “impression”
that they had been solicited at the said presentation.[note: 61] Mr Razak
unabashedly accepted that it was possible that the inclusion of a paragraph
about the impression of solicitation at the TSI presentation in the subsequent
statements of his staff was intended to “create a motive for [Mr Yau]”.[note:
62]

111 What was disturbing was that after many of Walton Malaysia’s employees had
been persuaded to say in their subsequent statements that they had an
“impression” that they had been impliedly solicited at the TSI presentation,
Mr Razak took these unsworn statements to a Commissioner for Oaths who was not
present when these statements were signed but was nonetheless prepared to say
that he (the Commissioner) witnessed the signing of the statements.[note: 63]
Mr Razak conceded that the surreptitious conversion of the employees’
subsequent statements to statutory declarations had serious implications for
the staff when he testified[note: 64] as follows:

QOnce they signed their statement, Mr Razak, _they couldn’t take a different
position because you have then a [statutory declaration] with their name on
it, agree?_

AI suppose.

[emphasis added]

112 None of the plaintiffs’ witnesses could satisfactorily explain why they
had an “impression” that they had been _impliedly_ solicited at the TSI
presentation. In fact, many of them stated that both Mr Yau and Mr Iseli had
told them at the said presentation that it was not a recruitment exercise. Mr
Iseli explained that as there were so many Walton Malaysia retail sales staff
at the presentation, it was best to make it clear that recruitment of staff
for TSI was not on the agenda. It is important to note that nothing was stated
at the presentation about what TSI paid its staff, career prospects in TSI or
when TSI intended to enter the Malaysian market. Most importantly, there was
no evidence whatsoever of any follow-up action by TSI to find out whether
anyone from Walton Malaysia was interested in joining that company.

113 Most of the plaintiffs’ witnesses who testified on the TSI presentation
were unconvincing witnesses who gave me the distinct impression that they
merely wanted to toe their company’s line and leave the witness box as soon as
possible. For instance, Ms Norzita, who admitted that she had been concerned
that anyone perceived as not cooperating with Walton Malaysia could be
sacked,[note: 65] agreed that the TSI presentation was not different from
other product presentations that she had previously attended. She admitted
that she had attended the TSI presentation because she wanted to learn more
about TSI’s landbanking products and added that she had the _same_ “feeling”
of being solicited when she attended previous product presentations by the
plaintiffs’ competitors. Surely, such evidence could not advance the
plaintiffs’ case. More injurious to her credibility was her damning admission
that she had fabricated evidence that Mr Yau had told her that he had wanted
to set up a company to take them all in just in case they were thrown out by
Walton Malaysia.[note: 66] I do not believe that she had been impliedly
solicited.

114 Ms Geethadevi Shanmugam (“Ms Geethadevi”), Walton Malaysia’s Group
Manager, who also claimed to have been “impliedly” solicited, testified that
her fear of Walton Malaysia’s corporatisation could have induced her to leave
Walton. However, she readily admitted that going to a new company, such as
TSI, of which she knew nothing about, was even more terrifying than Walton’s
alleged corporatisation. She was not a credible witness and I do not believe
that she had been impliedly solicited.

115 Walton Malaysia’s Group Manager, Mr Nicholas Ong (“Mr Ong”), who claimed
that he had been impliedly solicited on two occasions, was another unreliable
witness. The first occasion concerned a meeting at the Crowne Plaza Hotel in
February 2008 and the second occasion was at the TSI presentation. Mr Ong
admitted that he might have tailored his evidence by claiming that he had the
impression that he was being solicited at an earlier meeting at the Crowne
Plaza Hotel in February 2008\. He testified[note: 67] as follows:

Q[W]hat you tried to do in your affidavit is to _move the impression of
solicitation from 28 April forward to February 2008, the Crowne Plaza event_.

A _Maybe, yes_.

[emphasis added]

116 As for the TSI presentation, Mr Ong finally admitted that he could not
have had the impression that he was being recruited at the TSI presentation
and that his earlier evidence that the said presentation was a recruitment
exercise was false.[note: 68] When re-examined by Ms Rajah as to why he had
admitted to making a false statement on solicitation, Mr Ong’s answer, which
is as follows, could not but damage his credibility[note: 69]:

Put it this way, I never expected so much questioning coming into this court,
so under that kind of duress and pressure, I’d just like to get it over and
done with as soon as possible.

One might well ask whether Mr Ong had also agreed to say whatever his bosses
at Walton wanted to hear when he was questioned so as to “get it over and done
with as soon as possible”.

117 Mr Yau’s counsel, Mr Tan, rightly pointed out that if his client had
intended to solicit Walton Malaysia’s retail sales staff to join TSI, he would
also have arranged a TSI presentation in Singapore, where his client had much
more influence as he was based in Singapore. It was not disputed that there
was no TSI presentation in Singapore.

118 After taking all the circumstances into account, I find that the
plaintiffs’ allegation that their Malaysian staff had been impliedly solicited
at the TSI product presentation was not proven.

Implied solicitation of Ms Linnet Tan

119 The alleged solicitation of Ms Linnet Tan was one of the main planks of
the plaintiffs’ case on solicitation in Malaysia. Surprisingly, this was also
an implied solicitation and all that Ms Linnet Tan could say was that she “
_felt_ ” that the defendants were soliciting her to move with her retail sales
team to their new business venture.

120 Ms Linnet Tan was one of the staff interviewed by the Interborder
investigation team in early April 2008. She gave no indication then that there
was anything untoward at Walton Malaysia. However, Mr Foo, who was a member of
the Interborder team, claimed that Ms Linnet Tan had told him that Mr Iseli
had approached various sales staff and conducted “meetings, here, there and
everywhere”.[note: 70] However, he could not tell the court anything about
what he had heard from Ms Linnet Tan. As such, his evidence on solicitation in
Malaysia cannot be taken seriously.

121 Much emphasis was placed by the plaintiffs on an e-mail that Ms Linnet Tan
sent to Mr Razak on 29 April 2008. It was as follows:

An event has occurred which I’d like you to be informed about. On the 20th of
April I attended a lunch at Concorde Hotel with [Mr Iseli] and [Mr Yau], on
[Mr Iseli’s] invitation the week before [Mr Iseli] voiced that there’s some
urgent and important info that I should be aware of as a DM in Walton and that
[Mr Yau] has asked to speak to me personally, I was also informed that he has
already met 9 other DMs and GMs recently.

After the exchange of pleasantries, [Mr Yau] proceeded to inform me of the
reasons he and [Dirk Foo] left Walton, mainly that this company will be a
full-fledged marketing setup, carrying multiple products, and the landbanking
component has already signed with TSI in Toronto.

Just for the LB component, [Mr Yau] drew up a commission structure of:

DM 13%

GM 11.5%

TM 10%

Cons 7%

But as an existing DM, should I move my division over _(this is implicit)_ , I
will have an added benefit of annual profit sharing of another 1%. Plus a
voice at management levels to influence the direction, training, strategy, and
events for the entire company, with the future of partnership and
shareholding.

After lunch, they invited me to view one of their potential office spaces
which I discovered (with acute irritation) that my own GM [Mr Solibun] has
been actively sourcing for them. This was in the MNI building next to
Concorde. From recent snippets of info _I now believe_ that their plan is to
go with renting a functional business centre to hasten the process to start in
mid-May, with the official office a later consideration.

I spoke to [Mr Iseli] after that meeting, stating with crystal clarity that
what he does with his life and his people is his own business. But under no
circumstances is he to approach ANYONE with my division …

I have now acknowledged that it’s not a situation that will get itself solved
quietly by natural selection …..

I leave it in your capable hands.

[emphasis added]

122 Mr Yau contradicted Ms Linnet Tan’s version of events. He explained that
she had been asking Mr Iseli about the reasons for his resignation and as he
was going to be in Kuala Lumpur on 20 April 2008, Mr Iseli suggested that she
should have lunch with him to discuss the reasons for his resignation. In his
AEIC, Mr Yau explained that when Ms Linnet Tan asked him whether he was going
into landbanking, he said that he had rejected offers of a job with two
Canadian landbanking companies but she continued to ask about the commission
structure of these other companies. He added (at para 158):

I thought that she was interested in joining these companies as she wanted so
many details about them. She specifically asked whether their commission
package at the Division Manager level was higher than that offered by the
Walton Group. I thought Linnet Tan was merely interested in gauging the market
rates for salaries offered by other competitor firms. I did not see anything
wrong with that. She then continued to ask about the package offered to me and
the remuneration offers made by these companies should I choose to join them.
As such, I jokingly said that if these other companies really wanted me to
join them, then they must give me a higher figure. At that time, I had no
information on this as my intention was not to pursue the landbanking
business. I plucked a random figure of 1% out of the air during my
conversation with Linnet Tan. This conversation must be seen in the context of
a casual lunch. There were no figure given, no portfolio or products on
landbanking discussed for Linnet Tan to misconstrue the conversation as a
solicitation attempt.

123 Ms Linnet Tan’s version of the discussions at the lunch on 20 April 2008
had far too many flaws. Mr Yau’s counsel, Mr Tan, rightly pointed out that if
his client had planned to solicit staff from Singapore and Malaysia by
offering them an improved commission structure, it was strange that Ms Linnet
Tan was the only one who had been informed about the commission structure.
Although Mr Yau was much closer to Walton Singapore’s retail sales staff, none
of plaintiffs’ Singapore witnesses had mentioned a commission structure of the
type allegedly revealed to Ms Linnet Tan. Mr Tan added that Mr Yau would not
have singled her out as the only one to talk to about TSI’s commission
structure as he would not have known whether she was on his side, and
especially so since she claimed that she had made her pro-Walton stand quite
evident to others from the very start. Furthermore, if Mr Yau had furnished
her with details of TSI’s commission structure, she would not have had to try
so hard in her subsequent e-mails to him after the lunch on 20 April 2008,
which will be discussed below, to get more details on the very topics that had
allegedly already been discussed in great detail at the said lunch. Mr Iseli,
who was present at the lunch, stated in his AEIC (at para 131) that the
conversation at the lunch was clearly about Mr Yau’s own employment
opportunities and that he could not recall an offer having been made by Mr Yau
to Ms Linnet Tan.

124 Another point worth noting was that Mr Baukol claimed that when he had
dinner with Ms Linnet Tan on 22 May 2008, the latter told him about the
contents of her e-mail to Mr Razak. If Mr Baukol knew then that Mr Yau was
setting up a rival landbanking company, a question arises as to why the
plaintiffs did not rush to the courts to enforce the non-competition clause in
his employment contract. After all, the plaintiffs moved swiftly to obtain an
injunction against Mr Yau with respect to solicitation of its staff and Mr
Baukol agreed that setting up a landbanking company was, from the plaintiffs’
point of view, a more serious matter than general solicitation of its
staff.[note: 71] The fact that no steps were taken to obtain an injunction
against the setting up of Mr Yau’s alleged competing business could only mean
that even the plaintiffs themselves did not take Ms Linnet Tan’s allegation
that Mr Yau was setting up a rival landbanking business very seriously.

125 The plaintiffs also claimed that Ms Linnet Tan was impliedly solicited
during an exchange of e-mails with Mr Yau. On 22 April 2008, she e-mailed Mr
Yau as follows:

It was really great to see you again after all this time. You mentioned you
had some further info on your new company and products, would love to have it.

126 On the same day, Mr Yau replied to her as follows:

I can’t give you anything at this moment in Black and White, which I like to
keep PNC. I can show it to you, my next visit in KL, and you are welcome to
join the rest of the guys for my next meeting, if you want to.

The reason for me not to give it out to anyone hard copy or through email in
detail information, is because I want to safeguard the future for the people
who are willing to join the company.

I hope you understand my situation at now, is not about myself. It’s all about
people.

Can I have your cell phone number? So that we can keep in touch.

127 When cross-examined, Walton Malaysia’s Mr Razak admitted[note: 72] that no
express offer had been made to Ms Linnet Tan in the said emails. What was
quite troubling was that she did not disclose to the court another e-mail that
she had sent to Mr Yau on 23 April 2008 until after she had given her
testimony and returned to Kuala Lumpur. In this important e-mail to Mr Yau,
she stated as follows:

I was hoping for more info on the landbanks region and projects only, _to
study the investment. You know how I like to pick apart the details of
everything_.

[emphasis added]

128 The undisclosed e-mail throws a different light on the exchange of e-mails
between Ms Linnet Tan and Mr Yau. She had given the court the impression that
it was Mr Yau who wanted to give her details of his new company. However, the
truth is that she had pestered Mr Yau for more information about landbanking
in order “to study the investment” and to “pick apart the details of
everything”. By not disclosing her e-mail of 23 April 2008, Ms Linnet Tan
avoided being cross-examined on it when she was in the witness box.
Admittedly, the plaintiffs’ counsel, Ms Rajah, offered to recall Ms Linnet Tan
as a witness but Mr Tan declined the invitation and preferred to submit on her
failure to disclose the relevant e-mail. Admittedly, Mr Yau did say in one of
his e-mails to Ms Linnet Tan that he could not give her too many details as he
had to protect the interest of those who were joining him and his answers to
Ms Rajah’s rather probing questions on this statement were not altogether
satisfactory. However, the fact remains that there was insufficient proof that
Mr Yau had impliedly solicited Ms Linnet Tan to join his new business.

129 As for Ms Linnet Tan’s claim that she was disappointed that Mr Solibun, a
Group Manager within her sales team, had been solicited to leave Walton
Malaysia, this must also have been an _implied_ solicitation. Mr Solibun
stated in his AEIC (at para 28) as follows:

I do not understand how Linnet Tan can claim that it was clear that I had
decided to join [Mr Yau’s] new company. _There was no new company for me to
join_. [Mr Yau] had also never asked us to join any new company. In fact, as
far as I was aware, [Mr Yau] had not even decided whether he was going to set
up a new business, and what this business was to be used for, except that it
may be a marketing company.

[emphasis added]

130 I find Mr Solibun a more credible witness than Ms Linnet Tan and accept
his evidence.

131 In her eagerness to tarnish Mr Yau, Ms Linnet Tan also alleged that she
had been invited to see the office that was intended to house the rival
company that Mr Yau had intended to set up. However, her recollection of
events was so faulty that she even got the building that they went to view
wrong. Mr Yau explained that the property viewed on that day was not intended
for a landbanking company but for another business that he was minded to be
involved in. I find that in the light of Ms Linnet Tan’s other unreliable
evidence, I cannot, on the basis of her uncorroborated evidence, hold that Mr
Yau had intended to find an office for a landbanking business.

132 Ms Linnet Tan’s former boss, Mr Murali, claimed that it was possible that
she had e-mailed Mr Razak on 29 April 2008 and spoken ill of Mr Iseli because
she “could see a clear way to getting promoted or taking control of the sales
force”[note: 73] if Mr Iseli and senior members of his team were removed from
the company. He added derisively that she was “the sort of person who would do
this”.[note: 74] I agree with Ms Rajah that Ms Linnet Tan’s evidence should be
evaluated without considering the allegations of bribery or financial gain.
Even so, while the evidence of Mr Yau had flaws which were pointed out quite
effectively by Ms Rajah, I nonetheless prefer his overall evidence and that of
Mr Iseli over the tesitmony of Ms Linnet Tan and Mr Razak. As such, I find
that the plaintiffs did not prove that Ms Linnet Tan had been impliedly
solicited to leave Walton Malaysia by the defendants.

Whether Mr Hernandez was solicited

133 The plaintiffs’ assertion that Walton Malaysia’s Team Manager, Mr
Hernandez, was solicited by Mr Iseli to leave Walton Malaysia at a meeting in
the latter’s house in Kota Kinabalu on 26 April 2008 was contradicted by Mr
Hernandez’s e-mail to Mr Razak on 28 April 2008. In the said e-mail, Mr
Hernandez categorically stated that no offers had been made to him at the said
meeting to join the new venture although “the options were open”.

134 When cross-examined Mr Hernandez conceded[note: 75] that the allegation
that he had been solicited was inconsistent with his e-mail to Mr Razak. He
testified as follows:

Q[F]irst, you are saying no offers were made by [Mr Iseli] and his group;
agree? ….

AYes.

Q…. Mr Hernandez, how does [the allegation that you were solicited] gel with
your [statement in your e-mail to Razak] that “no offers were made to us”?

AI cannot deny from the way I’ve written here.

Q _[C]annot deny because they are completely opposite, agree?_

A _Yes_.

[emphasis added]

135 Mr Hernandez’s e-mail of 28 April 2008 to Mr Razak must be viewed in the
context of his state of mind at the material time. He testified[note: 76] as
follows:

QYou were afraid that if the company saw you as being close to [Mr Iseli], you
may end up being sacked or suspended? ….

AI will say yes.

QTherefore, you had to ensure that whatever you write does not implicate you
but would _help the company in its case against [Mr Iseli] and/or [Mr Yau]?_

A _Yes_.

[emphasis added]

136 After the meeting on 26 April 2008 at Mr Iseli’s house, Mr Hernandez
attempted to obtain evidence of the former’s solicitation by secretly taping a
subsequent conversation with Mr Iseli. However, the transcript of the taped
conversation revealed that Mr Iseli had stated as follows:

What I am doing, _I am not here to recruit you_. No way I am not going to do
that. _I don’t recruit_.

[emphasis added]

137 I thus find that the plaintiffs had not proven that Mr Hernandez had been
solicited to leave Walton Malaysia at Mr Iseli’s house on 26 April 2008.

Whether Mr Liew Jer Wei was solicited

138 Walton Malaysia’s witness, Mr Liew, claimed to have been “directly”
solicited when he had coffee with Mr Iseli at the Lodge Restaurant in Kuala
Lumpur on 17 April 2008 (the “Lodge meeting”). However, when cross-examined,
he testified[note: 77] that Mr Iseli had told him at the Lodge meeting that
“there’s nothing on the table, yet”. [note: 78] This led to the following
exchange[note: 79] between Mr Yau’s counsel, Mr Tan, and Mr Liew before the
latter finally conceded that Mr Iseli had not made him an offer of employment:

QMr Liew, if there was nothing on the table, how could they solicit you?

A _That’s how I feel…_.

QYou can’t reject an offer that’s non-existent. There’s nothing on the table.
He can’t offer you anything because there was nothing on the table.

AFair enough.

Q _[T]here was no offer to reject in the first place; do you agree?_

A _Yes_.

[emphasis added]

139 When referring to the Lodge meeting in his AEIC, Mr Liew omitted important
information that would have cast a different light on the meeting. First, he
did not refer to an e-mail that he had sent to Mr Razak shortly after the
Lodge meeting, in which he stated that Mr Iseli had told him that he was not
being poached or asked to “go over”. When asked why he did not reveal this in
his AEIC, Mr Liew said that he had forgotten to do so.[note: 80]

140 Secondly, Mr Liew did not mention that a sales representative from YTL
Tours had interrupted the meeting to discuss a proposed incentive trip to
Hanoi that was being planned by Mr Iseli. When cross-examined, he admitted
that in April 2008, as well during as the previous months, Mr Iseli had tried
to raise the morale of Walton Malaysia’s retail sales staff and had continued
to encourage the company’s Team Managers to improve their performance.[note:
81]

141 Thirdly, Mr Liew did not disclose that during the Lodge meeting, Mr Iseli
had also been checking on the commission structure of rival companies and had
talked to Mr Razak on the phone about this matter. Mr Yau’s counsel, Mr Tan,
rightly pointed out that if Mr Iseli had really wanted to solicit Walton
Malaysia’s retail sales staff to leave the company, he would not have fought
so hard to increase their commission as this would have made it harder for him
to persuade them to leave the company.

142 I find that Mr Liew’s evidence that he had been solicited by Mr Iseli to
leave Walton Malaysia most unreliable. As such, he failed to advance Walton
Malaysia’s case on solicitation.

Whether Ms Shanta Krishnan was solicited

143 Ms Shanta Krishnan (“Ms Shanta”), the sister of the then Managing
Director, Mr Murali, also claimed to have been solicited by one Mr Robin on Mr
Iseli’s behalf to leave Walton Malaysia. Like other witnesses from Walton
Malaysia, she said that that it was only her own “impression” that she was
being solicited because nothing had been openly said about joining Mr Iseli.

144 Ms Shanta’s allegation that she had been impliedly solicited to leave
Walton Malaysia cannot be believed. She readily agreed that it was “logical”
that if Mr Iseli had wanted to plot against the company, she would have been
the last person to be approached as everything disclosed to her would get back
to her brother, Mr Murali.[note: 82] Hence, Mr Yau’s counsel, Mr Tan,
submitted that Ms Shanta’s impression of being solicited by Mr Iseli through
Mr Robin was “totally skewed”.

145 Ms Shanta’s evidence was unpersuasive. She was so keen to advance the
company’s case that a sub-section in her AEIC had a heading “Robin’s role in
Iseli’s and Yau’s plans”. When cross-examined on why she had such a misleading
heading when nothing in that sub-section had anything to do with Mr Yau, she
said that it was a mistake and that at no point in time did she and Robin talk
about Mr Yau.[note: 83] I find that Ms Shanta’s claim that she had been
solicited to leave Walton Malaysia was not proven.

Whether Ms Jenme Hoh was solicited

146 As for the alleged solicitation of Ms Jenme Hoh (“Ms Hoh”), Walton
Malaysia’s Team Manager, Mr Murali stated in his e-mail to Mr Britton on 3
April 2008 that Ms Hoh had told him that she had been approached at a company
seminar on 29 March 2008 by Mr Iseli, who told her about a new company that
had made offers to Walton Malaysia’s DMs regarding a better product and better
commissions. Mr Murali’s sister, Ms Shanta, stated in her AEIC (at para 50)
that Ms Hoh had also told her that Mr Iseli had mentioned that another company
had a “better product and better commission”.

147 Ms Hoh’s version of her encounter with Mr Iseli at the seminar was quite
different from the version in Mr Murali’s e-mail. In her AEIC Ms Hoh had
merely stated (at paras 12 and 13) that Mr Iseli had asked her at the seminar
whether she had “heard about a new company in town” and that she told him that
she was hungry and could not think of anything other than food. She added (at
para 14) that after this, she was “never approached or spoken to by Iseli
again”. When cross-examined, Ms Shanta agreed that Ms Hoh’s version of her
encounter was different. The evidence of Mr Murali and Ms Shanta on the
solicitation of Ms Hoh was unconvincing and I find that it was not proven that
Ms Hoh had been solicited by Mr Iseli at the seminar in question.

Whether Mr Patrick Ng was solicited

148 There were other retail sales staff from Walton Malaysia who testified but
I had the distinct impression that many of them were far too concerned as to
how their bosses might view their testimony in court. I need only mention one
more witness, Mr Patrick Ng Chee Weng (“Mr Ng”), a Group Manager who had been
suspended from his duties because he was perceived to be close to Mr Iseli. Mr
Ng was a combative witness who had to be reminded not to use impolite language
in court. He stated in his AEIC that sometime in early 2008, a number of
persons, including Mr Medina and Mr Solibun, gathered at Mr Iseli’s apartment
and discussed plans about starting a new marketing company to sell among other
things, landbanking products. It is one thing to discuss the setting up of a
new company and another to actually do so. Furthermore, Mr Ng did not reveal
this “juicy” information to the Interborder investigation team when he was
interviewed in early April 2008. It was only after his suspension had been
lifted that he had a lot to say about Mr Iseli, including what the latter had
told him and others _before_ and after the Interborder team was assembled.

149 Mr Ng also claimed in his AEIC at para 16 that Mr Iseli had asked him to
join the new company to be set up and to become one of its directors and
shareholders. He added that he told Mr Iseli that he needed to know more about
the new company and the products it intended to sell but Mr Iseli was unable
to provide the requisite information in writing. If Mr Ng’s evidence is to be
believed, Mr Iseli had clearly made him an _express_ offer to join the new
company and become one its directors and shareholders. However, Mr Razak
testified that that the only _clear_ instance of solicitation was the
_implied_ solicitation of Ms Linnet Tan.

150 Mr Yau’s counsel, Mr Tan, suggested that Mr Ng had lied to keep his job.
Mr Razak admitted that the fact that Mr Ng had agreed to file an AEIC in
support of the plaintiffs’ case was a relevant factor when considering whether
the suspension of the latter from his duties should be lifted. Mr Razak
testified[note: 84] as follows:

Q[Pat Ng, who was suspended] gave a statement and he was reinstated?

AWe can’t find anything _concrete_ for him, so …

QBut you didn’t find anything concrete against [Mr Iseli] …. _The only
difference was that Patrick agreed to give an affidavit for Walton. That was
the distinction, was it not_ , Mr Razak?

A _That was one of the difference_.

QThat was the _main difference_.

A _One of the difference, yeah_.

[emphasis added]

151 I cannot, merely on Mr Ng’s words, find that the defendants had solicited
Walton Malaysia’s staff to leave that company to join them.

Whether a massive walk-out had been planned

152 As has been mentioned, Walton Malaysia’s former Managing Director, Mr
Murali, tried to alert the company about Mr Iseli’s alleged solicitation of
its staff in his e-mail to Mr Britton on 3 April 2008. Part of his e-mail
referred to a planned massive walk-out as a result of the defendants’
solicitation efforts.

153 Mr Murali’s information regarding the proposed walk-out was plain hearsay.
He said that Mr Liew informed him that one Ms Sammi Lee (“Ms Lee”), a team
manager at Walton Malaysia, had found out from another team manager, Ms Clara
Tan (“Ms Tan”), that there would soon be a walkout from Walton. Neither Ms Tan
nor Ms Lee were called to testify on the alleged walk-out. Furthermore, while
Mr Murali said that he had been told that the walkout from Walton Malaysia had
been scheduled for 15 April 2008, Mr Liew testified that he did not give Mr
Murali any date for the walk-out while Ms Hoh was unable to recall any date
for the walkout. As such, the question of the proposed walk-out, which did not
materialise, need not be further considered.

Alleged solicitation in Malaysia after 5 May 2008

154 As for whether there was any solicitation of Walton Malaysia’s staff
_after_ 5 May 2008, Mr Razak testified that the _only_ instance of
solicitation after 5 May 2008 that he could recall was the so-called “Penang
incident”.[note: 85]

155 After Mr Iseli left Walton Malaysia on 5 May 2008, the company sent Mr
Medina to Penang on 13 and 14 May 2008 to brief its Penang staff on the
departure of Mr Iseli and the suspension of four of Walton Malaysia’s senior
retail sales staff. The briefing took place at the Penang Club (“the Club”).
What irked the plaintiffs was that Mr Iseli, an associate member of the Club,
was also at the Club at the same time. According to Mr Razak, Mr Michael Ooi
(“Mr Ooi”), his Penang team manager, reported that before the Walton Malaysia
staff left for their meeting in another part of the Club, Mr Iseli was seen
seated with two other persons, namely Ms Sue How and Mr Khoo Boo Yeang (“Mr
Khoo”), a few tables away from Mr Medina’s table.

156 Surprisingly, Mr Ooi was not called by the plaintiffs as a witness to
testify on the Penang incident. It was not disputed that Mr Iseli did not
attend Mr Medina’s meeting and none of the plaintiffs’ witnesses testified
about solicitation at the Club. When cross-examined by Mr Tan as to how he
could, in these circumstances, conclude that Mr Iseli had solicited his staff
at the Club, Mr Razak tied himself in knots[note: 86] before concluding that
the fact that Mr Iseli was at the Club at the same time as his staff must mean
that there was solicitation of his staff:

QDid you know if Khoo Boo Yeang and [Mr Iseli] and Sue were talking about
Walton products, or maybe Boston product?

A _I don’t know, I wasn’t there_.

QOr gold?

AI don’t know. I wasn’t there….

QSo, Mr Razak, by the mere fact of them being seen together, you then jumped
to the conclusion that [Iseli] was soliciting Khoo Boo Yeang? _Is that the
best evidence you can give us? …_.

A.... _I suppose, yeah, because --- the fact that [Iseli] was already there,
he was soliciting our guys_.

[emphasis added]

157 Mr Khoo testified that Mr Razak had asked him to sign an affidavit
accusing Mr Iseli of soliciting at the Club but he refused to do so. When
cross-examined, he stated[note: 87]:

Basically, after the [meeting at the Penang Club], Razak called me …. He
believed that [Mr Iseli] went to Penang to solicit support from all the Penang
Walton consultants. So I told him no because he didn’t meet them, he was not
at the meeting, but he insisted that the company is suing [Mr Iseli], and he
wants me to help the company to prepare an affidavit to say that [Mr Iseli]
went to Penang to solicit consultants. So I said that is not true, and I
cannot write that type of statement….

_So [Mr Razak] says, “well, … you help me, I look after you, you come and sign
the affidavit”. So I say, “if you insist on asking me to say something which
is not true, you can keep your business”…_.

[emphasis added]

158 Mr Khoo claimed that he paid a price for refusing to lie on behalf of the
plaintiffs. He said that after he refused to accuse Mr Iseli of soliciting at
the Club, Mr Razak stated in a letter to him on 20 June 2008 that his
resignation had been accepted. He added that as he had not resigned from
Walton Malaysia, his contract had been terminated because he had refused to
file an affidavit against Mr Iseli. Walton Malaysia insisted that Mr Khoo had
resigned but the latter’s alleged letter of resignation was not shown to the
court.

159 I reject the plaintiffs’ claim that the Penang incident proved that Mr
Iseli had solicited Walton Malaysia’s staff to leave that company with Mr
Medina’s help. There was thus no evidence of any solicitation in Malaysia
after 5 May 2008 by Mr Iseli or Mr Yau.

Conclusion on solicitation in Malaysia

160 For the many reasons stated, I dismiss the plaintiffs’ allegation that the
defendants had solicited their staff to leave Walton Malaysia.

Whether Mr Doherty was defamed

161 Mr Doherty’s allegation that the defendants defamed him was pleaded in the
Statement of Claim at paras 84 – 85 as follows:

[84] [O]n or about 26 April 2008, [Mr Iseli] spoke and published the following
words or words to the same effect, to one of the 2nd Plaintiffs’ Team
Managers, which were defamatory of [Mr Doherty].

[Mr Yau] had refused an offer of US$5,000,000 from [Mr Doherty] to silence him
about the aforesaid corporate strategy and to obtain his agreement to not
solicit the Plaintiff’s sales force for a period of two (2) years (the
“Defamatory Words…”).

[85] The Defamatory Words concerning [Mr Doherty] were spoken by [Mr Yau] to
[Mr Iseli] and repeated by [Mr Iseli] to [Mr Hernandez]. In the alternative
(in the event that [Mr Yau] did not say the Defamatory Words to [Mr Iseli])
the Defamatory Words concerning [Mr Doherty], were spoken by [Mr Iseli] to [Mr
Hernandez].

162 The alleged defamatory remark, if made, understandably incensed Mr Doherty
so much that on 6 May 2008, he stated in an e-mail to his staff as follows:

Another false statement concerning [Mr Yau] is that I allegedly offered him
money so that he would not disclose this alleged corporate strategy. When [Mr
Yau] retired, Walton paid him exactly the amount that was due to him under his
employment contract. He received no additional compensation, and was not
offered a severance package. I challenge anyone to produce evidence to the
contrary…..

163 Mr Yau, who made it clear that Mr Doherty had not offered him any money to
“silence” him or to extend his non-solicitation period to two years, denied
having defamed the latter while Mr Iseli denied having told Mr Hernandez that
Mr Yau had been offered such a bribe.

164 Mr Hernandez, Mr Doherty’s key witness, was an unreliable witness. He
demolished Mr Doherty’s case when he finally admitted that he could have been
mistaken about what Mr Iseli had said about the US$5 million payment to Mr
Yau. His initial position, as outlined in para 32 of his AEIC filed on 17
April 2009, was as follows:

Iseli said that when [Mr Yau] resigned, Bill Doherty had offered him a sum of
USD 5 million to keep him silent on this strategy and to prevent from
soliciting the sales force for a period of two years. [Mr Yau] had refused
this offer. Iseli said that [Mr Yau] was right not to take it.

165 Mr Hernandez said that the defamatory words were uttered by Mr Iseli at
the latter’s house in Kota Kinabalu on 26 April 2008. However, Mr Iseli stated
in para 140 of his AEIC as follows:

I did not at any time tell [Mr Hernandez] that [Mr Yau] had refused an offer
of US$5 million from Bill Doherty to silence him about the issue of
“corporatisation” or to obtain his agreement not to solicit the sales force of
the Walton Group. At the relevant time, “corporatisation” was an open secret,
and there was no reason for me even to suspect that the Walton Group would
consider it necessary to offer [Mr Yau] such a significant bribe to keep quiet
about it. _I may have mentioned the figure of US$5 million in the context of
the package [Mr Yau] would have been earning a year while at Walton_ and the
possible reasons why a person would walk away from a job paying so much. _It
is quite obvious that [Mr Hernandez] has misconstrued what I have said_.

[emphasis added]

166 Mr Solibun, who was present when Mr Iseli spoke to Mr Hernandez on 26
April 2008, corroborated Mr Iseli’s evidence. He stated in his AEIC (at para
39):

The figure of US$5 million was mentioned by [Mr Iseli] when he wondered why
[Mr Yau] would resign from Walton and walk away from an estimated US$5 million
a year salary. [Mr Iseli] never said that [Mr Yau] had been offered US$5
million by Walton. These statements have been taken out of context, and I
believe that [Mr Hernandez] has deliberately misunderstood what [Mr Iseli]
said that day.

167 After the meeting in Mr Iseli’s house on 26 April 2008, Mr Hernandez
secretly taped a conversation with Mr Iseli at a subsequent meeting in order
to obtain incriminating evidence against the latter on the package allegedly
offered to Mr Yau.[note: 88] However, nothing in the transcript of the taped
conversation concerned the alleged bribe. Most damaging to Mr Doherty’s case
on defamation was the fact that Mr Hernandez agreed with Mr Yau’s counsel, Mr
Tan, that he could have misunderstood what Mr Iseli had said about the US$5
million payment to Mr Yau. His testimony was as follows: [note: 89]

QWhen [Mr Iseli] told that [Mr Yau], who was paid US$5 million a year,
resigned because he disagreed with the corporatisation strategy, _you could
have misunderstood it to mean that Bill Doherty offered [Mr Yau] a $5 million
package to keep quiet. Was that possible?_

A _It is. It is_.

[emphasis added]

168 For the reasons stated, Mr Doherty’s claim against the defendants for
defaming him is dismissed.

The 1st to 4th Plaintiffs’ Claim for Malicious Falsehood

169 In _Ratcliffe v Evans_ (1892) 2 QB 524, the English Court of Appeal held
that the tort of malicious falsehood was applicable to falsehoods calculated
to cause actual damage to a business. The essential ingredients of this tort,
which is intended to protect a plaintiff from economic harm caused by a
defendant’s falsehood, were elucidated in _Kaye v Robertson_ [1991] FSR 62 at
67 by Glidewell LJ, who said that it must be shown “that the defendant has
published about the [plaintiff] words which are false, that they were
published maliciously and that special damage has followed as the direct and
natural result of their publication”.

170 The plaintiffs’ case on malicious falsehood was rather confusing. Mr
Doherty testified that it concerned what the defendants said about the
plaintiffs’ corporate strategy. He explained[note: 90] what the plaintiffs’
case on malicious falsehood entailed:

In … the simplest terms, … it is that we were going _to cease_ retail
operations and we would \--- and there would be a redundancy in our staff and
therefore _people were going to lose jobs within 24 months_. Furthermore, what
[Mr Yau] was providing was an opportunity for them to go and work with him.

[emphasis added]

171 Mr Yau emphatically denied that he had told anyone that the retail
division would be closed down within twelve to twenty-four months. He
explained in his AEIC at para 97:

At no time did I tell anyone, in Walton or otherwise, that the entire retail
staff of Walton Singapore and Walton Malaysia would be removed within the next
12 to 24 months. If indeed I made such a statement, I have no doubt that there
would have been mass resignations by now. In fact I sent an email to the key
personnel in Sales to encourage them so that they would not be demoralised by
my departure.

172 When cross-examined, Mr Doherty conceded that his own witnesses understood
that corporatisation would impact on retail sales and not that it would result
in the cessation of retail sales.[note: 91] Although DM Yao claimed in his
AEIC (at para 73) that Mr Yau had said that management had “already made up
their minds to _remove_ the retail sales force,” he testified that this
statement was inaccurate and the impression given was that Walton Singapore
intended to _focus_ on corporate sales.[note: 92]

173 On 8 October 2009, the plaintiffs’ counsel, Ms Rajah, clarified[note: 93]
the plaintiffs’ case as follows:

So it is our pleaded case that a large majority would be made redundant and
there is a subtle difference between that and total shutdown. I thought I
should clarify that.

174 In the rest of this judgment, references to the “corporatisation” strategy
or plans must be read in the context of Ms Rajah’s explanation.

175 The plaintiffs claimed that there was no plan to corporatise their
operations in Singapore and Malaysia and that their consistent business
strategy between 2005 to 2008 was:

(a)

to continue growing retail sales as their primary channel of distribution;

(b)

to build corporate sales as an additional channel of distribution;

(c)

to allow the retail sales staff to conduct sales through both channels from
2008; and

(d)

to increase the size and quality of the sales force, by recruiting more sales
staff and setting minimum targets.

176 The plaintiffs contended that Mr Yau made the allegation about their
corporate strategy in Singapore at the lunch and dinner meetings and in Kuala
Lumpur at a “lo hei” lunch and Red Box karaoke session on 20 February 2008, a
lunch with Ms Linnet Tan on 20 April 2009 and in his conversations with DM Ong
and Mr Chua Kheng Hian on 28 April 2008. As for Mr Iseli, it was alleged that
he made the allegations about corporatisation at a meeting at the Crowne
Riverside Kuching on 22 February 2008 or 30 March 2008, a Paradisso lunch on 7
April 2008, a Boardroom meeting on 7 April 2008, coffee sessions with Mr Liew
and Ms Linnet Tan on 17 April 2008, another coffee session with Ms Heather
Kong on 19 April 2008, a gathering at Kota Kinabalu on 26 April 2008, a
meeting with Ms Geethadevi and her managers on 28 April 2008, and a drinks
session with Mr Hernandez on 4 May 2008.

177 The defendants’ defence was two-fold. First, they contended that
corporatisation was a fact. Secondly, even if there was no plan to corporatise
their sales operations, the retail sales staff in both countries could see for
themselves the focus on corporatisation in Singapore and Malaysia and thus
have concerns about their future. In explaining, as he was entitled to do, why
he resigned, Mr Yau admitted having said that he had been unhappy with the
corporate strategy.

178 Mr Baukol accepted that it was reasonable for the DMs to ask Mr Yau about
his future plans and for the latter to “express views on what his plans [were]
although they may not be concrete”.[note: 94] I do not, for one moment, think
that Mr Yau had only said complimentary things about the plaintiffs whenever
he met the latter’s staff and that he may well have been hatching incomplete
plans for his future, which could spell competition for the plaintiffs after
the expiry of the restrictions in his employment contract. However, the issue
here is whether or not he was guilty of having spread malicious rumours at the
material time which caused the loss allegedly suffered primarily by Walton
Malaysia.

The plaintiffs’ own senior staff used corporatisation as a threat

179 While the plaintiffs complained that the defendants made their retail
sales staff fearful and anxious about the future by talking about the
corporatisation strategy, this was precisely what the top echelon of Walton
Malaysia’s management had been doing all along to ensure that the retail sales
staff worked harder to avoid being sidelined by corporate sales.

180 Witnesses of both parties to the action testified that Walton Malaysia’s
boss, Mr Razak, took advantage of the fear of corporatisation to threaten his
retail sales staff to work harder. In his AEIC, Mr Medina, a former Walton
Malaysia staff, stated (at para 24):

_Another cause for further concern was the statements Razak repeatedly made
about Walton Malaysia going corporate_. One such occasion was at the General
Sales Meeting that took place near the end of 2007, where Razak had
highlighted to us that retail sales were below expectations and _he announced
that unless our sales improved, we would end up like Hong Kong, which was
“going corporate”. This aggravated fears. By this time, it was a known fact
that the Hong Kong office had reduced its retail sales team of approximately
150-200 people to less than 50 people_.

[emphasis added]

181 Despite her staunch pro-Walton stand, Mr Razak’s subordinate, Ms Linnet
Tan, corroborated Mr Medina’s evidence when she testified[note: 95] as
follows:

Q[M]r _Razak had used corporate sales as a threat to your retail sales people_
that if they did not improve, they would end up like what happened in Hong
Kong…. Razak did that.

ARazak talks a lot, and _this one is quite accurate of what he said, yes_.

[emphasis added]

182 Apparently, Ms Linnet Tan herself had also used corporatisation as a scare
tactic. Mr Solibun stated in his AEIC at para 11:

Subsequently, Linnet Tan, my Division Manager, began telling members of her
division … at several points over a period of two years that Walton Malaysia
was “going corporate” and that we would need to “buck up” our performance or
else we were going to be removed because it was more expensive to operate
retail sales than corporate sales….

We all began worrying about the threat that this new “corporate” direction
posed to our livelihoods …

183 Mr Solibun’s assertion was corroborated by Mr Christopher Xavier Dorairaj
(“Mr Dorairaj”), a former team manager of Walton Malaysia. He stated in his
AEIC at paras 10 and 12:

10 The issue of corporatisation had come up as early as end 2005 or early
2006, when my Division Manager, Linnet Tan, in her “motivational” speeches to
her team at division meetings, would tell us _that Walton Malaysia was moving
towards corporate and that we would need to “buck up” on our performance or we
would be sidelined…_.

12 On numerous occasions throughout 2006 and 2007, Linnet Tan would repeat
this point about Walton Malaysia going corporate and use this fact to remind
us that the retail sales team must pull their weight and hit their targets.
_[Mr Razak]_ , then the Vice-President Sales of Walton Malaysia, _had also
mentioned this at several of the General Sales Meetings. …. I cannot remember
his exact words but he did state something to the effect that “unless the
sales improved, we would end up like Hong Kong, which was “going corporate”_.

[emphasis added]

184 Admittedly, the plaintiffs contended that Mr Dorairaj’s employment with
Walton Malaysia had been terminated because of his poor performance and it is
possible that he may be unhappy about this. However, his evidence that both Mr
Razak and Ms Linnet Tan had been frightening their staff with the spectre of
corporatisation was not effectively challenged when he was cross-examined.

185 Mr Doherty admitted that if the management of Walton Malaysia had told the
retail sales staff that the company was “going corporate”, the retail staff
would have cause for concern.[note: 96] It is totally inappropriate for the
plaintiffs, whose top brass, including Mr Razak, were threatening their staff
with corporatisation to complain that the defendants were causing them harm by
spreading rumours of corporatisation.

Rumours about corporatisation before the defendants’ departure

186 There were other flaws in the plaintiffs’ case on malicious falsehood. The
plaintiffs’ assertion that rumours of corporatisation became alive only after
Mr Yau resigned in January 2008 was not supported by their own witnesses. DM
Yao testified that the focus on corporatisation was “nothing new” and that
“right from 2006, there’s always been talk of this” by Walton Singapore’s
staff. Both DM Ong[note: 97] and DM Ann[note: 98] stated in their AEICs that
the retail sales staff teams were concerned that the corporate sales division
would “cannibalise” the retail sales division. When re-examined, DM Ong
said[note: 99] that Mr Yau did not raise “something new” when he talked about
the plaintiffs’ corporate strategy as there had been “nagging thoughts about
the possibility of the company heading in this direction”. Even Ms Lusi agreed
that there had been rumours of corporatisation for 2 years before Mr Yau
resigned. She did not suggest that the rumours about corporatisation had been
started by Mr Yau.[note: 100]

187 Walton Malaysia’s retail staff also had fears about the company’s
corporate strategy. Its former Managing Director, Mr Murali, testified[note:
101] that apart from his staff, even he had concerns about the effect of
corporatisation on retail sales long before the defendants resigned in 2008.
The relevant part of the proceedings is as follows:

Q[Y]our sister [Ms Shanta] said in her affidavit that around 2005/2006, there
[were] already concerns that … corporatisation … would take over retail sales.
Were you aware of that?

AYes, I was.

QSo did Linnet Tan. She said the same thing in her affidavit. Were you aware
of that?

A[I]’ll say yes, _there were people who were concerned_ about it, _and at some
point so was I_.

[emphasis added]

188 Other Walton Malaysia witnesses who testified about their concerns about
corporatisation included Mr Eddie Chen, who stated in his AEIC at paras 11 and
15-16:

11Since the time of inception of the corporate sales division there have
always been concerns amongst the retail sales staff that the long term plan
was for the corporate sales division to replace the retail sales division.

15The retail sales staff in the division that I was part of at Walton Malaysia
were _already concerned_ about the rumours that the retail sales division
would be replaced by the corporate sales division. After Iseli left, their
concerns became more pronounced. The concerns with respect of Iseli’s
departure from Walton Malaysia affected not only the division I was in but the
other divisions of Walton Malaysia as well.

16As a result, the _morale and momentum of the retail sales division dropped_.

[emphasis added]

189 It follows that the allegation that the rumours of corporatisation became
alive only after the defendants left their respective companies was
unsubstantiated.

Mr Doherty had assured the plaintiffs’ retail staff that their jobs were safe

190 While unaware that his own senior staff in Malaysia had been threatening
the retail staff with the consequences of corporatisation, Mr Doherty e-mailed
his staff on 6 May 2008 as follows:

[I] have been advised that false statements are being spread about Walton and
me personally. I would like to address the false statements in this open
letter to everyone....

The first rumour I want to address concerns restructuring at Walton, and
Walton’s alleged strategy to shut down the Asian retail operations and focus
only on corporate sales. Apparently, the rumour is that retail sales people
will lose their jobs over the next 24 months. This is absolutely untrue. The
Asian operations generated sales of $213 million last year, which were greater
than our Canadian sales of $200 million. These results were brilliant and I
told you how proud I was of your efforts. I said on video and I meant it.
Walton would never shut down its most successful sales operation in the world.
_I want to let you know in no uncertain terms that Walton remains committed to
retail sales in Asia; Walton is not winding up retail sales and, as a result,
your jobs are not in jeopardy…_.

As I have told you many times, we are one family and we have a bright future
together….

I look forward to continuing to work with you as we build our bright and
profitable future together.

[emphasis added]

Mr Doherty’s assurance should have assuaged fears and clarified the
plaintiffs’ position on corporatisation in Singapore and Malaysia once and for
all. It would be a rather sorry state of affairs for the plaintiffs if their
staff believed outsiders rather than their own CEO, who had promised his staff
a bright and profitable future and had stated in no uncertain terms that he
did not intend to get rid of the retail sales division.

191 What cannot be overlooked is that although the same malicious rumours were
allegedly spread in Singapore, where Mr Yau resides and had much greater
influence, the sales of Walton Singapore soared in 2008 while the sales of
Walton Malaysia dipped drastically in that year. Of course, the plaintiffs
credited themselves by saying that they managed to contain the damage in
Singapore but not in Malaysia, but this is a self-serving assertion that was
not proven.

Why the retail sales staff had concerns about corporatisation

192 Why did the retail sales staff of Walton Singapore and Walton Malaysia
have such marked concerns about the impact of corporate sales on their future
after the corporate sales division was set up in 2005? The defendants believed
that the company was placing increasing emphasis on the corporate sales
department’s sales through IFAs as from 2007 and that the inevitable
consequence of this would be that corporate sales would adversely affect
retail sales and lead to a reduction of retail sales staff. Mr Iseli told the
plaintiffs’ management that if it was his own company, he too would focus on
corporate sales. He also informed Mr Baukol that the company seemed to be
heading in the direction of corporatisation because of the discrepancy in
commissions payable to corporate and retail staff. No action was taken against
him for making these remarks and the plaintiffs finally addressed the
discrepancy in the commissions payable to retail sales staff shortly before Mr
Iseli was asked to leave. Oddly, the plaintiffs now accused him of misleading
Mr Baukol by saying that people felt that the company was on the road to
corporatisation because of the said discrepancy in commissions.

193 According to the defendants, the influx of several expatriate staff from
the plaintiffs’ headquarters in Canada helped to fuel rumours about the future
direction of the company because the expertise of these people was in
securitised products and corporate sales. This gave the impression that
changes were afoot for the Singapore office to bring it in line with the
Canadian office. The expatriate staff from Canada included Mr Britton, who was
made Chief Operating Officer of Walton Asia in 2006, Mr Rex McNally, who took
charge of Customer Services in Walton Singapore in 2006, Mr Pickard, who
joined the corporate sales division of Walton Singapore in 2007, Mr Sean
Maharaj, who became Executive Vice President of Finance in 2007, and Mr
Knight, who was appointed Executive Vice President, Legal, Walton Asia, in
early 2008. It did not help that one of these expatriates, Mr Pickard, who
presented the Singapore report at the Scottsdale retreat, stated that there
were too many agents in Singapore and Malaysia and that there was a need to
“cut their numbers” to increase the commitment and calibre of people.

194 After the Scottsdale retreat, the portfolio of corporate sales, which had
been under the purview of Mr Dirk Foo, who was regarded by some as a champion
of retail sales, was taken away from him and the position of Vice-President,
Corporate Sales, was created. Mr Starvis, the man who had taken charge of the
corporate division in Hong Kong, was appointed to this post.

195 At the Scottsdale retreat, Mr Razak warned that “retail and corporate may
be taking to the same potential corporate clients in competing for business”
and recommended that a “well defined market for each department will best
correct this situation”. In due course, problems arose between the staff of
the corporate sales department and retail sales department. The poaching of
retail sales by the corporate sales department was also resented. In his AEIC,
Mr Medina explained (at paras 15-17):

Among the retail sales people, there is an honour system. We do not poach one
another’s customers…. However, with the new Corporate Department, this code of
honour was not followed…. In addition, the company condoned such behaviour….
The clear preference for corporate sales was undeniable and caused great
unhappiness amongst the retail staff. Although the concern was brought up to
the management, specifically [Mr Razak], … in or about 2005-2006, nothing was
done about it.

196 The perception that the corporate sales department was favoured gained
momentum when a new commission structure which favoured those involved in
corporate sales was introduced in November 2006. Corporate sales staff were
entitled to a commission of 10% while those in retail sales were paid only 4%,
with an additional 2% if sale targets were met. This disparity was exacerbated
in February 2007 when the commission on retail sales was henceforth to be
computed on 90% of the sales volume whereas the commission for corporate sales
continued to be based on 100% of the sales volume. The result was that better
discounts could be offered by those in corporate sales and this gave them an
edge over those in retail sales. Although the plaintiffs explained that the
change in retail commissions was to take their overheads into account, some
retail sales staff felt that the corporate sales department was favoured.

197 Both Mr Yau and Mr Dirk Foo realised that the fear of retail sales staff
about corporatisation had to be allayed. On 28 May 2007, some three weeks
after the Scottsdale retreat, Mr Dirk Foo e-mailed Mr Yau as follows:

I know that morale is a little down throughout the retail department and it is
starting to show in our production.

Some of the feedback I am getting and this is also from senior managers is
that Management seems disinterested in their work and they feel unimportant.
_Some even feel that we are actually going to replace Retail_???

This is stupid but I am willing to give them the benefit of doubt. I intend to
correct this and everything else that might stand in the way of retail hitting
their goal.

[emphasis added]

198 On 8 June 2007, Mr Yau e-mailed Mr Doherty to urge the latter to boost the
morale of retail sales staff:

For tomorrow message to the team, is to tell them [that retail sales] very
important to the Company is our baby.

I already told them the good [news] about Dirk is 100% focus in this
department….

If you can say something great about [the retail sales] team, this will really
help.

199 The trimming of retail staff was discussed at a meeting that Mr Yau had
with Mr Doherty, Mr Baukol, Mr Knight and Mr Dirk Foo on 11 June 2007. The
following is a noteworthy part of the minutes of the said meeting, at which Mr
Yau expressed his concern about the morale of retail staff:

_Confidentially, some points were discussed in terms of cutting down the
number of sales personnel_. [Mr Yau] feels that we should not affect the
morale of the Direct Sales Division in Asia at this time. He further expressed
that Corporate Sales Division should be hiring external consultants at this
moment.

[emphasis added]

The said paragraph in the minutes was marked with the following note: “For
information only (some sensitive issues not mentioned here)”. There was no
doubt that plans for culling the retail staff were discussed and the fact that
sensitive issues were not reflected in the minutes although they were debated
is rather telling.

200 Instead of dealing effectively with the lowered morale of retail sales
staff, Mr Doherty ensured that Mr Dirk Foo resigned in December 2007. In
January 2008, Mr Yau resigned.

201 According to the defendants, the resentment against corporatisation was
further fuelled in January 2008 when Mr Doherty expounded the virtues of
corporate sales to an audience of predominantly retail sales people at “Walton
Vision” events in Singapore, Kuala Lumpur and Kuching without mentioning
anything about retail sales.

202 On 5 May 2008, Mr Iseli left Walton Malaysia. Subsequently, 4 DMs from
Walton Malaysia were suspended in May/June 2008 while two others were
suspended in June and then sacked. In Singapore, Ms Loh, the Vice-President,
Sales, was sacked on 29 May 2008\. A former Walton Singapore staff, Mr Gary
Tan, who had worked for Walton in Hong Kong and seen the corporatisation of
the Hong Kong office, was sceptical about Mr Doherty’s assurances. He stated
in his AEIC (at para 15):

Given the resignations of [Mr Yau] and Dirk Foo, there had been increased
speculation amongst us about the corporatisation of Walton Singapore. This was
because it did not make sense for Walton Singapore to let both these bosses
who built up the retail sales go unless Walton Singapore was reducing its
reliance on retail sales and refocusing on corporate sales.

203 When Mr Gary Tan filed an affidavit in support of Mr Yau on 3 July 2008 to
“state the facts from [his] perspective”, he was promptly booted out of the
company by Mr Doherty, who accused him of breaching the mutual trust and
confidence between him and Walton by filing an affidavit for Mr Yau. In the
company’s termination letter dated 23 July 2008, Gary was accused of a
“flagrant breach” of the relationship of trust and fidelity by filing an
affidavit against the company. It has never been the law that there is a
breach of mutual trust and confidence merely because an employee has decided
to say what he believes to be the truth in an AEIC.

204 Mr Yau asserted in his AEIC at para 136 that given that Mr Gary Tan, ex-DM
Chong and Ms Loh, who had all filed affidavits on his behalf, had their
employment contracts with Walton Singapore terminated, the message from the
plaintiffs was that anyone who dared to speak the truth in support of his case
would have their livelihood threatened. The plaintiffs’ own witness, DM Ong,
testified that the sacking of Mr Gary Tan possibly added to her apprehension
as to what was going on in Walton Singapore.[note: 102]

205 In mid-2008, Walton Malaysia’s former Managing Director, Mr Murali, who
had been demoted, left the company. Apart from this, some 300 retail sales
staff in Walton Malaysia had their contracts terminated. Mr Doherty admitted
that he did not know how many of them had been sacked because of the malicious
rumours allegedly spread by the defendants and how many of them were just
plainly incompetent.[note: 103] The evidence was that only 6 of the sacked
staff joined Mr Iseli’s new company, but they had a right to work anywhere
after Walton Malaysia had asked them to leave. As for the balance of the 300
staff who did not join either Mr Iseli or Mr Yau, only half of them were
replaced. Mr Iseli contended with some force that if there had been no plans
to reduce the number of retail sales staff, more of such staff would have been
recruited to bring the retail sales division to its former strength. The fact
that this was not done was, in his view, another indication of the move
towards corporate sales. According to the defendants, only a mere 38% of the
retail sales team from January 2008 were still employed as at July 2010. To
them, this contradicts the plaintiffs’ professed business strategy of
increasing the size and quality of their staff and shows the trend for the
retail sales department. The plaintiffs retorted that most of those booted out
had not been productive sales persons and the reduction in numbers had no
effect on productivity. This appeared to support what Mr Yau had warned of,
namely that only those who worked hard in retail sales and produced results
would have secure jobs.

206 Finally, the fact that the plaintiffs instituted legal proceedings against
the defendants and other former retail sales staff in Singapore and Malaysia
unnerved some staff. All these events further lowered morale and fuelled for
some the spectre of corporatisation.

207 Walton Malaysia’s Ms Linnet Tan also testified that the resignation or
sacking of top retail staff like Mr Yau, Mr Dirk Foo, Mr Iseli and Ms Loh
could have led some of Walton Malaysia’s staff to feel that retail sales had
“lost its lustre”. The following part of her cross-examination[note: 104]
merits attention:

Q…. Whilst you may not think that Walton is going corporate, there is good
reason for the people on the ground to feel that it’s going corporate. Fair
enough?

AFair, yeah. …

Q… [T]here are so many other external happenings that others can draw their
own conclusion that Walton may be going corporate; agree?

AAgree.

208 Mr Doherty complained that Mr Yau was incapable of explaining to the
retail staff the benefits of corporate sales. He overlooked the fact that his
other senior management staff were not able to explain what was going on in
the company to the retail staff after the departure of Mr Yau. Mr Razak was
honest enough to admit that the situation could have been more properly
handled and that some of the company’s actions which were unconnected with Mr
Yau or Mr Iseli had made his retail sales staff insecure. When cross-examined,
he stated[note: 105] as follows:

QLooking at the events starting from 2006, the resignations, the sacking, the
terminations, the legal suits, and looking at what was happening in Hong Kong,
_you didn’t need anyone to spread any rumours for the downliners to feel
insecure; am I correct?_

AY _ou can say that_.

[emphasis added]

209 I do not have to determine whether or not Walton Singapore and Walton
Malaysia were actually heading in the direction of corporate sales at the
expense of the retail sales staff. What was clear was that the plaintiffs’ own
policies regarding the corporate and retail sales divisions had demoralised
their retail sales staff and made them fear that the company would focus on
corporate sales, and especially so when Walton Malaysia’s own senior
executives had themselves raised the spectre of corporatisation to keep their
staff in check.

210 In any case, even if the defendants had spread rumours, it was not
established that these were malicious rumours. Unlike a claim for defamation,
a plaintiff who asserts that the defendant has spread malicious rumours must
prove malice. This key ingredient of the tort refers to a dominant improper
motive and the onus is on the plaintiffs to prove malice. While Bowen LJ
pointed out in _Edgington v Fitzmaurice_ (1885) 29 Ch D 459 at 483 that the
state of a man’s mind is as much a fact as the state of his digestion, he
added that it is very difficult to prove what the state of a man’s mind at a
particular time is. Furthermore, it is clear that the fact that a person
continues to assert his belief after he has been informed that it is without
foundation is, without more, not evidence of malice. In _Greers Ltd v Pearman
and Corder Ltd_ (1922) 39 RFC 406, Scrutton LJ explained at p 417:

Honest belief in an unfounded claim is not malice; but the nature of the
unfounded claim may be evidence that there was not an honest belief in it. It
may be so unfounded that the particular fact that it is put forward may be
evidence that it is not honestly believed.

211 The defendants contended that they believed that the company was “going
corporate”. On 7 April 2008, when Mr Iseli was interviewed by the Interborder
team, he was honest enough to tell the investigators that if he was asked, he
would say that the company was “going corporate”. He added that he would say
that if it was his business, he could see himself pushing the corporate side.
Significantly, despite having heard from Mr Iseli that he would be saying, if
asked, that the company was headed the corporate way, the Interborder team
concluded that there nothing “untoward” in Walton Malaysia and no action was
taken against Mr Iseli. When cross-examined about why action had not been
taken against Mr Iseli at that time for “spreading” the rumour that the
company was “going corporate”, Mr Doherty had no real answer as he stated as
follows:[note: 106]

QWhat steps did …[Walton Malaysia] take from … 7th of April to 6th May against
[Mr Iseli] when he told you that he will go and tell anyone who asks that
Walton was pushing the corporate side? ….

AMr Iseli? We … took no steps against Mr Iseli because _at that time, we felt
that there is no reason to_. He was the vice-president of sales. _He had this
interview and we felt if we dealt with these issues, we can move on_.

[emphasis added]

212 Admittedly, the plaintiffs claimed that Mr Yau wanted to stage a comeback
to Walton Singapore and the event which motivated his intention to injure was
a note written by Mr Doherty to him on 23 January 2008 to inform him that to
assist him in determining his future options, he ought to know that he would
not be offered a senior executive position or the position he resigned from
should he wish to return to Walton Singapore. This, they contended,
crystallised his intention to hurt the plaintiffs. It cannot be overlooked
that the allegation that Mr Doherty’s letter of 23 January crystallised Mr
Yau’s intention to harm the plaintiffs was not pleaded.

213 Mr Yau insisted that this letter had no effect on him. In fact, after
receiving Mr Doherty’s note of 23 January 2008, Mr Yau, who understood that he
was not to return to Walton, cordially replied to the former on 25 January
2008 as follows:

Yes, I got it yesterday noon and _I clearly understand your message in the
letter_. I hope everything is doing well in Walton and in the future too, and
I’m very sure it will be in good hand under your care.

You got to trust me, I’m not trying to be funny or play punk. Is not easy to
choose this direction and make a decision, is painful to leave the 12 years
baby ... which I been taken care for so long. But this is the only way to send
a “wake up” call to each and everyone in the Company, is also time for them to
carry the baby to another level if they do the right things....

Billy, _there is nothing personal between you and I_. _I hope we are still
best Friend forever and maintain contact_. Do give me a call anytime. “I said
anytime” me and my family will always stand by you and your Family.

Million Thanks.

[emphasis added]

214 Furthermore, Mr Doherty, who had considered Mr Yau’s farewell e-mail to
the staff to encourage them to work hard as “awesome”, testified as
follows[note: 107] with respect to the latter’s response on 25 January 2008 to
his letter of 23 January 2008:

Q _[Y]ou look at his response to you when you told him that you no longer had
a position in Walton, that is his email of 25 th of January 2008 and you look
at how he encouraged the subordinates who were still with Walton, this is
totally inconsistent with somebody who is out to make life difficult for
Walton. Agree?_

A _Agreed_.

QIt is totally inconsistent with somebody who wants to solicit from Walton.
Agree?

AAgreed.

[emphasis added]

215 While Mr Yau lost an annual income of more than US$5million by resigning,
he knew this when he resigned. In my view, while there were many possibilities
about Mr Yau’s intentions that could interest a novelist, there was inadequate
proof of malice on his part. As for Mr Iseli, the allegation that he had acted
with malice was backed by even weaker evidence and need not be considered
further.

216 Finally, yet another reason for dismissing the plaintiffs’ claim regarding
malicious falsehood is that there was no proof of a causal connection between
the alleged rumours and the plaintiffs’ losses. Mr Doherty admitted that in so
far as Walton Malaysia was concerned, he did not know how many staff left
because of the alleged rumours and how many were asked to leave because of
poor performance. The lack of proof of loss will be discussed later on when
the experts’ views on the computation of the plaintiffs’ alleged losses are
considered.

1st to 4th plaintiffs’ defamation claim

217 I now turn to the claim by the 1st to 4th plaintiffs that they had been
defamed by the defendants. The 1st to 4th plaintiffs alleged in their
Statement of Claim at para 78 that Mr Yau defamed them because he had said
words to the effect that:

(i)[Walton’s] business strategy and corporate direction of the Plaintiffs was
to cease conducting retail sales operations in Asia, resulting in the
redundancy of sales staff in Asia within two (2) years; and

(ii)that [he] had refused an offer of US$5,000,000 from [Mr Doherty] to
silence him about the aforesaid corporate strategy and to obtain his agreement
not to solicit [Walton’s] sales force for a period of two (2) years.

218 The plaintiffs pleaded in their Statement of Claim at para 72 that in
their natural and ordinary meaning the alleged defamatory words meant and/or
were understood to mean that:-

(i)as a result of the Walton Group’s Alleged Corporatization Business
Strategy, the 1st and 2nd Plaintiffs did not intend to continue employing the
respective divisional managers in the near future;

(ii)the 1st and 2nd plaintiffs were bad employers and that the 1st to 4th
Plaintiffs as a group were uncaring of their staff or sales force;

(iii)the 1st to 4th Plaintiffs as a group were not open and honest with the
sales employees and consultants of the 1st and 2nd Plaintiffs whose job it was
to promote and sell Walton Products;

(i)the Walton Group as an organisation condoned poor treatment by its entities
of their staff;

(v)the Walton Group was led by a dishonest person; and/or

(vi)the retail business of the Walton Group in Asia, including the business of
the 1st and 2nd Plaintiffs, was a failing concern and/or that it was not
economically viable and therefore the 1st and 2nd Plaintiffs’ staff had to be
made redundant.

219 The plaintiffs alleged that Mr Yau was motivated by malice in making and
publishing the words.

220 In essence, the first aspect of the 1st to 4th plaintiffs’ claim for
defamation, which concerns their business strategy, is a rehash of their claim
for malicious falsehood and has the same foundation as that other claim. As
such, it need not be considered any further.

221 As for the second aspect of the claim for defamation, which is that Mr Yau
had said that he had refused an offer of US$5 million from Mr Doherty to
silence him about the corporatisation strategy and to obtain his agreement not
to solicit Walton’s sales force for 2 years, it also need not be considered
any further as I have already found in the context of Mr Doherty’s claim for
defamation that it was not proven that Mr Yau had said that he had refused the
said offer or that Mr Iseli had said that Mr Yau had refused such an offer.

Unlawful Interference with Trade or Business

222 The plaintiffs also claimed that the defendants had unlawfully interfered
with their trade or business. This is a claim in tort for economic loss caused
by intentional acts. In _OBG Ltd and another v Allan and others_ [2008] 1 AC 1
at 19 (“ _OBG Ltd_ ”), Lord Hoffman explained the genesis of such a tort:

The tort of causing loss by unlawful means has a different history. It starts
with cases like _Garret v Taylor_ (1620) Cro Jac 567, in which the defendant
was held liable because he drove away customers of Headington Quarry by
threatening them with mayhem and vexatious suits. Likewise, in _Tarleton v
M‘Gawley_ (1794) Peake 270 Lord Kenyon held the master of the _Othello_ ,
anchored off the coast of West Africa, liable in tort for depriving a rival
British ship of trade by the expedient of using his cannon to drive away a
canoe which was approaching from the shore. In such cases, there is no other
wrong for which the defendant is liable as accessory. Although the immediate
cause of the loss is the decision of the potential customer or trader to
submit to the threat and not buy stones or sell palm oil, he thereby commits
no wrong. The defendant’s liability is primary, for intentionally causing the
plaintiff loss by unlawfully interfering with the liberty of others.

223 The plaintiffs claimed that the defendants interfered with their trade and
business by soliciting the sales teams of Walton Singapore and Walton
Malaysia. Furthermore, it was alleged that Mr Yau procured Mr Iseli’s breach
of contract.

224 In regard to solicitation, the plaintiffs pleaded in the Statement of
Claim at para 97:

[Mr Yau’s] unlawful interference disrupted the Plaintiffs’ business,
destabilized their workforce and led to the 1st and 2nd Plaintiffs’ employees
breaching their contracts, leaving the 1st and 2nd Plaintiffs with no choice
but to terminate their employment contracts.

225 As the plaintiffs’ allegation of solicitation by the defendants was not
proven, the assertion of unlawfully interference with their trade or business
by soliciting their staff need not be further considered. In any case, the
defendants cannot be held responsible for the paranoia of the plaintiffs,
which led to their termination of the contracts of many of their retail sales
staff. Mr Doherty admitted that all of his employees who filed affidavits on
the defendants’ behalf had been sued or sacked.[note: 108] When pressed,
Walton Singapore’s then Managing Director, Mr Foo admitted that ex-DM Chong,
one of the five DMs at the lunch and dinner meetings, was sacked because she
had filed an affidavit on Mr Yau’s behalf.

226 Mr Doherty conceded there could have been a climate of fear in his
Singapore and Malaysian companies.[note: 109] In regard to the climate of fear
in the Singapore office, DM Ong testified[note: 110]:

QYou were concerned about how you might be viewed by the Walton management if
you did not agree to file an affidavit?

AYes….

QWere you concerned that if you did not file an affidavit and you were viewed
unfavourably, that you may jeopardise your [salary of $50,000 per month]?

AYes, maybe yes.

QThat would be because of what you saw happening around you, with people being
terminated and sacked?

AYes.

227 As for the sacking in Singapore and Malaysia of persons perceived to be
disloyal to the plaintiffs, including Ms Loh, ex-DM Chong, Mr Medina, Mr
Solibun, Ms Sue How and Ms Colleen Jee, I believe that these persons would not
have left their respective companies in the Walton group if they had not been
sacked for allegedly plotting to cross over to the defendants’ alleged new
company. It may be recalled that Walton Malaysia sacked Mr Medina because of,
among other things, the “Penang incident” and the latter’s failure to inform
Mr Razak that Mr Iseli was at the Penang Club’s cafe. How a company could sack
someone for such reasons cannot be readily understood but Mr Razak was content
to testify[note: 111] as follows:

Q[J]eff Medina was suspended on account of not telling you that [Mr Iseli] was
four tables away.

A _Well, I don’t know how many tables, …. It doesn’t matter how many table,
yeah. I would have done the same…_.

Q[Y]ou said … because [Jeff Medina] did not tell you that [Mr Iseli] was four
tables away was serious enough to warrant sacking; right?

ARight.

[emphasis added]

228 I thus find that it was not proven that the defendants were responsible
for the termination of the employment contracts of those whom Walton Malaysia
regarded as disloyal staff.

Whether Mr Yau procured Mr Iseli’s breach of contract

229 The plaintiffs’ allegation that Mr Yau unlawfully interfered with their
trade by procuring Mr Iseli’s breach of contract was put in para 86 of their
Opening Statement as follows:

[I]t is [Walton’s] case that Iseli has acted in breach of his employment
contract by soliciting, or attempting to solicit the Managers and Consultants
of Walton Malaysia to join [Mr Yau’s] new business. Iseli’s acts were done at
[Mr Yau’s] behest. [Mr Yau] knew and intended that Iseli would act in breach
of Iseli’s contractual and fiduciary duties. [Mr Yau] therefore procured
Iseli’s breach of Iseli’s employment contract with Walton Malaysia.

230 In _Tribune Investment Trust Inc v Soosan Trading Co Ltd_ [2000] 2 SLR(R)
407, the Court of Appeal stressed that an action for unlawful interference
with trade is different in substance from and should not be confused with a
claim for inducement of a breach of contract. The court stated (at [15] – 17])
as follows:

15 [T]he elements required to satisfy both causes of action are separate and
distinct. In other words, they are two substantively different torts and
should be treated as such….

16 The law relating to most of the economic torts is clear. To knowingly
procure or induce a third party to break his contract to the damage of the
other contracting party without reasonable justification or excuse forms the
basis of the tort of inducing a breach of contract.

17 An act of inducement _per se_ is not by itself actionable. The plaintiff
must satisfy a two-fold requirement in order to found a sustainable cause of
action: first, he must show that the procurer acted with the requisite
knowledge of the existence of the contract (although knowledge of the precise
terms is not necessary); and second, that the procurer intended to interfere
with its performance. Intention in this case is to be determined objectively.
It is not sufficient that the resulting breach of contract was a mere natural
consequence of the defendant's conduct….

231 Liability for inducing breach of contract was established in _Lumley v
Gye_ (1853) 2 E & B 216, where the court relied on the general principle that
to procure another person to commit a wrong is to incur liability as an
accessory to the contracting party’s liability. However, as was reiterated by
Lord Hoffman in _OBG Ltd_ at [19], liability depends upon the contracting
party having committed an actionable wrong. After all, in _Lumley v Gye_ ¸
Wightman J stressed at p 238 that Ms Wagner had unlawfully broken her contract
and that the defendant had procured the breach. In the present case, Mr Iseli
had not breached his contract of employment. Walton Malaysia’s boss, Mr Razak,
testified that his company had no evidence against Mr Iseli when he was sacked
on 5 May 2008. This was not surprising as Mr Iseli had just been promoted and
appointed Walton Malaysia’s Vice-President Sales in February 2008.

232 Although Walton Malaysia contended that Mr Iseli had breached his
employment contract and wanted him to resign, it offered him a generous
financial package worth around RM2 million to leave provided he was prepared
to testify against Mr Yau. Mr Iseli refused the offer as he did not believe
that Mr Yau had committed the wrongful acts alleged by the plaintiffs. His
counsel, Mr Looi Teck Kheong (“Mr Looi”), rightly pointed out that it is
absurd that the plaintiffs should sue his client for refusing to accept a
compensation package which was highly favourable to him. [note: 112] I agree.

233 When cross-examined, Mr Razak admitted that the fact that Walton Malaysia
had to offer Mr Iseli a generous financial package to resign must mean that it
did not have evidence to sack him. He disclosed Walton Malaysia’s real agenda
when he testified[note: 113] as follows:

QSo the irresistible conclusion, Mr Razak, must be that as of 5 May, you had
_no evidence_ against [Mr Iseli] but _you wanted to pay him so that he would
be with the company in their action against [Mr Yau]_.

A _There was a solution on the table to resolve the matter, yeah_.

[emphasis added]

234 Mr Baukol admitted he could not explain why Mr Iseli had been offered a
rather generous package to resign. He also could not give a satisfactory
answer as to why Mr Iseli had been sacked. His unsatisfactory evidence[note:
114] was as follows:

Q[M]r Iseli was promoted in February 2008, so when this [letter of
termination] refers to “breaches” in the “last few months”, what kind of
breaches would Walton International be referring to?

ACertainly, non-solicitation as an acting vice-president of sales.

QWhat else?

ABreach of duty or fiduciary duty.

QMore specifically, what were those breaches?

A _To handle oneself in a professional expected behaviour as an employee, I
suppose_.

QA general type of breach?

A _I do not know if it’s general or specific_.

[emphasis added]

235 I believe Mr Iseli’s evidence that he would not have left Walton Malaysia
if his contract had not been abruptly terminated by the company. He had
reached a very comfortable position in the company and was entitled to
overriding commissions on both corporate and retail sales. Praises had been
heaped on him by Mr Doherty in January 2008 and he had been promoted in
February 2008. From February 2008 until he was sacked on 5 May 2008, he had
tried to convince Walton Malaysia’s bosses to improve the commission of the
retail staff and had planned incentive trips for the retail sales staff. When
cross-examined, Mr Knight agreed that pushing for an increase in the
commission of Walton Malaysia’s retail sales staff would run against the grain
of someone whose intention was to solicit them to leave the company.[note:
115] Mr Yau stated that Mr Iseli had his own mind and had criticised
management even when he was a part of the management of Walton’s business in
Asia. He added that it was ridiculous for anyone to believe that Mr Iseli
would forsake his annual income of RM2 million when he had no concrete plans
to offer to the latter. When asked why Mr Iseli would give up his lucrative
job, Mr Baukol replied that a person might do that out of loyalty to a friend.
There was no evidence that Mr Iseli would give up his extremely high salary
out of loyalty to Mr Yau.

236 At the material time, Mr Iseli had also been planning a holiday trip for
his retail staff to boost morale. He was a generous boss who utilised his own
money to pay for a previous incentive trip to Hanoi. Walton Malaysia’s Group
Manager, Mr Liew, testified[note: 116] as follows:

QWas [Mr Iseli] also trying his best to raise the morale of the staff at that
point in time?

_A_ _As usual_ , yes.

Q _When you say “as usual”, that would be what [Mr Iseli] would have been
doing in April and even the months before that?_

A _Yes_.

…

QBetween the incentive trip … on the weekend of 13 January to the time you had
conversation with [Mr Iseli at the Lodge meeting] on 17 April, would I be
correct to say that [Mr Iseli] continued to encourage the team managers to try
and improve on their performance?

AYes.

[emphasis added]

237 When Mr Iseli met Walton Malaysia retail staff, he heard their grievances
and it is quite likely that he voiced his own grievances as well. From such
meetings emerged a “wish list” that was presented to the management on 8 April
2008. That wish list solved one outstanding grouse of the retail staff, namely
the commissions payable to them.

238 I have already found that Mr Iseli did not solicit the plaintiffs’ staff
and had not unlawfully interfered with the plaintiffs’ trade and I now find
that he was not in breach of his employment contract when he was sacked. As
such, the question of procuring his breach of contract did not arise.

Breach of Confidence and Misuse of Confidential Information

239 In regard to breach of confidence, the plaintiffs alleged that while Mr
Yau discussed with Mr Foo the latter’s forthcoming promotion to the post of
Managing Director of Walton Singapore, he revealed to the latter information
regarding Walton Singapore’s restructuring plans. Mr Yau, who had been tasked
to discuss with Mr Foo the latter’s promotion to such a senior post, should
not be faulted for mentioning the company’s forthcoming restructuring plans to
the incoming Managing Director. Although Mr Foo had suggested in his AEIC that
Mr Yau had revealed confidential information to him, the thrust of his
testimony was that he was surprised that he had not been kept in the loop
about the restructuring plans. He testified as follows:[note: 117]

QYou said [in your AEIC] :

“I found it surprising that Yau was sharing all this information with me, as
it appeared to be confidential information”.

…

Why do you find it surprising, Mr Foo, when the purpose of Mr Yau’s meeting
with you was to tell you of the new structure and to let you know where you
stood under the new structure?

AI – it was surprising to me because this was _the first time I had heard
about it and I was actually quite surprised that I was not even privy to
discussions, as I was chief [administrative] officer_ ….

QSo why are you suggesting that [Mr Yau] was in breach of releasing
confidential information, when that would have been necessary for him to
convey the executive decision to you to tell you where you stood under the new
structure?

…

A _I’m not sure_ , your Honour.

[emphasis added]

240 If all the circumstances are taken into account, there was no doubt that
the plaintiffs’ complaint that Mr Yau had breached his employment contract by
revealing the restructuring plans to Mr Foo lacked substance and must be
dismissed.

241 As for the allegation of misuse of confidential information, the
plaintiffs asserted that Mr Yau’s contract imposed a duty on him not to use or
disclose any confidential information to any third party. They pleaded that he
was intimately familiar with the details of Walton’s business “at the highest
level” and that his possession of extremely valuable and sensitive information
about their plans, competitive strategies and clients gave him a significant
advantage when handling the competing business that he had intended to set up.
They further pleaded that in attempting to solicit the sales teams of Walton
Singapore and Walton Malaysia to join him, Mr Yau intended to gain access to
their clients’ identities and financial positions for the purpose of his new
business. The plaintiffs claimed that Mr Yau did not succeed in using the
confidential information because they commenced proceedings against him. The
problem with the plaintiffs’ case was that it was not proven that Mr Yau had
solicited their staff to join his new company. Furthermore, none of the retail
sales staff who left Walton Singapore or Walton Malaysia, including senior
staff such as Ms Loh and ex-DM Chong, joined Mr Yau’s business and there was
no evidence that he had attempted to use any of the plaintiffs’ confidential
information. As such, the issue of breach of confidence or misuse of
confidential information by Mr Yau need not be further considered.

242 For completeness, it may also be noted that the plaintiffs also complained
that Mr Yau was in breach when he tried to discourage Mr Foo from accepting
the proposed promotion but their witnesses furnished far too many versions of
this incident to merit any serious consideration of the allegation.

243 In the case of Mr Iseli, there was no serious attempt to show that he
misused confidential information or that there was a breach of confidence. As
such, these issues need not be considered in relation to him.

The Alleged Conspiracy

244 In view of my findings, the plaintiffs’ allegation of conspiracy on the
part of the defendants really has no leg to stand on. Even so, it will be
referred to briefly. The plaintiffs’ case was summed up at para 1093 of their
closing submissions as follows:

Yau and Iseli acted in concert to propagate the Corporatisation Allegations.
There was clearly an agreement between them to propagate the Corporatisation
Allegations and solicit the Plaintiffs’ employees as can be seen from the
lunches, dinners and meetings through which Iseli arranged for Yau to meet the
Plaintiffs’ employees, and to give Yau access to them. Both of them propagated
the Corporatisation Allegations and solicited the Plaintiffs’ sales staff
pursuant to such agreement.

245 What constitutes a conspiracy was explained in _Seagate Technology Pte Ltd
and another v Goh Han Kim_ [1994] 3 SLR(R) 836 by the Court of Appeal (at
[15]) as follows:

The essence of conspiracy is an agreement, and the question is whether the
appellants had proved that there was in existence an agreement or at least
some arrangement ... and a high degree of proof is required.

246 Admittedly, it is often difficult to prove the existence of a conspiracy
and one must be mindful of the following words of Chao Hick Tin JA in _Asian
Corporate Services (SEA) Pte Ltd v Eastwest Management Ltd (Singapore Branch)_
[2006] 1 SLR(R) 901 (at [19]) that it is not often that the victim of a
conspiracy has direct evidence to prove the allegation and that proof of
conspiracy is normally inferred from other objective facts. He approved of the
following passage from _R v Siracusa_ (1990) 90 Cr App R 340 at 349:

[T]he origins of all conspiracies are concealed and it is usually quite
impossible to establish when or where the initial agreement was made, or when
or where other conspirators were recruited. The very existence of the
agreement can only be inferred from overt acts.

247 Although the plaintiffs contended that the defendants had conspired
against them by lawful and unlawful means, they did not even begin to prove
the existence of any agreement between Mr Yau and Mr Iseli to harm them.

248 The plaintiffs hired four private investigation firms in Singapore and
Malaysia. In Singapore, the plaintiffs hired two private investigation
companies, Sterling Response Pte Ltd and Goldeneye Investigation and Security
Services. In Malaysia, Walton Malaysia engaged two private investigation
companies, namely Armoured Protection & Investigation Services Sdn Bhd and
Commercial Intelligence Services Sdn Bhd. According to Mr Britton, the
investigators had been called in “to find out if there was collusion going on,
to find out if there was a plan to steal our people away”.[note: 118] All of
them found no evidence of a conspiracy. Mr Britton admitted that there was
nothing in the reports furnished by all these investigators to support the
allegations against the defendants or else the evidence would have been
presented to the court.[note: 119]

249 Mr Yau’s counsel, Mr Tan, submitted that as conspiracy was an issue that
formed the crux of the plaintiffs’ case, the fact that the defendants had not
been asked probing questions about the alleged conspiracy was fatal to the
allegation of conspiracy. In fact, in relation to the lunch and dinner in
Singapore, which was the foundation of the plaintiffs’ allegation of
solicitation of their Singapore DMs, Walton Singapore’s then Managing
Director, Mr Foo, conceded that there was no evidence of a conspiracy as he
testified that in the course of the investigations prior to the sacking of Ms
Loh, there was no evidence to suggest that the lunch and dinner had been
organised pursuant to an agreement between Mr Yau and Mr Iseli. Furthermore,
Mr Doherty agreed that in the AEICs of his witnesses, DM Yao and DM Ong, the
only reference to Mr Iseli in relation to the lunch and dinner was that he was
present and neither of these two DMs had alleged that Mr Yau and Mr Iseli were
involved in a conspiracy.[note: 120]

250 In view of the aforesaid and my earlier findings in relation to
solicitation as well as other allegations by the plaintiffs, I dismiss the
allegation of conspiracy on the part of Mr Yau and Mr Iseli.

No proof of loss caused by the Defendants

251 As I have found that the plaintiffs did not prove their case against the
defendants, the question of computation of damages does not arise. Even so, it
may be pointed out that had the plaintiffs succeeded in their claim, they had
not proven their loss.

252 As the trial was not bifurcated, it was imperative that the plaintiffs
prove their alleged losses at the trial. The plaintiffs claimed the following
as damages:

(a)

Between US$10.4 million to US$15.3 million for loss of profits from lost
retail sales allegedly suffered by Walton Malaysia; and

(b)

US$4.01 million for costs and expenses allegedly incurred to deal with the
alleged unlawful acts of the defendants and Ms Loh.

253 Many aspects of the plaintiffs’ claim for damages and for expenses
allegedly incurred to deal with the defendants’ wrongful acts cannot be taken
too seriously. For instance, the plaintiffs claimed the costs incurred by
private investigators hired by them although nothing had been uncovered to
show that the defendants had conspired to undermine the plaintiffs’ interest.

254 The main part of the plaintiffs’ claim for damages is in relation to the
loss allegedly caused to Walton Malaysia by the defendants in 2008. The
plaintiffs’ expert, Mr Tam from Deloitte, computed Walton Malaysia’s losses on
the following specified assumptions:

(i)there is a correlation between the sales performance of Walton Singapore
and Walton Malaysia;

(ii)the performance of these two companies must be the same in 2008;

(iii)there was no significant reduction in Walton Malaysia’s retail staff
strength; and

(iv)there were no other factors contributing to Walton Malaysia’s poor
performance in 2008.

All these assumptions were fundamentally flawed.

Alleged correlation between performance of the two companies

255 According to the Deloitte report, there was a correlation between the
performance of Walton Malaysia and Walton Singapore for 3 years, between 2005
and 2007. It noted that retail sales in Singapore continued to record positive
growth in 2008 and the revenues increased by 33.2% to US$104.9 million.
However, retail sales in Malaysia declined significantly by 38.6% to only
US$36.4 million. Based on the assumptions in the Deloitte report, Walton
Malaysia claimed to have suffered losses amounting to US$10.4 million to
US$15.3 million and also sought damages for loss of time, costs and expenses
incurred to counter the alleged machinations of the defendants there and in
Singapore.

256 The defendants’ two expert witnesses, Mr Tay from KPMG and Dr Chan from La
Trobe University, did not see why an assumption should be made that Walton
Malaysia’s performance in 2008 must match that of Walton Singapore. Mr Tay
said that that any attempt to quantify Walton Malaysia’s alleged loss in 2008
purely or largely on the basis of the sales of Walton Singapore and Walton
Malaysia from January 2005 to December 2007 was necessarily speculative. He
stated in his report at para 6.1.1:

[I] do not believe that the method adopted in [Deloitte’s report] established
a loss as alleged by the Plaintiffs or that the method used … is useful for
quantification of any such loss for the following main reasons:

.The completeness, existence and accuracy of the data provided by the
Plaintiffs are open to question.

.The basis of the Purported Correlation is questionable as Walton Malaysia’s
and Walton Singapore’s businesses do not appear to align during the 2005 to
2008 period.

.There is insufficient evidence to conclude that a causal relationship exists
for the Purported Correlation and therefore no reason to conclude that they
should have correlated in 2008.

.It appears from the ING “Investor Dashboard” Reports that investor sentiment
in Malaysia during the second and third quarters of 2008 was broadly negative
and appeared to be moving towards meeting personal expenditure, keeping cash
and deposits and making investments locally rather than abroad.

.The reduction by 12% in the average number of sales consultants during the
period from 2007 to 2008 in Walton Malaysia as opposed to an increase of 4% in
Walton Singapore during the same period.

257 Dr Chan said that it was naive to suggest that the magnitude of
correlation between the sales figures of Walton Singapore and Walton Malaysia
had been maintained throughout the entire period chosen by Deloitte. He also
lambasted the biased selection by Deloitte of the years of alleged
correlation. Furthermore, he said that a model with relevant predictors may
not necessarily correspond to a “correct model”, such that cause and effect
may be established. He testified as follows:

Now I think it’s over simplistic to base a judgment on the Singapore sales. We
should look at other factors which are relevant to this analysis. We should
look at the economic social conditions in Malaysia before we can make a good
judgment, otherwise my impression from [the Deloitte report] is that the
conclusion is very hasty, a lot of details were not provided, and it’s … a
very simple tool and in this case, I don’t think it’s sufficient to provide
the evidence to suggest that … the drop in Malaysian sales was caused by the
factors that were discussed in the report….

258 As has been mentioned, although the plaintiffs accused Mr Yau of
undermining both Walton Singapore and Walton Malaysia in 2008, Walton
Singapore made record profits in that year while Walton Malaysia did not match
Walton Singapore’s sterling performance. If Mr Yau had wanted to sabotage the
plaintiffs, it is more likely than not that his efforts would be more
successful in Singapore than in Malaysia. That his influence is greater in
Singapore was conceded by Mr Doherty, who, when questioned about the effect of
Mr Yau’s resignation, stated as follows:[note: 121]

QDid you think that the resignation of [Mr Yau], Walton’s number one person in
Asia would have an impact on the people working under him?

A _Specifically in Singapore, yes_.

Q _Malaysia_?

A _Maybe_.

QWhy maybe because he was not so close with Malaysia?

AFrom my perspective, … _I definitely felt that there would be an impact on
Singapore. No, I’m not so certain that [Mr Yau’s] impact in Malaysia was as
significant …_.

Q _And that was because his influence over the Singapore team whom he works
with closely would be far greater?_

A _Yes, he resides here, he’s Singaporean_.

[emphasis added]

259 Despite Mr Doherty’s downplaying of Mr Yau’s influence in Malaysia, the
plaintiffs wanted to hold him responsible for the poor performance of Walton
Malaysia in 2008. This does not make sense.

The significant reduction in Walton Malaysia’s sales consultants

260 The second false assumption in the Deloitte report was that there was “no
significant reduction” in the number of sales consultants in 2008. Mr Tam was
not informed that in that year, Walton Malaysia sacked 300 of its retail sales
staff and replaced only half of them. Furthermore, key staff, namely Mr Murali
and Mr Iseli, left the company. A number of other senior sales people were
suspended or sacked for alleged disloyalty to the plaintiffs in their battle
with the defendants.

261 Walton Malaysia’s Mr Razak testified that one of the main reasons for his
company’s fall in productivity was that the retail sales division had lost a
large number of its leaders. He was honest enough to accept that the company’s
own actions could have adversely affected Walton Malaysia’s revenue as he
testified[note: 122] as follows:

Q[W]ith so many things happening over a period of a year, there were a lot of
things done independent of [Mr Iseli] and [Mr Yau], right?

ARight.

QSo you _cannot be sure what impact these independent actions that were taken
by the company had on the morale and revenue_ of Walton Malaysia; am I
correct?

A _Correct_.

[emphasis added]

262 Mr Murali testified that his resignation from Walton Malaysia as well as
the resignations of Mr Yau and Mr Dirk Foo adversely affected the company’s
revenue in 2008, possibly in a “significant” way.[note: 123] When cross-
examined Mr Baukol also conceded[note: 124] that the sacking of Mr Iseli and
other Malaysian DMs would have resulted in a drop in the profits of Walton
Malaysia.

263 Mr Doherty admitted that he did not know whether his company was
suggesting that the termination of the 300 sales staff of Walton Malaysia was
due to the defendants’ wrongdoing. He testified[note: 125] is as follows:

Q[A]re the plaintiffs suggesting that the termination of these 300 managers
was the result of malicious rumours spread by [Mr Yau] and/or [Mr Iseli]?

A _I don’t know_ , your Honour….

QSo how does one tell whether the loss in revenue for Malaysia was the result
of these rumours.

A _Well … I would first and foremost, deflect to our expert – expert
testimony_. But first and foremost, I just look at the significant drop in
revenues on a year-to-year basis. In my simple world, that’s what I look at,
your Honour.

QMr Doherty, the world is not that simple especially when you come and claim
US$15 million from my clients. Mr Razak says that you had to terminate 300
managers and representatives since April 2008. _Can you tell me how many of
these were terminated independent of rumours or malicious falsehood by Mr
Yau?_

A _I have no idea_ , your Honour.

[emphasis added]

264 Mr Tam agreed that the reduction in the retail sales staff was a factor
that should be taken into account when considering the drop in Walton
Malaysia’s profits. If Mr Doherty did not know how many of the 300 sales staff
who been sacked had nothing to do with the defendants, and no one else shed
any light on this matter, the plaintiffs have themselves to blame for
undermining the integrity of the conclusions in the Deloitte report.

Other factors that affected Walton Malaysia’s performance in 2008

265 Apart from the significant reduction in the number of retail sales staff
in 2008, there were other factors that could have adversely affected Walton
Malaysia’s revenue in that year. In this regard, the following concessions by
Mr Doherty[note: 126] are very telling:

QHow many of [Walton’s staff] were terminated because the company had to
restructure because of the sub-prime crisis?

A _I don’t know…_.

QHow many of them had to leave because of the problems that arose from Lehman?

A.… _I don’t know, your Honour_.

QIn other words, you wouldn’t know how many had to leave on account of what
you say were the malicious rumours.

A _I don’t know how many had to leave because of the malicious rumours…_

[emphasis added]

266 Mr Britton also accepted that other factors could have caused a decline in
Walton Malaysia’s revenue in 2008 as he testified: [note: 127]

QWould the sales also be affected by adverse political climate in Malaysia? …
Where there is a leadership tussle within a ruling party or between a ruling
party and an opposition party …; do you agree?

A _It’s possible_.

QDo you also agree that the financial meltdown may have different impact on
different countries?

AYour Honour, _it’s possible_.

QWould the fact that Walton Malaysia has been the subject of investigation by
Bank Negara be also something that would affect your sales?

A _It’s possible that that can affect sales…_.

QWould [the investigation] also affect the morale of your sales staff?

A _It’s possible that can affect morale_.

[emphasis added]

267 The plaintiffs asserted that the defendants did not prove a link between
the “other” factors and their alleged loss. However, it is for the plaintiffs
to prove their loss. Mr Tam agreed that he should been told about the other
independent factors that could have affected the morale and productivity of
Walton Malaysia’s staff in 2008.[note: 128] He also accepted that if there
were other causes for the drop in that company’s profits, he could not
determine the contribution of the defendants’ alleged wrongful acts to the
drop in profits. He testified as follows:[note: 129]

QNow that I have highlighted to you various other factors that could possibly
affect the revenue in Malaysia, do you accept that it would not be appropriate
to attribute the entire drop in revenue in Malaysia to what you had been told
as the rumours being spread by[Mr Iseli] and [Mr Yau]?

AYeah, I agree .... depending on the various factors and how important and
what is the impact. I agree that it may not necessarily be 100 per cent to [Mr
Yau] and [Mr Iseli].

QIt may not be 100 per cent, _but it’s also impossible to attribute any
percentage, which you agreed with over lunch?_

A.... _Whether one can attribute, it’s a judgment call, but I’m not in a
position to attribute_.

[emphasis added]

Conclusion on computation of damages

268 I find that in the light of the views of the defendants’ expert witnesses
and the fact that Deloitte had been furnished with inadequate and misleading
information on Walton Malaysia’s performance in 2008, the Deloitte report
cannot be relied on to determine the cause of Walton Malaysia’s poor
performance in that year.

Overall Conclusion and Costs

269 As the plaintiffs failed to prove their case against the defendants, their
claims are dismissed with costs.

270 Before concluding, I would like to thank Ms Rajah, Mr Tan and Mr Looi, as
well as their legal teams, for the assistance rendered to the court throughout
the long trial and for their very comprehensive and helpful closing
submissions.

* * *

[note: 1]AEIC of Mr William Kevin Doherty, para 25.

[note: 2]Certified Transcript (“CT”), 28 July 2009, p 85.

[note: 3]CT, 20 October 2009, pp 39-40 and pp 45-46.

[note: 4]CT, 22 October 2009, p 54.

[note: 5]CT, 21 October 2009, p 29.

[note: 6]CT, 1 July 2010, p 104.

[note: 7]CT, 21 October 2009, p 69.

[note: 8]CT, 22 October 2009, p 50.

[note: 9]CT, 29 July 2009, p 15.

[note: 10]CT, 29 July 2009, p 21.

[note: 11]CT, 20 October 2009, p 107.

[note: 12]CT, 22 October 2009, p 35.

[note: 13]CT, 22 October 2009, p 53.

[note: 14]CT, 21 October 2009, p 37.

[note: 15]CT, 21 October 2009, p 36.

[note: 16]CT, 21 October 2009, pp 71-72.

[note: 17]CT, 21 October 2009, p 36.

[note: 18]CT, 21 October 2009, pp 27-28.

[note: 19]CT, 22 October 2009, p 27.

[note: 20]CT, 22 October 2009, p 55.

[note: 21]CT, 21 October 2009, p 28.

[note: 22]_Ibid_.

[note: 23]CT, 21 October 2009, p 38.

[note: 24]AEIC (at para 38).

[note: 25]CT, 21 October 2009, pp 24-25.

[note: 26]CT, 21 October 2009, pp 32 and 38.

[note: 27]CT, 22 October 2009, pp 58-59.

[note: 28]CT, 22 October 2009, pp 48-49.

[note: 29]CT, 22 October 2009, p 44.

[note: 30]CT, 22 October 2009, p 48.

[note: 31]CT, 22 October 2009, p 18.

[note: 32]AEIC of Ms Sharon Loh Pui-Pui (at para 50).

[note: 33]CT, 21 October 2009, p 83.

[note: 34]CT, 22 October 2009, p 53.

[note: 35]CT, 21 October 2009, p 92.

[note: 36]CT, 15 October 2009, pp 61-63.

[note: 37]CT, 15 October 2009, p 65.

[note: 38]CT, 15 October 2009, p 56

[note: 39]CT, 29 July 2009, p 19.

[note: 40]CT, 5 October 2009, p 8.

[note: 41]CT, 15 October 2009, p 63.

[note: 42]CT, 22 April 2010, p 34.

[note: 43]CT, 31 March 2010, p 33.

[note: 44]CT, 6 October 2009, p 28.

[note: 45]CT, 20 October 2009, p 107.

[note: 46]CT, 19 October 2009, pp 44-46.

[note: 47]CT, 19 October 2009, p 43.

[note: 48]CT, 19 October 2009, p 46.

[note: 49]CT, 21 October 2009, pp 55-56.

[note: 50]CT, 15 October 2009, p 95.

[note: 51]CT, 6 October 2009, p 36.

[note: 52]CT, 20 April 2010, p 2.

[note: 53]CT, 20 April 2010, p 1.

[note: 54]CT, 21 April 2010, p 36.

[note: 55]CT, 19 April 2010, p 102.

[note: 56]CT, 19 April 2010, pp 85-86.

[note: 57]CT, 22 April 2010, p 33.

[note: 58]CT, 19 April 2010, p 7.

[note: 59]CT, 20 April 2010, p 21.

[note: 60]CT, 19 April 2010, p 91.

[note: 61]CT, 19 April 2010, p 94.

[note: 62]CT, 20 April 2010, pp 11-12.

[note: 63]CT, 19 April 2010, p 96.

[note: 64]CT, 19 April 2010, p 97.

[note: 65]CT, 12 April 2010, p 122.

[note: 66]CT, 12 April 2010, p 112.

[note: 67]CT, 15 April 2010, p 76.

[note: 68]CT, 15 April 2010, p 75.

[note: 69]CT, 15 April 2010, p 110.

[note: 70]CT, 20 October 2009, p 18.

[note: 71]CT, 5 October 2009, p 51.

[note: 72]CT, 19 April 2010, p 86.

[note: 73]CT, 5 April 2010, p112.

[note: 74]CT, 5 April 2010, p 113.

[note: 75]CT, 13 April 2010, pp 58 and 61.

[note: 76]CT, 13 April 2010, p 53.

[note: 77]CT, 7 April 2010, p 104.

[note: 78]CT, 7 April 2010, p 55.

[note: 79]CT, 7 April 2010, pp 66-67.

[note: 80]CT, 7 April 2010, p 87.

[note: 81]CT, 7 April 2010, p 96 –97.

[note: 82]5 April 2010, p 41.

[note: 83]5 April 2010, pp 36-37.

[note: 84]CT, 19 April 2010, p 111.

[note: 85]CT, 20 April 2010, pp 30-31.

[note: 86]CT, 20 April 2010, pp 43-44.

[note: 87]CT, 6 July 2010, p 7.

[note: 88]CT, 13 April 2010, p 29.

[note: 89]CT, 13 April 2010, pp 89-90.

[note: 90]CT, 29 July 2009, p 37.

[note: 91]CT, 28 July 2009.

[note: 92]CT, 21 October 2009, p 97.

[note: 93]CT, 8 October 2009, p 78.

[note: 94]CT, 6 October 2009, pp 36–37.

[note: 95]CT, 8 April 2010, p 80.

[note: 96]CT, 30 July 2009, p 6.

[note: 97]AEIC of DM Ong, paras 19-21.

[note: 98]AEIC of DM Ann, paras 23-25.

[note: 99]CT, 22 October 2009, p 64.

[note: 100]CT, 30 March 2010, p 57.

[note: 101]CT, 5 April 2010, p 44.

[note: 102]CT, 22 October 2009, p 18.

[note: 103]CT, 28 July 2009, pp 21-22.

[note: 104]CT, 8 April 2010, p 88.

[note: 105]CT, 19 April 2010, p 114.

[note: 106]CT, 29 July 2009, p 28.

[note: 107]CT, 29 July 2009, p 16.

[note: 108]CT, 29 July 2009, pp 61-62.

[note: 109]CT, 29 July 2009, pp 63-64.

[note: 110]CT, 22 October 2009, p 20.

[note: 111]CT, 20 April 2010, pp 49-52.

[note: 112]CT, 27 July 2009, p 34.

[note: 113]CT, 19 April 2010, p 102.

[note: 114]CT, 6 October 2009, pp 66-67.

[note: 115]CT, 22 April 2010, p 18.

[note: 116]CT, 7 April 2010, p 96 –98.

[note: 117]CT, 20 October 2009, pp 76-77.

[note: 118]CT, 12 October 2009, p 14.

[note: 119]CT, 12 October 2009, p 17.

[note: 120]CT, 30 July 2009, p 73.

[note: 121]CT, 28 July 2009, pp 23-24.

[note: 122]CT, 19 April 2010, p 115.

[note: 123]CT, 5 April 2010, pp 92-93.

[note: 124]CT, 9 October 2009, p 20.

[note: 125]CT, 28 July 2009, pp 20–21.

[note: 126]CT, 28 July 2009, pp 21-22.

[note: 127]CT, 13 October 2009, pp 63-64.

[note: 128]CT, 23 April 2010, pp 92-93.

[note: 129]CT, 23 April 2010, pp 86-87.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 03 Jun 2011 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

