Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Tan Teck Boon _v_ Lee Gim Siong and others  
[2011] SGHC 169

Case Number| :| Suit No 563 of 2009/S (Registrar's Appeal No 115 of 2011/R)  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 14 July 2011  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Lai Siu Chiu J  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Joseph Chia (J Chia Associates) for the plaintiff;
Patrick Yeo and Lim Hui Ying (KhattarWong) for the 1st defendant; Shelly Lim
(M Rama Law Corporation) for the 2nd and 3rd defendants.  
Parties| :|  Tan Teck Boon — Lee Gim Siong and others  
  
14 July 2011| Judgment reserved  
---|---  
  
Lai Siu Chiu J:

Introduction

1 This was an appeal to a judge in chambers in Registrar’s Appeal No 115 of
2011 (“the Appeal”) by the first to third defendants _viz_ Lee Gim Siong, Oh
Geok Chuan and Richland Logistics Services Pte Ltd respectively (“the
Appellants”) against the award of damages made by an Assistant Registrar (“the
AR”) in favour of Tan Teck Boon (“the plaintiff”). The AR had on 31 March 2011
awarded damages to the plaintiff for:

(a)

pain and suffering -- $55,000;

(b)

future medical expenses -- $10,800;

(c)

future transport expenses -- $400;

(d)

loss of future earnings -- $214,613;

(e)

loss of earning capacity -- $30,000;

(f)

pre-trial loss of earnings -- $117,271;

(g)

pre-trial costs for nursing and care -- $12,400;

(h)

pre-trial medical expenses (agreed) -- $8,203;

(i)

pre-trial transport expenses (agreed) -- $1,911.30.

2 The Appellants appealed to reverse or reduce the damages awarded for:-

(a)

loss of future earnings ($214,613);

(b)

loss of earning capacity ($30,000); and

(c)

loss of pre-trial earnings ($117,271).

3 The other damages awarded by the AR (which totalled $88,714.30) were not
disputed and partial payments were made to the plaintiff in two tranches on 14
August 2009 and on 27 October 2010 respectively.

The facts

The background

4 The plaintiff’s injuries stemmed from a traffic accident with the Appellants
on 26 December 2006 which involved the plaintiff’s motor vehicle and the
vehicles driven by the first and second defendants. The plaintiff sued for his
injuries which included fractures to his right thigh bone, right forearm and
left wrist. On 14 December 2009, interlocutory judgment by consent was entered
for the plaintiff against the Appellants in the proportion of 90% and 10% for
the first defendant and jointly against the second/third defendants
respectively.

The undisputed facts regarding the plaintiff

5 The plaintiff was born in 1977 and was 33 years of age at the date of
assessment. He was/is the sole-proprietor of Tom Express which is a courier
business. Under a “DHL Owner Operator Agreement” made with DHL Express
(Singapore) Pte Ltd (“DHL”), Tom Express provided express transport services
for DHL over certain routes (“the DHL Agreement”). The DHL Agreement was given
to ex-employees of DHL to run their own business of delivering goods and
documents for DHL. The plaintiff started operating Tom Express in September
2005 and he _personally_ carried out courier assignments in the Changi South
Lane and Bedok North areas. He also paid one Ahmadkalil Bin Mohamed
(“Ahmadkalil”) to carry out courier assignments within the Tampines Central
area.

6 The plaintiff would occasionally rely on a company called i.Logistics Pte
Ltd if he or Ahmadkalil were not available to complete the assigned jobs.
After the accident in December 2006, the plaintiff was unable to personally
make courier deliveries and took on what the Appellants described as a “more
managerial role in the business”.

7 It was not disputed that the plaintiff’s business had grown and he was
earning more than he did before the accident. From his tax returns, it was not
disputed that the profits earned by Tom Express was the plaintiff’s only
source of income. The table below tabulates the net profit of Tom Express over
the last 5 years:

Year |  Full-Time Workers |  Part-time/ad hoc services |  Profit  
---|---|---|---  
2005 (Sept to Dec) |  Plaintiff Ahmadkalil |  i.Logistics Pte Ltd |  Gross profit: $37,278 Business expenses: $28,446 **Net profit: $8,832**  
2006 (Accident happened in Dec) |  Plaintiff Ahmadkalil |  i.Logistics Pte Ltd Tay Buah Poh |  Gross profit: $131,929 Business expenses: $89,356 **Net profit: $42,573**  
2007 |  Ahmadkalil Neo Say Seong |  Tay Buah Poh i.Supplies Pte Ltd |  Gross profit: $161,118 Business expenses: $117,850 **Net profit: $43,268**  
2008 |  Ahmadkalil Neo Say Seong Gomes Jason Rene (“Gomes”) |  i.Supplies Pte Ltd |  Gross profit: $201,974 Business expenses: $149,390 **Net profit: $52,584**  
2009 |  Ahmadkalil Neo Say Seong Gomes |  i.Supplies Pte Ltd |  Gross profit: $214,974 Business expenses: $161,209 **Net profit: $53,765**  
  
  

The disputed facts regarding the extent of the plaintiff’s recovery

8 The injuries suffered by the plaintiff were not disputed. The medical report
of his treating doctor, David Paul Bell (“Dr Bell”), dated 27 March 2009,
stated that the plaintiff underwent surgery for the following injuries:-

(a)

closed fracture of the shaft of the right femur;

(b)

closed fracture of the right ulna; and

(c)

closed fracture of the left distal radius.

The AR noted (at [3] of her Grounds of Decision [the GD”]) that the plaintiff
was discharged from hospital on 3 January 2007 but had two further surgeries
for revision of fixation and bone grafting on 22 February 2007 and 3 October
2007.

9 The plaintiff was given hospitalisation leave continuously from 26 December
2006 to 14 September 2010. Besides several surgical scars on his right
forearm, left wrist, both hips and right knee caps, the plaintiff suffered
residual pain in his right groin (also referred to as his right inner thigh)
and left wrist. His right leg was also shortened by 1cm.

10 The dispute between the parties centred on the _extent_ of the plaintiff’s
recovery from his injuries. The Appellants argued that the plaintiff may need
to rely on pain medication intermittently, but he had recovered uneventfully
from his injuries and _could return to courier work even though he may require
assistance to carry heavy loads_. The plaintiff’s position was that the pain
in his right thigh _prevented him from continuing to personally carry out
courier assignments_. The AR (at [7] of her GD) preferred the opinion of the
plaintiff’s two experts and agreed that he could no longer carry out courier
assignments personally. The Appellants did not appeal against this finding and
it was on the basis that the plaintiff could no longer carry out courier
assignments personally that the loss of pre-trial earnings, loss of future
earnings and loss of earning capacity were assessed.

The decision below

(i) Loss of pre-trial earnings

11 The AR in her GD, citing _Chai Kang Wei Samuel v Shaw Linda Gillian_ [2010]
3 SLR 587 at [29] (“ _Chai Kang Wei Samuel_ ”), did not find it necessary for
the plaintiff to prove his business had suffered loss after his accident in
order for him to claim pre-trial loss of earnings. She found that if the
accident had not happened, the plaintiff would have continued to personally
carry out deliveries and would not have needed to pay others to cover his
courier work. In order to put him in the position he had been before the
accident, the AR held that the plaintiff should be compensated for the cost of
paying someone to do his work. The AR then rejected the Appellants’ argument
that the plaintiff was not entitled to a claim for loss of earnings because
the profitability of his business increased.

12 The plaintiff claimed a total of $146,661 for loss of pre-trial earnings -
$117,271 paid to Neo Say Seong (“Neo”) and $29,390 paid to i.Supplies Pte Ltd
(“i.Supplies”) to carry out courier assignments on his behalf from January
2007 to October 2010. The AR only allowed the plaintiff to recover the sum
($117,271) paid to Neo. The AR found that on the evidence i.Supplies was hired
only when Neo was unable to carry out deliveries and the plaintiff had
conceded that even before the accident, he would hire someone else to take on
his duties during the times he could not report for work. The AR found it
unbelievable that the plaintiff would have “singlehandedly” been able to do
all the work Neo and i.Supplies did (see [41] of the GD).

(ii) Loss of future earnings

13 The AR rejected the Appellants’ submission that the plaintiff did not
suffer any drop in his assessable income since his income increased after the
accident. The AR stressed again that “what was important was that but for the
accident, the plaintiff could have earned even more by carrying out courier
assignments himself rather than paying Neo to do so on his behalf” ([44] of
the GD).

14 The AR also rejected the Appellants’ submission that the plaintiff could
still personally deliver the goods, albeit at a slightly reduced capacity with
light loads. The AR found that an award of loss of future earnings appropriate
because there was sufficient evidence before her to fix a multiplier and
multiplicand.

15 The AR awarded $214,613 for the loss of future earnings using as the
multiplicand, the average of Neo’s annual pay in 2008 and 2009 _viz_ $30,659.
For the multiplier, the AR found that “[b]ut for the uncertainties introduced
by the accident, there was every indication that the plaintiff would continue
as a contractor for DHL using Tom Express” (GD at [50]). The AR found that the
plaintiff’s age (33) was not the only factor to be taken into account because
as a sole-proprietor of a business, there was no fixed retirement age. The AR
also found that the “profit and loss statements of Tom Express showed that the
costs of the business were high, with certain items of expense appearing
obviously inflated and not supported by any documentary evidence” (GD at
[50]). The AR reduced the plaintiff’s multiplier of 15 to 7.

(iii) Loss of earning capacity

16 The AR was satisfied that loss of earning capacity could also be awarded in
this case – based on the evidence, there was a real risk that the plaintiff,
because of his injuries, could lose his contract with DHL before the estimated
end of his working life. The contract with DHL was Tom Express’ sole business.
If Tom Express lost that contract, the plaintiff’s ability to compete in the
labour market would certainly be diminished whether he chose to continue
running Tom Express and seek alternative sources of business, or look for a
different job. The AR noted that because of the plaintiff’s inability to
personally carry out courier assignments, Tom Express would naturally have
higher costs than its competitors because it would always have to pay for one
additional courier. The plaintiff would suffer from having little opportunity
for physical contact with his customers. The plaintiff was also disadvantaged
by being limited to sedentary occupations and having only primary school
qualifications. The AR gave a lump sum award of $30,000 for the plaintiff’s
loss of earning capacity.

The issues in the Appeal

17 Broadly, did the AR err in law or fact in her awards for:-

(a)

loss of pre-trial earnings;

(b)

loss of future earnings; and

(c)

loss of earning capacity?

Principles applicable to appeals on assessment of damages

18 The Court of Appeal in _Singapore Airlines Ltd v Tan Shwu Leng_ [2001] 3
SLR(R) 439 made it clear that the judge was not constrained by the principles
set out in _Davies v Powell Duffryn Associated Colleries_ [1942] AC 601 when
considering an appeal on assessment of damages in a Registrar’s Appeal. The
Court of Appeal held at [17] that all appeals from a Registrar to a judge in
chambers were dealt with by an actual rehearing of the application and the
judge was entitled to treat the matter as if it came before him or her for the
first time.

(i) Did the AR err in law or fact in her award for loss of pre-trial earnings?

19 The assessment was conducted by the AR over 6 days - 1 to 3 November 2010,
3 to 4 January 2011 and 6 January 2011. Pre-trial loss of earnings is an item
of special damages and needs to be specifically proven to be recoverable (_Wee
Sia Tian v Long Thik Boon_ [1996] 3 SLR(R) 513 at 517F). The critical question
to answer is, was the plaintiff’s cost of hiring a replacement to cover his
courier assignments from the time of his accident to the date of assessment a
real assessable loss proven by the evidence, notwithstanding that the
plaintiff’s business actually increased in profitability?

20 The Appellants argued that the plaintiff had failed to prove any real
assessable drop in earnings because his income actually increased during the
period between the time of accident and the date of assessment. The Appellants
disagreed that his earnings were affected by the sum total of what he paid an
extra worker to do on his behalf. The AR had rejected the Appellants’ argument
that loss of pre-trial earnings can only be calculated by comparing what the
plaintiff earned pre-accident and what he earned post-accident. The AR cited
the proposition in _Chai Kang Wei Samuel_ at [29] that:

The overarching objective of awarding damages is to _compensate_ the injured
victim by restoring him or her to the position that he or she would have been
(in a monetary sense) had the accident not happened.

(emphasis in original)

21 The Appellants had argued that this proposition was used in the context of
loss of future earnings and should not be applied for pre-trial loss of
earnings. This argument of the Appellants is flawed. While the proposition was
used in _Chai Kang Wei Samuel_ in the context of loss of future earnings, the
proposition being applied is clearly a _general_ principle embodying the
compensatory purpose of damages in personal injuries as stated by Lord
Blackburn in _Livingstone v Raywards Coal Co_ (1880) 5 App Cas 25 at 39:

…where any injury is to be compensated by damages, in settling the sum of
money to be given for reparation of damages **you should nearly as possible
get at that sum of money which will put the party who has been injured, or who
has suffered, in the same position as he would have been if he had not
sustained the wrong** for which he is now getting his compensation or
reparation.

(emphasis added)

22 In _Chai Kang Wei Samuel_ , the claimant’s post-accident income was
slightly more than her average yearly income pre-accident. However, the Court
of Appeal held at [28] that it would be wholly inequitable to hold that the
victim suffered no loss just because her post-accident income was slightly
more than her average yearly income pre-accident. The injury had affected the
number of hours the claimant was able to work and a more accurate reflection
of her loss was the actual number of hours she had worked before the accident
multiplied by the actual rate she was earning after the accident (since the
rate was normally higher with inflation and her greater experience).

23 In the present case, the AR held that to put the plaintiff in the position
he had been before the accident meant that he should be compensated for the
cost of paying someone to do his work, regardless of the increased
profitability of his business. For sole proprietorship cases, I am of the view
that the nature of the claimant’s job should be carefully examined. The AR’s
reasoning was based on her assumption that to place the plaintiff in the
position he was in before the accident, he should be compensated for having to
hire another driver to replace him in his driving role. However, the
difficulty in assessing the plaintiff’s damages was due to the fact that he
had _dual_ roles – acting both in a _managerial_ and _operational_ (_ie_
driving) capacity for Tom Express. The Appellants would not be wrong in
arguing that it is possible Tom Express became more profitable because the
plaintiff was focusing his energies more fully on his managerial role. The
problem with calculating loss of earnings and profits in a sole proprietorship
context is that there are many uncertain contingencies that will affect the
final profits of a business. These are valid concerns in assessing pre-trial
loss of earnings for the plaintiff.

24 The AR did not refer to other cases besides _Chai Kang Wei Samuel_ in her
analysis of pre-trial loss of earnings. Neither did the parties submit any
authorities with similar facts on point where the Court had awarded loss of
pre-trial earnings despite the victim’s business being more profitable. In
this regard, the English Court of Appeal case of _Phillips v Holliday & ANR_
[2001] EWCA Civ 1074 (“ _Phillips v Holliday_ ”) is particularly useful. In
_Phillips v Holliday_ , the claimant was awarded loss of pre-trial earnings
despite his business being more profitable. The claimant worked for a company
both administratively (as a contracts manager) and manually (painter and
decorator). The Court of Appeal treated the profits of the company as the
claimant’s own, as the company was owned fully by the claimant’s wife with the
wife also being the sole director of the company. Similar to our case, the
Court of Appeal found that the claimant’s injuries severely limited his
ability to carry out the manual work he used to be able to do for the company
as a painter and decorator and he could only carry out administrative work.
Most pertinently, the Court of Appeal held at [20] that:

… the fact that the claimant has made a success of the business as an
administrator and supervisor **does not mean either that he might not have
been more successful if able to do much of the manual work himself** …

[emphasis added].

25 The Court of Appeal also addressed another valid concern in our case at
[25] of:

**…the fact that the claimant had worked in a managerial capacity after the
accident. How then should that fact be reflected in this estimate of
damages?** One would think that if the claimant was able to spend more time on
the administration side of the business, and if the business as was suggested
by the claimant was growing, then profits would increase as in fact they did.

[emphasis added]

26 The Court of Appeal recognised that the inability of the claimant to carry
out the manual work that he used to do was _a loss_ even if the company had an
increase in profit at [30]:

The profits then picked up, **but if the company would be having to pay
painters to do the work the claimant could otherwise have done, it is likely
that the profitability was not as great as it should be**. If the figure of
£269 were made a net figure of say £200 [the evidence was that the claimant
was taking from the business a figure of around £269 immediately prior to the
accident] **and if a deduction is made in accordance with the figures shown in
the schedule to Mr Mould’s report (page 118) as those which he should have
earned as an administrator** , then on my calculation one reaches a figure of
£18,748 as the loss between accident and trial.

[emphasis added]

27 It is also important to consider how the Court of Appeal in _Phillips v
Holliday_ distinguished the case of _Ashcroft v Curtin_ [1971] 1 WLR 1731 (“
_Ashcroft v Curtin_ ”) at [30]:

This does not seem to me to be a case like _Ashcroft v Curtin_ [1971] 1 WLR
1731 CA in which the Court of Appeal felt driven to hold that the records of a
business were such that there was simply no basis for making a calculation.
This is a case where albeit it is difficult to make a calculation the starting
point is there and the court should strive to make a proper deduction in order
to reach an appropriate figure.

28 In _Ashcroft v Curtin_ , the claimant was a skilled engineer who carried a
successful business through a private company of which he was the active
managing director. The profits of the company had declined but the claimant
had failed to claim loss of profits owing to his disabilities because the
company’s accounts were unreliable. The Court of Appeal in _Ashcroft v Curtin_
had made an observation that may be helpful to the present case:

But I am very doubtful about the validity of this approach, **for if another
man had been engaged to do the plaintiff’s pre-accident work, it does not
follow that the profits would have gone down by the amount of his salary**. On
the contrary, I see the force of the observation of Mr. May that**, as no
other man was in fact engaged, it is irrelevant to consider what would have
happened if he had been** , so far from producing a drop in profitability, his
engagement might equally well have led to a realisation of the 10 per cent
increase which Mr. Boulter assumed would have enured but for the accident.

[emphasis added]

The _obiter dicta_ in _Ashcroft v Curtin_ suggests that the Court cannot
assume that the profits may go down by the amount of salary used to hire the
replacement for the pre-accident work, for the replacement may have cause the
business to be more profitable. However, what _Phillips v Holliday_ is stating
is that _even if the business becomes more profitable_ , the profits could
have been even greater if the claimant did not have to bear the additional
cost of hiring the replacement for doing the work he could have done himself.
To prevent over-compensation the Court of Appeal in _Phillips v Holliday_
would then consider the appropriate deduction for the value of the claimant’s
increased managerial role.

29 Therefore, although the claimant in _Phillips v Holliday_ did not claim for
the expense of hiring someone to paint on his own behalf as in our case, in
principle, the plaintiff can claim for the cost of paying someone to do his
work despite the increase profits earned by Tom Express. On closer examination
of the facts, the plaintiff had hospitalisation leave from the accident up to
14 September 2010 – he clearly could not physically carry out the courier
services he was contracted to do. He had to hire someone to deliver the goods
on his personal route to maintain the contract with DHL. I note that the
plaintiff’s contract with DHL in 2005 required him to provide two delivery men
to carry out the work while his current contract with DHL requires him to
employ at a minimum of 3 full time delivery men. However, Gee Say Liang
(“Gee”), the manager of DHL had clarified at the assessment hearing that the
decision to hire an extra driver and buy an extra van in 2008 was the
plaintiff’s and had nothing to do with DHL:

Q:Did DHL request the Plaintiff to top up his resources by hiring one extra
courier and buying one extra van or was this decision made by the Plaintiff on
his own? This is in 2008.

A:That decision was made by the Plaintiff but we sat down with him and we told
him that your area is growing, if you think you can handle the growth by just
maintaining 2 then that is fine, we are not forcing him to hire 1 extra man.
But if he keeps to 2 and he cannot manage the business then that would affect
his performance and the performance of the company. The decision was made by
him – not something we forced onto him.

30 On the evidence, I am of the view that the plaintiff has proven on a
balance of probabilities that he had hired Neo to replace him in his courier
assignments. The plaintiff had also testified that he had to hire a
replacement driver to prevent his contract with DHL from being terminated.
However, the AR was right in rejecting the plaintiff’s claim for the cost of
hiring i.Supplies as pre-trial loss of earning. If the principle is to
compensate the plaintiff for the cost of paying someone to do _his work_ , it
is only reasonable to compensate him for the cost of the driver he hired to
replace him. As the AR stated at GD [41], “[i]t seemed unbelievable that the
plaintiff would have single-handedly been able to do all the work that Neo and
i.Supplies did.”

31 Even if I accept the $117,271.00 cost of hiring Neo from the period of
accident to the date of assessment as pre-trial loss of earnings, the further
question that needs to be asked and that was asked in _Phillips v Holliday_ is
whether an appropriate deduction should be made for the fact that the
plaintiff could take on additional managerial duties after the accident. The
problem when the claimant used to occupy dual capacities
(administrative/managerial and operational/manual) is the Court is naturally
wary of over-compensating the claimant. In _Phillips v Holliday_ , the Court
of Appeal had data from which to deduct the appropriate amount for the
claimant’s administrative work. In our case, we do not have such data and the
plaintiff submitted that:

[he] did not make any significant contribution to his business as his primary
role prior to the accident was to be on the road and make the courier
deliveries. **His role post-accident did not evolve into anything more as
there was never any significant or regular managerial duties to perform**.

[emphasis added]

32 The evidence on record does provide support for the fact that the
plaintiff’s role post-accident did not evolve into substantial managerial
duties. His evidence was that he only needed to go back to the office to check
on matters 4-5 times a year:

Q:Am I correct to say that even though you had hospitalization leave up to 14
September 2010, and aside from the times you were in hospital for treatment,
you had been able to run your business from accident to date as manager of Tom
Express?

A:I can run the business but I have nothing to do. At times I would go back to
the office when there are complaints from customers. Where there is any
problem DHL will deal directly with staff who is in my office. But they would
prefer to deal directly with us than with my staff because they cannot
communicate very well. I will go back to the office 4-5 times a year to settle
the complaints. At other times I would go back to office to ensure things are
going well, about once a month. I am very worried and scared that I will lose
this agreement with DHL.

Neo, the plaintiff’s driver, also supported the plaintiff’s evidence that the
plaintiff only came to office a few times a year; Neo testified that:

Q:How many times a year?

A:[The Plaintiff] would come over whenever DHL holds meetings for contractors.
This would be about 3-4 times a year. He would buy the refreshments and bring
them over whenever there is such a meeting.

…

Q:In your daily work for Tom Express delivering for DHL, how often do you have
to communicate with the Plaintiff?

A:I do not have to communicate with him all the time. For e.g. where there are
certain things brought up during courier meetings that we have to let him know
I will update him.

…

Q:Based on what you said earlier, that the Plaintiff goes for 3-4 contractors’
meetings and sometimes he has instructions. How many times a year does he
convey instructions to you?

A:Twice.

Gee also testified that the plaintiff only had to attend monthly meetings with
DHL:

Q:You meet the Plaintiff 3-4 times a year?

A:More than that. We have monthly meetings at least once a month with all our
contractors. That is when we go through performance reviews with them. Monthly
meeting to find out if there are any issues in the company.

33 Tom Express was started only in 2005 and while the business had expanded
from 2 to 3 drivers and two lorries, the business is admittedly still small-
scale. In the circumstances, any additional value of the plaintiff’s
administrative work from the date of accident to the assessment would likely
be nominal. It would be fair to award him the sum of $117,271 as pre-trial
loss of earnings for the cost of hiring Neo without any deduction for
administrative work. Accordingly, I uphold the AR’s award for pre-trial loss
of earnings.

(ii) Did the AR err in law or fact in her award for loss of future earnings?

34 The AR’s reasoning for this award was similar to her reasoning for pre-
trial loss of earnings. At [44] of the GD, the AR said:

…what was important was that but for the accident, the Plaintiff could have
earned even more by carrying out courier assignments himself rather than
paying Neo to do so on his behalf. In my judgment, the Plaintiff was unlikely
to be able to return to carrying out courier assignments personally in the
near future and would continue to need to hire someone to cover him.

The AR also found that there was sufficient evidence before her to fix a
multiplier and multiplicand to award the Plaintiff loss of future earnings.

35 In _Phillips v Holliday_ , the Court of Appeal had also awarded loss of
future earnings to the claimant at [33]:

By being able to spend more time on administration and supervision it seems at
least that the business has improved from the pre-accident position. **It
might however have improved further if the claimant had been able to do more
manual work** and there is no doubt that if the business does not flourish the
claimant is at a serious disadvantage in the labour market. The claimant is
entitled to damages to reflect both aspects.

[emphasis added]

The Court of Appeal had also added at [34] that “[t]he next question is what
deduction should be made for the fact that _money will still be paid out to
the claimant albeit his role will be that of administrator_ and the manual
work that he can do will be much more limited”. Previously for pre-trial loss
of earnings, the concern was also that the claimant may be overcompensated if
there was no appropriate deduction for the value of the claimant’s increased
capacity for managerial work. It was noted that the Court of Appeal in
_Phillips v Holliday_ awarded a sum for loss of future earnings and loss of
earning capacity together, but it would be more appropriate to assess them
separately in this case.

36 I believe from her GD that the AR may have not fully considered the aspect
of deducting the value of the plaintiff’s increased managerial role after the
accident. For pre-trial loss of earnings, the evidence did show that the
plaintiff’s administrative work did not change substantially from what he
carried out pre-accident. However, in light of the fact that the plaintiff’s
business is expanding and increasing in profits, it would be unsafe to assume
that in future he will always be a full time driver for his company
concurrently with his increasing managerial role.

37 A number of local cases of claimants in sole proprietorships may provide
some guidance. In _Wong Kim Lan v Christie Kolandasamy_ [2004] SGDC 234 (“
_Wong Kim Lan_ ”), the District Court awarded a sole proprietor a sum of
$45,000 for loss of earning capacity. The sole proprietor designed jewellery
for manufacture within her own factories and recommended designs to customers.
The Court drew an adverse inference against the sole proprietor and held that
she had earned more after the accident because she failed to produce evidence
to prove her post-accident income. Although the sole proprietor hired more
designers to assist her in her work, she did not claim as in the present case
that she should be compensated for the additional cost of designers and
therefore there was also no evidence provided for this aspect. A key
distinguishing factor of _Wong Kim Lan_ from the present case is that the
business of the sole proprietor there was on a much larger scale than the
plaintiff’s -- her business had grown from 5 in Singapore and 200 in China to
10 in Singapore and 300 in China. _Wong Kim Lan_ would be a situation where it
was so clear that the claimant was more profitable in his or her managerial
role that the appropriate deduction of the claimant’s managerial work would
likely leave no claim left for loss of future earnings.

38 In _Koh Soon Pheng v Tan Kah Eng_ [2003] 2 SLR(R) 538 (“ _Koh Soon Pheng_
”), the High Court upheld an AR’s award of $180,000 for loss of earning
capacity to a 42 year old sole-proprietor who owned a motorcycle workshop and
whose specific skill was to repair large motorcycles with high capacity
engines. The High Court had upheld the AR’s award for loss of earning capacity
instead of loss of future earnings as the High Court had found that it was too
speculative to determine how well the claimant’s business would perform in
future. It is noteworthy that the Court stated at [17]:

**No doubt the plaintiff would earn a little less because he would have to
incur wages which would not have been payable had he remained able to do the
work on his own** , but this does not mean that the plaintiff’s business
cannot still be brought back to a profitable situation.

[emphasis added]

While the Court recognised the loss of earnings similar to the present case
when the claimant had to hire someone to do the work he used to do, no award
was made since the claimant there did not actually claim to have hired someone
to supplement his reduced working abilities. In _Koh Soon Pheng_ , the
business was also making losses.

39 In _Ang Leng Hock v Leo Ee Ah_ [2004] 2 SLR(R) 361 (“ _Ang Leng Hock_ ”) ,
the claimant was an independent contractor for Grand Court providing services
for outdoor catering functions. He was awarded loss of earning capacity at a
multiplicand of $1,100 with a multiplier of 10 to compensate for his injury
that prevented him from being able to carry heavy loads. The multiplicand of
$1,100 was to reflect the cost of hiring a worker to help the claimant carry
heavy loads. The plaintiff relied on this case to support his claim for loss
of future earnings. However, while it was clear in _Ang Leng Hock_ that the
award would compensate for the claimant’s inability to carry heavy loads in
his job, the plaintiff would still need to prove that he needed to be
compensated as a _full time_ driver of Tom Express despite his increased
managerial role.

40 On an examination of the other cases, it is clear that the award in each
case was confined to the specific facts and evidence produced before the
Court, because the Court would be unable to award loss of future earnings when
it cannot fix a proper multiplicand and multiplier. The Court must also be
wary of the fact that some of the older cases before _Chai Kang Wei Samuel_
operated on the premise that loss of future earnings and loss of earning
capacity were awarded as _alternatives_ and did not see them as conceptually
distinct heads of damages.

41 The plaintiff had claimed before the AR a sum of $495,000 for loss of
future earnings based on Neo’s monthly fees of $2,750 as a multiplicand and a
multiplier of 15 years, taking into account the plaintiff’s young age of 33 at
the time of assessment. The AR had averaged the figures of Neo’s annual pay in
2008 and 2009 to a multiplicand of $30,659. The AR had then considered the
inevitable business fluctuations of the plaintiff’s business and the fact that
“the profit and loss statements of Tom Express showed that the costs of the
business were high, with certain items of expense appearing obviously inflated
and not supported by any documentary evidence” ([50] of the GD) to reduce the
multiplier submitted by the plaintiff by half to 7. The AR awarded the
plaintiff $214,613 for loss of future earnings.

42 The basis for using the average figures of Neo’s annual pay in 2008 and
2009 as the multiplicand would not reflect what loss of future earnings is
meant to compensate. If loss of future earnings is to compensate the plaintiff
for his additional expense of always having to hire an additional courier to
do the work he used to carry out personally, it would be more logical on the
evidence provided to take the average annual salary of the drivers in the
plaintiff’s business. The plaintiff had 3 drivers and Neo’s monthly salary
used to be the highest of all the 3 drivers until Ahmadkalil had a raise in
May 2010. The figures are set out below:

No |  Driver |  Annual Salary in 2008 |  Annual Salary in 2009  
---|---|---|---  
1 |  Ahmadkalil |  $32,400 |  $32,400  
2 |  Gomes (only hired in October 2008) |  - |  $30,000  
3 |  Neo |  $31,403 |  $29,915  
  
  

Only the annual salary for 2008 and 2009 was taken as there was insufficient
evidence to calculate the annual salaries of the drives for 2010. I am of the
view that the appropriate multiplicand (averaging the annual salary of all 3
drivers for 2008 and 2009) would be $31,223.60.

43 The parties did not submit that the award for loss of future earnings
should be reduced by income tax payable and the AR’s award did not deduct any
income tax. I believe it should and a fair deduction to reflect the income tax
for the plaintiff’s income bracket would be $2,000 from the multiplicand.
Therefore, making the appropriate reduction for the plaintiff’s income tax, I
find that the multiplicand for loss of future earnings should be $29,223.60.

44 While the AR reduced the multiplier to take account of the inevitable
fluctuations in the business of Tom Express and the inflated expenses of
plaintiff’s business accounts, she did not make the appropriate deduction for
the value received by the plaintiff in carrying out a greater managerial role
in Tom Express. Due weight should have been given to the fact that the
plaintiff had always performed _dual_ roles (both managerial and operational)
and the reality of the business was that it had grown from a 2 man 1 vehicle
sole-proprietorship to one having 3 drivers and 2 lorries with the evidence
suggesting that it was likely to grow further in the future. Hence, the
necessary and appropriate deduction for the value of the plaintiff’s increased
capacity for managerial work in future would be to reduce the multiplier to 3.
This would more fairly reflect what the plaintiff had actually lost. I
therefore reduce the AR’s award for loss of future earnings to $87,670.80.

(iii) Did the AR err in law or fact in her award for loss of earning capacity?

45 The Appellant submitted that the plaintiff at the hearing below did not
submit on a claim for loss of earning capacity in addition to an award for
loss of future earnings. This is not entirely correct as the plaintiff’s
submissions below did argue for an award of loss of earning capacity as in the
alternative to loss of future earnings. Furthermore, since an award for loss
of earning capacity is part of general damages, it need not be specifically
pleaded. The plaintiff had submitted that:

[h]ad the [AR] awarded a multiplier closer to 15, the Plaintiff would agree
that the award for loss of earning capacity would have been excessive and
overlapping with the award for loss of future earnings.

46 I am of the view that the AR applied the correct legal test for an award
for loss of earning capacity – and had carefully assessed if (i) there was a
substantial or real risk that the plaintiff would lose his present job at some
time or before the estimated end of his working life and (ii) whether the
plaintiff would be disadvantaged in the open employment market because of his
injuries. The evidence did support the plaintiff’s contention that there was a
real risk that he would lose the ability to sustain Tom Express. His business
was highly dependent on his contract with DHL and Gee of DHL had testified
that the plaintiff’s inability to personally drive and meet customers would be
a factor relevant in the renewal of the DHL contract. However, the AR was
right in assessing this risk conservatively as it was undisputed that DHL had
renewed the plaintiff’s contract twice after the accident, despite the fact
that the plaintiff could no longer personally delivery the goods.

47 If the plaintiff was unable to run Tom Express and had to seek alternative
employment, he would be seriously disadvantaged as he has been a driver all
his life. However, he would not be able to tap on his driving experience
whilst his highest educational qualification was only completion of his
primary school examinations. Any sedentary job the plaintiff could manage to
get in the open market would pay him far below what he was earning now.
Consequently, the AR’s lump sum award of $30,000 for loss of earning capacity
was fair and is accordingly upheld.

Conclusion

48 While I accept that the AR’s award for pre-trial loss of earnings and loss
of earning capacity should be upheld, her award for loss of future earnings
should be reduced from $214,613 to $ 87,670.80.

49 Although the award to the plaintiff for loss of future earnings has been
substantially reduced, I note that the Appellants have only succeeded on one
of their three main grounds of appeal. Consequently, although they are
entitled to costs of the Appeal, I reduce the costs to the Appellants by two-
thirds from $3,000 to $1,000 but with disbursements to them on a reimbursement
basis. I will not disturb the costs order made below.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 14 Jul 2011 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

