Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Sigrid Else Roger Marthe Wauters _v_ Lieven Corneel Leo Raymond Van Den
Brande  
[2011] SGHC 237

Case Number| :| Divorce Suit No 3195 of 2009  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 01 November 2011  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Choo Han Teck J  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Tan Anamah Nee Nagalingam (Ann Tan & Associates) for the
plaintiff; Loo Ming Nee Bernice and Magdalene Sim (Allen & Gledhill LLP) for
the defendant.  
Parties| :|  Sigrid Else Roger Marthe Wauters — Lieven Corneel Leo Raymond Van
Den Brande  
  
1 November 2011| Judgment reserved.  
---|---  
  
Choo Han Teck J:

1 The parties are Belgian nationals who married on 25 February 1992. The
plaintiff (wife), a housewife, is aged 48 years old and the defendant
(husband), a business management consultant, is 55 years old. The plaintiff
said that she worked briefly as an interior designer from 2006 to 2010 but the
defendant disputes this claim. It was not material to my decision. They have a
daughter, aged 19 years, who is studying at the LaSalle School of Art; and a
son, aged 17 years, studying in the United World College of South East Asia.
The family has been living in Singapore since June 2000. They reside at a
rented property at No 27 Tudor Close, Tudor Ten Singapore 297954. The
plaintiff filed for divorce on 25 June 2009 and an interim judgment was
granted on 11 June 2010. The parties appeared before me on 24 August 2011 for
orders regarding the ancillary matters.

2 The division of matrimonial property concerned inter alia three assets. The
first is the sale proceeds from an investment of US$300,000.00 made jointly by
the parties in May 2007, deposited into one HSBC USD Multi Currency Savings
Account (“the New Asia Fund”). The second is a property in Bali, Indonesia,
bought for approximately US$300,000.00 in 2002 (“the Bali Property”). The
third is the monies in two Fintro bank accounts owned by the defendant, which
were the proceeds of sale from the parties’ former matrimonial home together
with two adjoining garages, in Belgium (“the Belgian Property”).

3 The defendant prefers all matrimonial assets, save for the New Asia Fund, to
be placed in a single pool and divided based on the parties’ respective
contributions. He proposes that since he made all the financial contributions
to the acquisition and maintenance of these assets, a division of 90% to him,
with 10% given to the plaintiff in recognition of her non financial
contribution, would be fair. He proposes that for the New Asia Fund, as the
plaintiff had made financial contributions, she should be awarded 17%. The
plaintiff claims that she is entitled to 50% of the Fintro accounts as well as
85% of the New Asia Fund. The Bali Property should also be transferred to her
as she paid for most of it and did most of the work relating to its
construction and management. The extent of financial and non-financial
contributions is disputed by both parties. For instance, in relation to the
Bali Property, while the plaintiff claimed that she made the bulk of the
payments and played a major role in the construction and the management of the
property, the defendant says the reverse is true. He claims that he negotiated
all the construction contracts and maintained the property. In this regard,
the following observation by the High Court in _Yow Mee Lan v Chen Kai Buan_
[2000] 2 SLR(R) 659 at [43] ("_Yow Mee Lan_ ") must be borne in mind:

...[M]arriage is not a business where, generally, parties receive an economic
reward commensurate with their economic input. It is a union in which the
husband and wife work together for their common good and the good of their
children. Each of them uses (or should use) his or her abilities and efforts
for the welfare of the family and contributes whatever he or she is able to.
The parties often have unequal abilities whether as parents or income earners
but, as between them, this disparity of roles and talents should not result in
unequal rewards where the contributions are made consistently and over a long
period of time.

4 The court’s power to order division of matrimonial assets under s 112 of the
Women’s Charter (Cap 353, 2009 Rev Ed) (“Women’s Charter”) must be exercised,
as everyone knows, to obtain a “just and equitable” result. How that is to be
achieved is the difficult part. In _Yeo Chong Lin v Tay Ang Choo Nancy and
another appeal_ [2011] 2 SLR 1157 at [78], the Court of Appeal recognised that
the court was not expected to make an exact calculation of each spouse's
contributions, whether financial or non-financial. Since bright lines are
rarely clear in such matters, a broad brush approach is often the most
appropriate in deciding what constitutes a just and equitable division. In
this case, all the indications point to an equal contribution towards the
matrimonial assets. I am thus inclined to order an equal division of the
matrimonial assets. The parties were married for 18 years and were cohabiting
about two or three years before marriage. The plaintiff, together with the
children, accompanied the defendant when he moved from Belgium to Singapore
for work in 2000. I am satisfied that most of the investments made by the
couple were in fact joint decisions, with input by both parties, both
financially and non-financially. These included the investment in the Bali
Property and the New Asia Fund. While the monies in the Fintro bank accounts
represent the proceeds of sale of the Belgian property which was purchased by
the defendant before marriage, the property was the matrimonial home while the
parties were in Belgium. The plaintiff had also helped to maintain, upkeep and
improve the property. In addition to the plaintiff’s role as a housewife and
caregiver to their two children, she was also a shareholder and director of
Bromo Consulting Pte Ltd (“Bromo”), the company used by the defendant to run
his business management and consultancy services. Although he claims that her
role in the company was merely administrative, it nevertheless indicates the
fact that both parties were involved in almost all of their economic
endeavours throughout their marriage. In the light of both the financial and
non-financial contributions by the plaintiff, she is entitled to a 50% of the
matrimonial assets.

5 Although not directly addressed in the parties’ main submissions, there is
an issue of whether the various inter-spousal gifts made by the parties to
each other falls within or outside the pool of matrimonial assets. As
indicated by the parties’ Ancillary Matters Fact and Position Sheets, the
plaintiff argues that such gifts are not matrimonial assets, while the
defendant is of the contrary view. In the case of _Wan Lai Cheng v Quek Seow
Kee_ [2011] 2 SLR 814 (“ _Wan Lai Cheng_ ”), the court found that inter-
spousal gifts are not matrimonial assets liable to division under s 112 of the
Women’s Charter (Cap 353, 2009 Rev Ed) (“Women’s Charter”). Section 112(10) of
the Women’s Charter states:

In this section, “matrimonial asset” means —

(a)any asset acquired before the marriage by one party or both parties to the
marriage —

(i)ordinarily used or enjoyed by both parties or one or more of their children
while the parties are residing together for shelter or transportation or for
household, education, recreational, social or aesthetic purposes; or

(ii)which has been substantially improved during the marriage by the other
party or by both parties to the marriage; and

(b)any other asset of any nature acquired during the marriage by one party or
both parties to the marriage,

but does not include any asset (not being a matrimonial home) that has been
acquired by one party at any time by gift or inheritance and that has not been
substantially improved during the marriage by the other party or by both
parties to the marriage.

The reasons given in _Wan Lai Cheng_ seemed to be based on a technical reading
of the provision. Firstly, on a plain reading of the provision, there is no
distinction made between inter-spousal gifts and third-party gifts. Both types
of gifts should therefore fall within the exclusionary phrase and not be
considered matrimonial assets. The other reason was that when amendments to
the Women’s Charter were under consideration in 1996, both Professor Leong Wai
Kum and The Law Reform Committee of the Singapore Academy of Law had proposed
to the Select Committee that a distinction be made between the two types of
gift. Both Professor Leong and the Law Reform Committee had put forward draft
definitions of “matrimonial assets” which specifically included inter-spousal
gifts. Nevertheless, these proposed definitions were not adopted and s 112(10)
in its current form was enacted. Accordingly, the court in _Wan Lai Cheng_ was
of the view that the new definition in s 112(10) had changed an earlier Court
of Appeal ruling that inter-spousal gifts are matrimonial assets. I had
expressed my views on this question in _Tan Cheng Guan v Tan Hwee Lee_ [2011]
SGHC 216 (“ _Tan Cheng Guan_ ”) and will now only add the following points.

6 Prior to the amendments to the Women’s Charter in 1996, the Court of Appeal
had in the case of _Yeo Gim Tong Michael v Tianzon Lolita_ [1996] 1 SLR(R) 633
(“ _Tianzon_ ”) held that gifts acquired by one spouse and given to the other
fell to be included within s 112 [previously s 106] of the Women’s Charter, no
matter what the intention of the spouses regarding the gift at the time it was
made. The rationale was explained by LP Thean JA at [12] of the judgment:

...In considering the issue of a gift in the division of matrimonial assets
under s 106, the starting point is whether the subject matter of the gift is
property originally acquired during the marriage through the sole effort of
the donor or the joint efforts of the donor and his or her spouse, the
recipient. If the property was so acquired during the marriage, it falls
within sub-s (1) or (3) (as the case may be) of s 106, and depending on the
circumstances would be taken into account in the division of matrimonial
assets, notwithstanding that it was a gift from one spouse to the other. The
spouse who made the gift would have no doubt expended moneys in acquiring it.
The fact that the gift was contemporaneously or immediately thereafter or
later transferred to the other spouse does not affect the original acquisition
of that gift. Such a gift was nonetheless acquired by the donor and not the
recipient, and if it was acquired during the marriage it would fall within the
class of assets covered by s 106. However, where the subject matter of the
gift is itself a gift from a third party, for instance from a parent of the
donor, then the gift is not property acquired by the donor by any effort on
his part and it follows that that property would not fall within s 106...

I am of the view that the distinction drawn by the Court of Appeal between
third party gifts and inter-spousal gifts is a principle that remains
applicable even after the enactment of s 112(10) in 1996. As pointed out by
Debbie Ong and Valerie Thean in (2000) 1 SAL Ann Rev 180 at 193, such a
distinction would be sensible because, where inter-spousal gifts are
concerned, the husband would have to expend efforts or liquidate other assets
to acquire the gift for his recipient wife. The gift, having been acquired
through the personal efforts of one or both of the spouses during the
subsistence of their marriage, is properly a matrimonial asset. Transfers
between the parties _inter se_ over the course of their marriage do not
alienate the gift from the pool of matrimonial assets. This view can be
supported by a construction of s 112(10)(b) of the Women’s Charter, which is
the applicable sub-provision here. While the use of the word ‘gift’ in the
exclusionary phrase does not distinguish between third-party and inter-spousal
gifts, it not only excludes ‘gifts’, but also ‘inheritances’. The exemption
goes on to provide that if such ‘gifts’ and ‘inheritances’ had been
substantially improved by the effort of either the other party or by both
spouses, they would nevertheless be considered matrimonial assets. The crucial
point is therefore whether the asset was acquired or substantially improved,
through the sole or joint efforts of the parties during the marriage.

7 This also seems to be the conclusion reached in _Yow Mee Lan_ , although the
court did not specifically discuss the gift exclusion in s 112(10) of the
Women’s Charter. In _Yow Mee Lan_ , the court at [63] and [64] noted that the
court’s power to divide gifts between spouses has been established beyond a
doubt in _Tianzon_ and that if the gift was derived from the efforts of the
husband, there was no doubt that it was properly a matrimonial asset. In doing
so, the court distinguished the case of _Lee Leh Hua v Yip Kok Leong_ [1999] 1
SLR(R) 554 as an exceptional case, where the equities of the situation were
clearly against a retraction by the husband of his gift (see _Yow Mee Lan_ at
[68]). As a matter of conceptual clarity, inter-spousal gifts can clearly be
distinguished from third-party gifts and inheritances and ought not to fall
within the scope of the exclusionary phrase. While my views differ from the
position adopted in _Wan Lai Cheng_ , it ought to be pointed out that there
ultimately will be little difference in the end result for most cases. In _Wan
Lai Cheng_ , although the court found that inter-spousal gifts were not
matrimonial assets under s 112(10) of the Women’s Charter, it relied on s
112(2)(h) read with s 114(1)(a), which ultimately allowed the court to take
the gifts into consideration in determining each party’s share of the
matrimonial assets.

8 In relation to the Bali Property, despite the defendant having no
professional valuation, he valued it at S$880,000.00. In contrast, the
plaintiff had commissioned a professional valuation for it and it was valued
at S$1,249,277.87. I would accept the valuation done by the plaintiff as the
value of the property. In light of the foregoing, the pool of matrimonial
assets available for division would therefore comprise as follows:

**Real Property**

(a)

The Bali Property valued at _S$1,249,277.87_ ;

**Joint Accounts**

(b)

HSBC USD Multi-Currency Savings Account No. [xxx] (New Asia Fund) valued at
_S$573,576_ ;

(c)

HSBC SGD Current Account No. [xxx] valued at _S$20.42_ as at 22 July 2010;

(d)

DBS Current Account No. [xxx] valued at _S$98.08_ as at 22 July 2010;

(e)

Bromo Consulting’s HSBC SGD Current Account No. [xxx] valued at _S$139.04_ as
at 22 July 2010;

(f)

Bromo Consulting’s DBS Current Account No. [xxx] valued at _S$166.98_ as at 31
October 2010;

(g)

Bromo Consulting’s HSBC HKD Account No. [xxx] valued at _S$21,234_ as at 9
November 2010;

**Assets in defendant’s name**

(h)

HSBC SGD Current Account No. [xxx] valued at _S$2,524.80_ as at 3 November
2010;

(i)

HSBC HKD Current Account No. [xxx] valued at _S$1,527.22_ as at 3 November
2010;

(j)

HSBC HKD Savings Account No. [xxx] valued at _S$358.38_ as at 3 November 2010;

(k)

ING Savings Account No. [xxx] valued at _S$794.20_ as at 3 December 2011;

(l)

Fintro Current Account No. [xxx] valued at _S$15,587.70_ as at 5 May 2011;

(m)

Fintro Savings Account. [xxx] valued at _S$258,650_ as at 5 May 2011;

(n)

Motor Vehicle Opel Blazer DOHC B8242 K (in Bali) valued at approximately
_S$3,600_ ;

(o)

Mercator Life and Savings Insurance Policy No. 1.281.505/01029 valued at
_S$22,091.70_ as at 20 June 2011;

**Assets in plaintiff’s name**

(p)

HSBC SGD Account No. [xxx] valued at _S$811.21_ ;

(q)

ING Belgium Account No. [xxx] valued at _S$324.97_ as at 3 January 2011;

(r)

Jewellery worth _S$18,000_ ;

(s)

Buddha Statute worth _S$6,225_ ;

(t)

Han Dynasty Ornament worth _S$8,900_ ;

**Inter-spousal Gifts [from plaintiff to defendant]**

(u)

Treadmill worth _S$5,000_ ;

(v)

Painting worth _S$5,000_ ;

(w)

Terracotta horse worth _S$3,000_ ;

(x)

Chinese Antique Vase worth _S$1,800_.

(y)

Montblanc Watch: _S$2821.50_

9 The total value of the matrimonial assets is approximately S$2,201,529.07,
to be split equally between the parties. In accordance with my decision in
_Tan Cheng Guan_ at [3], the inter-spousal gifts are to remain with the
respective parties; however, the gifts are to form part of the 50% share
awarded to each party. Additionally, I note that both parties have made
allegations of a lack of full and frank disclosure on the part of the opposing
party. However, I find that these allegations are not made out on the evidence
before me.

10 On the issue of maintenance, I am satisfied that the maintenance ordered by
the District Judge below should be allowed to stand, with liberty to apply.
While the plaintiff had asked for additional maintenance for her medical
condition, I am of the view that since the defendant is already taking care of
most of the household and children’s expenses, it would be reasonable for the
plaintiff to contribute to her own medical expenses.

11 As the parties have agreed for both to have joint custody of the children,
with care and control given to the plaintiff with reasonable access to the
defendant, I order accordingly. I will hear parties on costs on a later date.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 01 Nov 2011 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

