Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Citibank NA _v_ Robert  
[2011] SGHC 21

Case Number| :| Suit No 175 of 2010 (Registrar's Appeal No 243 of 2010)  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 24 January 2011  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Chan Seng Onn J  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Gerald Kuppusamy, Yap Cui Xian and Michelle Lee (Wong &
Leow LLC) for the plaintiff; Gurbani Prem Kumar (Gurbani & Co) for the
defendant.  
Parties| :|  Citibank NA — Robert  
  
24 January 2011| Judgment reserved.  
---|---  
  
Chan Seng Onn J:

Introduction

1 The plaintiff brought Suit No 175 of 2010 (“the Suit”) against the defendant
pursuant to an “Irrevocable Guaranty and Indemnity” dated 10 August 2004 (“the
Guaranty”). Summons No 1543 of 2010 (“the Summons”) was the defendant’s
application to stay the Suit on the basis that Singapore was not the
appropriate forum. The present appeal was brought before me following the
learned Assistant Registrar’s dismissal of that application.

Facts

Background

2 The plaintiff is a US bank licensed to carry on business in Indonesia and
elsewhere. The defendant, an Indonesian citizen, is the President Director of
PT Permata Hijau Sawit (“PHS”), an Indonesian company.

3 The plaintiff has a long course of dealing with PHS dating back to 2001.
However, for the purposes of the present proceedings, only a handful of
agreements are material. The Guaranty, as mentioned above, was signed on 10
August 2004. It was governed by New York law. Pursuant to cl 2 of the
Guaranty, the defendant guaranteed certain obligations owed by PHS to the
plaintiff. This included obligations arising from agreements including and in
connection with an ISDA Master Agreement and a Schedule (“ISDA Agreement”)
entered into on 18 May 2001 in respect of multi-currency cross-border
transactions between PHS and the plaintiff. New York law also governed the
ISDA Agreement.

4 On 2 January 2008, the plaintiff sent a letter of offer (“the LO”) to PHS
and other companies that were part of the same group offering foreign exchange
facilities of up to US$5 million. The defendant accepted the offer on behalf
of PHS. However, while the LO originally required a personal guaranty from the
defendant and his wife for up to US$ 20 million each as well as a corporate
guaranty from PHS for the same amount to cover the indebtedness of related
companies, the defendant struck out these requirements before signing the
document and returning the same to the plaintiff. The only other security
asked for in the LO was a standby letter of credit for US$500,000. PHS duly
provided this.

5 The plaintiff and PHS subsequently entered into a Confirmation Agreement
dated 5 September 2008 in respect of certain Callable Forward transactions.
The Confirmation Agreement was entered into pursuant to the foreign exchange
facility granted under the plaintiff’s LO. By its terms, the Confirmation
Agreement was to supplement and form part of the ISDA Agreement that the
plaintiff and PHS entered into on 18 May 2001.

6 PHS incurred a debt to the plaintiff of the sum of US$ 23,146,749.41 in
respect of the Callable Forward transactions. It defaulted on this debt.
Consequently, in letters dated 22 December 2008 and 9 January 2009
respectively, the plaintiff demanded that the defendant pay the sum of
US$5,250,000. It alleged that the defendant was required to pay this sum
pursuant to the terms of the Guaranty.

Procedural history

7 On 16 January 2009, PHS commenced an action in the District Court of South
Jakarta, Indonesia, against the plaintiff for, _inter alia_ , a declaration
that the Callable Forward transactions were “annulled by law”. On 26 November
2009, the District Court handed down the judgment that the Confirmation
Agreement and the Callable Forward transactions were null and void on the
ground of illegality. PHS and the plaintiff were each ordered to refund money
belonging to the other under the respective transactions. The plaintiff
appealed this decision. I am given to understand that the District Court’s
decision has no executory effect pending the appeal.

8 In Singapore, on 12 March 2010, the plaintiff commenced the Suit against the
defendant in respect of the Guaranty. On 7 April 2010, the defendant took out
the Summons to stay the Suit on the ground that Singapore was not the
convenient or appropriate forum for the determination of the dispute that was
the subject matter of the Suit. As mentioned above, the defendant’s
application was dismissed, upon which, the present appeal was brought.

9 After the Suit was commenced, the defendant filed a second action in the
District Court of South Jakarta, Indonesia, seeking an order that the Guaranty
was null and void. At the time parties first appeared before me, that second
application was still in a nascent state. Later, however, on 9 December 2010,
the South Jakarta District Court issued a decision declaring the guaranty null
and void. This decision is now under appeal. It is a point to which I will
return below.

My decision

The law on forum non conveniens

10 The general principles governing _forum non conveniens_ have been
summarised in _CIMB Bank Bhd v Dresdner Kleinwort Ltd_ [2008] 4 SLR(R) 543 at
[25] – [26] (“ _CIMB_ ”):

25 The _locus classicus_ on the question of when a stay would be granted on
the basis of _forum non conveniens_ is _Spiliada Maritime Corporation v
Cansulex Ltd_ [1987] AC 460 ("_Spiliada_ "), a decision of the House of Lords
where Lord Goff of Chieveley, in delivering the leading judgment, laid down
certain guiding principles (at 476-478) for determining the question of _forum
non conveniens_ ("the _Spiliada_ test"). Those principles have been adopted by
this court in several cases such as _Brinkerhoff Maritime Drilling Corp v PT
Airfast Services Indonesia_ [1992] 2 SLR(R) 345 , _Eng Liat Kiang v Eng Bak
Hern_ [1995] 2 SLR(R) 851 , _PT Hutan Domas Raya v Yue Xiu Enterprises_
(_Holdings_) _Ltd_ [2001] 1 SLR(R) 104 and _Rickshaw Investments Ltd v Nicolai
Baron von Uexkull_ [2007] 1 SLR(R) 377 ("_Rickshaw Investments_ ").

26 The gist of these principles is that, under the doctrine of _forum non
conveniens_ , a stay will only be granted where the court is satisfied that
there is some other available and more appropriate forum for the trial of the
action. The burden of establishing this rests on the defendant and it is not
enough just to show that Singapore is not the natural or appropriate forum.
The defendant must also establish that there is another available forum which
is clearly or distinctly more appropriate than Singapore. The natural forum is
one with which the action has the most real and substantial connection. In
this regard, the factors which the court will take into consideration include
not only factors affecting convenience or expense (such as the availability of
witnesses) but also other factors such as the law governing the transaction
and the places where the parties respectively reside or carry on business. If
the court concludes, at this stage of the inquiry ("stage one of the
_Spiliada_ test"), that there is no other available forum which is clearly
more appropriate for the trial of the action, it will ordinarily refuse a
stay. If, at this stage, it concludes that there is some other available forum
which _prima facie_ is clearly more appropriate for the trial of the action,
it will ordinarily grant a stay, unless there are circumstances by reason of
which justice requires that a stay should nevertheless be refused. In this
connection, the court will consider all the circumstances of the case. For
this second stage inquiry ("stage two of the _Spiliada_ test"), the legal
burden is on the plaintiff to establish the existence of those special
circumstances.

Where no jurisdiction clause is relevant to the dispute, the above principles
are applied in a straightforward manner in deciding whether or not a stay
ought to be granted.

11 The plaintiff submitted, however, that where a jurisdiction clause exists,
a different test ought to be applied. It pointed out that cl 13 of the
Guaranty gave it (but not the defendant) the specific option to submit any
dispute to any court having jurisdiction over the defendant’s assets, which
included the courts of Singapore. The plaintiff described cl 13 as a semi-
exclusive jurisdiction clause and submitted that in such instances as the
present, the appropriate test to apply ought to be the “strong cause” test set
out in _Baiduri Bank Bhd v Dong Sui Hung and Another_ [2000] 2 SLR(R) 271 (“
_Baiduri_ ”). It is this issue of the appropriate test to apply that my
attention now turns.

12 The court has discretion whether or not to grant a stay on the grounds of
_forum non conveniens_. This discretion exists even when parties have agreed
to an exclusive jurisdiction clause (_Bambang Sutrisno v Bali International
Finance Ltd and others_ [1999] 2 SLR(R) 632 at [7] – [9] (“ _Bambang_ ”)).
However, while each case has to be decided within its particular factual
matrix, where parties have agreed to litigate exclusively in a forum other
than Singapore, a stay would ordinarily be granted unless exceptional
circumstances warrant otherwise (see _The “Eastern Trust”_ [1994] 2 SLR(R) 511
at [8]). Similarly, where a defendant, in breach of an agreement applies for a
stay of proceedings on the ground of _forum non conveniens_ , the court, while
not bound to refuse a stay, would in usual circumstances give effect to the
agreement between parties (_Bambang_ at [9]). In _Baiduri_ at [23], I held
that where a jurisdiction clause exists that limits jurisdiction to a few
countries (including Singapore) but no special or specific right of election
or option is given to either party to select which of those countries to
proceed in, and where a plaintiff has chosen to litigate here but the
defendant prefers another jurisdiction, a court would ordinarily refuse to
grant a stay if the foreign forum is not clearly more appropriate for the
trial of the action. However, where a jurisdiction clause limits jurisdiction
to a few countries (including Singapore), but a special or specific right is
conferred on the plaintiff but not on the defendant to select any one of these
specified countries to institute his action, a stay would ordinarily not be
granted unless the defendant shows strong cause (_Baiduri_ at [25]).

13 The underlying principle of the above scenarios is that where there is an
agreement between parties as to choice of jurisdiction, the court would
strongly lean in favour of giving effect to the contractual bargain unless
exceptional circumstances warrant otherwise (see _eg_ , _Golden Shore
Transportation Pte Ltd v UCO Bank and another appeal_ [2004] 1 SLR(R) 6 at
[33] (“ _Golden Shore_ ”)). By inserting a jurisdiction clause, the parties
indicate that they regard certain jurisdictions as more appropriate forums
than others. Therefore, where parties have agreed to litigate exclusively in
Country A, the balance would lie heavily in favour of finding that Country A
is a more appropriate forum and the plaintiff who in breach of that brings an
action in Singapore has to show strong cause why he is now reneging on the
bargain. _Vice versa_ , where the parties have agreed to litigate only in
Singapore, the defendant who wishes to obtain a stay has to convince the court
that despite the agreement, there is a more appropriate forum elsewhere.
Similarly, where parties agree to litigate in either Singapore or Country A,
but no specific right of election is given to either party, a defendant would
have to explain his preference for Country A but as the defendant has not
promised to litigate in Singapore and nowhere else, the burden of proving a
more appropriate forum exists is less onerous than in the case where an
exclusive jurisdiction clause exists. For the same reason, where the plaintiff
but not the defendant has a specific right to select Singapore or Country A as
the forum, the latter will have to explain why the plaintiff may not exercise
his entitlement. Ultimately, however, even though the existence of a
jurisdiction clause may _prima facie_ weigh the scales more heavily in one
direction than another, the court in exercising its discretion must still take
into account factors relevant to the particular factual matrix. The above
examples are not exhaustive but they are illustrative of two points. First,
the court, upon construing the terms of agreement between parties, would
ordinarily give effect to those contractual intentions, unless the defendant
has strong cause to renege. Second, as endless permutations of jurisdiction
clauses are possible and limited only by the ingenuity of the draftsman, each
jurisdiction clause has to be construed carefully to determine the precise
ambit of the agreement between parties.

14 In _Baiduri_ , I made a distinction between different types of jurisdiction
clauses and the considerations that are pertinent in deciding whether or not a
stay ought to be granted when sought on the grounds of _forum non conveniens_.
The plaintiff relied heavily on that case and its categorisation of types of
jurisdiction clauses in its argument that the “strong cause” case should apply
in situations such as the present where, according to its characterisation of
cl 13, a semi-exclusive jurisdiction clause exists. I would state, however,
that my decision in that case should not be construed as standing for the
proposition that jurisdiction clauses ought to be pigeonholed into categories
with different tests applicable for each. Rather, different factual
circumstances may call for an application of different principles and
approaches (_Baiduri_ at [7]), and it would be futile to attempt to
exhaustively categorise each scenario. Rather, the basic principle is that in
cases involving jurisdiction clauses, a party should _prima facie_ be held to
his contractual commitment and has to show exceptional circumstances amounting
to strong cause why the court should exercise its discretion in his favour and
assist him in breaching his promise to bring the action in the contractual
forum (_Golden Shore_ at [33]). The court has to carefully construe what
promises parties have made. The test not dissimilar to that set out in
_Spiliada_ , but heavily weighted against the party attempting to breach its
obligation.

15 Summarising the above, when a stay is sought on the grounds of _forum non
conveniens_ , the _Spiliada_ principles summarised in _CIMB_ would ordinarily
apply. However, where a jurisdiction clause exists, the court has to examine
such carefully, and construe the ambit of what was agreed to between parties.
The clause will ordinarily weigh heavily in favour of the party seeking to
uphold the agreement. However, that does not preclude the grant of a stay
where strong cause against enforcing the agreement is shown.

Application

16 Clause 13 of the Guaranty provides:

13\. This Guaranty shall be governed by and interpreted in accordance with the
laws of the State of New York, without prejudice to or limitation of any other
rights or remedies available to the Bank under the laws of any other
jurisdiction.

For the above purpose, the undersigned irrevocably consents to any New York
state or United States federal court located in New York City, and hereby
irrevocably submits to the non exclusive jurisdiction of the aforesaid courts.
The undersigned upon request of the Bank irrevocably designates, appoints and
empowers an entity or person acceptable to the Bank and having an address in
New York as its agent to receive for and on its behalf service of process in
New York in any legal action or proceeding with respect to this Guaranty. The
foregoing, however, shall not limit the right of the Bank to serve process in
any other manner permitted by law or to commence any legal action or
proceeding in any appropriate jurisdiction including without limitation the
Republic of Indonesia. For this purpose, the undersigned elects general and
permanent domicile at the clerk’s office of the district Court in South
Jakarta. _Without limiting the foregoing, the undersigned agrees that the Bank
may at its option submit any dispute to any other District Court or to
District Court where the undersigned’s Deed of Establishment is registered or
to any court in Indonesia or elsewhere having jurisdiction over the
undersigned assets_.

[emphasis added]

As the Guaranty is governed by New York law, cl 13 has to be construed in
accordance with such. I accept the evidence of the plaintiff’s expert, Alan
Schwartz, that New York courts enforce the plain meaning of contracts, and
that the plain meaning of cl 13 gives the plaintiff but not the defendant,
_inter alia_ , the right to choose a forum to hear a suit on the Guaranty from
any one of the forums listed in the Guaranty, including any court having
jurisdiction over the defendant’s assets. The purpose of providing that the
plaintiff could submit a dispute to a court with jurisdiction over the
defendant’s assets was clearly to facilitate recovery in the event that sums
became owed to the former. It was not disputed that the defendant had assets
in Singapore. This was a factor I gave substantial weight to. The defendant’s
application for a stay on the grounds of _forum non conveniens_ goes against
his grant of an option to the plaintiff to bring a suit in any court with
jurisdiction over his assets. Accordingly, the onus lay on the defendant to
show strong cause why that stay ought to be granted.

17 In deciding whether there was strong cause to grant a stay, I took into
account the factors enumerated in _Amerco Timbers Pte Ltd v Chatsworth Timber
Corp Pte Ltd_ [1977-1978] SLR(R) 112 at [11]. Following _The “Hyundai
Fortune”_ [2004] 4 SLR(R) 548 at [24], I also added to the basket other
matters of convenience before deciding whether, in totality, the factors added
up to strong cause warranting the stay. However, many of the factors cited by
the defendant as support for the proposition that Indonesia was clearly the
more appropriate forum were, in my view, of limited weight.

18 Like the learned Assistant Registrar, I accepted that in the present
circumstances, as parties have chosen to confer on the plaintiff a right to
sue based on the location of the defendant’s assets, the relative convenience
and expense of trial as between Singapore and the Indonesian courts can only
be of limited weight (_Golden Shore_ at [33]). The same reasoning applies to
the consideration that the defendant is Indonesian and the subject matter has
tenuous connection with Singapore. Moreover, I accepted that on the part of
the defendant, the evidence on the issues of fact would mostly come from
himself and other documentary evidence already filed in the current
proceedings.

19 I took into account the fact that New York law governed the Guaranty that
is the central document in the present proceedings, and also the ISDA Master
Agreement and Schedule. As the learned assistant registrar reasoned, given
that Indonesian proceedings are not conducted in English, it would be arguably
more convenient for a Singapore court to deal with documentary evidence
arising from those agreements. I did note, however, that the letter of offer
of 2 January 2008 may be relevant to the proceedings and that Indonesian law
may govern that document (which had no express choice of law clause). It was
part of the factors I took into account in determining whether strong cause
for the stay existed.

20 Two actions have been filed by the defendant and PHS respectively against
the plaintiff in Indonesia. I noted, in particular, that the action taken out
by the defendant was commenced only _after_ this present action was started in
Singapore. At the time the matter first came before me, the action brought by
the defendant in Indonesia was still in a nascent stage. The defendant
submitted that now that the South Jakarta District Court has issued a
decision, it must be taken into consideration in determining whether or not to
grant a stay. The proposition is correct. However, I also noted that during
the course of the proceedings before me, many delays occurred. On 28 June
2010, when the parties first appeared before me, the defendant’s counsel made
an application before me for the filing of affidavits of expert opinions.
While these could have been obtained at the stage of the hearing before the
learned assistant registrar, the move to secure legal experts was not made by
the defendant until late in the day, resulting in a four week delay for the
filing of affidavits and further affidavits in reply. On 30 July 2010, the
defendant’s counsel wrote in to request a vacation of the hearing date that
had been fixed as he wanted to file further response affidavits by the
experts. This resulted in a further delay of another four weeks for parties to
exchange affidavits. Yet another hearing date was fixed, this time for 6
September 2010, but again had to be vacated, because the defendant’s counsel
was on three weeks’ leave. The parties finally appeared before me for the
substantive hearing on 18 October 2010. All in all, there had been a delay of
almost four months, most of it due to applications on the part of the
defendant. In light of this fact, and considering the defendant ought not to
profit from dragging his heels, while I took into account the second decision
of the South Jakarta District Court, I did not give it as much weight in
favour of the defendant as I might otherwise have had.

21 Given the voluminous affidavits filed by the New York and Indonesian legal
experts on both sides, and the various points of disagreement between the
opinions rendered, I was unable to say that the defendant had no genuine
desire for trial. Without going into the merits, there appeared to be genuine
dispute as to the effect of the LO on the Guaranty, whether the Guaranty was
spent, and the validity of the Callable Forward transactions in light of the
South Jakarta District Court’s decision. The effect of the defendant’s
striking out of the requirement of a personal guaranty on the LO also could
not be clearly resolved at this procedural stage. With respect to the learned
Assistant Registrar, most of the expert evidence before me was not available
to him. Despite this, however, the defendant did not manage to explain to my
satisfaction why his desire for trial could only be consummated in Indonesia,
such that he could not be held to his bargain with the plaintiff in cl 13 that
the latter would be granted the option to submit this dispute to any court in
any country having jurisdiction over his assets. The plaintiff had in fact
duly exercised that option and filed the Suit in Singapore (where the
defendant has assets) to have the dispute between them determined accordingly.
Most of the defendant’s arguments centred on convenience, which ought to have
been taken into account at the time the Guaranty was entered into rather than
at this late stage. On the other end of the scale, the plaintiff would now
undoubtedly be prejudiced if the stay is granted because it would be deprived
of its contractual right to bring an action in a country where the defendant’s
assets are located. This right was clearly sought by the plaintiff to
facilitate the plaintiff’s debt enforcement and would be rendered nugatory by
the grant of the stay.

22 Taking all the above into consideration, I did not find that there was
strong cause warranting the grant of a stay. The plaintiff had also submitted
that under New York law, cl 13 operated as a waiver of the defendant’s right
to raise arguments based on _forum non conveniens_. In light of my decision,
there is no need to go further to decide this point.

Res judicata

23 The defendant had submitted that the plaintiff was barred under New York’s
doctrine of _res judicata_ from litigating the present action. He relied on
the evidence of his New York expert, Leonard A. Rhodes:

_Summary of Opinion_ : It is my opinion that the Indonesian Judgment bars this
action for two, separate but related reasons: (1) Under New York law, the
Indonesian Judgment was an “adjudication on the merits;” the claims in the
Indonesian case and in this case arise from the same “nucleus of operative
fact;” and the parties here were also parties, or in privity with parties, to
the Indonesian case. Therefore Citibank is barred from relitigating its right
to the [sic] collect the alleged debt under New York’s doctrine of res
judicata (or “claim preclusion”). (2) Even under Citibank’s reading of the
2004 Guaranty, Robert has guarantied [sic] only those obligations that
actually existed at the time this lawsuit was commenced and because the
Indonesian Judgment nullified the Callable Forward agreement and declared it
void ab initio, New York’s doctrine of “collateral estoppel” requires this
Court to hold that no obligation exists that is subject to the 2004 Guaranty.

24 It was agreed between parties that finality was a requisite element of the
test as to _res judicata_. The dispute centred on whether the South Jakarta
District Court judgment constituted final judgment entered on the merits of
the case. This point arose out of the fact that under Indonesian law, the
South Jakarta District Court’s judgment, which is under appeal, has no
executorial power. As the Indonesian law experts of both parties agreed that
the judgment under appeal could not be presently executed, and as the
defendant’s New York expert does not appear to have considered the effect of
this point on the _res judicata_ argument, I find that there is insufficient
evidence for me to conclude that the claim is _res judicata_. Particularly, I
accept the evidence of the plaintiff’s New York law expert, Teresa Rosen
Peacocke, that New York gives no more finality to foreign judgments than that
given by the issuing jurisdiction. I also note that in the defendant’s third
affidavit, at para 16 of the defendant’s Indonesian solicitor’s correspondence
with the South Jakarta District Court, it was conceded that “since the issue
is still in the legal process, so that it has not yet had permanent legal
force, then there is no certainty about the bill of [the plaintiff] in the
amount of USD 23,146,749.41”. Similar reasoning applies to the defendant’s
contention that I am required to hold that no obligation exists that is
subject to the Guaranty. Going back to the _res judicata_ point, I also
accepted that the claims adjudicated upon by the South Jakarta District Court
and those in the present proceedings differ, although there might be some
degree of overlap. The former dealt with the validity of the Callable Forward
transactions whereas the present is concerned with the enforceability of the
Guaranty.

Conclusion

25 In light of the above, I dismiss the defendant’s appeal with costs to the
plaintiff.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 24 Jan 2011 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

