Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Ma Ong Kee and another _v_ Kaiyo Reptile Products Pte Ltd  
[2011] SGHC 188

Case Number| :| Suit No 642 of 2010  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 16 August 2011  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Woo Bih Li J  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Subramaniam s/o Ayasamy Pillai and Taryn Yap (Colin Ng &
Partners LLP ) for the Plaintiffs; Beh Eng Siew and Bernard Sahagar (Lee Bon
Leong & Co) for the Defendant  
Parties| :|  Ma Ong Kee and another — Kaiyo Reptile Products Pte Ltd  
  
16 August 2011|  
---|---  
  
Woo Bih Li J:

Introduction

1 The plaintiffs Ma Ong Kee and Tan Soo Ling (collectively referred to as “The
Purchasers”) had entered into an agreement to purchase a non-residential
property known as 15, Realty Centre #01-02, Enggor Street, Singapore 079716
(“the Property”) from the defendant Kaiyo Reptile Products Private Limited
(“the Vendor”). The sole dispute which arose between them was whether the
Purchasers were liable to pay goods and services tax (“GST”) on the purchase
price which the Vendor was itself liable to pay to the relevant authority.
Unfortunately, this issue was not resolved and the Vendor terminated the
agreement in the circumstances elaborated below and forfeited the deposit paid
by the Purchasers. The Purchasers then filed a Writ of Summons to claim
specific performance of the agreement and liquidated damages or general
damages in lieu of specific performance. The Vendor in turn counterclaimed
declarations that it was entitled to rescind the agreement, that the
Purchasers were to cancel any entry in the relevant land register relating to
the agreement and that the Vendor was entitled to forfeit all moneys paid by
the Purchasers. The Vendor also counterclaimed a declaration that it was
entitled to damages under condition 29.9 of the Singapore Law Society’s
Conditions of Sale 1999 (“the 1999 Conditions of Sale”) but did not pursue
this claim before me. Instead, the Vendor claimed damages for being precluded
from utilising a deposit as I shall elaborate below.

Background

2 By an option to purchase dated 31 March 2010, the Vendor granted the
Purchasers an option to purchase the Property at a price of $3,800,000. The
option fee was $38,000, _ie_ , one per cent of the price.

3 On 14 April 2010, the Purchasers’ solicitors Colin Ng & Partners LLP (“CNP”)
wrote to the Vendor’s solicitors Lee Bon Leong & Co (“LBLC”), with various
documents enclosed to exercise the option. One of the documents was a cheque
for $152,000 in favour of LBLC, being the balance of 5% of the price, which
was the amount payable on the exercise of the option. I will refer to the
entire 5% amounting to $190,000 as “the Deposit”.

4 On 15 April 2010, LBLC wrote to CNP to state, for the avoidance of doubt,
that the Property was sold subject to an existing tenancy and that the Vendor
was registered for GST. LBLC requested $13,300 being the 7% GST payable on the
Deposit.

5 Notwithstanding the request for $13,300, there was no dispute that the
option had been validly exercised. Accordingly when it was exercised, there
was a binding sale and purchase agreement between the Vendor and the
Purchasers.

6 Although the terms of the option did not clarify whether the Property was
sold with vacant possession or subject to a tenancy, the Purchasers did not
raise any issue about the tenancy and apparently accepted that the sale was
subject to the tenancy mentioned by LBLC in its letter dated 15 April 2010.

7 On 11 May 2010, about four weeks after LBLC’s letter of 15 April 2010, CNP
wrote to LBLC to say that the Purchasers were surprised at the belated request
for payment of GST and that the Purchasers were not obliged to pay it “as this
is contrary to the contractual bargain between the parties. In any event, this
is consistent with the position at law where if there is no provision in the
Option for the purchaser to pay the vendor’s GST liability or the GST
attracted by the sale, then the price quoted by the vendor for the sale of the
property shall be deemed to include any GST chargeable on the sale”.

8 LBLC replied on 12 May 2010 to disagree with CNP’s letter on the issue as to
whether the Purchasers were liable to pay the Vendor’s GST, pending formal
instructions from the Vendor. LBLC drew CNP’s attention to condition 7.3 of
The 1999 Conditions of Sale which they said imposed the liability for GST on
the Purchasers.

9 On 14 May 2010, LBLC wrote to confirm their client’s stand as stated in
LBLC’s letter of 12 May 2010. I will refer to the issue as to whether the
Purchasers were liable to pay the GST as “the GST issue”.

10 The parties could not agree on the GST issue. Apparently, the Purchasers
offered to complete the sale but to pay the 7% GST amounting to $266,000 to
CNP or to a neutral third party to be held as stakeholders pending
determination of the GST issue. However, these suggestions were not acceptable
to the Vendor. Accordingly, the sale and purchase was not completed on 28 July
2010 which was the scheduled date of completion as calculated under the terms
of the option.

11 On 30 July 2010, LBLC sent CNP a 21-day notice to complete the sale and
purchase. In turn, CNP sent LBLC a 21-day notice to complete also dated 30
July 2010. Both the 21-day notices expired on 20 August 2010.

12 While each set of solicitors maintained that their respective clients were
ready, able and willing to complete the transaction, there was no completion
because of the GST issue.

13 In the circumstances, if the notice to complete from LBLC was valid, the
Vendor was entitled to forfeit and keep the deposit paid by the Purchasers and
resell the Property (see condition 29.8 of the 1999 Conditions of Sale).
Although there is no express provision that a sale and purchase agreement
would be terminated for failure by a purchaser to comply with a valid notice
to complete, both sides assumed that that must be the effect of condition
29.8.

14 The Purchasers filed the writ of summons on 24 August 2010, a few days
after the expiry of the notices to complete. The reliefs they sought and the
reliefs sought by the Vendor in its counterclaim are summarised in [1] above.

15 The action was fixed for hearing for three days from 4 July 2011. Counsel
for the parties eventually agreed that the material facts were not in dispute.
The issue was the correct interpretation of condition 7.3.1 of the 1999
Conditions of Sale, _ie_ , whether it imposed liability for GST on the
Purchasers. Counsel summarised the facts in an Agreed Statement of Facts which
is attached hereto as a schedule. I have elaborated above on the summary.

Condition 7.3

16 Condition 7.3 of the 1999 Conditions of Sale states:

7.3.1 The Purchaser (whether of freehold or leasehold property) shall pay all
Goods and Services Tax, if any, which may be payable in respect of the sale
price of the property under the Goods and Services Tax Act (Cap. 117A) on
completion or earlier as required by the Comptroller.

7.3.2 These provisions are not to merge in the Conveyance of the property.

The court’s decision

17 The predecessor to the 1999 Conditions of Sale is the Singapore Law
Society’s Conditions of Sale 1994 (“the 1994 Conditions of Sale”). It was
common ground that condition 7.3.1 of the 1999 Conditions of Sale is a new
provision dealing with GST and that there was no such provision in the 1994
Conditions of Sale on GST.

18 GST was introduced in Singapore from 1 April 1994 under the Goods and
Services Tax Act (Cap 117A, 1994 Rev Ed) (“the Act”).

19 Section 8(3) of the Act stipulates that tax on any supply of goods or
services is a liability of the person making the supply. However, this only
made the supplier liable to the relevant authority for GST. It did not
preclude the supplier from recovering the GST (for which it was liable) from
the consumer.

20 Regulation 77(1) of the Goods and Services Tax (General) Regulations
states:

77.–(1) Where any taxable person displays, advertises, publishes or quotes in
any manner the price of any supply of goods or services he makes or intends to
make, such price shall include the tax that is chargeable on the supply under
the Act unless the Comptroller approves otherwise under regulation 78.

21 Counsel for the Purchasers submitted that since the price quoted by the
Vendor was $3.8 million, that was inclusive of GST and they should not be
liable for GST on the $3.8 million.

22 I was uncertain whether Reg 77(1) was confined to a quotation to the public
at large or it also applied to the facts in the present case. Admittedly, the
words “quotes in any manner” were wide enough to cover the present case.
However, even if they did apply, it seemed to me that Reg 77(1) did not
preclude a supplier from claiming GST on the purchase price from the consumer.
For example, if the terms of the option stipulated the purchase price to be
$3.8m and if there was a specific provision in the option clearly stating that
the Purchasers were to pay the GST on the purchase price, then the Purchasers
would be liable to pay the GST on the $3.8 million, even if the Vendor had
simply orally quoted the $3.8 million figure, without more, before the option
was issued. Counsel for the Purchasers accepted this as much. Therefore, the
question still remained whether condition 7.3.1 imposed the liability for GST
on the Purchasers.

23 True, condition 7.3.1 was not well drafted. It did not impose liability for
GST on the Purchasers as clearly as the contractual provision in _Woon Wee Hao
v Coastland Realty Pte Ltd_ [1998] 3 SLR(R) 463 (“ _Woon Wee Hao_ ”). In that
case, cl 17 of the sale and purchase agreement stated:

The Purchaser shall be liable and shall pay for the Goods and Services Tax and
the stamp fees in respect of or in connection with the sale and purchase of
the Vendor’s share in the Property or the said sale price.

24 It was useful to bear in mind that there were a few cases on the liability
for GST before condition 7.3.1 was introduced by the 1999 Conditions of Sale.

25 In _Kuo Ching Yun and another v H & L Investments Holding Pte Ltd_ [1995] 3
SLR(R) 276 (“ _Kuo Ching Yun_ ”), a question arose whether the purchaser of a
non-residential property was obliged to pay the GST on the purchase price of
the property. The 1994 Conditions of Sale were incorporated as part of the
terms of the sale. One of the points was whether condition 12 of the 1994
Conditions of Sale imposed an obligation on the purchaser to pay the GST.
Condition 12 is a different provision from condition 7.3.1 which I was
considering and I need not set out condition 12 here. It suffices for me to
say that the High Court in that case decided that condition 12 did not impose
an obligation on the purchaser to pay the GST.

26 In _Challenger Technologies Pte Ltd v Sheares Edwin Charles Hingwee and
others_ [1998] 2 SLR(R) 292 (“ _Challenger Technologies_ ”), a vendor who had
already completed the sale and purchase of a property then sought to claim the
GST from the purchaser. The High Court in that case concluded that it was not
a term of the agreement for the sale and purchase that the purchaser was to
bear the GST.

27 I come back to the case of _Woon Wee Hao_ which I referred to at [23]
above. As I mentioned, cl 17 of the sale and purchase agreement there clearly
provided that the purchaser was to pay for the GST. In that case, the vendor
was advised that the sale of his undivided share in a property could attract
GST. He then claimed the GST from the purchaser who refused to pay it. To
avoid jeopardising the sale, the vendor completed the sale and reserved his
right to claim the GST from the purchaser. Thereafter, the vendor filed an
action to seek a declaration that the clear liability of the purchaser to pay
the GST under the sale and purchase agreement had not merged in the transfer
upon the completion, _ie_ , that the contractual obligation was not
extinguished by the transfer of title. Apparently, the purchaser argued that
as the vendor was not registered for the purpose of GST at the time of
completion, no GST was payable.

28 The Court of Appeal concluded that there was nothing in the sale and
purchase agreement which suggested that the cl 17 obligation was predicated on
the payment of GST being exigible upon completion of the sale and purchase.
Referring with approval to an earlier High Court decision in _ACS Computer Pte
Ltd v Rubina Watch Co (Pte) Ltd_ [1997] 1 SLR(R) 1006, the Court of Appeal
decided that the contractual obligation did not merge into the transfer.

29 I mentioned _Woon Wee Hao_ again because counsel for the Purchasers
suggested that it was because of that case that condition 7.3.1 was
introduced. That is not correct. As I have mentioned, the contractual
provision in that case clearly imposed the liability to pay GST on the
purchaser. The issue there was whether the contractual obligation had merged
into the transfer. It is condition 7.3.2 of the 1999 Conditions of Sale, not
condition 7.3.1, which addresses the issue in _Woon Wee Hao_.

30 It seemed to me that condition 7.3.1 was introduced because of _Kuo Ching
Yun_ and _Challenger Technologies_.

31 Prior to condition 7.3.1, the default position in the absence of a
contractual provision to the contrary was that the vendor was to bear the GST.
Incorporating the 1994 Conditions of Sale did not affect this position. The
question then was whether condition 7.3.1 of the 1999 Conditions of Sale
effected a change and imposed the liability for GST on the purchaser.

32 Counsel for the Vendor submitted that the terms of condition 7.3.1 clearly
stipulated for a purchaser to pay GST. However, the provision does not simply
say that the purchaser is to pay GST. It states that the purchaser is to pay
GST “on completion or earlier as required by the Comptroller”. There is no
definition of “the Comptroller” in the 1999 Conditions of Sale. Presumably it
refers to the Comptroller of GST.

33 In other words, as drafted, the literal interpretation of condition 7.3.1
focuses on the time of payment of GST. It assumes that a purchaser is liable
for GST. In that sense, one may argue that it does not impose the liability to
pay GST on a purchaser and any such imposition must be found somewhere else,
if at all imposed.

34 Counsel for the Vendor also relied on some materials issued in 2010 by the
Board of Legal Education for the Preparatory Course leading to Part B of the
Singapore Bar Examinations. In Volume 4 on Conveyancing, there is a passage at
p 81 which states:

Under the **Goods and Services Tax Act (Cap 117A)** the vendor is liable to
the Comptroller of GST for the payment of any GST payable. However, in the
case where a contract is governed by the Singapore Law Society’s Conditions of
Sale 1999, the vendor is entitled to claim such GST from the purchaser.

[emphasis in original]

35 I did not give any weight to this text as its provenance was not properly
established.

36 As mentioned above at [23], condition 7.3.1 was not well drafted.
Nevertheless, I was of the view that its purpose was to incorporate two
points, _ie_ , firstly, to stipulate that the purchaser is to pay GST and,
secondly, to pay it on completion or earlier. I did not think that the
introduction of condition 7.3.1 was to deal only with the timing of payment of
GST by a purchaser when there was no other provision in the 1999 Conditions of
Sale to impose liability on a purchaser in the first place.

37 In the circumstances, I made the declarations sought by the Vendor.

38 As for the Vendor’s claim for damages for being precluded from utilising
the Deposit, it appeared that CNP had in its letter dated 27 August 2010,
informed LBLC that the Purchasers had commenced legal proceedings to claim
specific performance of the sale and purchase agreement. CNP also demanded
that the Vendor refrain from forfeiting the Deposit and from reselling the
Property pending the outcome of the proceedings failing which they would apply
for an injunction to restrain the Vendor from doing either of the above.

39 LBLC replied on 30 August 2010 to state, _inter alia_ , that they would
hold the Deposit pending the outcome of the legal proceedings on the
Purchasers’ undertaking to pay damages and/or loss of interest. It was unclear
whether the Purchasers gave that undertaking.

40 I did not allow the Vendor’s claim for damages for not utilising the
Deposit as the facts in support of that claim were not pleaded. There was also
no elaboration as to whether LBLC had earned any interest on the Deposit (or
part thereof) and whether it would pass the benefit of the interest to the
Vendor. In any event, the Vendor has benefitted from the forfeiture of the
Deposit and from the rise in value of the Property since the date of the
expiry of the 21-day notices. The latter point was confirmed by the Vendor’s
counsel.

41 There are some other points which I would like to elaborate on which I hope
will be of assistance to parties and their solicitors.

42 When a dispute arises on the interpretation of a contractual or statutory
provision, it is only natural that every means should be made to resolve it
amicably or on an interim basis, for example, by making payment of any
disputed sum under protest or to a stakeholder.

43 However, if there is no amicable settlement or interim solution, then the
parties should file an action as soon as possible to seek a court ruling
before it is too late and not wait till the contractual date of completion or
when a notice to complete is given or has expired. Time is critical.

44 In addition, the appropriate mode of commencing such an action is the
originating summons and not the writ of summons. The advantage of an
originating summons procedure, if properly used, is that there is no need for
pleadings and discovery and its hearing date is much earlier than for a writ.

45 Moreover, as a matter of caution, one should consider applying for interim
relief in respect of the completion of the sale and purchase agreement in case
the originating summons is not heard in time. Thus, for example, where a
purchaser declines to make payment of the disputed sum to a vendor because of
a genuine fear of dissipation of that sum and the vendor in turn declines to
agree that the disputed sum be held by a stakeholder, the purchaser should
apply for an interim order to complete the sale with provision being made for
the disputed sum. If the court considers it unreasonable for the vendor to
decline a stakeholdership arrangement, it can nevertheless order completion to
be effected and the disputed sum to be paid to a stakeholder or into court
which is effectively the same thing. If the court does not consider it
reasonable to withhold the disputed sum from the vendor for the time being, it
can order that sum to be paid to the vendor on completion pending the outcome
of the action. Whichever interim order is made, the sale and purchase
transaction is preserved and the scope of the dispute is restricted to the
disputed sum as should be the case. The disputed sum should not be allowed to
jeopardise the entire transaction.

**Schedule**

_AGREED STATEMENT OF FACTS_

1. |  On 31st of March 2010, the parties met and agreed to purchase the property at a price of S$3.8 million.  
---|---  
2. |  The property was a non-residential property.  
3. |  The purchase price quoted by the Defendant was S$3.8 million.  
4. |  The Plaintiffs were not informed on 31st March 2010 that the Defendant was GST registered.  
5. |  There was no discussion on the payment of GST on the purchase price.  
6. |  The Option to Purchase incorporates by reference the Law Society’s Conditions of Sale 1999.  
7. |  The Option was valid for 14 days from 31st March 2010 and it was exercised by the Plaintiffs on 14th April 2010.  
8. |  There was no communication between the parties on GST or any other matter during the said 14 days period.  
9. |  The very first time the Plaintiffs were informed by the Defendant that the Plaintiffs will have to pay GST on the purchase price was by way of the Defendant’s solicitors’ letter dated 15th April 2010.  
10. |  On 30th July 2010, the Defendant gave the Plaintiffs notice to complete pursuant to the Law Society’s Conditions of Sale 1999.  
11. |  On 30th July 2010, the Plaintiffs gave notice to complete pursuant to the Law Society’s Conditions of Sale 1999.  
12. |  Both notices expired on 21st August 2010.  
  
  

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 16 Aug 2011 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

