Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Public Prosecutor _v_ Syamsul Hilal bin Ismail  
[2011] SGHC 272

Case Number| :| Magistrate's Appeal No 94 of 2011  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 30 December 2011  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Chao Hick Tin JA  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Leong Wing Tuck and Nicholas Khoo (Attorney-General's
Chambers) for the appellant; K Sathinathan (M/s Sathi & Co) for the
respondent.  
Parties| :|  Public Prosecutor — Syamsul Hilal bin Ismail  
  
30 December 2011|  
---|---  
  
Chao Hick Tin JA:

Introduction

1 This was an appeal against the sentence imposed by a Senior District Judge
("the SDJ") in _PP v Syamsul_ _Hilal bin Ismail_ [2011] SGDC 147 ("the GD"),
where the Respondent pleaded guilty to 18 charges. Fifteen of those charges
were for cheating offences (punishable under s 420 of the Penal Code (Cap 224,
2008 Rev Ed) (“PC”)) and the remaining three involved criminal breach of trust
(“CBT”) (punishable under s 406 of the PC). The cheating offences related,
_inter alia_ , to a car rental scam (“the car rental scam offences”) and a
loan scam (“the loan scam offences”), while the three CBT offences involved
the misappropriation of school laptops (“the laptop CBT offences”). Another 72
charges were admitted and taken into consideration for the purpose of
sentencing.[note: 1]

2 The Respondent was sentenced to two months’ imprisonment for each car rental
scam offence, three months’ imprisonment for each laptop CBT offence and five
months’ imprisonment for each loan scam offence. One imprisonment term from
each set of offences was ordered to run consecutively, making a total of 10
months’ imprisonment. The prosecution appealed on the ground that the overall
sentence imposed by the SDJ was manifestly inadequate. I allowed the
prosecution’s appeal and enhanced the total sentence to 15 months’
imprisonment by ordering one additional five month imprisonment term (for a
loan scam offence) to run consecutively. I now set out the reasons for my
decision.

The factual background

3 The Respondent committed four broad categories of offences. He admitted to
the Statement of Facts (which pertained to the first three categories only)
without qualification. The four categories are briefly described below.

(a) Car rental scam offences

4 In July 2010, the Respondent posted online advertisements on websites such
as www.gumtree.sg and www.cars.sg-rentals.com named “Hari Raya Cars 2010
Specials (Last Minute Cars)”, offering car rental deals. From mid-August 2010,
he met interested parties and entered into rental agreements with them which
he signed using a fictitious name. He even gave one complainant a test
drive.[note: 2] The victims handed deposits, ranging from $50[note: 3] to
$550[note: 4], over to him. He later became uncontactable.

(b) Laptop CBT offences

5 Between April and June 2010, the Respondent misappropriated 14 Temasek
Junior College (“TJC”) laptops which were entrusted to him as a technical
assistant attached to the school. He sold them to pay off his debts. Earlier
in March 2010, the Respondent had also misappropriated a laptop from Jurong
Secondary School. The 15 laptops were individually valued at between $1,504 to
$2,201.

(c) Loan Scam offences committed while on bail

6 The Respondent was charged in court on 13 September 2010 pursuant to
complaints relating to the car rental scam offences. While on bail between
December 2010 and February 2011, he committed the loan scam offences. These
offences largely involved advertisements on online fora such as
www.gumtree.com.sg and flashloan.sgpsg.com where he purportedly offered to
arrange loans (expressly including loans to low-income earners).[note: 5] To
add credibility to his ruse, the Respondent also created an online form for
the victims to fill up.[note: 6] The victims were asked to make advance
payments ranging from $40 to $2,000 to the Respondent. Again, he later became
uncontactable.

(d) Remaining offences committed while on bail

7 In the same period in which he committed the loan scam offences, the
Respondent also committed what I will refer to as the “employment scam” and
the “Paypal credits scam” offences. The charges pertaining to these offences
were not proceeded with but were admitted by the Respondent to be taken into
consideration. The Statement of Facts did not elaborate on these charges.
Briefly, from the charge sheets,[note: 7] the employment scam saw the
Respondent pretending to offer his victims employment as Information
Technology store assistants or technicians. He then dishonestly induced his
victims to pay sums of between $50 to $70 to him as deposit payments for
uniforms. As for the Paypal credits scam, the two relevant charge sheets[note:
8] stated that the Respondent deceived his victims into believing he was able
to offer them Paypal credits. He then dishonestly induced his victims to pay
him $234 and $354 (on the two charges respectively) as payment for the Paypal
credits which he could not provide.

8 The amounts involved in each set of the offences are enumerated in the
following table:

|  s 420 Car rental scam  (SDJ’s sentence: _two months per charge_)  
---|---  
|  Proceeded |  Taken into consideration (“TIC”) |  Total  
No. of Charges |  12 |  49 |  61  
Amount involved |  $3,435 |  $2,740 |  $6,175  
Average amount per charge |  $286 |  $56 |  _$101_  
|  s 406 Laptop CBT offences  (SDJ’s sentence: _three months per charge_)  
|  Proceeded |  TIC |  Total  
No. of Charges |  3 |  12 |  15  
Amount involved |  $6,603 |  $19,248 |  $25,851  
Average amount per charge |  $2,201 |  $1,604 |  _$1,723_  
|  s 420 Loan scam (SDJ’s sentence: _five months per charge_)  
|  Proceeded |  TIC |  Total  
No. of Charges |  3 |  5 |  8  
Amount involved |  $4,000 |  $1,800 |  $5,800  
Average amount per charge |  $1,333 |  $360 |  _$725_  
|  Employment scam  
|  Proceeded |  TIC |  Total  
No. of Charges |  0 |  4 |  4  
Amount involved |  0 |  $220 |  $220  
Average amount per charge |  0 |  $55 |  _$55_  
|  Paypal credits scam  
|  Proceeded |  TIC |  Total  
No. of Charges |  0 |  2 |  2  
Amount involved |  0 |  $588 |  $588  
Average amount per charge |  0 |  $294 |  _$294_  
  
  

9 Therefore, the total amount involved in the 18 charges proceeded with was
$14,038; the total amount involved in the remaining 72 charges taken into
consideration was $24,596; and the grand total sum involved in both the
proceeded charges and the charges taken into consideration was $38,634.

The statutory provisions

10 As stated above at [1], the car rental scam and the loan scam offences were
punishable under s 420 of the PC. For ease of reference, I set out the salient
portions of ss 415 and 420 of the PC here:

**Cheating**

415\. Whoever, by deceiving any person, whether or not such deception was the
sole or main inducement, fraudulently or dishonestly induces the person so
deceived to deliver any property to any person, or to consent that any person
shall retain any property, or intentionally induces the person so deceived to
do or omit to do anything which he would not do or omit to do if he were not
so deceived, and which act or omission causes or is likely to cause damage or
harm to any person in body, mind, reputation or property, is said to “cheat”.

...

**Cheating and dishonestly inducing a delivery of property**

420\. Whoever cheats and thereby dishonestly induces the person deceived to
deliver any property to any person, or to make, alter or destroy the whole or
any part of a valuable security, or anything which is signed or sealed, and
which is capable of being converted into a valuable security, shall be
punished with imprisonment for a term which may extend to 10 years, and shall
also be liable to fine.

11 The laptop CBT offences were punishable under s 406 of the PC. Accordingly,
I likewise set out the salient portions of ss 405 and 406 of the PC here:

**Criminal breach of trust**

405\. Whoever, being in any manner entrusted with property, or with any
dominion over property, dishonestly misappropriates or converts to his own use
that property, or dishonestly uses or disposes of that property in violation
of any direction of law prescribing the mode in which such trust is to be
discharged, or of any legal contract, express or implied, which he has made
touching the discharge of such trust, or wilfully suffers any other person to
do so, commits “criminal breach of trust”.

…

**Punishment of criminal breach of trust**

406\. Whoever commits criminal breach of trust shall be punished with
imprisonment for a term which may extend to 7 years, or with fine, or with
both.

12 Therefore, the maximum custodial sentence which could be imposed for each
of the car rental scam and the loan scam offences was 10 years’ imprisonment;
and the maximum custodial sentence which could be imposed for each of the
laptop CBT offences was 7 years’ imprisonment.

The Senior District Judge’s decision

13 The SDJ noted that the key aggravating factors were that the Respondent had
reoffended (_ie_ , referring to the loan scam offences) soon after being
charged in court, the large number of offences and victims and the
premeditation and planning involved (GD at [21]). While the SDJ did not accord
the Respondent’s unrelated antecedents (pertaining to traffic offences) any
weight (GD at [20]), he gave the Respondent’s plea of guilt minimal credit
since the Respondent made no restitution and had reoffended while on bail (GD
at [16]). Nevertheless, it would appear that he did accord a small measure of
credit to the Respondent’s plea of guilt for the resources and inconveniences
which that plea had saved (GD at [31]). The SDJ also found it immaterial
whether the Respondent’s offences were motivated by his desire to clear his
debts (GD at [18]).

14 Although the SDJ accepted that it was relevant to consider the fact that
the Respondent targeted low-income earners in the loan scam, he rejected the
Deputy Public Prosecutor’s (“the DPP’s”) submission that the victims of the
loan scam were “in debt and in genuine need of help”, which assertion was not
reflected in the Statement of Facts (GD at [19]). As for the fact that the car
rental and loan scams involved Internet advertisement postings, the SDJ found
that fact “neither here nor there” (GD at [32]) since the same scams could
have been perpetrated through other channels such as traditional print media.

15 Moving on to sentencing precedents, the SDJ considered _Choong Swee Foong v
PP_ (MA 152/94/01 – unreported, cited in _Sentencing Practice in the
Subordinate Courts_ (LexisNexis, 2nd Ed, 2003) ("_Sentencing Practice_ ") at p
424) as relevant to the laptop CBT offences (GD at [24]); and _Goh Siew Buay v
PP_ (MA 54/99/01 – unreported, cited in _Sentencing Practice_ at pp 477 – 478)
in relation to the cheating offences. As _Goh Siew Buay_ involved a sum of
$200,000 and the total amount obtained by the Respondent was only $38,000, the
SDJ took one-fifth of the sentence in _Goh Siew Buay_ (28 months’
imprisonment) as the starting point for determining the appropriate sentence
for the Respondent which meant four to five months’ imprisonment[note: 9] (GD
at [24] to [27]). It seemed to me that here the SDJ had made an arithmetic
mistake as one-fifth of 28 months’ imprisonment would be between five to six
months’ imprisonment and not four to five months.

16 The SDJ noted, quite rightly, that an aggregate sentence of four to five
months’ imprisonment was manifestly inadequate and that he was minded to scale
up the sentences. He then, having stated that his provisional view was that
the total sentence range would have to be closer to nine to 10 months’
imprisonment (GD at [28]), went on to determine the sentences for the
individual charges. In determining the sentences for the loan scam charges,
the SDJ considered that they merited a higher sentence as they were committed
while the Respondent was on bail (GD at [30]).

17 Finally, I noted that at [8] of the GD, the SDJ stated that “[f]ourteen
victims fell prey to the loan scam and they were cheated of $6,609 in all.” I
should, however, point out that that was inaccurate as the schedule of
offences and charge sheets show that there were only eight charges in respect
of the loan scam. Of the six charges remaining, four were in respect of the
employment scam and two related to the Paypal credits scam. In any case,
nothing turned on this.

The appellant's case

18 First, Deputy Public Prosecutor Leong Wing Tuck (“DPP Leong”) submitted
that the Respondent’s use of the Internet in relation to the car rental scam
and the loan scam was an aggravating factor and that the SDJ was mistaken in
failing to consider it as such. Second, he argued that the SDJ gave
insufficient consideration to the extent of pre-meditation involved. In
relation to the car rental scam, the Respondent had gone so far as to set up a
test drive and to use fictitious names and addresses in rental agreements
which he entered into with the victims. Third, DPP Leong averred that the SDJ
had erred in failing to consider as aggravating the fact that the Respondent
had specifically targeted persons celebrating Hari Raya. The impact of the
offences on the victims and their families went beyond the mere loss of their
rental deposits and included the severe disruption of familial arrangements
and expectations. Fourth, regarding the laptop CBT offences, DPP Leong
submitted that the SDJ had failed to sufficiently consider the number of the
laptops misappropriated and the ensuing consequences for the relevant schools
and their students. Fifth, DPP Leong contended that the SDJ had failed to
sufficiently consider the magnitude and aggravated impact the loan scam would
have on the low income victims whom the Respondent had specifically targeted.
Finally, he emphasised that the SDJ, in determining the aggregate sentence,
had failed to sufficiently consider the aggravating factors, _ie_ , the large
number of victims and the sentencing objectives of deterrence and retribution.

19 In this regard, DPP Leong clarified that in making the aforesaid
submissions the prosecution was not taking issue with the sentences passed for
each of the individual offences. What the prosecution sought was that more of
the sentences passed should have been ordered to run consecutively so that a
longer aggregate custodial sentence would be imposed having regard to the
total culpability of the Respondent for the charges proceeded against him as
well as those taken into account.

20 As an illustration, DPP Leong pointed out that had the prosecution
proceeded only on the three charges for the loan scam offences, the Respondent
would also have received an imprisonment sentence of 10 months. This is
because s 307(1) of the Criminal Procedure Code 2010 states that at least two
of the Respondent’s imprisonment sentences for those offences would have to
run consecutively. DPP Leong also highlighted the trajectory of the
Respondent’s criminal conduct. Although his _modus operandi_ for the car
rental scam involved him meeting his victims, his _modus_ for some of the loan
scam offences which he committed while on bail did not require him to meet the
victims at all and allowed him to cheat the victims under the cloak of
anonymity.

21 In summation, DPP Leong submitted that given the aggravating factors, the
aggregate sentence should have been in the region of 18 months’
imprisonment.[note: 10] He also highlighted the fact that there was an
apparent dearth of appellate court authority on cases involving the cheating
of relatively modest amounts of money from a large number of victims.[note:
11] He asked that guidance be given to the lower courts.

The Respondent’s case

22 Counsel for the Respondent, Mr Sathinathan, submitted that the SDJ had
sufficiently considered all the factors and points raised by the prosecution,
including the extent of premeditation involved and the large number of
victims. In respect of the car rental scam, Mr Sathinathan argued that the
Internet advertisements only served as a lure for the victims. It was the
Respondent’s persuasiveness at his meetings with the victims that caused them
to part with their monies and it was at these meetings that the “actual
cheating” occurred.

23 Mr Sathinathan also emphasised that no special computer background was
required to adopt the Respondent’s _modus operandi_ of posting Internet
advertisements and online forms to lure victims. In addition, he pointed out
that the first of the loan scam offences in fact arose from an Internet
advertisement placed by the victim (and not the Respondent) who was looking
for a loan. This was what alerted the Respondent to the presence of such loan
seekers on the Internet and led him to put up fake Internet advertisements and
online forms to take advantage of them.

Principles governing appellate intervention

24 It is trite law that an appellate court should only intervene in the
sentence imposed by a lower court where (i) the judge below erred with respect
to the proper factual basis for sentencing; (ii) the judge below failed to
appreciate the materials placed before him; (iii) the sentence was wrong in
principle; or (iv) the sentence was manifestly excessive or manifestly
inadequate, as the case may be: _PP v UI_ [2008] 4 SLR(R) 500 at [12]. As will
be made clear below, factors (iii) and (iv) were particularly germane for this
appeal.

The SDJ’s approach

25 Before I move on to explain my perception as to the appropriate sentence
for the offences in question, some observations should be made of the SDJ’s
sentencing approach. It was apparent from the GD that the SDJ first took the
provisional view that a global sentence of around nine to 10 months’
imprisonment would be appropriate for all the offences which the Respondent
had committed and on that basis worked backwards to determine the sentence per
charge for each of the three categories of offences proceeded on (see
[28]–[30] and [34] of the GD). Undoubtedly, his provisional view on the global
sentence to be imposed on the Respondent had directly influenced his
determination of the appropriate sentence for each of the individual offences.

26 In my view, the better and more logical approach would have been to first
determine the sentences for the individual offences by having regard to the
respective sentencing precedents, before stepping back for a holistic
perspective in order to determine which sentences should be ordered to run
consecutively to make for an appropriate global sentence. This two-stage
approach was alluded to by V K Rajah JA in _ADF v PP and another appeal_
[2010] 1 SLR 874 (“ _ADF v PP_ ”) at [92]:

... Where multiple distinct offences have been committed, sentencing is a two-
stage process. First, the sentence for each individual offence had to be
determined. Second, the court has to determine whether the sentences for these
multiple offences ought to run concurrently or consecutively and if
consecutively, which combination of sentences ought to be made and whether the
overall sentence properly comprehends the criminality of the multiple offender
...

27 Keeping the two stages distinct would allow for a more principled approach
in determining the appropriate sentence to be imposed for each individual
offence than if the court were to determine the same by working backwards from
a pre-conceived global sentence. This is because a court would generally not
be able to properly comprehend the overall criminality of the multiple
offender (so as to determine an appropriate global sentence) unless it first
comes to grips with the individual offences by going through the exercise of
determining the appropriate sentence for each offence (in this case, due to
the large number of charges, beginning by determining an appropriate sentence
per charge for each of the categories of offences would have been acceptable),
having regard to the applicable sentencing precedents. To begin by first
considering and determining the appropriate global sentence would be like
putting the cart before the horse.

28 In any case, as stated above at [19], the prosecution did not challenge the
adequacy of the individual sentences passed for each of the charges proceeded
with. However, it challenged the global sentence of ten months’ imprisonment
imposed by the SDJ. It is to this challenge that I now turn.

Determination of the number of sentences to run consecutively

The law

29 Having distinguished between the first and second stages of the sentencing
process for an offender who has committed multiple distinct offences (see
above at [26]), the court in _ADF v PP_ went on to distinguish “sentence
specific aggravating factors” and “cumulative aggravating features” (also at
[92]):

... If sentence specific aggravating factors are present, the sentence for
each particular offence should be appropriately enhanced. _Cumulative
aggravating features, on the other hand, are features that ordinarily have
primary relevance at the second stage of sentencing, particularly as regards
to the issue of whether the global sentence should be enhanced by consecutive
sentencing, when multiple distinct offences have been committed._ ...

[emphasis added]

Therefore, cumulative aggravating factors are key considerations for the
second stage, when the court has to determine how many of the sentences
imposed for the individual offences should be ordered to run consecutively.

30 This is an appropriate juncture to refer to s 18 of the Criminal Procedure
Code (Cap 68, 1985 Rev Ed) (“the old CPC”), which states that where at least
three imprisonment sentences are imposed for distinct offences, at least two
of those imprisonment sentences must run consecutively:

**Consecutive sentences in certain cases.**

18\. Where at one trial a person is convicted and sentenced to imprisonment
for at least 3 distinct offences, the court before which he is convicted shall
order that the sentences for at least two of those offences shall run
consecutively.

This provision of the old CPC applied for charges proffered before 2 January
2011 (see r 2 of the Criminal Procedure Code (Transitional Provisions –
Further Proceedings and Joint Trials) Regulations 2011). For charges proffered
on or after 2 January 2011, the equivalent provision is at s 307(1) of the
Criminal Procedure Code 2010 (as stated above at [20]) which reads:

**Consecutive sentences in certain cases**

307\. —(1) Subject to subsection (2), if at one trial a person is convicted
and sentenced to imprisonment for at least 3 distinct offences, the court
before which he is convicted must order the sentences for at least 2 of those
offences to run consecutively.

It would be seen that, in substance, there is no real difference between what
was provided in the earlier s 18 and the current s 307(1).

31 Therefore the court has the discretion, where at a trial a person is
sentenced to imprisonment for at least three distinct offences, to order that
more than two imprisonment sentences should run consecutively. In _ADF v PP_ ,
the court discussed some cumulative aggravating factors and how they should
guide the exercise of this discretion (at [146]):

... A decision to impose more than two consecutive sentences ought not to be
lightly made and, indeed, should usually only be imposed in compelling
circumstances. ... Multiple wrongdoing by a multiple wrongdoer as a general
rule must be viewed more severely than single offending involving similar
offences. The community (and the victim(s)) have suffered more because of the
greater harm done. Often the exercise of this discretion will involve
intuitive (and not mathematical) considerations and calibration that takes
into account the totality of the criminal behaviour. There is no rigid linear
relationship between the severity of the offending and the length of the
cumulative sentence. In my view, an order for  _more than_ two sentences to
run consecutively ought to be given serious consideration in dealing with
distinct offences when one or more of the following circumstances are present,
_viz_ :

(a) dealing with persistent or habitual offenders (see [141] above);

**_(b) there is a pressing public interest concern in discouraging the type of
criminal conduct being punished_** (see [143]-[144] above);

**_(c) there are multiple victims_** _; and_

(d) other peculiar cumulative aggravating features are present (see [92]
above).

**_In particular, where the overall criminality of the offender's conduct
cannot be encompassed in two consecutive sentences, further consecutive
sentences ought to be considered._** I reiterate that the above circumstances
are non-exhaustive and should not be taken as rigid guidelines to constrain or
shackle a sentencing court's powers. Beyond this, I do not think that it will
be helpful to spell out how this discretion must be exercised. Myriad
permutations of offending can take place and too dogmatic or structured an
approach would constrain effective sentencing. **_In the ultimate analysis,
the court has to assess the totality of the aggregate sentence with the
totality of the criminal behaviour._**

[original emphasis in italics; emphasis added in bold italics]

The large number of victims

32 The third cumulative aggravating circumstance identified in _ADF v PP_ was
that of multiple victims. As this case involved a large number of victims, it
was not surprising that the SDJ imposed three consecutive sentences. The
question which the prosecution raised, however, was whether, even though three
sentences were ordered to run consecutively, the total sentence so imposed was
adequate punishment for the overall criminality of the Respondent’s conduct so
as to reflect society’s abhorrence of the same.

33 In support of his submission that the foregoing question should be answered
in the negative, DPP Leong cited the case of _PP v Fernando Payagala_ _Waduge_
_Malitha Kumar_ [2007] 2 SLR(R) 334 (“ _Fernando_ ”), which involved credit
card fraud. In that case, Rajah JA set out various factors to be considered in
the sentencing of credit card offences (see [38]–[54] of _Fernando_). One of
these factors was the number of offences committed, which the court elaborated
on at [46]-[48]:

46 As both a matter of common sense and general principle, it can be said that
the larger the number of offences committed, the longer the custodial
sentence. The application of this principle in credit card offences is amply
illustrated by _Mihaly_ _Magashazie_ ([19]  _supra_), where the court
concluded that the numerous fraudulent purchases made by the accused justified
the imposition of longer custodial sentences. The massive number of charges in
_Rohaazman bin Ali_ ([24]  _supra_) also proved to be a relevant consideration
for the court in sentencing.

...

48 The nexus between the number of offences and quantum involved was also
discussed in the _Law Gazette Article_. Lee Teck Leng observed:

[T]he total sentence imposed on an offender convicted of multiple charges
would still bear some semblance to the sentence that may be passed in a case
where an offender is convicted of a _single_ cheating offence involving the
same sum of money. This is due to the fact that from the victim's view point,
the sentences to be imposed should not, logically speaking, depend greatly on
whether the victim was cheated a hundred times amounting to a total of
$250,000 or cheated once to the tune of $250,000. Having said that, it is also
quite clear that an offender who has cheated a victim of small amounts a
hundred times over is a serial offender and he would rightly be regarded as
being more culpable than an offender who cheated only once, albeit of a large
sum. **_Amalgamating both perspectives, it would appear that the total
sentence imposed on the serial cheat would probably be slightly higher than
the sentence imposed on an offender convicted of a single cheating offence, if
the total quantum is identical in both instances_**. [emphasis added in bold
italics]

To this, I would add that sentences meted out in serial cheating cases should
not be only "slightly higher" as compared to that assigned to a single
offender for the same quantum. The sentence could in the appropriate
circumstances be _significantly_ higher. _A serial offender would be hard put
to credibly submit that his conduct was the result of a momentary
indiscretion_.

[emphasis in original]

I agreed with the prosecution that those statements were equally applicable in
the present case even though it did not involve credit card fraud. In the
circumstances of this case, the Respondent had demonstrated himself to be a
serial cheat by resorting to the car rental and loan scams. It stands to
reason that his sentence should be significantly higher than if he were
convicted of only a single cheating offence, albeit that the total amounts
involved in both scenarios are the same or similar.

34 In the present case, there was a total of 75 charges brought against the
Respondent for cheating. Notwithstanding that some of those 75 charges were
for offences which involved the same victim, the fact remained that the
Respondent had cheated and caused much distress and inconvenience to some 70
people. While I appreciate that determining a proportionate punishment for a
crime involved an exercise of discretion by the lower court which the
appellate court should not lightly interfere with, it seemed to me that the
SDJ did not focus sufficiently on the total criminality of the Respondent. As
stated above at [20], the prosecution had quite rightly pointed out that had
the prosecution proceeded only on the three charges for the single category of
the loan scam offences, the Respondent would already have received an
imprisonment sentence of 10 months. In my view, this was a clear indicator
that the number of consecutive sentences imposed by the SDJ was not adequate
to encompass the overall culpability of the Respondent’s conduct (see _ADF v
PP_ at [146], [31]  _supra_). In _PP v Tan Fook Sum_ [1999] 1 SLR(R) 1022 at
[16], Yong Pung How CJ (“Yong CJ”) held:

... The essence of the retributive principle, then, is that the offender must
pay for what he has done. The idea is that punishment restores the just order
of society which has been disrupted by his crime. It follows that the
punishment must reflect and befit the seriousness of the crime. ...

To my mind, the global sentence imposed by the SDJ was clearly insufficient to
address the harm caused to the Respondent’s various victims.

The use of the Internet

35 I should now turn to address the significance of the Respondent’s use of
the Internet to perpetrate his crimes. In this regard, the prosecution
submitted the following:

The learned SDJ had erred in law and in fact, in failing to consider as an
aggravating factor, the fact that by posting the rental and loan
advertisements on the internet websites and forums, the Respondent was able to
reach a much wider pool of potential victims.[note: 12]

36 In _ADF v PP_ , another identified cumulative circumstance which militates
for the imposition of more than two consecutive sentences is a pressing public
interest in discouraging the type of criminal conduct being punished (see _ADF
v PP_ at [146], [31]  _supra_). I also note that in _PP v Huang Hong Si_
[2003] 3 SLR(R) 57 (“ _Huang Hong Si_ ”), Choo Han Teck J stated (at [11])
that the public interest was one of the four major distinctive aspects of the
degree of seriousness of a crime. In relation to the prosecution’s submission,
I accept that the use of the Internet is a relevant sentencing consideration
in that there is a strong public interest to deter potential offenders from
using that medium to reach a larger number of potential victims. In _PP v Law
Aik_ _Meng_ [2007] 2 SLR(R) 814, Rajah JA held at [27]:

27  _General deterrence is derived from the overarching concept of "public
interest"._ In  _Angliss_ ([16]  _supra_), I had specified that public
interest in sentencing is tantamount to the court's view of how public
security can be enhanced by imposing an appropriate sentence. _A sentencing
judge should apply his mind to whether the sentence is necessary and justified
by the public's interest in deterring and preventing particular criminal
conduc_ t:  _Angliss_ ([16]  _supra_) at [17]. This context should form the
backdrop for the interpretation of my decision in  _Tan Kay Beng_. _The types
of offences and offenders for which punishment will be "certain and
unrelenting" would therefore depend upon the corresponding interest of the
public in preventing that kind of conduct and in restraining particular
offenders._ For example, given the current climate where international and
domestic terrorist security threats are more prevalent than before, bomb
hoaxers must inexorably be visited with draconian sentences. (See  _PP v
Mohammad Farhan bin Moh Mustafa_ District Arrest Case No 1808 of 2004 where
the accused was sentenced to three and a half years' imprisonment for a bomb
hoax; the senior district judge correctly declared at [14] that "it [was]
clear that the sentencing of [such] offences ... must be treated seriously and
that a strong deterrent be sent to those whose idle minds might otherwise turn
to creating false alarms".) Such offences are easy to commit and difficult to
detect and could become rampant if not firmly dealt with. _A clear signal must
be unequivocally sent by the sentencing court, through an appropriate
sentence, that such behaviour will be perennially viewed with grave and
unrelenting disapprobation._

[emphasis added]

37 In my view, insufficient consideration was given by the SDJ in respect of
the public interest element which was that like-minded potential offenders
should be deterred from following the Respondent’s footsteps in using the
Internet to prey on a large pool of potential scam victims.

38 In this regard, I must deal with the case of _Rupchand Bhojwani Sunil v PP_
[2004] 1 SLR(R) 596 (“ _Rupchand_ _Bhojwani_ ”), which was helpfully
highlighted to me by Mr Sathinathan. In that case, Yong CJ reduced the
offender’s sentence for cheating (punishable under s 417 of the Penal Code
(Cap 224, 1985 Rev Ed)) from 12 months’ imprisonment to six months’
imprisonment for the reason, _inter alia_ , that the district judge had over-
emphasised the fact of Internet misuse. There, the offender had intercepted an
Internet order for certain products and proceeded to collect US$42,000 _via_
telegraphic transfer from the person who made the order. He did not deliver
the products and eventually pleaded guilty to cheating.

39 In sentencing the offender to 12 months’ imprisonment, which was the
maximum sentence at the time, the district judge relied on dicta from _Tay Kim
Kuan v PP_ [2001] 2 SLR(R) 876 and _PP v Muhammad Nuzaihan bin Kamal_ _Luddin_
[1999] 3 SLR(R) 653. However, Yong CJ held that the reasoning in those two
cases was not applicable to the case of _Rupchand Bhojwani_. Regarding the
former case, the reasoning behind the deterrent sentence was the protection of
the young and gullible from the sexual perils of the Internet (at [22] of
_Rupchand Bhojwani_). As for the latter case, it was distinguished on the
basis that it involved pure Internet misuse, as opposed to a cheating offence
as was the case in _Rupchand Bhojwani_ (at [24]).

40 Significantly, Yong CJ held (at [23] of _Rupchand Bhojwani_) that the
court’s stance against Internet abuse should not be applied _carte blanche_
whenever an Internet or computer resource is misused; rather, the court must
look at the role of such misuse in the commission of the offence. In Yong CJ’s
view, the role of Internet misuse in _Rupchand Bhojwani_ was “peripheral” (see
_Rupchand Bhojwani_ at [23]) and he said at [25]:

25 As such, I found that the district judge, although not wrong in emphasising
the need to control Internet misuse by imposing deterrent sentences in the
appropriate cases, had over-emphasised the fact of Internet misuse in this
instance. Therefore, the reasoning process towards her decision adopted
conclusions and considerations from cases that were not directly applicable
here. _As a result, her decision did not take into account the fact that this
was a case of pure cheating, with the slight involvement of Internet misuse
along the way._ As such, I found that although the district judge was correct
in convicting Sunil on the charge, she had imposed a sentence that was
manifestly excessive.

[emphasis added]

Thus, the question which arose in the present case was whether, in relation to
the numerous offences of cheating committed by the Respondent, was the use of
the Internet likewise nothing more than “peripheral”.

41 When the Respondent’s individual offences are viewed in isolation, the
Internet misuse in this case might seem “peripheral” because they could have
been committed even without the medium of the Internet (_eg_ , by traditional
print media, as the SDJ noted at [32] of the GD). However, it becomes clear
that Internet misuse was not merely “peripheral” in this case when one views
the Respondent’s numerous offences in their totality. Indeed, the most
significant aggravating circumstance in this case was the large number of
offences committed, which was largely facilitated by the Respondent’s use of
the Internet to effectively publicise his scams. As the prosecution submitted,
the geographical reach of his criminal enterprise was remarkable.[note: 13]
The Respondent collected monies from victims of his car rental scam in car
parks and void decks all over Singapore – from Pasir Ris, to Jurong West and
to Woodlands. He might have been able to achieve a similar reach with an
advertisement in the newspapers, but it was unlikely that that would have been
as cost-effective. I should also state my disagreement with Mr Sathinathan’s
submission that the Internet advertisements served only as lures and for most
of the offences, the “actual cheating” occurred when the Respondent
successfully persuaded his victims to part with their monies (see above at
[22]). To my mind, the “actual cheating” began with the Respondent’s Internet
advertisements.

42 Returning to the facts of _Rupchand Bhojwani_ , it must be recognised that
that case involved only one cheating offence through the use of the Internet
and that occurred when the offender intercepted an Internet order. He did not
use the Internet, as the Respondent did here, to publicise a scam with a view
to reaching out to a large number of potential victims. That explains the
court’s view that the role of Internet misuse in that case was nothing more
than peripheral. In juxtaposition, the present case involved 75 cheating
offences, most of which arose from the Respondent’s Internet advertisements
which were calculated precisely to cheat many people of small sums of money.
Leaving aside the laptop CBT offences, it seemed to me that the Respondent had
gone on a cheating spree using the medium of the Internet. As I have stated
above (at [36]–[37]), would-be criminals should be deterred from using the
Internet as a cheap, convenient and effective publicity platform to reach
large numbers of potential victims in a targeted manner as the Respondent did.
Therefore, in determining an appropriate overall sentence for this case, I
took the Respondent’s misuse of the Internet (which led to a large number of
victims being cheated) into account as a circumstance which warranted the
imposition of a deterrent sentence. One of the four established principles for
sentencing is deterrence: R  _v James Henry Sargeant_ (1974) 60 Cr App R 74 at
77.

Conclusion

43 In my view, the sentence passed by the lower court was wrong in principle
as it did not give sufficient weight to the aggravating circumstance of the
large number of people who fell victim to his scams. Further, I considered
that the SDJ should also have taken into account the Respondent’s use of the
Internet to prey on a large pool of potential scam victims as a circumstance
warranting, in the public interest, the imposition of a deterrent sentence.
There was a need to prevent copycats. Therefore, I held that the overall
sentence passed by the SDJ was manifestly inadequate.

44 In the result, bearing in mind the numerous cheating charges which the
Respondent had pleaded guilty to and admitted to be taken into consideration,
I was of the view that a total sentence of 15 months’ imprisonment was called
for. Accordingly, I allowed the prosecution’s appeal and enhanced the
Respondent’s total sentence from 10 months to 15 months. To give effect to
that, I ordered that an additional five-month imprisonment sentence for a loan
scam offence (DAC 8580/2011, which involved a loan scam victim who was cheated
of $2,000) be ordered to run consecutively with the sentences originally
ordered by the SDJ to run consecutively.

* * *

[note: 1]The GD states incorrectly at [1] that 75 counts were taken into
consideration for the purpose of sentencing.

[note: 2]Statement of Facts at para 9. Record of Proceedings (“ROP”) at p 135.

[note: 3]See for _eg_ , 45th to 50th charges (amended). ROP at pp 70-75.

[note: 4]51st charge (amended). ROP at p 26.

[note: 5]Statements of Facts at paras 88 and 95. ROP 152 and 154.

[note: 6]Statements of Facts at paras 88 and 95. ROP 152 and 154.

[note: 7]77th and 79th to 81st charges (amended). ROP pp 96-99.

[note: 8]87th and 88th charges (amended). ROP pp 104-105.

[note: 9]I noted that 28 months divided by 5 is 5.6 months.

[note: 10]Prosecution’s Skeletal Submissions at para 80.

[note: 11]Prosecution’s Submissions at para 71.

[note: 12]Prosecution’s Skeletal Submissions at p 6.

[note: 13]Prosecution’s Skeletal Submissions at para 38.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 30 Dec 2011 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

