Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  AQP _v_ Comptroller of Income Tax  
[2011] SGHC 229

Case Number| :| Income Tax Appeal No 1 of 2010/Y  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 17 October 2011  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Tay Yong Kwang J  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Nand Singh Gandhi (Allen & Gledhill LLP) for the
Appellant; Julia Mohammed (Inland Revenue Authority of Singapore) for the
Respondent.  
Parties| :|  AQP — Comptroller of Income Tax  
  
[LawNet Editorial Note: In the appeal to this decision in Civil Appeal No 139
of 2011, the Court of Appeal, on 16 January 2013, ordered the proceedings to
be remittted to the Income Tax Board of Review. See [2013] SGCA 3.]

17 October 2011| Judgment reserved.  
---|---  
  
Tay Yong Kwang J:

Introduction

1 This is an appeal concerning the question whether losses caused to a company
by a fraudulent director (“the Ex-MD”) are deductible for income tax purposes
under section 14(1) of the Income Tax Act (Cap 134, 2008 Rev Ed) (“the Act”).
The Ex-MD had misappropriated company funds and caused the appellant to incur
a loss of $12,272,917 (“the Loss”). A few years after the Loss, the appellant
lodged a claim with the respondent seeking relief for the Loss under section
93A of the Act. The respondent rejected the appellant’s claim.

2 After hearing the parties and considering the evidence and the submissions,
I now dismiss the appeal. I will set out the reasons for my decision after the
outline of the relevant facts and the decision from which this appeal arises.

Facts

Background

3 The appellant is a company incorporated in Singapore. It began as a sole
proprietorship established by the founder, Mr B (“the Founder”) in 1956. It
was initially involved in the trading of re-conditioned bearing products
before becoming distributors of bearings and seals. In 1973, the sole
proprietorship was incorporated as a company. On 10 November 1995, it was
listed on SESDAQ. On 2 February 1998, it was upgraded to the SGX Main Board.

4 Among the children of the Founder who took over the management of the
appellant was the youngest son Mr C (“the Ex-MD”). The Ex-MD entered into a
service agreement with the appellant to hold office as Managing Director for
three years commencing on 20 October 1995\. The service agreement was renewed
for a further term of three years from 20 October 1998. At all material times,
he also served as a member of the Board of Directors.

5 On 1 December 1999, the Ex-MD was dismissed as both Director and Managing
Director for misappropriation of the company’s funds as revealed by the
investigations of the Commercial Affairs Department (“CAD”). The Ex-MD was
charged and tried in the District Court.

The conviction of the Ex-MD

6 In _Public Prosecutor v Kwek Chee Tong_ in DAC 48461/99 (“ _PP v KCT_ ”),
the District Judge (“the DJ”) convicted the Ex-MD of 24 charges of criminal
breach of trust under section 409 of the Penal Code (Cap 224, 1985 Rev Ed) and
sentenced him to a term of nine years in prison.

7 During the trial, it was revealed that the Ex-MD’s _modus operandi_ was to
make out false purchase orders to the appellant’s suppliers for the purchase
of bearings, the appellant’s stock in trade. Based on these false purchase
orders, several cheques were issued to him or his nominees on his claim that
he had advanced money from his personal account to the appellant to make the
purchases. He also falsely claimed that he had made loans to the appellant’s
customers for their purchases against which he reimbursed himself from the
appellant’s funds.

8 In reality, the Ex-MD used the misappropriated company funds to pay for his
gambling debts and for personal use (at [151]). The DJ found at [284] that:

The evidence revealed that no one questioned [the Ex-MD’s] instructions. There
was total trust reposed in the accused by virtue of his senior management
position. In evidence he said that he need not have to tell anyone about, and
(as a fact) he had complete control over, the usage of [the appellant’s]
funds. He had access to millions of dollars as [the appellant] was a public
listed company at the material time.

9 The DJ also considered the following aggravating factor at [288]:

There was another aggravating factor: the blatant way in which the monies were
siphoned from the company, some in the form of cash cheques, others as company
cheques, made out directly in the names of or given to, junket operators, or
individuals with no trade dealings with [the appellant]. In most instances the
company’s funds were used to repay the accused’s gambling debts and feed his
gambling habit. The effect on the victim company (as well as the financial
market) would be an erosion of confidence.

The actions leading to the current proceedings

10 After the Ex-MD’s misappropriation came to light, the appellant made
provisions for doubtful debts of $12,410,141 inclusive of the Loss in its
statutory accounts under Extraordinary items for the year ended 31 December
1999. However, no claim for deduction for the Loss was made for the Year of
Assessment 2000 (“YA 2000”).

11 In 2003, the appellant instituted legal proceedings against the Ex-MD for
the amount misappropriated and obtained judgment against him. However,
recovery proved fruitless and the Ex-MD was subsequently adjudged bankrupt.

12 On 15 December 2005, the appellant lodged an “error or mistake” claim for
the Loss under section 93A of the Act with the respondent. By a letter dated 1
December 2008, the respondent made a determination that relief could not be
granted “as there is no error or mistake within the meaning of Section 93A of
[the Act]”.

13 The appellant then filed a Notice of Appeal to the Income Tax Board of
Review (“the Board”) on 5 December 2008\. This was followed on 30 December
2008 by the Petition of Appeal seeking an order (among other things) to direct
the respondent to grant relief to the appellant under section 93A of the Act
and to allow the Loss as a deduction for YA 2000 under section 14(1) of the
Act.

The decision of the Income Tax Board of Review

14 The Board referred to the English approach in _Curtis_ (_HM Inspector of
Taxes) v J & G Oldfield, Limited_ (1925) 9 TC 319 (“the _Curtis_ test”) and
came to the conclusion that the Loss sustained by the appellant was not
deductible under section 14(1) of the Act. The appellant’s appeal was
therefore dismissed.

15 In applying the _Curtis_ test to the facts of the present case, the Board
took particular notice of the _power or control_ the Ex-MD had wielded in the
appellant at [17]:

Besides being the Managing Director the Ex-MD was a substantial shareholder.
Both directly and through his family company D Pte Ltd his interest or deemed
interest ranged between 12.8% to 14.9%. This is a substantial shareholding. As
a substantial shareholder and Managing Director, and based on the evidence,
the Ex-MD was in the language of Rowlatt J _supra_ “in a position to do
exactly what he likes”.

16 The Board reasoned that the Loss was not deductible since the Ex-MD was “in
the same position as the managing director in the _Curtis_ case”. The Board
further held that the _Curtis_ test (as understood and applied by the Board)
is consistent with subsequent cases such as _The Roebank Printing Company
Limited v The Commissioners of Inland Revenue_ (1928) SC 701, 13 TC 864 (“
_The Roebank case_ ”) and _Bamford (HM Inspector of Taxes) v ATA Advertising
Ltd_ (1972) 48 TC 359 (“ _Bamford_ ”).

17 The Board then went on to opine on the issue of whether the appellant’s
omission to set off the Loss in YA 2000 could qualify as an “error or mistake”
under section 93A(1) of the Act, if the Loss were deductible. The Board held
that the omission by the appellant was not “due to oversight” as “it was a
decision made after due consideration that the Loss was not an allowable
deduction under section 14 of the Act” (at [28]). However, the Board agreed
with the appellant’s argument that “[i]f the decision was a mistake it was one
of law and still a mistake falling within section 93A of the Act”.
Nonetheless, the Board held that this was an academic point as it had already
decided that the Loss was not deductible.

The issues on appeal

18 Two issues arise on appeal:

(a) Did the Board err in holding that the Loss incurred by the appellant was
not wholly and exclusively incurred by the appellant in its production of
income under section 14(1) of the Act?

(b) Did the Board err in holding that an erroneous opinion or a grossly
negligent error, such as a mistake of law, can constitute an “error or
mistake” under section 93A of the Act?

Deducibility of losses incurred as a result of defalcation

The Curtis test

19 Section 14(1) of the Act stipulates the deductions a taxpayer is allowed to
make against taxable income:

For the purpose of ascertaining the income of any person for any period from
any source chargeable with tax under this Act (referred to in this Part as the
income), there shall be deducted all outgoings and expenses wholly and
exclusively incurred during that period by that person in the production of
the income...

20 Section 15(1)(b) reinforces section 14(1) by emphasizing that any other
types of disbursements or expenses “not being money wholly and exclusively
laid out or expended for the purpose of acquiring the income” are not allowed
as deductions.

21 The statutory framework thus emphasizes that the touchstone for
deductibility of expenses is that they must necessarily be incurred for the
specific purpose of the production of income. The Court of Appeal in _Pinetree
Resort Pte Ltd v Comptroller of Income Tax_ [2000] 3 SLR(R) 136 stressed (at
[47]) that section 14(1) “ _requires a nexus_ between the incurrence of the
expense and the production of income.” [emphasis added]

22 The general requirement of a “nexus” in the relevant statutory provisions,
however, does not in itself shed light on how losses sustained by a company
due to the defalcation of an employee is to be treated. When would losses
resulting from defalcation have sufficient nexus to be considered “wholly and
exclusively incurred ... in the production of the income”?

23 In the seminal case of _Curtis_ (_HM Inspector of Taxes) v J & G Oldfield,
Limited _(1925) 9 TC 319 (“ _Curtis_ ”), the managing director of the company
was, up to the time of his death, in control of its business in wines and
spirits. An investigation after his death revealed that many payments and
receipts not relating to the company’s business but to his private affairs had
passed through the company’s books. The amount was accordingly written off as
a bad debt. A dispute then arose between the company and the Revenue as to
whether the said loss had “arisen in the course of a company’s trading” and
therefore tax-deductible. The General Commissioners allowed the company’s
claim and the Revenue appealed.

24 The High Court reversed the General Commissioners’ decision and agreed with
the Revenue that the loss was not a trading loss and thus not deductible from
the company’s profits for income tax purposes. The relevant portion of Rowlatt
J’s judgment, or the _Curtis_ test, (at 330-331) is reproduced here:

When the Rule speaks of a bad debt it means a debt which is a debt that would
have come into the balance sheet as a trading debt in the trade that is in
question and that it is bad. It does not really mean any bad debt which, when
it was a good debt, would not have come in to swell the profits. What the
Commissioners have been misled by, in my judgment, quite clearly is this. They
have allowed themselves to act under the impression that they were taxing the
Company on what the Company in a loose way had made and secured. In point of
law they were engaged in assessing the profits of the Company’s trade, not of
the Company itself but of the Company’s trade, and I have to consider whether
there is the least ground for supposing that losses of these sums resulting in
this bad debt were losses in the trade. I quite think ... that if you have a
business (which for the purposes of to-day at any rate I will assume) in the
course of which you have to employ subordinates, and owing to the negligence
or the dishonesty of the subordinates some of the receipts of the business do
not find their way into the till, or some of the bills are not collected at
all, or something of that sort, that may be an expense connected with and
arising out of the trade in the most complete sense of the word. But here that
is not this case at all. This gentleman was the Managing Director of the
Company, and he was in charge of the whole thing, and all we know is that in
the books of the Company which do exist it is found that moneys went through
the books into his pocket. I do not see that there is any evidence at all that
there was a loss in the trade in that respect. It simply means that the assets
of the Company, moneys which the Company had got and which had got home to the
Company, got into the control of the Managing Director of the Company, and he
took them out. It seems to me that what has happened is that he has made away
with receipts of the Company _dehors_ the trade altogether in virtue of his
position as Managing Director in the office and being in a position to do
exactly what he likes.

25 In the present case, the crux of the dispute between the appellant and the
respondent is as to how the _Curtis_ test is to be understood and applied. The
appellant argued that in _Curtis_ , the “real reason” why the loss was not
deductible was because the defalcations took place _outside_ the company’s
trading or income-earning activities, since the money had already been earned
and was simply passed through the company’s books into the pocket of the
director.[note: 1] The respondent, however, understood the _Curtis_ test as
prohibiting the deduction of losses incurred by a director who was “in a
position to do exactly what he likes”.[note: 2]

26 Since both parties have submitted extensively on foreign authorities in
support of their arguments, it is necessary that I first set out how various
Commonwealth jurisdictions have dealt with the issue of the deductibility of
losses sustained as a result of an employee’s defalcation. I will then discuss
the approach which I think our courts should adopt.

The approach in different jurisdictions

United Kingdom

27 In _The Roebank case_ , the managing director was entitled to a commission
on the company’s profits at the end of each year and was authorised by the
directors to draw sums during the year in anticipation. He drew in excess of
commissions due. The company then claimed tax deduction on the basis that
these payments were made as remuneration of an employee for the purpose of and
in connection with its business and therefore deductible in arriving at the
profits of the company for income tax purposes.

28 The General Commissioners applied the _Curtis_ test and refused the
deductions claimed. The company’s appeal to the Court of Sessions was
dismissed. In dismissing the appeal, Lord President Clyde expressed his
understanding of the _Curtis_ test at 875-876 in the following manner:

“If it were legitimate for us to make an inference of fact from the facts
stated in the Case, I should be disposed to think that the managing director
was using the Company as his banker. But it is, I think, enough to say that
the financial indulgence shewn to him by the Company went far beyond anything
which could be justified by, or could be consistent with, any trading interest
of the Company. If so, then the loss resulting from the granting of that
indulgence cannot form a legitimate or proper deduction in the ascertainment
of the Company’s trading profits.”

29 Both _Curtis_ and _The Roebank case_ were applied much later in _Bamford_.
In _Bamford_ , the taxpayer’s trade consisted of advertising and publicity
work. It had a board of three members including a Major A.E. Newnham
(“Newnham”) who held a 50% shareholding in the company. The financial matters
were left in the hands of Newnham. In 1966, Newnham misappropriated £15,000 by
drawing a cheque on the account of the tax payer in favour of another company
which he also controlled. In the tax payer’s accounts for the following year
the £15,000 was written off as a bad debt. However, the tax payer was assessed
on the basis that the £15,000 was not deductible.

30 The tax payer appealed. The General Commissioners decided in favour of the
tax payer. However, on appeal by the Inspector of Taxes, Brightman J reversed
the decision of the General Commissioners on the following grounds at 368:

Mr. Beattie [counsel for tax payer] submitted that there is no logical
distinction to be drawn between petty theft by a subordinate employee and
massive defalcation by a director. In my view there is a distinction. I can
quite see that the Commissioners might find as a fact that a £5 note taken
from the till by a shop assistant is a loss to the trader which is connected
with and arises out of the trade. A large shop has to use tills and to employ
assistants with access to those tills. It could not trade in any other way.
That, it seems to me, is quite a different case from a director with authority
to sign cheques who helps himself to £15,000, which is then lost to the
company. I find it difficult to see how such a loss could be regarded fairly
as “connected with or arising out of the trade”. In the defaulting director
type of case, there seems to me to be no relevant nexus between the loss of
the money and the conduct of the company’s trade. The loss is not, as in the
case of the dishonest shop assistant, an incident of the company’s trading
activities. It arises altogether outside such activities. That, I think, is
the true distinction. In my view, the decision in the Roebank case did not
depend on the absence of fraud. I consider that it is a decision which I
should follow.

31 In his learned judgment, Brightman J appears to have settled once and for
all what the “the true distinction” is when applying the _Curtis_ test.
However, as will be evident in the cases in the other Commonwealth
jurisdictions, there is still much to be said on what “the true distinction”
really is between defalcations which are deductible for income tax purposes
and those which are not.

Australia and New Zealand

32 The High Court of Australia also referred to _Curtis_ in _The Commissioner
of Taxation (New South Wales) v Ash_ (1938) 61 CLR 263 (“ _Ash_ ”). In _Ash_ ,
the taxpayer was a solicitor who had to pay off certain debts which were
incurred due to the fraudulent misappropriation of a former partner. Applying
_Curtis_ , Latham CJ highlighted what in his opinion was the salient fact that
the defalcating partner had been “acting within his authority as a partner
[and had] received moneys as a principal for the firm” (at 274). This led the
learned CJ to hold that the losses sustained by the taxpayer were not
deductible, because (at 278):

You cannot treat ... the depredations of a partner as if they were the
peculations of an office boy ... The partner was a proprietor, and whilst all
must sympathize with the taxpayer and deplore the wrong done to him by this
partner it is impossible to treat that wrong as a characteristic incident of
the carrying on of his profession...

33 _Ash_ has been cited with approval in _DR & P v Comptroller of Income Tax_
(2001) 5 MSTC 293. The Singapore Income Tax Board of Review understood _Ash_
as establishing the proposition that if the fraud was perpetrated by a partner
_as a partner_ , no deduction would be allowed for the loss sustained due to
the fraud.

34 When faced with the misappropriation by a _book-keeper_ (as opposed to a
partner) of a solicitor taxpayer, the New Zealand court in _Commissioner of
Taxes v Webber_ [1956] NZLR 552 (“ _Webber_ ”) had no difficulty
distinguishing _Ash_. Turner J held that “[t]he case in which income is
actually received and then misapplied by the proprietor of a business is
expressly distinguished ... from the case where a payment has to be made for a
regular and almost unavoidable incident of the business in question” (at 561).
The book-keeper had made false representations to the taxpayer leading to the
latter advancing a sum of money to the former. In Turner J’s opinion, this
type of loss represents “that kind of casualty, mischance or misfortune which
is a natural or recognized incident of the carrying on of this solicitor’s
kind of practice” (at 562) and was therefore held to be deductible.

35 In _W G Evans & Co Ltd v Commissioner of Inland Revenue_ [1976] 1 NZLR 425
(“ _Evans_ ”), the defalcator, who held 100 out of 10,000 shares and was
employed as the company’s secretary, was subsequently appointed a director.
The controlling shareholder, Mr E, was away from office most of the time and
had the habit of forwarding cheques and accounts to the defalcator for banking
and payment. Unknown to Mr E, the defalcator was siphoning money from the
company for five years. Casey J held that the loss sustained due to the
defalcations was a deductible loss.

36 In distinguishing _Curtis_ , Casey J held that the defalcator “was in
nothing like the position of the managing director in _Curtis’s_ case who
could exercise an overriding control to take the money independently of the
company’s normal operations. Although a director, [the defalcator] was nothing
more than the company’s accountant so far as these defalcations were
concerned” (at 432). Importantly, it was in this context that Casey J
eventually concluded at 435:

The fact that he was also a director, shareholder and officer of the company
does not alter the fact that he misappropriated the money while dealing with
it as part of the company’s activities, and not by _the exercise of overriding
power or control_ outside those activities altogether, as did the sole
managing director in _Curtis’s_ case. The risk of such defalcations was
inherent in the operations of the company carried on by necessity in this way,
and accordingly the resulting loss is fairly incidental to the production of
the assessable income and is deductible. [emphasis added]

Canada

37 Similar to _Evans_ , the _Curtis_ test was also distinguished in the
Canadian case of _Cassidy’s Ltd v MNR_ 89 DTC 686 (“ _Cassidy_ ”). In
_Cassidy_ , the defalcator, a chartered accountant, was the secretary-
treasurer of the company and was responsible for accounting procedures. He was
subsequently promoted to vice-president and general manager. It was revealed
that the defalcator had issued cheques from the taxpayer company (“Packer”) to
his own bank account, ostensibly for the company’s operations but in reality
for payment of his personal debts.

38 In allowing these losses to be deductible, the Tax Court of Canada first
decided against the proposition that “simply because a theft or defalcation
was committed by a senior employee, the losses resulting from such a
commission are not deductible by the employer in computing income for tax
purposes” (at 691). From its understanding of the _Curtis_ test and subsequent
cases, the court abstracted the general principle that “case law distinguishes
not so much as to the level of the employee in the employer’s hierarchy but
how and at what stage in the income-earning process the money is stolen or
embezzled” (at 692).

39 In determining “how and at what stage in the income-earning process the
money [was] stolen or embezzled”, the court made the following observation at
693:

[The defalcator] commenced defrauding Packer in 1978 when he was controller
and before his appointment in October, 1981, to vice-president and general
manager of Packer. When he began his theft of funds he did not have “complete
discretion” over the operations of Packer and was responsible to [the
president of Packer]. Even after his appointment as a general manager he was
obliged to report monthly to, and follow rules determined by, his superiors.
Packer’s business was controlled by [the defalcator’s] superiors. This is not
a case like _Curtis_ ... where the person defrauding his employer was in sole
control of the employer’s business.

40 Following from the above observation, the Canadian Tax Court concluded that
because the defalcator “did not defalcate money _qua_ director or general
manager of Packer” (at 693), the losses sustained by Packer were tax-
deductible.

41 Just a few months later, the Federal Court of Canada sought to apply
_Cassidy_ to the facts before it in _Parkland Operations Limited v The Queen_
90 DTC 6676 (“ _Parkland_ ”). The company had an operating line of credit with
a bank and a “signature card” had to be signed to draw down the credit. The
court found as a finding of fact that it was understood that two signatures –
of the six shareholders – were required on the “signature card”: one from
either of two ‘primary’ shareholders and the other from any of the four ‘new’
shareholders. However, illegitimate withdrawals were soon made by two of the
‘new’ shareholders without the knowledge or approval of the rest.

42 The court referred to _Evans_ and _Cassidy_ in coming to its decision that
the losses incurred by the two defalcating shareholders were deductible. The
court held at 6680:

[The defalcating shareholders] may have been minority shareholders for
Parkland, but they misappropriated the funds in question not in the capacity
as shareholders, but rather as thieves, _with neither the knowledge nor
consent of the other shareholders_. They misappropriated the money while
dealing with it in the course of the company’s activities, and not by
exercising some overriding control over the funds which existed outside of
those activities...The taxpayer is entitled to the same relief where a
minority shareholder, _oblivious to the plans or desires of the other
shareholders_ , misappropriates funds as he would be where a senior employee
was the thief. [emphasis added]

43 It must be noted that the fact that the defalcating shareholders had acted
“ _with neither the knowledge nor consent of the other shareholder_ ” is only
relevant because of the specific factual matrix in _Parkland_. The control
given to the defalcating shareholders with regard to their wrongful act had
been circumscribed right from the start. _Parkland_ was not a case where the
defalcating shareholders could draw down the credit as and when they liked and
then use the money for their own illegitimate purposes. The fact that
permission from other shareholders had always been required before the drawing
down of credit adequately explains why the defalcating shareholders were held
not to have “[exercised] some overriding control over the funds” which they
had misappropriated.

India

44 The _Curtis_ test has also been extensively discussed and applied in India.
In _Badridas Daga v The Commissioner of Income-Tax_ (1958) 45 AIR 783 (“
_Badridas_ ”), the defalcator was an agent of the appellant and was conferred
extensive powers of management that included the authority to operate bank
accounts. While acting under such authority, the agent withdrew money from the
bank and used it for the discharge of his personal debts. The Supreme Court of
India held that the losses sustained by the appellant were tax-deductible by
discussing and then distinguishing _Curtis_.

45 The court first distinguished _Curtis_ on the basis that the _nature of the
defalcating act_ with regards to the trade was different in the two cases (at
788):

Now, in [_Curtis_] ... the trading has ceased and [the] subsequent operations
on the bank account are not incidental to the carrying on of the trade. But
here, we are dealing with a banking business, which consists in making
advances, realising them and making fresh advances, and for that purpose, it
is necessary not merely to deposit amounts in banks but also to withdraw them.
That is to say, a continuous operation on the bank account is incidental to
the conduct of the business.

46 Interestingly, the court also distinguished _Curtis_ on the basis that the
_power or control_ the defalcating employee possessed was different in the two
cases (at 789):

[In _Curtis_ , the defalcator’s] withdrawals would be more like a partner
overdrawing his account with the firm than an agent embezzling the funds of
his employer, and it could properly be held that such overdrawing has nothing
to do with the trading activities of the firm ... When once it is established
that [the defalcating agent] had authority to operate on the bank accounts,
and that he withdrew the moneys in the purported exercise of that authority,
_his action is referable to his character as agent_ , and any loss resulting
from misappropriation of funds by him would be a loss incidental to the
carrying on of the business. [emphasis added]

47 The two different bases on which _Curtis_ was distinguished above have led
to two different conceptual views of the _Curtis_ test, as evident in the
appellant’s and respondent’s submissions in the present case. Is the _Curtis_
test premised on the nature of the defalcator’s act with regards to the trade
(_i.e_. whether it occurred as part of or wholly outside the trading
activity), or is it premised on the power or control of the defalcator with
regards to the defalcating act (_i.e_. whether the defalcator committed the
act _qua_ director)?

48 In _Sassoon J David & Co (P) Ltd v Commissioner of Income-tax_ [1978] 98
ITR 50 (“ _Sassoon_ ”), the defalcator was a director in sole charge of the
firm’s business. He withdrew a sum of money from the firm’s bank account for
his private purposes. The Income Tax Tribunal held that because the
defalcator’s withdrawals were “more like a partner overdrawing his account
with the firm”, the overdrawing had nothing to do with the trading activities
of the firm and was thus not tax-deductible.

49 The High Court of Bombay reversed the decision of the Tribunal and held
that such losses were deductible. _Curtis_ was, once again, distinguished on
the two different bases as in _Badridas_. The court first held that _Curtis_
could be distinguished because the defalcator had “[withdrawn] the amount as
if the withdrawal was for the purpose of the business of the company and then
pocketed it” (at [23]). This parallels the “first basis” in _Badridas_ where
the court inquires whether the defalcator acted _as if_ his act was part of
the trade, or wholly outside it. However, the High Court of Bombay also
stressed that the defalcator “could [not] be said to be in the position of a
proprietor” with regards to the misappropriation (at [37]). This parallels the
“second basis” in _Badridas_ where the court inquires whether the defalcating
employee could commit the defalcation only because of the _overriding power or
control_ given to him.

South Africa

50 The approach in South Africa is much more straightforward as the _Curtis_
test is not followed there. The South African courts have held that all money
lost by way of embezzlement _cannot_ be deducted for income tax purposes
because such losses are not incurred in the production of the company’s income
(_Lockie Bros Ltd v Commissioner for Inland Revenue_ (1922) 32 SATC 150 (”
_Lockie Bros_ ”); _Income Tax Case No. 298_ (1934) 8 SATC 58).

51 It can be thus be said that the South African courts have interpreted the
“nexus requirement” in its equivalent statutory provision – “ _incurred in the
production of income_ ” – very strictly and literally. As the “nature and
scope of the [employee’s employment] was to manage the company’s business and
not steal its funds” (_Lockie Bros_ at 155), losses resulting from
defalcation, by whomever and wherever committed, are not deductible for income
tax purposes.

The appellant’s submissions

52 The appellant put forward three main arguments in support of its position
that the Loss it has sustained should be deductible:

(a) The Commonwealth cases support the appellant’s understanding of the
_Curtis_ test – _i.e_. whether the misappropriation occurred in the course of
the appellant’s normal income-earning activities and not outside them;

(b) The Board’s understanding of the _Curtis_ test – _i.e_. whether the
defalcator was “in a position to do whatever he likes” - is undesirable both
legally and on policy grounds;

(c) Even if the Board’s understanding of the _Curtis_ test is to be applied,
the Ex-MD was not “in a position to do whatever he likes”.

The respondent’s submissions

53 In response, the respondent submitted:

(a) The Commonwealth cases have established the proposition that losses
arising from embezzlement by a director or partner are not deductible;

(b) The appellant’s understanding of the _Curtis_ test should not be adopted
lest financial indulgence is seen as being condoned;

(c) The Ex-MD of the appellant was not merely an employee but was a person
with overriding power or control similar to the defalcating director in
_Curtis_.

The approach to be adopted in Singapore

54 Having surveyed the various approaches in different Commonwealth
jurisdictions, I have come to the view that the correct understanding of the
_Curtis_ test was applied by the Board. The correct understanding of the
_Curtis_ test, in my view, is as follows: Did the defalcator possess an
“overriding power or control” in the company (_i.e_. in a position to do
exactly what he likes) and was the defalcation committed in the exercise of
such “power or control”? If so, the losses which result from such defalcations
are not deductible for income tax purposes.

55 I recognise that this test which I adopt is much narrower in allowing for
the deductibility of defalcation losses as compared to the test submitted by
the appellant. I find the appellant’s understanding of the _Curtis_ test
undesirably wide and I do not think that it should be applied in Singapore.

The Commonwealth cases are, on the whole, in greater support of the
“overriding power or control” test

56 Admittedly, the Commonwealth cases discussed earlier appear to be somewhat
inconclusive as to what the correct understanding of the _Curtis_ test is.
Both parties in the present case were able to find support for their
respective understanding of the _Curtis_ test in most of the cited cases. As
my analysis of the Indian cases show (see above at [44] – [49]), some cases
clearly employ _both_ approaches (of the appellant and the respondent in the
present case) in distinguishing _Curtis_.

57 Nonetheless, putting the Indian cases aside, I am of the view that the UK,
New Zealand and Canadian cases provide greater support for what I have
outlined as the correct understanding of the _Curtis_ test – “Did the
defalcator possess an “overriding power or control” in the company and was the
defalcation committed in the exercise of such “power or control?” – as
compared to that put forth by the appellant.

A. Why the UK authorities do not support the appellant’s position

58 In discussing the UK cases subsequent to _Curtis_ , the appellant cited
_The Roebank case_ for the finding that the defalcations committed there “were
not connected with the company’s trade”[note: 3] but missed the importance
placed by Lord President Clyde on (at 876):

“...the _financial indulgence shewn to [the defalcator] by the Company_
[which] went far beyond anything which could be justified by, or could be
consistent with, any trading interest of the Company. _If so_ , then the loss
resulting from the granting of that indulgence cannot form a legitimate or
proper deduction in the ascertainment of the Company’s trading profits.”
[emphasis added]

59 As for _Bamford_ , the appellant concluded that “the true distinction” as
articulated by Brightman J was between a loss arising as an incident of the
company’s trading activity and a loss arising altogether outside such
activities.[note: 4] In my opinion, the appellant’s interpretation of
Brightman J’s holding is too general to be of any practical use and it does
not do justice to the nuanced context in which the learned judge saw the need
to draw a “true distinction”. It will be recalled that Brightman J said (at
368):

I can quite see that the Commissioners might find as a fact that a £5 note
taken from the till by a shop assistant is a loss to the trader which is
connected with and arises out of the trade. _A large shop has to use tills and
to employ assistants with access to those tills. It could not trade in any
other way_. That, it seems to me, is quite a different case from a director
with authority to sign cheques who helps himself to £15,000, which is then
lost to the company. [emphasis added]

60 From the emphasized portion of the quote above, it seems that Brightman J
was compelled to draw a distinction between different defalcations because of
the necessity of certain trade practices (e.g. a large shop having to employ
assistants) which, in his opinion, came with the _natural and inevitable_
risks of an employee’s defalcation. The learned judge then held that such
defalcations were to be treated as “arising as an incident of the company’s
trading activities”, as compared to a “defaulting director type of case”. This
nuanced context is, in my view, critical in understanding the “true
distinction” drawn in the _Curtis_ test (see below at [71] – [75]).

B. Why the New Zealand authorities do not support the appellant’s position

61 The appellant was also of the opinion that _Evans_ supported its submission
that the “true test” should simply be whether the defalcation occurs in the
course of the normal income-earning activity of the taxpayer company.[note: 5]
In my opinion, the appellant was too quickly drawn to Casey J’s _conclusion_
that (at 435):

The fact that [the defalcator] was also a director, shareholder and officer of
the company does not alter the fact that he misappropriated the money while
dealing with it as part of the company’s activities, and not by the exercise
of overriding power or control outside those activities altogether, as did the
sole managing director in _Curtis’s_ case.

62 This is because reading Casey J’s conclusion in a vacuum only begs the
question as to what it means for the defalcator to have “misappropriated the
money while dealing with it as part of the company’s activities”. Crucially,
Casey J had held earlier (at 432) that the defalcator in _Evans_ :

...was in nothing like the position of the managing director in _Curtis’s_
case who could exercise an overriding control _to take the money independently
of the company’s normal operations_. Although a director, [the defalcator] was
_nothing more than the company’s accountant so far as these defalcations were
concerned_. [emphasis added]

63 Reading Casey J’s judgment in totality, the operative phrase which the
appellant’s case hinges on – “misappropriated the money while dealing with it
as part of the company’s activities” – cannot be interpreted so widely as to
cover any defalcation so long as it was committed _as if_ it were part of the
company’s legitimate activities. The court in _Evans_ had held that the
misappropriation was “part of the company’s activities” only because the
defalcator was “ _nothing more than the company’s accountant so far as these
defalcations were concerned_ ”. For that reason, the precise power or control
which the defalcator exercised in committing the defalcation is similarly the
crucial factor in New Zealand.

C. Why the Canadian authorities do not support the appellant’s position

64 Once again, _Cassidy_ might appear at first glance to be in support of the
appellant’s submissions, given the Canadian court’s explicit rejection of the
proposition that “simply because a theft or defalcation was committed by a
senior employee, the losses resulting from such a commission are not
deductible by the employer in computing income for tax purposes” (at 691).

65 However, the Canadian court also held that the defalcator in _Cassidy_ did
not have complete discretion over the taxpayer’s operations. The business was
controlled by the defalcator’s superiors and the situation in _Cassidy_ was
“not a case like _Curtis_ ... where the person defrauding his employer was in
sole control of the employer’s business” (at 693).

66 Therefore, while the possibility exists that a defalcation committed by a
senior employee such as a director could be deductible, the critical question
is always, as the Canadian court accurately articulated, whether the director
did “defalcate money _qua_ director” (at 693). If he did so, the loss is not
deductible. If he did not – _e.g_. the defalcators in _Evans_ and _Cassidy_ \-
the loss is deductible. This is consistent with the test I outlined earlier –
did the defalcator possess an “overriding power or control” in the company and
_was the defalcation committed in the exercise of such “power or control”_?

67 The appellant also cited _Parkland_ for the proposition that any
defalcation committed which is “oblivious to the plans and desires of the
other shareholders” should be deductible.[note: 6] But as mentioned in the
earlier discussion of _Parkland_ (see above at [43]), the lack of approval of
the other shareholders in _Parkland_ was relevant in that case only because it
went towards proving that the defalcating shareholders did not possess
overriding power or control over the funds misappropriated. Otherwise, it is
never a relevant inquiry, for the purposes of income tax deductibility,
whether the defalcating act had “caused harm” to other shareholders or
directors, as the appellant submitted.[note: 7]

68 Thus, it appears to me that most of the Commonwealth cases have understood
the _Curtis_ test as drawing the critical distinction, for the purposes of
income tax deductibility, between defalcations by a mere employee and
defalcations by a person who “in virtue of his position [of power or control
was] in a position to do exactly what he likes” (_Curtis_ at 331). This is the
approach that has in fact been applied in Singapore (see _DR & P v Comptroller
of Income Tax_ (2001) 5 MSTC 293), and in my opinion, should continue to do
so.

The approach to be adopted is legally sound and justifiable in policy

A. The appellant’s objections

69 Notwithstanding the supporting authorities, the approach which I intend to
apply has been challenged by the appellant as being “difficult, if not
impossible, to apply as guidance to future cases”.[note: 8] The appellant has
argued that the “overriding power or control” test is vague and
imprecise[note: 9] as compared to its understanding of the _Curtis_ test
(_i.e_. did the loss arise in the course of the company’s normal trading
activities?).[note: 10] The appellant then concluded its critique with a
probing question – “why should deductibility be governed by the degree of
control or the size of shareholding?”

70 I respectfully disagree with the appellant’s arguments. In the paragraphs
that follow, I will attempt to show the reasons why I think the approach I
intend to apply is both legally sound and justifiable in policy.

B. The deductibility of losses resulting from defalcations is a common law
exception

71 I refer to my earlier observation (see above at [22]) that neither section
14(1) nor section 15(1)(b) of the Act explicitly addresses the issue of
whether losses which result from defalcations should be deductible. The
general requirement that there must be a “nexus” between the alleged expense
and the production of income also does not explain how and why defalcation
losses ought to be treated as having a “nexus” with the production of income.
Strictly speaking, and as actualised in the South African courts, one could
maintain that all losses which result from defalcations should not be
deductible since there is no connection at all between a defalcation and the
production of income.

72 The _Curtis_ test should therefore be understood as a common law exception
developed by the courts to render certain defalcation losses as having
sufficient “nexus” with the production of income such that they could be
deductible for income tax purposes. This common law exception was perhaps
developed in tandem with the rise of larger partnerships and companies in the
early 20th century. It is essentially a judicial recognition of the
increasingly difficult task for the large, modern firm to have to monitor
every activity of its lower echelon employees and to ensure that all their
acts necessarily contribute to the “production of income”.

73 The difficulty of doing so must have, at some point, prompted the courts to
recognise, as in _Curtis_ (at 330), that:

...if you have a business (which for the purposes of to-day at any rate I will
assume) in the course of which you have to employ subordinates, and owing to
the negligence or the dishonesty of the subordinates some of the receipts of
the business do not find their way into the till, or some of the bills are not
collected at all, or something of that sort, that may be an expense connected
with and arising out of the trade in the most complete sense of the word.

74 The rendering of certain defalcation losses as being tax-deductible must
therefore be properly understood as a common law exception prompted by the
realities of the commercial world to make sense of a statute which, on plain
reading, simply did not provide for the treatment of such losses. Seen as an
exception (rather than as a right) granted to the taxpayer, it may be that the
taxpayer is in no position to argue, as submitted by the appellant, that there
must be a “clear and precise” test to constitute proper “guidance to companies
and investors”.[note: 11]

75 Indeed, commercial morality demands that the taxpayer _be guided solely_ by
its duty to take all reasonable efforts to ensure that defalcations by its
employees are kept to a minimum. The _Curtis_ test seeks to alleviate the
hardship of the taxpayer by granting tax-deductibility to certain defalcation
losses but it cannot and should not provide a warped incentive for firms to
allow certain employees to do as they please and then claim that they had
“expected” the losses which result from the employees’ defalcations to be tax
deductible.

C. The need to deter companies from leaving the powers of their directors and
shareholders unchecked

76 Seen in this light, the ‘narrower’ understanding of the _Curtis_ test which
has been adopted in the present case is clearly justifiable. The distinction
between losses resulting from the defalcations of lower echelon employees and
those who possess an “overriding power or control” in the firm are justified
on two policy grounds.

77 First, the distinction drawn by the _Curtis_ test as understood by the
Board is as an extension of sympathy to large firms in view of their inability
to keep all their employees, especially those of the lower echelon, in check.
Second, and more importantly, it functions as a form of deterrence to firms
that do not provide adequate checks on employees who possess such “overriding
power or control” that they are able to incur great financial and social
damage. As the respondent correctly submitted, deduction should not be given
in the latter scenario lest financial indulgence is seen as being
condoned.[note: 12]

78 Indeed, a firm which disregards its social duty and allows a director or
shareholder who has “overriding power or control” over millions of dollars to
“do exactly what he likes” is justifiably penalized when the defalcation
losses caused by the said director or shareholder are considered an expense
which is not tax-deductible. This hopefully answers the appellant’s question –
“why should deductibility be governed by the degree of control or the size of
shareholding?”

D. The _Curtis_ test as being prescriptive of commercial practice

79 In arguing against the Board’s understanding of the _Curtis_ test, the
appellant also submitted that it should not be faulted for granting the Ex-MD
such “overriding power or control” because this was “the way the appellant
conducted its business”, and that “run in this way, [the appellant’s] business
was successful”.[note: 13] This appears to me to disregard the deterrent
nature of the _Curtis_ test.

80 As a deterrent tool, the _Curtis_ test only makes sense if it is not only
descriptive but also prescriptive of commercial practice. This prescription is
none other than the recognition that it is a highly dangerous and
irresponsible practice for companies to leave the power of their directors or
shareholders unchecked. For that reason, the fact that “[the appellant’s]
business was successful”[note: 14] in granting the Ex-MD overriding power or
control is irrelevant in the light of the prescriptive force of the _Curtis_
test. The non-deductibility of such defalcation losses is the risk a company
like the appellant must be made to undertake if it intentionally chooses,
whether for commercial reasons or otherwise, to leave the power of certain
directors or shareholders unchecked.

E. The appellant’s position on the _Curtis_ test is not viable

81 Since the “overriding power or control” test is solely a question of fact,
the appellant has a point in submitting that such a test could result in
uncertainty. However, I am of the view that the appellant’s understanding of
the _Curtis_ test is clearly not a viable substitute.

82 According to the appellant’s understanding of the _Curtis_ test, the court
should simply ask whether “the loss arose in the course of the company’s
normal trading activities”. In application, this means that as long as the
fraudulent transactions, for example, arose out of dealings with suppliers or
customers, such defalcations must be deductible since “dealings with suppliers
or customers” are part of the company’s normal trading activities. The
appellant submitted that this approach would lead to greater certainty than
the one applied by the Board.

83 With respect, the appellant’s test may have undesirable consequences. The
effect of such a test may be to encourage firms to turn a blind eye towards
the power or control wielded by their employees. This is because so long as
their employees, especially the high-level ones, “dress up” their defalcations
as if they were part of the company’s activities, the losses which they incur
would be tax-deductible. In other words, the more sophisticated the fraud, the
better it is for tax purposes. Such a result is completely antithetical to the
historical, legal and policy grounds which I have expressed earlier that
underlie the _Curtis_ test.

What the test of being “in a position to do exactly what one likes” amounts to

84 The appellant also argued that even if the “overriding power or control”
test should apply, the Ex-MD was not in a position to do exactly what he liked
and the Board’s comparison with _Curtis_ was therefore not apposite.[note: 15]
The appellant took pains to point out that legally, the Ex-MD had no power to
defraud the company and the fact that the appellant’s Board of Directors
removed him as soon as his misconduct was discovered is clear evidence that he
was not in a position to do exactly what he liked.[note: 16]

85 In my view, the appellant is mistaken in assuming that the _Curtis_ test is
merely a test of the legal arrangements within a firm. If the appellant’s
definition of being “in a position to do exactly what one likes” is adopted,
the effect would be not much different from the approach which I have rejected
– _i.e_. did the loss arise in the course of the company’s normal trading
activities? A company could easily draw up legal provisions which purportedly
govern what its directors can or cannot do, but be nonchalant in checking
whether its directors abide by those provisions.

86 Therefore, the test of whether the defalcator was “in a position to do
exactly what he likes” should be a test of the factual arrangements within the
company. Thus, while it would be rare to find listed companies like the
appellant[note: 17] legally giving its directors unbridled power, the _Curtis_
test should be applied to pierce through such legal facades and penalize
companies which factually did give its directors unjustified overriding power
or control. Only when applied as such would the deterrent purpose of the
_Curtis_ test stated earlier (see above at [77]) be fulfilled.

Application of the Curtis test to the facts

87 Having agreed with the Board’s understanding of the _Curtis_ test, I am
also of the view that the Board correctly applied the test to hold that the
Loss in the present case should not be tax deductible. While the Ex-MD was not
a sole proprietor as in the _Curtis_ case, it cannot be seriously doubted that
the _Curtis_ test can extend to other high-level employees who similarly
possess overriding power or control.

88 In the present case, the Ex-MD did possess an overriding power or control
in the company and the defalcations were in fact committed in the exercise of
such power or control.

89 The Board correctly relied on the finding of fact by the DJ in the
conviction of the Ex-MD (_PP v KCT_ at [284]):

The evidence revealed that no one questioned [the Ex-MD’s] instructions. There
was total trust reposed in the [Ex-MD] by virtue of his senior management
position. In evidence he said that he need not have to tell anyone about, and
(as a fact) he had complete control over, the usage of [the appellant’s]
funds.

90 This is clear evidence that the Ex-MD did possess an overriding power or
control such that he could do exactly what he liked. The “total trust reposed
in the [Ex-MD]” by the appellant factually gave the Ex-MD overriding power or
control as he “need not have to tell anyone about ... the usage of [the
appellant’s] funds”.

91 The defalcations were also committed by the Ex-MD in the exercise of his
overriding power or control. In other words, the defalcations were committed
by the Ex-MD “ _qua_ director” (_Cassidy_ at 693). In fact, it was probably
only due to his “overriding power or control” as a trusted director that he
could execute, as the DJ found (_PP v KCT_ at [288]):

the blatant way in which the monies were siphoned from the company, some in
the form of cash cheques, others as company cheques, made out directly in the
names of or given to, junket operators, or individuals with no trade dealings
with [the appellant]. In most instances the company’s funds were used to repay
the [Ex-MD’s] gambling debts and feed his gambling habit.

92 Therefore, because the Ex-MD did possess an overriding power or control in
the company and the defalcations were in fact committed in the exercise of
such power or control, I dismiss the appeal and uphold the Board’s decision.
The Loss due to the Ex-MD’s defalcations does not qualify for deduction under
section 14(1) of the Act.

The definition of “mistake” in section 93A(1) of the Act

Background of the dispute

93 Given that my holding on the first issue disposes of the appeal, there is
strictly speaking no need for me to deal with the second issue submitted by
the respondent. Nonetheless, I will give reasons to explain why I am of the
view that the Board’s definition of an “error or mistake” in section 93A of
the Act is preferable to that of the respondent’s.

94 Section 93A(1) reads:

If any person who has paid tax for any year of assessment alleges that an
assessment is excessive by reason of some _error or mistake_ in the return or
statement made by him for the purposes of the assessment or, where he is
exempted from liability to furnish a return under section 62(2), in the notice
of assessment served on him, he may, at any time not later than 6 years (if
the year of assessment within which the assessment was made is 2007 or a
preceding year of assessment) or 4 years (if the year of assessment within
which the assessment is made is 2008 or a subsequent year of assessment) after
the end of the year of assessment within which the assessment was made, make
an application in writing to the Comptroller for relief. [emphasis added]

95 The appellant’s application for the deduction of the Loss due to the Ex-
MD’s misappropriation (incurred in YA 2000) was made only on 15 December 2005.
Therefore, the appellant also had to, on top of arguing that the Loss it
incurred is deductible, justify its omission in claiming for the deduction in
the appropriate year.

96 Before the Board, the appellant first argued that it had omitted to claim
the deduction earlier “due to an oversight”. This was rejected by the Board as
the Board found that the appellant’s decision was better characterized as one
“made after due consideration that the Loss was not an allowable deduction
under section 14 of the Act”.

97 Nonetheless, the Board was of the opinion that “[i]f the decision [by the
appellant] was a mistake it was one of law and still a mistake falling within
section 93A of the Act”. In its conclusion, the Board also held that it did
not find favour with the respondent’s argument that “error or mistake under
section 93A of the Act does not include an erroneous opinion or grossly
negligent error, but ‘must be genuinely due to ignorance or inadvertence’”.

98 Although the Board clarified that this point is merely academic in the
scheme of things, the respondent argued in its submissions that the Board
erred in rejecting the respondent’s argument that error or mistake under
section 93A of the Act must be genuinely due to ignorance or inadvertence.

99 Interestingly, the respondent did not submit on whether it agrees that a
mistake of law can constitute an “error or mistake” under section 93A(1). The
Board disagreed with the respondent’s definition of “error or mistake” as it
was of the view that such a definition was too narrow and could not cover a
genuine mistake of law.

A genuine mistake in law can constitute an “error or mistake” under section
93A(1)

100 I agree with the Board’s decision that an “error of mistake” under section
93A(1) should not be confined to merely “ignorance or inadvertence” and should
be wide enough to cover genuine mistakes of law. There appears no good reason
why genuine mistakes of law (for instance, having received wrong advice from
professionals on what expenses are deductible or where the courts have re-
interpreted what was thought to be established law) are any less deserving of
relief than genuine mistakes of facts (such as computational or arithmetical
errors). In both scenarios, the taxpayer’s “error or mistake” pertains solely
to the computation of its taxable income and not some other extrinsic
considerations.

101 It is on this basis that the Board rightly, in my opinion, distinguished
the Hong Kong case of _Extramoney Ltd v Commissioner of Inland Revenue_ [1997]
2 HKC 38 (“ _Extramoney_ ”). In _Extramoney_ , the taxpayer had _deliberately_
attributed profits of another company within the group to itself in order to
benefit either itself or other companies within the group structure but that
turned out (at least in the view of the liquidators) to be an erroneous
judgment call. Chan J held that the “error” claimed did not constitute an
“error” under the Hong Kong equivalent of section 93A(1). The learned judge
then so opined (at 50):

I do not think that a deliberate act in the sense of a conscientious choice of
one out of two or more courses which subsequently turns out to be less than
advantageous or which does not give the desired effect as previously hoped for
can be regarded as an error within [the equivalent of section 93A(1)].

102 Indeed, if there was any “error” made by the taxpayer in _Extramoney_ to
speak of, it was an error with regards to the commercial advantage of
attributing the said profits to itself. I agree with the learned judge in
_Extramoney_ that such errors are clearly outside the ambit of section 93A(1),
which provides only for an “error or mistake in the return or statement made
by [the taxpayer]”. It must follow then that genuine mistakes or errors made
by the taxpayer _in the filling up_ of the return or statement falls within
section 93A(1) and this could have been caused by a genuine mistake of law
instead of fact.

A caveat when dealing with mistakes of law

103 There is, however, an important caveat to the general rule established
above that a genuine mistake of law can entitle a taxpayer to relief. The
caveat is found in section 93A(3) of the Act:

No relief shall be given under this section in respect of an error or mistake
as to the basis on which the liability of the applicant ought to have been
computed when the return or statement was in fact made on the basis of or in
accordance with the practice of the Comptroller generally prevailing at the
time when the return or statement was made.

104 It would appear from section 93A(3) that even if the taxpayer was
operating under a genuine mistake of law, the taxpayer would not be entitled
to relief if the Comptroller, at the material time, was _also operating under
the same mistake_. While not canvassed by the respondent, it seems to me that
the respondent could have easily proven that the “practice of the Comptroller
generally prevailing” in YA 2000 was to deem losses caused by the defalcations
of directors non-deductible under the Act (see _DR & P v Comptroller of Income
Tax_ (2001) 5 MSTC 293). It follows that the appellant would not have been
able to obtain relief because of section 93A(3) as well. Nonetheless, since
both parties did not submit on this point, I do not propose to say anything
more on this issue.

105 Thus, while I agree with the Board that a genuine mistake of law is still
a mistake falling within section 93A of the Act, the appeal still fails as the
appellant has not succeeded on the first issue.

Conclusion

106 In conclusion, the appellant is unable to claim relief under section
93A(1) of the Act because the Loss sustained was not deductible under section
14(1). I therefore dismiss this appeal with costs.

* * *

[note: 1]Appellant’s Case at [25] – [26].

[note: 2]Respondent’s Case at [30] – [31].

[note: 3]Appellant’s Case at [28].

[note: 4]Appellant’s Case at [29].

[note: 5]Appellant’s Case at [35].

[note: 6]Appellant’s Case at [57].

[note: 7]Appellant’s Case at [57].

[note: 8]Appellant’s Case at [64].

[note: 9]Appellant’s Case at [72].

[note: 10]Appellant’s Case at [69].

[note: 11]Appellant’s Case at [78].

[note: 12]Respondent’s Case at [83].

[note: 13]Appellant’s Case at [73].

[note: 14]Appellant’s Case at [73].

[note: 15]Appellant’s Case at [62] – [63].

[note: 16]Appellant’s Case at [62] – [63].

[note: 17]Appellant’s Case at [61].

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 17 Oct 2011 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

