Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Skandinaviska Enskilda Banken AB (Publ), Singapore Branch _v_ Asia Pacific
Breweries (Singapore) Pte Ltd and another and another appeal  
[2011] SGCA 22

Case Number| :| Civil Appeals Nos 121 and 122 of 2009  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 19 May 2011  
Tribunal/Court| :| Court of Appeal  
Coram| :|  Chan Sek Keong CJ; Chao Hick Tin JA; Andrew Phang Boon Leong JA  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Sundaresh Menon SC, Rebecca Chew, Sim Kwan Kiat, Nigel
Pereira, Paul Tan, Douglas Chi and Tan Liang Ying (Rajah & Tann LLP) for the
appellant in Civil Appeal No 121 of 2009; Alvin Yeo SC, Monica Chong, Loo Ee
Lin, Koh Swee Yen and Simran Toor (WongPartnership LLP) for the appellant in
Civil Appeal No 122 of 2009; Davinder Singh SC, Hri Kumar SC, Yarni Loi,
Jaikanth Shankar, Benedict Teo, Bhavish Advani, Alecia Quah and Delphia Lim
(Drew & Napier LLC) for the first respondent in Civil Appeal No 121 of 2009
and the respondent in Civil Appeal No 122 of 2009; the second respondent in
Civil Appeal No 121 of 2009 absent.  
Parties| :|  Skandinaviska Enskilda Banken AB (Publ), Singapore Branch — Asia
Pacific Breweries (Singapore) Pte Ltd and another  
  
[LawNet Editorial Note: The decision from which this appeal arose is reported
at [2009] 4 SLR(R) 788.]

19 May 2011| Judgment reserved.  
---|---  
  
Chan Sek Keong CJ (delivering the judgment of the court):

Introduction

1 These two appeals stem from the elaborate fraud perpetrated over a period of
more than four years by Chia Teck Leng (“Chia”), the second respondent in
Civil Appeal No 121 of 2009 (“CA 121/2009”). They tell a cautionary tale of
how two foreign banks, in their eagerness to secure a banking relationship
with Asia Pacific Breweries (Singapore) Pte Ltd (“APBS”), a prominent local
blue-chip company, failed to exercise due diligence and extended substantial
credit facilities to APBS relying merely (and almost entirely) on
representations made by Chia, APBS’s finance manager at the material time.
Those representations were subsequently found to be fraudulent.

2 The appellant in CA 121/2009 is Skandinaviska Enskilda Banken AB (Publ),
Singapore Branch (“SEB”), while the appellant in Civil Appeal No 122 of 2009
(“CA 122/2009”) is Bayerische Hypo-Und Vereinsbank Aktiengesellschaft (“HVB”).
APBS is the first respondent in CA 121/2009 and the sole respondent in CA
122/2009. Chia did not play any active part in either the proceedings in the
court below or the proceedings before this court, having been convicted of 14
charges of (_inter alia_) cheating (with 32 other charges taken into
consideration) and sentenced to 42 years’ imprisonment (see _Public Prosecutor
v Chia Teck Leng_ [2004] SGHC 68 (“ _PP v Chia Teck Leng_ ”)).

3 APBS is the Singapore subsidiary of Asia Pacific Breweries Limited (“APBL”),
the holding company of a group of companies engaged in the production and
distribution of beer and other alcoholic beverages throughout the region (“the
APBL group of companies”). APBL was set up as a joint venture between Heineken
NV of the Netherlands (“Heineken”) and Fraser and Neave Limited (“F&N”), a
Singapore company. Both APBS and F&N are well-known blue-chip companies in the
region, while Heineken is a Dutch global company that is familiar to all
European banks.

4 Chia was an inveterate gambler and had been visiting casinos since 1994.
APBS was not aware of Chia’s gambling history when it employed him as its
finance manager in January 1999. Using his position as APBS’s finance manager,
Chia devised and successfully implemented an ingenious scheme to cheat four
foreign banks (including SEB and HVB, the appellants in the present appeals
(“the Appellants”)) of about S$117.1m (of which about S$34.8m has been
recovered). In the present proceedings, SEB is seeking to recover from APBS a
sum of either US$26,559,371.94 or S$29,468,723.30, while HVB is seeking to
recover a sum of US$32,002,332.85. The position of the Appellants is that they
lent these sums to APBS, which had authorised Chia to borrow the same. The
position of APBS, in contrast, is that Chia had no authority whatsoever to
borrow money on its behalf.

5 Chia’s wily deception of the Appellants for more than four years was
facilitated by a combination of APBS’s failure of oversight over Chia’s
activities and the gullibility and/or trusting blindness of the Appellants’
officers. The evidence at the trial showed that Chia was able to carry on his
fraudulent activities for such a long time without being detected by his
superiors because they left him to run APBS’s Finance and Accounting
Department (“APBS Finance”) without any supervision. We should point out at
this juncture that although there is, in our view, no doubt that the senior
management of APBS was derelict in its corporate governance duties, that is
not the focus of the present appeals. The question before us is instead who,
as between the Appellants and APBS, should bear the losses occasioned by
Chia’s fraud. This involves an examination of four areas of law, namely,
agency, vicarious liability, negligence and restitution.

6 The trial in the court below lasted for more than 47 days. It involved 11
witnesses of fact and seven expert witnesses who testified on banking practice
and procedure, internal corporate and financial controls, pre-employment
screening and computation of accounts. The trial judge (“the Judge”) reserved
judgment at the end of the trial, and eventually dismissed the claims of both
the Appellants, except for a sum of S$347,671.23 in respect of SEB’s
restitutionary claim. Dissatisfied with that outcome, the Appellants have
appealed against the whole of the Judge’s decision. The Judge’s factual and
legal evaluation, findings and analysis are set out in a comprehensive
219-page judgment accompanied by a further ten-page appendix on the material
facts (jointly reported in _Skandinaviska Enskilda Banken AB (Publ), Singapore
Branch v Asia Pacific Breweries (Singapore) Pte Ltd and another and another
suit_ [2009] 4 SLR(R) 788 (“the HC Judgment”)). We acknowledge the assistance
which the Judge’s carefully-reasoned judgment has given us in our examination
of the legal issues raised in the present appeals.

Background

Appointment of Chia as APBS’s finance manager

7 Chia is an accountant by training who worked in various finance-related
positions for both international and local companies from 1983 to 1999 prior
to joining APBS in January 1999. He moved from being a tax assistant to being
a finance manager within the short span of a decade, and was described by the
judge at his criminal trial as a “financial wizard” (see _PP v Chia Teck Leng_
at [33]). Unfortunately, he was also a compulsive gambler. By 1998, Chia had
accumulated gambling debts exceeding S$1m. It was in those circumstances that
Chia applied for the post of Finance Manager of APBS on 25 November 1998.
After several rounds of interviews, Chia was offered the job on 23 December
1998 and was to officially start work on 20 January 1999. His new job gave him
the opportunity to plan how to defraud various banks (all of which, it may be
noted, were foreign banks) by relying on APBS’s corporate standing and on his
title of Finance Manager. The title “Finance Manager” is not an established
title in the corporate sector, unlike corporate titles like “Finance
Director”, “Chief Financial Officer”, “Managing Director”, “Chief Executive
Officer”, “Chairman of the Board of Directors”, “President” or “Director”. In
the present case, the Appellants were aware that Chia was not a director of
APBS, but only a finance manager, a position which _prima facie_ connotes that
the office-holder carries out managerial, rather than executive, functions.

Functions of Chia as APBS’s finance manager

8 As Finance Manager of APBS, Chia had two broad functions: operational and
financial. Operationally, he reported directly to the general manager of APBS,
a position held by Mr Ton Blum (“Mr Blum”) until November 1999 and,
thereafter, by Dr Les Buckley. Chia had two broad areas of operational
responsibilities in APBS. First, he was Head of APBS Finance, which had a team
of 22 employees engaged in the accounting, costing, budgeting, bookkeeping and
cash management activities of APBS. In this regard, Chia, as Finance Manager,
was expected to: (a) ensure that there were adequate controls within APBS
Finance to comply with APBS’s financial policies; and (b) manage APBS’s
relationships with financial institutions. Second, Chia was in charge of the
Management Information Systems and Purchasing Department of APBS, which had 11
employees.

9 _Vis-à-vis_ his financial functions, Chia reported to APBL’s group finance
director. Chia’s duties and functions as Finance Manager were set out in two
internal documents of APBS, namely: (a) a document entitled “Position
Description” (“the Position Description”); and (b) a document entitled “Group
Treasury Policy” (“the GTP”), which was first implemented in 1998 and
subsequently updated in 2000. Under the GTP, responsibility for borrowing
funds for and investing surplus funds of APBS was distributed among the
following entities: (a) F&N’s Group Treasury Department (“F&N Group
Treasury”), which oversaw all treasury activities within the APBL group of
companies; (b) APBL’s Group Finance Department (“APBL Group Finance”); and (c)
APBS Finance.

10 In relation to the investment of APBS’s surplus funds, cl 6 of the GTP
provided as follows:[note: 1]

**6.0** **_INVESTMENT OF SURPLUS FUNDS_**

6.1[APBS’s] Finance Manager shall be responsible for proper cash management.
In general, no funds should be left idle. Any surplus funds should be used to
reduce liabilities (of [the] same currency) first if the liabilities carry a
higher interest cost than what the surplus funds can earn.

6.2Surplus funds in excess of working capital requirements will be:

a.Converted to foreign currency to match both the amount and [the] tenor of
any foreign currency denominated loans and other net liabilities.

b.Kept in the local currency in time deposits or other appropriate instruments
for such duration no longer than 6 months until the funds are required, unless
there is explicit instruction f[ro]m the [APBS] Board to convert such funds to
a hard currency in anticipation of a potential devaluation of the local
currency.

6.3Remaining surplus funds denominated in local currency are to be invested in
the following:

a.Call and Term Deposits in banks and financial institutions as listed [i]n
Appendix B.

b.Investment Grade Commercial Papers of _minimum “A-Rating”_.

c.Treasury Bills and Bonds[.]

[underlining in original]

11 In relation to the borrowing of funds for APBS, cll 3.4 and 3.5 of the GTP
provided as follows:[note: 2]

**3.0** **_CREDIT FACILITIES_**

…

3.4Procedures for sourcing [for] credit facilities

3.4.1[APBS’s] Finance Manager (with approval from the General Manager) will
forward request[s] for new or increase in credit facilities to [F&N] Group
Treasury (via [APBL] Group Finance) for review.

3.4.2[F&N] Group Treasury will evaluate [APBS]’s proposal. If the proposal is
justified, [F&N] Group Treasury will proceed to source and negotiate for
facilities. In general, not less than three (3) quotes will be obtained. In
locations where the financial system is less well developed, the minimum
number of quotes may be reduced to two (2).

3.4.3Loan Agreements and Letters of Offer with financial institutions should
be cleared with [F&N] Group Treasury prior to their submission to [APBS] Board
and APBL Board for acceptance.

3.4.4[F&N] Group Treasury will submit its recommendation of the proposed
facilities to [APBS] Board and APBL Board for approval.

3.5[APBS’s] Finance Manager will be responsible for ensuring that [APBS] meets
all stipulated obligations and financial covenants under the borrowing
facility.

It is pertinent to note that cl 3.4.1 of the GTP did not give APBS’s finance
manager any authority to source for credit facilities, but only conferred on
him authority to forward (with the approval of APBS’s general manager) any
request for credit facilities to F&N Group Treasury (via APBL Group Finance)
for review. If the request was found to be justified, F&N Group Treasury would
then source for and negotiate the credit facilities sought by APBS (see cl
3.4.2 of the GTP). As can be seen, the raising of credit facilities by the
APBL group of companies was subject to an elaborate process.

12 It should also be noted at the outset that when the Appellants’ officers
met Chia to discuss the credit facilities ostensibly sought by APBS, they only
knew him as the finance manager of APBS. They had no knowledge of the Position
Description and the GTP as those were internal documents of APBS. Their
knowledge of Chia’s functions and responsibilities was based on what Chia told
them. The Appellants were misled into granting credit facilities to APBS by
the fraudulent representations of Chia as to (in essence) his authority as
APBS’s finance manager. Chia then misappropriated the proceeds of the credit
facilities for his own purposes.

13 We shall now outline the facts concerning and the Judge’s findings on the
manner in which Chia defrauded the Appellants.

Chia’s dealings with SEB

How Chia obtained credit facilities from SEB

(1) The overdraft facility and the foreign exchange facility

14 Before Chia was due to start work officially with APBS on 20 January 1999,
he contacted Mr Eddie Amin (“Amin”), Head of Sales in SEB’s Trading and
Capital Markets Department, in late December 1998. Chia knew Amin from their
university days and also professionally. Chia told Amin that he had just
joined APBS as Finance Manager, and indicated that he was keen for APBS to
start a banking relationship with SEB. During a lunch meeting on 28 December
1998, Chia briefly explained his work as Finance Manager, and indicated that
APBS urgently required a three-month clean overdraft line of about S$500,000
to address its cash-flow mismatches as well as foreign exchange needs. Chia
explained that although APBS’s treasury functions were then carried out by F&N
Group Treasury, he had plans to take back these functions for APBS; he would
also place a large portion of APBS’s surplus funds on fixed deposit with SEB.
In other words, Chia in effect told Amin that when he (Chia) became APBS’s
finance manager, he would take back from F&N Group Treasury APBS’s borrowing
function, including (by implication) the authority to take out loans. Chia
stated in his affidavit (which was admitted in evidence) that he made those
false statements to discourage Amin from independently approaching F&N Group
Treasury directly. Amin did not at this point ask for any supporting documents
to verify what Chia told him.

15 After the lunch meeting between Amin and Chia on 28 December 1998, SEB’s
officers made some preliminary checks on the corporate structure of APBS based
on public documents obtained from the Registry of Companies and Businesses
(“the RCB”), such as APBL’s annual report for 1997 and extracts of APBS’s
company forms. Those documents indicated that the general manager of APBS at
that time was Mr Blum, and set out the signatures of APBS’s directors,
including those of Mr Michael Fam and Mr Koh Poh Tiong (“Mr Koh”). Chia and
Amin (together with the latter’s colleague, Ms Sharon Chow (“Ms Chow”)) met
again at Chia’s office on 22 January 1999. By then, Chia had officially
started work at APBS. To impress Amin and Ms Chow, Chia brought them to an in-
house pub at the office premises of APBS called “The Tavern”, where Tiger
Beer, APBS’s flagship beer, was served. At that meeting, Amin handed to Chia
SEB’s standard account opening documents to complete, and said that he would
seek SEB’s approval for a S$500,000 overdraft (“the OD Facility”) and a US$5m
foreign exchange facility (“the FX Facility”) to be extended to APBS as
requested by Chia. Those credit facilities were approved by SEB on 1 February
1999.

16 On 2 February 1999, Amin handed to Chia two letters of offer (“the Letters
of Offer”), one relating to the OD Facility and the other, to the FX Facility.
He briefly explained the terms of the Letters of Offer and told Chia that
approval from APBS’s board of directors (“the APBS Board”) would be required.
The next day, Chia returned to Amin SEB’s account opening forms duly
completed, together with the following documents bearing APBS’s letterhead:
(a) a letter of indemnity dated 25 January 1999; (b) a “Consent for Disclosure
of Information” dated 25 January 1999; and (c) a “Certified Extract of
Director[s’] resolution passed on 25th January 1999” authorising SEB to open
accounts in APBS’s name “in any currencies for transactions relating to
deposits”[note: 3] as well as authorising Chia to operate those accounts (“the
25 January 1999 APBS Board resolution”). Also handed over to Amin were the
following APBS corporate documents stamped with the words “Certified True
Copy” and initialled by Chia: (a) the memorandum and articles of association;
(b) the “Certificate of Incorporation of Private Company”; (c) the
“Certificate of Incorporation on Change of Name of Company”; and (d) Form 49
(the “Return giving Particulars in Register of Directors, Managers,
Secretaries and Auditors and Changes of Particulars”). The speed with which
Chia procured the APBS Board’s approval of the OD Facility and the FX Facility
did not arouse any suspicion in Amin. As it turned out, the signatures of the
directors, _viz_ , Mr Blum and Mr Koh, on (_inter alia_) the completed SEB
account opening forms and the 25 January 1999 APBS Board resolution were
forgeries.

17 In connection with the OD Facility and the FX Facility, Chia opened two
accounts with SEB in APBS’s name, _viz_ , a S$ account (“the SEB S$ Account”)
and a US$ account (“the SEB US$ Account”). Both of those accounts (“the SEB
Accounts”), although opened and maintained in APBS’s name, were operated
solely by Chia, who was also the sole signatory for both accounts. After SEB
opened the SEB Accounts, Ms Chow discovered that the 25 January 1999 APBS
Board resolution had approved only the opening of “accounts in any currencies
for transactions _relating to deposits_ ”[note: 4] [emphasis added], and not
the obtaining of credit facilities. On 3 February 1999, she asked Chia to
obtain a fresh resolution of the APBS Board (referred to hereafter as an “APBS
Board resolution” for convenience) affirming APBS’s acceptance of the credit
facilities set out in the Letters of Offer (_ie_ , the OD Facility and the FX
Facility). The next day (4 February 1999), Chia delivered to SEB a document
entitled “Certified Extract of Board Resolution Passed On 3 February, 1999”,
which (_inter alia_) purportedly set out APBS’s acceptance of the aforesaid
credit facilities. As was the case with Amin, the speed with which Chia
obtained the new APBS Board resolution purportedly passed on 3 February 1999
did not raise any suspicion in Ms Chow. That new APBS Board resolution was
also forged.

18 Nine months later, on or about 3 November 1999, Chia requested Amin to
increase the OD Facility and the FX Facility to S$3m and US$10m respectively.
The increase in the OD Facility was purportedly to meet APBS’s short-term
working capital needs, while the increase in the FX Facility was to enable
APBS to carry out larger foreign exchange transactions. Chia also wanted the
increases approved by 11 November 1999. On the stated date, Amin met Chia in
the latter’s office and delivered to Chia SEB’s letter offering APBS an
increased overdraft line of S$3m as requested by Chia (SEB’s letter did not
mention Chia’s request for an increase of the FX Facility to US$10m,[note: 5]
but it appears from para 9 of SEB’s second amended statement of claim filed on
18 March 2008 that that request was acceded to as well (see also [13] of the
HC Judgment in this regard)). The next day (12 November 1999), Chia handed to
Amin another forged APBS Board resolution headed “Certified Extract of Board
Resolution Passed On 12 November 1999”, which purported to approve the
increase in the OD Facility.

(2) The money market facility

19 Approximately seven months years later, in June 2000, Chia asked SEB for a
new short-term facility of US$8m to finance the acquisition of equipment for
APBS’s subsidiaries in Cambodia and Vietnam. Amin asked for supporting
documents, such as a business plan projecting the anticipated cash flow. Chia
managed to satisfy Amin’s request with some information given orally. By way
of a letter dated 26 June 2000 (“the MM Facility Letter”), SEB offered APBS a
US$8m revolving money market facility (“the MM Facility”). Chia signed the MM
Facility Letter (supposedly on APBS’s behalf) and delivered to SEB a forged
“Certified Extract of Board Resolution Passed On 27 June 2000” which purported
to approve the MM Facility.

20 Subsequently, the MM Facility was increased on two occasions at Chia’s
request. The first instance was on or about 6 November 2000, when the MM
Facility was increased to US$10m. The reason provided by Chia for requiring
the increase was the financing of a joint venture project in Cambodia and
Vietnam. When Chia was asked why APBS, a cash-rich company, did not want to
use its own cash reserves to finance the project, Chia fobbed SEB off with the
explanation that APBS wished to use the interest rate for the MM Facility as a
benchmark interest rate for borrowers that APBS would be lending money to. The
second increase was in May 2002. Initially, Chia requested for the MM Facility
to be increased to US$15m, representing that APBS needed the increase to cover
working capital requirements for its factory in Cambodia. At the same time,
Chia also asked for a medium-term loan of US$20m to finance improvements to be
made to APBS’s bottling line in Singapore. As before, Chia rebuffed Amin’s
request for written verification of those projects. SEB agreed to increase the
MM Facility to US$15m on 19 June 2002, but did not approve the request for a
US$20m medium-term loan. Chia then asked if SEB would consider increasing the
MM Facility to US$25m instead, to which SEB readily agreed. On 24 July 2002,
SEB delivered to Chia a letter offering to increase the MM Facility to US$25m,
which offer was accepted by Chia (again purportedly on APBS’s behalf) on 6
August 2002. Consistent with his _modus operandi_ in relation to the OD
Facility and the FX Facility, Chia provided SEB with forged APBS Board
resolutions approving the MM Facility and the subsequent increases in that
facility.

Unusual features of SEB’s dealings with Chia

(1) Chia was SEB’s sole point of contact

21 SEB’s officers dealt with Chia alone during the entire duration of the
banking relationship which they believed SEB had with APBS, _viz_ , the period
from early 1999 to September 2003. They never met or communicated with the
company secretary, directors or any other officer of APBS senior to Chia.
Although SEB’s officers did ask to be introduced to APBS’s senior management,
they never asked themselves why Chia kept putting them off, insisting that he
alone would deal with them and that certain communications between SEB and
APBS should be directed to him alone.

(2) SEB’s verification of the documents provided by Chia

22 As per the practice of every bank, SEB had its own due diligence procedures
to follow before it could grant APBS the credit facilities requested by Chia
(_ie_ , the OD Facility, the FX Facility and the MM Facility (collectively,
“the SEB Facilities”)). At the trial, Mr Gerard Lee (“Lee”), Head of SEB’s
Credits and Credit Analysis and Administration Department (“Credits”),
testified on SEB’s internal procedures in this regard. Lee was an experienced
officer, having been Head of SEB’s Counterparty Risk Management Department
(“CRM”) from November 1998 to March 2000, Manager of Credits from February
2001 to the end of June 2001 and, thereafter, Head of Credits. His evidence
was that SEB had complied with all its internal policies in extending the SEB
Facilities to APBS. The Judge found that most of the checks described by Lee
were designed primarily to address default risks, and not fraud risks.
Further, Lee’s evidence showed that there had merely been paper compliance,
and not true compliance, with SEB’s verification procedures. Lee himself had
not carried out any verification. Ms Chow, his subordinate, had performed most
of the due diligence checks in relation to the SEB Facilities, but not
diligently. Furthermore, Ms Chow was not called to testify on what she had
actually done. Similarly, Ms Karen Chan, the officer who had handled the
verification checks preceding the grant of the MM Facility, was also not
called to give evidence. In short, SEB adduced no credible evidence that any
of its officers had complied with its own verification procedures or had
checked the authenticity of any of the corporate documents handed over by
Chia.

23 In this regard, we should also draw attention to the “Checklist for Opening
of Accounts: Local Incorporated Non-Bank Companies” issued by SEB’s CRM. That
checklist stated that “[a]ll copies of documents (including translations)
[were] to be certified true by Company Secretary, Director, Notary Public,
Solicitor or Originals sighted by Officer of [SEB]”.[note: 6] In the case of a
new customer, SEB had no prescribed procedure for checking the authenticity of
the signature of the customer’s “Company Secretary, Director, Notary Public …
[or] Solicitor”,[note: 7] except by visually comparing the signature of the
person concerned as shown on documents provided by the customer with the
corresponding signature on documents filed in the RCB. SEB’s officers did not
ask for face-to-face verification because, in their view, that could be
counter-productive since it could antagonise the person dealing with them.

(3) Interaction between SEB’s officers and APBS’s officers

24 SEB thought it had a normal banking relationship with APBS as it regularly
sent credit advices, debit advices, monthly advices and bank statements to
APBS. However, those communications were sent to the division headed by Chia,
who merely instructed his staff to pass the communications to him. SEB also
sent letters to APBS’s official address until 19 May 2003, but was apparently
not alarmed by Chia’s instruction (which it complied with) that letters should
thereafter be sent to a P O Box address. SEB’s officers were invited by Chia
to participate in APBS’s social events, including a tour of APBS’s brewery on
28 September 2000. During the tour, Chia introduced SEB’s officers to one of
his colleagues, Patrick Teo, as APBS’s “friendly banker[s]”.[note: 8] Chia and
Patrick Teo also played host to SEB’s Global Head of Merchant Banking, Ms
Annika Bolin (“Ms Bolin”), when she came from Stockholm to visit Singapore.
During that visit, Chia showed Ms Bolin around APBS’s brewery and explained
APBS’s business strategy to her. SEB’s officers also worked with APBS’s IT
personnel when SEB arranged for an Internet trading station to be set up on
Chia’s office computer.

25 As alluded to earlier (at [21] above), SEB wanted to deepen its
relationship with APBS and requested Chia to arrange for meetings between its
(SEB’s) officers and the directors or senior management of APBS. All such
requests were rebuffed by Chia with excuses. On one occasion, Chia told Amin
that it was not necessary for him (Amin) to contact anyone else in APBS except
himself (Chia). It never occurred to any of SEB’s officers to question why
Chia was so reluctant to introduce them to APBS’s senior management. Thus,
SEB’s sole point of contact with APBS was Chia himself. SEB at no time thought
this state of affairs unusual for an important corporate customer like APBS,
despite the size of the SEB Facilities.

Chia’s “round-tripping” scheme

26 Chia was able to defraud SEB (and also APBS) by employing a “round-
tripping” scheme which he implemented using surplus funds of APBS that were
deposited in a genuine account which APBS had with Oversea-Chinese Banking
Corporation Limited (“OCBC”). When money borrowed from SEB was due to be
repaid, Chia would transfer funds from APBS’s account with OCBC (“the OCBC
Account”) to the SEB S$ Account. (In this regard, it should be noted that the
money drawn by Chia from the SEB Facilities (including the FX Facility and the
MM Facility, which were US$ facilities) was ultimately all paid into the SEB
S$ Account specifically.) To cover up the deposits taken from the OCBC
Account, Chia created a fictitious account with Citibank (“the fictitious
Citibank Account”). Deposits taken out of the OCBC Account were recorded as
having been deposited into the fictitious Citibank Account. Chia told his
subordinate, one Mr Teo Hun Teck (“Teo”), that the reason for the ostensible
transfer of funds was because Citibank offered a higher interest rate than
OCBC. He instructed Teo not to inform F&N Group Treasury of the fictitious
Citibank Account. Chia also created a fictitious document entitled “Schedule
of Fixed Deposits Committed”, supposedly from Citibank, to show that APBS had
fixed deposits with Citibank. Upon the “maturity” of the fictitious deposits
with Citibank, Chia transferred a sum from the SEB S$ Account to the OCBC
Account to give the appearance that Citibank was paying the appropriate
interest. Although Chia never showed Teo any fixed deposit advices from
Citibank, the latter did not think that anything was amiss. Teo also did not
notice that the “interest” on the Citibank “deposits” was being paid into the
OCBC Account from the SEB S$ Account, rather than from the fictitious Citibank
Account. Eventually, Teo informed one Ms Goh Chee Yee (“Ms Goh”), a
representative of F&N Group Treasury, about the fictitious Citibank Account
and the fact that no fixed deposit advice had ever been received in respect of
that account. Ms Goh, instead of checking with Chia, merely instructed Teo to
obtain such advices from Chia.

27 In addition to the wily actions described above, Chia gave false and
misleading information to his subordinates and intercepted all communications
from SEB. Further, even though cheques drawn on the OCBC Account required two
signatures, Chia had no trouble getting his subordinate co-signatories to
countersign the cheques used to transfer funds from the OCBC Account to the
SEB S$ Account. Altogether, from 13 December 2000 to 24 October 2002, Chia
carried out 27 “round-tripping” transactions between the OCBC Account and the
SEB S$ Account. Specifically, S$45m was transferred from the OCBC Account to
the SEB S$ Account between 13 December 2000 and 16 October 2002 by way of 18
cheques drawn on the OCBC Account (“the OCBC Cheques”), whilst S$45,347,671.23
was transferred from the SEB S$ Account to the OCBC Account between 16 July
2001 and 24 October 2002 by way of telegraphic transfers (see the table at
[130] below).

Chia’s dealings with HVB

28 Unlike SEB, HVB granted, or attempted to grant, only one loan facility to
APBS. Chia used the same _modus operandi_ to obtain a loan facility from HVB.
Sometime between late 2000 and early 2001, he contacted HVB’s officer, Ms Tan
Hwee Koon (“Ms Tan”), whom he had met earlier when she was working at Sakura
Bank (now known as Sumitomo Mitsui Banking Corporation (“Sumitomo Bank”)). Ms
Tan had then just joined HVB as a senior officer of its International Desk.
Chia must have sensed that Ms Tan, being a new officer, would be anxious to
acquire a banking relationship for HVB with a blue-chip company like APBS.
Chia and Ms Tan met on 13 March 2001 at The Tavern. At the meeting, Chia asked
Ms Tan for a US$10m short-term revolving loan and a US$5m foreign exchange
facility for APBS, indicating to her that the loans could be the start of a
bigger business relationship between HVB and APBS. However, the meeting was
unproductive as HVB declined Chia’s requests because they did not fit in with
its lending strategy.

29 Notwithstanding the abortive meeting between Chia and Ms Tan in March 2001,
in August 2002, Ms Tan contacted Chia. By that time, Chia’s gambling debts had
mounted. Chia asked Ms Tan for a US$30m three-year term loan for APBS,
ostensibly to finance its new bottling line. Ms Tan and HVB’s Head of
International Desk, Mr Matthias Zimmermann (“Zimmermann”), met Chia on 8
January 2003 at Raffles Hotel to discuss the proposal. At the meeting, Chia
informed Zimmermann and Ms Tan that he was in charge of the finance operations
of APBS, and that his job entailed handling all the credit facilities and
banking relationships of APBS. Chia also mentioned that OCBC was the main
banker for the APBL group of companies, but said that he did not like the
services provided by OCBC and wanted to give HVB a business opportunity as he
had known Ms Tan while she was working at Sumitomo Bank. In subsequent
negotiations with Chia, Ms Tan asked for supporting documents to verify the
purpose for which the loan was sought. While he provided some financial data
to Ms Tan, Chia did not give her any documents. On her part, Ms Tan eventually
dropped the issue.

30 HVB eventually offered APBS a US$30m three-year amortising term loan (“the
HVB Facility”) on certain terms and conditions. On 21 and 24 March 2003, Chia
delivered to Ms Tan HVB’s opening account forms, duly completed, and other
documents purportedly setting out APBS’s acceptance of the HVB Facility,
including a certified extract of the APBS Board resolution purportedly
accepting the facility. Those documents were all forged. It was also later
disclosed that the loan documentation for the HVB Facility was signed by Chia
in his car on 21 March 2003 when he met Ms Tan at the car park of HVB’s office
building. In our view, this was a red flag that even the most bullish credit
officer could not have missed.

31 Many of the features present in the manner in which Chia defrauded SEB were
also present in the way he defrauded HVB. However, there were at least two
differences. First, unlike SEB, HVB had a very short banking relationship with
Chia. The HVB Facility was drawn down in one tranche on 25 March 2003, and
Chia was arrested a few months later. Second, HVB’s internal verification
procedures were more stringent than those of SEB. HVB’s “Corporate Banking
Credit Policy, Asia” dated 27 August 2002 (“HVB’s Credit Policy”) stated at
para 13.1.1:[note: 9]

Upon receipt of the executed documents from the Customer by the CRM [Credit
Risk Manager], both the RM [Relationship Manager]/Product Specialist and the
CRM have to check and verify that documents have been properly executed and
[that] all required documents have been obtained. The Banking Support
Department is responsible for verifying the signature o[n] the documents if
those signers have record[s] with [HVB]. _If those signers do not have any
record[s] with [HVB], the RM/Product Specialist is responsible to make the
necessary arrangement to witness and verify these signatures_. [emphasis
added]

Needless to say, para 13.1.1 of HVB’s Credit Policy was ignored by HVB’s
officers, who simply accepted at face value whatever documents Chia gave them.

The issues and the findings in the court below

32 The material issues before the Judge may be summarised as follows:

(a) whether APBS held out Chia as having authority to represent to the
Appellants that it had accepted the credit facilities offered by them
(collectively referred to hereafter as “the Credit Facilities”) and that the
forged APBS Board resolutions which he (Chia) gave them in connection with
those credit facilities were genuine (“the Agency Issue”);

(b) whether APBS was vicariously liable for the fraud committed by Chia on the
Appellants (“the Vicarious Liability Issue”);

(c) whether APBS owed a duty of care to HVB to have in place reasonable
internal controls to prevent and detect fraud, and, if so, whether APBS was in
breach of this duty (“the Negligence Issue”);

(d) whether APBS was liable to make restitution to SEB of the sum of
S$29,468,723.30 (“the Restitution Issue”); and

(e) apropos APBS’s restitutionary counterclaim against SEB, whether SEB was
liable for knowing receipt and/or dishonest assistance with respect to the sum
of S$45m transferred from the OCBC Account to the SEB S$ Account (“the
Restitutionary Counterclaim Issue”).

As can be seen from the aforesaid list, the issues common to both the
Appellants _vis-à-vis_ APBS were the Agency Issue and the Vicarious Liability
Issue. The Negligence Issue was relevant only to HVB and APBS, whilst the
Restitution Issue and the Restitutionary Counterclaim Issue were relevant only
to SEB and APBS.

33 As mentioned at [6] above, the Judge ruled against the Appellants on all
the pleaded heads of claim, except for SEB’s claim in restitution, which she
allowed in the amount of S$347,671.23. She made no order on APBS’s
counterclaim against SEB in the light of her decision on the Restitution
Issue. Her rulings and reasoning on the various heads of claim are summarised
in the headnote of the HC Judgment, as follows (see the HC Judgment at
789–791):

_Actual authority_

(1) Chia did not have express authority by virtue of the certified extracts of
the various [APBS] [B]oard resolutions as they were false and were of no legal
effect: at [33] [of the HC Judgment].

(2) Chia did not have general authority as Finance Manager of APBS to commit
APBS to the SEB Facilities and the HVB Facility without the sanction of the
APBS [B]oard based on the construction of the “internal documents” (namely,
the [Position Description] and the rules and guidelines in the [GTP] which
together set out the duties of the Finance Manager): at [43] [of the HC
Judgment].

(3) The condition precedent calling for the certified extract of [an APBS]
[B]oard resolution in and of itself carried the implication that the
[Appellants] appreciated and knew that Chia had no actual authority to bind
[APBS], and that the power to give approval to an application for a loan and
to execute the documents necessary to give effect to the transaction was the
domain of the [APBS Board]: at [31] [of the HC Judgment].

(4) In the absence of any express authority to act for the particular purpose
of the transaction in question (in this case to establish a banking
relationship with the [Appellants] by opening the SEB Accounts, and by binding
APBS in respect of the SEB Facilities and [the] HVB Facility), it followed
that there was no implied actual authority which typically arose incidentally
for the effective execution and performance of the express authority in the
usual way: at [34] [of the HC Judgment].

(5) Chia[,] in putting forward the forged documents as genuine[,] was not
acting within his actual authority, whether express or implied: at [48] [of
the HC Judgment].

(6) At all material times, the [Appellants] decided to accept the various
certified extracts of the [APBS] [B]oard resolutions on the strength of the
certification, ostensibly signed by directors of [APBS,] that the matters
stated in the extracts had been passed as recorded, and … _not_ because Chia
was putting forward forged documents as genuine. This was the verification of
the documents point which ran counter to the argument of Chia’s implied actual
authority to warrant that the certified extracts of the [APBS] [B]oard
resolutions were genuine or that the [APBS] [B]oard had approved the
transactions: at [72] [of the HC Judgment].

(7) Chia’s fraud on [APBS] and the [Appellants] was necessarily determinative
of the [Appellants]’ authority debate. Chia’s actual authority (express or
implied), if any, was impliedly subject to a condition that it was to be
exercised honestly and on behalf of the principal: at [46] [of the HC
Judgment].

_Ostensible authority_

(8) A principal might in appropriate circumstances be bound by the fraudulent
acts of his agent where there _was_ evidence of ostensible authority: at [102]
[of the HC Judgment].

(9) On the evidence, _no_ authorised person in APBS held out Chia as having
authority to enter into and execute the SEB Facilities and [the] HVB Facility.
As such APBS was _not_ estopped from denying the forgery: at [102] [of the HC
Judgment].

(10) Since the [Appellants] led no evidence of what Chia was required to do,
and in fact did, and whether [APBS] acquiesced in what he did[,] … what was
before the court was the fact of Chia’s appointment as Finance Manager and
that of itself was insufficient “representation” by APBS of Chia’s apparent
authority to make representation[s] of fact such as [to] warrant the
genuineness of the certified extracts of the [APBS] [B]oard resolutions, or to
communicate [the APBS] [B]oard[’s] approval of the transaction[s]: at [121]
[of the HC Judgment].

(11) Evidentially, reliance on the apparent authority of Chia was difficult to
satisfy in the light of the [Appellants]’ standard requirement for [an APBS]
[B]oard resolution: at [127] [of the HC Judgment].

(12) The [Appellants]’ impression – that the certified extracts were genuine
as they had been properly executed, and consequently [were evidence of] the
validity of Chia’s authority to act on behalf of APBS – was founded purely on
the [Appellants]’ own narrow and limited verification and acceptance of the
condition precedent documents[,] [the Appellants] having chosen to forego
inquiry as to [Chia’s] authority: at [141] [of the HC Judgment].

(13) On the evidence, the [Appellants] willingly accepted the certified
extracts of the [APBS] [B]oard resolutions and willingly took the risk of
forgery and Chia’s lack of authority. Consequently, (a) the rules of apparent
authority would not apply as they could not be fulfilled, and (b) the
attendant risks or factors that could vitiate the transactions including the
risk of forgery fell on the [Appellants]: at [141] [of the HC Judgment].

(14) Verification of signature was a matter of common sense to safeguard the
[Appellants]’ own interests, and in forgoing the chance to do so, the
[Appellants] assumed the risks of fraud as was the case here: at [149] [of the
HC Judgment].

_Vicarious liability_

(15) The case of the [the Appellants] on vicarious liability failed for the
same reasons that the agency claim based on ostensible authority failed: at
[198] [of the HC Judgment].

…

_Neglige_ nce

(17) In order to establish a duty of care, it was necessary that [APBS] knew
that the intending lender [_ie_ , HVB] would rely on Chia’s representations
for the purpose of deciding whether to make the loan: at [237] [of the HC
Judgment].

(18) There was no voluntary assumption of responsibility by APBS and no
relationship between APBS and HVB to ground a finding of [a] sufficient degree
of proximity by reference to physical proximity, circumstantial proximity or
causal proximity: at [237] [of the HC Judgment].

(19) If there was a duty of care and [if] the breach by APBS gave Chia the
opportunity to cheat HVB, the breach did not cause HVB’s loss. The proximate
cause of the loss was the fraud practised upon HVB by Chia, a risk that was
willingly assumed by HVB when it accepted the certified [APBS] [B]oard
resolution without verifying the directors’ signatures, and hence Chia’s
authority: at [243] [of the HC Judgment].

_Restitution_

(20) SEB’s restitutionary claim … failed because APBS could not be said to
have been unjustly enriched at the expense of … SEB as the payments to APBS by
way of telegraphic transfers [from the SEB S$ Account to the OCBC Account
between 16 July 2001 and 24 October 2002] discharged Chia’s liability to APBS
in respect of the sum of S$45m: at [282] [of the HC Judgment].

(21) APBS had been enriched by the receipt of S$347,671.23 because APBS was
not entitled to interest and Chia was under no legal obligation to pay any
interest on a deposit to APBS: at [283] [of the HC Judgment].

(22) The two drawings of US$13m and US$12m [on the MM Facility on 24 March
2003 and 21 May 2003] respectively were fresh drawings and the previous
drawings that were ascribed to the two drawings had been repaid and replaced
with new drawings at the respective dates. Since the drawdowns in March 2003
and May 2003 were not paid to or received by APBS, the effect of the rollover
benefited Chia at SEB’s expense: at [318] [of the HC Judgment].

(23) APBS’s change of position defence failed in respect of the sum of
S$347,671.23 because there was no extraordinary change of position and the
“but for” test of causation was not made out on the facts: at [330] [of the HC
Judgment].

(24) It was unnecessary to deal with APBS’s counterclaim in light of [the
decision reached on] SEB’s claim in restitution: at [331] [of the HC
Judgment].

[emphasis in original]

The issues to be dealt with in the present appeals

34 The Judge’s factual findings are largely not in dispute in the present
appeals, which focus substantially on the legal consequences of those
findings. The issues which we have to deal with are the same as those raised
in the court below (as listed at [32] above). We shall address these issues in
turn, beginning with the Agency Issue.

The Agency Issue

The Appellants’ arguments

35 The Agency Issue, to recapitulate, is whether APBS held out Chia as having
authority to represent to the Appellants that it had accepted the Credit
Facilities and that the forged APBS Board resolutions which he gave them in
connection with those credit facilities were genuine. As SEB adopted HVB’s
arguments before this court on this issue, we shall treat HVB’s arguments in
this regard as the Appellants’ joint arguments.

36 According to the Appellants, the Judge misunderstood their case against
APBS on the Agency Issue, and this affected her decision on the issue of
ostensible authority. The Appellants submit that their case in the court below
was not that Chia had actual and/or ostensible authority to obtain credit
facilities from banks on APBS’s behalf. Rather, their case was that Chia, as
the most senior finance officer in APBS, had authority, whether actual, usual
or apparent (_ie_ , ostensible), to make representations on behalf of APBS,
including representations that APBS had accepted the Credit Facilities and
that the forged APBS Board resolutions which he gave them were genuine. The
Appellants argue that this proposition is on all fours with the decision of
the English Court of Appeal (“the English CA”) in _First Energy (UK) Ltd v
Hungarian International Bank Ltd_ [1993] 2 Lloyd’s Rep 194 (“ _First Energy_
”). They contend that what _First Energy_ decided was that although the senior
manager of the Manchester office of the defendant bank in that case had
expressly told the plaintiff customer that he had no authority to sanction the
credit facility sought by the plaintiff, he had, by virtue of his position as
the senior manager, apparent authority to communicate to the plaintiff that
the defendant’s head office in London had given approval for that credit
facility. In essence, the Appellants argue, the English CA held in _First
Energy_ that the law recognised that in modern commerce, an agent who had no
apparent authority to conclude a particular transaction on his principal’s
behalf might sometimes nonetheless be clothed with apparent authority to make
representations of fact about that transaction, including the representation
that his principal had approved that transaction.

37 The Appellants have also made the following points in relation to _First
Energy_ :

(a) _First Energy_ illustrates that a rigid requirement for a holding out in
the form of an unequivocal and express representation by the principal
directly to the third party is wholly inadequate and inapt when applied to the
complexities of transacting with impersonal corporate structures which must
deal through agents in today’s commercial world.

(b) In reality, one would be hard-pressed to find an unequivocal and express
representation by the principal directly to the third party, and it would
often be the case that the representation is instead implied by the
principal’s conduct in clothing the agent with the trappings of authority by
placing him in a certain position in the organisation.

(c) The Judge erred in law in failing to give sufficient weight to the
decision in _First Energy_ and in directing her mind singularly to the
question of whether there had been an express representation from APBS to the
Appellants as to Chia’s authority. In so doing, the Judge failed to appreciate
the relevance and importance of _First Energy_ , where the emphasis of the
court’s legal analysis, instead of being placed (as per the traditional
position) on the need for an unequivocal and express representation by the
principal to the third party, shifted (rightly, in the Appellants’ view) to
the reasonable expectations of the third party as they would objectively
appear in the context of commercial convenience and modern-day dealings.

(d) The position adopted by the English CA in _First Energy_ is in line with
the principle of fair risk allocation and recent developments in case law.
_First Energy_ has been applied in Singapore in a number of cases (_eg_ , in
_Hongkong & Shanghai Banking Corp Ltd v Jurong Engineering Ltd and others_
[2000] 1 SLR(R) 204 (“ _Jurong Engineering_ ”) and _Lee Feng Steel Pte Ltd v
First Commercial Bank_ [1996] 3 SLR(R) 64), and also recently in England in
_Alan Lovett, Geoffrey Lambert Carton-Kelly v Carson Country Homes Ltd,
Barclays Bank Plc, Registrar of Companies, Andrew Alexander Jewson, Edward
Charles Carter_ [2009] EWHC 1143. The principle laid down in _First Energy_
has also been applied in the Australian case of _Pacific Carriers Limited v
BNP Paribas_ [2004] HCA 35, where the High Court of Australia acknowledged
that a kind of representation often arising in business dealings was one which
flowed from vesting an officer of a company with a certain title or status and
equipping him with certain facilities. Such a representation, the court noted,
might result in the principal permitting the agent to act in a certain manner
without proper safeguards against misrepresentation.

The decision in First Energy

38 As the Appellants’ case on Chia’s authority to make the fraudulent
representations which were made is founded upon the authority of _First
Energy_ , we now examine this case in detail to see what the English CA
actually decided and what the basis of its decision was. Before doing so, we
should reiterate the established principle (which the Appellants do not
dispute) that the law does not recognise the notion of what is commonly termed
a “self-authorising” agent – _ie_ , under the law of agency, an agent who has
no authority, whether actual or ostensible, to perform a certain act cannot
confer upon himself authority to do that act by representing that he has such
authority. This principle is well illustrated by the House of Lords’ decision
in _Armagas Ltd v Mundogas SA_ [1986] AC 717 (“ _Armagas_ ”).

39 In _Armagas_ , the plaintiff (“AL”) negotiated to purchase a ship from the
defendant (“MSA”). AL planned to let the ship back to MSA on a three-year
charterparty so as to finance the sale. The sale was brokered by an agent
(“J”), who stood to gain if the deal went through. At all material times, J
communicated with one Magelssen (“M”), who was MSA’s vice-president
(transportation) and chartering manager, regarding the sale. M told J that MSA
would only enter into a one-year charterparty. J then offered M a bribe, and M
signed a three-year charterparty to the satisfaction of AL. M also signed a
one-year charterparty so as to mislead MSA. The ship was duly let to MSA,
which returned it after one year. AL thought the charterparty was for three
years and therefore sued MSA for breach of contract. AL argued that M had
either implied actual authority or apparent authority to sign the three-year
charterparty on MSA’s behalf. The House of Lords held that notwithstanding M’s
appointment as MSA’s agent in relation to the sale of the vessel, that
position did not carry any usual or customary authority to sign a three-year
charterparty; neither was there a representation by MSA that M had such
authority. The only representation made was that made by M himself. In the
circumstances, the House of Lords dismissed AL’s claim against MSA.

40 In his judgment, Lord Keith of Kinkel, after expressing his agreement with
Robert Goff LJ’s observation in the English CA (_viz_ , that it was most
unlikely to be the law that a principal would be bound in a situation where
its agent, who had no ostensible authority to enter into a particular
transaction on its behalf, wrongly asserted after negotiations that he had
gone back to the principal and had obtained actual authority to enter into
that transaction (see _Armagas_ at 731)), said (at 779 of _Armagas_):

_It must be a most unusual and peculiar case where an agent who is known to
have no general authority to enter into transactions of a certain type can by
reason of circumstances created by the principal reasonably be believed to
have specific authority to enter into a particular transaction of that type_.
The facts of the present case fall far short of establishing such a situation.
I conclude that the [English CA] rightly rejected [AL’s] claim based on
ostensible authority. [emphasis added]

41 Subsequently, the English CA found _First Energy_ to be such an “unusual
and peculiar case” (_per_ Lord Keith in _Armagas_ at 779). The plaintiff in
_First Energy_ (“FE”) specialised in the replacement of old-fashioned heating
systems with a more economical form of space heating. In order to make its
product financially attractive to customers, FE allowed its customers to pay
for the installation of the new system by instalments. FE sought financing
from the defendant bank (“HIB”), which had its head office in London and which
also had a branch office in Manchester. FE negotiated with the senior manager
of HIB’s Manchester office (“Mr J”), who had authority to sanction large
credit transactions and sign facility letters. However, at an advanced stage
of the negotiations, Mr J informed FE that he had no authority to sanction a
credit facility of the amount asked for by FE.

42 Thereafter, HIB sent FE a facility letter, signed by its managing director
and by an assistant director (“Mr P”), offering a £2m credit facility for five
years. However, this facility letter did not come into force. Since FE
required financing for an initial project, the parties instead entered,
successfully, into an _ad hoc_ arrangement whereby HIB provided interim hire
purchase (“HP”) financing to FE for that initial project only. While
discussions (which were known to Mr P) were ongoing between FE and Mr J to
implement a more permanent financing agreement, FE secured three more
projects. With respect to those three projects, Mr J wrote to FE on 2 August
1990 offering three more interim HP facilities as well as attaching the
relevant agreements (“the 2 August HP Agreements”) for FE’s completion. FE
subsequently returned the 2 August HP Agreements duly completed. In the
meantime, HIB’s senior management decided that HIB should not be financially
involved in FE’s ventures, including the three projects which were the subject
matter of the 2 August HP Agreements. FE, which was left without financing by
that decision, sued to enforce the 2 August HP Agreements. The trial judge
ruled in FE’s favour, whereupon HIB appealed.

43 The English CA dismissed HIB’s appeal. It held, on the particular facts of
the case, that:

(a) Mr J’s position as the senior manager of HIB’s Manchester office was such
that Mr J was clothed with ostensible authority to communicate that HIB’s head
office had approved the 2 August HP Agreements;

(b) the fact that FE knew that Mr J’s actual authority to offer credit
facilities on HIB’s behalf was limited did not necessarily mean that Mr J’s
authority to communicate decisions on HIB’s behalf _vis-à-vis_ credit
facilities was also limited; and

(c) the trial judge was entitled to find as a matter of fact that Mr J
possessed ostensible authority to communicate the approval by HIB’s head
office of the 2 August HP Agreements.

Accordingly, the English CA upheld the trial judge’s decision that HIB was
bound by the 2 August HP Agreements.

44 Each member of the English CA in _First Energy_ delivered a separate
judgment. Steyn LJ began his judgment by observing that a decision to the
contrary effect (_viz_ , that HIB was not bound by the 2 August HP Agreements)
would “frustrate the reasonable expectations of the parties” (at 196) and
would, moreover, “be based on an unreal premise as to the way in which
commercial men transact[ed] business _of the particular kind involved in
th[at] case_ ” [emphasis added] (at 196). He held (at 204) that “the law
recognise[d] that in modern commerce[,] an agent who ha[d] no apparent
authority to conclude a particular transaction [might] sometimes be clothed
with apparent authority to make representations of fact [apropos that
transaction]”. He distinguished the decision in _Armagas_ on the basis that it
dealt with specific authority as opposed to general authority, and stated (at
203) that that decision did not foreclose the possibility of an agent having
ostensible authority to communicate his principal’s approval of a transaction
even though he (_ie_ , the agent) himself had no authority to enter into that
transaction.

45 Evans LJ distinguished _Armagas_ on the basis that the agent there (_ie_ ,
M) had no authority either to enter into the relevant transaction or to
communicate his principal’s (_ie_ , MSA’s) approval of that transaction. In
contrast, in _First Energy_ , Mr J, _by virtue of his position_ as the senior
manager of HIB’s Manchester office, had general authority to communicate
decisions made by his superiors, and therefore had authority to communicate
the specific representation that HIB’s head office in London had sanctioned
the 2 August HP Agreements. Evans LJ also expressed the view that such a
decision would reflect the practical realities of the commercial world.

46 Nourse LJ agreed with the reasons given by both Steyn and Evans LJJ. He
added that “[a] question of ostensible authority [was] primarily one of fact”
(at 207), and held that on the facts, the trial judge’s conclusion in FE’s
favour was “the _only_ one to which [the trial judge] could have come on the
evidence before him” [emphasis added] (at 207). He further stated that HIB’s
proposition – _viz_ , that “[FE’s] knowledge of [Mr J’s] inability to sanction
any facility was just as much knowledge of [Mr J’s] inability to communicate
head office’s approval of a facility” (at 207) – involved “a non sequitur
which offend[ed] both commercial reality and common sense” (at 207).

47 In their judgments, all three members of the English CA in _First Energy_
expressly stated that their rulings were entirely consistent with _Armagas_.
Accordingly, _First Energy_ is distinguishable from _Armagas_ only on the
facts. As far as we can see, the distinguishing features are as follows:

(a) _Armagas_ involved a situation where it was not difficult for AL to check
with MSA regarding M’s authority. In contrast, in _First Energy_ , given that
Mr J was the senior manager of HIB’s Manchester office, it would be
impractical to expect each customer of HIB’s Manchester office to check with
HIB’s head office in London regarding Mr J’s authority.

(b) In _First Energy_ , both the trial judge as well as the English CA
effectively found as a fact that Mr J had ostensible authority to make the
specific representation that HIB’s head office in London had approved the
credit facility sought by FE. In contrast, in _Armagas_ , M was found not to
have any authority, whether ostensible or otherwise, to enter into a three-
year charterparty on MSA’s behalf.

(c) _Armagas_ concerned an agent who had limited authority, whereas _First
Energy_ concerned an agent who effectively had wide-ranging authority to
perform a variety of tasks, including that of conveying his principal’s
approval of the transaction in question.

48 Steyn LJ’s approach in _First Energy_ was influenced in part by Kerr LJ’s
general observations on the nature of apparent authority in _Egyptian
International Foreign Trade Co v Soplex Wholesale Supplies Ltd, and P S Refson
& Co Ltd (The “Raffaella”)_ [1985] 2 Lloyd’s Rep 36 (“ _The Raffaella_ ”).
Kerr LJ’s observations went further than those of Lord Keith at 779 of
_Armagas_ (reproduced at [40] above; see also _First Energy_ at 203 for Steyn
LJ’s comments on Kerr LJ’s observations in _The Raffaella_). However, what had
an even greater influence on Steyn LJ’s approach in _First Energy_ was Browne-
Wilkinson LJ’s reasoning in _The Raffaella_ (at 43), as follows:

As at present advised, I am not satisfied that the principle to be derived
from those cases [including _Armagas_] is as wide as [the second defendant’s
counsel] suggests [the submission of the second defendant’s counsel was that a
principal could not be held liable as a result of the agent holding himself
out as having an authority which he did not in fact possess]: they were all
cases or dicta dealing with the position where the agent had neither authority
to enter into the transaction [in question] nor authority to make
representations on behalf of the principal. It is obviously correct that an
agent who has no actual or apparent authority either (a) to enter into a
transaction or (b) to make representations as to the transaction cannot hold
himself out as having authority to enter into the transaction so as to
[a]ffect the principal’s position. _But, suppose a company confers actual or
apparent authority on X to make representations and X erroneously represents
to a third party that Y has authority to enter into a transaction; why should
not such a representation be relied upon as part of the holding out of Y by
the company? By parity of reasoning, if a company confers actual or apparent
authority on A to make representations on the company’s behalf but no actual
authority on A to enter into the specific transaction, why should a
representation made by A as to his authority not be capable of being relied on
as one of the acts of holding out?_ There is substantial authority that it can
be: see _British Thomson-Houston Co. Ltd. v. Federated European Bank Ltd_.,
[1932] 2 K.B. 176, especially at p. 182 (where the only holding out was an
erroneous representation by the agent that he was managing director); and the
_Freeman & Lockyer_ case [_ie_ , _Freeman & Lockyer (A Firm) v Buckhurst Park
Properties (Mangal) Ltd and Another_ [1964] 2 QB 480] per Lord Justice Pearson
at p. 499; _Hely-Hutchison v. Brayhead Ltd_., [1968] 1 Q.B. 549 per Lord
Denning, M.R. at p. 593A–D. _If, as I am inclined to think[,] an agent with
authority to make representations can make a representation that he has
authority to enter into a transaction, then the [trial] [j]udge was entitled
to hold, as he did, that Mr. Booth, as the representative of Refson [the
second defendant] in charge of the transaction, had implied or apparent
authority to make the representation that only one signature was required and
that this representation was a relevant consideration in deciding whether
Refson had held out Mr. Booth as having authority to sign the undertaking
[given to the plaintiff]_. [emphasis added]

49 In _The Raffaella_ , the plaintiff (“EIFT”) contracted to buy a cargo of
cement from the first defendant (“Soplex”). Soplex intended to fulfil that
contract by purchasing a vessel together with her cargo of cement. The second
defendant (“Refson”), the trading bank which acted as Soplex’s banker for the
transaction, issued a guarantee in favour of EIFT promising to make
irrevocable payment if the vessel did not arrive at the designated port by the
stipulated date and/or if the cement supplied by Soplex did not meet the
contractual standard. The guarantee was signed only by Mr Booth, Refson’s
documentary credits manager, who did not in fact have actual authority to sign
the guarantee on Refson’s behalf and who also concealed the giving of the
guarantee from his superiors. EIFT subsequently made a claim under the
guarantee. Refson denied liability, contending (_inter alia_) that Mr Booth
had no authority to sign any guarantee which would be binding on it. This
argument was rejected by the trial judge, who held Refson liable under the
guarantee. On appeal, the English CA (consisting of Lawton, Kerr and Browne-
Wilkinson LJJ) affirmed the trial judge’s decision. It held that on the facts
of that case:

(a) Mr Booth had apparent authority to sign the guarantee on behalf of Refson
as the latter had held out Mr Booth as being a manager of the kind who dealt
with its affairs generally and who could reasonably be expected to have
general authority; and

(b) the evidence taken as a whole was sufficient to entitle the trial judge to
find that Mr Booth had been held out by Refson as having apparent authority to
sign the guarantee issued in favour of EIFT.

50 Kerr LJ also said that the issue before the court “raise[d] no question of
principle[,] but merely the proper inference to be drawn from the evidence”
(see _The Raffaella_ at 43). He held that “Mr. Booth had Refson’s actual
authority to do everything on which [EIFT] rel[ied] as clothing him with the
apparent authority to sign the [guarantee] without the addition of any other
signature” (see _The Raffaella_ at 43–44).

Our ruling on the Agency Issue

51 It is clear from the foregoing examination of _The Raffaella_ and _First
Energy_ that in both cases, the court’s decision was based on a specific
finding of fact that the principal concerned had held out its agent as having
authority to make, in relation to the transaction in question, representations
of the class or kind of representations that the agent actually made, even
though the agent knew he had no actual authority to enter into the transaction
itself. In particular, it was made abundantly clear in _First Energy_ that Mr
J, as the senior manager of HIB’s Manchester office, had overall
responsibility of that office. In such circumstances, it made good commercial
sense that a customer of HIB’s Manchester office should be able to rely on
what was conveyed to him by Mr J. In contrast, in the present case, Chia was
merely the finance manager of APBS, a title which does not connote the
possession of any specific authority. The senior management of APBS, including
the APBS Board, was also within easy reach of the Appellants. In the
circumstances of the case, the Judge found as a fact that APBS had not held
out to the Appellants, whether by its actions or by Chia’s position as Finance
Manager, that Chia had any authority to make on its behalf any representations
of the class or kind of representations that Chia actually made. The Judge’s
finding is purely one of fact; therefore, unless the Appellants are able to
show that this finding of fact is plainly wrong or is against the weight of
the evidence, their appeals based on apparent authority must fail.

52 The Appellants rely on the following evidence as amounting to a holding out
by APBS of Chia’s authority to represent that APBS had accepted the Credit
Facilities and that the forged APBS Board resolutions provided by Chia were
genuine:

(a) Chia, apart from being the most senior finance officer in APBS, was a
member of APBS’s senior management as stated in the Position Description.

(b) Ms Tan had dealt with Chia previously in 2000, when she was at Sumitomo
Bank, in relation to credit facilities sought on behalf of APBS. Thus, in her
dealings with Chia after she joined HVB, she had every reason to believe that
Chia was similarly authorised by APBS to request for credit facilities on its
behalf.

(c) Chia had unlimited authority to operate and control the OCBC Account,
except that he was a co-signatory.

(d) Chia had authority to open fixed deposit accounts in APBS’s name for the
purposes of investing APBS’s temporary surplus funds, and also had a
compliance function with respect to the covenants and obligations of APBS
under credit facilities which it took out. Both of those areas of work would
require Chia to communicate with banks.

(e) Chia frequently dealt with banks and acted as the point of communication
between APBS and banks. In fact, Mr Brand Jan van den Berg, an APBL director,
had told Zimmermann (HVB’s Head of International Desk) on one occasion that
Chia was the appropriate person in APBS to discuss banking facilities with.

(f) Chia had wide powers with regard to his subordinates as well as APBS’s
facilities and properties. He had met and entertained SEB’s officers at APBS’s
premises, and had shown them around the premises. Further, he had allowed
SEB’s officers to set up SEB’s Internet trading system on his own office
computer with the assistance of APBS’s IT personnel.

53 In the court below, the Judge, after considering all of the above factors,
held that they were insufficient to show that APBS had held out Chia as having
authority to make the false representations which he made to the Appellants.
We are substantially in agreement with her ruling. Accordingly, as far as the
facts are concerned, the Judge was entitled to find on the evidence that APBS
_did not_ hold out Chia as having the authority contended by the Appellants,
_ie_ , actual and/or ostensible authority to represent that APBS had accepted
the Credit Facilities and that the forged APBS Board resolutions which he
provided in connection with those credit facilities were genuine.

54 In view of our finding that APBS did not make the holding out submitted by
the Appellants, the principle laid down in _First Energy_ – _viz_ , that an
agent who has no authority, whether actual or apparent, to conclude a
particular transaction on his principal’s behalf may nevertheless have
apparent authority to represent that his principal has approved the
transaction – has no application in the present case. It is accordingly not
necessary for us to decide whether that principle should be accepted as good
law in Singapore. However, given the importance of _First Energy_ to the
Appellants’ arguments and given, also, that the principle laid down in that
case is likely to surface again in our courts, we think it desirable that we
state our views on the case.

Our observations on First Energy

55 As mentioned at sub-para (d) of [37] above, _First Energy_ has been applied
in Australia, and was recently followed in England. In addition, as the Judge
observed (at [115] of the HC Judgment), _First Energy_ has also been relied on
in Singapore in _Jurong Engineering_ by the High Court for the principle that
(see _Jurong Engineering_ at [68]):

… [I]f the [principal] has _expressly_ authorised the agent to make
representations on its behalf, then any representation made by that agent that
he himself has authority to do an act is a good representation for the
purposes of conferring apparent authority on the agent to do that act, even if
he has been expressly prohibited to do it, and even if it is not something
that agents in his position usually have power to do. [emphasis added]

56 With respect to the above passage from _Jurong Engineering_ , the Judge
said (at [116] of the HC Judgment), without coming to any conclusion on the
correctness of the principle set out therein:

If one adopts the narrower reading of [_First Energy_] (seemingly favoured in
… _Jurong Engineering_), _First Energy_ would be inapplicable to the present
case because there was no express authorisation whatsoever by APBS that Chia
could make the alleged representation[s] of fact on its behalf. If one says
that _First Energy_ stands for the proposition that the representation as to
authority made by the principal is completely not required so as to advance
the public policy consideration of protecting third parties, this departs too
radically from the conceptual basis of the doctrine of apparent authority, as
the doctrine is premised fundamentally on such [a] representation having been
made.

57 There are four observations which we wish to make apropos _First Energy_.
The first is that, as mentioned at [47] above, the English CA did not consider
that its decision departed from established authority. If the English CA’s
view is correct, then _First Energy_ would be considered good law here. It
may, however, be that _First Energy_ is _not_ in fact consonant with
established authority, but is instead a radical departure from the traditional
conceptual basis of the doctrine of apparent authority as well as inconsistent
with _Armagas_ (as suggested by the Judge at [116] of the HC Judgment and by
Prof F M B Reynolds in “The Ultimate Apparent Authority” (1994) 110 LQR 21).
In this regard, we note that criticism of _First Energy_ has been made in
(_inter alia_) Peter Watts & F M B Reynolds, _Bowstead and Reynolds on Agency_
(Sweet & Maxwell, 19th Ed, 2010), which states (at para 8-023) that that case
“involves a departure from the basic principles of apparent authority, for
which no general justifying principle seems ready [at] hand”, as well as Tan
Cheng Han, _The Law of Agency_ (Academy Publishing, 2010), where the learned
author opines that _First Energy_ “was an example of a difficult case possibly
making bad law” (at para 5.047) and that “courts should be slow to adopt the
approach in _First Energy_ … unless there are exceptional facts” (at para
5.043). If these criticisms of _First Energy_ are justified, then that
decision should not be followed by our courts. Therefore, if it becomes
necessary in a future case for a Singapore court to decide whether or not
_First Energy_ is good law in this country, the court will have to first
identify, in so far as is possible, what principle (if any) was established in
_First Energy_ that is not (according to the English CA) inconsistent with
_Armagas_.

58 Our second observation is that, as mentioned at [48] above, in _First
Energy_ , Steyn LJ followed in the footsteps of Browne-Wilkinson LJ in _The
Raffaella_. Referring to Browne-Wilkinson LJ’s analysis of apparent authority
at 43 of _The Raffaella_ (reproduced earlier at [48] above), Steyn LJ said
that that passage “[threw] light on the approach [which the court] ought to
adopt” (see _First Energy_ at 204). He concluded (likewise at 204):

In agreement with the [trial] [j]udge[,] I have come to the conclusion, on the
particular facts of this case, that [Mr J’s] position as senior manager in
Manchester was such that he was clothed with ostensible authority to
communicate that head office approval had been given for the facility set out
in the [2 August HP Agreements]. Although his status was below that of a
managing director or general manager, it was nevertheless considerable. And,
in the circumstances of this case, the idea that [FE] should have checked with
the managing director in London whether HIB had approved the transaction seems
unreal. This factor is, of course, not decisive, but it is relevant to the
ultimate decision.

Having come to [the] conclusion, on the application of what I regard as
orthodox principles of law, that the [trial] [j]udge was entitled and indeed
right to find as a matter of fact that ostensible authority to communicate
head office approval of the transaction had been established, I return to the
place where I started. In my judgment a decision that [Mr J] did not have
apparent authority to communicate head office approval would defeat the
reasonable expectations of the parties. And it would fly in the face of the
way in which[,] in practice[,] negotiations are conducted between trading
banks and trading customers who seek commercial loans.

In other words, as we pointed out earlier (see sub-para (b) of [47] above),
Steyn LJ (and, likewise, the other two members of the English CA in _First
Energy_) specifically found that Mr J had ostensible authority to represent
that HIB’s head office in London had approved the 2 August HP Agreements. If
the decision in _First Energy_ is so understood, then it should pose no
doctrinal difficulty.

59 Our third point is that in _First Energy_ , the English CA treated Mr J’s
representation (_viz_ , that HIB’s head office in London had approved the 2
August HP Agreements) as merely another representation, like any other
representation that an agent may be authorised to make. In our view, however,
a representation by an agent that his principal has approved a transaction is
not like other representations. A representation as to the principal’s
approval of a transaction goes to the heart of the agency relationship. While
an agent may possess authority (whether actual or ostensible) to make general
representations pertaining to a certain transaction (such as, for example, a
representation about the condition of the goods involved in a sale
transaction), this authority, in a situation where the agent _does not_ also
possess authority (whether actual or ostensible) to enter into the said
transaction on the principal’s behalf, _cannot_ include authority to make the
specific representation that the principal has approved that transaction. To
argue that an agent has authority to represent that his principal has approved
a transaction – which is, in effect, authority to bind the principal to the
transaction – because he (the agent) has authority to make general
representations about the transaction and, hence, also has authority to
represent that his principal has approved the transaction is contrary to the
established principle that there cannot be self-authorisation by an agent. Of
course, if an agent has been conferred authority, whether actual or
ostensible, to make the _specific_ representation that his principal has
approved a transaction (which authority Mr J was found to have in _First
Energy_), he would also have been vested with at least ostensible authority to
enter into the transaction on his principal’s behalf. But, if the agent merely
has authority to make _general_ representations about the transaction and does
not have any authority (whether actual or ostensible) to enter into the
transaction on the principal’s behalf, it is not possible for him to give
himself such authority by falsely representing that his principal has approved
the transaction, which representation carries with it the implication that the
principal has given him (the agent) the requisite authority to bind the
principal to the transaction.

60 Our fourth observation is that from an economic point of view, there is a
significant difference between the commercial relationship of the parties in
_First Energy_ and that of the parties in the present case. In _First Energy_
, FE needed financing to develop its business. Mr J, the senior manager of
HIB’s Manchester office (who, in Steyn LJ’s view (at 197), had greater general
authority than the general manager of HIB’s commercial department in London),
offered credit facilities to FE because he wanted HIB to invest in FE’s
business. Cutting off FE’s credit facilities would probably have caused to FE
more harm than the harm which validating those facilities might have caused to
HIB; in fact, HIB might not necessarily have incurred any loss despite being
held liable to honour the 2 August HP Agreements. The situation in the present
case is the converse – APBS is bound to suffer serious losses (which have
already materialised) if it is held liable for the fraudulent representations
of Chia that (_inter alia_) APBS had accepted the Credit Facilities, which
facilities APBS in fact never needed. We note, by way of further comparison,
that in _The Raffaella_ , Refson benefited from the transaction (_viz_ ,
Soplex’s purchase of the ship in question and her cargo of cement) as it acted
as Soplex’s banker for that transaction. This point is, of course, not
decisive of the issue at hand, but, in our view, it is a relevant factor in
determining whether the loss occasioned by an agent’s fraud or unauthorised
conduct should be borne by the principal or by the third party who deals with
the agent, where both the principal and the third party are innocent parties.

61 For the foregoing reasons, it is our view that _First Energy_ should be
understood as a case that was decided on the basis of the wide-ranging
authority that Mr J, as the senior manager of HIB’s Manchester office, was
found to have. Different kinds of agents have different authority in different
settings. In the present case, it cannot be said that the Judge was wrong in
declining to accord to Chia the same extent of authority as that accorded to
Mr J in _First Energy_. There was little evidence, unlike in the case of
_First Energy_ , to demonstrate that Chia possessed ostensible authority to
make representations that APBS had accepted the Credit Facilities. Chia was
only a finance manager of one company in a large corporate group, a position
that would carry with it less general authority than the position of a general
manager (in this regard, it should be noted that APBL had a group general
manager), a finance director or a managing director. Furthermore, Chia’s
authority as Finance Manager was not well known to the commercial world, and
was certainly unknown to both the Appellants, which knew only what Chia had
told their officers. Given these circumstances, there was no reason for any
lending bank to assume, based on the appearance of things, that Chia had
authority to represent that APBS had accepted credit facilities offered by the
bank.

The Vicarious Liability Issue

62 We turn now to the Vicarious Liability Issue, where the question to be
determined is whether APBS should be held vicariously liable for Chia’s fraud
on the Appellants. In our discussion of this issue, we shall, for convenience,
use the terms “employer” and “employee” to also denote a principal and an
agent respectively.

63 In analysing the Vicarious Liability Issue, the Judge considered the
relevant leading authorities to be _Lloyd (Pauper) v Grace, Smith & Co_ [1912]
AC 716 (“ _Lloyd v Grace Smith_ ”) and _Armagas_. She stated (at [194] of the
HC Judgment):

If vicarious liability of [APBS] is to be established, the act of deceit –
fraudulently representing the [APBS] [B]oard resolutions as genuine – must be
made in the course of Chia’s employment … The question of whether an employee
was acting in the course of his employment (and in the case of an agent, in
the course of his authority) is to be decided according to the same test as
[the test for determining] whether the matters complained of were within the
employee’s express, implied or ostensible authority. The House of Lords in
_Armagas_ … confirmed what had been stated in _Lloyd v Grace Smith_[,] [_viz_
,] that there is no difference between the question whether the employee was
acting in the course of his employment and the question whether he was acting
within the scope of his actual or ostensible authority … In short, on both
issues, the same test applies.

Applying the aforesaid principle, the Judge rejected the Appellants’ case on
vicarious liability because (see [198] of the HC Judgment):

… Chia did not have authority to enter into a binding agreement and was not
held out as having such authority; or as having apparent authority to
communicate approval of the transaction on the part of someone more senior
(_ie_ , the [APBS Board]) or to warrant the genuineness of the extracts of the
[APBS] [B]oard resolutions. Therefore, the act of deceit which was the false
representation was not practised in the course of Chia’s employment.
Accordingly, the case of the [Appellants] on vicarious liability fails for the
same reasons as [the reasons for which] I have rejected the agency claim based
on ostensible authority.

The Appellants’ arguments

64 Before this court, the Appellants’ case on vicarious liability is that the
Judge should not have relied on the principle laid down in _Lloyd v Grace
Smith_ (and reaffirmed in _Armagas_) as it has been superseded by what is
commonly termed “the ‘close connection’ test” (also known as “the _Lister_
test” because the test was first applied in England in the House of Lords case
of _Lister and others v Hesley Hall Ltd_ [2002] 1 AC 215 (“ _Lister_ ”)). The
“close connection” test is currently the accepted test in English law for
establishing vicarious liability. The Appellants argue that on the basis of
the “close connection” test, APBS is vicariously liable to them for Chia’s
fraudulent acts as there was a close connection between those acts and Chia’s
employment as APBS’s finance manager. APBS’s counter-argument is that the
“close connection” test should be confined to sexual abuse cases involving
young and vulnerable victims, and that, in any case, APBS would not be
vicariously liable for the fraudulent acts of Chia even if the “close
connection” test were applied. It should be noted that in the court below, the
Judge did not consider it necessary to rule on the applicability or otherwise
of the “close connection” test. (Her view was that the House of Lords in
_Lister_ adopted the “close connection” test, which was “a looser test of
connection between the [tortious] acts in question and the employment” (see
the HC Judgment at [199]), because that case involved the sexual abuse of
young and vulnerable victims in circumstances where victim compensation was a
legitimate policy consideration and where the ability of the employer to pay
compensation militated against shielding it from liability.)

The origin and development of the “close connection” test

65 It is not necessary for us to either examine or discuss in detail the
origin of the “close connection” test. There is a great deal of judicial
pronouncement and academic writing on it. It suffices to say that according to
the House of Lords in _Lister_ (at [36]–[37]  _per_ Lord Clyde and at
[69]–[70]  _per_ Lord Millett), the “close connection” test is merely a
reformulation of what we shall hereafter call “the Salmond test” (_ie_ , the
test first enunciated in John William Salmond, _The Law of Torts_ (Stevens &
Haynes, 1907)), which common law courts have applied for decades, and not a
radical departure from it. This test, as currently restated in R F V Heuston &
R A Buckley, _Salmond and Heuston on the Law of Torts_ (Sweet & Maxwell, 21st
Ed, 1996) (“ _Salmond and Heuston_ ”) at p 443, rests on the principle that:

A master is not responsible for a wrongful act done by his servant unless it
is done in the course of [the servant’s] employment. It is deemed to be so
done if it is either (1) a wrongful act authorised by the master, or (2) a
wrongful and unauthorised mode of doing some act authorised by the master.

66 The first limb of the Salmond test is uncontroversial. However, the second
limb has always posed difficulties in terms of application. In particular, it
is often difficult to determine whether the tortious act in question is an
unauthorised mode of doing an act authorised by the employer, or an act
outside the scope of the employee’s employment altogether. As P S Atiyah
commented in _Vicarious Liability in the Law of Torts_ (Butterworths, 1967),
the Salmond test is (at p 172):

… an apparently simple test whose simplicity is largely deceptive. Indeed, to
reconcile this test with the whole body of case law on this subject requires a
good deal of verbal sleight of hand.

67 While the Salmond test may produce just results in cases of negligence, it
has been recognised for a long time that it may not do so in cases of
intentional torts. This is because it is often difficult to regard a
deliberate attempt by an employee to commit a tort (and thereby contravene the
terms of his employment) as an “unauthorised mode of doing some act authorised
by the master” (see _Salmond and Heuston_ at p 443), even though justice
demands, under certain circumstances, that the employer should be made liable.
Indeed, the Salmond test has been criticised as being artificial and
inadequate in determining vicarious liability for intentional torts.

68 The difficulty with the Salmond test has been most strikingly brought home
in cases involving sexual abuse of young and vulnerable victims by employees
of social welfare homes. Such cases have recently increased in Canada and
England. Up to 1999, the English courts applied the Salmond test in its
traditional formulation (see, _eg_ , _Trotman v North Yorkshire County
Council_ [1999] LGR 584 (“ _Trotman_ ”), where the English CA, applying the
traditional formulation, held that a school was not liable for the indecent
assault committed by its deputy headmaster on a pupil who shared a room with
him while they were on a school-sanctioned trip as what the deputy headmaster
did was not an unauthorised mode of performing an authorised act, but an
independent act outside the scope of his employment).

69 The English CA’s approach in _Trotman_ was rejected by the Canadian Supreme
Court in _The Children’s Foundation, the Superintendent of Family and Child
Services in the Province of British Columbia and Her Majesty The Queen in
Right of the Province of British Columbia as represented by the Ministry of
Social Services and Housing v Patrick Allan Bazley_ [1999] 2 SCR 534 (referred
to hereafter as “ _Bazley v Curry_ ”, as this case is more commonly known),
where, on substantially similar facts, the court declined to follow _Trotman_
and held the employer liable. The court (_per_ McLachlin J) said (at [24]):

… [T]he opinion’s [_ie_ , _Trotman_ ’s] reasoning depends on the level of
generality with which the sexual act is described. Instead of describing the
act in terms of the employee’s duties of supervising and caring for vulnerable
students during a study trip abroad, the [English CA] cast it in terms
unrelated to those duties. Important legal decisions should not turn on such
semantics.

The court propounded a new test – _viz_ , the “close connection” test – as
follows (at [41]):

The fundamental question is _whether the wrongful act is_ __sufficiently
related__ _to conduct authorized by the employer to justify the imposition of
vicarious liability_. Vicarious liability is generally appropriate where there
is _a significant connection between the_ __creation or enhancement of a
risk__ _and the wrong that accrues therefrom_ , even if unrelated to the
employer’s desires. [underlining in original; emphasis added in italics]

Since then, the courts in Canada have applied the “close connection” test to
all cases involving religious bodies whose employees (_ie_ , priests, deacons,
_etc_) have sexually assaulted or abused young and vulnerable victims under
their charge.

70 In _Roman Catholic Episcopal Corporation of St George’s v John Doe (a
pseudonym) and John Doe (a pseudonym)_ [2004] 1 SCR 436 (referred to hereafter
by its more commonly used case name, “ _John Doe v Bennett_ ”), where an
Episcopal corporation was held liable for the sexual misconduct of a parish
priest _vis-à-vis_ young boys under his charge, the Supreme Court of Canada
(_per_ McLachlin CJ) restated the rationale of vicarious liability as follows
(at [20]):

Vicarious liability is based on the rationale that the person who puts a risky
enterprise into the community may fairly be held responsible when those risks
emerge and cause loss or injury to members of the public. Effective
compensation is a goal. Deterrence is also a consideration. The hope is that
holding the employer or principal liable will encourage such persons to take
steps to reduce the risk of harm in the future.

The court applied a two-stage test to determine whether and when an employer
would be held vicariously liable for the wrongdoing of an employee. This
involved examining, first, “whether there [were] precedents which
unambiguously determine[d] whether the case should attract vicarious
liability” (at [20]), and, second, if there were no such precedents, “whether
vicarious liability should be imposed in light of the broader policy
rationales behind strict liability” (at [20], citing, _inter alia_ , _Bazley v
Curry_ at [15]).

71 In _Lister_ , the House of Lords adopted the “close connection” test and
applied it to facts similar to those in _Bazley v Curry_. In _Lister_ , the
residents of a boarding house, who had been put there because of their
emotional and behavioural difficulties, were sexually abused by the warden of
the boarding house. The House of Lords held that the owner of the boarding
house was vicariously liable for the torts of the warden, and rejected the
reasoning in _Trotman_ that sexual abuse by an employee of young and
vulnerable persons under his care was not a mode, whether authorised or not,
of carrying out his duties.

72 Lord Steyn expressed the view (with which Lord Hutton agreed) that “[t]he
question [was] whether the [employee]’s torts were so closely connected with
his employment that it would be fair and just to hold the [employer]
vicariously liable” (at [28] of _Lister_). In a similar vein, Lord Clyde
stated (at [37]) that “[w]hat ha[d] essentially to be considered [was] the
connection, if any, between the act in question and the employment”; in this
regard, his Lordship cautioned that “the mere opportunity to commit the act”
(at [45]) was not sufficient. Lord Millett enunciated the relevant test in
terms of “[whether] the unauthorised acts of the employee [were] so connected
with acts which the employer ha[d] authorised that they [might] properly be
regarded as being within the scope of [the employee’s] employment” (at [69]),
and stressed that “[w]hat [was] critical [was] … the closeness of the
connection between the employee’s duties and his wrongdoing” (at [70]).
Focusing on the connection between the duties of the employee and his
wrongdoing, Lord Millett opined, would accord with the underlying rationale of
the doctrine of vicarious liability (which his Lordship accepted was “a loss-
distribution device” (at [65])).

73 Lord Hobhouse of Woodborough, on the other hand, appeared to take a
different approach from that of the other four law lords. His Lordship
described the sexual abuse cases (including _Trotman_ and _Bazley v Curry_) as
cases where “the employer ha[d] assumed a relationship to the plaintiff which
impose[d] specific duties in tort upon the employer and the role of the
employee (or servant) [was] that he [was] the person to whom the employer
ha[d] entrusted the performance of those duties” (see _Lister_ at [54]), and
expressed the view that “the correct approach … [was] to ask what was the duty
of the servant towards the plaintiff which was broken by the servant and what
was the contractual duty of the servant towards his employer” (at [60]).
However, it would seem that the approach taken by Lord Hobhouse was ultimately
still predicated on the “close connection” test as, immediately before setting
out the aforesaid “correct approach” at [60] of _Lister_ , his Lordship stated
(at [59]):

If … the servant’s employment merely gave the servant the opportunity to do
what he did without more, there will be no vicarious liability[;] hence the
use [in the] Salmond [test] and in the Scottish and some other authorities of
the word “ _connection_ ” to indicate something which is not a casual
coincidence but [which] has the requisite relationship to the employment of
the tortfeasor (servant) by his employer … [emphasis added]

74 Since _Lister_ , the “close connection” test has been applied in England
and other common law countries to a variety of situations. They include:

(a) _Dubai Aluminium Co Ltd v Salaam and others_ [2003] 2 AC 366, where a law
firm was held vicariously liable for the dishonest assistance of one of its
partners in an elaborate commercial fraud;

(b) _Mattis v Pollock (trading as Flamingos Nightclub)_ [2003] 1 WLR 2158,
where a nightclub owner was held vicariously liable for the injuries inflicted
on a customer by an unlicensed doorman whom he had employed, even though the
attack did not take place at the nightclub itself, but instead occurred about
100m away;

(c) _Clinton Bernard v The Attorney General of Jamaica_ [2004] UKPC 47, where
the Attorney-General of Jamaica was held vicariously liable for the
consequences of an unlawful shooting by a police constable;

(d) _Majrowski v Guy’s and St Thomas’s NHS Trust_ [2007] 1 AC 224, where the
House of Lords dismissed an appeal against the English CA’s decision to allow
a case involving an employee who was allegedly harassed by his employer’s
departmental manager to go to trial;

(e) _Kevin So v HSBC Bank plc and Lucy Yan Lu_ [2009] EWCA Civ 296, where the
English CA held a bank responsible for the negligent representations made by
one of its employees;

(f) _Maga v Archbishop of Birmingham and another_ [2010] 1 WLR 1441 (“ _Maga_
”), where vicarious liability was imposed on a Roman Catholic church for the
sexual abuse committed by one of its priests, even though the plaintiff was
not a Roman Catholic and had nothing to do with the church (except for a one-
off occasion when he had helped to do some cleaning there), and even though
the acts of abuse had not taken place within the church’s premises;

(g) _Ming An Insurance Co (HK) Ltd v Ritz-Carlton Ltd_ [2002] 3 HKLRD 844 (“
_Ming An_ ”), where the Court of Final Appeal of Hong Kong applied the “close
connection” test to impose vicarious liability on an employer for the
negligent driving of its employee;

(h) _State of New South Wales v Lepore and another_ (2003) 212 CLR 511 (“
_Lepore_ ”), where the High Court of Australia appeared to adopt the “close
connection” test in deciding three appeals involving sexual abuse of students
by teachers (it should, however, be noted that the general applicability of
this decision has since been questioned by the Supreme Court of New South
Wales in _Zorom Enterprises Pty Ltd v Zabow_ [2007] NSWCA 106); and

(i) _Ng Sing King and others v PSA International Pte Ltd and others_ [2005] 2
SLR(R) 56, where the Singapore High Court was of the view that there was no
sufficiently close connection between the actions of a nominee director and
his employment for vicarious liability to be imposed upon the party which had
appointed him as its nominee director.

Our views on the “close connection” test

75 In our view, the “close connection” test is, as Bokhary PJ commented in
_Ming An_ , “an intellectually satisfying and practical criterion” (at [19])
for determining whether vicarious liability should be imposed on an employer
for “all torts committed by an employee during an unauthorised course of
conduct, whether intentional wrongdoing or mere inadvertence is involved” (at
[25]). This is because the test “imposes vicarious liability when, but only
when, it would be fair and just to do so” (at [19]) and, moreover, “provides a
workable concept, namely[,] a sufficiently close connection, for determining
in each case whether [imposing vicarious liability] would be fair and just”
(at [19]). This test requires the court to “openly confront the question of
whether liability should lie against the employer, rather than obscuring the
decision beneath semantic discussions of ‘scope of employment’ and ‘mode of
conduct’” (_per_ McLachlin J in _Bazley v Curry_ at [41]). What the court has
to do in each case is to examine all the relevant circumstances – _including
policy considerations_ – and determine whether it would be fair and just to
impose vicarious liability on the employer. For instance, it is difficult to
argue, on policy grounds, that victim compensation should not prevail in cases
involving defenceless and vulnerable victims, such as young children who have
been sexually abused by employees of welfare homes, however innocent the
employer might be. But, the same policy consideration may not be valid in the
case of an international bank which is the victim of a commercial fraud.

76 In _John Doe v Bennett_ at [20] (reproduced at [70] above), McLachlin CJ
highlighted two policy considerations underlying the doctrine of vicarious
liability, namely: (a) effective compensation for the victim; and (b)
deterrence of future harm by encouraging the employer to take steps to reduce
the risk of similar harm in future.

77 _Vis-à-vis_ the first of the aforesaid policy considerations, we are of the
view that an innocent victim of an employee’s tort should, under ordinary
circumstances, be compensated. In this regard, the employer is usually the
person best placed and most able to provide effective compensation to the
victim. In our view, making the employer vicariously liable is not only a
practical solution, but also fair and just. After all, a person who employs
another to advance his own interests and thereby creates a risk of his
employee committing a tort should bear responsibility for any adverse
consequences resulting therefrom. This view is buttressed by the consideration
that the employer may redistribute the cost of providing compensation for his
employee’s torts through mechanisms such as insurance.

78 We should at the same time point out, however, that the objective of victim
compensation rests on the implicit premise that the victim of the tort is not
at fault for the tort, or at least bears less fault for the tort than the
party who is morally responsible for the tort (“the blameworthy party”). The
main touchstone of legal liability at common law is usually, and justifiably,
moral culpability. Where possible, the law endeavours to make the blameworthy
party bear, to a commensurate extent, the financial consequences of his
wrongdoing. Vicarious liability, in contrast, operates regardless of whether
there is any fault on the part of the person who is ultimately made to provide
compensation for the blameworthy party’s wrongdoing (“the ultimate
defendant”). More specifically, vicarious liability only comes into play when
the law is unable, for practical reasons, to make the blameworthy party bear
the financial costs of the tort. As a form of “strict” liability in the sense
of liability imposed without necessarily requiring any fault on the ultimate
defendant’s part, vicarious liability is an anomaly in the common law. For
this reason, vicarious liability can only be justified if the victim of the
tort is himself not at fault, or is less at fault than the blameworthy party
and/or the ultimate defendant. It is only in a situation where the primary
device for imposing liability – _ie_ , fault – is incapable of providing the
victim with effective compensation from the blameworthy party that resort to
other factors to assign liability (and, thus, provide effective victim
compensation) may be justified. In other words, a precondition for the
imposition of vicarious liability is that the victim seeking compensation
should either be without fault himself, or be less at fault than the
blameworthy party and/or the ultimate defendant; otherwise, the policy of
victim compensation as a justification for imposing vicarious liability loses
much of its moral force.

79 Turning now to the second policy consideration highlighted by McLachlin CJ
at [20] of _John Doe v Bennett_ , _viz_ , deterrence of future harm, this
rests on the premise that penalising an employer for his employees’ torts will
provide him with an incentive to take steps to reduce the incidence of
accidents and tortious behaviour by his employees. As McLachlin J astutely
noted in _Bazley v Curry_ (at [33]):

Beyond the narrow band of employer conduct that attracts direct liability in
negligence lies a vast area where imaginative and efficient administration and
supervision can reduce the risk that the employer has introduced into the
community. Holding the employer vicariously liable for the wrongs of its
employee may encourage the employer to take such steps, and hence, reduce the
risk of future harm.

80 In our view, the aforesaid policy consideration, which is aimed at
promoting efficiency in business enterprises through deterrence, is a
legitimate one. However, like victim compensation, it rests on the fundamental
premise that the employer is best placed, relative to everybody else, to
manage the risks of his business enterprise and prevent wrongdoing from
occurring. In many cases, this premise may hold true. Employers are often well
positioned to stem the occurrence of accidents as they have the ability to
control their employees (see Fleming James Jr, “Vicarious Liability”
(1953–1954) 28 Tul L Rev 161 at p 168). However, this is not always the case.
In some situations, the person best placed, or at least better placed, to
prevent the tort may well be the victim himself or a third party. This may
occur, for example, where an independent contractor or some other third party
independent of the employer supplies all the equipment required to perform a
job which is part and parcel of the employer’s business enterprise. In yet
other cases, the type of tort that occurs is, realistically speaking,
uncontrollable and, therefore, not amenable to deterrence. This is
particularly relevant to torts committed in the course of excessively risky
business enterprises, spur-of-the-moment torts and intentional torts. In such
situations, it may well be possible to find that the employer has done all
that is reasonable to deter the tort and yet has failed to prevent the
commission of the tort. In such situations, deterrence as a justification for
imposing vicarious liability loses much of its force.

81 In addition to the above points, it is also important to note that while
victim compensation and deterrence are relevant and desirable policy
considerations in deciding whether vicarious liability should be imposed, they
cannot in themselves be determinative of every case. The courts are, after
all, neither welfare agencies nor workplace safety regulators. The
applicability of victim compensation and deterrence as valid policy
considerations in a particular case does not inevitably lead to the conclusion
that the employer should be held vicariously liable; _vice versa_ , the
inapplicability of these considerations does not mean that the employer may
not be made vicariously liable. There may well be other potentially relevant
policy considerations which may act as a counterweight to victim compensation
and deterrence. As to what these other policy considerations are, it is
impossible for us to anticipate or list them exhaustively. Each case must be
decided on its facts. We can provide no guidance of greater specificity than
to reiterate the sentiment expressed by Bokhary PJ in _Ming An_ (at [19]) that
in the final analysis, the ultimate goals of fairness and justice must be
paramount:

By “close connection” is meant a connection between the employee’s
unauthorised tortious act and his employment which is so close as to make it
_fair and just_ to hold his employer vicariously liable. … [V]icarious
liability [is imposed] when, but only when, it would be _fair and just_ to do
so. [emphasis added]

82 We are aware that many people may be uncomfortable with the idea of judges
making decisions based on policy considerations of what is fair and just in
the circumstances. Lord Hobhouse, for one, was of the view that it was not
appropriate to follow the policy-based approach taken by the Canadian Supreme
Court in _Bazley v Curry_. His Lordship stated (at [60] of _Lister_):

… I do not believe that it is appropriate to follow the lead given by the
Supreme Court of Canada in _Bazley v Curry_ … The judgments [given by the
various members of the bench in _Bazley v Curry_] contain a useful and
impressive discussion of the social and economic reasons for having a
principle of vicarious liability as part of the law of tort which extends to
embrace acts of child abuse. But an exposition of the policy reasons for a
rule (or even a description) is not the same as defining the criteria for its
application. Legal rules have to have a greater degree of clarity and
definition than is provided by simply explaining the reasons for the existence
of the rule and the social need for it, instructive though that may be. In
English law that clarity is provided by the application of the criterion to
which I have referred derived from the English authorities [_ie_ , the
criterion of “comparison of the duties respectively owed by the servant to the
plaintiff and to [the] employer” (see, likewise, [60] of _Lister_)].

83 In our view, Lord Hobhouse’s concern is a valid one – but only up to a
point. There is, of course, a difference between the policy reasons for a
legal rule and the criteria for the application of that rule. The courts will
apply a legal rule without reference to the policy reasons underlying it where
the rule is clear and the facts fall within the rule. But, the problem here is
that the English courts have thus far not been able to forge a legal rule of
sufficient clarity for deciding, without having any regard to policy
considerations, all vicarious liability cases. In our view, since the “close
connection” test requires an employee’s tort to be sufficiently closely
connected with the employee’s employment before vicarious liability can be
imposed on the employer, policy considerations would and should have an
important role in determining whether, in any particular case, it would be
fair and just to hold the employer vicariously liable. In this connection, we
should point out that the criterion which Lord Hobhouse referred to at [60] of
_Lister_ (reproduced in the preceding paragraph), when applied in the specific
context of sexual abuse cases, would coincide with the policy consideration of
victim compensation.

84 We should also add that the “close connection” test, which emphasises the
degree of connection between risk and harm (see, _eg_ , _Bazley v Curry_ at
[41]), is – conceptually – closely related to the test laid down by this court
in _Spandeck Engineering (S) Pte Ltd v Defence Science & Technology Agency_
[2007] 4 SLR(R) 100 (“ _Spandeck_ ”) for determining whether a duty of care
exists under the law of negligence. That test (“the _Spandeck_ test”) is a
“two-stage test premised on proximity and policy considerations, … [and]
preceded by a preliminary requirement of factual foreseeability” [emphasis in
original omitted] (see _Spandeck_ at [73]). If a claim based on vicarious
liability fails the “close connection” test, it is _not likely_ that that
claim will pass the _Spandeck_ test _vis-à-vis_ a claim in negligence, and
_vice versa_ , as both tests take into account the criterion of foreseeability
of harm occurring to the victim. This, of course, does not entail that a
finding of liability in negligence can never be made where a claim in
vicarious liability fails, and _vice versa_. The two doctrines are, after all,
not exactly identical. Our point is simply that the doctrines of negligence
and vicarious liability are closely related, and the courts should be slow to
find liability under one doctrine when they are unable to find a corresponding
liability under the other.

85 Over and above the points discussed above, it is important to bear in mind,
when applying the “close connection” test, that this test is not a rigid
definition of the circumstances which give rise to vicarious liability, but a
guide to the principled application of the law to diverse factual situations.
In the words of Bokhary PJ in _Ming An_ at [25]:

This is not to say that this criterion [of a close connection between the tort
committed by the employee and his employment] is to be treated like a
statutory formula. Its application is always to be undertaken in context. I
dare say that the requisite connection will prove in practice to be more
readily found in certain types of case[s] than in others. But the basic
criterion having been applied, the disposal of each case will always turn
ultimately on its own facts and the particular considerations which they
raise. This is saying no more than what Lord Eldon LC famously intervened to
observe in the course of the argument in _Gee v Pritchard_ (1818) 2 Swans 402
at p.414; 36 ER 670 at p.674, namely[,] that doctrines ought to lay down
“fixed principles” while “taking care that they are to be applied according to
the circumstances of each case”.

Application of the “close connection” test in cases of fraud

86 The present case concerns the fraud of Chia, who was the finance manager of
APBS at the material time. In _Lister_ , their Lordships made no distinction
between intentional acts and inadvertent acts in applying the “close
connection” test as they did not consider it necessary to put any particular
type of case into a special category where a different rule of liability
should apply. We agree with this approach. Given the reality that any employee
may commit a tort intentionally in the course of his employment even where he
is prohibited from doing the act constituting the tort, we see no
justification for distinguishing cases of fraud from other intentional torts.
Fraud is just another kind of intentional tort. It is different from, for
instance, an intentional tort like assault only in so far as it usually gives
rise to economic loss rather than physical harm to the victim. The test for
whether vicarious liability should be imposed on the employer will still be
whether the fraud of the employee is so closely connected with his employment
that it is fair and just that the employer should be held vicariously liable
for the employee’s fraud.

Relevant factors in applying the “close connection” test

87 Under the “close connection” test, vicarious liability is imposed on an
employer where, in the words of McLachlin J at [41] of _Bazley v Curry_ ,
“there is a significant connection between the _creation or enhancement of a
risk_ and the wrong that accrues therefrom, even if unrelated to the
employer’s desires” [underlining in original]. Her Honour went on to outline
some of the factors relevant in determining whether the requisite degree of
connection exists in a particular case, as follows (see _Bazley v Curry_ at
[41]):

(a) the opportunity that the enterprise afforded the employee to abuse his or
her power;

(b) the extent to which the wrongful act may have furthered the employer’s
aims (and hence be more likely to have been committed by the employee);

(c) the extent to which the wrongful act was related to friction,
confrontation or intimacy inherent in the employer’s enterprise;

(d) the extent of power conferred on the employee in relation to the victim;

(e) the vulnerability of potential victims to wrongful exercise of the
employee’s power.

88 In all the cases involving sexual abuse of young and vulnerable victims,
such as _Bazley v Curry_ , _Lister_ , _John Doe v Bennett_ , _Maga_ and
_Lepore_ , most of the five criteria listed above were satisfied. Opportunity,
time and circumstance were all present. Even in _Ming An_ , which was not a
sexual abuse case (that case concerned, instead, negligent driving by an
employee), the court found the above criteria fulfilled. It may also be noted
that in all those cases, the employee’s tort was committed unilaterally on the
victim, in the sense that the victim played no part in the commission of the
tort. In contrast, the case of a commercial fraud perpetrated by an employee
of a trading company against international banks _which could have prevented
the fraud by taking basic precautions_ presents quite a different situation,
as we shall show below.

Our ruling on the Vicarious Liability Issue

89 Applying the “close connection” test to the facts of this case, and taking
into account the policy considerations relevant to its application, we are of
the view that APBS should _not_ be held vicariously liable to the Appellants
for the fraud committed by Chia. We have arrived at this conclusion for the
following reasons.

90 First, although it can be superficially argued that there was a functional
connection between Chia’s employment as APBS’s finance manager and Chia’s
fraudulent scheme, the connection was in fact illusory. This is because
although the position of Finance Manager gave Chia substantial operational
authority, it gave him very limited financial authority – in respect of the
latter, Chia’s authority was limited to placing APBS’s surplus funds in fixed
deposits, forwarding (with the approval of APBS’s general manager) requests
for credit facilities to F&N Group Treasury (via APBL Group Finance) for
review and ensuring compliance by APBS with covenants and obligations under
loans and other credit facilities taken out by APBS (see [10]–[11] above).
Chia himself had no power to source for credit facilities for ABPS, much less
to borrow money on its behalf. Chia’s fraudulent acts lay in falsely
representing to the Appellants that APBS had accepted the Credit Facilities
and that the forged ABPS Board resolutions which he gave them were genuine.
Those fraudulent acts were not connected with Chia’s employment at all.

91 Second, it would not be reasonable for this court to hold that it was
within APBS’s contemplation that there was a risk that Chia might defraud a
third party which he had no authority to deal with as Finance Manager. If Chia
had defrauded either OCBC (the main banker of the APBL group of companies) or
some other bank which APBS had existing dealings with, then the nexus between
his fraud and his employment would have been closer. The same may be said if
Chia had defrauded APBS itself. Indeed, as a cash-rich company, APBS should,
if anything, have been more concerned about Chia defrauding it (however, APBS
apparently believed (or at least acted in the belief), to its own cost, that
Chia was an honest employee). It is important to remember, in the present
case, that Chia had no authority to even source for credit facilities for
APBS, let alone borrow money on its behalf. Further, no credit facilities
could be accepted on APBS’s behalf without a valid APBS Board resolution. In
this regard, forging a board resolution to defraud is a serious offence. Given
these circumstances, it would not be reasonable to hold that APBS should have
expected that Chia would be so audacious as to commit, and commit
successfully, a fraud on banks with which it had no prior dealings. Chia’s
fraud was, in our view, entirely unforeseeable as far as APBS was concerned.

92 Third, the policy consideration of victim compensation is not relevant in
this case. The Appellants are banks with international branches and are
financially in a much stronger position than APBS to bear the losses caused by
Chia’s fraud. Further, the Appellants are not vulnerable victims: they have
all the means and resources, both administrative and legal, to protect
themselves from fraudulent acts such as those committed by Chia. Indeed, the
greater part of the fault for the successful commission of the fraud by Chia
lies with the Appellants as they failed to adopt and/or maintain adequate
fraud prevention measures. Vicarious liability is a convenient loss-
distribution device to compensate an innocent victim. However, in a case where
the tort committed by the blameworthy party has caused loss to both the victim
and the ultimate defendant (_ie_ , where the ultimate defendant is also a
victim of the same tort), the imposition of vicarious liability is not
justified if the victim bears more fault for the tort than the ultimate
defendant (see [78] above). In this connection, it bears reiteration that on
the facts of this case, there is little doubt that much of the blame for the
successful perpetration of Chia’s fraud on the Appellants lay with the
Appellants themselves rather than with APBS.

93 Fourth, _vis-à-vis_ the policy consideration of deterrence, it works both
ways in the present case. Whilst imposing vicarious liability on APBS may
induce employers to take more stringent measures when appointing officers to
senior positions and/or to be more vigilant in supervising their senior
officers’ activities, this consideration applies equally (if not with even
greater force) to the Appellants against the backdrop of banks lending money
to corporate borrowers without first carrying out proper checks and due
diligence procedures and/or without first obtaining all the required
documentation. Banks play a vital role in the economic life of a community as
deposit-taking institutions and suppliers of investment capital for the
economy. There is, therefore, a greater need for banks (as compared to trading
companies such as APBS) to act responsibly and not take undue risks with their
depositors’ funds so that the public will have confidence in the banking
system.

94 In the present case, Chia’s fraud could have been prevented by the
Appellants taking very elementary precautions, such as contacting any of
APBS’s directors before granting the Credit Facilities to verify that APBS had
indeed accepted those credit facilities. Although (as noted at [5] above) APBS
was careless in its lax supervision of Chia’s activities, the Appellants were,
in our view, certainly much more careless in readily lending money to
(ostensibly) APBS at Chia’s request without first complying with their own
internal controls and due diligence measures. The Appellants practically
allowed Chia to defraud them in their eagerness to do business with APBS.
Imposing vicarious liability on APBS for Chia’s fraud in the circumstances of
this case may create an unacceptable moral hazard, in that banks may, as a
result, be encouraged to take only minimal precautions against fraud when
dealing with employees holding grand-sounding positions (but with very limited
corporate powers), and to merely rely on such employees’ employers to have
adequate management structures in place for hiring honest and trustworthy
staff as well as on the courts to shield them from losses should they be
defrauded. Given the vital role of banks in our economy, there is every reason
for the law to hold them to a higher standard of financial prudence and
responsibility – especially in relation to fraud prevention – than the
standard applicable to trading companies such as APBS.

95 Finally, if we apply the five factors proposed by McLachlin J in _Bazley v
Curry_ at [41] (reproduced at [87] above) for determining whether the “close
connection” test is satisfied in any given case, it can be seen that except
for the first factor (which we have found to be at most only tenuously
present, if not entirely absent), none of the other four factors are present
_vis-à-vis_ Chia’s fraud against the Appellants. Chia’s fraud did not further
APBS’s aims, nor was it related to any friction, confrontation or intimacy
inherent in APBS’s enterprise. The extent of the power conferred on Chia was
limited to banks that APBS had always dealt with (and, being a cash-rich
company, APBS did not have to deal with many banks); Chia also had very
limited authority where his functions as APBS’s financial manager were
concerned (see, _inter alia_ , [10]–[11] above). Lastly, as we noted earlier
(see [92] above), the Appellants were not vulnerable victims, but were instead
in a position to dictate terms to prospective borrowers and thereby protect
themselves against fraud, which is what every prudent bank would or should do
when granting loans to new customers.

96 For all of the above reasons, we do not accept the Appellants’ argument
that it is fair and just to impose vicarious liability on APBS for Chia’s
fraud in the present case. Having regard to the circumstances in which the
fraud was perpetrated by Chia, we do not find it just and equitable to shift
the burden of the losses suffered by the Appellants to APBS.

The Negligence Issue

97 We turn now to the Negligence Issue as set out at sub-para (c) of [32]
above. As mentioned earlier, this issue is relevant only between HVB and APBS
because negligence was raised as a cause of action by HVB alone (SEB made no
claim under this head). HVB’s arguments before us are substantially a
reiteration of the arguments presented to but rejected by the Judge. The
thrust of HVB’s case is that APBS owes a common law duty of care to HVB
because:

(a) APBS selected Chia specifically to be its finance manager and was in a
better position than HVB to exercise control over his activities, but left him
unsupervised during the period when he was defrauding the Appellants (among
other banks).

(b) APBS had constructive knowledge, if not actual knowledge through
deliberate blindness, that Chia was committing unauthorised acts in the course
of his work.

(c) APBS assumed responsibility towards HVB as a result of its statutory duty
under s 199(2A) of the Companies Act (Cap 50, 2006 Rev Ed), and as a result of
its hiring and then failing to properly supervise Chia.

(d) HVB was not obliged, as a matter of banking practice, to take steps to
check whether the forged APBS Board resolution which it received from Chia in
connection with the HVB Facility was genuine. Its conduct in its dealings with
Chia was entirely consistent with reasonable banking practice.

(e) Public policy would not weigh against finding that a duty of care exists
in this case as APBS deals, not with an unlimited class of banks, but only
with licensed banks in Singapore.

(f) The importance of holding negligent senior management to account and
encouraging high standards of corporate governance weighs in favour of finding
that APBS owes HVB a duty of care. Since APBS was in a far better position to
exercise supervision over Chia and enforce its own internal controls, it would
be unjust for the entire risk of Chia’s fraud to fall upon an external party
such as HVB, especially considering that this would also have the broader
effect of undermining Singapore’s reputation for good corporate governance and
as a commercial and financial centre.

98 We do not propose to deal in detail with the above arguments as we agree
with the Judge’s reasons for rejecting them. We agree with the Judge, for the
reasons which she gave, that no common law duty arises under s 199(2A) of the
Companies Act. That provision was enacted to safeguard the assets of a company
and, hence, was enacted for the company’s benefit, and not for the benefit of
any third party who might deal with the company’s officers and employees.

99 In so far as a common law duty under the law of negligence is concerned, we
likewise agree with the Judge, for the reasons which she gave, that in the
circumstances of the present case, there was no relationship between APBS and
HVB sufficient to create the requisite degree of proximity, whether physical,
circumstantial or causal, needed to satisfy the _Spandeck_ test. APBS did not
assume any responsibility to HVB in relation to its (APBS’s) internal controls
and its supervision of Chia. Further, APBS could not have reasonably foreseen
that as a consequence of alleged failures in its internal pre-employment
procedures and internal controls, an unknown bank in the unknown future would
grant in its (APBS’s) name an unauthorised credit facility based on a forged
APBS Board resolution and false representations from a finance manager with
such limited financial authority as Chia. In this regard, we reiterate that
APBL, APBS’s parent company, had set up an elaborate internal procedure under
the GTP to control the obtaining of loans from banks by the APBL group of
companies. Chia, as the finance manager of APBS, had no authority to source
for funds, but only had authority “(with approval from the General Manager)
[to] forward request[s] for new or increase in credit facilities to [F&N]
Group Treasury (via [APBL] Group Finance) for review”[note: 10] (see cl 3.4.1
of the GTP (reproduced at [11] above)).

100 Indeed, the limitation on Chia’s authority to deal with banks on APBS’s
behalf was so severe that even in the absence of any supervisory lapses on
APBS’s part, Chia would not have had the opportunity to defraud a bank like
OCBC (with whom APBS had an existing relationship because of the OCBC
Account), much less the opportunity to defraud banks with whom APBS had no
prior relationship whatsoever. In our view, the imposition of a duty of care
on APBS _vis-à-vis_ HVB would mean that any company which employs an employee
whose functions include contacting banks might, in the event of the employee
defrauding any bank, potentially be liable for the employee’s criminal acts if
it has not exercised due care in employing the employee. We do not think there
are any policy considerations that warrant imposing, in favour of banks, such
a duty of care on companies which borrow money from them. By the nature of
their business, banks are regular targets of fraudsters. The law should be
slow to shield banks from the consequences of their own carelessness or
incompetence (see, in this regard, [94] above).

101 In this connection, we also agree with the Judge that HVB belonged to an
unlimited class of banks (see the decision of the Privy Council in _Robert
William John Davis and Another v Percy Radcliffe and Others_ [1990] 1 WLR 821
(“ _Robert Davis_ ”), which the Judge cited at [227] of the HC Judgment in
support of her finding on this point). HVB contends that this finding is not
factually correct, and that the relevant class of banks to which a duty of
care is owed would be limited to licensed banks in Singapore. In our view,
this contention is misconceived. The issue here is whether the class of
potential claimants is so unacceptably large as to militate against imposing a
duty of care on companies which need to borrow money from banks for their
businesses. In _Robert Davis_ , the appellants sued the government body in
charge of regulating banks in the Isle of Man when a bank with which they had
deposited money was wound up. It was argued by the appellants that the class
of companies which the government body allegedly owed a duty of care to was
limited to those doing business in the Isle of Man. The Privy Council
disagreed, holding that the alleged duty of care would be owed to an unlimited
class of companies, and struck out the appellants’ case. Similarly, we are of
the view that any duty of care that APBS may owe based on HVB’s arguments
would be owed to an unlimited class of banks. This would militate against
imposing the said duty of care.

102 Another relevant consideration which the Judge took into account is the
established law on the duty of care that bank customers owe to banks (see _The
Kepitigalla Rubber Estates, Limited v The National Bank of India, Limited_
[1909] 2 KB 1010, _Tai Hing Cotton Mill Ltd v Liu Chong Hing Bank Ltd and
Others_ [1986] AC 80 (“ _Tai Hing Cotton Mill_ ”) and _United Asian Bank Bhd v
Tai Soon Heng Construction Sdn Bhd_ [1993] 1 MLJ 182). In _Tai Hing Cotton
Mill_ , the accounts clerk of a bank’s corporate customer forged the
signatures of the customer’s authorised signatories on about 300 cheques and
presented those cheques for payment. The customer’s system of internal
controls was inadequate to detect the fraud, and the bank honoured the
cheques. Nevertheless, the Privy Council held that the customer did not owe a
duty to the bank to prevent forgery of its authorised signatories’ signatures.
As the Judge ruled, this must _a fortiori_ be the case _vis-à-vis_ the duty
(if any) owed by a non-customer (such as APBS) to a bank (see [234] of the HC
Judgment).

103 Furthermore, there is a crucial difference between cases like _Tai Hing
Cotton Mill_ and the present case. _Tai Hing Cotton Mill_ involved forged
signatures on cheques. It is very difficult for banks to detect such forgeries
by a visual examination of the signatures appearing on cheques that they are
asked to honour. Yet, the courts hold banks liable for any failure to spot
forgeries because, as Lord Scarman said in _Tai Hing Cotton Mill_ (at 106):

The business of banking is the business not of the customer but of the bank.
They offer a service, which is to honour their customer’s cheques when drawn
upon an account in credit or within an agreed overdraft limit. If they pay out
upon cheques which are not his, they are acting outside their mandate and
cannot plead his authority in justification of their debit to his account.
This is a risk of the service which it is their business to offer.

In comparison, in the present case, it was relatively easy for HVB to check
whether Chia was authorised to represent that APBS had accepted the HVB
Facility. All it had to do was to comply with its own due diligence procedures
for verifying the signatures of the directors on the forged APBS Board
resolution provided by Chia to show that APBS had (ostensibly) accepted the
HVB Facility (especially given that APBS was a customer with whom HVB did not
have a prior relationship). That HVB had the ability to prevent Chia’s fraud
by using reasonable means of verification provides even less reason for this
court to impose a duty of care on APBS.

104 Finally, we agree with the Judge that even if APBS did owe HVB a duty of
care and, further, breached this duty by its lax supervision of Chia, thereby
giving Chia the opportunity to cheat HVB, such breach did not cause HVB’s
loss. The proximate cause of the loss was HVB’s own negligence in believing
the representations made by Chia apropos the HVB Facility and in readily
accepting as genuine the forged APBS Board resolution which Chia provided in
connection with that facility without verifying the directors’ signatures on
that resolution.

105 We earlier stated (at [84] above) that, conceptually, the “close
connection” test under the law of vicarious liability is closely related to
the _Spandeck_ test under the law of negligence. In our view, given our ruling
that APBS is not vicariously liable to the Appellants for Chia’s fraud because
the fraud was not so closely connected with Chia’s employment as to make it
fair and just to impose vicarious liability on APBS, the court should exercise
caution in imposing liability on APBS under the law of negligence. This is
because the “close connection” test requires the court to consider, amongst
other factors, whether the tortious acts committed by the employee in the
course of his employment were foreseeable, and foreseeability is likewise a
key ingredient of liability in negligence (see [73] of _Spandeck_). We see no
compelling reason why the doctrines of vicarious liability and negligence
should arrive at different conclusions in the present case.

106 For the above reasons, we affirm the Judge’s decision to reject HVB’s
claim based on negligence.

The Restitution Issue and the Restitutionary Counterclaim Issue

Overview

107 We turn now to SEB’s restitutionary claim, which is being pursued as an
alternative to the claims based on agency and vicarious liability, and APBS’s
restitutionary counterclaim (_ie_ , the Restitution Issue and the
Restitutionary Counterclaim Issue outlined at, respectively, sub-paras (d) and
(e) of [32] above).

108 The factual context of SEB’s restitutionary claim is as follows. As
mentioned at [27] above, between December 2000 and October 2002, Chia withdrew
S$45m from the OCBC Account and paid it into the SEB S$ Account. During the
same period, he also withdrew S$45,347,671.23 from the SEB S$ Account and paid
it into the OCBC Account. (For convenience, we shall hereafter refer to the
S$45m transferred from the OCBC Account to the SEB S$ Account as “the APBS
S$45m”, and the S$45,347,671.23 transferred from the SEB S$ Account to the
OCBC Account as “the SEB S$45.3m”.) A portion of the APBS S$45m was used to
repay drawings under the MM Facility, which drawings formed part of the SEB
S$45.3m paid into the OCBC Account, leaving a balance of S$29,468.723.30 (“the
S$29.5m”) unpaid under that facility. SEB asserts that it paid the S$29.5m
(together with the rest of the SEB S$45.3m) into the OCBC Account under a
mistake of law induced by Chia’s fraud, and is seeking to recover the S$29.5m
from APBS as money had and received.

109 APBS denies liability, and has also brought a restitutionary counterclaim
against SEB for the whole of the APBS S$45m, which it asserts was unjustly
received by SEB at its expense. As counsel for APBS has made it clear that
this counterclaim will be pursued only if SEB succeeds in its restitutionary
claim for the S$29.5m, we shall first consider the latter claim.

The essential elements of a restitutionary claim

110 The essential elements of a claim in restitution are well settled. As
stated by the Judge at [260]–[261] of the HC Judgment, money paid under a
mistake, whether of fact or of law, is generally repayable as money had and
received (as just mentioned at [108] above, the present case concerns money
paid under a mistake of law induced by fraud). The defendant must account for
and repay the money if all of the following conditions are satisfied:

(a) the defendant has received a benefit (_ie_ , he has been enriched);

(b) the enrichment is at the plaintiff’s expense;

(c) it is unjust to allow the defendant to retain the enrichment; and

(d) there are no defences available to the defendant.

These four elements are well-recognised (see, _eg_ , the House of Lords case
of _Banque Financière de la Cité v Parc (Battersea) Ltd and Others_ [1999] 1
AC 221 at 227 and the Singapore High Court case of _Info-communications
Development Authority of Singapore v Singapore Telecommunications Ltd_ [2002]
2 SLR(R) 136 at [70]).

The arguments in the court below

111 In the court below, SEB contended that APBS had been enriched by the
S$29.5m as a result of the payment of the SEB S$45.3m (of which the S$29.5m
formed a part) into the OCBC Account as it had used the money received to pay
its debts and dividends. In support of this argument, SEB relied on the
“adoption of benefit” principle, _ie_ , the principle that (_per_ Lord
Selborne LC in _Blackburn Building Society v Cunliffe, Brooks, & Co_ (1882) 22
Ch D 61 at 71):

… [T]hose who pay legitimate demands which they are bound in some way or other
to meet, and have had the benefit of other people’s money advanced to them for
that purpose, shall not retain that benefit so as, in substance, to make those
other people pay their debts.

SEB also cited, _inter alia_ , _Bannatyne v D & C Maclver_ [1906] 1 KB 103 (“
_Bannatyne_ ”) and _Reid v Rigby & Co_ [1894] 2 QB 40 (“ _Reid v Rigby_ ”).
Both of those cases involved the factual scenario of an agent borrowing money,
ostensibly on behalf of his principal, despite having no authority to do so.
Part of the money borrowed was used by the agent to discharge his principal’s
liabilities, and the balance was used for the agent’s own purposes. In both
cases, it was held that the lender could recover from the principal the sum
advanced to the agent to the extent to which that sum had been used to
discharge the principal’s liabilities. The relevant legal principle was
articulated by Romer LJ in _Bannatyne_ (at 109) as follows:

Where money is borrowed on behalf of a principal by an agent, the lender
believing that the agent has authority though it turns out that his act has
not been authorized, or ratified, or adopted by the principal, then, although
the principal cannot be sued at law, yet in equity, to the extent to which the
money borrowed has in fact been applied in paying legal debts and obligations
of the principal, the lender is entitled to stand in the same position as if
the money had originally been borrowed by the principal.

112 APBS sought to rebut SEB’s submissions on the “adoption of benefit”
principle by pointing out that unlike the factual situation in _Bannatyne_ and
_Reid v Rigby_ , in the present case, Chia, who was the _de facto_ borrower
under the SEB Facilities (and also under the HVB Facility), did not use the
S$29.5m (or, for that matter, any part of the SEB S$45.3m) to discharge
_APBS’s_ liabilities; instead, his intention was to use the money to discharge
_his own_ liability to APBS in respect of the APBS S$45m which he had
misappropriated from the OCBC Account. It was submitted that since the payment
of the SEB S$45.3m (including the S$29.5m) into the OCBC Account (which was
made on Chia’s instructions) merely served to return to APBS money which it
had a legal right to recover from Chia, APBS could not be said to have been
unjustly enriched by that payment.

113 Additionally, APBS contended that it had not been enriched by the S$29.5m
as that sum came from two fresh drawings made on the MM Facility on,
respectively, 24 March 2003 for US$13m and 21 May 2003 for US$12m (“the
Disputed Drawings”). According to APBS, it did not receive the Disputed
Drawings as they were made after 24 October 2002, the last day on which money
was transferred from the SEB S$ Account to the OCBC Account (see the table at
[130] below). SEB’s rebuttal to this argument was that the Disputed Drawings
were not fresh drawings on the MM Facility, but “rollovers” of drawings made
on the MM Facility prior to 24 October 2002 which had been paid into the OCBC
Account as part of the SEB S$45.3m (“the Previous Drawings”); _ie_ , according
to SEB, the Disputed Drawings were, in essence, the Previous Drawings with
their original maturity dates extended. SEB contended that since APBS had
received the Previous Drawings and since those drawings had not been repaid,
APBS had been enriched by the S$29.5m at its expense.

The Judge’s decision and the issues arising therefrom

114 Although SEB’s restitutionary claim was for only the S$29.5m, the Judge
assessed the merits of the claim with reference to the SEB S$45.3m as a whole
since that sum included the S$29.5m. She accepted APBS’s argument that it
(APBS) had not been enriched by the SEB S$45.3m (except to the extent of
S$347,671.23). Accordingly, she dismissed SEB’s restitutionary claim for the
S$29.5m (save to the extent of S$347,671.23) as the S$29.5m was part of the
SEB S$45.3m. The Judge gave the following reasons for her decision (see also
[33] above):

(a) APBS could not be said to have been enriched at SEB’s expense (save to the
extent of S$347,671.23) because S$45m out of the SEB S$45.3m went towards
discharging _Chia’s_ liability to APBS, and not _APBS’s_ liabilities to other
parties (see [269], [275] and [282] of the HC Judgment). This distinguished
the present case from _Bannatyne_ and _Reid v Rigby_ , where the unauthorised
loan procured by the agent was used in part to discharge the principal’s
liabilities, with the result that the principal was held to have adopted the
benefit of a corresponding portion of the loan. (The Judge also pointed out
(at [269]–[270] of the HC Judgment) two other factual distinguishing features
in _Bannatyne_ and _Reid v Rigby_ , namely: (i) the agent in those two cases
was authorised to pay off the principal’s debts; and (ii) the unauthorised
loan was paid into a bank account that genuinely belonged to the principal, as
opposed to a bank account which, although nominally in the principal’s name,
was in reality the agent’s personal bank account (as was the position _vis-à-
vis_ the SEB Accounts).) In the circumstances, APBS could not be said to have
adopted the benefit of S$45m out of the SEB S$45.3m. This in turn meant that
APBS was enriched by only S$347,671.23 (see [283] of the HC Judgment).

(b) APBS’s enrichment of S$347,671.23 was unjust because APBS had not provided
any consideration for its receipt of that sum (see [291] of the HC Judgment).
Mistake, however, was not an applicable unjust factor because SEB had not been
labouring under any operative mistake when it paid the SEB S$45.3m (including
the S$29.5m) into the OCBC Account (see [287] of the HC Judgment).

(c) APBS could not rely on the defence of change of position to defeat SEB’s
restitutionary claim. There was no anticipatory change of position by APBS as
it did not pay the APBS S$45m to SEB (via the SEB S$ Account) in clear
expectation of an imminent payment in by SEB (see [322] of the HC Judgment).
The defence of extraordinary change of position was also not made out as APBS
had not proved the requisite “but for” causal link between its receipt of the
SEB S$45.3m and its alleged change of position (see [329] of the HC Judgment).
APBS thus had to make restitution of S$347,671.23 to SEB (see [330] of the HC
Judgment).

115 Two other aspects of the Judge’s decision should be noted. First, in
holding that the quantum of APBS’s enrichment was limited to S$347,671.23, the
Judge expressly stated that she was not applying the running account method of
quantifying enrichment (“the running account method”) as she considered that
it “[did] not sit well” (see [301] of the HC Judgment) with the facts of this
case. (The running account method would involve setting off the cross-payments
between the SEB S$ Account and the OCBC Account, with the excess identified as
the net extant enrichment in APBS’s hands.) Second, without expressly deciding
whether or not the S$29.5m came from the Disputed Drawings, the Judge held
that, in any case, the Disputed Drawings were fresh drawings on the MM
Facility which were never paid to APBS, and not “rollovers” of the Previous
Drawings (see [316]–[318] of the HC Judgment).

116 Arising from the Judge’s decision, the issues which SEB and APBS have
raised in relation to the Restitution Issue are as follows:

(a) whether the payment of the SEB S$45.3m into the OCBC Account discharged
Chia’s liability to APBS in respect of the APBS S$45m misappropriated from
that account (“the discharge of liability issue”);

(b) whether APBS was enriched by the S$29.5m claimed by SEB in terms of having
adopted the benefit of that sum (“the ‘adoption of benefit’ issue”);

(c) whether the Judge was correct in ruling that the running account method
was not the appropriate method for ascertaining the quantum of enrichment
received by APBS from SEB (“the quantification of enrichment issue”);

(d) whether the Disputed Drawings were fresh drawings made on the MM Facility
after 24 October 2002, such that they did not form part of the SEB S$45.3m
paid into the OCBC Account (“the Disputed Drawings issue”);

(e) whether there is any unjust factor to support SEB’s restitutionary claim
(“the unjust factor issue”); and

(f) whether the Judge was right to reject APBS’s defence of change of position
(“the change of position issue”).

We shall now address these issues in turn.

The discharge of liability issue

117 _Vis-à-vis_ the issue of whether the payment of the SEB S$45.3m into the
OCBC Account discharged Chia’s liability to repay APBS the APBS S$45m
misappropriated from that account, SEB’s submission is that the said payment
did not have that effect for the following reasons:

(a) There was no evidence that Chia instructed SEB to pay the SEB S$45.3m into
the OCBC Account in order to discharge his liability to APBS in respect of the
APBS S$45m. Instead, his only intention was to replenish the OCBC Account so
that he could continue “round-tripping” money between that account and the SEB
S$ Account.

(b) There was also no evidence that SEB agreed on behalf of Chia that the
payment of the SEB S$45.3m into the OCBC Account would be for the purpose of
discharging his liability to APBS.

(c) APBS itself never regarded the said payment as discharging Chia’s
liability to it, and therefore never accepted the SEB S$45.3m as repayment of
Chia’s debt.

(d) In any case, there was, in law, no liability owed by Chia to APBS to be
discharged in the first place because while Chia’s misappropriation of the
APBS S$45m gave rise to criminal and tortious wrongs, those wrongs were
entirely different from a recognised legal debt derived from a contractually-
binding obligation between the parties.

118 The Judge rejected all of SEB’s arguments and held that the payment of the
SEB S$45.3m into the OCBC Account did discharge Chia’s liability to APBS in
respect of the APBS S$45m misappropriated from that account. We agree with the
Judge’s conclusion on this issue. There is no doubt that Chia was liable to
repay APBS the APBS S$45m, irrespective of his criminal liability apropos his
misappropriation of that sum. There is also no doubt that, as SEB submitted,
Chia paid (or rather, procured SEB to pay) the SEB S$45.3m into the OCBC
Account in order to replenish that account so that he could continue to draw
on it for the purposes of his “round-tripping” scheme and thereby sustain his
fraudulent activities. But, the very act of replenishing the OCBC Account
meant that the existing shortfall therein, _ie_ , the corresponding amount
misappropriated by Chia, would have been repaid. Every payment into the OCBC
Account for the purpose of replenishing it therefore _did_ discharge Chia’s
liability to APBS in respect of the APBS S$45m by a corresponding amount.

119 With respect to SEB’s argument that APBS did not regard the payment of the
SEB S$45.3m as discharging Chia’s liability to it and therefore never accepted
the SEB S$45.3m as repayment of Chia’s debt, our view is that this argument is
based on a fiction. It is an entirely unrealistic argument as it bears no
relevance to the facts of this case. It is not disputed that neither SEB nor
APBS knew of Chia’s “round-tripping” of money between the OCBC Account and the
SEB S$ Account. Chia was able to do what he liked with these two accounts
because he was in full control of both accounts, and thus could – and did –
treat them as though they were his personal accounts. For this reason, in
analysing the discharge of liability issue, what is important is Chia’s
intention in “round-tripping” money between these two accounts (which was to
reduce the shortfall in the OCBC Account in order to draw on it again), and
not SEB’s intention in paying the SEB S$45.3m into the OCBC Account as SEB was
merely carrying out Chia’s instructions. Similarly, given that both SEB and
APBS were unaware at all material times of Chia’s “round-tripping” scheme,
APBS’s argument based on Hobhouse J’s “tender and acceptance” analysis in _TSB
Bank of Scotland Plc v Welwyn Hatfield District Council_ [1993] 2 Bank LR 267
at 271–273 (_viz_ , that APBS had “accepted” Chia’s “tender” of repayment of
the APBS S$45m by retaining the SEB S$45.3m in the OCBC Account and dealing
with it) is entirely unrealistic and irrelevant.

The “adoption of benefit” issue

120 We move on now to the “adoption of benefit” issue, in respect of which the
question to be decided is whether APBS was enriched by the S$29.5m claimed by
SEB in terms of having adopted the benefit of that sum. In this regard, SEB
has reiterated before us its contention in the court below, namely, that APBS
adopted the benefit of (and was thus enriched by) the payment of the SEB
S$45.3m (including the S$29.5m) into the OCBC Account as it used the money to
pay its debts and dividends (see [111] above). SEB submits that the “adoption
of benefit” principle would still apply even if this court were to hold
(contrary to SEB’s argument) that the payment of the SEB S$45.3m into the OCBC
Account discharged Chia’s liability to APBS in respect of the APBS S$45m
misappropriated from that account. In support of its argument, SEB, apart from
citing the cases which it relied on in the court below, has also referred to
(_inter alia_) _Re The Japanese Curtains and Patent Fabric Company (Limited),
Ex parte Shoolbred_ (1880) 28 WR 339 (“ _Re Japanese Curtains_ ”), _Barrow v
Bank of New South Wales_ [1931] VLR 323 (“ _Barrow_ ”) and _Hazlewood et al v
West Coast Securities Ltd_ (1974) 49 DLR (3d) 46 (“ _Hazlewood_ ”). The
factual scenario in these three cases (in simplified form) was that an agent
obtained money by fraudulent means and used part of the money for his
principal’s purposes. It was held in all three cases that the principal had to
make restitution of that part of the fraudulently obtained money which it had
either directly or indirectly benefited from.

121 In rebuttal to SEB’s submissions, APBS has made three arguments, as
follows:

(a) The “adoption of benefit” cases cited by SEB are all distinguishable from
the instant case. In particular, all those cases involved money flowing in one
direction only (_viz_ , from the defrauded plaintiff to the defendant),
whereas in the present case, there have been cross-payments between APBS and
SEB, which are both victims of Chia’s fraud. APBS and SEB are simultaneously
defrauded parties as well as recipients of fraudulently obtained money.

(b) The true test applied by the courts in the “adoption of benefit” cases
relied on by SEB is whether the defendant would be left worse off if it were
ordered to make restitution of the alleged benefit received. Applying this
test, it is clear that to order APBS to make restitution of the S$29.5m
claimed by SEB would be to increase APBS’s liabilities _vis-à-vis_ SEB.

(c) As a matter of common sense, APBS cannot be said to have adopted the
benefit of S$45m out of the SEB S$45.3m paid into the OCBC Account. The
factual scenario in this case (as far as S$45m out of the SEB S$45.3m is
concerned) is akin to that of a thief stealing S$100 from X, handing the S$100
to Y and then stealing S$100 from Y for the purpose of returning S$100 to X in
order to cover his tracks: in such a situation, it cannot be said that X has
been enriched by the S$100 stolen from Y and must make restitution of that sum
to the latter.

122 We agree with APBS’s argument at sub-para (c) of [121] above. As a matter
of common sense, it is difficult to see how APBS can be said to have obtained
any benefit from S$45m out of the SEB S$45.3m paid into the OCBC Account as
the only effect of APBS’s receipt of the sum of S$45m was to restore APBS to
essentially the same position that it was in before Chia misappropriated the
APBS S$45m. The end result of Chia’s “round-tripping” of money between the
OCBC Account and the SEB S$ Account was that, leaving aside the sum of
S$347,671.23, APBS was left neither better off nor worse off, whereas if APBS
is now ordered to pay SEB the S$29.5m, APBS will end up worse off.

123 In our view, although _Bannatyne_ , _Reid v Rigby_ , _Re Japanese
Curtains_ , _Barrow_ and _Hazlewood_ appear to establish a plaintiff’s right
of recovery against a defendant who benefits (whether directly or indirectly)
from money fraudulently obtained from the plaintiff by a fraudster, those
decisions were, as counsel for APBS pointed out, all arrived at in a factual
context wholly different from that before this court. In all those cases, the
plaintiff, who had been defrauded into making payment by the fraudster, had
not at any point itself been in receipt of money misappropriated from the
defendant by the same fraudster. In our view, this critical feature
distinguishes the present case from the aforesaid authorities.

124 Furthermore, where _Bannatyne_ and _Reid v Rigby_ are concerned, they are
(as the Judge noted) distinguishable on the ground that the unauthorised loan
obtained by the agent in those two cases was used to pay off the principal’s
debts, whereas in the present case, Chia used the SEB S$45.3m not to pay off
APBS’s debts, but to discharge his own liability to APBS. In any event, even
if the SEB S$45.3m had been used to pay off APBS’s debts, given that APBS
never requested for the SEB S$45.3m to be paid into the OCBC Account, never
authorised Chia to request for or procure such payment and was unaware at all
material times of the said payment, the mere fact that APBS obtained a benefit
from the payment (assuming the SEB S$45.3m was indeed used to pay off APBS’s
debts) is not in itself sufficient to give rise to an equity against APBS
(see, in this regard, the majority decision in _In re Cleadon Trust, Limited_
[1939] Ch 286 (especially at 322–326), which distinguished _Bannatyne_ and
_Reid v Rigby_ on this ground; see also _English Private Law_ (Andrew Burrows
ed) (Oxford University Press, 2nd Ed, 2007) at paras 14.33 and 18.38).

125 Given our ruling that APBS cannot be said to have _adopted the benefit_ of
S$45m out of the SEB S$45.3m, it follows that APBS also cannot be said to have
adopted the benefit of the S$29.5m claimed by SEB. This does not, however,
mean that APBS has therefore not been _enriched_ by the S$29.5m. The
quantification of enrichment issue is relevant in this regard, and we now turn
our attention to it.

The quantification of enrichment issue

126 In the court below, the Judge ruled that the running account method was
inappropriate for determining the quantum of enrichment received by APBS from
SEB as this was a case where “the victims of [a] fraud [were] suing each other
in a personal claim for money had and received, and the restitutionary claim
[was] subject to the change of position defence” (see [301] of the HC
Judgment). In support of her view, the Judge cited the following passage from
Peter Birks, _Unjust Enrichment_ (Oxford University Press, 2nd Ed, 2005) at p
226:

One claimant may fortuitously encounter an obstacle or bar which the other
escapes, with the consequence that for very slight reasons[,] the parties to
the one exchange may end up in very different situations.

127 Before us, APBS has contended that the Judge wrongly rejected the running
account method on the facts of this case. It points out that the Judge quoted
only a portion of Prof Birks’ discussion of the defence of change of position,
and submits that the full passage at pp 225–226 of _Unjust Enrichment_ in fact
advocates the converse position. Specifically, APBS argues that it is Prof
Birks’ view that it is precisely in cases where the plaintiff and the
defendant have potential restitutionary claims against each another for cross-
payments made that the running account method should be adopted to ascertain
the net quantum of enrichment received by the defendant. In this regard, APBS
submits that no distinction should be drawn between cases of void contracts
due to ineffective transactions (such as the interest rate swap cases in
England, where several local authorities made payments to banks pursuant to
interest rate swap agreements which were subsequently held by the English
courts to be outside the scope of the local authorities’ powers and, thus,
void _ab initio_ (see, _eg_ , _Westdeutsche Landesbank Girozentrale v
Islington London Borough Council_ [1994] 4 All ER 890 (“ _Westdeutsche
Landesbank v Islington LBC_ ”)) and cases involving fraud.

128 In support of the aforesaid arguments, APBS has cited the following
passage from pp 225–226 of Prof Birks’ _Unjust Enrichment_ :

Where a benefit has been received by the claimant from the defendant in
exchange for the enrichment which he is seeking to recover from the defendant,
that exchange-benefit can be seen as a disenrichment of the defendant …

…

… [W]here there has been an exchange[,] it must be true that, if one side
recovers the value which he has transferred, the basis of his own receipt of
the exchange-benefit must also have failed. In short, if the defendant is
unjustly enriched at [the claimant’s] expense, so also is the claimant
enriched at the defendant’s expense. I give you gold in exchange for money.
The contract is invalid. The basis of my receipt of the money fails. You can
claim restitution. But, necessarily, the basis of your receipt of the gold
also fails.

That bilateral unjust enrichment shows that both sides have claims … _Each
party could be left to its own claim. But nowadays, as is illustrated in all
the swaps cases_ [_ie_ , the interest rate swap cases]_, that is not allowed,
and the effect is to reduce them_ [_ie_ , the two sides’ claims] _to a single
claim for the difference in value between the two performances. The
defendant’s enrichment in the swaps cases was the rolling balance between the
payments on both sides_.

The reason for tying the two claims together is explained by German jurists.
They have shown that the two-claim approach can produce bizarre results. One
claimant may fortuitously encounter an obstacle or bar which the other
escapes, with the consequence that for very slight reasons[,] the parties to
the one exchange may end up in very different situations. For example, if the
law does not focus on the one enrichment which consists in [_sic_] the
difference between the two performances, one party may be able to use the
disenrichment defence and the other [may] not. In the common law[,] the old
way of escaping from these problems was the very fierce rule that denied
restitution altogether unless the parties could be put back into exactly their
original position. Under that regime[,] ‘counter-restitution impossible’ was a
peremptory and absolute defence. That blunt instrument has been given up. The
same problems are now evaded by applying, in money, what German law calls the
‘ _Saldo_ ’ theory (_Saldo_ being an old Italian banking word for a balance or
difference, here borrowed to denote the balance or difference between the
exchanged performances). In short[,] restitution is allowed subject to
pecuniary counter-restitution, thus achieving _restitution of the difference_.

[emphasis added]

129 We agree with APBS’s submission that the Judge erred in rejecting the
running account method for the reasons given by her. The Judge’s concern was
that where the victims of the same fraudster brought restitutionary cross-
claims against each other, the outcome of each victim’s claim might be
different because one victim might be able to rely on the defence of change of
position whereas the other might not. This factor, the Judge considered,
rendered the running account method inappropriate in the aforesaid scenario.
With respect, we differ from the Judge on this point. In our view, for the
reasons stated by Prof Birks at pp 225–226 of _Unjust Enrichment_ (reproduced
at [128] above), it is precisely where the victims of the same fraudster are
suing each other in restitution (as in the present case) that the victims’
claims should be tied together, which is the effect that applying the running
account method would have. We also agree with APBS that the present case,
although involving cross-payments between victims of the same fraudster, is no
different from a case involving cross-payments under a contract which is
subsequently found to be void _ab initio_ (such as the interest rate swap case
of _Westdeutsche Landesbank v Islington LBC_). As all the transactions
effected by Chia _vis-à-vis_ the SEB S$ Account and the OCBC Account were
fraudulent, the cross-payments between SEB and APBS pursuant to those
transactions were analogous to payments made under void contracts.

130 Applying the running account method, APBS was enriched by S$347,671.23,
that being the net amount which APBS retained after all the cross-payments
between the OCBC Account and the SEB S$ Account were set off against one
another. This result can be immediately seen from the undisputed “Table of
Fund Transfers” set out at [252] of the HC Judgment, which is reproduced in
full below:

**_Table of Fund Transfers_**

Date |  OCBC [Account] bank statement reference |  SEB S$ [Account] bank statement reference |  OCBC [Account] to SEB S$ [Account] |  SEB S$ [Account] to OCBC [Account] |  Running balance  
---|---|---|---|---|---  
|  |  |  S$ |  S$ |  S$  
13 Dec 00 |  CHQ 098620 |  08TC1312/7 |  3,000,000.00 |  – |  3,000,000.00  
13 Dec 00 |  CHQ 098621 |  08TC1312/7 |  2,000,000.00 |  – |  5,000,000.00  
23 Feb 01 |  CHQ 100461 |  08TC2302/1 |  3,000,000.00 |  – |  8,000,000.00  
23 Feb 01 |  CHQ 100460 |  08TC2302/1 |  2,000,000.00 |  – |  10,000,000.00  
16 Jul 01 |  Receipts-MAS |  08TC1207/41 |  – |  5,070,835.61 |  4,929,164.39  
23 Jul 01 |  Receipts-MAS |  08TC1907/10 |  – |  5,046,356.16 |  (117,191.77)  
13 Nov 01 |  CHQ 109098 |  08TC1211/62 |  3,000,000.00 |  – |  2,882,808.23  
13 Nov 01 |  CHQ 109097 |  08TC1211/62 |  2,000,000.00 |  – |  4,882,808.23  
20 Nov 01 |  CHQ 109489 |  08TC1911/35 |  3,000,000.00 |  – |  7,882,808.23  
20 Nov 01 |  CHQ 109490 |  08TC1911/35 |  2,000,000.00 |  – |  9,882,808.23  
28 Nov 01 |  CHQ 109640 |  08TC2711/59 |  3,000,000.00 |  – |  12,882,808.23  
28 Nov 01 |  CHQ 109642 |  08TC2711/59 |  2,000,000.00 |  – |  14,882,808.23  
22 Jan 02 |  CHQ 111210 |  02TC/722 |  3,000,000.00 |  – |  17,882,808.23  
22 Jan 02 |  CHQ 111268 |  02TC/722 |  2,000,000.00 |  – |  19,882,808.23  
20 Feb 02 |  CHQ 112358 |  02TC/1639 |  3,000,000.00 |  – |  22,882,808.23  
20 Feb 02 |  CHQ 112359 |  02TC/1639 |  2,000,000.00 |  – |  24,882,808.23  
21 Feb 02 |  CHQ 112360 |  02TC/1692 |  3,000,000.00 |  – |  27,882,808.23  
21 Feb 02 |  CHQ 112361 |  02TC/1692 |  2,000,000.00 |  – |  29,882,808.23  
5 Jul 02 |  Receipts-MAS |  02TC/6088 |  – |  5,038,869.87 |  24,843,938.36  
29 Jul 02 |  Receipts-MAS |  02TC/6564 |  – |  5,041,609.59 |  19,802,328.77  
13 Aug 02 |  Receipts-MAS |  02TC/6908 |  – |  5,046,746.58 |  14,755,582.19  
21 Aug 02 |  Receipts-MAS |  02TC/7073 |  – |  5,030,993.15 |  9,724,589.04  
29 Aug 02 |  Receipts-MAS |  02TC/7257 |  – |  5,037,500.00 |  4,687,089.04  
03 Sep 02 |  Receipts-MAS |  02TC/7347 |  – |  5,033,390.41 |  (346,301.37)  
16 Oct 02 |  CHQ 119631 |  02TC/8252 |  2,000,000.00 |  – |  1,653,698.63  
16 Oct 02 |  CHQ 119630 |  02TC/8253 |  3,000,000.00 |  – |  4,653,698.63  
24 Oct 02 |  Receipts-MAS |  02TC/8253 |  – |  5,001,369.86 |  (347,671.23)  
|  |  |  45,000,000.00 |  45,347,671.23 |   
  
  

The Disputed Drawings issue

131 Turning now to the Disputed Drawings issue, as mentioned earlier (at [113]
above), one of the arguments raised by APBS in contending that it was not
enriched by the S$29.5m claimed by SEB was that that sum came from the
Disputed Drawings, which, being fresh drawings made on the MM Facility after
24 October 2002 (the last day on which money was transferred from the SEB S$
Account to the OCBC Account), were not paid into the OCBC Account. On this
point, the Judge held that the Disputed Drawings were “new drawings … [that]
were not paid to or received by APBS[;] … [t]he restitutionary claim [was]
therefore against Chia and not APBS” (see [318] of the HC Judgment).

132 We agree with the Judge, for the reasons which she gave, that the Disputed
Drawings were fresh drawings on the MM Facility. The arrangement between SEB
and Chia was that the Previous Drawings should be treated as having been
repaid (as opposed to “rolled over”) so that Chia could draw on the MM
Facility again for whatever purposes he had in mind.

133 The above conclusion suffices to dispose of the Disputed Drawings issue.
We do not think it is necessary for us to go on to determine whether the fact
that the Previous Drawings were treated as having been repaid and that the
Disputed Drawings were fresh drawings which were not paid into the OCBC
Account would have constituted a sufficient defence to SEB’s restitutionary
claim for the S$29.5m. It is only necessary to say that since APBS did
actually receive the S$29.5m as part of the SEB S$45.3m, this fact cannot be
changed by the arrangement between SEB and Chia to treat the Previous Drawings
as having been repaid. In other words, it is arguable that the S$29.5m would
have been an extant enrichment in APBS’s hands but for the fact that S$45m out
of the SEB S$45.3m went towards discharging Chia’s liability to APBS in
respect of the APBS S$45m.

The unjust factor issue

134 We turn next to the unjust factor issue. Given our ruling that APBS has
been enriched at SEB’s expense by only S$347,671.23 (and not by the S$29.5m
claimed), we need only consider whether there is any unjust factor to support
SEB’s restitutionary claim to the extent of S$347,671.23. In this regard, it
is common ground that SEB bears the burden of proving that the circumstances
surrounding APBS’s enrichment render it unjust for APBS to retain the said
sum.

135 In the court below, the Judge held that SEB could rely on the unjust
factor of _total failure of consideration_ as APBS had not provided any
consideration for its receipt of S$347,671.23 out of the SEB S$45.3m paid into
the OCBC Account, _but_ SEB could not rely on the unjust factor of _mistake_
because there was no operative mistake on its part when it made the said
payment of the SEB S$45.3m. Our earlier ruling (at [118] above) that the
payment of the SEB S$45.3m into the OCBC Account did discharge Chia’s
liability to APBS in respect of the APBS S$45m affirms the Judge’s decision
that APBS provided consideration for only S$45m out of the SEB S$45.3m; _ie_ ,
the Judge was correct to hold that the unjust factor of total failure of
consideration operated in respect of the remaining sum of S$347,671.23. We
shall thus discuss only the Judge’s rejection of mistake as an unjust factor.

136 In this connection, the Judge said (at [287] of the HC Judgment):

In my judgment, there is _no_ operative mistake as SEB accepted the certified
extracts of the [APBS] [B]oard resolutions without verification of the
documents as to [the] identity and [the] signature of the persons signing … In
other words, [SEB] accepted the certified extracts of the [APBS] [B]oard
resolutions without verification of the authority of Chia. I concluded on the
evidence that [SEB] willingly took the risk of Chia acting fraudulently, and
in doing so, and with the risk materialising, [SEB] must bear the consequences
of Chia’s deceit practised on SEB. In the words of Lord Hoffmann in _Deutsche
Morgan Grenfell Group plc v Inland Revenue Commissioners_ [2007] 1 AC 558[,]
“the real point is whether the person who made the payment took the risk that
he might be wrong” (at [26]). _Goff & Jones_ [_viz_ , Lord Goff of Chieveley &
Gareth Jones, _The Law of Restitution_ (Sweet & Maxwell, 7th Ed, 2007)] (… at
para 4-031) suggests that one is reckless if one failed to make a full inquiry
to allay his or her suspicions, or where there were no clear conclusions; but
yet, nevertheless, transferred the benefit. On either test, for the reasons
given, SEB took the risk of Chia’s acting fraudulently as regards his
authority and accordingly there is _no_ operative mistake, and I so find.
[emphasis in original]

137 SEB submits that the Judge erred in reaching the above conclusion because,
in the context of payments made under a mistake of fact or a mistake of law,
leaving aside those extreme circumstances where the carelessness of the
plaintiff is so gross that he must be considered to have assumed
responsibility for his own mistake in making payment (see _Saunders & Co (a
firm) v Hague_ [2004] 2 NZLR 475 at [121] and Andrew Burrows, _The Law of
Restitution_ (Oxford University Press, 3rd Ed, 2011) at p 212), the plaintiff
may be said to have voluntarily assumed the risk of making a mistaken payment
only if either, as stated in _Kelly v Solari_ (1841) 9 M & W 54; 152 ER 24:

(a) the plaintiff, “although he might by investigation learn [of] the state of
facts [or law] more accurately, … declines to do so, and chooses to pay the
money notwithstanding” (at 58; 26); or

(b) the payment is made “intentionally … without reference to the truth or
falsehood of the fact [or legal premise upon which the payment is based], the
plaintiff meaning to waive all inquiry into it” (at 59; 26).

138 We agree with SEB’s submissions on this point. In our view, the evidence
does not justify a finding that SEB’s officers, in accepting as genuine the
forged APBS Board resolutions provided by Chia without first verifying his
authority to submit documents on APBS’s behalf, voluntarily assumed the risk
that Chia might have forged those resolutions. SEB’s officers were undoubtedly
careless or imprudent in not going further to check whether Chia in fact had
authority to submit documents on APBS’s behalf, but they were lulled into a
false sense of security by the position that Chia was holding (_viz_ , that of
Finance Manager), and proceeded on the basis that a finance manager must or
should have the authority to do what Chia did. The false sense of security on
the part of SEB’s officers arose in the context of a bank granting credit
facilities to a new customer which it considered to be reputable and
creditworthy. The very laxity shown by SEB’s officers in verifying the
authenticity of the documents provided by Chia amply shows that far from
contemplating or perceiving the danger of being defrauded by Chia (and, in
turn, the risk of making mistaken payments on Chia’s instructions), SEB’s
officers assumed that since Chia was APBS’s finance manager, they were dealing
with an authorised and trustworthy agent of APBS.

The change of position issue

139 Moving on now to the change of position issue, the question to be
addressed is whether the Judge was right to reject APBS’s defence of change of
position.

140 In the court below, APBS pleaded, by way of defence to SEB’s
restitutionary claim, both _anticipatory_ change of position and
_extraordinary_ change of position. Both defences were rejected by the Judge
(see sub-para (c) of [114] above). With respect to the defence of
_extraordinary_ change of position, the Judge rejected it on the ground that
APBS had failed to demonstrate that “but for” its receipt of the SEB S$45.3m,
it would not have paid the dividends, excise duties, rebates and debts which
it paid (APBS’s case was that the whole of the SEB S$45.3m was spent on such
payments). Although APBS has not tried to revive this defence before us, we
should state, for completeness, that we agree with the Judge’s rejection of
it. This is because, as mentioned at [119] above, both APBS and SEB were
unaware at all material times of Chia’s “round-tripping” of money between the
SEB S$ Account and the OCBC Account. It follows that APBS would not have known
of the payment of the SEB S$45.3m into the OCBC Account, and therefore could
not have consciously or deliberately changed its position following its
receipt of that sum.

141 With regard to the defence of _anticipatory_ change of position, the Judge
rejected it on the ground that there was insufficient evidence to demonstrate
that APBS had paid the APBS S$45m to SEB “in ‘clear expectation of an
_imminent_ payment in’ by SEB” [emphasis added] (see [322] of the HC Judgment,
where reference was made to _Parkway Properties Pte Ltd and another v United
Artists Singapore Theatres Pte Ltd and another_ [2003] 2 SLR(R) 103 (“
_Parkway Properties_ ”) at [46]). The material part of [322] of the HC
Judgment reads as follows:

Anticipatory change of position is recognised in both Singapore and England
(see _Jones v Commerzbank AG_ (2003) EWCA Civ 1663 … and _Parkway Properties
Pte Ltd v United Artists Singapore Theatres Pte Ltd_ [2003] 2 SLR(R) 103 (“
_Parkway Properties_ ”). In order for the anticipatory change of position
defence to apply, _Parkway Properties_ requires that the payment out by the
defendant be made in clear expectation of an _imminent_ payment in by the
plaintiff. In this present case, there is insufficient evidence before the
court to demonstrate that APBS paid money to SEB in “clear expectation of an
_imminent_ payment in” by SEB. [emphasis added]

142 Before us, APBS has argued that the Judge’s finding on the defence of
anticipatory change of position is wrong as there is evidence that “but for”
the expectation that the APBS S$45m would be returned with interest, its
officers would not have co-signed the OCBC Cheques by which Chia fraudulently
withdrew the APBS S$45m from the OCBC Account, ostensibly for deposit with
Citibank (see [26]–[27] above). In support of this argument, APBS has referred
to the following passage at [289] of the HC Judgment:

… [SEB] accepts that Chia misappropriated moneys from APBS, and he deposited
the OCBC [C]heques into the SEB S$ Account. It is not disputed, and it is
SEB’s evidence that the telegraphic transfers from the SEB S$ Account to the
OCBC Account were on Chia’s instructions, and the SEB S$ Account was debited
accordingly. Jimmy Tan [a senior financial analyst in APBL Group Finance] and
Teo Hun Teck [Chia’s subordinate in APBS Finance (see [26] above)] testified
that _they had co-signed the OCBC [C]heques on Chia’s representation that he
was placing the moneys drawn on the OCBC Account on fixed deposits with
Citibank_. Teo Hun Teck’s evidence is that _moneys that Chia ostensibly placed
on fixed deposits with Citibank were returned to the OCBC Account with
interest_. [emphasis added]

143 In our view, APBS’s argument has no merit for two reasons. The first is
that the above passage merely describes how Chia persuaded his co-signatories
(“the Co-Signatories”) to sign the OCBC Cheques; it says nothing about whether
the Co-Signatories anticipated anything and, if so, what they anticipated when
they signed those cheques. It appears from the evidence that the Co-
Signatories signed the OCBC Cheques because they believed Chia’s
representation that the money withdrawn from the OCBC Account would be
deposited with Citibank to earn higher interest than the interest offered by
OCBC. The Co-Signatories were accustomed to signing cheques to withdraw money
from the OCBC Account for deposit with other banks; therefore, they would have
signed the OCBC Cheques as a matter of course, and would have taken it for
granted that the money deposited with (ostensibly) Citibank would be returned
with interest upon maturity. Given these circumstances, we find APBS’s
argument on the defence of anticipatory change of position quite unrealistic,
just as we earlier found (at [119] above) APBS’s “tender and acceptance”
argument _vis-à-vis_ the discharge of liability issue unrealistic and
irrelevant on the facts of this case.

144 The second reason why we do not accept APBS’s submissions on the defence
of anticipatory change of position is that this defence will succeed only if
the change of position relied on is a change for the worse, and not for the
better; a detriment must result from the alleged change of position. In the
present case, this essential requirement has not been satisfied as, on APBS’s
own account of the material events, the Co-Signatories, when signing the OCBC
Cheques, believed that APBS would change its position for the better, in that
the money deposited with (ostensibly) Citibank would be returned in due course
with higher interest than if the money had been deposited with OCBC.

145 We conclude our discussion of the defence of anticipatory change of
position with an observation on this court’s statement in _Parkway Properties_
that for this defence to succeed, there must be “payment out by the defendant
… in clear expectation of an imminent payment in by the plaintiff” (at [46]).
In our view, the requirement of _imminence_ of the anticipated payment (or
other benefit) from the plaintiff is not supported by any authority. The case
in which the defence of anticipatory change of position was first accepted by
the Privy Council, _viz_ , _Dextra Bank & Trust Co Ltd v Bank of Jamaica_
[2002] 1 All ER (Comm) 193 (“ _Dextra Bank_ ”), did not mention such a
requirement. In their leading joint judgment in that case, Lord Goff of
Chieveley and Lord Bingham of Cornhill said with regard to this defence (at
[38]):

… [I]t is difficult to see what relevant distinction can be drawn between (1)
a case in which the defendant expends on some extraordinary expenditure all or
part of a sum of money which he has received from the plaintiff, and (2) one
in which _the defendant incurs such expenditure in the expectation that he
will receive the sum of money from the plaintiff, which he does in fact
receive_. … _It is surely no abuse of language to say, in the second case as
in the first, that the defendant has incurred the expenditure in reliance on
the plaintiff’s payment or, as is sometimes said, on the faith of the payment.
It is true that, in the second case, the defendant relied on the payment being
made to him in the future (as well as relying on such payment, when made,
being a valid payment); but, provided that his change of position was in good
faith, it should provide, pro tanto at least, a good defence_ because it would
be inequitable to require the defendant to make restitution, or to make
restitution in full. [emphasis added]

146 In _Commerzbank AG v Gareth Price-Jones_ [2003] EWCA Civ 1663 (“
_Commerzbank AG_ ”), where the defence of anticipatory change of position was
accepted as part of English law, the English CA rejected the element of
imminence of the anticipated payment from the plaintiff as a requirement of
the defence. In that case, counsel for the defendant suggested that this
requirement was essential to the defence by submitting that the anticipatory
change of position and the subsequent receipt of payment in _Dextra Bank_ were
transactions which were “so close together in point of time that they could
really be treated as part and parcel of one transaction” (see _Commerzbank AG_
at [63]). Munby J rejected this argument and stated (see, likewise, [63] of
_Commerzbank AG_):

The only point [made by the Privy Council in _Dextra Bank_] is that expressed
by the learned editors of [Lord Goff of Chieveley & Gareth Jones, _The Law of
Restitution_ (Sweet & Maxwell, 5th Ed, 1998)] at para 40-005:

“… _The burden of establishing the defence will become much greater if the
evidence does not suggest a link with the anticipatory payment and the
subsequent receipt of a payment, particularly if the receipts are received
sometime after the anticipatory change of position_. **_But in each case it
will be a question of fact for the court to determine_**.” Precisely so: there
is no point of legal principle here; it is a question of fact.

[emphasis added in italics and bold italics]

147 In our view, imminence of the anticipated payment from the plaintiff is
not an essential element of the defence of anticipatory change of position.
The critical element is, instead, the causal link between the change of
position by the defendant and his reliance on the receipt of an anticipated
payment (or other benefit) from the plaintiff. It is a question of fact in
each case whether this causal link is present.

Summary of our decision on the Restitution Issue

148 To summarise our rulings on the various issues discussed in relation to
the Restitution Issue, we hold as follows:

(a) The payment of the SEB S$45.3m into the OCBC Account did discharge Chia’s
liability to APBS in respect of the APBS S$45m misappropriated from that
account (see [118] above). Therefore, APBS cannot be said to have been
enriched at SEB’s expense by S$45m out of the SEB S$45.3m.

(b) APBS also cannot be said to have adopted the benefit of the S$29.5m
claimed by SEB (which formed part of the SEB S$45.3m) as the “adoption of
benefit” principle is completely unrealistic in the circumstances of this case
(see [122]–[124] above).

(c) Although APBS cannot be said to have adopted the benefit of the S$29.5m,
it has, based on the running account method, nonetheless been enriched by the
sum of S$347,671.23 at SEB’s expense (see [130] above). In this regard,
contrary to the Judge’s view, the running account method is the appropriate
method for quantifying APBS’s enrichment in the present case (see [129]
above).

(d) As between SEB and Chia, the Previous Drawings were treated as repaid, and
the Disputed Drawings were fresh drawings on the MM Facility that were never
paid into the OCBC Account (see [132] above). However, it is not necessary for
us to decide whether this fact would, in itself, provide APBS with a defence
to SEB’s restitutionary claim if APBS had indeed been enriched by the S$29.5m
(see [133] above).

(e) APBS’s enrichment by the sum of S$347,671.23 was unjust because APBS
received this sum without providing any consideration (see [135] above), and
because SEB paid this sum (and, likewise, the rest of the SEB S$45.3m) into
the OCBC Account under an operative mistake (see [137]–[138] above).

(f) APBS has not succeeded in establishing the defence of change of position
in terms of both extraordinary change of position and anticipatory change of
position (see [140] and [143]–[144] above). _Vis-à-vis_ the latter defence,
imminence of the anticipated payment or other benefit from the plaintiff is
not an essential element (see [145]–[147] above).

149 Since APBS has been unjustly enriched by the sum of S$347,671.23 at SEB’s
expense and cannot rely on the defence of change of position, it must make
restitution of the said sum to SEB. SEB’s restitutionary claim succeeds only
to this extent (_cf_ the S$29.5m claimed by SEB). In the circumstances, it is
not necessary for us to deal with APBS’s restitutionary counterclaim against
SEB in respect of the APBS S$45m.

Conclusion

150 For the above reasons, both SEB’s appeal (_viz_ , CA 121/2009) and HVB’s
appeal (_viz_ , CA 122/2009) are dismissed with costs and the usual
consequential orders.

* * *

[note: 1]See the Appellant’s Core Bundle dated 9 January 2010 filed by HVB for
CA 122/2009 (“ACB (CA 122)”) at vol 2, Pt 1, p 342.

[note: 2]_Id_ at pp 338–340.

[note: 3]See the 1st Respondent’s Core Bundle filed by APBS on 23 February
2010 for CA 121/2009 (“RCB (CA 121)”) at vol 2, p 265.

[note: 4]_Ibid_.

[note: 5]See RCB (CA 121) at vol 2, pp 331–333.

[note: 6]See the Joint Record of Appeal filed on 23 December 2009 for CA
121/2009 and CA 122/2009 (“ROA”) at vol 3, Pt 7, p 3229.

[note: 7]_Ibid_.

[note: 8]See ROA at vol 3, Pt 6, p 2983.

[note: 9]See p 84 of the Appellant’s Supplementary Core Bundle of Documents
dated 22 April 2010 filed by HVB for CA 122/2009.

[note: 10]See ACB (CA 122) at vol 2, Pt 1, p 339.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 19 May 2011 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

