Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  AJU _v_ AJT  
[2011] SGCA 41

Case Number| :| Civil Appeal No 125 of 2010  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 22 August 2011  
Tribunal/Court| :| Court of Appeal  
Coram| :|  Chan Sek Keong CJ; Andrew Phang Boon Leong JA; V K Rajah JA  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Chua Sui Tong, Edwin Cheng and Daniel Tan Zi Yan
(WongPartnership LLP) for the appellant; Dinesh Dhillon, Tay Yong Seng,
Felicia Tan, Indulekha Crystal Chitran and Joel Lim Junwei (Allen & Gledhill
LLP) for the respondent.  
Parties| :|  AJU — AJT  
  
[LawNet Editorial Note: The decision from which this appeal arose is reported
at [2010] 4 SLR 649.]

22 August 2011| Judgment reserved.  
---|---  
  
Chan Sek Keong CJ (delivering the judgment of the court):

Introduction

1 This is an appeal by the appellant, [AJU] (“the Appellant”), against the
decision of the High Court judge (“the Judge”) in Originating Summons No 230
of 2010 (“OS 230/2010”) setting aside an interim award dated 1 December 2009
issued in its favour (“the Interim Award”) by an arbitral tribunal (“the
Tribunal”) in Arbitration No 86 of 2006 (“the Arbitration”), an arbitration
held under the auspices of the Singapore International Arbitration Centre
(“the SIAC”), on the ground that the Interim Award was contrary to the public
policy of Singapore (see _AJT v AJU_ [2010] 4 SLR 649 (“the HC Judgment”)).

2 The Interim Award was made in relation to a dispute between the Appellant
and the respondent, [AJT] (“the Respondent”), as to the validity of an
agreement entered into on 4 February 2008 between the Appellant on the one
part and the Respondent, its sole shareholder and director (“[O]”) and two
companies associated with [O] (_viz_ , “[P]” and “[Q]”) on the other
part.[note: 1] Under this agreement (“the Concluding Agreement”), which was
governed by Singapore law, upon the fulfilment of certain specified
conditions, the Respondent was to terminate the Arbitration, which had been
commenced by it against the Appellant.

3 In the Arbitration, the Respondent had alleged, _inter alia_ , that the
Concluding Agreement was illegal because it was: (a) an agreement between the
parties to stifle the prosecution in Thailand of forgery and the use of a
forged document; (b) contrary to the law of Thailand; and (c) accordingly,
contrary to public policy both in Thailand and in Singapore. The Tribunal
rejected the Respondent’s argument and decided in the Interim Award that the
Concluding Agreement was valid and enforceable. On the Respondent’s
application (in OS 230/2010) to set aside the Interim Award, the Judge
rejected the Tribunal’s findings and held that the Concluding Agreement was an
agreement to stifle the prosecution in Thailand of the aforesaid offences,
which were non-compoundable under Thai law, and was illegal both under its
governing law (_viz_ , Singapore law) and the law of the place of performance
(_viz_ , Thai law). The Judge accordingly set aside the Interim Award under
Art 34(2)(b)(ii) of the UNCITRAL Model Law on International Commercial
Arbitration (“the Model Law”) set out in the First Schedule to the
International Arbitration Act (Cap 143A, 2002 Rev Ed) (“the IAA”).

4 The Appellant has appealed to this court against the Judge’s decision on the
ground that the Judge erred in law in rejecting the Tribunal’s findings and
setting aside the Interim Award in the circumstances of this case, and thereby
failed to give effect to the principle of finality applicable to arbitral
awards.

Background facts

The events leading to the Concluding Agreement

5 The material facts as set out in the Interim Award are as follows. The
Arbitration concerned claims brought by the Respondent against the Appellant
in respect of an agreement dated 16 July 2003 entered into between [P] and the
Appellant (“the Contract”),[note: 2] which enabled the latter to stage an
annual tennis tournament in Bangkok (“the Tennis Tournament”) for a term of
five years from 2003 to 2007. Clause 23 of the Contract[note: 3] provided that
the agreement should be construed and given effect in accordance with the laws
of Hong Kong, and that any disputes should be settled by arbitration in
Singapore under the rules of arbitration of the United Nations Commission on
International Trade Law then in force (“the UNCITRAL Arbitration Rules”).
Consequent to disputes arising under the Contract, the Respondent (as the
assignee of [P]’s rights under the Contract) served a notice of arbitration on
the Appellant by way of a letter dated 21 August 2006. The Tribunal was duly
convened and the parties were notified of its constitution on 16 January 2007.

6 On 21 November 2006, approximately three months after it was served with the
notice of arbitration, the Appellant made a complaint of fraud (“the
Complaint”) to the Special Prosecutor’s Office of Thailand (“the Thai
prosecution authority”) against [O], [P] and [Q]. The Complaint alleged that
[O], [P] and [Q] had induced the Appellant to sign the Contract by
fraudulently representing that [Q] had the right to organise the Tennis
Tournament for five years when it had the right to do so for only three
years[note: 4] ([Q] was the party which had originally been granted the right
to organise the Tennis Tournament, but, at [O]’s request, [P] was used instead
as the contracting party for the Contract). Together with the Complaint, a
forged document purporting to be an agreement by which one [R] Ltd granted [Q]
the right to organise the Tennis Tournament for a five-year period from 2003
onwards was forwarded to the Thai prosecution authority for investigation.
Pursuant to the Complaint, the Thai prosecution authority commenced
investigations against [O], [P] and [Q] on charges of joint fraud, joint
forgery and the use of a forged document. For ease of reference, the charge of
joint fraud will hereafter be termed “the Fraud Charge”; the charges of joint
forgery and the use of a forged document will be termed “the Forgery Charges”;
and the charges taken collectively will be termed “the Charges”. It is common
ground that under Thai law, fraud is a compoundable offence, whereas forgery
and the use of a forged document are non-compoundable offences.

7 While the investigations in Thailand into the Charges (“the Thai criminal
proceedings”) were ongoing, the Appellant, the Respondent, [O], [P] and [Q]
negotiated a settlement that led (as mentioned at [2] above) to the signing of
the Concluding Agreement on 4 February 2008 between the Appellant on the one
part and the Respondent, [O], [P] and [Q] on the other part. The Concluding
Agreement provided, _inter alia_ , as follows:

(a) Clause 1 stated that:[note: 5]

In this Agreement, the Closing Date hereof shall be the date that [the
Appellant] has received the evidence of withdrawal and/or discontinuation
and/or termination of all the Criminal Proceedings … from the public
prosecutor [_ie_ , the Thai prosecution authority] or other applicable
judicial or government office or official (as the case may be).

The expression “the Criminal Proceedings” was defined in the same clause as,
in essence, the Thai criminal proceedings.

(b) Clause 3 stated that:[note: 6]

The Agreed Final Settlement Amount [defined in cl 2 as the sum of US$470,000],
subject to the other terms and conditions of this Agreement, shall be paid for
value on the Closing Date to [the Respondent]’s designated bank account …

(c) Clause 5.3(i) stated that on the closing date as defined in cl 1 (“the
Closing Date”), subject to the Respondent’s receipt of the agreed settlement
amount of US$470,000 (“the Agreed Final Settlement Amount”), each party to the
Concluding Agreement was to:[note: 7]

… take all such steps as are necessary or desirable to simultaneously and
irrevocably terminate, withdraw and discontinue all actions, claims and
counterclaims as applicable to the respective Parties in the Proceedings [_ie_
, the Arbitration, for the purposes of the present appeal] and in any other
form of legal or other action, as well as to vacate any judgments, awards, or
enforcements that may have been issued or are subsequently issued …

(d) Clause 8 stated that all the claims between the Appellant on the one part
and the Respondent, [O], [P] and [Q] on the other part would be deemed to have
been fully settled.

The events following the Concluding Agreement

8 On 7 February 2008, a few days after the Concluding Agreement was signed,
the Appellant withdrew the Complaint which it had made to the Thai prosecution
authority.[note: 8] This led the Thai prosecution authority to write a letter
dated 7 March 2008 to the Appellant stating that it had decided to issue the
following:

(a) “a cessation order not to prosecute the three alleged offenders [_ie_ ,
[O], [P] and [Q]] with respect to the charges of the joint fraud [_ie_ , the
Fraud Charge] because the [Appellant] ha[d] withdrawn [the]
[C]omplaint”;[note: 9] and

(b) “a non-prosecution opinion not to prosecute [[O]] … with respect to the
charges of the joint forgery and use of the forged document [_ie_ , the
Forgery Charges]”.[note: 10]

A copy of this letter was sent by the Appellant to the Respondent on the same
day that it was issued.

9 Upon receipt of the letter, [O] replied on 10 March 2008 stating that the
Appellant was in breach of the Concluding Agreement in failing to make payment
of the Agreed Final Settlement Amount on the Closing Date (_viz_ , 7 March
2008) as provided under cll 2 and 3 of the agreement. [O] requested the
Appellant to make payment no later than 11 March 2008, which request the
Appellant complied with.

10 On 10 June 2008, the Thai prosecution authority sent the Appellant a formal
non-prosecution order in respect of the Forgery Charges against [O] (“the Non-
Prosecution Order”) on the ground that “the evidence [was] not enough to
prosecute”.[note: 11]

11 On 18 June 2008, the Appellant, in an effort to allay the continuing
concerns of the Respondent, wrote a letter to the Respondent, [O], [P] and [Q]
stating that it would not, “whether now or in the future, re-open, reinitiate,
restart or otherwise proceed with any or all [of the Charges]”[note: 12]
against them. In the same letter, the Appellant requested the Respondent to
withdraw and terminate the Arbitration no later than 25 June 2008.

12 However, [O] replied on 25 June 2008 stating that the Appellant had not
complied with its obligations under the Concluding Agreement as that agreement
was meant to bring an end to the Thai criminal proceedings (as defined at [7]
above). [O] took the view that the Non-Prosecution Order was insufficient as
the Forgery Charges could still be reactivated by the production of additional
evidence from either the Appellant or any other party, even if such evidence
might be false.[note: 13]

The issue referred to the Tribunal

13 In the face of the Respondent’s refusal to terminate the Arbitration, the
Appellant made an application to the Tribunal on 30 June 2008 to terminate the
Arbitration under Art 34(1) of the UNCITRAL Arbitration Rules on the ground
that the parties had reached a full and final settlement of all the claims
which they had against each other. The Respondent responded by challenging the
validity of the Concluding Agreement on the grounds of duress, undue influence
and illegality. This resulted in the Tribunal issuing Directions Order No 6 on
13 August 2008 directing the Respondent to apply to the (Singapore) High Court
by 13 October 2008 to set aside the Concluding Agreement on these alleged
grounds. The Respondent failed to comply with that direction, but, on 16
December 2008, it reached agreement with the Appellant to refer the issue of
“[w]hether … the Concluding Agreement … should be set aside/declared void on
the basis of duress, undue influence and/or illegality”[note: 14] to the
Tribunal for determination. The parties “irrevocably”[note: 15] confirmed that
the Tribunal had jurisdiction to decide this issue. They also agreed that in
the event that the Tribunal held the Concluding Agreement to be valid, the
Arbitration would terminate automatically with immediate effect, whereas if
the Tribunal held the Concluding Agreement to be void, the Arbitration would
continue. The Respondent further confirmed that it would not seek to challenge
the validity or enforceability of the Concluding Agreement in any other forum
or jurisdiction.

The Tribunal’s decision

14 After a five-day hearing, the Tribunal decided that the Concluding
Agreement was valid and enforceable. In the Interim Award, the Tribunal made
the following findings:

(a) the Concluding Agreement was not illegal and had not been performed
illegally by the Appellant;

(b) the Respondent’s allegations of duress and undue influence in connection
with the signing of the Concluding Agreement were not made out; and

(c) the Respondent’s allegation that the Appellant had procured the issue of
the Non-Prosecution Order by bribery was likewise unsubstantiated.

In view of its finding that the Concluding Agreement was valid and
enforceable, the Tribunal also ruled that the Arbitration was terminated
pursuant to the terms agreed by the parties on 16 December 2008.

15 _Vis-à-vis_ its finding that the Concluding Agreement was not illegal, the
Tribunal set out its reasoning in the Interim Award as follows:[note: 16]

105 There is no dispute that both parties were advised by their consultants
and [were] aware that to discontinue the criminal proceedings of a non-
compoundable offence, there ha[d] to be a non[-]prosecution order from the
authorities. Clause 5 [of the Concluding Agreement] as it was then drafted
[_ie_ , as at 4 December 2007] appear[ed] to impose on the [Appellant] the
obligation to withdraw and cause a non[-]prosecution order to be issued.

106 On 18 December 2007, [the Respondent’s lawyer] wrote to [the Appellant’s
lawyer] as follows:

…

… We advise that [the Respondent’s] … December 4 … draft be reinstated. [The
Appellant] must (i) withdraw the charge (re: the compoundable criminal matter
[of fraud]) and (ii) cause a non-prosecution order to be issued (re: the non-
compoundable matter i.e. the making/use of forged documentation) **_BEFORE_**
… [the Respondent is] obligated to withdraw the [A]rbitration … and, in the
case of [the Appellant], pay the Agreed Final Settlement Amount. The criminal
charges against our client in Thailand [_ie_ , the Charges as defined at [6]
above] must disappear before the remaining obligations of either party takes
effect. …

As re-worded in your Dec 6 draft, the withdrawal of the Thai criminal charges
is a covenant by [the Appellant] to be performed after execution of the
Concluding Agreement alongside (i) [the Appellant]’s other covenants to …
[_inter alia_] pay the Agreed Final Settlement [Amount] and (ii) [the
Respondent]’s obligation to withdraw the … [A]rbitration. _This is detrimental
to our client as there is no certainty that the withdrawal of criminal charges
can be effected (in particular with respect to the non-compoundable matter
which rests in the hand[s] of the public prosecutor [___ie__ _, the Thai
prosecution authority])_. Our client does not wish to be left in a situation
where the public prosecutor proceeds with a criminal matter but our client is
nevertheless bound under the Concluding Agreement to accept the amount agreed
as the Agreed Final Settlement Amount. This issue is critical for our client.
We do not view that having the withdrawal of the criminal charges as a
condition precedent harms [the Appellant]. The suggested language is fair for
both parties – neither party withdraws [its] arbitration claims and [the
Appellant] doesn’t have to pay the Agreed Final Settlement Amount until the
Thai criminal charges are withdrawn.

_Please note that in our discussions …, we have emphasized the importance of
this issue, especially in light of the fact that withdrawal of the [C]harges_
does not stop proceedings with respect to the non-compoundable offense. …

…

107 It is thus clear from the above that [the Respondent] knows that the
decision in respect of discontinuance of investigations into a non-
compoundable offence rests in the hands of the Public Prosecutor. Withdrawal
of the [C]omplaint by the [Appellant] therefore would not necessarily stop
proceedings on the non-compoundable offence[s] and there is no certainty what
the Public Prosecutor’s decision would be. [The Respondent’s lawyer] rightly
sought to protect the [Respondent] by ensuring that the issue of a non-
prosecution order should be a condition precedent to the settlement since no
one is certain of the outcome.

108 It appears that further discussions between the parties took place [which
resulted in the parties reaching agreement on the provision that later became
cl 1 of the Concluding Agreement] …

109 Since the termination of the proceedings lies entirely in the hands of the
Public Prosecutor, the only sensible and reasonable agreement [the] parties
could make would be that the Concluding Agreement would take effect only upon
the receipt of the non-prosecution order from the Thai authorities.

110 The plain reading of Clause 1 does not suggest whatsoever that the
Concluding Agreement was for an illegal purpose or that some illegal acts
would be performed by the [Appellant].

111 As drafted, no contractual obligation was imposed on the [Appellant] to
produce the non-prosecution order issued or … [to] cause or influence the
Public Prosecutor to issue such an order.

112 There has been no suggestion by the [Respondent] that the withdrawal of
the complaint on fraud [_ie_ , the Fraud Charge] was illegal. In fact, they
wanted the complaint withdrawn. The only difficulty facing the parties was
that the complaint on fraud had brought about the [F]orgery [C]harges as well.
We are of the view that consequent to the withdrawal of the fraud complaint,
so long as the Public Prosecutor retains the power and right to continue with
their investigations on forgery [and use of a forged document] with whatever
evidence they have or uncover, [the Appellant]’s withdrawal of [the]
[C]omplaint cannot be said to be illegal whatsoever.

113 In the circumstances, the Concluding Agreement or its terms thereof cannot
be said to be illegal.

[underlining and emphasis in bold in original]

The proceedings in the court below

The Respondent’s application to set aside the Interim Award

16 On 2 March 2010, the Respondent applied to the High Court (via OS 230/2010)
to set aside the Interim Award on two grounds, namely: (a) the Interim Award
was in conflict with the public policy of Singapore and should be set aside
under Art 34(2)(b)(ii) of the Model Law read with s 3(1) of the IAA; and (b)
the Interim Award had been made in breach of the rules of natural justice
(which breach had prejudiced the Respondent’s rights) and should be set aside
under s 24(_b_) of the IAA.

17 Apropos the first ground, the Respondent’s case was that:[note: 17]

(a) since the Concluding Agreement was an agreement to stifle the prosecution
in Thailand of forgery and the use of a forged document (which were non-
compoundable offences under Thai law), the Interim Award in effect sought to
enforce an agreement that was illegal and unenforceable in Thailand; and

(b) bribery and/or corruption of the Thai public authorities had been involved
in the Appellant’s performance of the Concluding Agreement, _ie_ , in the
Appellant’s procurement of the issue of the Non-Prosecution Order.

18 Apropos the second ground, the affidavit filed by the Respondent in support
of OS 230/2010 did not elaborate on the nature of the alleged breach of
natural justice complained of, resulting in the Judge holding that there was
no ground for complaint on this score (see [25] below).

The Judge’s decision on the issues raised by the Respondent’s application

19 In so far as the relationship between illegality and public policy was
concerned, it was common ground between the parties in the court below that
the Concluding Agreement would be illegal under both Singapore law and Thai
law, as well as in conflict with the public policy of Singapore under Art
34(2)(b)(ii) of the Model Law if:

(a) the Concluding Agreement required the Appellant to stifle the prosecution
of the Forgery Charges, which were not compoundable under Thai law; and/or

(b) the Thai prosecution authority had been bribed to issue the Non-
Prosecution Order with respect to the Forgery Charges against [O].

In this regard, illegality and public policy are two strands of the same
principle which the English courts have equated as mirror concepts (see, _eg_
, _Omnium de Traitement et de Valorisation SA v Hilmarton Ltd_ [1999] 2
Lloyd’s Rep 222 (“ _OTV_ ”) at 225 _per_ Timothy Walker J).

20 There was also no dispute in the court below on the principle of law that
any agreement to stifle the prosecution of a non-compoundable offence would be
illegal (and against public policy) as such an agreement would undermine the
administration of justice. The Judge referred to the following authorities on
this point: _Windhill Local Board of Health v Vint_ (1890) 45 Ch D 351;
_Kamini Kumar Basu and others v Birendra Nath Basu and another_ AIR 1930 PC
100; _Shripad and another v Sanikatta Co-operative Salt Sale Society and
another_ AIR 1945 Bombay 82 (“ _Shripad_ ”); _Bhowanipur Banking Corporation,
Ltd v Sreemati Durgesh Nandini Dassi_ AIR 1941 PC 95; _Ouseph Poulo (since
deceased) and after him his legal representatives, and another v The Catholic
Union Bank Ltd Head Office, Mala Angadi Vadama Village, Mukundapuram Taluk and
others_ AIR 1965 SC 166; _Ooi Kiah Inn Charles & Anor v Kukuh Maju Industries
Sdn Bhd (formerly known as Pembinaan Muncul Hebat Sdn Bhd)_ [1993] 2 MLJ 224;
and _Teo Yong Seng & Ors v Lim Bweng Tuck & Ors_ [1998] SGHC 70. He quoted,
_inter alia_ , the following passage in _Shripad_ (at 84–85), where Lokur J
made a clear distinction between a compoundable offence and a non-compoundable
offence for the purposes of determining the legality or otherwise of an
agreement to stifle the prosecution of an offence:

… [I]t was not within the power of the plaintiffs to withdraw the complaint.
It is so in the case of _all cognizable offences which are non-compoundable_.
_It is only in such cases that an agreement not to prosecute or not to proceed
with the prosecution is regarded as opposed to public policy, and is,
therefore, unlawful. If the offence is compoundable, the complainant has [the]
right to withdraw his complaint, and such withdrawal is not, under any
circumstances, opposed to public policy_. But in the case of a non-
compoundable offence, once the case is taken cognizance of, the complainant is
powerless to withdraw it, [and] even an agreement to do anything directed
towards its withdrawal is against public policy and cannot be countenanced. …
[E]ven if the [complainant] does not expressly agree to drop the prosecution,
yet if the agreement is the outcome of an implied understanding that he should
consent to the withdrawal of the prosecution, it is against public policy,
although it may not be in his power to withdraw the prosecution himself.

… The test in all such cases is whether any part of the consideration of the
agreement sued upon consisted of a promise to do some act directed towards the
stifling of criminal proceedings in respect of a non-compoundable offence. If
so, the agreement is against public policy, and is void and unenforceable in a
Court of law. …

[emphasis added]

21 As regards the relationship under Singapore law between contracts involving
foreign illegality (_ie_ , contracts which involve the doing in a foreign and
friendly country of some act which is illegal under the law of that country)
and the principle of international comity, the Judge referred to the following
authorities: _Peh Teck Quee v Bayerische Landesbank Girozentrale_ [1999] 3
SLR(R) 842 (“ _Peh Teck Quee_ ”) at [45]; _Foster v Driscoll and Others_
[1929] 1 KB 470; _Regazzoni v K C Sethia (1944) Ltd_ [1958] AC 301; _Lemenda
Trading Co Ltd v African Middle East Petroleum Co Ltd_ [1988] QB 448; and
_Kaufman v Gerson_ [1904] 1 KB 591. In essence, these cases set out the
principle that “an agreement whose object to be attained is a breach of
international comity will be regarded by the courts as being against public
policy and void” (see _Peh Teck Quee_ at [45]).

22 In the light of the Tribunal’s finding that the Concluding Agreement was
valid and enforceable, public policy was _prima facie_ not engaged for the
obvious reason that there was (according to the Tribunal) no illegality in
either the terms or the performance of the agreement. Hence, the critical
issue before the Judge was whether the court, in dealing with an application
to set aside an arbitral award founded on a contract which had been held by an
arbitral tribunal to be valid and enforceable, could reopen the arbitral
tribunal’s findings of fact and/or law and decide for itself whether the
contract in question was illegal. In this regard, the Judge held, after
examining a number of decisions from England, Australia and Singapore as well
as a textbook commentary on the IAA, that the court could do so in an
appropriate case. He said at [24] of the HC Judgment:

_In an appropriate case_ , the court, in exercising its supervisory
jurisdiction, may examine the facts of the case and decide the issue of
illegality. While there is a need to uphold the public interest in ensuring
the finality of arbitral awards, the court must also safeguard the
countervailing public interest in ensuring that its processes are not abused
by litigants. [emphasis added]

23 The authorities relied on by the Judge in reaching the above conclusion
were the following: _Soleimany v Soleimany_ [1999] QB 785 (“ _Soleimany_ ”);
_Westacre Investments Inc v Jugoimport-SPDR Holding Co Ltd and Others_ [2000]
1 QB 288 (“ _Westacre (CA)_ ”); _Corvetina Technology Ltd v Clough Engineering
Ltd_ (2004) 183 FLR 317; Robert Merkin & Johanna Hjalmarsson, _Singapore
Arbitration Legislation Annotated_ (Informa, 2009) (“ _Singapore Arbitration
Legislation_ ”); and _Denmark Skibstekniske Konsulenter A/S I Likvidation
(formerly known as Knud E Hansen A/S) v Ultrapolis 3000 Investments Ltd
(formerly known as Ultrapolis 3000 Theme Park Investments Ltd_) [2010] 3 SLR
661\. We will discuss some of these authorities later.

24 Proceeding on the basis that this was an appropriate case for the court to
intervene and reopen an arbitral tribunal’s finding on the legality of what we
will hereafter refer to as the “underlying contract” (_ie_ , the contract on
which an arbitral award is based), but without providing any explanation of
why he considered this an appropriate case for curial intervention (apart from
the fact that illegality in the underlying contract had been invoked), the
Judge evaluated the evidence of all the witnesses in relation to the
Respondent’s allegations of illegality. He held that the Tribunal should not
have confined its evaluation of the Respondent’s case in the Arbitration to a
literal and narrow interpretation of the Concluding Agreement, and should
instead have considered all the other relevant surrounding circumstances (see
[46] of the HC Judgment). He found that, considering all those circumstances,
the Respondent could not have agreed to the Appellant’s withdrawal of the
Complaint (which related to fraud) only, without the Forgery Charges being
withdrawn as well because, in his words, “[i]t would have been cold comfort”
(see [43] of the HC Judgment) to [O], [P] and [Q] had the Forgery Charges
remained alive. In this regard, the Judge rejected the Tribunal’s findings
that: (a) the Respondent had wanted the Fraud Charge to be withdrawn and that
had been done; and (b) the Respondent had signed the Concluding Agreement with
full awareness that the Forgery Charges (which were non-compoundable under
Thai law) could not be withdrawn by the Appellant, and had thus effectively
agreed that the Non-Prosecution Order would be sufficient as far as
“withdrawal” of the Forgery Charges was concerned. The Judge also considered
that the draft clause numbered as cl 5 as at 4 December 2007 (“the draft cl
5”), which (in his view) was later replaced by cl 5.3(i) of the Concluding
Agreement, showed that the Appellant had agreed to withdraw the Forgery
Charges in addition to the Fraud Charge. Accordingly, the Judge held that the
Concluding Agreement was illegal as it was an agreement between the parties to
stifle the prosecution of non-compoundable offences (see [44] of the HC
Judgment). In view of this finding, the Judge ruled that the Interim Award was
in conflict with the public policy of Singapore and was to be set aside
pursuant to Art 34(2)(b)(ii) of the Model Law.

25 The Judge did not, however, accept the Respondent’s allegations of bribery
and breach of natural justice. He held at [54] of the HC Judgment:

… [T]he records show that the Tribunal had adequately dealt with and disposed
of [the Respondent]’s submissions. There is no ground for arguing that there
had been a breach of natural justice. The [T]ribunal found that the allegation
of bribery was not proved. I am not minded to interfere with this finding of
fact by the [T]ribunal.

The issues on appeal

26 The Appellant has raised two main issues in this appeal, _ie_ :

(a) whether the Judge was correct in going behind the Interim Award and
reopening the Tribunal’s finding that the Concluding Agreement was valid and
enforceable (“Issue (a)”); and

(b) in any event, whether the Judge was correct in finding that the Concluding
Agreement was illegal (“Issue (b)”).

We will consider these two issues _seriatim_ in the discussion which follows.
We should also point out that the Respondent has not cross-appealed against
the Judge’s dismissal of its allegations of breach of natural justice and
bribery.

Issue (a): Whether the Judge was correct in reopening the Tribunal’s finding
on the legality of the Concluding Agreement

The parties’ arguments

27 _Vis-à-vis_ Issue (a), the Appellant argues that the Tribunal’s findings
should be respected on the basis of the finality principle applicable to
arbitral awards – an arbitral award, the Appellant submits, is _prima facie_
to be enforced, and it is only in an exceptional case that the court may go
behind it. The court’s supervisory power should be exercised only in cases
where (see _PT Asuransi Jasa Indonesia (Persero) v Dexia Bank SA_ [2007] 1
SLR(R) 597 (“ _PT Asuransi Jasa_ ”) at [59]):

… the upholding of an arbitral award would “shock the conscience” …, or is
“clearly injurious to the public good or … wholly offensive to the ordinary
reasonable and fully informed member of the public” …, or where it violates
the forum’s most basic notion of morality and justice …

The Appellant contends that the present case is not such a case.

28 The Appellant also submits that although the Judge cited the decision of
the English Court of Appeal (“the English CA”) in _Soleimany_ as one of the
authorities for the principle that the court could, in an appropriate case,
reopen an arbitral tribunal’s finding on the legality of an underlying
contract, the Judge failed to ask himself the following preliminary questions
which the English CA had stated should be considered by the court in
determining whether the case before it was an appropriate one for curial
intervention (see _Soleimany_ at 800F–G _per_ Waller LJ):

Has the arbitrator expressly found that the underlying contract was not
illegal? Or is it a fair inference that he did reach that conclusion? Is there
anything to suggest that the arbitrator was incompetent to conduct such an
inquiry? May there have been collusion or bad faith, so as to procure an award
despite illegality?

The Appellant contends that whenever it is alleged that an arbitral award is
based on an illegal underlying contract, the court should (as a preliminary
step) consider whether it is proper to give full faith and credit to the
arbitral award by asking itself the four questions quoted above. If the
answers to these four questions are “Yes”, “Yes”, “No” and “No” respectively,
the court should cease its inquiry into the alleged illegality of the
underlying contract there and then. The Appellant submits that the Judge
failed to ask himself the aforesaid preliminary questions, and instead adopted
an approach which amounted to entertaining an appeal against what was merely
an alleged error of fact, contrary to the public policy of the IAA and the
Model Law of according finality to arbitral awards.

29 The Respondent’s case, on the other hand, is that the court, when
considering an application to set aside an arbitral award on public policy
grounds, should _always_ embark on a detailed analysis of the evidence in
order to determine if the case for setting aside the arbitral award on the
particular public policy ground invoked has been proved (citing _Dongwoo
Mann+Hummel Co Ltd v Mann+Hummel GmbH_ [2008] 3 SLR(R) 871 and _Swiss
Singapore Overseas Enterprises Pte Ltd v Exim Rajathi India Pvt Ltd_ [2010] 1
SLR 573). According to the Respondent, the only precondition to be met is that
the objection raised must _prima facie_ be a legitimate public policy ground
for setting aside an arbitral award (citing _John Holland Pty Ltd (formerly
known as John Holland Construction & Engineering Pty Ltd) v Toyo Engineering
Corp (Japan)_ [2001] 1 SLR(R) 443 and _Sui Southern Gas Co Ltd v Habibullah
Coastal Power Co (Pte) Ltd_ [2010] 3 SLR 1). Once this threshold requirement
of identifying a legitimate public policy objection to an arbitral award is
met, a full rehearing of the evidence should immediately follow. The
Respondent submits that even if the public policy objection in question has
already been raised before and decided by the arbitral tribunal, there should
be no room for excessive deference to be accorded to the arbitral tribunal’s
decision (citing the English CA case of _Dallah Estate and Tourism Holding
Company v Ministry of Religious Affairs of the Government of Pakistan_ [2010]
2 WLR 805 at [21]). The Respondent contends that the very principle underlying
the existence of the public policy ground for setting aside arbitral awards in
Art 34(2)(b)(ii) of the Model Law entails that the court should conduct a full
hearing, and not merely a cursory or minimal review, of the public policy
objections to an arbitral award if this ground is not to be rendered otiose.

The separate regimes in the IAA for enforcing foreign arbitral awards and
setting aside “IAA awards”

30 We preface our analysis of Issue (a) with the observation that the IAA
provides separate regimes for, respectively, the enforcement of foreign
arbitral awards (_ie_ , arbitral awards made by arbitral tribunals in States
other than the State in which the arbitral awards concerned are sought to be
enforced (“the Enforcing State”)) and the setting aside of “award[s]” as
defined in s 2(1) of the IAA (referred to hereafter as “IAA awards”). The
regime for setting aside IAA awards (“the setting aside regime”) is contained
in Pt II of the IAA, the relevant provisions of which are the following:

**Enforcement of awards**

**19**. An award on an arbitration agreement may, by leave of the High Court
or a Judge thereof, be enforced in the same manner as a judgment or an order
to the same effect and, where leave is so given, judgment may be entered in
terms of the award.

…

**Effect of award**

**19B**.—(1) An award made by the arbitral tribunal pursuant to an arbitration
agreement is final and binding on the parties and on any persons claiming
through or under them and may be relied upon by any of the parties by way of
defence, set-off or otherwise in any proceedings in any court of competent
jurisdiction.

…

(4) This section shall not affect the right of a person to challenge the award
by any available arbitral process of appeal or review or in accordance with
the provisions of this Act and the Model Law.

31 The relevant provisions in the IAA by which an IAA award can be challenged
(pursuant to the right set out in s 19B(4)) are: (a) s 3(1), which gives the
Model Law (with the exception of ch VIII thereof, which is not relevant in the
present appeal) the force of law in Singapore; and (b) s 24, which sets out
two additional grounds (other than the grounds listed in Art 34(2) of the
Model Law) for setting aside an IAA award.

32 As for the Model Law, the relevant provision governing recourse to a court
is Art 34, the material parts of which (for the purposes of this appeal) are
the following:

(1) Recourse to a court against an arbitral award may be made only by an
application for setting aside in accordance with paragraphs (2) and (3) of
this Article.

(2) An arbitral award may be set aside by the court … only if:

…

(b) the court finds that:

…

(ii) the award is in conflict with the public policy of [the Enforcing] State.

…

33 The regime for enforcing foreign arbitral awards in Singapore (“the
enforcement regime”) is set out in Pt III of the IAA, the relevant provisions
of which are as follows:

**Recognition and enforcement of foreign awards**

**29**.—(1) Subject to this Part, a foreign award may be enforced in a court
either by action or in the same manner as an award of an arbitrator made in
Singapore is enforceable under section 19.

(2) Any foreign award which is enforceable under subsection (1) shall be
recognised as binding for all purposes upon the persons between whom it was
made and may accordingly be relied upon by any of those parties by way of
defence, set-off or otherwise in any legal proceedings in Singapore.

…

**Refusal of enforcement**

**31**.—(1) In any proceedings in which the enforcement of a foreign award is
sought by virtue of this Part, the party against whom the enforcement is
sought may request that the enforcement be refused, and the enforcement in any
of the cases mentioned in subsections (2) and (4) may be refused but not
otherwise.

…

(4) In any proceedings in which the enforcement of a foreign award is sought
by virtue of this Part, the court may refuse to enforce the award if it finds
that —

…

(_b_) enforcement of the award would be contrary to the public policy of
Singapore.

…

34 It can be seen from the terms of s 19B(4) of the IAA, read with Art
34(2)(b)(ii) of the Model Law, and s 31(4)(_b_) of the IAA (which is based on
Art 5(2)(b) of the Convention on the Recognition and Enforcement of Foreign
Arbitral Awards adopted in New York on 10 June 1958 by the United Nations
Conference on International Commercial Arbitration at its 24th meeting (“the
New York Convention”)) that both the setting aside regime and the enforcement
regime provide for “the public policy” of Singapore as a basis on which an IAA
award may be set aside (under the former regime) and a foreign arbitral award
denied enforcement (under the latter regime). The question arises as to
whether the public policy of Singapore under the two regimes is the same.
Although this question is peripheral to the issues to be decided in this
appeal, it is necessary for us to address it as all the authorities relied
upon by the Judge in support of his ruling that in an appropriate case, the
court could reopen an arbitral tribunal’s findings of fact and/or law on the
legality of an underlying contract were concerned with the _enforcement_ of
_foreign_ arbitral awards, rather than with (as in the present case) the
_setting aside_ of _arbitral awards made by arbitral tribunals in the
Enforcing State itself_. For example, _Soleimany_ concerned the enforcement in
England of an award made by a Jewish religious court (known as a “Beth Din”)
which was akin to an arbitral award, while _Westacre (CA)_ concerned the
enforcement in England of an arbitral award made by an International Chamber
of Commerce (“ICC”) arbitral tribunal in Geneva.

35 We might add, further, that the Judge, in analysing the concept of “public
policy” in Art 34(2)(b)(ii) of the Model Law, did refer to _PT Asuransi Jasa_
, which is a decision of this court on (_inter alia_) the meaning of the
phrase “the public policy of [the] State” in that Article. However, the Judge
did not draw a distinction between the public policy of Singapore under that
Article and the public policy of Singapore under s 31(4)(_b_) of the IAA, and
appeared to have proceeded on the basis that there was no difference in the
concept of public policy for the purposes of these two provisions.

36 In this connection, we note that the authors of _Singapore Arbitration
Legislation_ take the view that the threshold for invoking public policy to
resist enforcement of a foreign arbitral award (pursuant to s 31(4)(_b_) of
the IAA) is more stringent than that for invoking public policy to set aside
an IAA award (pursuant to s 19B(4) of the IAA read with Art 34(2)(b)(ii) of
the Model Law). They opine that (at p 75):

The public policy defence refers to the public policy of Singapore. It is
important to emphasise, however, that _the worldwide jurisprudence on the
Model Law has confirmed that “public policy” for the purposes of the New York
Convention has an international focus, and is really concerned with the most
serious forms of transgression_. [emphasis added]

They reiterate this view (at pp 117–118) in commenting on the scope of the
public policy objection under Art 34(2)(b)(ii) of the Model Law, read with s
19B(4) of the IAA, as follows:

Public policy is considered at length in the Notes to IAA, s. 31(4). It is
there commented that _public policy for the purposes of enforcement of a New
York Convention award_ [_ie_ , a foreign arbitral award, for the purposes of
the present appeal] _is not concerned purely with local issues, but is a far
narrower concept which relates to conduct which is reprehensible by any
standard. As far as a challenge to [an IAA] award is concerned, public policy
may be a wider concept_. However, the principles set out in the Notes to IAA,
s. 31(4) hold good, and it is not open to the court to reopen a decision by
the arbitrators that there was no relevant illegality [in the underlying
contract]. [emphasis added]

37 We do not agree with this view. This court decided in _PT Asuransi Jasa_
that the concept of public policy in Art 34(2)(b)(ii) of the Model Law has
what the authors of _Singapore Arbitration Legislation_ have described (at p
75) as “an international focus” (see [59] of _PT Asuransi Jasa_). What this
court did not decide in that case (because the question did not arise) was
whether the concept of public policy in Art 34(2)(b)(ii) of the Model Law was
the same as that in s 31(4)(_b_) of the IAA. As mentioned at [34] above, this
question has arisen (albeit peripherally) in the present case because of the
Judge’s reliance on case law relating to the enforcement regime in deciding
the Respondent’s application in OS 230/2010, which falls under the setting
aside regime. In our view, there is no difference between these two regimes as
far as the concept of public policy is concerned because the legislative
purpose of the IAA is to treat all IAA awards as having an international focus
(see s 5(1) of the IAA, which provides that in the absence of a written
agreement to the contrary between the parties to an arbitration, Pt II of the
Act (_ie_ , the Part governing IAA awards) and the Model Law shall apply only
to “ _international_ arbitration” [emphasis added] as defined in ss 5(2) and
5(3)).

38 It follows that case law on the enforcement regime is relevant in the
present case even though it involves the setting aside regime. In this regard,
the prevailing approach of our courts is that where enforcement of a foreign
arbitral award is resisted on public policy grounds, the public policy
objection in question must involve either “exceptional circumstances … which
would justify the court in refusing to enforce the award” (see _Re An
Arbitration Between Hainan Machinery Import and Export Corp and Donald &
McArthy Pte Ltd_ [1995] 3 SLR(R) 354 at [45], which was cited with approval
in, _inter alia_ , _Aloe Vera of America, Inc v Asianic Food (S) Pte Ltd and
another_ [2006] 3 SLR(R) 174 (“ _Aloe Vera Inc_ ”) at [75] and _Galsworthy Ltd
of the Republic of Liberia v Glory Wealth Shipping Pte Ltd_ [2011] 1 SLR 727
(“ _Galsworthy Ltd_ ”) at [17]), or a violation of “the most basic notions of
morality and justice” (see _Hebei Import & Export Corp v Polytek Engineering
Co Ltd_ [1999] 2 HKC 205 at 211, which was likewise relied on in _Aloe Vera
Inc_ (at [40]) and _Galsworthy Ltd_ (at [17])).

39 With this background in mind, we now proceed to consider Issue (a) proper.

Our decision on Issue (a)

40 As mentioned at [27]–[28] above, the Appellant’s case in this appeal is
that: (a) the finality principle in international arbitration should be
respected; (b) where an arbitral award is challenged on the ground of
illegality in the underlying contract despite the arbitral tribunal having
ruled that there was no such illegality, it is only in an exceptional case
that the court may go behind the arbitral award and reopen the arbitral
tribunal’s finding; and (c) the present case is not an exceptional case. In
contrast, the Respondent’s case goes to the other extreme. According to the
Respondent, once there is a challenge to the legality of the underlying
contract, the court should conduct a full rehearing of the evidence put before
the arbitral tribunal to determine for itself whether the arbitral tribunal
was correct in ruling that the underlying contract was legal. The Judge
adopted an approach that does not appear to be based on either of these two
propositions. He held that “[i]n an _appropriate_ case” [emphasis added] (see
[24] of the HC Judgment), the court could reopen an arbitral tribunal’s
finding on the legality of the underlying contract and decide that issue for
itself (see [22] above). In our view, an “appropriate” case must, by
definition, include an exceptional case, although whether it includes non-
exceptional cases is not clear from the HC Judgment since the Judge did not
elaborate on what he considered to be an appropriate case. However, the
present case must, by his test, be an appropriate case since he reopened the
Tribunal’s findings. Whatever the test of appropriateness entails, it clearly
is derived from the judgment of the English CA in _Soleimany_. Before we
discuss that decision, we should first examine the decision of Colman J on a
similar issue in _Westacre Investments Inc v Jugoimport-SPDR Holding Co Ltd
and Others_ [1999] QB 740 (“ _Westacre (HC)_ ”), which was considered by the
English CA in _Soleimany_.

The leading English case authorities

(1) The decision in _Westacre (HC)_

41 In _Westacre (HC)_ , the dispute arose out of a contract governed by Swiss
law (“the Westacre contract”), under which the claimant in the arbitration was
to procure for the respondents in the arbitration contracts to sell military
hardware to the Government of Kuwait (for convenience, we will hereafter refer
to the claimant in an arbitration as the “plaintiff” and the respondent in an
arbitration as the “defendant”). The Westacre contract was to be performed in
Kuwait. A dispute arose as to the fees payable to the plaintiff, and the
matter was referred to arbitration before an ICC arbitral tribunal in Geneva.
In the arbitral proceedings, the defendants alleged that under the Westacre
contract, the plaintiff was to exercise personal influence and, if necessary,
pay bribes to secure sales contracts for them; accordingly, the Westacre
contract was contrary to public policy. The ICC arbitral tribunal held that
the defendants’ allegations were not made out and made an award in favour of
the plaintiff (“the Swiss award”). The defendants’ application to the Swiss
Federal Tribunal to overturn the Swiss award failed because the Swiss Federal
Tribunal held that the Swiss award had been correctly made. Subsequently, the
plaintiff obtained leave from an English court to enforce the Swiss award in
England. The defendants resisted enforcement in England on the same grounds
that had been rejected by the ICC arbitral tribunal and the Swiss Federal
Tribunal. An order was made for the trial of the preliminary issue of whether
the defendants’ pleaded case disclosed no defence to the enforcement of the
Swiss award. In the course of the hearing, the defendants applied for leave to
re-amend their points of defence to allege that a number of witnesses called
by the plaintiff at the arbitration had perjured themselves, and that since
the Swiss award had been procured by fraud and/or manifestly dishonest
evidence, it was contrary to public policy to enforce it. The defendants’
allegations of perjury were based on the affidavit of one Miodrag
Milosavljevic (“MM”) sworn on 13 December 1995 (“MM’s affidavit”), which had
already been referred to and relied on in the defendants’ pleaded case.

42 Colman J dismissed the defendants’ application for leave to re-amend their
points of defence; he also held, _vis-à-vis_ the preliminary issue, that the
defendants’ pleaded case disclosed no defence to the enforcement of the Swiss
award in England. In an elaborate judgment, Colman J examined the relevant
authorities on whether an arbitral award based on an underlying contract which
was allegedly illegal under its governing law or the law of the place of
performance or English law (as the law of the Enforcing State) could be
enforced in England and summarised their effect in six principles (see
_Westacre (HC)_ at 767C–768A). The first four principles are not relevant to
the present case (because the parties agreed to vest jurisdiction in the
Tribunal to decide the issue of whether the Concluding Agreement should be set
aside on the basis of, _inter alia_ , illegality (see [13] above)). The last
two principles are relevant, and they are as follows (see 767G–768A of
_Westacre (HC)_):

(v) If the court concluded that the arbitration agreement conferred
jurisdiction to determine whether the underlying contract was illegal and by
the award the arbitrators determined that it was not illegal, prima facie the
court would enforce the resulting award. (vi) If the party against whom the
award was made then sought to challenge enforcement of the award on the
grounds that, _on the basis of facts not placed before the arbitrators_ , the
contract was indeed illegal, the enforcement court would have to consider
whether the public policy against the enforcement of illegal contracts
outweighed the countervailing public policy in support of the finality of
awards in general and of awards in respect of the same issue in particular.
[emphasis added]

43 Colman J pointed out (at 772G–H) that if the court had been asked to
enforce _the Westacre contract_ directly, such enforcement would have been
refused on the basis of international comity as that contract was illegal
under Kuwaiti law. However, he continued, what the court was being asked to do
was not to enforce the Westacre contract directly, but to enforce _the Swiss
award_ pursuant to the New York Convention, and in that regard, “enforcement
[did] not substantially depend on the public policy of Kuwait but of
[England]” (at 773A). On this basis, Colman J held (at 773A–E):

… [I]t is necessary to take into account the importance of sustaining the
finality of international arbitration awards in a jurisdiction which is the
venue of more international arbitrations than anywhere else in the world. I
have already referred to the developing jurisprudence on the separability of
arbitration agreements [from their underlying contracts] in the context of
allegations of illegality. In _E. D. & F. Man (Sugar) Ltd. v. Yani Haryanto
(No. 2)_ [1991] 1 Lloyd’s Rep. 429 Neill L.J. expressly contemplated [at 436]
that in the case of a drug-trafficking contract where a foreign judgment was
sought to be enforced, the English court would go behind the judgment in the
interests of public policy. However, although commercial corruption is
deserving of strong judicial and governmental disapproval, few would consider
that it stood in the scale of opprobrium quite at the level of drug-
trafficking. On balance, I have come to the conclusion that the public policy
of sustaining international arbitration awards on the facts of this case
outweighs the public policy in discouraging international commercial
corruption. Accordingly, the defendants’ primary point does not bring them
within the public policy exception to enforcement of the [Swiss] award under
section 5(3) of the Arbitration Act 1975 [_viz_ , the then English equivalent
of s 31(4) of the IAA]. That conclusion is not to be read as in any sense
indicating that the Commercial Court is prepared to turn a blind eye to
corruption in international trade, but rather as an expression of its
confidence that if the issue of illegality by reason of corruption is referred
to high calibre I.C.C. arbitrators and duly determined by them, it is entirely
inappropriate in the context of the New York Convention that the enforcement
court should be invited to retry that very issue in the context of a public
policy submission.

44 Colman J also dealt with the defendants’ alternative argument that since a
contract for the purchase of personal influence over government officials
falling short of the use of bribery was contrary to the public policy of
Kuwait, enforcement of such a contract would be contrary to English public
policy and, thus, the plaintiff should not be permitted to enforce the Swiss
award (which was based on such a contract) in England. Colman J rejected this
argument on the ground that (at 775B–C):

Outside the field of such universally-condemned international activities as
terrorism, drug-trafficking, prostitution and paedophilia [and, we may add,
human-trafficking], it is difficult to see why anything short of corruption or
fraud in international commerce should invite the attention of English public
policy in relation to contracts which are not performed within the
jurisdiction of the English courts. That it should be the policy of the
English courts to deter the exercise of personal influence short of corruption
and fraud to obtain valuable contracts in foreign countries in which such
activity is not contrary to public policy by refusing to enforce contracts
would involve an unjustifiable in-road into the principle of pacta sunt
servanda.

For these reasons (as well as those outlined at [43] above), Colman J held,
_vis-à-vis_ the preliminary issue, that the defendants’ pleaded case did not
disclose any defence to the enforcement of the Swiss award in England.

45 With regard to the defendants’ application for leave to re-amend their
points of defence to add the giving of perjured evidence as an additional
ground for resisting enforcement of the Swiss award in England, Colman J
reviewed the authorities and held that the defendants’ application should not
be allowed. His reasoning was as follows (see 784A–F of _Westacre (HC)_):

Where a party to a foreign New York Convention arbitration award alleges at
the enforcement stage that [the award] has been obtained by perjured
evidence[,] that party will not normally be permitted to adduce in the English
courts additional evidence to make good that allegation unless it is
established that: (i) the evidence sought to be adduced is of sufficient
cogency and weight to be likely to have materially influenced the arbitrators’
conclusion had it been advanced at the hearing; and (ii) the evidence was not
available or reasonably obtainable either (a) at the time of the hearing of
the arbitration; or (b) at such time as would have enabled the party concerned
to have adduced it in the court of supervisory jurisdiction to support an
application to reverse the arbitrators’ award if such procedure were
available. Where the additional evidence has already been deployed before the
court of supervisory jurisdiction for the purpose of an application for the
setting aside or remission of the award but the application has failed, the
public policy of finality would normally require that the English courts
should not permit that further evidence to be adduced at the stage of
enforcement. The defendants have not established that they could justify the
introduction of the evidence in M.M.’s affidavit either on the basis that such
evidence could not reasonably have been obtained at the time of the
arbitration or subsequently in time to engage Swiss court procedures for
challenging the [Swiss] award on the basis that the [plaintiff] had adduced
perjured evidence. The procedure available under Swiss law for “revision” of
an award on the grounds that it has been obtained by perjured evidence must be
invoked within a time limit of 90 days from the discovery of the dishonest
evidence, according to a letter of advice provided to the [plaintiff] by a
Swiss lawyer, M. Andre Gillioz. This was clearly not done. That being so, I
have no doubt that, notwithstanding the apparent strength of the evidence of
M.M. on which they would rely, the defendants should not be permitted to
reopen under the public policy exception to enforcement under section 5(3) of
the Act of 1975 [_ie_ , the Arbitration Act 1975 (c 3) (UK)] the issues of
fact already determined by the arbitrators. Accordingly, the defendants’
application for leave further to re-amend their points of defence must be
refused.

(2) English cases after _Westacre (HC)_

46 Colman J’s judgment was considered by the English CA in _Soleimany_ (which
was decided shortly after _Westacre (HC)_). In _Soleimany_ , the English CA
set aside an order giving the plaintiff leave to enforce in England an award
of the Beth Din on the ground that the award was contrary to English public
policy as it purported to enforce an underlying contract that was illegal
under the law of Iran, the law of the place of performance (the underlying
contract was for carpets to be illegally exported from Iran and then sold in
other countries). The award was made according to Jewish law, under which the
illegality of the underlying contract did not affect the rights of the
parties. The English CA held that the interposition of the Beth Din’s award
did not isolate the plaintiff’s claim from the illegality that gave rise to
it. At 800A–C of _Soleimany_ , Waller LJ, delivering the judgment of the
English CA, said:

… Where public policy is involved, the interposition of an arbitration award
does not isolate the successful party’s claim from the illegality which gave
rise to it. …

The reason, in our judgment, is plain enough. The court declines to enforce an
illegal contract, as Lord Mansfield said in _Holman v. Johnson_ (1775) 1 Cowp.
341, 343 not for the sake of the defendant, nor (if it comes to the point) for
the sake of the plaintiff. The court is in our view concerned to preserve the
integrity of its process, and to see that it is not abused. The parties cannot
override that concern by private agreement. They cannot by procuring an
arbitration conceal that they, or rather one of them, is seeking to enforce an
illegal contract. Public policy will not allow it. …

47 In _Soleimany_ , the English CA held that it was plain on the face of the
award that the Beth Din was enforcing an underlying contract which was
unlawful under the law of the place of performance. At 797B, Waller LJ said:

We stress that we are dealing with a judgment which _finds as a fact_ that it
was the common intention [of the contracting parties] to commit an illegal
act, but enforces the contract. **_Different considerations may apply where
there is a finding by the foreign court to the contrary or simply no such
finding, and one party now seeks a finding from the enforcing court_**. Thus
our conclusion would be that if the [Beth Din’s] award were a judgment of a
foreign court, the English court would not enforce it. [emphasis in original
in italics; emphasis added in bold italics]

48 As to what different considerations might apply where the arbitral tribunal
had found that there was no illegality in the underlying contract, Waller LJ
said at 800D–H:

The difficulty arises when arbitrators have entered upon the topic of
illegality, and have held that there was none. Or perhaps they have made a
non-speaking award, and have not been asked to give reasons. In such a case
there is a tension between the public interest that the awards of arbitrators
should be respected, so that there be an end to lawsuits, and the public
interest that illegal contracts should not be enforced. We do not propound a
definitive solution to this problem, for it does not arise in the present
case. So far from finding that the underlying contract was not illegal, … the
Beth Din found that it was.

It may, however, also be in the public interest that this court should express
some view on a point which has been fully argued and which is likely to arise
again. In our view, _an enforcement judge, if there is prima facie evidence
from one side that the award is based on an illegal contract, should inquire
further to some extent_. Is there evidence on the other side to the contrary?
Has the arbitrator expressly found that the underlying contract was not
illegal? Or is it a fair inference that he did reach that conclusion? Is there
anything to suggest that the arbitrator was incompetent to conduct such an
inquiry? May there have been collusion or bad faith, so as to procure an award
despite illegality? Arbitrations are, after all, conducted in a wide variety
of situations; not just before high-powered tribunals in international trade
but in many other circumstances. _We do not for one moment suggest that the
judge should conduct a full-scale trial of those matters in the first
instance. That would create the mischief which the arbitration was designed to
avoid. The judge has to decide whether it is proper to give full faith and
credit to the arbitrator’s award. Only if he decides at the preliminary stage
that he should not take that course does he need to embark on a more elaborate
inquiry into the issue of illegality_.

[emphasis added]

49 Continuing his _obiter_ discussion of the relevant considerations when
enforcement of an arbitral award was resisted on the basis of illegality in
the underlying contract despite the arbitral tribunal’s ruling that there was
no such illegality, and in reference to the six principles stated by Colman J
in _Westacre (HC)_ at 767C–768A, Waller LJ expressed his agreement with the
fourth principle (namely, that the court would not permit an arbitral tribunal
“to ignore palpable and indisputable illegality” (_per_ Colman J in _Westacre
(HC)_ at 767F) in the underlying contract), and also the fifth principle
(namely, that if the arbitral tribunal had jurisdiction to decide whether the
underlying contract was illegal and had gone on to find that the contract was
not illegal, the arbitral award would _prima facie_ be enforced by the court).
However, Waller LJ disagreed with the sixth principle (namely, that where an
arbitral award was challenged at the enforcement stage on the basis of
illegality in the underlying contract despite the arbitral tribunal having
found that the contract was legal, it was _only_ in cases where the challenge
was based on _facts not placed before the arbitral tribunal_ that the court
would intervene and reopen the arbitral tribunal’s finding). Waller LJ adopted
a broader approach than that of Colman J, stating (at 803B–C of _Soleimany_):

… _[I]n an appropriate case_[,] it [_ie_ , the court] may inquire, as we hold,
into an issue of illegality even if an arbitrator had jurisdiction and has
found that there was no illegality. _We thus differ from Colman J., who
limited his sixth proposition to cases where there were relevant facts not put
before the arbitrator_. [emphasis added]

50 After considering two other authorities for completeness, Waller LJ said
(at 803G–804A):

Finally, under this head, we should state explicitly what may already be
apparent: when considering illegality of the underlying contract, we do not
confine ourselves to English law. An English court will not enforce a contract
governed by English law, or to be performed in England, which is illegal by
English domestic law. Nor will it enforce a contract governed by the law of a
foreign and friendly state, or which requires performance in such a country,
if performance is illegal by the law of that country. That is well
established[,] as appears from the citations earlier in this judgment. This
rule applies as much to the enforcement of an arbitration award as to the
direct enforcement of a contract in legal proceedings.

The award in this case, which purports to enforce an illegal contract, is not
enforceable in England and Wales. …

51 In _Westacre (CA_) (_viz_ , the appeal from Colman J’s decision in
_Westacre (HC)_), Waller LJ reiterated his _obiter_ statement in _Soleimany_
that where enforcement of an arbitral award was resisted on the ground of
illegality in the underlying contract, the court could, in an appropriate
case, reopen the arbitral tribunal’s finding that there was no such
illegality. He disagreed with Colman J’s decision not to allow the defendants
to reopen, in the enforcement proceedings in England, the ICC arbitral
tribunal’s finding that the Westacre contract did not involve or contemplate
any bribery on the plaintiff’s part. Citing the English CA’s decision in _E D
& F Man (Sugar) Ltd v Yani Haryanto (No 2)_ [1991] 1 Lloyd’s Rep 429, Waller
LJ said (at 314D–315C of _Westacre (CA)_):

That case in my judgment is important. It demonstrates that even if a party
had obtained a declaration from the English court as to the validity of a
contract in a situation in which the defendant had not raised a public policy
issue in relation, for example, to the fact that the contract was for the
importation of drugs, the English court would not allow the plaintiff to rely
on an issue estoppel to prevent “argument on principles of public policy which
are of the greatest importance.” The position may be different if the public
policy issue relates to a rule of [another country’s] domestic law.

It thus supports the view that was being expressed obiter in _Soleimany v.
Soleimany_ [1999] Q.B. 785, that _there will be circumstances in which,
despite the prima facie position of an award preventing a party [from]
reopening matters either decided by the arbitrators or which the party had
every opportunity of raising before the arbitrators, the English court will
allow a re-opening. The court is in this instance performing a balancing
exercise between the competing public policies of finality and illegality;
between the finality that should prima facie exist particularly for those that
agree to have their disputes arbitrated, against the policy of ensuring that
the executive power of the English court is not abused_. It is for those
reasons that the nature of the illegality is a factor, the strength of case
that there was illegality also is a factor, and the extent to which it can be
seen that the asserted illegality was addressed by the arbitral tribunal is a
factor.

[Colman J in _Westacre (HC)_] performed the balancing exercise and narrowly
came down on the side of upholding the finality of the [Swiss] award. It would
seem that if the case had concerned a drug-trafficking contract he might well
have taken a different view but he placed “commercial corruption” at a
different level of opprobrium from drug-trafficking.

I have reached a different conclusion to that of [Colman J]. I disagree with
him as to the appropriate level of opprobrium at which to place commercial
corruption. … I believe it important that the English court is not seen to be
turning a blind eye to corruption on this scale. I believe that if unanswered
the case at present made on M.M.’s affidavit would be conclusive against [the
plaintiff] being entitled to enforce the [Westacre contract] and thus the
[Swiss] award as a matter of English public policy. I also believe that
[Colman J] did not sufficiently consider the extent to which the case now
presented on bribery was examined by the arbitration tribunal. When one
examines the circumstances of this case one can see that in truth the bribery
issue has not been ventilated properly before the Swiss arbitral tribunal. …

[emphasis added]

52 In contrast, the other two members of the English CA in _Westacre (CA)_
disagreed with Waller LJ’s view that it was appropriate to permit the
defendants to reopen the ICC arbitral tribunal’s findings on the defendants’
allegations of bribery. They also disagreed with Waller LJ’s _obiter_ comments
in _Soleimany_. Mantell LJ said at 316D–317C of _Westacre (CA)_ :

… I … agree that the preliminary issue raises two separate questions: is it
open to the defendants in the enforcement proceedings to challenge the
arbitrators’ findings of fact on the bribery issue, and secondly, if so and if
[the defendants are] successful in proving the assertions set out in [MM’s
affidavit], should the English court enforce the [Swiss] award? Clearly the
questions have to be addressed in that order and the key question is the
first. On that key question I regret to say that I am unable to agree with
Waller L.J. …

It is of crucial importance to evaluate both the majority decision in the
arbitration and the ruling of the Swiss Federal Tribunal, Swiss Law being both
the proper law of the [Westacre] contract and the curial law of the
arbitration and Switzerland, like the United Kingdom, being a party to the New
York Convention. From the [Swiss] award itself[,] it is clear that bribery was
a central issue. The allegation was made, entertained and rejected. Had it not
been rejected the claim would have failed, Swiss and English public policy
being indistinguishable in this respect. Authority apart, in those
circumstances and without fresh evidence I would have thought that there could
be no justification for refusing to enforce the [Swiss] award.

However, in the obiter passage cited by Waller L.J. from the judgment in
_Soleimany v. Soleimany_ [1999] Q.B. 785, 800, it seems to have been suggested
that some kind of preliminary inquiry short of a full scale trial should be
embarked upon whenever “there is prima facie evidence from one side that the
award is based on an illegal contract …” For my part I have some difficulty
with the concept and even greater concerns about its application in practice,
but, for the moment and uncritically accepting the guidelines offered, it
seems to me that any such preliminary inquiry in the circumstances of the
present case must inevitably lead to the same conclusion, namely, that _the
attempt to reopen the facts should be rebuffed_. I so conclude by reference to
the criteria given by way of example in _Soleimany v. Soleimany_ itself.
First, there was evidence before the tribunal that this was a straightforward,
commercial contract. Secondly, the arbitrators specifically found that the
underlying contract was not illegal. Thirdly, there is nothing to suggest
incompetence on the part of the arbitrators. Finally, there is no reason to
suspect collusion or bad faith in the obtaining of the [Swiss] award. The
seriousness of the alleged illegality to which Waller L.J. gives weight is
not, in my judgment, a factor to be considered at the stage of deciding
whether or not to mount a full-scale inquiry. It is something to be taken into
account as part of the balancing exercise between the competing public policy
considerations of finality and illegality which can only be performed in
response to the second question, if it arises, namely, should the [Swiss]
award be enforced?

Accordingly I would dismiss the appeal.

[emphasis added]

53 In a similar vein, Sir David Hirst said in his judgment in _Westacre (CA)_
(at 317C–D):

I also would dismiss this appeal for the reasons given by Mantell L.J., with
which I entirely agree. I would only add that, had the second question [_viz_
, the question of whether, if the defendants were successful in proving the
allegations in MM’s affidavit, the English courts should enforce the Swiss
award] arisen, I would have answered it in favour of the plaintiff for the
same reasons as those given by Colman J. [in _Westacre (HC)_ at] 771–773.
Here, in my judgment, Colman J. struck the correct balance, and, in doing so,
contrary to Waller L.J.’s view, gave ample weight to the opprobrium attaching
to commercial corruption: see especially [_Westacre (HC)_] at p. 771H–773A.

54 In _Westacre (CA)_ , there was the additional factor that the Swiss award
had been affirmed by the Swiss Federal Tribunal. In the subsequent case of
_OTV_ , this additional factor was absent. In that case, which concerned
(_inter alia_) an application to set aside an order granting leave for a Swiss
arbitral award to be enforced in England, the defendant (“Omnium”) had
appointed the plaintiff (“H Co”) to provide consultancy services in connection
with a drainage project in Algiers. The agreement between the parties (“the
OTV agreement”) provided that Omnium was to pay H Co certain fees on condition
that Omnium was awarded the contract for the drainage project. The arbitration
clause in the OTV agreement chose: (a) Swiss law as the proper law of the
agreement; (b) dispute resolution by ICC arbitration; and (c) the curial law
of Geneva, the seat of the arbitration. The condition prescribed in the OTV
agreement was met, but Omnium paid H Co only half of the agreed fees. H Co
brought arbitral proceedings to recover the balance of its fees. The
arbitrator made an award in H Co’s favour. He found that: (a) the work
performed by H Co consisted of lobbying (which did not involve bribing)
Algerian public officials for the drainage project to be awarded to Omnium;
and (b) although such activities wittingly breached an Algerian statute which
prohibited the use of middlemen in connection with any public contract or any
contract relating to foreign trade, and although the OTV agreement was
unlawful under Algerian law (the law of the place of performance), it was not
unlawful under Swiss law (the governing law of the agreement).

55 H Co applied to enforce the arbitral award in England and obtained an _ex
parte_ order from the English High Court giving effect to the award. Omnium
applied to set aside the _ex parte_ order, and also sought an order that the
arbitral award be refused enforcement in England under s 103 of the
Arbitration Act 1996 (c 23) (UK) (which is substantially the same as s 31 of
the IAA). Omnium’s case was that the arbitral award should not be enforced in
England because enforcement would be in conflict with English public policy as
the OTV agreement was unlawful in its place of performance (_viz_ , Algiers).

56 Walker J dismissed Omnium’s application, stating (at 224):

… [T]he very point which [Omnium] now puts forward as a reason for refusal of
enforcement in England was (1) ruled upon on the face of the award, and (2)
rejected by the application of the law chosen by the parties, (3) on the basis
of a finding of fact that no corrupt practices were involved.

It may well be that an English arbitral tribunal, chosen by the parties, and
applying English law as chosen by the parties, would have reached a different
result. It may well be that such a tribunal would have dismissed [H Co]’s
claim, applying the full rigour of the principle stated by Viscount Simonds in
_Regazzoni v. K. C. Sethia (1944) Ltd_., [1957] 2 Lloyd’s Rep. 289 at p. 294,
col. 2; [1958] A.C. 301 at p. 317 thus:

… whether or not the proper law of the contract is English law, an English
Court will not enforce a contract, or award damages for its breach if its
performance will involve the doing of an act in a foreign and friendly State
which violates the law of that State.

…

But I am not adjudicating upon the underlying contract. I am deciding whether
or not an arbitration award should be enforced in England. In this context it
seems to me that (absent a finding of fact of corrupt practices which would
give rise to obvious public policy considerations) the fact that English law
would or might have arrived at a different result is nothing to the point.
Indeed, the reason for the different result is that Swiss law is different
from English law, and the parties chose Swiss law and Swiss arbitration. If
anything, this consideration dictates (as a matter of policy of the upholding
of international arbitral awards) that the award should be enforced.

57 At 225 of _OTV_ , Walker J distinguished _Soleimany_ as follows:

… [Omnium’s] reliance on _Soleimany_ … was in my view misplaced. In that case,
it was apparent from the face of the award that the arbitrator was dealing
with an illicit enterprise for smuggling carpets out of Iran. It was quite
simply a smuggling contract. The case thus clearly fell into the category of
cases where as a matter of public policy no award would be enforced by an
English Court, and the whole of the judgment … has to be read in that context.
The element of corruption or illicit practice was present [in _Soleimany_]
which, on the arbitrator’s unchallengeable finding of fact in this case, was
not present here.

The two divergent approaches in England

58 It can be seen from the foregoing discussion that thus far, the English
courts have adopted two divergent approaches _vis-à-vis_ the circumstances in
which the court may reopen an arbitral tribunal’s decision that an underlying
contract is legal. On the one hand, there is the approach taken by Colman J in
_Westacre (HC)_ and the majority of the English CA in _Westacre (CA)_ ; on the
other hand, there is the more liberal (and “interventionist”) approach taken
in _Soleimany_ and by Waller LJ in _Westacre (CA)_. As noted in Shai Wade,
“Westacre v. Soleimany: What Policy? Which Public?” [1999] Int ALR 97 (“Wade’s
article”), although _Soleimany_ adopted many aspects of the decision in
_Westacre (HC)_ , it also (at p 99):

… promote[d] a rather different approach to the balance to be struck between
the public policy of upholding arbitration awards and the policy against
unsavoury international trade practices. In the judgment of the [English CA]
in [that] case, which was delivered by Waller L.J., the limits to the
principle of the separability of an illegal underlying agreement [from an
arbitral award] were decidedly more strict. While _Soleimany_ accepts that
there are cases in which an arbitrator would have jurisdiction to decide on
questions of illegality (such as [in _Westacre (HC)_] itself), the emphasis in
the judgment is exemplified by the statement …:

“The English court would not recognise an agreement between the highwaymen to
arbitrate their differences any more than it would recognise their initial
agreement to split the proceeds.”

In exercising its supervisory role over the enforcement of arbitral awards,
the court was:

“concerned to preserve the integrity of its process and to see that it is not
abused. The parties … cannot by procuring an arbitration conceal that they, or
rather one of them, is seeking to enforce an illegal contract” …

59 In contrast, in _Westacre (CA)_ , the majority of the English CA (namely,
Mantell LJ and Sir David) rejected the approach taken in _Soleimany_ (and by
Waller LJ in _Westacre (CA)_ itself), and chose “a return to the emphasis
normally placed on the continued unhindered operation of the New York
Convention as an overriding policy in matters concerning international
arbitration” (see Wade’s article at p 100).

60 With respect, we do not agree with the approach taken in _Soleimany_ and by
Waller LJ in _Westacre (CA)_. In our view, it is the majority’s approach in
the latter case (which endorses Colman J’s approach in _Westacre (HC)_) which
is consonant with the legislative policy of the IAA of giving primacy to the
autonomy of arbitral proceedings and upholding the finality of arbitral awards
(whether foreign arbitral awards or IAA awards).

Application of the relevant legal principles to the present case

61 In _Westacre (HC)_ , Colman J said (at 769E) that since the parties had
selected arbitration by an impressively competent international body (_viz_ ,
the ICC), the English courts would be entitled to assume that the arbitrators
appointed were of undoubted competence and ability, and well able to
understand and determine the particular issue of illegality arising in that
case. This premise applies _a fortiori_ in the present case, given that: (a)
the parties selected arbitration by the SIAC (an equally competent
international body); (b) the Tribunal consisted of experienced members of the
local Bar; and (c) the Tribunal decided the issue of illegality according to
Singapore law. For these reasons, a Singapore court would all the more be
entitled to assume that the members of the Tribunal had adequate knowledge of
Singapore law.

62 Be that as it may, since the law applied by the Tribunal was Singapore law,
the question that arises is whether, if a Singapore court disagrees with the
Tribunal’s finding that the Concluding Agreement is not illegal under
Singapore law, the court’s supervisory power extends to correcting the
Tribunal’s decision on this issue of illegality. In our view, the answer to
this question must be in the affirmative as the court cannot abrogate its
judicial power to the Tribunal to decide what the public policy of Singapore
is and, in turn, whether or not the Concluding Agreement is illegal
(illegality and public policy being, as pointed out at [19] above, mirror
concepts in this regard), however eminent the Tribunal’s members may be.
Accordingly, we agree with the Judge that the court is entitled to decide for
itself whether the Concluding Agreement is illegal and to set aside the
Interim Award if it is tainted with illegality, just as in _Soleimany_ , the
English CA refused to enforce the Beth Din’s award as it was tainted with
illegality.

63 However, this conclusion does not mean that in every case where illegality
in the underlying contract is invoked, the court is entitled to reopen the
arbitral tribunal’s finding that the underlying contract is not illegal. In
the present case, it was not disputed that the Tribunal’s decision took into
account the principle that an agreement to stifle the prosecution of non-
compoundable offences would be illegal and contrary to public policy; indeed,
the Tribunal made the Interim Award on that basis. As we stated earlier, the
Judge also applied the same principle of law. What the Judge and the Tribunal
differed on were the facts upon which their respective findings on the
legality (or otherwise) of the Concluding Agreement were based. The Tribunal
held that a plain reading of the Concluding Agreement did not disclose any
illegality. In contrast, the Judge held that the Tribunal should not have
given a literal meaning to the words of the Concluding Agreement and should
instead have considered all the relevant surrounding circumstances, which
circumstances, in his view, pointed to the Concluding Agreement being illegal.
With respect, we do not think the Judge’s criticism of the Tribunal’s approach
is justified because, as the record shows, the Tribunal did consider the
relevant surrounding circumstances. For instance, it took into account the
fact that: (a) the Respondent wanted the Complaint to be withdrawn as it
thought the Complaint had simply been trumped up by the Appellant; and (b) the
Respondent signed the Concluding Agreement even though it knew that the
Appellant’s withdrawal of the Complaint would terminate only criminal
proceedings in respect of the Fraud Charge, but not criminal proceedings in
respect of the Forgery Charges. It would seem that the Respondent’s refusal to
abide by the Concluding Agreement actually stemmed from its belief that the
Appellant had procured the issue of the Non-Prosecution Order through bribery,
an allegation which the Tribunal rejected and which the Judge also rejected.

64 In our view, this was not an appropriate case for the Judge to reopen the
Tribunal’s finding that the Concluding Agreement was valid and enforceable.
The Tribunal did not ignore palpable and indisputable illegality (as the Beth
Din did in _Soleimany_). The Concluding Agreement does not, on its face,
suggest that the Appellant was required to do anything other than to receive
evidence of the withdrawal and/or discontinuance and/or termination of “the
Criminal Proceedings” (as defined in cl 1 of the Concluding Agreement) from
the Thai prosecution authority or other relevant authority. In itself, cl 1 of
the Concluding Agreement merely defines the date on which various obligations
on the part of the Appellant and the Respondent will be triggered (_eg_ , the
Appellant’s obligation to pay the Agreed Final Settlement Amount pursuant to
cll 2 and 3, and the Respondent’s obligation to terminate the Arbitration
pursuant to cl 5.1). It does not suggest, much less require, the doing of any
illegal act by either the Appellant or the Respondent to trigger each other’s
obligations. Furthermore, the Tribunal found that as a matter of Thai law, it
was not possible for the Appellant to withdraw, discontinue or terminate the
Forgery Charges, and that _the Respondent was aware of this (through the
objections of its Thai lawyers) when it signed the Concluding Agreement_ (see
especially para 107 of the Interim Award).[note: 18] It was for this reason
that the Tribunal found as a fact that the Appellant could not have agreed to
do something that was impossible under Thai law, and held that the Concluding
Agreement could reasonably be interpreted in that light. Hence, there was no
mutual intention that the Appellant would be required to withdraw, discontinue
or terminate the Forgery Charges as that simply could not be done under Thai
law. In short, this case is not a _Soleimany_ -type case involving an
underlying contract clearly tainted by illegality, but a _Westacre (CA)_ or
_OTV_ -type case, where the respective arbitral tribunals found that the
underlying contracts in question did not involve the giving of bribes to, but
merely the lobbying of, government officials, which lobbying was not contrary
to English public policy (_ie_ , the public policy of the Enforcing State).

65 In our view, the Judge was not entitled to reject the Tribunal’s findings
and substitute his own findings for them. On the facts of this case, s 19B(1)
of the IAA calls for the court to give deference to the factual findings of
the Tribunal. The policy of the IAA is to treat IAA awards in the same way as
it treats foreign arbitral awards where public policy objections to arbitral
awards are concerned, even though, in the case of IAA awards, the seat of the
arbitration is Singapore and the governing law of the arbitration is Singapore
law. Arbitration under the IAA is international arbitration, and not domestic
arbitration. That is why s 19B(1) provides that an IAA award is final and
binding on the parties, subject only to narrow grounds for curial
intervention. This means that findings of fact made in an IAA award are
binding on the parties and cannot be reopened except where there is fraud,
breach of natural justice or some other recognised vitiating factor.

66 In this connection, we would reiterate the point which this court made in
_PT Asuransi Jasa_ at [53]–[57], _viz_ , that even if an arbitral tribunal’s
findings of law and/or fact are wrong, such errors would not _per se_ engage
the public policy of Singapore. In particular, we would draw attention to the
following passage from [57] of that judgment:

… [T]he [IAA] … gives primacy to the autonomy of arbitral proceedings and
limits court intervention to only the prescribed situations. The legislative
policy under the [IAA] is to minimise curial intervention in international
arbitrations. Errors of law or fact made in an arbitral decision, _per se_ ,
are final and binding on the parties and may not be appealed against or set
aside by a court except in the situations prescribed under s 24 of the [IAA]
and Art 34 of the Model Law. While we accept that an arbitral award is final
and binding on the parties under s 19B of the [IAA], we are of the view that
_the [IAA] will be internally inconsistent if the public policy provision in
Art 34 of the Model Law is construed to enlarge the scope of curial
intervention to set aside errors of law or fact. For consistency, such errors
may be set aside only if they are outside the scope of the submission to
arbitration. In the present context, errors of law or fact_ , per se _, do not
engage the public policy of Singapore under Art 34(2)(b)(ii) of the Model Law
when they cannot be set aside under Art 34(2)(a)(iii) of the Model Law_.
[emphasis added]

This passage recognises the reality that where an arbitral tribunal has
jurisdiction to decide any issue of fact and/or law, it may decide the issue
correctly or incorrectly. Unless its decision or decision-making process is
tainted by fraud, breach of natural justice or any other vitiating factor, any
errors made by an arbitral tribunal are not _per se_ contrary to public
policy.

67 That said, since s 19B(4) of the IAA, read with Art 34(2)(b)(ii) of the
Model Law, expressly provides that an arbitral award can be challenged on
public policy grounds, it is necessary for us to clarify the application of
the general principle laid down in _PT Asuransi Jasa_ (at [57]) that “errors
of law or fact, _per se_ , do not engage the public policy of Singapore”. It
is a question of law what the public policy of Singapore is. An arbitral award
can be set aside if the arbitral tribunal makes an error of _law_ in this
regard, as expressly provided by s 19B(4) of the IAA, read with Art
34(2)(b)(ii) of the Model Law. Thus, in the present case, if the Concluding
Agreement had been governed by Thai law instead of Singapore law, and if the
Tribunal had held that the agreement was indeed illegal under Thai law (as the
Respondent alleged) _but could nonetheless be enforced in Singapore because it
was not contrary to Singapore’s public policy_ , this finding – _viz_ , that
it was not against the public policy of Singapore to enforce an agreement
which was illegal under its governing law – would be a finding of law which,
if it were erroneous, could be set aside under Art 34(2)(b)(ii) of the Model
Law (read with s 19B(4) of the IAA).

68 In contrast, Art 34(2)(b)(ii) of the Model Law does not apply to errors of
_fact_. As Colman J said in _Westacre (HC)_ (at 769E–F) _vis-à-vis_ errors of
fact in arbitral awards:

In so far as [the issue referred to arbitration] involves [the] determination
of questions of fact, that is an everyday feature of international
arbitration. _The opportunity for erroneous and uncorrectable findings of fact
arises in all international arbitration_. [emphasis added]

In a similar vein, Quentin Loh JC pointed out at [24] of _Strandore Invest A/S
and others v Soh Kim Wat_ [2010] SGHC 151 (which concerned an application
under s 29(1) of the IAA for leave to enforce a Danish arbitral award in
Singapore):

It is worth remembering that just as parties who have chosen arbitration must
live with their arbitrator, ‘good, bad or indifferent,’ our courts may be
called upon to enforce ‘bad’ awards from another jurisdiction.

69 In our view, limiting the application of the public policy objection in Art
34(2)(b)(ii) of the Model Law to findings of _law_ made by an arbitral
tribunal – to the _exclusion_ of findings of _fact_ (save for the exceptions
outlined at [65] above) – would be consistent with the legislative objective
of the IAA that, as far as possible, the international arbitration regime
should exist as an autonomous system of private dispute resolution to meet the
needs of the international business community. Further, such an approach would
also be fair to both the successful party and the losing party in an
arbitration. Taking the present case as an example, we have held that the
Respondent is bound by the Tribunal’s factual finding that the Concluding
Agreement did not require the Appellant to do anything illegal under Thai law
and was therefore not an illegal contract. If the Tribunal had made the
converse finding of fact instead – _ie_ , if the Tribunal had found as a fact
that the Concluding Agreement did indeed require the Appellant to engage in
illegal conduct in Thailand and was therefore an illegal contract – and if the
Tribunal had erred in this regard, the Appellant would equally have been bound
by this finding as it would have no recourse under the IAA (read together with
the Model Law) against such an error of fact.

70 To summarise our ruling on Issue (a), the Tribunal’s findings in the
present case as to the intention of the Appellant and the Respondent when they
signed the Concluding Agreement, which intention was reflected in cl 1
thereof, are findings of fact which are not correctable as they are final and
binding on both parties. Public policy, based on the alleged illegality of the
Concluding Agreement, was not engaged by such findings of fact. Hence, the
Judge should not have reopened the Tribunal’s findings.

71 Before we conclude our discussion of Issue (a), there is one other point
which we wish to make. This concerns the High Court case of _Rockeby biomed
Ltd v Alpha Advisory Pte Ltd_ [2011] SGHC 155 (“ _Rockeby_ ”), which, like the
present case, involved an application to set aside an IAA award on the basis
of illegality in the underlying contract. The arbitral award in that case
stemmed from a consultancy agreement under which the plaintiff was to advise
the defendant on its plan to secure a listing on Singapore’s stock exchange.
In the arbitration, the plaintiff claimed various sums allegedly owed by the
defendant under the consultancy agreement. The defendant resisted the claim on
the ground that the plaintiff was not exempt from the licensing requirements
set out in Pt IV of the Securities and Futures Act (Cap 289, 2006 Rev Ed) as
the advice given by him did not meet the criterion of being “advice [that was]
not specifically given for the making of any offer of securities to the public
by the accredited investor to whom the advice was given” (see para
7(1)(_b_)(i) of the Second Schedule to the Securities and Futures (Licensing
and Conduct of Business) Regulations (Cap 289, Rg 10, 2004 Rev Ed)).
Accordingly, the defendant contended, the plaintiff was an unlicensed
financial advisor and, therefore, the consultancy agreement was illegal as
well as null and void. The arbitrator ruled against the defendant on both
counts. The defendant then applied to the High Court to set aside the arbitral
award on the basis that it offended the public policy of Singapore as it
upheld an illegal contract. In dealing with the defendant’s application, the
court cited the HC Judgment with approval and adopted the same approach as
that of the Judge, stating that “[i]n deciding the issue of illegality, [it]
ha[d] the power to examine the facts of the case afresh” (see [19] of
_Rockeby_). This is _inconsistent_ with the approach which we have set out in
this judgment.

Issue (b): Whether the Judge was correct in finding that the Concluding
Agreement was illegal

72 Although we have found (_vis-à-vis_ Issue (a)) that the public policy of
Singapore was not engaged in the present case and that this was therefore an
inappropriate case for the Judge to reopen the Tribunal’s findings, we will
now consider, for the sake of completeness, Issue (b), _viz_ , whether the
Judge was correct in holding – contrary to the Tribunal’s finding – that the
Concluding Agreement was illegal.

73 As we mentioned earlier (at, _inter alia_ , [63] above), the Judge
interpreted the Concluding Agreement as requiring the Appellant to take action
to stop the prosecution of the Forgery Charges (which were non-compoundable
under Thai law) and, on this basis, held that the agreement was illegal. In
our view, this interpretation is, with respect, not justified for the
following reasons. First, the Judge interpreted the Concluding Agreement
(which was not illegal on its face) on the basis that “agreements of an
illegal nature [were] unlikely to be expressly stated[;] [i]nferences ha[d] to
be made from the surrounding circumstances” (see [46] of the HC Judgment).
This is tantamount to assuming a fact which has yet to be proved. Second, none
of the provisions of the Concluding Agreement required the Appellant to take
any unlawful action to stop the Thai criminal proceedings. In particular, cl 1
merely referred to the Appellant receiving evidence from the Thai prosecution
authority (or other relevant authority) of the withdrawal and/or
discontinuation and/or termination of those proceedings. Third, the Judge
relied on the draft cl 5 (as defined at [24] above) as evidence of the
parties’ agreement to achieve an illegal purpose when the very fact that that
provision was subsequently discarded would suggest the contrary. In any case,
although the draft cl 5 expressly stated that as a condition precedent to the
performance of each party’s obligations, the Appellant was to “take such
action as [was] necessary to withdraw and/or discontinue certain criminal
proceedings … filed … by [the Appellant] against [Q], [P] and [O] with [the
Thai prosecution authority]”,[note: 19] it did not necessarily follow that the
action which the Appellant had to take would invariably involve some kind of
unlawful action. As mentioned earlier, the Respondent’s allegation that the
Appellant had procured the issue of the Non-Prosecution Order by bribery was
rejected by the Tribunal, and this finding was affirmed by the Judge (see [25]
above). Fourth, the Judge failed to consider that there was no reason for the
Respondent to have entered into an illegal agreement as it would surely have
wanted to be paid the Agreed Final Settlement Amount of US$470,000: why should
the Respondent have taken the risk of entering into an agreement which the
Appellant could have resiled from at any time on the ground of illegality?

74 The Appellant submitted that the Concluding Agreement was clearly a valid
and legal commercial agreement between the parties, with each party trying to
secure for itself the best deal out of the disputes which they had referred to
arbitration. We would agree to the extent that the Concluding Agreement did
not state anything which was illegal on its face. We would add that the
Respondent’s conduct in demanding payment of the Agreed Final Settlement
Amount before subsequently raising the alleged illegality of the Concluding
Agreement may be evidence of bad faith on the Respondent’s part and indicates
that the Respondent may have invoked illegality to set aside the Interim Award
as an afterthought.

Conclusion

75 For the reasons given above, we hold that the Judge erred in reopening the
Tribunal’s finding of fact that the Concluding Agreement “[did] not suggest
whatsoever that the … [a]greement was for an illegal purpose or that some
illegal acts would be performed by the [Appellant]”[note: 20] and, for that
reason, was not an illegal contract under either Singapore law or Thai law. No
issue of public policy arose that entitled the Respondent to invoke Art
34(2)(b)(ii) of the Model Law (read with s 19B(4) of the IAA). The Judge also
erred in fact in ruling that the Concluding Agreement was illegal.

76 Accordingly, we allow this appeal with costs here and below as well as the
usual consequential orders.

* * *

[note: 1]See the Core Bundle of Documents filed on 30 September 2010 (“CB”) at
vol 2, pp 101–110.

[note: 2]_Id_ at vol 2, pp 184–206.

[note: 3]_Id_ at vol 2, p 199.

[note: 4]_Id_ at vol 2, p 81 and pp 141–145.

[note: 5]_Id_ at vol 2, p 102.

[note: 6]_Ibid_.

[note: 7]See CB at vol 2, p 103.

[note: 8]_Id_ at vol 2, pp 146–148.

[note: 9]_Id_ at vol 2, p 112.

[note: 10]_Ibid_.

[note: 11]See CB at vol 2, p 116.

[note: 12]_Id_ at vol 2, p 117.

[note: 13]_Id_ at vol 2, pp 118–119.

[note: 14]_Id_ at vol 2, pp 78–79.

[note: 15]_Id_ at vol 2, p 79.

[note: 16]_Id_ at vol 2, pp 67–71.

[note: 17]See para 21 of the Respondent’s written submissions dated 27 April
2010 for OS 230/2010 (at CB vol 2, p 249).

[note: 18]See CB at vol 2, p 69.

[note: 19]_Id_ at vol 2, p 94.

[note: 20]See para 110 of the Interim Award (at CB vol 2, p 70).

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 22 Aug 2011 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

