Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Coöperatieve Centrale Raiffeisen-Boerenleenbank BA (trading as Rabobank
International, Singapore Branch) _v_ Jurong Technologies Industrial Corp Ltd
(under judicial management)  
[2011] SGCA 48

Case Number| :| Civil Appeal No 5 of 2011  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 16 September 2011  
Tribunal/Court| :| Court of Appeal  
Coram| :|  Chan Sek Keong CJ; Andrew Phang Boon Leong JA; V K Rajah JA  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Gregory Vijayendran, Sheela Kumari Devi and Charmaine Neo
(Rajah & Tann LLP) for the appellant; Sarjit Singh Gill SC, Pradeep Pillai and
Zhang Xiaowei (Shook Lin & Bok LLP) for the respondent.  
Parties| :|  Coöperatieve Centrale Raiffeisen-Boerenleenbank BA (trading as
Rabobank International, Singapore Branch) — Jurong Technologies Industrial
Corp Ltd (under judicial management)  
  
[LawNet Editorial Note: The decision from which this appeal arose is reported
at [2011] 2 SLR 413.]

16 September 2011| Judgment reserved.  
---|---  
  
Chan Sek Keong CJ (delivering the judgment of the court):

Introduction

1 This is an appeal by Coöperatieve Centrale Raiffeisen-Boerenleenbank BA,
trading as Rabobank International, Singapore Branch (“Rabobank”) against the
decision of the trial judge (“the Judge”) in setting aside a total payment of
US$2,775,149.37 made by Jurong Technologies Industrial Corporation Ltd (under
judicial management) (“JTIC”) to Rabobank on 22 December 2008 ( “the Payment”)
on the ground that it was an unfair preference under s 227T of the Companies
Act (Cap 50, 2006 Rev Ed) (“CA”), read with s 99 of the Bankruptcy Act (Cap
20, 2000 Rev Ed) (“BA”) (see _Jurong Technologies Industrial Corp Ltd (under
judicial management) v Coöperatieve Centrale Raiffeisen-Boerenleenbank BA
(trading as Rabobank International, Singapore Branch_) [2011] 2 SLR 413 (“the
GD”)).

Background facts

2 The background facts of this case are as follows. JTIC was an investment
holding company which carried on the business of providing electronic
manufacturing services (“EMS”) through wholly-owned operating subsidiaries.
Its principal operating subsidiary was Jurong Hi-Tech Industries Pte Ltd
(under judicial management) (“JHTI”). Most of the business operations of JTIC
and JHTI (collectively, “the Companies”) were carried out by JHTI.

3 JTIC’s business activities were financed by loans from Rabobank and other
banks (“Creditor Banks”), which included ABN AMRO Bank NV (“ABN-AMRO”), Bank
of Tokyo-Mitsubishi UFJ (“BTMU”), KBC Bank NV (“KBC”), DBS Bank Ltd (“DBS”),
Malayan Banking Berhad (“Maybank”), Oversea-Chinese Banking Corporation Ltd
(“OCBC”), RHB Bank Berhad (“RHB”) and United Overseas Bank Ltd (“UOB”). All
the bank facilities, including those granted by Rabobank to the Companies,
were unsecured, but each Creditor Bank was given a negative pledge and a _pari
passu_ undertaking. Except for BTMU, Maybank and RHB, which had granted
facilities solely to JTIC, all the other Creditor Banks granted facilities to
the Companies jointly and severally.

4 Rabobank was not the first Creditor Bank to grant facilities to the
Companies. When it first offered credit facilities to the Companies, initially
of up to US$13m to JTIC in September 2004, the Companies had already given
their existing Creditor Banks negative charges and _pari passu_ undertakings
with respect to the unsecured facilities. Rabobank agreed to grant facilities
on the same terms. Additionally, Rabobank also granted receivables financing
of up to US$20m under a Master Receivables Purchase Agreement on 15 February
2007 (“the MRPA”).

5 When Ms Joyce Lin Li Fang (“Ms Lin”), a founding member of JTIC and a
director since 26 April 1986, and also a director of JHTI since 26 August
2003, was appointed Chairman of JTIC in March 2006, she began to be concerned
with the level of the Companies’ debts to the Creditor Banks. Sometime in
April or May 2008, Ms Lin made a presentation to DBS of the Companies’
financial position and told DBS that some of the Companies’ assets could be
“monetised”, _ie_ , sold, to reduce the Companies’ loans. These assets
included the Companies’ EMS business, shares in MAP Technology Holdings
Limited (“MAP”) and shares in Min Aik Technology Co Ltd (“the Min Aik
Shares”). From September 2008 to November 2008, the other Creditor Banks,
including Sumitomo Mitsui Banking Corporation, were also informed of the
possible sale of these assets.

6 By 30 June 2008, the Companies’ total borrowings had reached the level of
S$340m, of which about S$87m was owing to DBS, S$70m to UOB, S$60m to OCBC and
the remainder to the other Creditor Banks. In July 2008, JHTI deposited with
ABN-AMRO at its request 18.6m of the MAP shares which it (JHTI) held. They
were subsequently released to JHTI for conversion into scripless shares. JHTI
acquired more MAP shares, bringing its total investment to 74,411,620 MAP
shares (slightly below 20% of the paid-up capital of MAP). Between August and
October 2008, ABN-AMRO requested that the 74,411,620 MAP shares (“the MAP
Shares”) be put in a custodian account with it. The October 2008 request was
made as a “non-negotiable condition” for ABN-AMRO to refrain from recalling
its facilities. JHTI refused to do so for the reason that, as stated by Dr
Chung Siang Joon (“Dr Chung”), JTIC’s executive director of finance, “this can
trigger off and become a risk factor should the other [Creditor] Banks come to
learn about it”. He pleaded for support: “I do hope you can understand my
difficulty and obligation to the other [Creditor] Banks”.

7 From September 2008 onwards, the Companies encountered significant financial
difficulties, due primarily to the global recession and credit crunch, which
had resulted in reduced orders from their customers. During this period, the
Companies’ trade creditors were chasing for payment of their debts, and so
were all the Creditor Banks. The Companies could only make payments in the
ordinary course of business from trade receivables or by drawing on credit
lines. The Companies continued to promise the Creditor Banks that they would
pay their loans and facilities from the proceeds of sale of the MAP Shares,
the Min Aik Shares and the EMS business. Although the Companies were
defaulting in the payment of debts due to the Creditor Banks, they continued
to roll over the debts. The Creditor Banks really had no choice but to wait
for the Companies to sell their assets in order to pay their debts to the
Creditor Banks.

8 On 11 September 2008, Rabobank requested that the Companies reduce the
amount of invoices sent for discounting to avoid exceeding the MRPA’s limit of
US$20m. On 22 September 2008, Rabobank’s relationship manager, Mr Richard Lee
Seow Hong (“Mr Lee”), informed Ms Lin that the bank wished to exit from
financing non-core markets (_ie_ , the telecommunications and electronics
sectors) and to end its relationship with the Companies in an orderly fashion.
Ms Lin then requested that Rabobank reduce or cancel the banking facilities
gradually and allow the Companies to pay according to the maturity dates of
those facilities. After the limit was reached by the end of September 2008, no
further invoices were sent to Rabobank for discounting.

9 The Companies first defaulted on their facilities with Rabobank on 7 October
2008, when they failed to pay over receivables that were due to be paid by
Motorola Electronics (“Motorola”) to JHTI on that date. Besides this, JHTI
failed to make payment on other amounts, including invoices under the MRPA
facility and trade bills which had fallen due for payment in early October
2008. When the Companies failed to settle trust receipts which were due on 16
October 2008, Rabobank force-debited JHTI’s current account, causing it to be
overdrawn.

10 Sometime in November 2008, Mr Lee asked Ms Lin whether the MAP Shares could
be placed in an escrow account with Rabobank, but Ms Lin said that this could
not be done and that the loans due to Rabobank could be repaid instead from
the sale proceeds of the Min Aik Shares. Later that month, Mr Lee told Ms Lin
that Rabobank wanted the Min Aik Shares to be placed in an escrow account with
it to ensure that the sale proceeds of those shares would be paid to it.

11 On 17 November 2008, Rabobank demanded from JHTI payment of the unpaid
receivables under the MRPA facility. On 25 November 2008, Ms Lin signed and
issued a letter of undertaking to set up an escrow account with Rabobank to
hold the Min Aik Shares and to credit the sale proceeds of the Min Aik Shares
directly to the escrow account. However, the escrow account was not set up,
nor were the Min Aik Shares deposited with Rabobank. In November and December
2008, Mr Lee sent numerous e-mails and made various telephone calls to the
Companies’ officers to ask them to sell the Min Aik Shares and remit the
proceeds to Rabobank. There were also meetings between Rabobank and the
Companies where the bank made the same demands.

12 On 14 October 2008 JTIC signed a non-binding term sheet with Global
Emerging Markets (“GEM”) to sell part of JTIC’s EMS business (“the GEM Deal”).
The announcement made by JTIC the next day on the Singapore Exchange was as
follows:

The Board of Directors of [JTIC] wishes to announce that [JTIC] has received
and signed a non-binding term sheet with [GEM] … pursuant to which GEM,
together with various investors … have proposed the formation of a special
purpose vehicle… to acquire a significant interest in selected electronic
manufacturing services businesses and assets … for cash consideration.

Shareholders should note that the Proposed Disposal will be subject to, _inter
alia_ , the negotiation and execution of definitive agreements and the conduct
of a due diligence ...

The Creditor Banks were informed that the GEM Deal could bring in as much as
US$160m. Two officers from GEM had visited Singapore in October 2008 to
evaluate the deal, and KPMG was to conduct the necessary due diligence in
January 2009.

13 During this period, the Companies were in default in paying certain short-
term loans given by DBS, which continuously pressed for payment by the
deadline of 14 November 2008 from the proceeds of sale of the MAP Shares, as
Ms Lin had promised. On 13 November 2008, at a meeting with DBS, Ms Lin signed
a security document which created a charge on the MAP Shares in favour of DBS
(“the Charge”). The security document was fully executed on 17 November 2008\.
The validity of the Charge as an unfair preference has been considered in the
judgment of the High Court reported in _Tam Chee Chong and another v DBS Bank
Ltd_ [2011] 2 SLR 310 and the judgment of this court in Civil Appeal No 230 of
2010 (see _DBS Bank Ltd v Tam Chee Chong and another (judicial managers of
Jurong Hi-Tech Industries Pte Ltd (under judicial management))_ [2011] SGCA 47
(“ _DBS Bank v Tam Chee Chong_ ”)).

14 On 8 December 2008, JTIC made a public announcement that its audit
committee had commenced an investigation into alleged irregularities in the
administration of the receivables financing facilities extended by Rabobank
and OCBC to the Companies. On 9 December 2008, KordaMentha Pte Ltd, JTIC’s
financial advisers, called a meeting of all the Creditor Banks and informed
them of JTIC’s outstanding debts. On 10 December 2008, DBS registered the
particulars of the Charge with the Accounting and Corporate Regulatory
Authority. By the end of December 2008, the Companies had received letters of
demand from KBC (on 7 November 2008), Maybank (on 2 and 22 December 2008),
ABN-AMRO (on 18 December 2008), OCBC (on 26 December 2008) and BTMU (on 29
December 2008). Additionally, the Companies had also received letters of
demand from their trade creditors, some of whom had filed actions in court as
early as 12 December 2008 to recover their debts.

15 In the meantime, JTIC was making preparations to sell the Min Aik Shares,
the proceeds of which Rabobank continued to make demands for. On 17 December
2008, Rabobank sent a letter to the Companies which demanded the payment of
US$2m and S$0.8m within five business days, and reserved the right to demand
payment of other debts of US$12.3m and S$10.9m. On the same day, Mr Lee
continued to press for the immediate sale of the Min Aik Shares. On 18
December 2008 and 7 January 2009, JTIC sold the Min Aik Shares for a total of
US$2,819,093.03, part of which, _ie_ , the Payment, was remitted to Rabobank
on 22 December 2008 in two tranches. By way of a letter dated 26 December
2008, Rabobank informed JTIC that the Payment had been set off against the
moneys due and owing by the latter.

16 On 19 January 2009, DBS applied to court to place JHTI under judicial
management. Subsequently, four Creditor Banks (not including Rabobank) applied
to court on 3 February 2009 to place JTIC under judicial management. These
applications were granted by the Judge on 20 February 2009.

17 On 29 June 2009, JTIC applied to recover the Payment from Rabobank on the
ground that it was an undue preference under s 227T of the CA, read with s 99
of the BA.

18 JTIC’s case was that it had been influenced in deciding to make the Payment
to Rabobank by a desire to produce the effect of putting Rabobank in a
position which, in the event of JTIC’s insolvency, would be better than the
position that Rabobank would have been in if the Payment had not been made.

19 Rabobank took the position that:

(a) JTIC did not possess the requisite state of mind envisaged under the
unfair preference regime as it did not know that it was actually or imminently
insolvent at the material time.

(b) JTIC had not proved that it had, at the material time, the requisite
desire to improve Rabobank’s position in the event of its (JTIC’s) insolvency.
Furthermore, even if JTIC had possessed the requisite desire, this desire was
not operative in its mind in making the decision to make the Payment; rather,
the Payment was made in response to the commercial pressure exerted by
Rabobank on JTIC’s management for the repayment of its facilities.

20 In a reserved judgment delivered on 9 December 2010 (_ie_ , the GD), the
Judge allowed JTIC’s application, holding that:

(a) the Payment was an unfair preference under s 227T of the CA, read with s
99 of the BA (“Finding (a)”);

(b) JTIC was insolvent on the basis of the balance sheet test and the
liquidity test at the time when it made the Payment; and

(c) JTIC’s directors knew that the company was facing imminent liquidation by
22 December 2008 (the date on which the Payment was made) as it had already
received letters of demand from KBC, Maybank, ABN-AMRO and various trade
creditors, which letters of demand had not been fully met (“Finding (c)”).

The Judge’s findings

21 In respect of Finding (a), the Judge said at [41]–[44] of the GD:

41 It was Ms Lin’s clear evidence given on behalf of [JTIC] that she had
agreed to pay the proceeds of the sale of the Min Aik Shares to [Rabobank] as
she had felt that [Rabobank] had been supportive of the Companies. Despite her
initial concern that Rabobank would terminate the banking facilities extended
to [JTIC] and demand immediate repayment, [Rabobank] had continued to finance
the Companies and allowed for gradual reduction of the facilities.

42 Ms Lin’s subjective view that [Rabobank] had been supportive of the
Companies is also objectively borne out by the surrounding circumstances.
Despite the Companies’ defaults, [Rabobank] continued to invite the Companies
to roll over the term loans and refrained from withdrawing the facilities,
even assuring [JTIC] that it would exit the relationship gradually in an
orderly and responsible fashion. According to [Mr] Lee’s evidence on cross-
examination, the First Letter was either a “friendly” letter of demand, or
even “not a letter of demand”. Even if [Rabobank] had indeed intended it to be
a letter of demand, doubts were raised as to whether [JTIC] ever received it.
Furthermore, when asked on cross-examination whether [Rabobank’s] conduct
could reasonably be viewed as supportive, [Mr] Lee agreed that it could be so
construed.

43 Not only was it clear that [Rabobank’s] treatment of [JTIC] in the midst of
its financial difficulties was less threatening than the treatment by most of
its other [Creditor Banks], it was also clear that [JTIC] had treated
[Rabobank] more favourably. Even though the Companies had informed all their
creditors in various presentations that they would be raising funds to repay
or reduce their outstanding loans through the sale of the EMS business, the
MAP Shares and the Min Aik Shares, [JTIC] chose to pay the proceeds from the
sale of the Min Aik Shares to [Rabobank] alone. This is despite the fact that
the other [Creditor Banks] were also pressing for repayment from the
Companies. In fact, the other [Creditor Banks] had served formal letters of
demand on [JTIC], threatening to cancel the facilities forthwith. Moreover,
the knowledge that the payment of the sale proceeds of the Min Aik Shares to
[Rabobank] would have caused [JTIC] to be in breach of its obligations under
the negative pledge and _pari passu_ clauses in the facilities with the other
[Creditor Banks] did not deter [JTIC] from making the Payment.

44 All these indicate that the decision to make the Payment was influenced by
[JTIC’s] subjective desire to prefer [Rabobank] in the event of the former’s
insolvency by putting the latter in a better position than it would be in if
the Payment was not made. [Rabobank] maintained, however, that whatever desire
[JTIC] had to prefer [Rabobank] was vitiated by the pressure that it had
placed on [JTIC] to repay.

22 On the question of whether JTIC’s desire to prefer Rabobank was vitiated by
the pressure put on it by Rabobank, the Judge was of the view that commercial
pressure could provide a good defence to a claim of unfair preference, but
that (at [48] of the GD):

48 … in my view, there must be a limit to the defence of pressure exerted by
creditors. In _Insolvency_ vol 2 (Peter Totty and Gabriel Moss QC ed) (Sweet &
Maxwell, Looseleaf Ed, 1986, August 2008 release) at para H4-08, it was
suggested that the limit is provided by a reference to commercial purpose.
Thus, in circumstances where the directors of a debtor company bow to creditor
pressure in order to act in the commercial interests of the company as a
viable going concern, _ie_ , for “proper commercial considerations” (see _Re
[MC] Bacon_ ... at 336 and _Re Fairway Magazines Ltd; Fairbairn v Hartigan_
[1993] BCLC 643 at 649), the requisite desire will not be established.
_Conversely, if there is no commercial benefit to the company at all in paying
any creditor, then the court should be extremely slow to find that pressure
from the creditor is a defence to the claim of unfair preference_. [emphasis
added]

23 In respect of Finding (c), the Judge said at [32] of the GD:

32 ... In [_Amrae Benchuan Trading Pte Ltd (in liquidation) v Tan Te Teck
Gregory_ [2006] 4 SLR(R) 969 ], Menon JC was of the view (at [56]) that the
lack of knowledge or expectation on the part of the company’s controllers that
it would be wound up imminently, coupled with the fact that the impugned
transaction had occurred “a little less than two years before a petition for
the winding up of the plaintiff was in fact presented”, _pointed away from the
probability_ that those making the payment were doing so with the relevant
desire. In other words, lack of knowledge of the company’s imminent winding up
could be one factor to be considered in deciding whether the statutory
presumption has been rebutted. I find nothing in his judgment that makes
knowledge of the company’s imminent winding up a _requirement_ to be satisfied
in order for an unfair preference to be made out. If, however, that was the
intended effect of Menon JC’s judgment, I respectfully differ. [emphasis in
original]

The law on unfair preference

24 Before we consider the parties’ arguments on the issues canvassed in this
appeal, we set out below the principles of law applicable to unfair
preferences under s 227T of the CA, read with s 99 of the BA, which we have
summarised in our judgment in _DBS Bank v Tam Chee Chong_. These principles
restate the law as enunciated by Millett J in _Re MC Bacon Ltd_ [1990] BCLC
324 (“ _MC Bacon_ ”), a judgment which has been approved and followed in a
number of decisions of the Singapore courts. They are as follows:

(a) The test is not whether there is a dominant intention to prefer, but
whether the debtor’s decision was influenced by a desire to prefer the
creditor.

(b) The court will look at the desire (a subjective state of mind) of the
debtor to determine whether it had positively wished to improve the creditor’s
position in the event of its own solvent liquidation.

(c) The requisite desire may be proved by direct evidence or its existence may
be inferred from the existing circumstances of the case.

(d) It is sufficient that the desire to prefer is one of the factors which
influenced the decision to enter into the transaction; it need not be the sole
or decisive factor.

(e) A transaction which is actuated by proper commercial considerations may
not constitute a voidable preference. A genuine belief in the existence of a
proper commercial consideration may be sufficient even if, objectively, such a
belief might not be sustainable.

25 In this appeal, Rabobank has not raised the issue as to whether an unfair
preference is a void, as distinguished from a voidable, transaction under s
227T(1) of the CA: see s 329 of the CA. We assume that this omission was a
deliberate decision by reason of the fact that the former Bankruptcy Act (Cap
20, 1985 Rev Ed), which had created such a distinction, was repealed on 15
July 1995 by the new Bankruptcy Act No 15 of 1995 on the same day that the
then equivalent of s 329 of the CA was amended to refer expressly to, _inter
alia_ , the then equivalent of s 99 of the BA. In other words, the retention
of the distinction in s 329 between a void transaction and a voidable one was
a drafting oversight (see the apt comments of Lim Teong Qwee JC in _Buildspeed
Construction Pte Ltd (in liquidation) v Theme Corp Pte Ltd and another_ [2000]
1 SLR(R) 287 at [50]–[52] and also our decision in _DBS Bank v Tam Chee Chong_
at [15]–[17]).

The issues in this appeal

26 The main issue in this appeal is whether the finding of the Judge that
JTIC, in deciding to make or in making the Payment, was influenced by the
desire to prefer Rabobank to the other Creditor Banks is correct. The sub-
issues arising in this appeal are:

(a) whether the Judge erred in holding that JTIC was not required to prove
that its controllers had knowledge of its actual or imminent insolvency at the
material time (“Sub-Issue (a)”);

(b) whether the time at which the existence and influence of the requisite
desire is to be determined is the time when the alleged preference was
actually granted, or the time when the decision to grant the alleged
preference was made (“Sub-Issue (b)”); and

(c) whether the Judge erred in holding that JTIC was influenced by the
requisite desire in deciding to make the Payment to Rabobank when the
preponderance of evidence showed that Rabobank had applied pressure on JTIC to
repay its facilities (“Sub-Issue (c)”).

Our decision on the sub-issues raised in this appeal

27 We shall consider, first, the sub-issues of law (_ie_ , Sub-Issue (a) and
Sub-Issue (b)) for the reason that it is Rabobank’s case that its submissions
on these sub-issues, if accepted by this court, would negative any argument by
JTIC that it had, at the material time, the desire to prefer Rabobank, which
decision had influenced its decision to make or its making of the Payment.

Sub-Issue (a): Knowledge of the prospect of insolvency

Whether it is a legal requirement

28 Rabobank’s argument before this court on Sub-Issue (a) is a reiteration of
the argument which the Judge rejected. The argument is that knowledge by the
company giving the alleged preference (referred to hereafter as “the debtor”
for convenience) of its impending or actual insolvency at the material time is
a legal requirement which must be established in all claims of unfair
preference by reason of the phrase “in the event of the [debtor’s insolvency]”
in s 99(3)(_b_) of the BA. According to Rabobank, s 99(4), read together with
s 99(3)(_b_), requires that the decision to enter into the transaction must
have been influenced by a desire to produce the relevant effect. It is argued
that the rationale is that knowledge of the debtor’s impending or actual
insolvency will apprise the debtor’s directors that because of the
insufficiency of the debtor’s assets, the effect of the transaction would be
to prefer the creditor. Reference was made to the decisions in _Re Beacon
Leisure Ltd_ [1992] BCLC 565 and _Amrae Benchuan Trading Pte Ltd (in
liquidation) v Tan Te Teck Gregory_ [2006] 4 SLR(R) 969, where the lack of
knowledge of the debtor’s directors was the key reason, or one of the reasons,
for the court’s finding that the statutory presumption of a desire to prefer
had been rebutted.

29 Counsel for Rabobank also contends that the trilogy of cases relied on by
the Judge, _viz_ , _Katz & Ors v McNally & Ors_ [1999] BCC 291, _Wills and
another v Corfe Joinery Ltd (in liq)_ [1998] 2 BCLC 75 (“ _Wills v Corfe
Joinery_ ”) and _Re Libra Industries Pte Ltd (in compulsory liquidation)_
[1999] 3 SLR(R) 205, are distinguishable in that they involved the operation
of the statutory presumption of a desire to prefer; therefore, proof of
knowledge on the part of the debtor would have been unnecessary in those
cases. Counsel pointed out that in the two cases which did not involve
associates (and which therefore did not involve the aforesaid statutory
presumption), _viz_ , _Re Living Images Ltd_ [1996] BCC 112 and _Re Agriplant
Services Ltd_ [1997] BCC 842 (which the Judge also cited), it was held that
the debtor’s knowledge of its imminent insolvency was “instrumental” in
proving the requisite desire.

30 This argument was rejected by the Judge at the following passages of the
GD:

33 ... To my mind, Wright QC in _Re Beacon Leisure_ merely found that the
statutory presumption had been rebutted by the directors’ denials, backed by
their lack of knowledge of the debtor company’s imminent winding up, that they
had the relevant desire. There was no necessity for the learned deputy judge
to make a positive finding that the directors knew of their company’s imminent
winding up because the requisite desire had been presumed against them. To my
mind, both _Re Beacon Leisure_ and _Amrae Benchuan_ ... are examples of how
the lack of knowledge of the debtor company’s insolvent state of affairs is
one of the factors that should be considered in deciding whether the statutory
presumption under s 99(5) has been rebutted, but the converse proposition,
that knowledge of the company’s winding up is required before unfair
preference is made out, has _not_ been laid down as a rule by the courts.

…

36 … In my judgment, to require the judicial manager to prove that the
company’s controllers must have known that the company was insolvent or
imminently insolvent at the material time before a transaction can be avoided
as an unfair preference would place too onerous a burden on the judicial
manager.

37 Indeed, the English Court of Appeal in _Katz & Ors v McNally & Ors_ [1999]
BCC 291 made it clear (at 296) that it is “not necessary to establish that the
directors of the company knew or believed that it was insolvent” in order to
prove unfair preference. It is sufficient that the directors were influenced
by the desire to put the creditor into a position “which in the event of the
company going into insolvent liquidation” would be a better position than if
no payment was made. In another English case, _Wills and another v Corfe
Joinery Ltd (in liq)_ [1998] 2 BCLC 75, Lloyd J held (at 79) that it is not
necessary, in order to show such desire, to demonstrate that the directors
knew that the company would go into insolvent liquidation, or when it would do
so. Lloyd J’s judgment was cited with approval by Kan Ting Chiu J in _Re Libra
Industries Pte Ltd_ [1999] 3 SLR(R) 205 at [43].

[emphasis in original]

31 We agree with the Judge’s view as set out at [36]–[37] of the GD and
disagree with counsel’s argument. The decisions involving the statutory
presumption cited by Rabobank are relevant in the present context. As pointed
out by counsel for JTIC, the statutory presumption merely reverses the burden
of proof and does not alter the substantive elements of a claim of unfair
preference. In our view, as was pointed out by Lee Eng Beng in “The Avoidance
Provisions of the Bankruptcy Act 1995 and their Application to Companies”
(1995) SJLS 597 at p 616, a literal interpretation of s 99(4) of the BA
provides that “the desire to prefer relates to the producing of the effect of
a preference and has nothing to do with knowledge of one’s own insolvency”. In
other words, s 99(4) only requires that there must be a desire on the debtor’s
part to improve the creditor’s _absolute_ position _at the time the preference
is granted_ (which would be the case if, _eg_ , the creditor obtains cash
payment or a security interest – from that point onwards, he is better off,
regardless of what happens afterwards to the debtor).

Relevance of knowledge of insolvency

32 In our view, the critical question for the court is whether or not the
relevant desire existed and influenced the debtor’s decision to enter into the
impugned transaction. An inference of the requisite desire should not be drawn
too readily from the _presence_ of knowledge of insolvency because such
knowledge _in itself_ will not be sufficient to support that inference, given
that desire is subjective in nature: see _MC Bacon_ at 335E–336A. However, it
is also possible that the relevant desire existed and influenced the debtor’s
decision despite the lack of actual knowledge, _eg_ , where the desire was to
improve the creditor’s _absolute_ position _at the time that the preference
was granted_. As Lloyd J pointed out in _Re Conegrade Ltd_ [2003] BPIR 358 at
372H, if the debtor did desire a particular result, it matters not that it
thought that bankruptcy was a remote risk.

Sub-Issue (b): The material time to determine the influence of the requisite
desire

33 _Vis-à-vis_ Sub-Issue (b), Rabobank has argued that the relevant time to
determine the existence of a desire to prefer which influenced the debtor’s
decision is either the time when the decision to give the alleged preference
was made (which would be 25 November 2008 in the present case) or the time
when the alleged preference was actually given (which would be 22 December
2008 in the present case). Rabobank does not take a view as to which should be
the correct time for the purposes of s 99(4) of the BA as its argument is that
there was no requisite desire on either date. With respect to 25 November
2008, the only Creditor Bank which had served a letter of demand as at that
date was KBC (which received US$1m subsequent to the demand). With respect to
22 December 2008, JTIC’s balance sheet as at 30 September 2008 and 31 December
2008 clearly showed that JTIC was solvent then, and its directors had signed
solvency statements to that effect. Furthermore, it is argued, the GEM Deal
was still in the pipeline at that time and was envisaged to fetch US$160m.

34 In our view, as a general principle, the relevant time to determine whether
a debtor had the requisite desire to prefer is the time when the creditor
received the preference, and not when it was promised the preference. In the
case of a promise or commitment to pay money, it is the time of payment that
is material. The reason is that the debtor may change its mind at any time
prior to making payment. In the case of a promise or commitment to create a
security, it is the time of the creation (or the first act of creation, _eg_ ,
Ms Lin signing the security document which created the Charge in the case of
_DBS Bank v Tam Chee Chong_) of the security that is relevant, unless the
execution of the security is done pursuant to a prior promise or commitment to
do so. In _MC Bacon_ , Millett J held (at 336E) that the relevant time was the
time when the decision to create the debenture in issue in that case was made
(and not the time when the debenture was actually created). However, he also
said that on the facts, it did not matter which point in time was taken as the
relevant time because if “the requisite desire was operating at all, it was
operating throughout”, _ie_ , from the time of the agreement to create the
debenture to the time of the execution of the debenture. In _Re Fairway
Magazines Ltd; Fairbairn v Hartigan_ [1993] BCLC 643 (“ _Re Fairway Magazines_
”) at 649H, Mummery J accepted Millett J’s proposition. In _Wills v Corfe
Joinery_ , Lloyd J held (at 77G–78C) that the relevant date for considering
the mental state of the debtor was the date on which the preference was
actually granted because that was the effective time when the decision to
prefer was made. In our view, it stands to reason that the critical time
cannot be the time when the decision to prefer was made unless the desire
operates throughout (as in _MC Bacon_). In a case where the debtor’s
liquidator or judicial managers may not be able to prove the requisite desire
on the date of the decision to give a preference, there is no reason why they
are prevented by the terms of s 99 of the BA from proving the existence of the
requisite desire at the date when the preference was actually granted. That
will be sufficient to establish this element of an unfair preference. In the
present case, the Payment was promised on 25 November 2008, but actually made
on 22 December 2008.

Sub-Issue (c): The commercial pressure exerted by Rabobank on JTIC

35 Rabobank’s submission on Sub-Issue (c) is that the courts have accepted
that a crucial factor which shows that the debtor was not influenced by a
desire to prefer is commercial pressure. The greater the pressure (_eg_ , if
it is backed by a threat to take action which might jeopardise the survival of
the debtor), the less likelihood there is of a desire to prefer. The rationale
is that the giving of a preference predicates an act of free will and pressure
negates free will. Reference was made to para 1256 of the Report of the Review
Committee on Insolvency Law and Practice (Cmnd 8558, 1982) (which recommended
the abolition of the requirement of a dominant intention to prefer), which
stated that genuine pressure by a creditor should continue to afford a defence
to a preference claim on the practical basis that “[t]he creditor who is
active to obtain payment of his own debt ought in principle to be allowed to
retain the fruits of his diligence. He ought not to be made to refund them for
the benefit of others who were less diligent”.

36 The Judge did not disagree with these statements as, at [46]–[47] of the
GD, he said:

46 That is not to say that commercial pressure will never provide a good
defence to a claim of unfair preference. Since Lord Mansfield’s judgment in
_Thompson and Others, Assignees of Jane Wiseman v Freeman_ (1786) [1 TR 155;]
99 ER 1026 where his Lordship held (at [157;] 1028) that:

A bankrupt when in contemplation of his bankruptcy cannot by his voluntary act
favour any one creditor; but if under fear of legal process he gives a
preference, it is evidence that he does not do it voluntarily.

It has been a principle of English law that preferential transactions entered
into because of pressure will not be set aside. In _Re [MC] Bacon_ ...,
Millett J found (at 337) that the debtor company’s decision to grant a
debenture to its bank creditor had been made as part of the directors’
decision to “continue trading in a genuine belief that the company could be
pulled round” and they had “no choice but to accede to the bank's request for
a debenture”. In _Re Ledingham-Smith (a bankrupt), ex parte the trustee of the
bankrupt v Pannell Kerr Forster (a firm)_ [1993] BCLC 635, Morritt J held (at
642) that “[i]t may be that pressure does not displace desire in the way that
it formerly displaced a dominant intention to prefer but it can certainly
affect the question of desire”.

47 In Andrew R Keay, _McPherson’s Law of Company Liquidation_ (Sweet &
Maxwell, 2nd Ed, 2009) …, it is explained (at para 11.035) that:

The reason why pressure prevents a transfer from being a voidable preference
is that a preference predicates an act of free will and pressure negatives
free will. It has been held that as long as pressure is genuine and not
fraudulent then no transfer can be regarded as a preference. It could be said
that if there is pressure then the debtor company, in granting a preference,
could not have been influenced by a desire to benefit the creditor.

...

37 Accordingly, it seems to us that what Rabobank is contending here is that
the commercial pressure in the present case was so overwhelming or
preponderant that the Judge should have inferred that JTIC could not and did
not have the requisite desire to prefer Rabobank. This is, however, a question
of fact, in respect of which the Judge has found against Rabobank on the
evidence before him, particularly, the testimony of Ms Lin that she wanted
JTIC to make the Payment because Rabobank had been good to the Companies. We
shall consider this issue later to determine whether the Judge was wrong in
making this finding of fact.

38 Rabobank has also submitted that the Judge was wrong in law to have held
(at [48] of the GD) that there must be a limit to the defence of pressure
exerted by creditors, and that that limit is provided by reference to
commercial purpose. It is submitted that a commercial purpose (or a good
commercial reason) would be a sufficient, but not a necessary, condition to
rebut a desire to prefer. We agree with this submission. However, in our view,
the Judge’s view is also the same. All that the Judge meant by his statement
(at [48] of the GD) that there must be a limit to the defence of pressure by
creditors is that, in his own words, “if there is no commercial benefit to the
[debtor] at all in paying any creditor, then the court should be extremely
slow to find that pressure from the creditor is a defence to the claim of
unfair preference” (see [48] of the GD (reproduced at [22] above)).

39 In the present case, although the Judge found as a fact that the Payment
was not made for proper commercial considerations, he did not hold that that
was, _ipso facto_ , sufficient to show that JTIC had the desire to prefer
Rabobank to the other Creditor Banks.

Whether the Payment was influenced by the requisite desire to prefer

40 Rabobank submits that the pressure which it put on JTIC to repay its
facilities was preponderant. By the time the Payment was made on 22 December
2008, Rabobank’s general manager in Singapore and its regional head of
Telecommunications, Media and Internet had both become personally involved in
applying pressure on Ms Lin to obtain repayment. Furthermore, Rabobank had
discovered irregularities in the way in which the Companies had conducted
business in relation to the set-off arrangements between JHTI and Motorola,
and the double-financing of the receivables by Rabobank and OCBC. The GEM Deal
was still on and the Companies expected to obtain US$160m, enough to pay about
two-thirds of the Companies’ debts to all the Creditor Banks. Ms Lin had no
reason to expect that the GEM Deal would fall through or that the Companies’
insolvency was inevitable. The Companies owed Rabobank about S$40m, and Ms Lin
agreed that JTIC would make the Payment to forestall any drastic action and to
avoid scuttling the GEM Deal. Ms Lin became personally involved in ensuring
that the Min Aik Shares were sold promptly and that the sale proceeds were
transmitted to Rabobank. Rabobank had definitely put pressure on the Companies
as it had sent letters of demand on 13 November 2008 and 17 December 2008 to
demand repayment of its loans.

41 We agree with Rabobank’s submission that it did put pressure on the
Companies to repay their loans. But, so did the following other Creditor
Banks, which had issued letters of demand to the Companies before 22 December
2008, _viz_ , (a) KBC (on 7 November 2008 for US$12.3m and S$2m to be paid by
11 November 2008); (b) Maybank (on, _inter alia_ , 2 December 2008 for
S$15.25m to be paid by 16 December 2008); and (c) ABN-AMRO (on 18 December
2008 for S$17.75m to be paid by 20 December 2008). Furthermore, by 22 December
2008, the Creditor Banks, including Rabobank, would have known that DBS had
obtained a charge over the MAP Shares (_ie_ , the Charge as defined at [13]
above) to secure the Companies’ debts to it in breach of the Companies’
negative pledges, and Ms Lin would not have expected the Creditor Banks not to
do anything and to allow the Companies to continue to carry on business as
usual. It was in those circumstances that Ms Lin directed that the proceeds of
sale of the Min Aik Shares be paid to Rabobank to honour her earlier agreement
on 25 November 2008 to do so.

42 During this period, _viz_ , from 25 November 2008 to 22 December 2008, the
great pressure put on JTIC to sell the Min Aik Shares and pay the proceeds to
Rabobank, as Ms Lin had earlier agreed JTIC would do, would have been much
attenuated by the fact that so many other Creditor Banks were also demanding
payment of their debts. Any expectation that Ms Lin had that the Payment would
save the Companies was probably unrealistic. Just as in the case of DBS, Ms
Lin wanted to honour her promise to Rabobank that JTIC would pay the proceeds
of sale of the Min Aik Shares to Rabobank. She did honour her promise, but, at
the same time, she consistently said that JTIC made the Payment to Rabobank
because the latter had been very supportive of the Companies in giving them
indulgence after indulgence to pay their long overdue debts.

43 The Judge found as a fact that JTIC did have a desire to prefer Rabobank
because the latter had been supportive of the Companies, and that this was
partly why Ms Lin agreed that JTIC would pay, and did cause JTIC to pay, the
proceeds of sale of the Min Aik Shares to Rabobank. The Judge did not find
that Rabobank did not put any pressure on JTIC because, clearly, the bank did;
but, at no time did Rabobank actually threaten to recall all its facilities if
JTIC did not agree to sell the Min Aik Shares and pay the proceeds to the
former. What the Judge found was that other Creditor Banks had put equal or
even greater pressure on the Companies and, yet, JTIC had paid the proceeds of
sale of the Min Aik Shares to Rabobank despite promising to monetise the
Companies’ assets (including the Min Aik Shares) to pay all the Creditor
Banks. The Judge held that these circumstances were inferential evidence that
JTIC had desired to prefer Rabobank, and that this inference was consistent
with the direct evidence of Ms Lin, which he accepted.

44 The Judge’s findings suggest that he applied the principle that so long as
there is some evidence that a debtor had the requisite desire to prefer, even
though it was under some or great pressure from a creditor to pay its debts,
the influence of such desire is sufficient to support a claim of unfair
preference under s 99 of the BA. If the preferred creditor is unable to show
that its commercial pressure was overwhelming or that the commercial pressure
was “proper”, in the sense that it had some value to the debtor (or that the
debtor believed that it had some value to it), then such pressure cannot
negate the requisite desire, even though the desire may, relatively speaking,
be weaker than the pressure.

45 We accept this principle. In _Re Fairway Magazines_ , Mummery J said (at
649G–H): “If a desire to prefer is present, however, it is sufficient that it
influences the decision. It does not have to be the sole or decisive influence
on the decision.” In our view, this was precisely the situation here.

46 Having regard to all the circumstances leading up to the Payment and, in
particular, the Judge’s acceptance of Ms Lin’s testimony of JTIC’s desire to
prefer Rabobank, we are of the opinion that there were insufficient grounds to
overturn the Judge’s finding of fact that the making of the Payment was
influenced by the requisite desire.

Our observations on the negative pledges and the _pari passu_ clauses

47 In concluding our judgment in _DBS Bank v Tam Chee Chong_ , we made some
observations (at [48]–[54]) on the relevance of the negative pledges and the
_pari passu_ undertakings given by the Companies in proceedings by JHTI’s
judicial managers to set aside the Charge on the basis that it was an unfair
preference under s 227T of the CA, read with s 99 of the BA. Those
observations are equally apt to apply to the present case as Rabobank was
fully aware of the existence of both of these contractual terms, which bound
JTIC not to prefer any one Creditor Bank to any other Creditor Bank in terms
of giving security and repaying existing debts in circumstances where the
Companies were insolvent and were facing imminent liquidation or the prospect
of being put into judicial management.

48 However, in the present case, as no security was granted to Rabobank, only
the _pari passu_ undertaking would be engaged. In our view, for the reasons
given in _DBS Bank v Tam Chee Chong_ , any inducement by Rabobank of the
breach of this undertaking by JTIC would likewise amount to an unlawful
interference with the contractual rights of the other Creditor Banks.

49 Hence, we cannot help but observe the irony in this case (an observation
which we also made in _DBS Bank v Tam Chee Chong_ at [55]), where, even if
Rabobank had succeeded in defending the validity of the Payment on the ground
that it was not an unfair preference, it might nonetheless have had to forego
the benefits of the Payment under the overall contractual framework of the
_pari passu_ undertakings it had agreed with the Companies, in the light of
the undertakings of the latter to the other Creditor Banks.

Conclusion

50 For the above reasons, the appeal is dismissed with costs and the usual
consequential orders.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 16 Sep 2011 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

