Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Law Society of Singapore _v_ Zulkifli bin Mohd Amin and another matter  
[2011] SGHC 19

Case Number| :| Originating Summons No 219 of 2010 and Originating Summons No
1292 of 2009  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 20 January 2011  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Chan Sek Keong CJ; Andrew Phang Boon Leong JA; V K Rajah JA  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Andre Maniam SC and Wendy Lin (WongPartnership LLP) for
the applicant; the first respondent absent; Tan Cheng Han SC (Intelligen Legal
LLC) for the second and third respondents.  
Parties| :|  Law Society of Singapore — Zulkifli bin Mohd Amin  
  
20 January 2011|  
---|---  
  
Chan Sek Keong CJ (delivering the grounds of decision of the court):

Introduction

1 Originating Summons No 219 of 2010 (“OS 219”) was an application by the Law
Society of Singapore (“the Law Society”) for three advocates and solicitors
who were all partners of M/s Sadique Marican & Z M Amin (“the Firm”) to show
cause why they should not be sanctioned under s 83(1) of the Legal Profession
Act (Cap 161, 2009 Rev Ed) (“the Act”). All three respondents, Mr Zulkifli bin
Mohd Amin (“Zulkifli”), Mr Mohd Sadique bin Ibrahim Marican (“Sadique”), and
Mr Anand Kumar s/o Toofani Beldar (“Anand”) were admitted as advocates and
solicitors in 2000. The disciplinary proceedings came about as a result of
misappropriations by Zulkifli, in 2007, of clients’ monies in excess of $11m.

2 Originating Summons No 1292 of 2009 (“OS 1292”) was an earlier show-cause
application against Zulkifli for grossly improper conduct under s 83(2)(_b_)
of the Act in a property transaction in failing to:

(a) use reasonably available legal means consistent with his retainer to
advance his clients’ interest;

(b) keep his clients reasonably informed of the progress of the transaction;
and

(c) explain to his clients certain letters or notices received from the
vendor’s solicitors.

The facts in OS 219

3 Zulkifli and Sadique set up the Firm in 2004 as equity partners, with Anand
as a salaried partner.

4 Zulkifli was the managing partner, and he managed the Firm’s client and
office accounts. He was also in charge of budgeting. Sadique and Anand had
responsibility for matters concerning staff salaries and monthly reviews of
the balances in the client account.

5 The Firm did not have an accounts clerk. From 1 March 2006 to 31 July 2007,
the Firm employed one Ms Sally Ang (“Sally”) as finance and human resource
manager. She worked under Zulkifli. Sadique explained how the Firm was managed
as follows:

[I]n fact the whole accounting role was in a way performed by all of the staff
who were handling the files because they prepared and assisted in the
preparation of the documents in support of the payment vouchers and submission
of the payment vouchers and copies of the cheques. This was to ensure their
accountability for each of the file that they carry... it would be every
single staff who handled a file and relating to a client account... No member
of the staff kept account books. It was kept by Zulkifli and in Sally Ang’s
room... As to the exact person or persons who fill up the books, I would not
know. This is simply because the system in the firm, since we started, was one
of accountability between the partners... we were not comfortable to allow a
person in charge of the accounts to be – like a staff to be in charge of the
accounts. So what we did was, as we did from the start, for a partner to be
accountable to other partners as to how the accounts were kept. So I ensured
that the books were there, and I also ensured that monthly reconciliations
were sighted by myself and [Anand].

6 On 31 July 2007, Sally left the Firm. Subsequently, it was discovered that
she had misappropriated $838,200 from the Firm. She has since been prosecuted
and convicted of seven counts of criminal breach of trust under s 408 of the
Penal Code (Cap 224, 2008 Rev Ed), as well as two offences under s 47(1)(_b_)
of the Corruption, Drug Trafficking & Other Serious Crimes (Confiscation of
Benefits) Act (Cap 65A, 2000 Rev Ed), and has been sentenced to five years’
imprisonment. According to Sadique, Zulkifli took charge of the Firm’s
accounts after Sally left. He did not know whether Zulkifli was assisted by
anyone. This admission showed that he did not know what was going on in the
Firm in relation to their finances and clients’ monies.

7 The manner in which the Firm’s client account was managed was explained in a
letter written by Sadique and Anand to the Law Society on 28 December 2007:

Essentially, the operation and management of the Client account is for
conveyancing matters, of which Mr Zulkifli was the Managing Partner and
Conveyancing Partner, to principally handle monies for conveyancing
transactions.

…

Mr Zulkifli continued therefore to be in charge of _inter alia_ the engagement
of a book-keeper to maintain all cash books, ledgers, journals and
reconciliation of the accounts.

The supervision over the Client account was ensured by having in place three
signatories to the Client Account of which the mandate to the bank was for any
two of the three signatories to sign, namely Zulkifli Bin Mohd Amin, Sadique
Marican and Anand Kumar. Zulkifli Bin Mohd Amin is the main signatory.

The mandate given to the Bank was for any two of the three signatories and for
_any amount_ from the client account.

[emphasis in original]

8 Sadique and Anand claimed that stringent controls were in place as “every
payment out from the client account had to be supported by payment vouchers,
evidence of deposits, completion account breakdowns and other forms of paper
work, as the case may be.” These controls were obviously not carried out in
practice.

9 On 19 November 2007, Sadique and Anand discovered that both the Firm’s
client and office accounts had been overdrawn. On 20 November 2007, Zulkifli
absconded. Two days later, Sadique and Anand informed Ms Yashodhara
Dhoraisingam (“Yashodhara”), a Senior Director of the Law Society’s Compliance
and Conduct Department, that Zulkifli was missing and that they suspected him
of misappropriating monies from both the client and office accounts. Sadique
and Anand made a police report on the same day.

10 On 23 November 2007, Yashodhara informed Sadique and Anand that pursuant to
rule 12 of the Legal Profession (Solicitors’ Accounts) Rules (Cap 161, R 8,
1999 Rev Ed) (“the SAR”), the Council of the Law Society (“the Council”) would
inspect the Firm’s accounts for the period of 1 January 2007 to 22 November
2007 and requested them to deliver various books of accounts and other
accounting records to the Law Society.

11 The inspection was conducted by the Law Society with the assistance of Mr
Kon Yin Tong of Foo Kon Tan Grant Thornton. The inspection revealed that the
Firm had not prepared any bank reconciliation statements after July 2007;
that, contrary to the SAR, the Firm had issued cash cheques for a total of
$5,660,357.02; and that the propriety of issuing these cheques could not be
verified due to insufficient documentation supporting the payments.

12 On 23 January 2008, the Law Society sought a written undertaking from
Sadique and Anand that they would cease to hold and receive clients’ monies or
act as signatories to the client account of any law practice. On 1 February
2008, the undertaking, effective as from 29 February 2008, was furnished.

13 Pursuant to s 85(2) of the Act, on 3 June 2008, the Council referred the
matter to an Inquiry Committee (“IC”), which recommended a formal
investigation by a Disciplinary Tribunal (“DT”) pursuant to s 89(1) of the
Act.

The Charges

Charges against Zulkifli

14 A total of 211 charges were brought against Zulkifli for various breaches
of the SAR. The 1st to 208th charges concerned the making of unauthorized
withdrawals from the Firm’s client account in breach of rule 7(1)(_a_) of the
SAR, which states:

There may be drawn from a client account —

(_a_) in the case of client’s money —

(i) money properly required for a payment to or on behalf of the client;

(ii) money properly required in full or partial reimbursement of money
expended by the solicitor on behalf of the client;

(iii) money drawn on the client’s authority;

(iv) money properly required for or towards payment of the solicitor’s costs
where a bill of costs or other written intimation of the amount of the costs
incurred has been delivered to the client and the client has been notified
that money held for him will be applied towards or in satisfaction of such
costs; and

(v) money to be transferred to another client account.

The 209th charge concerned his failure to ensure that the Firm’s client
account was not overdrawn on 19 November 2007 pursuant to rule 7(2) of the
SAR, which provides as follows:

In the case of client’s money and trust money referred to in paragraph
(1)(_a_) and (_b_), the money so drawn shall not exceed the total of the money
held for the time being in the client account on account of the client or
trust.

The 210th charge concerned his failure to record all transactions concerning
the Firm’s client account in a ledger required to be maintained under rule
11(1) and (2) of the SAR, which reads:

(1) Every solicitor shall at all times keep properly written up in the English
language such cash books, ledgers and journals and such other books and
accounts as may be necessary —

(_a_) to show all his dealings with —

(i) client’s money received, held or paid by him; and

(ii) any other money dealt with by him through a client account;

(_b_) to show separately in respect of each client all money of the categories
specified in sub-paragraph (_a_) which is received, held or paid by him on
account of that client; and

(_c_) to distinguish all money of the categories mentioned in sub-paragraph
(_b_) received, held or paid by him, from any other money received, held or
paid by him.

(2) All dealings referred to in paragraph (1)(_a_) shall be recorded as may be
appropriate —

(_a_) in a client’s cash book or a client’s column of a cash book; or

(_b_) in a record of sums transferred from the ledger account of one client to
that of another,

and in addition —

(i) in a client’s ledger or a client’s column of a ledger; and

(ii) in a journal.

Finally, the 211th charge concerned his failure to cause the balance shown in
the clients’ cash books to be reconciled with the monthly bank statements of
the Firm’s client account under rule 11(4) of the SAR, which states:

Every solicitor shall within one month of his commencing practice on his own
account (either alone or in partnership) and thereafter not less than once in
every succeeding month cause the balance of his clients’ cash books (or
clients’ column of his cash book) to be reconciled with his clients’ bank
statements and shall keep in the cash book or other appropriate place a
statement showing the reconciliation.

The Law Society’s case was that these breaches of the above-mentioned rules
amounted to grossly improper conduct under s 83(2)(_b_) of the Act.

Charges against Sadique and Anand

15 The Law Society preferred three charges against Sadique and Anand. The 1st
charge concerned a breach of rule 11(4) of the SAR. The charge was that they
had failed to conduct, from August to October 2007, any reconciliation of the
balances in the clients’ cash books and the monthly bank statements of the
Firm’s client account, and also to keep a statement showing the reconciliation
in a cash book or other appropriate accounting document. The Law Society’s
case was that this failure amounted to grossly improper conduct within the
meaning of s 83(2)(_b_) of the Act, or alternatively, to misconduct
unbefitting an advocate and solicitor within the meaning of s 83(2)(_h_) of
the Act.

16 The 2nd charge concerned a breach of rules 11(1) and (2) of the SAR. The
charge was that for the period of 3 January 2007 to 20 November 2007, Sadique
and Anand had failed to record, or cause to be recorded, all transactions
concerning the Firm’s client account in ledgers required to be maintained. As
with the 1st charge, it was also alleged that this failure amounted to grossly
improper conduct within the meaning of s 83(2)(_b_) of the Act, or
alternatively, to misconduct unbefitting an advocate and solicitor within the
meaning of s 83(2)(_h_) of the Act.

17 The 3rd charge was that between 3 January 2007 and 20 November 2007,
Sadique and Anand breached their duties as co-signatories of the Firm’s client
account by failing to adequately supervise transactions involving the said
account and by failing to safeguard clients’ monies in that account such that
unauthorized transactions were made from it. It was alleged that the breach
amounted to misconduct unbefitting an advocate and solicitor within the
meaning of s 83(2)(_h_) of the Act.

The DT’s Findings

18 On 5 August 2009, a DT was appointed by the Chief Justice pursuant to s 90
of the Act to hear the complaints against the three respondents.

19 Zulkifli was not present at the hearing. Attempts to contact him at his
last known residential and business addresses to notify him of the hearing
before the DT proved fruitless. Notices had also been posted on both the
Supreme Court notice board and in newspapers but to no avail.

20 At the conclusion of the hearing, the DT found all the charges had been
proven against Zulkifli, and that cause of sufficient gravity for disciplinary
action under s 83 of the Act to be taken had been made out.

21 With regard to Sadique and Anand, the DT found that the 1st charge was
proven only in relation to the month of October 2007, but not August and
September 2007. The DT also found Sadique and Anand guilty of the 2nd charge,
which concerned their failure to record all transactions concerning the Firm’s
client account in ledgers and of the 3rd charge, regarding their failure as
co-signatories to adequately supervise transactions involving clients’ monies
in the Firm’s client account and to safeguard the said monies. In the DT’s
view, there was sufficient cause for disciplinary action under s 83 of the Act
to be taken.

Proceedings before this Court

The parties’ arguments

22 Zulkifli did not appear personally or by counsel to defend the charges
against him.

23 In regard to Sadique and Anand, the Law Society agreed with the DT’s
findings on the 2nd and 3rd charges, but contended that the DT erred in
finding that the 1st charge had only been made out in relation to the Firm’s
accounts for October 2007.

24 In reply, counsel for Sadique and Anand, Professor Tan Cheng Han SC (“Prof
Tan”) argued that the DT erred in finding that all the three charges had been
made out against his clients. With regard to the 1st charge, he argued that
reconciliation statements had been prepared for the relevant months but they
could not be produced to the DT as the statements went missing when Zulkifli
absconded.

25 With regard to the 2nd charge, Prof Tan argued that although the ledgers
could not be found, it was evident that there had been ledgers as the Firm’s
accounts had been satisfactorily audited in 2006, and monthly reconciliation
statements had been drawn up.

26 With respect to the 3rd charge against Sadique and Anand, Prof Tan made two
procedural arguments. The first was that the Law Society had failed to comply
with s 87(1A) of the Act, which provides as follows:

Where the Council has determined under subsection (1)(_d_) that a matter be
referred back to the Inquiry Committee for reconsideration or a further report
—

(_a_) the Council shall notify the Inquiry Committee accordingly;

(_b_) the Inquiry Committee shall submit its response or further report to the
Council within 4 weeks from the date of the Council’s notification; and

…

27 Prof Tan’s complaint was that although the Council had notified the IC
through the Chairman of the Inquiry Panel (“IP”) on 6 July 2009 that a further
report was required in relation to the 3rd charge, the IC submitted its
further report on 14 August 2009 to the Chairman of the IP, who submitted it
to the Council only on 28 August 2009. Hence, Prof Tan argued that the report
had been received by the Council 22 days after the statutory period had
expired. This resulted in a breach of s 87(1A _)_(_b_) of the Act.

28 Prof Tan’s second argument was that as Sadique and Anand had not been
informed of the Council’s decision to ask the IC for a further report on 6
July 2009, there was also a breach of s 87(4) of the Act, which provides:

The Council shall inform the advocate and solicitor and the person who made
the complaint of the manner in which it has determined the complaint within 14
days of the determination, and in the event of the determination being that a
formal investigation is unnecessary, the Council shall on the request of the
person furnish him with its reasons in writing.

29 Prof Tan argued that the effect of these two breaches was that the Law
Society should not have been allowed to exercise its statutory powers under s
87(2)(_b_) of the Act to convene a DT to hear the 3rd charge.

30 In relation to the substance of the 3rd charge, Prof Tan argued that as
Zulkifli had forged the signatures of Sadique and Anand in the course of his
misappropriation, Sadique and Anand could not have breached their duties as
co-signatories of the Firm’s client account since the documents were never
placed before them in the first place. As such, it was argued that Sadique and
Anand were not guilty of the 3rd charge.

Our decision

The charges against Zulkifli

31 Zulkifli did not appear to defend the 211 charges against him. We agreed
with the DT that those charges had been proved against Zulkifli.

The charges against Sadique

32 With respect to the 1st charge against Sadique, we affirmed the DT’s
finding that the reconciliation statements for October 2007 had not been
prepared. However, we could not, with respect, agree with the DT’s finding
that the August and September 2007 reconciliation statements were _in all
probability_ prepared because reconciliation statements had been prepared from
January to July 2007. We had two reasons for coming to this conclusion. First,
the reconciliation statements that were produced to the DT were reconstructed
statements. Sadique asserted that the contemporaneous reconciliation
statements were missing only after Zulkifli absconded but no witness was
called to confirm that contemporaneous reconciliation statements had been
prepared. The second reason was that Sally left suddenly on 31 July 2007 but
her position was not filled. Zulkifli started misappropriating clients’ and
the Firm’s monies from January 2007 and there was no reason for him to keep
proper records.

33 With regard to the 2nd charge, we agreed with the DT’s findings with
respect to Sadique. He could not produce the Firm’s actual ledger as he
claimed that it went missing. All that he produced was an Excel document
called the “Transaction Listing”, which recorded payments into and out of the
client account. As the DT rightly noted, this document was insufficient to
constitute a ledger. It is also noteworthy that Sally stated in her testimony
to the DT that she did not maintain any _client ledger_ , cashbook or journal
and that no one else maintained one.

34 With respect to Prof Tan’s procedural arguments in relation to the 3rd
charge against Sadique, we agreed that the Law Society was in breach of both s
87(1A) and s 87(4) of the Act. In relation to s 87(1A) of the Act, the Council
received the further report only 22 days after the statutory period of four
weeks had expired.

35 However, we could not agree with Prof Tan’s argument that a breach of s
87(1A)(_a_) of the Act would disempower the Law Society from referring the
matter to this court. Section 87(1A) of the Act merely sets timelines for
certain actions to be taken by the Law Society in certain circumstances. They
were not meant to be condition precedents necessary for the exercise of the
Law Society’s powers to refer the findings of the DT to this court. The modern
approach as to the effect of a breach of a statutory provision is not to treat
every breach as a disempowering or invalidating event. In _Ng Swee Lang and
another v Sassoon Samuel Bernard and others_ [2008] 2 SLR(R) 597, the Court of
Appeal endorsed the modern approach in these words (at [21]):

The Judge applied this modern approach to statutory interpretation, which
requires the court (see [43] of the GD):

... [to look] at the whole scheme and purpose of the Act and ... [weigh] the
importance of the particular requirement in the context of that purpose and
[ask] whether the Legislature would have intended the consequences of a strict
construction, having regard to the prejudice to private rights and the claims
of the public interest (if any).

The modern approach was further stated by Simon Brown LJ in _Ahmed v Kennedy_
[2003] 1 WLR 1820 in the form of the following question (at [29]):

[D]oes this legislation on its true construction give the court a discretion
to waive these petitioners’ timeous non-compliance or must it be regarded as
fatal to their proceedings?

36 The question therefore was whether non-compliance with the time periods in
s 87(1A) of the Act was fatal to the present proceedings. In our view, the
answer was “no” as these provisions were enacted for the purpose of expediting
the disposal of disciplinary proceedings – see the Second Reading speech of
the Minister for Law in Parliament when moving the amendment bill (_Singapore
Parliamentary Debates, Official Report_ (26 August 2008) vol 84 at col 3187).
The amendments were not enacted to put obstacles in the way of disciplining
errant advocates and solicitors who were guilty of professional misconduct. In
this connection, we might add that counsel for the Law Society, instead of
expressing his regret for the carelessness of the Law Society in this regard,
and giving his assurance that such mistakes would not be made again, sought to
argue that Sadique had not suffered any prejudice as a result of the delay. We
agreed with counsel’s legal submission, but not with the moral sentiment in
which it was made.

37 Similarly, the Law Society also breached s 87(4) of the Act in failing to
inform Sadique of its decision to ask the IC for a further report on 6 July
2009, but this did not prevent the Council from convening a DT pursuant to s
87(2)(_b_) of the Act. Again, a breach of this nature was not regarded as
serious since it did not prejudice the solicitor complained against.
Nevertheless, it is not a desirable state of affairs that the Law Society, the
statutory governing body of the profession, should find itself unable to
comply with simple statutory requirements, since it reflects a lack of the
same degree of professional standard that it expects of its members. As
disciplining errant lawyers is one of the most important statutory functions
of the Law Society, the Council should ensure that this function is carried
out expeditiously and properly and we trust that such a breach will not recur
in the future.

38 Having disposed of the two preliminary objections to the 3rd charge, we
agreed with the DT’s finding that the 3rd charge was made out against Sadique.
The very fact that Zulkifli was able to abscond with more than $11m showed
that Sadique breached his duty as a co-signatory to supervise the client
account. Sadique’s cavalier attitude towards supervising the Firm’s accounts
facilitated Zulkifli’s crime. His argument that he had agreed with Zulkifli to
divide responsibilities between themselves and was thus not liable for his
failure to supervise the accounts as this task fell under Zulkifli’s purview,
was completely without merit. Equity partners have a special responsibility to
safeguard clients’ monies and not to abdicate such responsibility by
delegating it to one or two partners, without any adequate system of periodic
checks. On the facts of the present case, Sadique had abdicated such
responsibility entirely to Zulkifli. Sadique failed to put in place an
adequate system of periodic checks, as a result of which Zulkifli was able,
over a comparatively short period of time, to commit a massive fraud.
Sadique’s blatant contravention of the SAR undoubtedly amounted to grossly
improper conduct within the meaning of s 83(2)(_b_) of the Act.

The charges against Anand

39 Anand was merely a salaried partner. He was in effect an employee of the
Firm. Even if he had undertaken responsibilities in relation to the accounts,
this was an arrangement between him and the partners of the Firm. Such an
undertaking would merely have been a voluntary one. Whatever may be his
liability to third parties, the law should not, without more, impose
obligations on a salaried partner such as Anand to supervise the Firm’s client
account. This responsibility is a non-delegable responsibility of the equity
partners of the firm. As such, we disagreed with the DT’s finding that all the
three charges levelled against Anand were made out and we acquitted him of all
the said charges.

The appropriate penalty

40 For the purpose of determining the appropriate penalty against Zulkifli and
Sadique, reference may first be made to s 83(1) of the Act, which provides:

All advocates and solicitors shall be subject to the control of the Supreme
Court and shall be liable on due cause shown —

(_a_)to be struck off the roll;

(_b_)to be suspended from practice for a period not exceeding 5 years;

(_c_)to pay a penalty of not more than $100,000;

(_d_)to be censured; or

(_e_)to suffer the punishment referred to in paragraph (_c_) in addition to
the punishment referred to in paragraph (b) or (d).

Penalty for Zulkifli

41 Zulkifli was patently dishonest when he misappropriated more than $11m of
his clients’ funds. It is trite that “where solicitors have dishonestly
misappropriated their clients’ monies, they have inevitably been struck off
the roll” (see _Law Society of Singapore v Rasif David_ [2008] 2 SLR(R) 955
(at [35])). It follows that Zulkifli, who had embezzled around $11m of his
clients’ monies, must be struck off the roll, which we so ordered. In view of
this, it was not necessary to consider the charges against him in OS 1292.

Penalty for Sadique

42 In the present case, Sadique did not misappropriate monies belonging to the
Firm’s clients. There was no dishonesty on his part. However, there was gross
dereliction of duty in allowing his equity partner to manage the accounts of
the firm alone without putting in place a framework for periodic checks. In
fact, no check was made at any time during the period when the
misappropriations were taking place. Sadique would have known that the firm
had a sizable conveyancing practice and that the Firm’s client account would
have had substantial amounts of clients’ monies in it. By his dereliction of
duty, he contributed to the misappropriation by his partner of over $11m. This
was undoubtedly a serious matter, as the loss was sure to have caused serious
economic harm to the clients. That an advocate and solicitor may be struck off
the roll of advocates and solicitors for serious transgressions other than
dishonesty was pointed out by this court in _Law Society of Singapore v Tay
Eng Kwee Edwin_ [2007] 4 SLR(R) 171(“ _Edwin Tay_ ”), as follows (at [20]):

It is the settled practice of this court that should it find a solicitor to be
dishonest, it will almost invariably direct that his name be struck off the
roll. _That said, even if no apparent dishonesty is involved, a solicitor may
be struck off the roll if the lapse is of such a nature as to indicate that he
lacks the requisite qualities of character and trustworthiness expected of all
solicitors_ : see _Law Society of Singapore v Ravindra Samuel_ [1999] 1 SLR
696 at [15]; cited in _Selena Chiong_ at [27].

[emphasis added]

43 _Edwin Tay_ shows that although as a general rule the court would not
strike an advocate and solicitor off the roll, it may do so in exceptional
circumstances. We regarded this as an exceptional case because of the
exceptional financial loss caused to clients. This court expects the highest
professional standards from lawyers to keep their clients’ monies safe from
the depredations of their dishonest partners.

44 Equity partners of law firms who leave the management of clients’ monies
entirely to one or two partners without any kind of checking mechanism must
answer for their omission, if it facilitated the misappropriation of clients’
monies by the other partner(s). In the present case, Sadique’s dereliction of
duty was a serious breach of professional responsibility as it facilitated the
loss to more than 80 clients of a sum in excess of $11m. The loss cannot be
fully compensated. As such, we were of the view that the most severe sanction
had to be imposed on Sadique.

45 Imposing severe sanctions for breaches of the SAR is consistent with the
stand taken by other jurisdictions with respect to breaches of accounting
rules by partners of law firms. An English case, _Re A Solicitor_ (_The Times_
15 July 1998), offers some guidance on when striking off the roll may be
appropriate. That case involved a three-partner firm, with two equity partners
and one salaried partner. W, an equity partner, was unaware that his partner
was transferring clients’ monies to office accounts to meet the liabilities of
the practice. Nevertheless, the English Court of Appeal upheld the
Disciplinary Tribunal’s decision to strike him off the roll on the basis that
in such a small practice, W had a responsibility to ensure that he knew what
was going on with the firm’s accounts and he ought to have been put on enquiry
when he was asked to sign a cheque of 60,000 pounds to HM Customs & Excise at
a time when he knew of the firm’s parlous financial state.

46 Similarly, in _Re Mayes and the Legal Practitioners Act_ [1974] 1 NSWLR 19,
the New South Wales Court of Appeal stressed the importance of a partner’s
duty to supervise accounts (at 25):

It is no answer for the appellant to claim that he left the conduct of the
financial affairs of the firm to his partner. It would be no answer generally
and certainly not in this case where the appellant neglected his
responsibilities despite warnings that all was not well. Feelings of delicacy
in the belief that queries or checks might be regarded as offensive to the
spirit of mutual trust between the partners do not, as claimed, excuse or
justify an abdication of responsibility. Instances of defalcation by persons
of apparently excellent character are not unknown, and every solicitor should
appreciate that there is some risk involved if he allows one partner to be in
the position of a sole practitioner so far as control of the trust account is
concerned. This is what the appellant did.

The extent to which each partner must concern himself with the financial
controls in a partnership necessarily varies with the size of the partnership
and the office organization, but each has the responsibility to see that there
is in existence a proper system to which each has access to see that the rules
are being obeyed and to check the system. The existence of a system cannot
relieve partners from personal vigilance.

We entirely reject the argument that a solicitor who is in partnership can,
without being guilty of professional misconduct, simply leave the management
of their joint trust account to his partner after he has reason to be
apprehensive as to his misuse of it, if it subsequently appears that this
facilitated misappropriation.

47 Sadique asserted that in considering the appropriate penalty, account
should be taken of the fact that the Firm had effected payment of around
$1,034,918.60 to its clients after Zulkifli absconded. He also pointed out
that he had a good record prior to the incident. Finally, he submitted that it
is relevant that he and Anand were themselves the “whistle-blowers” who
reported the matter to the Law Society and the Commercial Affairs Department
(“the CAD”). While Sadique may have had a good record previously and the Firm
has paid around $1m to its clients, the fact remains that the said clients are
still owed about $10m due to his dereliction of duty as an equity partner in a
small firm with a not inconsiderable conveyancing practice. We did not regard
his reporting of his partner’s misappropriations to the Law Society and the
CAD as a mitigating factor: in the circumstances, the reporting was much too
late for any person to take remedial action. The errant partner had fled the
jurisdiction and there was nothing left for him to do but to make the report
to the CAD.

48 For the above reasons, we also ordered that Sadique be struck off the roll
of advocates and solicitors.

Costs

49 We ordered costs in favour of the Law Society with regard to the
proceedings against Zulkifli and Sadique, and made no order as to costs in the
case of Anand.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 20 Jan 2011 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

