Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Chang Benety and others _v_ Tang Kin Fei and others  
[2011] SGCA 59

Case Number| :| Civil Appeal No 148 of 2010  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 04 November 2011  
Tribunal/Court| :| Court of Appeal  
Coram| :|  Chan Sek Keong CJ; Andrew Phang Boon Leong JA; V K Rajah JA  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Lim Teong Jin George SC and Foo Say Tun (Wee, Tay & Lim
LLP) for the appellants; Thio Shen Yi SC and Karen Teo (TSMP Law Corporation)
for the respondents.  
Parties| :|  Chang Benety and others — Tang Kin Fei and others  
  
[LawNet Editorial Note: The decision from which this appeal arose is reported
at [2011] 1 SLR 568.]

4 November 2011|  
---|---  
  
Andrew Phang Boon Leong JA (delivering the grounds of decision of the court):

1 This is an appeal against the decision of the trial judge (“the Judge”) in
_Tang Kin Fei and others v Chang Benety and others_ [2011] 1 SLR 568 (“the
Judgment”), where the Judge validated certain resolutions passed at several
inquorate directors’ meetings of a company, PPL Shipyard Pte Ltd (“the
Company”), under s 392 of the Companies Act (Cap 50, 2006 Rev Ed). We allowed
the appeal and now give the detailed grounds for our decision.

Facts

Parties to the dispute

2 The Company was incorporated in 1997 and is in the business of designing and
constructing offshore drilling rigs. According to the Appellants, its business
was largely built up by the efforts of first Appellant, Benety Chang (“Chang”)
as well as and the second Appellant, Anthony Aurol (“Aurol”).

3 Prior to 2001, the majority shareholders of the Company were PPL Holdings
Pte Ltd (“PPLH”), a wholly-owned subsidiary of Baker Technology Ltd (“Baker”),
a public listed company which held 97% of the shares. The remaining 3% of the
shares in the Company were held by E-Interface Holdings Ltd (“E-Interface”).

4 On 29 March 2001, 50% of the shares of the Company were sold by PPLH to
Sembcorp Marine Ltd (“SCM”).

5 On 13 November 2001, E-Interface became a wholly-owned subsidiary of PPLH.

6 In 2003, SCM increased its shareholding in the Company to 85%. As the
majority shareholder, SCM nominated six of the nine directors of the Company.

7 The Appellants and Respondents are all directors of the Company. The three
Appellants were PPLH’s nominees while the six Respondents were SCM’s nominees.
Two of the Appellants, Chang and Aurol, are also directors of PPLH.

8 Aurol was removed as a director of the Company on 8 June 2010 on the ground
that he had allegedly passed on the Company’s confidential information to
Yangzijiang Shipbuilding (Holdings) Ltd (“Yangzijiang”), a company which
subsequently took over Baker. The other two Appellants, Chang and Douglas Tan,
are still directors of the Company.

Background

9 For a better picture of the dispute between the parties, reference must
first be made to the shareholders’ agreement entered into between PPHL and SCM
on 9 April 2001 (“the Shareholders’ Agreement”)[note: 1]. It provided for the
appointment of six directors, with PPLH and SCM appointing three directors
each. Clause 5.3 of this agreement[note: 2] provided that the quorum for a
director’s meeting is two, _provided that at least one director from PPLH and
SCM are present_. Following the Shareholder’s Agreement, Art 98 of the
Company’s articles of association[note: 3] was amended to take into account
the agreed arrangement that for there to be a quorum, at least one director
from each side must be present at a meeting of the board of directors.

10 The arrangements in the Shareholders’ Agreement and articles of association
regarding the quorum for a meeting of the board of directors were not changed
after SCM became the majority shareholder of the Company by amassing 85% of
the Company’s shares in 2003, although (as already noted) the number of
directors was increased to nine, with six appointed by SCM.

11 The chain of events leading to the passing of the resolutions in dispute
began on 16 April 2010, when Yangzijiang issued a binding letter of offer to
Baker to acquire all its shares in PPLH for US$155m (“the Offer”). A term of
the Offer was that Chang and Aurol were to give undertakings to Yangzijiang
that they would not voluntarily resign from their executive positions with the
Company for a period of two years with effect from 1 January 2011.

12 On 17 April 2010, Baker disclosed the Offer to the market, and stated that
the consideration for the purchase was arrived at by taking into account,
_inter alia_ , a certain net book value of the Company for the financial year
2009. Subsequently, Baker accepted the offer.

13 PPLH argued that SCM wanted to scuttle the deal for the sale of its shares
to Yangzijiang. SCM tendered a cheque for $59,433,522 as payment for the 15%
shareholding of PPLH in the Company but PPLH rebuffed this attempt to purchase
its stake in the Company.

14 The SCM-appointed directors took steps to strengthen their control of the
Company. At a scheduled meeting of the board of directors on 28 April 2010,
which was attended by the Appellants, the Respondents introduced matters not
specifically stated on the agenda and proceeded to appoint a new managing
director to replace Douglas Tan, a new Chief Financial Officer and Joint
Secretaries, all of whom were nominated by SCM. Despite the Appellants’
objections to these appointments, which were not within the ambit of the
present appeal, the appointments were approved by six votes to three.

15 On 10 May 2010, SCM lodged complaints (“the SCM complaints”) with the
Company that Chang and Aurol had allegedly breached their duty to the Company
by disclosing confidential information to Yangzijiang about its book value for
the financial year 2009 six days before the said accounts were lodged with the
Accounting and Corporate Regulatory Authority. In view of these allegations,
the chairman of the board of directors, Tang Kin Fei (“Tang”), thought it was
in the Company’s best interests to deal with the allegations immediately. As a
result, Don Lee Fook Kang, a SCM-nominated director, e-mailed all the
directors on 10 May 2010 to convene a board meeting on 11 May 2010 (“the 11
May meeting”) for the purpose of appointing a law firm to advise the Company
on the SCM complaints.

16 The Appellants did not attend the 11 May meeting. Tang received a letter
from Wee, Tay & Lim, acting for the Appellants, objecting to the meeting as
inadequate notice was given and a list of possible lawyers who could be
appointed to advise the company was not circulated before the meeting. He also
received a letter from Straits Law Practice, acting for PPLH, stating that
Aurol had not committed any breach of confidentiality, and even if there was
such a breach, it was _de minimis._ The Respondents nevertheless proceeded
with the meeting and resolved to appoint WongPartnership to advise and act for
the Company in respect of the SCM complaint.

17 On 15 May 2010, SCM commenced Suit No 351 of 2010 against PPLH and
E-interface (“the Suit”). In the Suit, SCM sought, _inter alia_ , a
declaration that when it became the owner of 85% of the issued and paid up
capital of the Company on 9 July 2003, the provisions of the shareholders’
agreement and the Company’s articles of association, that were premised on an
equal partnership with PPLH and E-Interface, ceased to apply. SCM also alleged
that the sale of Baker’s shares in PPLH was a breach of an implied term that
neither party would, without offering its shares in the Company to the other,
act in a manner which would cause the other to end up being a “partner” of a
party owned or controlled by someone else other than the parties to the
shareholders’ agreement. SCM claimed various reliefs, including a right to
acquire the remaining shares held by PPLH and E-Interface in the Company. PPLH
and E-Interface counterclaimed against SCM for, _inter alia_ , injunctive
relief against the removal the Appellants as directors.

18 Subsequently, WongPartnership, on their own initiative, suggested to Wee,
Tay & Lim that another board meeting be convened to discuss their appointment.
On 27 May 2010, the Respondents called for another Board meeting to be
convened on 3 June 2010 (“the 3 June Meeting”). On 31 May 2010, the Appellants
sought confirmation that the meeting would be conducted in accordance with the
terms of the Shareholders’ Agreement and that each side’s directors would
therefore have three votes regardless of the number of directors present. The
Respondents’ solicitors replied on 1 June 2010 to the effect that Art 98 of
the Company’s articles of association did not restrict the six SCM-nominated
directors from casting more than three votes. On 2 June 2010, the Appellants
replied that they would not attend the 3 June Meeting. The Respondents
proceeded with the 3 June Meeting in the Appellant’s absence and passed the
following resolutions:

(a) confirming the appointment of WongPartnership to act for and advise the
Company;

(b) instructing WongPartnership to investigate the allegations raised in the
10 May letter and advise the Company on its response to the allegations; and

(c) instructing WongPartnership to provide general advice relating to the Suit
and the continued operations of the Company.

19 Notwithstanding the resolutions passed at the 3 June Meeting, the
Respondents thought it prudent to hold yet another directors’ meeting to
expressly appoint WongPartnership to represent the Company in the Suit. On 10
June 2010, notice was given that yet another board meeting would be held on 14
June 2010 (“the 14 June 2010 meeting”). Wee, Tay & Lim proposed a circular
board resolution to limit WongPartnership’s authority in respect of the Suit
but the Respondents preferred to give WongPartnership wider authority in the
resolution.

20 As there was no agreement, the Respondents passed a resolution at the 14
June 2010 meeting in the Appellant’s absence to empower WongPartnership to
enter an appearance on behalf of the Company and to accept all documents
served in the Suit on the Company’s behalf.

21 The Appellants called for a meeting of the board of directors on 21 June
2010 (“the 21 June 2010 meeting”). The agenda included giving wider authority
to WongPartnership in relation to the Suit and giving the chairman or any
other person nominated by him the authority to give instructions to
WongPartnership in relation to the Suit as well as to receive advice from that
law firm.

22 On 18 June 2010, Straits Law Practice, acting for PPLH, sent a telefax to
the Respondents’ solicitors stating that they had no issue with
WongPartnership advising and representing the Company in the suit. They
suggested that instructions to WongPartnership should be on the basis of
unanimous instructions, but were unable to propose a resolution acceptable to
all parties. The Respondents then suggested that Douglas Tan, a PPLH-nominated
director, be allowed to comment on or add to the instructions given by the
chairman or his nominee as an interim measure but this suggestion was not
accepted by the Appellants. The 21 June 2010 meeting proceeded without the
attendance of the Appellants. The resolutions set out in prayer 5 of the
amended application were passed at this meeting.

23 It is noteworthy that there was subsequent progress on the issue of
WongPartnership’s appointment. On 29 June 2010, WongPartnership wrote to Wee,
Tay & Lim to propose that their scope of appointment be to advise and
represent the Company in relation to the Suit and to do all things necessary
for the conduct of the Suit (“the 29 June Letter”).[note: 4] As an initial
step, WongPartnership was to advise the Company on the role and approach which
it should adopt in the Suit. Wee, Tay & Lim confirmed that this was acceptable
on 1 July 2010 (“the 1 July Agreement”).

The decision below

24 The Respondents’ prayers in its application (in Originating Summons No 590
of 2010) in the court below were as follows:

1\. A declaration that the resolution at the board meeting held on 11 May 2010
appointing WongPartnership to advise and act for [the Company] is valid.

2\. Further or in the alternative, a declaration that the resolution at the
board meeting held on 3 June 2010 confirming the appointment of
WongPartnership to advise and act for [the Company] is valid.

3\. A declaration that the resolutions at the board meeting held on 3 June
2010 that [the Company] instruct WongPartnership to:

(a) investigate the allegations made by [SCM] in a letter dated 10 May 2010
and addressed to the board of directors of [the Company] (“Allegations”);

(b) advise [the Company] how it should respond to the Allegations;

(c) provide general advice on any issue relating to the dispute between its
shareholders; and

(d) provide general advice on any issue relating to the continued operations
of [the Company] –

are valid.

4\. A declaration that the resolution at the board meeting held on 14 June
2010 appointing WongPartnership to enter an appearance on behalf of [the
Company] and accept service on behalf of [the Company] of any documents served
in the action in Suit No 351 of 2010/H (“the Suit”) in the High Court of the
Republic of Singapore is valid.

5\. A declaration that the resolutions at the board meeting held on 21 June
2010 are valid, namely:

(a) That WongPartnership’s appointment be expanded such that they may:

i. do all such things arising from or related to the Suit to protect the
interests of [the Company]; and

ii. provide advice to [the Company] on how it should respond to the
allegations made against it in the Suit.

(b) That, as an interim measure and pending contrary suggestions from
WongPartnership, the Chairman of [the Company] or any other person nominated
by the Chairman of [the Company] is hereby authorised by [the Company] to
provide instructions to and receive advice from WongPartnership on the Suit.
Douglas Tan may comment on or add to the instructions provided to
WongPartnership. However, where the instructions of Douglas Tan conflict with
those of the Chairman of [the Company] or the Chairman of [the Company’s]
nominee, the instructions of the Chairman of [the Company] or the Chairman of
[the Company’s] nominee will prevail.

25 The Respondents’ position in the court below was that the above resolutions
should be declared valid despite the lack of a quorum as they did not result
in substantial injustice to the Appellants.[note: 5] They argued that the
resolutions had to be validated in order to allow WongPartnership to advise
the company on the SCM Complaints as well as the Suit. [note: 6]

26 The Appellants’ position, on the other hand, was that the Respondents had
breached both the Shareholders’ Agreement as well as the Company’s articles of
association in proceeding with the meetings without a quorum and failing to
adjourn them.

27 Clause 5.3 of the Shareholders’ Agreement states as follows:

The quorum for the meeting of the Board of Directors shall be (2) directors
present in person or by the duly appointed alternatives provided that at any
such meeting at least one director nominated by each of the Party shall be
present as otherwise there shall be no quorum. At any meeting of the Board of
Directors, provided a quorum is present, each party will have three (3) votes
irrespective of the number of directors present. If within half an hour of the
time appointed for the holding of a Director’s meeting, the quorum specified
above is not present, the meeting shall stand adjourned to the 7th working day
thereafter at the same time and same place. At such adjourned meeting, the
required quorum shall be stated as above.

The relevant part of Art 98 provides as follows:

Until otherwise determined by the Board, two Directors shall constitute a
quorum _provided that at any such meeting at least one PPLH Director and one
SembCorp Director shall be present otherwise there shall be no quorum._ At any
meeting of the Board, provided a quorum is present, every director shall be
entitled to one vote save that (a) if less than three PPLH Directors are
present, all the PPLH Directors present at the meeting of the Board shall
collectively be entitled to an aggregate of three votes irrespective of the
number of PPLH Directors present, and (b) if less than three SembCorp
Directors are present, all the SembCorp Directors present at the meeting of
the Board shall collectively be entitled to an aggregate of three votes
irrespective of the number of PPLH Directors present, and (b) if less than
three SembCorp Directors are present at the meeting of the Board shall
collectively be entitled to an aggregate of three votes irrespective of the
number of SembCorp Directors present. If within half an hour of the time
appointed for the holding of a Board meeting the quorum specified above is not
present, the _meeting shall stand adjourned to the seventh working day
thereafter at the same time and same place._ At such adjourned meeting, the
required quorum shall be as stated above. Questions arising at any meeting
shall be decided by a majority of votes ... [emphasis added]

28 The parties’ arguments centred on the application of s 392, which reads as
follows:

**Irregularities**

**392.** —(1) In this section, unless the contrary intention appears a
reference to a procedural irregularity includes a reference to —

(_a_) the absence of a quorum at a meeting of a corporation, at a meeting of
directors or creditors of a corporation or at a joint meeting of creditors and
members of a corporation; and

(_b_) a defect, irregularity or deficiency of notice or time.

(2) A proceeding under this Act is not invalidated by reason of any procedural
irregularity unless the Court is of the opinion that the irregularity has
caused or may cause substantial injustice that cannot be remedied by any order
of the Court and by order declares the proceeding to be invalid.

(3) A meeting held for the purposes of this Act, or a meeting notice of which
is required to be given in accordance with the provisions of this Act, or any
proceeding at such a meeting, is not invalidated by reason only of the
accidental omission to give notice of the meeting or the non-receipt by any
person of notice of the meeting, unless the Court, on the application of the
person concerned, a person entitled to attend the meeting or the Registrar,
declares proceedings at the meeting to be void.

(4) Subject to the following provisions of this section and without limiting
the generality of any other provision of this Act, the Court may, on
application by any interested person, make all or any of the following orders,
either unconditionally or subject to such conditions as the Court imposes:

(_a_) an order declaring that any act, matter or thing purporting to have been
done, or any proceeding purporting to have been instituted or taken, under
this Act or in relation to a corporation is not invalid by reason of any
contravention of, or failure to comply with, a provision of this Act or a
provision of any of the constituent documents of a corporation;

(_b_) an order directing the rectification of any register kept by the
Registrar under this Act;

(_c_) an order relieving a person in whole or in part from any civil liability
in respect of a contravention or failure of a kind referred to in paragraph
(_a_);

(_d_) an order extending the period for doing any act, matter or thing or
instituting or taking any proceeding under this Act or in relation to a
corporation (including an order extending a period where the period concerned
expired before the application for the order was made) or abridging the period
for doing such an act, matter or thing or instituting or taking such a
proceeding,

and may make such consequential or ancillary orders as the Court thinks fit.

(5) An order may be made under subsection (4)(_a_) or (_b_) notwithstanding
that the contravention or failure referred to in the paragraph concerned
resulted in the commission of an offence.

(6) The Court shall not make an order under this section unless it is
satisfied —

(_a_) in the case of an order referred to in subsection (4) (_a_) —

(i) that the act, matter or thing, or the proceeding, referred to in that
paragraph is essentially of a procedural nature;

(ii) that the person or persons concerned in or party to the contravention or
failure acted honestly; or

(iii) that it is in the public interest that the order be made;

(_b_) in the case of an order referred to in subsection (4)(_c_), that the
person subject to the civil liability concerned acted honestly; and

(_c_) in every case, that no substantial injustice has been or is likely to be
caused to any person.

29 The Appellants argued that lack of quorum was a substantive irregularity
incapable of being validated under s 392.[note: 7] Further, they added that
even if the lack of quorum was a procedural irregularity, it could not be
cured under s 392 as this would lead to substantial injustice.[note: 8] In
particular, they contended that the irregularities in question deprived them
of their right to a quorum, exposed Aurol and Chang to investigation, and was
part of the consistent course of conduct by the Respondents to scuttle the
deal between Yangzijiang and Baker for the acquisition by the former of all
the latter’s shares in PPLH. They also argued that there was no need for to
proceed with the application as they had already agreed to WongPartnership’s
appointment.

30 The Judge held as follows:

(a) The absence of a quorum was, by statute, only a _procedural_ irregularity.
Both the procedural irregularity and the substance of the resolutions must be
considered as part of the holistic approach mentioned in _The Oriental
Insurance Co Ltd v Reliance National Asia Re Pte Ltd_ [2008] 3 SLR(R) 121 (“
_Oriental Insurance_ ”);

(b) Where there is a deadlock in the sense that no quorum can be formed for a
board meeting, to allow one party to push ahead with its agenda in the absence
of the other party wa _s prima facie_ a _substantial injustice_. It would be
for the proposing party to persuade the court why the resolutions should
nevertheless be validated;

(c) Prayer 1 was in respect of a resolution passed at a board meeting convened
at very short notice and its substance was, in any event, covered by prayer 2.
As such no order on prayer 1 was made;

(d) The resolutions in prayers 2, 3(c) and (d), 4 and 5(a) were neutral and in
the Company’s interests as it had to be represented in the Suit. As for prayer
5(b), it was practical to identify someone from whom WongPartnership could
receive instructions. As such, these prayers were validated; and

(e) Prayers 3(a) and (b) were not neutral. They appeared one-sided because
they assumed that the proposed investigation regarding the SCM complaints was
truly in the Company’s best interests. However, the true motive for the
investigation had not been established. Hence, these prayers were not
validated.

The appeal

31 The Appellants’ case[note: 9] before this court was that that the
Respondents had breached both the Shareholders Agreement and the Company’s
articles of association in:

(a) proceeding with the meetings when no director from PPLH was present (“the
Quorum irregularity”); and

(b) not adjourning the meetings when there was no quorum (“the Adjournment
irregularity”).

32 The Appellants reiterated their arguments made in the court below, namely,
that the Respondents’ actions, as outlined in the above paragraph, involved
substantive (and not merely procedural) irregularities that were therefore
incapable of being validated under s 392, and that, even if they were
procedural irregularities, substantial injustice would be caused to them if
the resolutions were validated. In so far as the Respondents were concerned,
they also relied on the same arguments advanced in the court below, namely,
that the irregularities in question were clearly procedural and may therefore
be validated pursuant to s 392, and that no substantial injustice would be
caused if there was such validation.

Whether the irregularities are procedural or substantive

33 Section 392(1)(_a_); also reproduced above at [28]), which makes it clear
that a lack of a quorum is _prima facie_ at least a _procedural_ irregularity
(_cf_ the words “unless the contrary intention appears”), provides as follows:

(1) In this section, _unless the contrary intention appears_ a reference to _a
procedural irregularity includes a reference to —_

(_a_) the _absence of a quorum at a meeting of a corporation_ , at a meeting
of directors or creditors of a corporation or at a joint meeting of creditors
and members of a corporation ...

[emphasis added]

34 The power of the Court to remedy such a procedural irregularity is provided
for in s 392(2) (also reproduced above at [28]), as follows:

(2) A proceeding under this Act is not invalidated by reason of any procedural
irregularity unless the Court is of the opinion that the irregularity has
caused or may cause _substantial injustice that cannot be remedied by any
order of the Court and by order declares the proceeding to be invalid._
[emphasis added]

35 Section 392 is largely based on s 1322 of the Australian Corporations Act
(No 50 of 2001). However, the proposition that procedural irregularities will
not invalidate court proceedings was adopted from the law relating to
insolvency proceedings and may be traced back to s 179 of the Insolvency Act
of 1874 (38 Vic No 5) (Qld), which provided as follows:

No proceeding in insolvency shall be invalidated by any formal defect or by
any irregularity unless the court before which an objection is made to such
proceeding is of opinion that substantial injustice has been caused by such
defect or irregularity and that such injustice cannot be remedied by any order
of such court

The court may if it think fit make an order declaring that any such proceeding
is valid notwithstanding any such defect or irregularity.

36 The said provision was first applied in the sphere of company law when s 3
of the Companies Act 1893 (57 Vic 3) (Qld) was enacted. The rationale for the
provision, as explained during the Parliamentary Debates on the bill, was as
follows (see Queensland, _Parliamentary Debates_ , Legislative Assembly, 19
July 1893, 239 (_per_ Thomas Joseph Byrnes)):

There is every reason why such a power should be given to the court. It may
happen that a meeting is ordered to be held in London at twenty-one days’
notice, and that by reason of some defect in the cable only twenty days’
notice is given. _It would be an unfortunate thing, knowing as we do that
twenty days’ notice would be ample to reach every creditor in Great Britain,
that the whole of the proceedings should be rendered nugatory because the
order could not be carried out in its entirety._ What we propose in this
clause is... to assimilate the law to what it is in insolvency and to give the
court power, if there is no substantial miscarriage of justice, to make an
order declaring that any such proceeding is valid, notwithstanding any such
defect or irregularity. It is hardly necessary for me to say more on the
subject ... [emphasis added]

37 Considering its history, it appears that s 392 balances the twin
considerations that proceedings are not invalidated for minor reasons, and
that procedural irregularities do not result in unjust situations that cannot
be remedied by the courts. Hence, once a court is satisfied that an
irregularity is procedural, the only question is whether it results in
substantial injustice that cannot be remedied by an order of court.

38 As noted above, the Appellants argued that the quorum requirement under Art
98 is an expressly negotiated right that gives them an unchallengeable right
to create a deadlock. Thus, the lack of quorum in this instance is a
substantive irregularity. They relied on this court’s decision in _Thio_
_Keng_ _Poon v Thio_ _Syn_ _Pyn and others and another appeal_ [2010] 3 SLR
143 (“ _Thio_ _Keng_ _Poon_ ”) and other Australian decisions to support their
argument that some irregularities, while meeting the description in s 392(1),
are nonetheless characterised as substantive breaches.

39 The Respondents countered that it was clear from s 392(1) that a lack of
quorum is, without more, a procedural irregularity and there was no reason why
s 392(1) should not be given its plain meaning. In addition, they stated that
the Adjournment irregularity is covered by s 392(1)(b) and is a procedural
step which deals with the process of calling meetings and not the substance of
the resolutions passed. [note: 10]

40 In determining whether an irregularity is procedural or substantive, the
following passage from the judgment of the court in _Thio_ _Keng_ _Poon_ (at
[66]) is instructive:

We would be stating the obvious if we say that the question of whether a
particular irregularity is procedural or substantive can often be a strikingly
difficult issue to determine: see _Cordiant Communications (Australia) Pty Ltd
v The Communications Group Holdings Pty Ltd_ [2005] NSWSCC 1005 (“ _Cordiant_
”). Palmer J in _Cordiant_ enunciated the following principles in addressing
that question (at [102] to [104]):

What, then, is the substantive irregularity as distinct from a procedural
irregularity? In my view, the cases concerning the distinction between a
substantive law or rule and a procedural law or rule provide some guidance. In
_John Pfeiffer Pty Ltd v Rogerson_ (2000) 203 CLR 503, Gleeson CJ, Gaudron,
McHugh, Gummow and Hayne JJ said (at 543-544):

matters that affect the existence, extent or enforceability of the rights or
duties of the parties to an action are matters that, on their face, appear to
be concerned with issues of substance, not with issues of procedure. Or to
adopt the formulation put forward by Mason CJ in McKain ‘rules which are
directed to governing or regulating the mode or conduct of court proceedings’
are procedural and all other provisions or rules are to be classified as
substantive.

In the light of this observation and of the decisions in _Industrial Equity,
ANZ Nominees, Scullion_ and _Link Agricultural_ , I think that the following
general proposition may be formulated for the purposes of the application of
the Corporations Act, s 1322: [the Australian equivalent of s 392]:

\- what is a ‘procedural irregularity’ will be ascertained by first
determining what is ‘the thing to be done’ which the procedure is to regulate;

\- if there is an irregularity which changes the substance of ‘the thing to be
done’, the irregularity will be substantive;

\- if the irregularity merely departs from the prescribed manner in which the
thing is to be done without changing the substance of the thing, the
irregularity is procedural.

The application of such a proposition in any particular case will depend upon
the starting point, _ie_ , defining ‘the thing to be done’. Different answers
to the question will be found depending on how broadly or narrowly one defines
‘the thing to be done’.

Reference may also be made, in this regard, to R P Austin & I M Ramsay,
_Ford’s Principles of Corporations Law_ (LexisNexis/Butterworths, Australia,
14th Ed, 2010) at para 7.582.

41 In _Thio_ _Keng_ _Poon_ , where an attempt was made to remove a director,
the irregularity concerned a failure by the other directors to first request
the director in question to vacate his directorship before passing a
resolution to remove him as director. This was a breach of Art 88(c) of the
company’s articles of association. The court held that this was a substantive
breach, which was not an irregularity of the same genre as that contemplated
in s 392(1) because it involved a breach of a specific requirement in the
articles of association, which clearly specified the procedure for removing a
director _._

42 The irregularity in _Thio_ _Keng_ _Poon_ must be viewed in the context of
an irregularity regarding an attempt to remove a director. This court stated
that the failure to serve a notice to resign upon that director, as required
by the company’s articles of association, was certainly not of the same genre
as the irregularities listed in s 392(1). In contrast, in relation to a lack
of quorum _per se_ , the Singapore courts have largely, in view of s
392(1)(_a_) (reproduced above at [28] and [33])), regarded this as a
procedural irregularity (see, for example, _Sum Hong Kum v Li Pin Furniture
Industries Pte Ltd_ [1996] 1 SLR(R) 529 (“ _Sum Hong Kum_ ”) at [35], and _Kwa
Ban Cheong v Kuan Boon Sek and others_ [2003] 3 SLR(R) 644 at [22]). This is
consistent with the approach in Australia (see, for example, _Re Pembury Pty
Ltd_ (1991) 4 ACSR 759 at 761 and _Whitehouse v Capital Radio Network Pty Ltd_
[2004] TASSC 12 at [12]).

43 It follows that the Appellants’ contention that the lack of quorum in the
present case must be a _substantive_ irregularity merely because the parties
had expressly negotiated for a deadlock right cannot be accepted. In _Sum Hong
Kum_ , where deadlock rights were also involved in the context of an inquorate
meeting, Warren Khoo J (“Khoo J”) correctly found that in view of s 392(1),
the lack of a quorum was without more, a procedural irregularity. We
respectfully agree with Khoo J and are of the view that the lack of a quorum
in the present case is a procedural irregularity. Consequently, the
Adjournment irregularity, which arises from the Quorum irregularity, is also
procedural. However, this does not mean that the Appellants’ contention was
wholly without merit when viewed from the perspective of substance (as opposed
merely to form) inasmuch as the court will _not_ validate a _procedural_
irregularity if to do so would be – or is likely - to cause _substantial
injustice_ to any person (see s 392(6)(_c_) reproduced above at [28]). Put
simply, such an approach would achieve, in _substance_ , the _same_ result
which the Appellants had sought in any event provided that they could
demonstrate that substantial injustice had indeed been suffered by them. And
that is an issue to which our attention now turns.

Substantial injustice

44 As just mentioned, as the Quorum and Adjournment irregularities involve
procedural irregularities, a question arises as to whether the Judge erred in
exercising his power under s 392(2) to validate the resolutions. This turns on
whether the Appellants would suffer substantial injustice if the resolutions
are validated.

45 As for what constitutes substantial injustice, this court explained in
_Thio_ _Keng_ _Poon_ as follows at [75]:

The meaning of substantial injustice has been discussed by the courts in
various jurisdictions on numerous occasions, and in this regard, the following
principles can be distilled. First, it is axiomatic that there must be a
direct link between the procedural irregularity in question and the injustice
suffered (see _Golden Harvest_ ([55] _supra_) at 955-956, _Mamouney v Soliman_
(1992) 9 ASCR 63 at 71 (“ _Mamouney_ ”)). Secondly, the injustice must be of a
“substantial” nature. In essence, what this means is that the injustice must
be real, rather than theoretical or fanciful (see _Bell Resources Ltd v
Turnbridge Pty Ltd (No 2)_ (1988) 13 ACLR 762 at 766). There must, therefore,
be some basis or indication on the face of the evidence before the court that
the aggrieved party had suffered injustice or would suffer injustice as a
result of the procedural irregularity occurring. _Thirdly, the aggrieved party
must show that there may or could have been a different result, if not for the
occurrence of the procedural irregularity_ (see _Mamouney_ at 71 where Hodgson
J made a general reference to the cases of _Re Pembury_ ([55] _supra_) and
_Poliwka v Heven Holdings Pty Ltd_ (1992) 7 ACSR 85). This is a fundamentally
important point. [emphasis in original]

46 In addition, in _Golden Harvest Films Distribution (Pte) Ltd v Golden
Village Multiplex Pte Ltd_ [2007] 1 SLR(R) 940, this court held at [54] that
that the determination of substantial injustice under s 392 involved _“a
holistic weighing and balancing_ of the _various interests_ of _all_ the
relevant parties _”_ [emphasis added]_._ This holding was endorsed in
_Oriental Insurance_ at [106].

47 In _Re Goodwealth_ [1990] 2 SLR(R) 691 (“ _Re Goodwealth Trading Pte Ltd_
”), a minority shareholder petitioned to wind up the company. In response, the
majority shareholder sought to hold a board meeting to appoint solicitors to
represent the company in order to strike out the petition. The minority
shareholder and director employed the defensive tactic of not attending the
board meeting, which resulted in a deadlock. This court held the lack of
quorum caused substantial injustice as it resulted in disputed decisions,
namely the appointment of solicitors to represent the company, being taken by
one of only two shareholder groups in a company to the exclusion and possible
disadvantage of the other shareholder.

48 It bears noting that the quorum requirement in the present case was not
merely an ordinary one specifying a minimum _number_ as such but also one
which related, in fact, to the issue of _representation_ on the board of
directors. This requirement was to ensure that parties would have their
interests represented at board meetings and could thus prevent the Company
from making any decision which would prejudice them. The importance of this
requirement is evident as it was not only provided for in the articles of
association but enshrined in the Shareholders’ Agreement as well. In our view,
where such a quorum requirement is breached, there will _prima facie_ be
substantial injustice to the side which exercised its deadlock rights.

49 Undoubtedly, the nature of the resolutions passed at the board meeting must
be considered as well. If innocuous resolutions affecting no party’s rights
are passed, it is most unlikely that any party would apply to the court to
invalidate them. As Margaret Chew aptly observed, “[i]n most cases ... where
an applicant has sought to impugn an irregularity, the irregularity and the
proceedings initiated to invalidate it ... _are likely to be symptoms of a
greater struggle between shareholding factions, oftentimes between the
minority and the majority_ ” (see Margaret Chew, _Minority Shareholders’
Rights and Remedies_ (LexisNexis, 2nd Ed, 2007) at p 14) [emphasis added].
Indeed, in the present case, the deadlock rights were relied on by the
Appellants to ensure that resolutions, which advanced the Respondents’
complaints against some of the Appellants, were not passed by the board. The
resolutions passed by the Respondents in the absence of the Appellants
purported to appoint WongPartnership not only to represent and advise the
Company in the Suit, but also to investigate the SCM complaints (see [24]
prayers 3(a) and (b)). The Judge rightly found that the resolutions relating
to the investigation of the SCM complaints were one-sided as they assumed that
the proposed investigation regarding the SCM complaints was in the Company’s
best interests. By instructing WongPartnership to investigate the SCM
complaints, the Respondents placed the Appellants, who were the subject of the
allegations, in a disadvantageous position. Clearly, the Respondents were
attempting thereby to gain a tactical advantage over the Appellants in the
Suit. Although the resolutions relating to the SCM Complaints were not
validated by the Judge, they shed light on the Respondents’ intention to make
use of the inquorate meetings to pass resolutions to the possible disadvantage
of the Appellants. Following _Re Goodwealth_ , it is evident that this cannot
be permitted if the resolutions that are the subject of this appeal, whilst
seemingly innocuous on their face, still relate to the tactical advantage just
mentioned. This is a point to which we now turn.

50 Whether the validation of the said resolutions will cause substantial
injustice must be seen in the context of the 29 June Letter. The Appellants
had set out their position on the appointment of WongPartnership as
follows:[note: 11]

1.We refer to the recent correspondence on this matter. We propose that the
scope of our appointment be as follows:

a.to advise and represent the Company in relation to [the Suit] including the
filing of pleadings and affidavits, discovery, attendance at court hearings,
and to do all other things necessary for the conduct of the Suit on behalf of
the Company; and

b.as an initial step, to provide advice to the Company on the role and
approach which it should adopt in the Suit, including the immediate steps of
filing a Defence to the Counterclaim and a reply affidavit(s) in Summons No.
2651 of 2010/E.

2.Any expansion or variation of our role as solicitors for the Company can be
discussed at a later date.

As mentioned above, the Respondent’s accepted this proposal on 1 July 2010
(resulting in the 1 July Agreement).

51 However, the resolutions validated by the Judge expanded WongPartnership’s
role to include the providing of general advice on any issue relating to the
dispute between its shareholders and the continued operations of the Company.
Furthermore, these resolutions provided that the Chairman of the Company would
give and receive instructions from WongPartnership in relation to the Suit.
This enlarged scope of WongPartnership’s role gave the Respondents a
significant advantage over the Appellants for, while the resolutions made
provision for Douglas Tan to comment or add to the instructions provided to
WongPartnership, the Chairman would have the final say if Douglas Tan’s
instructions conflicted with the Chairman’s instructions. In these
circumstances, there would be no check on the Respondents, who could instruct
WongPartnership to act to the Appellants’ detriment.

52 Essentially, the validation of the resolutions had the effect of overriding
the 1 July Agreement on the appointment of Wong Partnership and widening its
scope. This constituted, without more, a substantial injustice to the
Appellants as they were deprived of the bargain which they had struck with the
Respondents and WongPartnership. There was no indication that the 1 July
Agreement was, as the Respondents contended, merely an interim agreement. As
such, the parties should have abided by the terms of the said Agreement.

53 In the final analysis, after conducting _“_ a holistic weighing and
balancing of the various interests of all the relevant parties _”_ (see also
above at [46]), we found that validating the resolutions would cause
substantial injustice which cannot be remedied by an order of court. As was
the case in _Thio_ _Keng_ _Poon_ , there was a link in the present case
between the procedural irregularities and the substantial injustice suffered
by the Appellants. The result might have been different if the Respondents had
not proceeded with the inquorate board meetings.

Conclusion

54 For the reasons set out above, we allowed the appeal with costs and with
the usual consequential orders.

* * *

[note: 1]Core Bundle Vol 2 (“2ACB”), p 27.

[note: 2]2ACB, p 32.

[note: 3]2ACB, p 69.

[note: 4]2ACB, p 150.

[note: 5]Plaintiffs’ submissions dated 2 August 2010, p 6, para 6 in Record of
Appeal, vol III (“3ROA”), Pt D, p 1154.

[note: 6]Plaintiffs’ submissions dated 2 August 2010, p 6, para 6 in 3ROA, Pt
D, p 1185, para 88 and p 1186, para 89.

[note: 7]Defendants’ (Respondents’) skeletal submissions, p 15, paras 33–36 at
3ROA, Pt D, p 1067.

[note: 8]Benety Chang’s 1st Affidavit of evidence-in-chief, para 29 at 3ROA,
Pt C, p 847.

[note: 9]Appellants’ case, p 45, para 92.

[note: 10]Respondent’s Case p 35, para 63.

[note: 11]See 2ACB, p 145.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 04 Nov 2011 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

