Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Sentosa Development Corp _v_ Sentosa Tiger Island Pte Ltd  
[2011] SGHC 168

Case Number| :| Suit No 68 of 2010/Z (Registrar's Appeal No 394 of 2010/S &
Registrar's Appeal No 395 of 2010/X)  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 13 July 2011  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Kan Ting Chiu J  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Woo Yin Loong Christopher (Lawrence Quahe & Woo LLC) for
the plaintiff; Ong Su Aun Jeffrey and Sim Chong (JLC Advisors LLP) for the
defendant.  
Parties| :|  Sentosa Development Corp — Sentosa Tiger Island Pte Ltd  
  
13 July 2011|  
---|---  
  
Kan Ting Chiu J:

1 This matter came before me as two appeals against the orders made by an
Assistant Registrar (“AR”) in an application for summary judgment by Sentosa
Development Corporation (“the plaintiff”) against Sentosa Tiger Island Pte Ltd
(“the defendant”). The AR allowed the application in part and ordered, _inter
alia_ , that:

(a) the defendant delivers up possession of 11, Siloso Road, Singapore (“the
property”) to the plaintiff;

(b) the defendant has unconditional leave to defend the plaintiff’s claims
for:

(i) $146,487.95 being Guaranteed Annual Payment (“GAP”);

(ii) $771,000 being liquidated damages;

(iii) double rent at $1,415.75 per day from 22 January 2010 to the day the
defendant hand over possession of the property to the plaintiff; and

(iv) the defendant to pay and settle all property tax liabilities due and
owing to the Inland Revenue Authority of Singapore (“IRAS”) in respect of the
property.

2 Both parties appealed against the AR’s orders. The defendant appealed
against the order for the delivery up of the property and the plaintiff
appealed against the order which gave the defendant unconditional leave to
defend.

3 After hearing the appeals, I dismissed the defendant’s appeal and I allowed
the plaintiff’s appeal by varying the order for the unconditional leave to
defend the claims for $771,000 and $146,487.95 to one for leave to defend the
claims conditional on the defendant providing security in the sum of $900,000
by a banker’s guarantee within 21 days. The defendant has now appealed against
my order.

Background

4 The plaintiff, as its name suggests, is a corporation entrusted with the
development of Sentosa. On 11 December 1991, the plaintiff entered into a
Building Agreement (“the Building Agreement”) with Sentosa Adventure Golf Pte
Ltd (“SAG”) whereby SAG was to build upon and develop the property on Sentosa,
but SAG failed to fulfill its obligations. Consequently, on 26 February 2007,
the plaintiff, SAG and the defendant entered into a Deed of Novation which
released and discharged SAG from further performance of its obligations under
the Building Agreement, and the defendant agreed to perform the outstanding
obligations as well as other obligations set out in the Deed of Novation. At
the same time, the plaintiff and the defendant also entered into a
Supplemental Agreement in which they agreed to vary the terms of the Building
Agreement. (All references to the clauses of the Building Agreement hereafter
refer to the clauses as amended by the Supplemental Agreement.)

5 However, the defendant also did not perform its obligations under the
Supplemental Agreement and the Building Agreement, and this led to the
plaintiff filing the present action against it on 29 January 2010. In the
plaintiff’s action, eight breaches of the Building Agreement and the
Supplemental Agreement are alleged. In support of the application for summary
judgment, the plaintiff filed three affidavits by Goh Lye Whatt, a director of
its Property Division, and the defendant filed three affidavits by its
director and shareholder, Chiang Sing Jeong in response. I shall set out in
brief the plaintiff’s allegations, the defendant’s responses, and my
observations and comments.

The alleged breaches

6 The plaintiff alleges that:

(a) _Breach 1_. The defendant failed to develop or commence construction or
renovation work on the property and has breached Cl 8.1(b) of the Building
Agreement by failing to obtain a Temporary Occupation Permit for the
development by 25 August 2008.[note: 1]

(b) _Breach 2_. The defendant breached Cl 13(i) of the Building Agreement by
failing to commence business on the development by 25 August 2008.[note: 2]

(c) _Breach 3_. The defendant breached Cl 4(iii) of the Building Agreement by
failing to make full payment of the GAP for the period April 2009 to March
2010.[note: 3]

(d) _Breach 4_. Under Cl 13 of the Building Agreement, the defendant was to
commence business on the development by 25 August 2008 or pay the plaintiff
liquidated damages of $1,500 a day. The defendant has failed to commence
business on time and is liable for liquidated damages of $771,000 over the
period 26 August 2008 to 21 January 2010.[note: 4]

(e) _Breach 5_. The defendant breached Cl 4(xv)(c) of the Building Agreement
by failing to furnish a fresh banker’s guarantee in the sum of $250,000.[note:
5]

(f) _Breach 6_. The defendant breached Cl 4 of the Supplemental Agreement
which required that either Chiang Sing Jeong and/or Cafe Aquarium owns at
least 51% of the issued shares in the defendant in that 310,000 of the
1,050,000 shares of the defendant held by Chiang Sing Jeong are held in trust
for one Lim Chong Poon with effect from 8 January 2009, such that Chiang Sing
Jeong owns only 740,000 shares, or 37% of the issued shares of the defendant
beneficially.[note: 6]

(g) _Breach 7_. The defendant breached Cl 15 of the Building Agreement by
altering the constitution of the board of directors and allotting new shares
without the consent of the plaintiff. It issued 350,000 shares to Almega
Investments Pte Ltd and 150,000 shares to one Tan Tee Seng and made changes to
its board of directors without the consent of the plaintiff.[note: 7]

(h) _Breach 8_. The defendant breached Cl 19 of the Building Agreement by
failing to settle its property tax liabilities in respect of the property for
the years 2009 and 2010.[note: 8]

7 In addition to setting out the defendant’s obligations, the Supplemental
Agreement and the Building Agreement also gave the plaintiff the right to take
possession of the property under certain circumstances. Clause 5 of the
Supplemental Agreement provides that:

5\. _ADDITIONAL RIGHTS OF THE LESSOR_

The Lessee agrees that in the event that the Lessee breaches any or all of the
provisions of ... Clause 4 above ... the Lessor shall be entitled to treat the
Building Agreement and this Supplemental Agreement as having been repudiated
by the Lessee and the Lessor shall be entitled to enter upon and take
possession of the said Land or any part thereof (including the Development)
and thereupon this Agreement shall cease and determine but without prejudice
to any rights or remedies the Lessor shall have against the Lessee with
respect to any antecedent breach.

8 Clause 17 of the Building Agreement provides that:

17.EVENTS OF DEFAULT

If any of the following events shall happen:

…

(e)if the Lessee shall fail to observe or perform or commits a breach of any
of the terms herein and on its part to be observed or performed and the same
has not been remedied by the Lessee after notice thereof has been given to the
lessee by the Lessor, or cannot be remedied by the Lessee,

Then the Lessor shall be entitled to treat this Agreement as having been
repudiated by the Lessee and the Lessor shall be entitled to enter upon and
take possession of the said Land or any part thereof (including the
Development) ...

(In both clauses the Lessee is the defendant and the Lessor is the plaintiff.)

9 In its defence, the defendant addresses each of the alleged breaches as
follows:

(a) _Breach 1_. The defendant admits that it has not commenced construction
work and has not obtained any Temporary Occupation Permit by 25 August 2008,
but it contends that there is an implied term in the Supplemental Agreement
(“the Implied Term”) that the plaintiff would not do anything that would
“unreasonably prevent the Defendant from fulfilling its contractual
obligations under the Building Agreement and the Supplemental Agreement”, and
that the plaintiff has breached the Implied Term by having prevented the
defendant from fulfilling its obligations.[note: 9]

(b) _Breach 2_. The defendant admits that it has not commenced business
operations, but asserts that it could not do so because it could not commence
construction and renovation work because of the plaintiff’s breach of the
Implied Term.[note: 10]

(c) _Breach 3_. The defendant does not admit this breach.[note: 11]

(d) _Breach 4_. The defendant relies on the Implied Term and denies that
liquidated damages are payable.[note: 12]

(e) _Breach 5_. The defendant does not admit this breach.[note: 13]

(f) _Breach 6_. The defendant contends that Cl 4 of the Supplemental Agreement
does not prohibit Chiang Sing Jeong from entering into a trust arrangement in
respect of his shares.[note: 14]

(g) _Breach 7_. The defendant does not admit the breach and contends that the
plaintiff has given a conditional consent on 2 November 2008 to one Jessica
Soh becoming a shareholder and director of the defendant and that the
plaintiff was “prepared to consider approving to Mr Tan Tee Seng and Mr Kek
Chai Seng’s shares in the Defendant to the new investor” [_sic_].[note: 15]

(h) _Breach 8_ is not admitted by the defendant.[note: 16]

10 My observations and comments on the alleged breaches and defences are:

(a) _Breach 1_. The defendant’s defence is not that it has fulfilled the terms
of the Building Agreement, but rather that the terms are varied by the Implied
Term which provided that the plaintiff would not do anything that would
unreasonably prevent the defendant from fulfilling its obligations. In its
Reply, the plaintiff disputed that there was such an Implied Term. In the
affidavits of Chiang Sing Jeong filed in response to the plaintiff’s
application for summary judgment, there is no reference to any implied term or
understanding. One would expect that when the defendant takes the position
that the plaintiff has breached the Implied Term by unreasonably preventing
the defendant from completing the development and commencing operations, it
will make a counter-claim for the loss and damage it incurred. However, no
such counter-claim is made.

(b) _Breach 2_. My observations are the same as for _Breach 1_.

(c) _Breach 3_. The pleaded defence is not that the defendant does not admit
failing to make full payment of the GAP. Rather, in the affidavit of Chiang
Sing Jeong filed on behalf of the defendant on 3 August 2010 he accepts that
GAP was payable with effect from 25 August 2007, but he deposed at para 42
that:

I would suggest that [the defendant] is not liable to continue making payment
of the GAP even after 25 August 2008 when the delay in development was caused
by [the plaintiff].

without identifying the conduct of the plaintiff that caused the delay, and
without stating how the conduct entitles the defendant to discontinue payment
of GAP.

(d) _Breach 4_. The defendant denies liability to pay liquidated damages by
relying on the Implied Term without elaboration.

(e) _Breach 5_. The defendant’s pleaded defence is a bare non-admission. In
Chiang Sing Jeong’s affidavit of 3 August 2010 he argues (at para 44) that
while it was intended that the defendant would commence operations by 25
August 2008, the defendant was unable to do that because of the conduct of the
plaintiff.

(f) _Breach 6_. The defendant’s defence fails to take into account Cl 15 of
the Supplemental Agreement –

15.AMALGAMATION, TRANSFER AND DISPOSAL OF SHARES

(i)The Lessee shall, on or before the execution of this Agreement, forward to
the Lessor for its approval full particulars of its directors and all persons
having _legal or beneficial interest_ in any of the shares of the Lessee, the
description and amount of such shares held by each such person, such
particulars to be certified by a director of the Lessee to be true and
correct.

(ii)The Lessee shall not, without the prior written consent of the Lessor,
amalgamate or merge with any corporation, firm or any other party or go into
voluntary liquidation or reconstruction of its company or commit or do any act
or things so as to cause compulsory winding up proceedings to be taken against
it or alter the constitution of its board of directors or its shareholders or
sell, transfer, assign, exchange, allot or issue or _pledge or in any manner
dispose_ of any of its shares to any person, corporation, firm or party ...

[emphasis added]

The effect of Cl 15 is discussed in [12]  _infra_.

(g) _Breach 7_. The defence that the defendant had received the plaintiff’s
“conditional consent” and that the plaintiff “was prepared to consider giving
its approval” falls short of stating that the plaintiff has given its consent.

(h) _Breach 8_. The defence is a bare non-admission. In Chiang Sing Jeong’s
affidavit of 3 August 2010, he alleges (at para 47) that IRAS had agreed to
the payment of the property tax by instalments, but no evidence of the
agreement was exhibited.

11 I affirmed the AR’s order that the defendant deliver possession of the
property to the plaintiff. The plaintiff is entitled to recover possession
under Cl 5 of the Supplemental Agreement and Cl 17 of the Building Agreement
(set out at [7] and [8] above respectively). Clause 5 of the Supplemental
Agreement refers to Cl 4 of the Building Agreement, which states:

4\. _ADDITIONAL OBLIGATIONS OF LESSEE_

The Lessee shall ensure that within 1 month from the Effective Date [26
February 2007], Chiang Sing Jeong and/or Cafe Aquarium Pte Ltd (ACRA No.
200411468H) shall hold at least 51% of the issued shares of the Lessee. In the
event of a breach of this subclause, the Lessor shall be entitled to exercise
its rights under Clause 5 below.

12 There are two provisions of the Supplemental Agreement and the Building
Agreement which refer to the holding of the shares of the defendant: Cl 4 (set
out above) and Cl 15 of the Building Agreement. The latter provides that:

15.AMALGAMATION, TRANSFER AND DISPOSAL OF SHARES

(i)The Lessee shall, on or before the execution of this Agreement, forward to
the Lessor for its approval full particulars of its directors and all persons
having _legal or beneficial interest_ in any of the shares of the Lessee, the
description and amount of such shares held by each such person, such
particulars to be certified by a director of the Lessee to be true and
correct.

(ii)The Lessee shall not, without the prior written consent of the Lessor,
amalgamate or merge with any corporation, firm or any other party or go into
voluntary liquidation or reconstruction of its company or commit or do any act
or things so as to cause compulsory winding up proceedings to be taken against
it or alter the constitution of its board of directors or its shareholders or
sell, transfer, assign, exchange, allot or issue or _pledge or in any manner
dispose_ of any of its shares to any person, corporation, firm or party ...

[emphasis added]

13 The defendant’s obligations with regard to the holding of the shares of the
defendant are laid down in Cl 4 and Cl 15 of the Building Agreement. The
defendant is obliged under Cl 15(i) to seek the plaintiff’s approval of the
persons having _legal or beneficial interest_ in the shares of the defendant.
The parties recognise that whether the shares of the defendant are owned
legally or beneficially by a person, that ownership must be approved by the
plaintiff. Consequently, Lim Chong Poon’s beneficial ownership of the 310,000
of the shares in the defendant under the trust of 8 January 2010 without the
approval of the plaintiff, is in breach of Cl 15(ii). The defence that Cl 4 of
the Supplemental Agreement does not prohibit Chiang Sing Jeong from entering
into a trust arrangement in respect of his shares does not address the
plaintiff’s complaint that the defendant did not obtain the plaintiff’s
written consent. (I should point out that the failure to obtain the
plaintiff’s consent for the variation of Chiang Sing Jeong’s shareholding is
not a breach of Cl 4 of the Supplemental Agreement, which strictly relates to
the state of ownership of the shares one month from the Effective Date of 26
February 2007.)

14 The plaintiff also complains of another two breaches of Cl 15(ii) of the
Building Agreement, namely that the defendant had without the consent of the
plaintiff:

(a) issued 350,000 shares to Almega Investments Pte Ltd and 150,000 shares to
Tan Tee Seng, and

(b) changed the defendant’s board of directors with the appointment of one Soh
Kee Hoon as a director of the defendant on 27 February 2008.

15 The defendant’s response to these complaints is that the plaintiff was
“prepared to consider approving to Mr Tan Tee Seng and Mr Kek Chai Seng’s
shares in the Defendant to the new investor.” On its pleaded defence, the
defendant does not dispute that it has not obtained the plaintiff’s consent
for issuing the shares to Almega Investments Pte Ltd and Tan Tee Seng.

16 The defendant’s defence to the complaint of the appointment of the director
is that the plaintiff had given “conditional consent” on 21 November 2008 to
the appointment of one Jessica Soh (apparently the same person as Soh Kee
Hoon) as a director. Quite aside from the fact that Cl 15(ii) of the Building
Agreement refers to consent and not conditional consent, the pleaded defence
does not deal with the defendant’s obligation to obtain the prior consent of
the plaintiff _before_ altering the composition of the defendant’s board of
directors with the appointment of Soh Kee Hoon/Jessica Soh as a director on 27
February 2008.

17 As the defendant has breached Cl 15(ii) when it failed to seek the
plaintiff’s consent for the trust arrangement over the 310,000 shares, the
issuance of the shares to Almega Investments Pte Ltd and Tan Tee Seng, and the
appointment of Soh Kee Hoon/Jessica Soh as a director of the defendant, the
plaintiff is entitled under Cl 17 to recover possession of the property. For
this reason, the order for the delivery of possession is affirmed.

18 I ordered the defendant to provide security of $900,000 as a condition for
being granted leave to defend the plaintiff’s claims for the unpaid GAP and
liquidated damages which added up to $917,487.95. The defendant’s defence to
this claim is that there is an implied term that the plaintiff “would not do
anything that would unreasonably prevent the Defendant from fulfilling its
contractual obligations”.[note: 17] The defendant has not alleged in any of
the correspondence with the plaintiff disclosed in the affidavits that there
is such an implied term. The Implied Term was raised for the first time in the
pleaded defence, without any counter-claim against the plaintiff for breaching
it. Furthermore, the defendant has only pleaded that “the Plaintiff prevented
the Defendant from fulfilling its contractual obligations” (see [8](a)
above).[note: 18] There is a point to be noted here, which is that there must
be a difference between prevention and unreasonable prevention. The plaintiff,
as the lessor, has the right to require the defendant to carry out the
development in accordance to the terms of the Building Agreement and the
Supplemental Agreement. Even assuming the existence of the Implied Term, the
defendant cannot complain unless the plaintiff exercises its right
unreasonably.

19 Against the backdrop of the late assertion of the existence of the alleged
Implied Term (which the plaintiff disputes), the fact that the pleaded defence
does not complain of _unreasonable_ prevention and the absence of a counter-
claim, the Implied Term defence is short of substance and consistency. For
this reason, I ordered that the defendant should only be permitted to defend
the two claims conditional upon the provision of security.

* * *

[note: 1]Statement of Claim, para 23

[note: 2]Statement of Claim, para 24

[note: 3]Statement of Claim, para 25

[note: 4]Statement of Claim, para 26

[note: 5]Statement of Claim, para 27

[note: 6]Statement of Claim, para 28 and affidavit of Goh Lye Whatt of 19
April 2010, pp104–105

[note: 7]Statement of Claim, para 29

[note: 8]Statement of Claim, para 30

[note: 9]Defence (Amendment No.1) para 13

[note: 10]Defence (Amendment No.1) para 16

[note: 11]Defence (Amendment No.1) para 18

[note: 12]Defence (Amendment No.1) para 19

[note: 13]Defence (Amendment No.1) para 21

[note: 14]Defence (Amendment No.1) para 22

[note: 15]Defence (Amendment No.1) para 23

[note: 16]Defence (Amendment No.1) para 24

[note: 17]Defence (Amendment No.1), para 13

[note: 18]Defence (Amendment No.1), para 13

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 13 Jul 2011 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

