Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Baumann Xiaoyan _v_ Tong Lian Joo and another  
[2011] SGHC 178

Case Number| :| Suit No 804 of 2009  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 28 July 2011  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Judith Prakash J  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Jimmy Yim SC and Vikna Rajah s/o Thambirajah (Drew &
Napier LLC) for the plaintiff; Pang Xiang Zhong and Wijaya Ravana Sivanathan
(Peter Pang & Co) for the first defendant; Ng Lip Chih and Alfian Teo (NLC Law
Asia LLP) for the second defendant.  
Parties| :|  Baumann Xiaoyan — Tong Lian Joo and another  
  
28 July 2011| Judgment reserved  
---|---  
  
Judith Prakash J:

Introduction

1 The plaintiff’s claim arises out of a transaction in which she purchased
several works of art from the first defendant. The action is based on
misrepresentation as well as on a breach of an undertaking.

2 The plaintiff has a doctorate in law and runs a number of specialist
clinics. She is married to Mr Felix Huang (“Mr Huang”). The first defendant is
a well known businessman in Singapore and has collected art works for many
years. The second defendant was his personal assistant at all material times.

Factual background

The purchase of the paintings

3 Sometime in September 2008, Mr Huang was introduced to one Mr Marcus Chin
(“Mr Chin”) by a mutual friend. When Mr Chin found out that Mr Huang was
interested in art, he suggested that Mr Huang meet the first defendant, as the
latter was an avid art collector with a vast collection of art in his office.

4 On 17 September 2008, Mr Chin arranged a meeting between himself, Mr Huang
and the first defendant at the first defendant’s office at HUB Synergy Point.
When Mr Huang arrived at the office, he was greeted by the second defendant,
whom Mr Chin introduced as his mother. Shortly thereafter, the first defendant
joined the meeting.

5 Mr Huang claimed in his affidavit of evidence-in-chief (“AEIC”) that the
first defendant had said that he was a successful businessman who had been
collecting paintings for many years, and showed him photographs of himself
with dignitaries. The first defendant also told Mr Huang that he had purchased
most of his paintings directly from the artists. He told Mr Huang to choose a
few paintings and promised to give him a very good discount for them.

6 Mr Huang then picked out seven paintings and one wood carving. These were:

(a) a painting signed with the name “Walter Spies”;

(b) a painting with the purported signature of Wang Yi Dong;

(c) two paintings with the initials AF, purportedly the signature of the
painter Affandi;

(d) a painting with the purported signature of Hendra Gunawan;

(e) a painting in which the painter’s name could not be made out;

(f) a painting signed with the name signed _“_ R Bonnet; and

(g) a wood carving engraved with the name “Hendra Gunawan”.

7 The first defendant said that he was prepared to accept $150,000 for these
works. According to Mr Huang, the first defendant assured him that if he was
not wholly satisfied with the purchase or if he discovered that any of the art
pieces were not originals, the $150,000 would be refunded to him.

8 On the same day, Mr Huang informed the plaintiff of this meeting and the
selection he had made. The plaintiff was keen to view the first defendant’s
collection of artworks. So, later that evening, the plaintiff and Mr Huang met
the first defendant at his office (“the 17 September 2008 evening meeting”).
The plaintiff claimed thatshe enquired whether or not the art pieces were
originals and the first defendant replied that they were originals. The first
defendant added that he would never collect counterfeits, and reiterated that
if the art works were counterfeits, he would give her a full refund.The
plaintiff then paid $150,000 forthe pieces which her husband had selected
(“the first agreement”).

9 The plaintiff and Mr Huang were keen to increase their collection further.
On 21 September 2008, Mr Huang met the second defendant at premises at Ang
Siang Hill. The second defendant took Mr Huang to a storeroom where there were
numerous paintings. She drew Mr Huang’s attention to a set of ten paintings
which were purportedly by the artist Affandi. Mr Huang chose two of these
paintings. Thereafter, the second defendant told him that if he was interested
in the rest of the shipment, he should proceed to the first defendant’s
office. Mr Huang did so and there, in the presence of the first defendant, he
chose the following ten paintings and sketches:

(a) two charcoal sketches by artists whose names could not be made out;

(b) a painting bearing the name “Walter Spies”;

(c) a painting which Mr Huang claims that the second defendant orally
represented as an original signed by Xu Bei Hong;

(d) a painting which the first defendant allegedly orally represented as being
painted by Wai Meng, whom he described as a famous painter;

(e) a painting bearing the name “Antonio Blanco” with a certificate at the
back of the painting describing it as an authentic Antonio Blanco painting;

(f) a painting bearing the name “R Bonnet”;

(g) a painting bearing the name “Soejano”;

(h) a painting bearing the name “Arie Smith”; and

(i) a painting purportedly signed by Chen Yi Fei, whom the second defendant
allegedly described as a “famous painter whom [the plaintiff] would know”.

10 Later that evening, the defendants visited the plaintiff and Mr Huang at
their home to determine the price of the additional ten paintings and to
collect payment. The first defendant reiterated that he would give the
plaintiff a full refund if either she or Mr Huang was not satisfied with the
purchase. According to the plaintiff, the first defendant said that “$150,000
was very cheap for such famous painters.” The plaintiff then paid the first
defendant $150,000 for these works (“the second agreement”).

11 Sometime around the end of September 2008, Mr Huang sent four paintings to
Sotheby’s for an assessment of their authenticity. They were the purported
Affandi paintings purchased under the first agreement, and the purported
Walter Spies, Antiono Blanco and R Bonnet paintings purchased under the second
agreement. According to Mr Huang, Sotheby’s subsequently informed him that all
the paintings were counterfeits.

The third set of paintings

12 Soon after, sometime in October 2008, the second defendant contacted Mr
Huang regarding a third set of six paintings (“the third set”). It was alleged
that she represented that “ _for sure these are originals_ ”. Mr Huang agreed
to view the third set because if they were original paintings, he intended to
acquire them in exchange for the counterfeit artworks purchased under the
first and second agreements.

13 On 20 October 2008, the second defendant and one Mr Michael Ngor took the
third set to the plaintiff’s home (“the 20 October 2008 meeting”). At the
start of the meeting, Mr Huang took out a hand-held video recorder and
recorded all the paintings that the second defendant had brought. He then
placed the video recorder on a shelf to record what was being said by the
second defendant. At this meeting, the second defendant made a number of
representations regarding the authenticity of the paintings. However, Mr Huang
was unconvinced and he wanted to verify the authenticity of the paintings
before purchasing them. As such, no agreement was reached on the sale and
purchase of the third set.

14 The next day, the plaintiff and Mr Huang took one of the paintings from the
third set, which was purportedly by the artist Wu Guanzhong, to Professor
Arthur Lim, a well-known eye surgeon and art collector. After assessing the
painting, Professor Arthur Lim concluded that it was not an original work by
Wu Guanzhong.

15 Mr Huang then requested that the second defendant come to his home to take
back all the artwork purchased from the first defendant.

16 On 21 or 22 October 2008, Mr Huang telephoned the second defendant and said
that he did not believe that the paintings in the third set were originals. He
declined to purchase them. He also told her that at least some of the
paintings sold to the plaintiff under the first and second agreements were not
original works. Mr Huang asked her to inform the first defendant that he and
the plaintiff wanted a full refund of the $300,000 paid for the 19 paintings
and one wood carving (“the Artworks”) purchased under the first and second
agreements.

The undertaking

17 Subsequently, the second defendant informed Mr Huang that the first
defendant would keep his promise to refund the $300,000 but had asked to be
given one year to return the money as he was in a poor financial state. The
plaintiff and Mr Huang sympathised with the first defendant and decided to
accede to his request for more time to return the $300,000. They, however,
wanted evidence of his commitment. Therefore, Mr Huang drafted a letter of
undertaking (“the Written Undertaking”) which _inter alia_ stated:

I, Mr Tong Djoe, hereby promise to return the above-mentioned S$300,000.00
(Singapore Dollars Three Hundred Thousand Only) in CASH to Dr Xiaoyan Baumann
latest by 1st August 2009. Upon returning the $300,000.00 (Singapore Dollars
Three Hundred Thousand Only) to Dr Baumann, Dr Baumann shall return back to Mr
Tong Djoe the above mentioned 19 (nineteen) paintings plus 1 (one) wood
carving. Photographs of all these 19 (nineteen) paintings plus 1 (one) wooden
carving are attached.

The Written Undertaking was also translated into Mandarin as the plaintiff and
Mr Huang wanted to ensure that the first defendant understood the obligations
it contained.

18 On 4 November 2008, the defendants met the plaintiff and Mr Huang to
resolve the matter. The plaintiff and Mr Huang confronted the defendants about
the misrepresentations regarding the authenticity of the Artworks. The
plaintiff then orally rescinded the first and second agreements and demanded
her money back. According to her, the first defendant reiterated that he was
encountering a “cash-flow problem” and could only return the money in August
2009. He added that the Plaintiff and Mr Huang could keep the Artworks as
security for the $300,000. Mr Huang then handed the first defendant the
Written Undertaking. It was signed by the first defendant. The Written
Undertaking is dated 4 November 2008 and bears the signatures of the plaintiff
and the first defendant, and that of Mr Huang as witness.

19 At the end of the 4 November 2008 meeting, the first defendant took back
the third set. The loading of these paintings into a van was witnessed by
Stephen Wong Ji Kin, the security guard on duty that evening at the
plaintiff’s apartment block.

Events leading to this action

20 When the deadline for repayment expired on 1 August 2009, the first
defendant had failed to pay the plaintiff the sum of $300,000 or any part
thereof. On 11 August 2009, the plaintiff sent the following text messages to
both the defendants asking them to return the money:

Tong Joo,

I am Cheryl. You ought to have returned SGD 300,000 to us on 1st of August.
When can we collect the money from your place? How about tomorrow? We have
already waited for a year.

21 As the plaintiff did not receive a response, she engaged solicitors to
recover her money. On 19 August 2009, the plaintiff’s solicitors wrote a
letter of demand demanding the return of $300,000 and interest.

22 The first defendant’s solicitors replied by way of letter dated 10
September 2009 and denied that the first defendant had made any
representations regarding the authenticity of the Artworks. The first
defendant asserted that there was a sum of $500,000 due and owing from the
plaintiff to him for the third set, which he alleged had not been returned to
him. The first defendant further alleged that the plaintiff was in breach of
the Written Undertaking for not returning the Artworks.

23 On 16 September 2009, the first defendant commenced Suit No 792 of 2009
(“Suit 792”) against the plaintiff in which he claimed, _inter alia_ , the sum
of $500,000 as being due and owing to him for the third set. On 18 September
2009, the plaintiff commenced the present action against the defendants, for
_inter alia_ , the return of the sum of $300,000.

24 Subsequently, it was agreed between the first defendant and the plaintiff
that the first defendant would discontinue Suit 792 and instead include a
counterclaim for the sum of $500,000 in the present proceedings.

The pleadings

25 In the statement of claim, the plaintiff alleged that the first and/or the
second defendant had committed fraudulent misrepresentation and/or had been
guilty of deceit in respect of the plaintiff. Paragraph 33.1 of the statement
of claim sets out the representations allegedly made by the first and second
defendants with regard to the first agreement and para 33.2 sets out the
representations allegedly made with regard to the second agreement. The
plaintiff averred that these representations were made fraudulently in that
the defendants knew that the representations were false or they were reckless
in making them not caring whether they were true or false. As a result of the
fraudulent misrepresentations, the plaintiff was induced into entering the
first and second agreements and purchasing the Artworks.

26 In the alternative, the plaintiff relied on the provisions of the
Misrepresentation Act (Cap 390, 1994 Rev Ed). In the further alternative, the
plaintiff pleaded that the first and/or second defendants made negligent
misrepresentations which induced her to enter into the first and second
agreements. She further alleged that it was a fundamental term of the
agreements that all the Artworks were originals and that this term was
breached by the first defendant. The plaintiff further pleaded, as against the
first defendant, that he failed, neglected or refused to pay the sum due and
owing under the Written Undertaking.

27 The reliefs claimed by the plaintiff include the following:

(a) a declaration that she has validly rescinded the first and second
agreements; alternatively rescission of the same;

(b) return of the sum of $300,000; and

(c) damages to be assessed.

28 The first defendant has amended his pleadings several times. The key
averments in the Defence and Counterclaim (Amendment No 2) dated 9 April 2010
filed jointly on behalf of the first and second defendants were as follows:

12 ...

(a) At no time did the 1st Defendant agree that in the event that any of the
paintings or art pieces were not authentic, he would refund all the monies
back to the Plaintiff.

...

(d) There was no discussion of the [third set] and as there was no mention of
this in the written undertaking, the Plaintiff was thus obliged to pay the
said sum of $500,000 as the Plaintiff continued to retain these paintings.

(e) Consequently, as the written undertaking did not incorporate all the Terms
in the Third Transaction, it did not constitute a binding agreement between
the Plaintiff and the 1st Defendant.

29 On 2 November 2010, the second defendant, having instructed new solicitors,
filed a separate Defence on her own behalf. She distanced herself from the
first defendant and admitted that the third set had been returned to the first
defendant. She averred that the transactions had been between the first
defendant and the plaintiff and Mr Huang and had nothing to do with her as she
had been the first defendant’s personal assistant at all material times. She
denied making the alleged representations set out in the statement of claim.
She also denied that the plaintiff was induced by anything she had said to buy
the Artworks.

30 The first defendant also changed solicitors. Subsequently, the plaintiff
received a letter dated 10 December 2010 from the first defendant’s new
solicitors enclosing a Notice to Deliver, which stated as follows:

I, Tong Djoe @ Tong Lian Joo, holder of NRIC [XXX] of 70 Anson Road, #27-00,
Singapore hereby give you notice that I want you to return all 19 paintings
and 1 wood carving identified in the Letter of Undertaking dated 3 November
2008 specifically referred to in Suit 804 of 2009/J in the High Court of
Singapore in the state and condition that they were delivered to you within 10
days from the date.

By prior appointment, I will hand over in exchange to you a Banker’s
guarantee, a copy of which is attached hereto, to assure you of full payment
of $300,000-00 under the terms of my Letter of Undertaking.

And upon the delivery of the said 19 paintings and 1 wood carving, in the
state and condition when they were handed to you, the Bank guarantee will be
released together with an acknowledgement of receipt from me.

Upon receiving your intention to deliver the 19 paintings and 1 wood craving
[sic], I will arrange for the Banker’s guarantee to be available in 3 working
days for the exchange at my office #27-00, 70 Anson Road, Singapore.

Please be informed I would like to emphasize that should the above 19
paintings and 1 wood carving are not in the state and condition they were
handed over to you by me or not delivered within the stipulated time, I will
hold you in breach of the terms of the Settlement of 4 November 2008 and will
seek the appropriate relief from the court or alternatively for damages
suffered.

31 The first defendant then filed a further amended pleading. By his Defence
and Counterclaim (Amendment No 3) dated 24 December 2010 (“Defence and
Counterclaim (Amendment No 3)”), he:

(a) admitted that the [Artworks were] sold to the plaintiff on the
understanding that she was entitled to be reimbursed by him with her purchase
price of $300,000 if she was not satisfied;

(b) changed his initial position that the Written Undertaking was not a
binding agreement and averred instead that the Written Undertaking was a full
and final settlement agreement and that the plaintiff had compromised her
original causes of action, including misrepresentation;

(c) dropped his counterclaim for $500,000 or any damage arising out of the
plaintiff’s breach of contract for the sale and purchase of the third set; and

(d) added a counterclaim for damages arising from breach of the Written
Undertaking based on the plaintiff’s failure to deliver the Artwork under the
Notice to Deliver.

Plaintiff’s claim against the first defendant

32 As a result of the significant changes in the first defendant’s defence and
counterclaim referred to above, the issues before me have been reduced to the
following:

(a) given that the first defendant accepted that he was obliged to reimburse
the plaintiff with the purchase money paid by her if she was not satisfied,
did he breach the terms of the Written Undertaking?

(b) was the plaintiff obliged to comply with the first defendant’s Notice to
Deliver dated 9 December 2010 _ie_ was the plaintiff obliged to return the
Artworks before she could claim the reimbursement of her payment?

(c) whether the Written Undertaking was a full and final settlement agreement
which extinguished the plaintiff’s other causes of action.

33 At the outset, it is worth noting that the first defendant did not take the
stand for cross-examination and therefore his affidavit of evidence in chief
could not be received in evidence without the leave of court pursuant to O 38
r 2(1) of the Rules of Court (Cap 322, 2006 Rev Ed). No such leave was sought
on behalf of the first defendant. No other witnesses were called on his behalf
either. Thus, he did not adduce any evidence in answer to the evidence adduced
on behalf of the plaintiff. As the first defendant did not adduce evidence,
the plaintiff only needs to adduce _prima facie_ evidence supporting the
elements of her claim (see _Central Bank of India v Hemant Govindprasad
Bansal_ [2002] 3 SLR 190 at [21]).

34 The first defendant was obliged under the Written Undertaking to return the
$300,000 by 1 August 2009. The first defendant’s argument that the plaintiff’s
demand for the return of the $300,000 was not in accordance with the Written
Undertaking as the plaintiff did not express any intention to return the
Artworks despite oral requests made for the return of the same is untenable.
No evidence was led to show that the first defendant made oral requests for
the return of the Artworks. More importantly, the Written Undertaking
expressly states that it is only _upon_ the first defendant returning the
plaintiff $300,000 in cash that the plaintiff would be obliged to hand over
the Artworks to the first defendant. Additionally, the emphasis that the first
defendant placed on being entitled to _inspect_ the Artworks before paying the
plaintiff is incredible considering that the Written Undertaking contains no
such term. Undoubtedly, the first defendant has breached the terms of the
Written Undertaking by failing to pay the plaintiff $300,000 by 1 August 2009.

35 There is no doubt that the Written Undertaking constituted a binding
contract because it was signed by the first defendant in consideration of the
plaintiff’s agreement not to enforce the return of the $300,000 immediately
but to give him time to pay up till 1 August 2009. Accordingly, the plaintiff
was not obliged to comply with the Notice to Deliver as it was inconsistent
with the Written Undertaking. Under the Written Undertaking, the first
defendant was obliged to pay the plaintiff cash. It was never contemplated
that the refund would be in the form of a bank guarantee conditional on the
first defendant acknowledging that the Artworks were in the state and
condition that they were in when they were handed to the plaintiff. As the
plaintiff argued, if the first defendant’s position is correct, there is
nothing to stop him from claiming that the Artworks were not in the condition
they were in when they were handed to him, and using this excuse to refuse to
refund the $300,000. The first defendant’s counterclaim for damages for being
“deprived of the possession” of the Artworks arising from the plaintiff’s
alleged breach of the Written Undertaking is clearly unsustainable.

36 The first defendant also damaged his credibility as he had initially
claimed that the Written Undertaking was not a binding agreement but
subsequently changed his position and claimed that it was a full and final
settlement of the plaintiff’s claim against him. In any event, on the evidence
adduced, it is clear that the Written Undertaking was not a full and final
settlement/compromise agreement. The circumstances under which the Written
Undertaking was drafted as set out in the testimony of the plaintiff and Mr
Huang (which was not refuted by the first defendant) showed that the purpose
of the document was to record the plaintiff’s acceptance of first defendant’s
request for more time for payment. The plaintiff did not compromise the amount
of the claim or the basis of the claim in any way. What she did was simply to
agree not to enforce immediate recovery. The wording of the Written
Undertaking reflects this. The document does not state that it is a full and
final settlement. Rather, the Written Undertaking appears to be no more than a
written acknowledgement, or an “IOU” of sorts, stating that the first
defendant owes the plaintiff the full purchase price of $300,000 and promising
to make payment of the same by 1 August 2009.

37 There is no doubt that the plaintiff has established, at the very least, a
_prima facie_ case against the first defendant. As such, the plaintiff is
entitled to a refund of the purchase price of $300,000 and to interest at the
rate of 5.33% per annum as from 2 August 2009. As regards the plaintiff’s
claim for a rescission of the first and second agreements, this is not
required because it was the plaintiff’s position that, as part of the
agreements, the first defendant had agreed from the beginning to refund her
the purchase price if she was not satisfied with the Artworks. That being the
case, the plaintiff can have her remedy of repayment without the need for
rescission. The plaintiff also made an alternative claim for damages. Such a
relief is not appropriate since the plaintiff’s claim herein was basically a
claim for a liquidated sum and the damages recoverable in respect of such a
claim are constituted by the award of interest.

The plaintiff’s case against the second defendant

38 The plaintiff’s cause of action against the second defendant is for
negligent misrepresentation. The issues are:

(a) whether the second defendant made the alleged misrepresentations;

(b) whether a duty of care ought to be imposed on the second defendant; and

(c) whether, if a duty of care is imposed on second defendant, she had met the
reasonable standard of care expected of her in the circumstances.

Did the second defendant make the alleged misrepresentations?

39 The alleged representations that induced the plaintiff to enter into the
first and second agreements are as follows:

(a) at the 17 September 2008 evening meeting, the second defendant orally
represented to the plaintiff and Mr Huang that the first defendant would
“never purchase fakes” (“No-fakes Representation”);

(b) the second defendant orally represented to Mr Huang that two paintings she
had shown Mr Huang in a storeroom at a club at Ang Siang Hill were original
works by Affandi (“Affandi Representation”);

(c) the second defendant orally represented to Mr Huang that a painting was an
original by Xu Bei Hong (“XBH Representation”); and

(d) with respect to a painting of a Chinese lady holding a fan bearing the
signature of Chen Yi Fei, the second defendant orally represented that the
said artist was “a famous painter whom [the plaintiff] would know” (“CYF
Representation”).

40 In relation to the No-fakes Representation, the plaintiff testified that at
the 17 September 2008 evening meeting, the second defendant represented that
the first defendant “would never buy fakes”. As supporting evidence, she
relied on the transcripts of the meeting on 20 October 2008 which showed that
the second defendant had made the following remarks:

Mr Huang: |  No, but if you sell things that are fake, you get into trouble you know for selling fakes.  
---|---  
2nd Defendant: |  No fake lah.  
Mr Huang: |  No fake, you know for sure.  
2nd Defendant: |  I think is not fake, for what he wants to sell fake things like what you say correct or not  
  
  

The plaintiff contended that the second defendant also represented that the Wu
Guanzhong and the Walter Spies paintings that the first defendant had were
original works. She argued that given the approach taken by the second
defendant regarding the third set, this court can and should infer that she
made similar representations to the plaintiff and Mr Huang regarding the
Artworks at the first and second meetings.

41 The second defendant denied making any of the representations. She
contended that apart from the plaintiff’s and Mr Huang’s bare assertions, the
plaintiff had not adduced any other evidence to prove that the second
defendant did in fact make these representations.

42 As regards the Affandi Representation, whilst the second defendant denied
in her defence that she had made it, her evidence in court was somewhat
different. Under cross-examination, the second defendant made certain
admissions. She said:

2nd Defendant: |  Yah, I say this is the – the whole stack of Affandis? Mr Tong Djoe told me this is the shipment.  
---|---  
... |   
Mr Yim: |  Maybe you didn’t use the word “original” but you said this is a whole shipment of Affandis? ...  
2nd Defendant: |  Yes.  
  
  

Whilst the second defendant emphatically denied that she had used the word
“originals” to describe the paintings by Affandi, the obvious implication of
what she admitted to have told Mr Huang was that the whole stack of paintings
which she was showing him comprised original works by Affandi. I find that
this representation has been proved.

43 As for the XBH Representation, the second defendant argued that there was
no evidence that she had made this representation at all. In Mr Huang’s
affidavit of evidence in chief, he had said at para 24(v):

A portrait of a man (which I later learnt was a self-portrait of Rembrandt)
which the 1st Defendant orally represented was a painting by **_Xu Bei
Hong_**.

The first defendant submitted that Mr Huang’s evidence had stated without
qualification that the XBH Representation had come from the first defendant
and he had made no reference to the second defendant as having made this
representation.

44 The plaintiff’s response was that the description “1st Defendant” in para
24(v) was an obvious typographical error and that it was clear all along that
Mr Huang had been referring to a statement from the second defendant rather
than from the first defendant. The plaintiff also noted that the fact that the
second defendant had made a representation to Mr Huang regarding the
authenticity of the Xu Bei Hong in question had been specifically put to her
during cross-examination:

Mr Yim : |  My instructions are that you actually helped describe one of these paintings at HUB Synergy point as Xu Bei Hong to Mr. Huang.  
---|---  
2nd Defendant : |  All the paintings in the Mr. Tong Djoe’s office, I can ...  
Court: |  No, can you answer the question, yes or no?  
2nd Defendant: |  No.  
  
  

Counsel for the second defendant did not object to this line of examination.
The plaintiff submitted that the argument made by the second defendant was an
attempt to take advantage of a clerical error in Mr Huang’s affidavit.

45 I find it difficult to accept the submission that the reference to the
first defendant in para 24(v) of Mr Huang’s affidavit was a typographical
error and that the plain intention was to refer to the second defendant and
such intention would have been obvious to anyone reading the affidavit.
Paragraph 24 appears in a section of the affidavit headed “The 2nd Agreement”
and deals with events occurring on 21 September 2008. Paragraph 24 recounts
what happened after the second defendant and Mr Huang had visited the
storeroom in Ang Siang Hill. It starts:

The 2nd Defendant then told me that if I was interested in the rest of the
shipment, we should proceed to the 1st Defendant’s office. The 2nd Defendant
and I proceeded to the 1st Defendant’s office. The 2nd Defendant then showed
me various paintings and asked me to pick the paintings that I liked. Soon
after, we were joined by the 1st Defendant who also asked me to select the
artwork which caught my eye. In addition to the 2 Affandis I had selected
earlier that day, I selected 10 other pieces of artwork (8 paintings and 2
sketches). ...

After this introduction, there are nine sub-paragraphs each dealing with
different artworks shown to Mr Huang by the first and the second defendant in
the first defendant’s office. It must be emphasised that the paragraph deals
with a time when both defendants were showing Mr Huang items and talking to
him about them. In three of the sub-paragraphs, Mr Huang refers to statements
made about the paintings to him by the first defendant. Apart from sub-para
24(v) quoted above, he also refers to the first defendant in sub-paras 24(vi)
and (ix):

(vi) A painting of a women [_sic_] praying with a description attached to the
back of the painting stating that the painting was titled ‘ _The Temple_ ’
which the 1st Defendant orally represented as being the work of **_Wai Ming_**
whom the 1st Defendant described as ‘ _a famous painter_ ’ ...

(ix) A painting which the 1st Defendant represented as being painted by one ‘
_Soejano_ ’ ...

On the other hand, there is a specific reference to the second defendant in
only one sub-paragraph _viz_ para 24(xi):

(xi) A painting of a Chinese lady holding a fan with the purported signature
of **_Chen Yi Fei_** at the bottom right-hand corner of the painting whom the
2nd Defendant described as ‘ _being a famous painter whom your wife would
know_ ’ ...

46 From a study of Mr Huang’s affidavit, it is not apparent that the reference
to the first defendant in para 24(v) was a typographical error. As noted
above, both defendants were present at the time the XBH Representation was
made and there is no reason why the second defendant rather than the first
defendant as identified in the affidavit should have made this representation.
Mr Huang clearly testified in that paragraph of the affidavit to various
statements made to him by the first defendant in his office that evening and
only testified to one statement made by the second defendant when she was in
the presence of the first defendant. In the circumstances, I accept the second
defendant’s submission that there was no evidence that she made the XBH
Representation. The fact that her counsel did not object when the plaintiff’s
counsel asked the second defendant whether she had made the representation
does not amount to evidence contradicting her denial.

47 As for the other two representations, since all the evidence is oral, I
have the classic problem of weighing each party’s evidence and deciding whom
to believe.

48 The No-fakes Representation was allegedly made to both the plaintiff and Mr
Huang whilst the CYF Representation was made to Mr Huang alone. Their evidence
on these representations was not shaken in cross-examination. The second
defendant did not challenge the credibility of either the plaintiff or Mr
Huang. She was content to submit that the plaintiff’s and Mr Huang’s
assertions were not supported by any other evidence adduced by the plaintiff.

49 On the other hand, the plaintiff did challenge the second defendant’s
credibility. The plaintiff submitted that the second defendant’s testimony was
riddled with contradictions and, in addition, she had changed positions in her
pleadings. The plaintiff relied on the transcripts of the 20 October 2008
meeting to show that the second defendant was a garrulous person who made
numerous representations regarding the authenticity of the first defendant’s
paintings. Yet, in the second defendant’s testimony, she had chosen to
describe her conversation with Mr Huang on 20 October 2008 as nothing more
than “small chit-chat from time to time”. These were the same words that she
used in her affidavit to describe what had transpired when she met Mr Huang at
Ang Siang Hill.

50 The plaintiff submitted that during the 20 October 2008 meeting, the second
defendant had made various representations about works included in the third
set. She said, _inter alia_ , that:

(a) with respect to one of the purported Wu Guanzhong paintings in the third
set, that Wu Guanzhong “gave it to Mr. Tong Joo[_sic_] when he came down to
Singapore ... in the year 1993”;

(b) when discussing Walter Spies, the second defendant stated that “you see,
so he said he can sell you this price because he bought it at a very cheap
price in the past, but he did not know the price today until lately” and that
“yes, he [the first defendant] said all walter sphere [_sic_] he bought from
his son”; and

(c) in addition, when asked about how the first defendant had so many Walter
Spies paintings, she replied “He has so many, this is long ago, not popular.
In the years 70s, 60s or 50s. He shows you what the thing, in the year 1948 he
bought”.

The plaintiff submitted that in those statements, the second defendant was
clearly implying that the paintings she referred to then were original works.

51 Whilst I accept the logic of the second defendant’s submission that one
cannot prove what she said on earlier occasions by reference to what she said
on 20 October 2008, that does not mean that the transcript showing what
transpired on 20 October 2008 has no probative value at all. It does establish
that the second defendant was talkative and was willing to make all sorts of
assertions about the paintings belonging to the first defendant. In that
transcript, she had also said that the first defendant had kept his paintings
for a very long time and that he was able to sell at a low price because he
had bought them at a low price as well. The way that the second defendant was
willing to discuss the first defendant’s collection and his motivation on 20
October 2008 makes it more likely that she had been equally willing to say
similar things about the paintings that she had previously shown Mr Huang and
the plaintiff. In coming to this conclusion, I am aware that when Mr Huang
mentioned during that meeting that if fakes were sold, the first defendant
would get into trouble, the second defendant replied by saying “no fake lah”
and when Mr Huang asked her whether she knew for sure that there were no
fakes, her reply was “I think is not fake, for what he wants to sell fake
things like what you say correct or not”. This qualification, however, does
not reduce the inherent likelihood of her having earlier made the CYF
Representation or the No-fakes Representation.

52 As the plaintiff pointed out, the difference in the second defendant’s
approach during the meeting on 20 October 2008 when she was trying to sell the
third set and her approach in her affidavit was stark. In the affidavit, she
claimed that she would never answer questions about the authenticity of the
paintings. At paras 33 and 34 of her affidavit she had stated:

33\. I did not at any time in the sale and purchase of the Purchased Artworks,
made any representations, whether fraudulently or recklessly, of whatsoever
nature, as regards the authenticity of any of the Purchased Artworks to [the
plaintiff] or [Mr Huang] ...

34\. As I was merely Tong Djoe’s personal assistant, Tong Djoe did not
authorise me to make any representations as regards the authenticity of any of
Purchased Artworks on behalf of himself. Due to this, I would not have said to
[the plaintiff] or [Mr Huang] any matter which I did not have the
authorization from Tong Djoe to say, and in any regard, I did not say anything
to [the plaintiff] or [Mr Huang] that Tong Djoe would not himself had [_sic_]
said to them.

During the meeting of 20 October 2008, however, she had talked about the Wu
Guanzhong painting and the Walter Spies paintings quite freely. During cross-
examination, she admitted that when asked whether a painting was an original,
she would say that it was “not fake” and she tried to explain this away by
saying that in her view, art could never be fake unlike gold and diamonds.
This is shown by the following exchange:

Mr Yim: |  ...  
---|---  
|  This is Mr Huang narrating back to Tong Djoe. And you see your response:  
|  _[Reads]_ “No lah, the art cannot be fake ...”  
|  You were asserting it cannot be fake –  
2nd Defendant: |  Yes.  
Mr Yim : |  \-- as opposed to the position you’ve taken in affidavit that you won’t answer any of this. You said “Mr Tong Djoe will deal with your questions.”  
2nd Defendant: |  This is a casual talk. In the office we have to be away from the – from the boss unlike [_sic_] you are wanted, like if he – if – if you ask me about the art, you know, fake or not fake, I will say not fake because it’s the artist who draw it what, so how to fake? It’s not gold –  
Mr Yim: |  Ok.  
2nd Defendant: |  \-- or not diamond or what that is fake.  
  
  

The second defendant must have realised the inconsistencies between her
affidavit evidence and what she had said on 20 October 2008 and during cross-
examination and therefore she sought to play down her statements by
emphasising her lack of education and asserting that in the nature of art,
paintings could not be faked since each painting had to be painted by an
artist.

53 Further, the second defendant was inconsistent in other areas of her
evidence. At first she had asserted that Mr Huang was the first person to whom
she had shown the first defendant’s paintings with a view to their sale.
Subsequently, the second defendant was shown an affidavit which she had filed
in a district court case where, referring to a different transaction which
took place before the one in question in these proceedings, she had said:

This was the first time I had shown people to view the 1st Defendant’s
collection and assisted in such a purchase of the 1st Defendant’s collection.

When confronted with this affidavit during cross-examination, the second
defendant’s first reaction was to blame her lawyers and say that she had
affirmed the affidavit when she was sick and the first defendant was present
at the time. Subsequently, she had called the lawyer in that case and asked
the lawyer to change the affidavit. Under repeated questioning in this case,
however, the second defendant finally admitted that Mr Huang was not the first
person to whom she had shown the first defendant’s paintings.

54 The second defendant also told different stories in relation to the visit
to Ang Siang Hill. At first, she said that the paintings in those premises
were kept in a storeroom and that she did not go into the storeroom because
she could not breathe in there. Later, she said that the paintings were kept
along a place which she described as “a pathway of the ... house”. She
elaborated that there was no going into a room or standing outside the room
because as soon as you entered the house there was a pathway where the
paintings were kept. Subsequently, she changed again and said “Yah, it’s a
pathway, but there are also store room, you see”. Finally, she decided that
the better word to describe the area where the paintings were kept was
“corridor”. In her Defence and Counterclaim (Amendment No 3), however, the
second defendant had pleaded that she had met Mr Huang at a storeroom in Ang
Siang Hill and that her role “was simply to unlock the storeroom for the
viewing of paintings by Mr Huang”.

55 When the discrepancy between her evidence and her pleading was pointed out
to the second defendant, she said that what was written in her defence was not
in accordance with what she had told her lawyers. She then claimed that she
had been sick when she had given instructions to her lawyers. Upon further
cross-examination, however, she admitted that by the time she instructed the
solicitors who had drafted her Defence and Counterclaim (Amendment No 3) she
had recovered from her illness.

56 Having considered the evidence, I find the plaintiff and Mr Huang’s
evidence on the No-fakes Representation and the CYF Representation to be more
credible than that of the second defendant. I accept that the second defendant
made both these representations in addition to the Affandi Representation. The
second defendant’s credibility on several points was doubtful as I have noted
above.

Did the second defendant owe the plaintiff a duty of care?

57 I have found that the second defendant made three representations in the
course of the plaintiff’s purchase of the Artworks. The plaintiff’s case is
that all three representations were false and she is seeking to hold the
second defendant liable for negligent misrepresentation in tort. The second
defendant did not seek to challenge the assertion that the representations
were false. However, she maintains that nonetheless, legally, she is not
liable in tort for misrepresentation to the plaintiff. The legal basis of the
claim must therefore be considered.

58 In _Trans-World (Aluminium) Ltd v Cornelder China (Singapore)_ [2003] 3
SLR(R) 501, Belinda Ang J followed and endorsed the principles of liability
for negligent mis-statement as set out in _Hedley Byrne & Co Ltd v Heller &
Partners Ltd_ [1964] AC 465 and _Caparo Industries plc v Dickman_ [1990] 2 AC
605 (“ _Caparo_ ”). Basically, there must be a special relationship of
proximity between the person making the statements and the recipient who acts
in reliance on the statements. In _Caparo_ , Lord Oliver stated that such a
relationship may typically be held to exist where (1) the advice is required
for a purpose made known to the advisor at the time the advice is given, (2)
the advisor knows that the advice would be communicated to the advisee so that
it would be used for that purpose, (3) it is known that the advice is likely
to be acted upon without independent inquiry and (4) it is so acted upon by
the advisee to his detriment. When the relationship of proximity exists
between the parties, then the advisor will owe a duty of care to the advisee
not to give negligent advice. The second element required for liability is
reliance and this means that the advisee must show that he or she relied on
the advice and was acting reasonably in doing so. In the House of Lords
decision of _Williams v Natural Life Health Foods Ltd_ [1998] 1 WLR 830 (“
_Williams_ ”) Lord Steyn stated that the “test is not simply reliance in fact”
but whether the plaintiff could reasonably rely on the assumption of personal
responsibility by the individual who performed the services on behalf of the
company (at 837).

59 The plaintiff relied on _White v Jones_ [1995] 2 AC 207 (“ _White v Jones_
”), where it was held that a solicitor who failed to draw up the will of a
client before his death owed a duty of care to the would-be beneficiaries
under the new will, and was liable to them as they were unable to claim their
inheritance. Lord Browne-Wilkinson said (at 273):

The assumption of responsibility referred to is the defendant’s assumption of
responsibility for the task, not the assumption of legal liability. _Even in
the case of ad hoc relationships, it is the undertaking to answer the
questions posed which creates the relationship_. If the responsibility for the
task is assumed by the defendant, he thereby creates a special relationship
between himself and the plaintiff in relation to which the law (not the
defendant) attaches a duty to carry out carefully the task so assumed.

[emphasis added]

The plaintiff asserted that by choosing to answer Mr Huang’s questions
regarding the Artworks, the second defendant had voluntarily assumed
responsibility towards her. She argued that, even on her own case, the second
defendant had stated during cross-examination that if asked whether an art
piece was an original, she would say that it was not a fake.

60 The second defendant responded that she did not assume responsibility
towards the plaintiff as she had told Mr Huang to direct his queries on
authenticity to the first defendant. Furthermore, she made it plain that she
did not have special knowledge and was not an expert in art. She relied on
_Edgeworth Construction Ltd v N.D Lea & Associates Ltd_ (1993) 107 DLR (4th)
169 (“ _Edgeworth Construction_ ”), where the Supreme Court of Canada found
that individual employees (in that case, engineers) did not owe a duty
although their employer did. La Forest J reasoned (at pg 9) that:

While they [the individual engineers], in one sense, have expected that
persons in the position of the appellant would rely on their work, they would
expect that the appellant would place reliance on their firm’s pocketbook and
not theirs for indemnification… Looked at the other way, the appellant could
not reasonably rely for indemnification on the individual engineers. It would
have to show that it was relying on the particular expertise of an individual
engineer without regard to the corporate character of the engineering firm. It
would seem quite unrealistic… to hold that the mere presence of an individual
engineer’s seal was sufficient indication of personal reliance (or for that
matter voluntary assumption of risk).

The second defendant also cited _Williams_ and submitted that it was not
reasonable for the plaintiff to rely on her statements.

61 In order to determine whether the necessary proximity existed and if so
whether it was reasonable for the plaintiff to rely on what the second
defendant said, it is necessary to revisit the facts. The circumstances
surrounding the acquisition of the Artworks and the context in which the
representations were made are the most important of these facts.

62 From the start, the plaintiff and Mr Huang knew that they were going to see
a private collection. Mr Huang was given the opportunity to do this by Mr Chin
who told him that his mother, the second defendant, was the personal assistant
of a well known businessman and art collector. Therefore, Mr Huang initially,
and thereafter the plaintiff, met the second defendant in her capacity as the
personal assistant of a businessman. This businessman was not running an art
gallery and the second defendant was not working in an art gallery or a
museum. The first defendant was selling his own private collection which he
had built up over many years.

63 According to Mr Huang’s evidence, on his first visit to the first
defendant’s office, Mr Huang met the first defendant who told him that he
(_ie_ the first defendant) was a successful businessman who had been
collecting paintings for many years and that he had purchased most of the
paintings from the artists directly. The first defendant showed Mr Huang the
art collection and specifically showed him a painting which he claimed was an
original work by Picasso. He asked if Mr Huang wanted to buy any of the
paintings as he needed the money. The first defendant then took Mr Huang to a
corner of the office and asked him to pick a few paintings that the latter
liked. The first defendant said that prices could be discussed later. Mr Huang
chose a few paintings and the first defendant made certain representations
about them. He then asked Mr Huang to name a price. He was not willing,
however, to accept the price named by Mr Huang and stated that the least he
could accept was $150,000 as the Artworks were all original and were worth a
lot more.

64 It is clear from the account given by Mr Huang that it was the first
defendant who was driving the sale. He made representations about his
collection and about how long he had had the paintings. He also said he had
purchased many of the Artworks directly from the artists. The second defendant
acted more as an echo than an originator of the representations. Even when the
plaintiff went to see the first defendant a few hours later, the first
defendant repeated his assertions that all the Artworks were originals and
that he would never collect counterfeits and that if any of the items was
counterfeit he would return all the money to the plaintiff. According to Mr
Huang, it was at that stage that the second defendant reiterated that the
first defendant would “never purchase fakes” (_ie_ that was when she made the
No-fakes Representation).

65 The accounts given by Mr Huang and the plaintiff make it obvious that the
second defendant’s role was to assist the first defendant by showing the
paintings to prospective purchasers. She performed this function during the
first meeting and again during the visit to Ang Siang Hill which the first
defendant did not attend. He remained in his office and sent the second
defendant out to run around for him as necessary. He did this again on 20
October 2008 when it was the second defendant who had the task of carting the
third set to Mr Huang’s home and displaying them there.

66 The second defendant did not claim to possess any special skills in the
field of art. In fact, at the 20 October 2008 meeting, the second defendant
reiterated that she did not know about art:

Mr Huang: |  But according to Tony, you know a lot about art  
---|---  
2nd Defendant: |  Because I show him all the things. With you also thought I know a lot about art. Everyone thought I know a lot about art _but actually no. I personally don’t really like art. I like beautiful things. You tell me, this one nice or not, if I think is nice, I said ok. I go for the colour that I like. I don’t bother about the artist_.  
Mr Huang: |  True, true, true  
[emphasis added]  
  
  

67 Both the plaintiff and Mr Huang admitted that the second defendant did not
state that she was an expert in art. The authors of _Clerk and Lindsell on
Torts_ , Sweet & Maxwell, 2010, 20th Ed, observed at pg 501 para 8-118:

... [I]t remains the case that a claimant is _much more likely to be able to
show that he is entitled to depend on a service or statement where the work is
undertaken by a person who is exercising a special skill in a business
context. This is particularly the case where the information being given
relates to matters which are within the exclusive preserve of the defendant_.
Thus in _Smith v Eric S Bush_ [1990] 1 AC 831 Lord Griffiths commented: “the
valuer is discharging the duties of a professional man... The essence of the
case against him is that he as a professional man realised that the purchaser
was relying on him to exercise proper skill and judgment in his profession.

[emphasis added]

The second defendant was known to them only as the first defendant’s assistant
who performed the tasks he assigned to her and at no time were they told that
she had any expertise in this area.

68 On a consideration of the evidence, I find that on balance, the second
defendant did not voluntarily assume responsibility for advising the
plaintiff. She was merely repeating things that the first defendant said and
was acting as his assistant to help him in achieving the sales. Whilst she did
earn some extra money from him when he made a successful sale, this incentive
in itself does not mean that she was acting with professional knowledge or
that she was someone whose statements could be accepted as independently
verifying what the first defendant was telling the plaintiff and Mr Huang. It
must have been clear to them after their experience with the first defendant
that, enthusiastic as the second defendant was, she was parroting her boss and
not conveying her own opinions gained from her own knowledge.

69 Furthermore, even if it is assumed that the second defendant voluntarily
assumed responsibility, the plaintiff’s claim nonetheless fails the proximity
test because it would not have been reasonable in the circumstances for the
plaintiff to rely on the representations made by the second defendant in
making her decision to purchase the Artworks. As noted above, in _Williams_ ,
where the House of Lords held that the claimants who were customers of a
company could not reasonably have looked to the defendant director of the
company for an indemnity, Lord Steyn endorsed the view of La Forest J in
_Edgeworth Construction_ and stressed the need for reasonable reliance.

70 In the present case, it is far more likely that the plaintiff and Mr Huang
relied on and were influenced by the guarantee of the first defendant, who was
supposedly a prominent businessman and an ardent art collector. After all, at
the 17 September 2008 evening meeting, the plaintiff had specifically asked
the first defendant whether the art pieces were originals and the first
defendant had assured her that they were and that he would never collect
counterfeits. Thereafter, the first defendant _reiterated that if the art
pieces were not originals he would return the monies to them_. Obviously, it
was his unequivocal guarantee that persuaded the plaintiff to purchase the
Artworks. When the owner of an artwork which he is selling makes such a
promise, it is hardly likely that a purchaser would rely on that seller’s
employee’s endorsement in deciding to buy the work in question. If the second
defendant’s alleged representations had really induced the plaintiff to enter
the first and second Agreements, surely she would have also have been made a
party to the Written Undertaking? At the time the plaintiff asked for the
Written Undertaking to be executed, she gave no hint that she held the second
defendant legally responsible as well for what had occurred.

71 In the event, I hold that the second defendant did not owe the plaintiff a
duty of care and therefore cannot be made liable for negligent
misrepresentation.

Conclusion

72 There will be judgment for the plaintiff against the first defendant in the
sum of $300,000, interest thereon at the court rate from 2 August 2009 to date
of payment and costs. The plaintiff’s claim against the second defendant is
dismissed with costs.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 28 Jul 2011 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

