Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Azman Bin Jamaludin _v_ Public Prosecutor  
[2011] SGHC 250

Case Number| :| Criminal Motion No 48 of 2011  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 18 November 2011  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Chan Sek Keong CJ  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Joseph Liow Wang Wu (Straits Law Practice LLC) for the
applicant; G Kannan and Ng Yiwen (Attorney-General's Chambers) for the
respondent.  
Parties| :|  Azman Bin Jamaludin — Public Prosecutor  
  
18 November 2011| Judgment reserved.  
---|---  
  
Chan Sek Keong CJ:

1 This application by way of criminal motion (“this Application”) was filed by
Azman Bin Jamaludin (“the Applicant”) for a Mandatory Order under s 263 of the
Criminal Procedure Code (Cap 68, 1985 Rev Ed) (“the CPC”) that the District
Judge (“the DJ”) reserve and refer three questions of law (“the 3 Questions”)
for determination by the High Court in the form of a special case.

Background

2 The background of this Application is set out in the affidavit of Joseph
Liow Wang Wu, counsel for the Applicant, filed on 29 June 2011. The Applicant
was initially charged in the District Court with two charges: (a) one under s
8(_b_) read with s 33A of the Misuse of Drugs Act (Cap 185, 2008 Rev Ed) (“the
MDA”) for unlawful drug consumption; and (b) one under s 31(2) of the MDA for
failing, without reasonable excuse, to provide a sample of his urine as
required by a police officer on 13 June 2010. At the material time, the
Applicant was being treated at Changi General Hospital (“CGH”) for head
injuries. The Prosecution proceeded with the second charge after the District
Court stood down the first charge of unlawful drug consumption.

3 At the trial, a prosecution witness (“PW5”), a police officer, testified
that the Applicant had refused to give a urine sample when PW5 requested for
it at CGH. The Prosecution sought to rely on entries in a station diary (“P5”)
to corroborate PW5’s testimony. P5 contained entries that showed that between
10.00am and 11.30am on 13 June 2010, the Applicant had been requested on nine
occasions to provide his urine sample and had refused. An inculpatory
statement that the Applicant had given to the police (“the Inculpatory
Statement”), in which he admitted to refusing to give a specimen of his urine,
was also tendered and admitted in evidence.

4 The Applicant’s testimony at the trial was that he had been requested to
give his urine sample only once – at a time when he was unable to urinate due
to a medical condition. However, the Applicant was unable to specify the time
when this request was made. A defence witness (“DW2”), a medical doctor, gave
evidence that at CGH, the Applicant had a Glasgow Coma Score (“GCS”) of 13–14
upon admission to CGH and subsequently in the early hours of 13 June 2010. DW2
also testified that the Applicant’s GCS score was observed to be normal (at
15) at 11.00am on 13 June 2010. His opinion was that it was possible that the
Applicant might not have been able to provide a urine sample when requested if
his GCS score had been abnormal at that time.

5 The Defence and the Prosecution made their respective closing submissions on
18 May 2011. Defence counsel argued that the Prosecution had not proved beyond
a reasonable doubt that: (a) the Applicant could have provided a urine sample
before 11.00am on 13 June 2010; or (b) any further request was made to the
Applicant to provide a urine sample after that hour. Defence counsel pointed
out that: (a) the entries in P5 were not reliable on the ground, _inter alia_
, that PW5 had admitted that parts of it had been amended and had been written
not by him, but by another police officer called Corporal Hakim (“Cpl Hakim”);
(b) the Inculpatory Statement was not reliable on the ground, _inter alia_ ,
that it contained uncorrected errors (_eg_ , the word “today” was used to
describe a passage written the day before), thus raising a reasonable doubt as
to whether the statement had been read back to the Applicant; (c) the
Applicant made the Inculpatory Statement within 20 minutes after making a
prior exculpatory statement (“the First Statement”), purportedly to clarify
his earlier position and to state that he had refused to give a urine sample;
and (d) the Applicant had testified that he had signed the Inculpatory
Statement and the First Statement when requested to do so, although they had
not been read back to him, because he felt that he had no choice in the
matter.

6 Defence counsel also argued that the Prosecution had failed to call Cpl
Hakim to testify, and, therefore, the court should draw an adverse inference
against the Prosecution with respect to the matters that Cpl Hakim could have
testified to.

7 The Prosecution, in reply, informed the DJ that the probable reason why Cpl
Hakim was not called was that the Prosecution already had the evidence of PW5
and also had P5 to corroborate PW5’s evidence. Nevertheless, the DJ remarked
that Cpl Hakim could have testified on “the procedure or the process by which
police officers administer ... instructions [to provide a urine sample] in the
hospital ward”.[note: 1] The DJ also commented that Cpl Hakim’s testimony
might corroborate the evidence of PW5 in respect of the entries made in P5.
Ultimately, the DJ stated that as the case was not over, he wished to call Cpl
Hakim as a witness, and asked defence counsel whether he wished to say
anything. Defence counsel replied that he would reserve his position. The
hearing was then adjourned.

8 When the trial resumed on 25 May 2011, the Prosecution informed the DJ that
the reason why Cpl Hakim had not been called as a witness at the previous
hearing was that he could not be traced, and not because the Prosecution did
not want to call him. Defence counsel, in reply, objected to Cpl Hakim being
called as a witness as: (a) both parties had closed their respective cases;
(b) Cpl Hakim’s testimony was not rebuttal evidence; and (c) in any event,
further evidence should not be called unless it arose _ex improviso_ , _ie_ ,
where no human ingenuity could have foreseen it. Defence counsel relied on the
law as laid down in _The King v Dora Harris_ [1927] 2 KB 587 (“ _Dora Harris_
”) and _Public Prosecutor v Bridges Christopher_ [1997] 3 SLR(R) 467 (“
_Christopher Bridges (CA)_ ”) in support of his argument. Defence counsel also
contended that although _Dora Harris_ involved the court calling further
evidence _suo_ _motu_ (_ie_ , on its own motion) and _Christopher Bridges
(CA)_ involved the court allowing the Prosecution to call rebuttal evidence,
both decisions stood for the same principle – that the calling of a new
witness after the close of the Defence’s case could only be done if the matter
arose _ex improviso_. As the evidence of the Applicant did not give rise to
any matters _ex improviso_ , defence counsel submitted that the DJ would be
wrong to call Cpl Hakim as a witness at that stage of the proceedings.

9 The DJ rejected defence counsel’s submission and directed that Cpl Hakim be
called as a witness (for ease of reference, the DJ’s direction for Cpl Hakim
to be called as a witness will hereinafter be referred to as “the DJ’s
Order”). He distinguished _Christopher Bridges (CA)_ on the ground that there,
it was the Prosecution who had called rebuttal evidence after the Defence had
closed its case, whereas in the present case, the court was exercising its
power to call Cpl Hakim on its own motion. The DJ, after observing that the
court in _Dora Harris_ had declined to hold that the _ex improviso_ rule was
not an unqualified rule, held that it was proper to call Cpl Hakim to testify
as defence counsel would be given the opportunity to cross-examine Cpl Hakim
and also to recall the Applicant to testify with respect to Cpl Hakim’s
testimony. The DJ also stated that the calling of Cpl Hakim as a witness was
not meant to improve either the Prosecution’s case or the Defence’s case
(since he did not know what Cpl Hakim’s testimony would be). The DJ then
adjourned the hearing for Cpl Hakim to be summoned to testify.

10 As a result of the DJ’s Order, the Applicant made an application on 2 June
2011 under s 263(1) of the CPC for the DJ to refer the 3 Questions to the High
Court for its determination. The DJ rejected the application without giving
any reasons. As a consequence, the Applicant made this Application for a
Mandatory Order requiring the DJ to state a special case in accordance with s
263(1) of the CPC.

11 Before I consider whether the DJ was justified in refusing to state a
special case under s 263(1) of the CPC, it is necessary to first consider the
provision under which the DJ’s Order was made, _viz_ , s 399 of the CPC. Such
a consideration will provide the relevant legal context to determine whether
the DJ’s Order was correct in law.

Section 399 of the CPC

12 Section 399 of the CPC provides as follows:

**Power of court to summon and examine persons**

**399**. Any court may, at any stage of any inquiry, trial or other proceeding
under this Code, summon any person as a witness or examine any person in
attendance, though not summoned, as a witness or recall and re-examine any
person already examined and the court shall summon and examine or recall and
re-examine any such person, if his evidence appears to it essential to the
just decision of the case.

Section 399 of the CPC has since been repealed and re-enacted as s 283 of the
Criminal Procedure Code 2010 (Act No 15 of 2010) (“the CPC 2010”). Section 399
of the CPC was itself a re-enactment of a similar provision in previously
repealed criminal procedure codes, _viz_ , the Criminal Procedure Code (Cap
21, 1936) (“the 1936 CPC”) of the Straits Settlements and the Criminal
Procedure Code (Cap 132, 1955) of the Colony of Singapore. An identical
provision was also enacted as s 425 of the Criminal Procedure Code (FMS Cap 6,
1927) (“the FM CPC”) of the Federation of Malaya, which is currently s 425 of
the Criminal Procedure Code (Act 593) of Malaysia. A substantial body of case
law has been decided under the pertinent provisions in each of these codes. It
is necessary that I discuss these decisions in order to determine the scope of
s 399 of the CPC as well as its relationship with _Dora Harris_ and
_Christopher Bridges (CA)_. Since _Dora Harris_ is an English authority and
since _Christopher Bridges (CA)_ , although a local authority, is not directly
on point (_Christopher Bridges (CA)_ was not a decision on s 399 of the CPC,
and concerned the admission of rebuttal evidence called by the Prosecution
after the close of the Defence’s case, as opposed to the calling of further
evidence by the court _suo_ _motu_), it is also necessary that this court
determine their relevance to the scope of s 399 of the CPC.

Case law on the scope of section 399 of the CPC

13 Section 399 of the CPC is worded in very wide terms, and has two limbs.
Under the first limb, the trial judge “may, at any stage of any inquiry, trial
or other proceeding under [the CPC], summon any person as a witness or examine
any person in attendance, though not summoned, as a witness or recall and re-
examine any person already examined”. However, this is not an unfettered
power, as the case law will show. The second limb provides that “the court
shall summon and examine or recall and re-examine any such person, if his
evidence appears to it essential to the just decision of the case”. The local
decisions on s 399 of the CPC (as well as the Indian decisions on the
corresponding Indian section, _viz_ , s 540 of the Indian Code of Criminal
Procedure (Act No V of 1898) (“the Indian CPC of 1898”)) show that the first
limb confers a discretionary power on the trial judge, whilst the second limb
mandates his exercise of the power to summon or recall a witness if it is
essential to the justice of the case.

14 A criminal trial has, basically, four distinct phases in the following
order: (a) the case for the Prosecution; (b) the Defence’s submission of no
case to answer after the close of the case for the Prosecution (if the Defence
chooses to make such a submission); (c) the case for the Defence after it has
been called; and (d) the closing speeches or submissions of the Defence and
the Prosecution. Whichever phase the trial may have reached, so long as
judgment has not been given, the court may or shall (if it is essential to the
just decision of the case) exercise its power to call a witness under s 399 of
the CPC.

15 The scope of the power conferred by s 399 of the CPC is different from that
of a trial judge’s powers under English law. As early as 1948, the High Court
of the Federation of Malaya, sitting at Seremban, Negri Sembilan, so held with
respect to s 425 of the FM CPC, the then equivalent of s 399 of the CPC. In
_Jacob v Public Prosecutor_ [1948–1949] Supp MLJ 20 (“ _Jacob_ ”), Callow J
held that the trial judge, who had called a witness at the end of the
Defence’s case (the witness had been subpoenaed by the Defence, but the
Defence did not call him), had exercised his discretion properly,
“particularly in view of the possibility of the doubt in favour of the accused
which appears to have remained in the mind of the learned District Judge up
till the hearing of the witness” (at 22). In so holding, Callow J
distinguished the law in England as established in R  _v McMahon_ [1933] 24 Cr
App R 95 at 97 (_viz_ , the _ex improviso_ rule) on the ground that s 425 of
the FM CPC gave a wide discretion to the trial judge. Callow J said (at 23):

After consideration of the authorities I have cited, others I have studied,
and from the general circumstances of the case, I distinguish the law in this
country from that in England by holding that whereas in England the Court
**_should not_** call a witness after the close of the defence unless
something has arisen **_ex improviso_** , which no human ingenuity could
foresee, **_on the part of the accused_****;** in Malaya the power so vested
in the Court by virtue of s 425 of the [FM CPC] may be exercised after the
close of the defence if the further evidence appears essential to the just
determination of the case. [emphasis in original]

16 However, Callow J also held that given that the trial judge in _Jacob_ had
exercised the power conferred by s 425 of the FM CPC, he must allow defence
counsel to cross-examine the witness (who had given evidence adverse to the
accused), and that the failure of the trial judge to permit such cross-
examination had resulted in a miscarriage of justice. He, however, qualified
this requirement as follows at 23:

The whole matter is very much one within the discretion of the Court below,
but the discretion must be exercised most guardedly, and never, I think, if it
can be interpreted as unfavourable to the accused.

17 After _Jacob_ , a series of cases was decided by the courts of Malaya and
Singapore (“the local courts”) under the corresponding provisions of the
respective territories’ criminal procedure codes. These cases, which involved
trial judges calling on their own motion witnesses during various phases of
the trial process, include the following: _Yap Fook Yew and another v Public
Prosecutor_ [1949] Supp MLJ 3 (“ _Yap Fook Yew_ ”) (_per_ Spenser Wilkinson
J), _Kee Seng Nee v Rex_ [1949] MLJ 210 (_per_ Murray-Aynsley CJ), _Balfour v
Public Prosecutor_ [1949] Supp MLJ 8 (“ _Balfour_ ”) (_per_ the Court of
Criminal Appeal), _Rex v Bakar bin Sahat_ [1951] MLJ 202 (“ _Bakar_ ”) (_per_
Spenser Wilkinson J), _Ramasamy v Regina_ [1955] MLJ 95 (“ _Ramasamy_ ”)
(_per_ Spenser Wilkinson J), _Loke_ _Poh_ _Siang v Public Prosecutor_ [1957]
MLJ 107 (_per_ Hill J), _Re_ _Adam Aman; Hoesin bin Ghani_ _v Public
Prosecutor_ [1958] MLJ 229 (“ _Re Adam Aman_ ”) (_per_ Rigby J) and _Public
Prosecutor v Abdul Hamid_ [1969] 1 MLJ 53 (_per_ Syed Othman J).

18 In the majority of these cases, despite Callow J’s statement in _Jacob_ at
23 (see [15] above), the local courts were still influenced by English
decisions, which continued to be applied to interpret the scope of s 425 of
the FM CPC, especially in a group of decisions made by Spenser Wilkinson J. In
_Yap Fook Yew_ (where _Jacob_ was not cited), Spenser Wilkinson J, citing an
unreported decision and also cases such as _Regina v Frost and Eleven Others_
(1839) 9 C&P 129 (“ _R v Frost_ ”) and _R v Day (Harold Norman)_ (1940) 27 Cr
App R 168 (“ _R v Day_ ”), held that the discretion in s 425 of the FM CPC was
wide, but it “must be exercised subject to such well-known legal principles as
are applicable in each case” (at 6). In _Bakar_ (where _Jacob_ was cited), the
same judge threw doubt on the correctness of _Jacob_ on the ground that _R v
Day_ had not been cited in that case. Spenser Wilkinson J also referred to the
decision in _Balfour_ , where the Court of Criminal Appeal (of which he was a
member) approved _R v Day_ and expressed the opinion that the calling by the
trial judge in that case of a witness after the close of the Defence’s case,
although not _illegal_ , was a wrong exercise of discretion, and that the
evidence of that witness ought to be excluded. In _Balfour_ , the court said
(at 9):

It is correct that section 425 of the [FM CPC] authorises the Court to call an
additional witness at any stage and that the Court may, in special
circumstances, properly do so of its own motion but where a case is conducted
by counsel and more especially where, as here, a preliminary enquiry has been
held before a committing Magistrate, this power should be exercised only in
rare cases as, for instance, where one side has raised at the trial a point
which the other side could not have foreseen [citing R  _v Day_] …

In _Ramasamy_ , Spenser Wilkinson J reiterated the position that he took in
his previous decisions.

19 In contrast, a different approach was taken in _Re_ _Adam Aman_. In that
case, the trial judge called a witness after the close of the Prosecution’s
case and, at the conclusion of the trial, convicted the accused. The accused
appealed on the ground that the trial judge had exercised his discretion
improperly, resulting in a miscarriage of justice. Rigby J, after examining
the case precedents, said at 235:

The effect of these cases make it clear beyond doubt that both under Malayan
and English Law a Court has complete discretion to call or recall a witness
after the prosecution has closed its case and a submission has been made that
there is no case to answer, and an appellate Court will not interfere with the
exercise of that discretion unless it appears that thereby an injustice has
resulted.

…

But what is the position where such evidence is called by the Court, in the
exercise of its discretion, after the defence has been concluded and final
addresses made? I have quoted the _dicta_ of the Court of [Criminal] Appeal in
the case of [_Balfour_] … I have been unable to find any authority decided in
this country in which this precise point has been decided. …

After referring to the English decisions and an Indian decision on the
corresponding Indian provision (_viz_ , s 540 of the Indian CPC of 1898),
Rigby J concluded at 238:

I would respectfully agree with the view expressed by Callow J in [_Jacob_] …
that the powers conferred upon the Court under this section [_ie_ , s 425 of
the FM CPC] are wider – much wider, I think – than the corresponding powers in
English law. The Court is expressly vested with the statutory power at any
time before judgment to call or recall a witness if his evidence appears to it
essential to the just decision of the case. The sole test as to whether [the
judge] has properly exercised his discretion lies in the answer to those last
few words, namely, was such evidence essential to the just decision of the
case or … did the calling of such evidence occasion a miscarriage of justice?
It seems to me that the answer to that question must logically be that every
case must be considered on its own merits and in relation to its own facts. I
would venture to express the opinion that it is not sufficient for the
appellate Court to say that the Magistrate has wrongly exercised his
discretion in calling further evidence merely because the appellate Court
itself would not similarly have exercised the same discretion in the same way.

20 In terms of chronology, it is convenient at this juncture to refer to the
views of the Indian courts on the corresponding Indian provision, _ie_ , s 540
of the Indian CPC of 1898 (which is currently enacted as s 311 of the Indian
Code of Criminal Procedure 1973 (Act No 2 of 1974)). In _Jamatraj_ _Kewalji_
_Govani v State of Maharashtra_ AIR 1968 SC 178 (“ _Jamatraj_ ”), the Supreme
Court of India (_per_ Hidayatullah J) said at 181–183:

(10) Section 540 is intended to be wide as the repeated use of the word ‘any’
throughout its length clearly indicates. The section is in two parts. The
first part gives a discretionary power but the latter part is mandatory. The
use of the word ‘may’ in the first part and of the word ‘shall’ in the second
firmly establishes this difference. Under the first part, which is permissive,
the court may act in one of three ways: (a) summon any person as a witness,
(b) examine any person present in court although not summoned, and (c) recall
or re-examine a witness already examined. The second part is obligatory and
compels the Court to act in these three ways or any one of them, if the just
decision of the case demands it. As the section stands there is no limitation
on the power of the Court arising from the stage to which the trial may have
reached, provided the Court is bona fide of the opinion that for the just
decision of the case, the step must be taken. It is clear that the requirement
of just decision of the case does not limit the action to something in the
interest of the accused only. The action may equally benefit the prosecution.

…

(14) It would appear that in our criminal jurisdiction, statutory law confers
a power in absolute terms to be exercised at any stage of the trial to summon
a witness or examine one present in court or to recall a witness already
examined, and makes this the duty and obligation of the Court provided the
just decision of the case demands it. In other words, where the court
exercises the power under the second part, the inquiry cannot be whether the
accused has brought [up] anything suddenly or unexpectedly but whether the
court is right in thinking that the new evidence is needed by it for a just
decision of the case. If the court has acted without the requirements of a
just decision, the action is open to criticism but if the court’s action is
supportable as being in aid of a just decision the action cannot be regarded
as exceeding the jurisdiction.

21 The principles laid down in _Jamatraj_ were applied by the Supreme Court of
Malaysia in _Ramli bin Kechik v Public Prosecutor_ [1986] 2 MLJ 33 (“ _Ramli
bin Kechik_ ”). There, the court said (at 34):

… The section [_ie_ , s 425 of the FM CPC] is intended to enable the court to
get at the truth and to come to a proper conclusion in the matter under
inquiry or trial. _It is not limited to witnesses whom the court examines on
its own behalf but also applies to witnesses for the prosecution as well as
witnesses_ _for the defence_. _Hence, the defence as well as the prosecution
may be allowed to adduce additional evidence under this section._ The object
of the section is just as much the prevention of escape of a guilty person
through some carelessness of the prosecution or the Magistrate as the
vindication of the innocence of the person wrongly accused owing to the
carelessness and ignorance of one party. If there is the apprehension of
justice failing by an erroneous acquittal or by an erroneous conviction the
court would be justified in exercising its discretion in calling for
additional evidence under this section. Where the court is of the opinion that
the evidence of certain witnesses is essential to the just decision of the
case, it is bound to summon them, and for this purpose the trial can be
adjourned. A just decision under this section does not mean a decision in
favour of the defence (see _Rengaswami_ _Naicker’s_ case [1954] Cr LJ 123).
Thus, it would not be an improper exercise of the power merely because the
evidence taken supports the case of the prosecution and not that of the
accused. In our view, by its very nature the discretion to be exercised under
s 425 [of the FM CPC] depends on the facts of each case – the main
consideration being the essentiality of the additional evidence to a just
decision of the case. [emphasis added]

22 These principles have since been applied or approved by the local courts
_vis-à-vis_ the exercise of the power under s 399 of the CPC (or s 425 of the
FM CPC, as the case may be) at various phases of a criminal trial. The
relevant cases (not all of which will be discussed as they turn on their own
facts) are the following: _Public Prosecutor v Phon Nam_ [1988] 3 MLJ 415 (“
_Phon Nam_ ”), _Public Prosecutor v Abdul Rahim bin Abdul Satar_ [1990] 3 MLJ
188, _Chee Wee Tiong and another v Public Prosecutor_ [1994] 2 SLR(R) 1046 (“
_Chee Wee Tiong_ ”), _Mohammad Ali bin Mohd_ _Noor v Public Prosecutor_ [1996]
2 SLR(R) 692 (“ _Mohammad Ali_ ”), _Jusri bin Mohamed Hussain v Public
Prosecutor_ [1996] 2 SLR(R) 706 (“ _Jusri_ ”) and _Sim Cheng Hui and another v
Public Prosecutor_ [1998] 1 SLR(R) 670 (“ _Sim Cheng Hui_ ”).

23 In _Jusri_ (a drug trafficking case), after the Prosecution had closed its
case without calling expert evidence, the Defence called an expert witness to
support the accused’s defence of consumption by testifying on the accused’s
chronic drug dependency. This led the Prosecution to seek to call an expert
witness to rebut the evidence of the Defence’s expert. The trial judge allowed
the application and ultimately accepted the evidence of the Prosecution’s
expert. The accused appealed on the ground that the Prosecution was not
entitled to call rebuttal evidence at that stage of the trial. Yong Pung How
CJ, after stating at [27]–[28] that s 399 of the CPC was not applicable to a
case where the court allowed the Prosecution to call rebuttal evidence (as
opposed to a case where the court called such evidence _suo_ _motu_), said at
[33]:

It is far preferable to follow the current practice in most of these cases,
which is to allow the Prosecution to call expert evidence in rebuttal, while
at the same time permitting the recall of the defence expert to reply to what
was said by the Prosecution's expert. I cannot see how adopting this course
would prejudice an accused. Where the burden of proof is on the accused to
prove that the drugs, or part of it, are for consumption, I see little
advantage in taking a rigid position that the defence must have arisen _ex
improviso_ in order for the Prosecution to call expert evidence in rebuttal. I
therefore concluded that the district judge was right in permitting Dr Leow
[_ie_ , the Prosecution’s expert] to be called.

As will be seen, _Jusri_ applied, in essence, the ruling of the Court of
Criminal Appeal in _Osman bin Ali v Public Prosecutor_ [1971–1973] SLR(R) 503
(“ _Osman bin Ali_ ”) although that case was not cited (see the discussion at
[31] below in relation to _Christopher Bridges (CA)_).

24 In _Sim Cheng Hui_ , the first and second appellants were convicted of drug
trafficking at first instance. The trial judge, on his own motion, had
recalled two prosecution witnesses to ascertain the pager number of a person
known as Teo (who had been seen retrieving a white bag containing drugs from a
car after earlier passing a white bag containing cash to the first appellant)
in order to show that the first appellant had paged Teo to ask him where to
collect the drugs. On appeal to the Court of Appeal, the first appellant
argued, relying on _Christopher Bridges (CA)_ , that the trial judge was wrong
to have recalled the two witnesses after the Prosecution had closed its case.
The Court of Appeal distinguished _Christopher Bridges (CA)_ on the ground
that that case involved the calling of rebuttal evidence by the Prosecution at
the close of the case for the Defence, whereas in _Sim Cheng Hui_ , not only
had the Defence not been called when the trial judge recalled the two
prosecution witnesses, but the recall of the prosecution witnesses had also
been at the instance of the trial judge and not on the application of the
Prosecution. The court referred to _Ramli bin Kechik_ , _Phon Nam_ , _Mohammad
Ali_ and _Chee Wee Tiong_ , and held at [31] that the trial judge had
exercised his discretion properly on the ground that if the particular
inadequacy in the Prosecution’s case had not been remedied, “there might
[have] result[ed] … a failure of justice”.

Summary of the case law on section 399 of the CPC

25 The short survey above of the case law on s 399 of the CPC (and the
corresponding provisions in the criminal procedure codes of the Straits
Settlements, the Federated Malay States, the Colony of Singapore, the
Federation of Malaya and Malaysia) shows that as early as 1948, the local
courts held that the English position on the calling of witnesses by the trial
judge _suo_ _motu_ after the Defence had closed its case did not apply because
of s 399 of the CPC or its equivalent. The case law also established that the
trial judge’s power to call witnesses was not unfettered and had to be
exercised with caution so as not to prejudice or cause injustice to the
accused. However, where the calling of a witness was essential to the just
decision of the case, the trial judge had no discretion. Whether or not s 399
of the CPC (or its equivalent) justified the calling of a witness in those
circumstances would depend on the facts of each case. Hence, it was not
possible for the courts to lay down clear and rigid rules as to when the power
_could_ be exercised and when it _must_ be exercised. It should also be noted
that the courts in Singapore continued to draw a distinction between cases
where the court called a witness _suo_ _motu_ (see, _eg_ , _Sim Cheng Hui_)
and cases where it permitted the Prosecution to call rebuttal evidence after
the Defence has closed its case (see, _eg_ , _Jusri_).

26 With these principles in mind, I will now discuss the two decisions cited
to the DJ in the court below (_viz_ , _Dora Harris_ and _Christopher Bridges
(CA)_) to determine their relevance to the correctness or otherwise of the
DJ’s Order.

The decision in Dora Harris

27 In _Dora Harris_ , the trial judge had called a witness on his own motion
after the Defence had closed its case. The English Court of Criminal Appeal
(_per_ Avory J) dealt with this issue as follows (at 593–596):

… Two questions arise for our determination in this case. The first is whether
the course taken by the Recorder in calling the prisoner Benton as a witness
when the case for the defence had closed was in accordance with the well
recognized rule that governs proceedings at criminal trials. …

As to the first point, it has been clearly laid down by the Court of Appeal in
_In re Enoch and Zaretsky, Bock & Co._ [[1910] 1 KB 327] that in a civil suit
the judge has no right to call a witness not called by either party, unless he
does so with the consent of both of the parties. It also appears to be clearly
established that that rule does not apply to a criminal trial where the
liberty of a subject is at stake and where the sole object of the proceedings
is to make certain that justice should be done as between the subject and the
State. The cases of _Reg. v. Chapman_ [8 C & P 558] and _Reg. v. Holden_ [8 C
& P 606] establish the proposition that the presiding judge at a criminal
trial has the right to call a witness not called by either the prosecution or
the defence, and without the consent of either the prosecution or the defence,
if in his opinion this course is necessary in the interests of justice. It is
true that in none of the cases has any rule been laid down limiting the point
in the proceedings at which the judge may exercise that right. But it is
obvious that injustice may be done to an accused person unless some limitation
is put upon the exercise of that right, and for the purpose of this case we
adopt the rule laid down by Tindal C.J. in [_R v Frost_], where the Chief
Justice said: “There is no doubt that the general rule is that where the Crown
begins its case like a plaintiff in a civil suit, they cannot afterwards
support their case by calling fresh witnesses, because they are met by certain
evidence that contradicts it. They stand or fall by the evidence they have
given. They must close their case before the defence begins; but if any matter
arises ex improviso, which no human ingenuity can foresee, on the part of a
defendant in a civil suit, or a prisoner in a criminal case, there seems to me
no reason why that matter which so arose ex improviso may not be answered by
contrary evidence on the part of the Crown.” That rule applies only to a
witness called by the Crown and on behalf of the Crown, but we think that the
rule should also apply to a case where a witness is called in a criminal trial
by the judge after the case for the defence is closed, and that the practice
should be limited to a case where a matter arises ex improviso, which no human
ingenuity can foresee, on the part of a prisoner, otherwise injustice would
ensue. …

…

In the circumstances, without laying down that in no case can an additional
witness be called by the judge at the close of the trial after the case for
the defence has been closed, we are of opinion that in this particular case
the course that was adopted was irregular, and was calculated to do injustice
to the appellant Harris.

28 The last passage shows that _Dora Harris_ did not lay down an absolute rule
that in no case may the court call a witness at the close of the trial after
the case for the Defence had been closed.

29 I earlier referred to _Jacob_ , _Re Adam Aman_ and _Ramli bin Kechik_ ,
where the local courts held that English law, as exemplified by the decisions
in R  _v Frost_ , _R v Day_ , _etc_ , was not applicable to s 399 of the CPC
(or its equivalent). As such, the _ex improviso_ rule established by Tindal CJ
in R  _v Frost_ (which was expressly adopted in _Dora Harris_) does not limit
the operation of s 399 of the CPC. The _ex improviso_ rule in English law is
currently stated in _Halsbury’s Laws of England_ vol 27 (Butterworths, 5th Ed,
2010) (“ _Halsbury’s_ ”) at para 419 as follows:

**419.** **Power of judge to call witnesses**

The trial judge has the power to call a witness not called by either the
prosecution or the defence, without their consent, if he considers that course
is necessary in the interest of justice; but he should not call such a witness
after the evidence is closed, except in a matter arising unexpectedly, and
only where no injustice or prejudice could be caused to the defendant. …

30 A strict reading of this passage might give the impression that whilst
under English law, the trial judge may call a witness _suo_ _motu_ if it is
necessary to the justice of the case, the requirement of necessity to the
justice of the case will not be satisfied if the calling of a witness after
the evidence is closed will result in injustice or prejudice to the accused.
This, however, is not what s 399 of the CPC says, and the decisions of the
local courts and the Indian courts since _Jamatraj_ have held that s 399 of
the CPC (or its equivalent) may be invoked at any stage of the proceedings if
it is essential to the just decision of the case, and that the just decision
of the case may result in the conviction of the accused. As Hidayatullah J
said in _Jamatraj_ (at 181), the requirement of a just decision “does not
limit the action to something [which is] in the interest of the accused
only[;] [t]he action may equally benefit the prosecution”. The legislative
objective of s 399 of the CPC is to enable the court to arrive at a just
decision, which may entail either the acquittal or the conviction of the
accused of the charge against him, as the case may be, depending on the facts
of each case. The aforesaid local and Indian decisions also indicate that an
appellate court will not ordinarily interfere with the trial judge’s exercise
of the discretion under s 399 of the CPC (or its equivalent), and this will
include the trial judge’s evaluation, based on the state of the evidence at
that particular stage of the proceedings in question, that calling a certain
witness would allow him to reach a just decision in the case.

The decision in Christopher Bridges (CA)

31 In _Bridges Christopher v Public Prosecutor_ [1997] 1 SLR(R) 156 (“
_Christopher Bridges (HC)_ ”) the High Court reversed the decision of the
District Court, which had allowed the Prosecution to call rebuttal evidence
after the close of the Defence’s case on the ground that the evidence was
essential to the just and truthful determination of the case, and not for the
purpose of filling any gap in the Prosecution’s case. Yong CJ did not address
the District Court’s reason for allowing rebuttal evidence, but held himself
bound by _Zainal bin Kuning and others v Chan Sin Mian Michael and another_
[1996] 2 SLR(R) 858 (“ _Zainal bin Kuning_ ”), where, in a civil matter, the
Court of Appeal decided that the plaintiff should only be allowed to call
rebuttal evidence if he had been misled or taken by surprise. In so ruling,
Yong CJ essentially applied the _ex improviso_ rule under English law. Yong CJ
declined to follow the guideline on the same issue given by the Court of
Criminal Appeal in _Osman bin Ali_ on the ground that that case was concerned
with the defence of diminished responsibility (where the burden of
establishing the defence was on the accused), even though the guideline was
directly on point. In _Osman bin Ali_ , the court (_per_ Wee Chong Jin CJ)
said at [22]:

It has been, so far as we are aware, the practice of the High Court to allow
the Prosecution to call medical evidence in rebuttal where an accused person
adduces evidence in support of a defence of diminished responsibility. A
similar practice, so far as we are aware, prevails in England. _In so far as_
_non-medical evidence is concerned_ _the principle that ought to be applied is
whether or not rebuttal evidence, if admitted, would operate unfairly against
the accused and where it has been admitted the test is … whether the accused
has suffered an injustice_. [emphasis added]

32 The decision in _Christopher Bridges (HC)_ prompted the Public Prosecutor
to refer to the Court of Appeal several questions of law of public interest
for determination (see _Public Prosecutor v Bridges Christopher_ [1997] 1
SLR(R) 681 and _Christopher Bridges (CA)_). Two of the questions were whether
Yong CJ was correct in holding himself bound by _Zainal bin Kuning_ , and
whether Yong CJ was correct in rejecting the guideline laid down in _Osman bin
Ali_. The Court of Appeal in _Christopher Bridges (CA)_ did not decide whether
Yong CJ was wrong to have held that, as a judge sitting in a criminal
proceeding in the High Court, he was bound by the decision of the Court of
Appeal in a civil proceeding on a similar procedural issue. Instead, the court
decided that the same procedural rule applied in both civil proceedings and
criminal proceedings, and that that was a desirable state of the law. The
Court of Appeal rejected the guideline in _Osman bin Ali_ on the ground that
it was _obiter_ , but did not expressly say that it was wrong. The Court of
Appeal’s reasoning is set out at _Christopher Bridges (CA)_ at [53]–[59]:

53 … _[T]he question for our consideration is whether there ought to be a
uniform rule of practice and procedure on the admission of rebuttal evidence
for both criminal proceedings as well as civil proceedings_. To answer this
question a review of the English position in criminal proceedings might be
useful.

54 The classic statement on this rule of practice and procedure in criminal
proceedings was made by Tindal CJ in _Regina v Frost_ (1839) 9 Car & P 129 at
159, where he said:

There can be no doubt about the general rule, that where the Crown begins a
case (as it is with an ordinary plaintiff), they bring forward their evidence,
and cannot afterwards support their case by calling fresh witnesses, because
there may be evidence in the defence to contradict it. But if any matter
arises ex improviso, which the Crown could not foresee, supposing it to be
entirely new matter, which they may be able to answer only by contradictory
evidence, they may give evidence in reply.

55 Tindal CJ’s statement was followed in R  _v Day_ (1940) 27 Cr App R 168. At
171 the Court of Appeal held:

The Court is of opinion that the law is now well settled. The rule was laid
down by Chief Justice Tindal in R  _v Frost_ ... The rule thus stated was
expressly adopted by this court in R  _v Harris_ 20 Cr App R 86 ...

In R  _v Levy and Tait_ (1966) 50 Cr App R 198, James J said at 202:

It is quite clear and long established that the judge has a discretion with
regard to the admission of evidence in rebuttal; the field in which that
discretion can be exercised is limited by the principle that evidence which is
clearly relevant – not marginally, minimally or doubtfully relevant, but
clearly relevant – to the issues and within the possession of the Crown should
be adduced by the Prosecution as part of the Prosecution’s case, and such
evidence cannot properly be admitted after evidence for the defence.

In R  _v Cleghorn_ (1967) 51 Cr App R 291, Lord Chief Justice Parker said at
294:

There clearly are, however, cases in which the Judge is justified in calling a
witness ... However, when dealing with a case such as this in which the
witness is only called at the end of the defendant's case, the Court has
sought to ensure that that should be done only in cases where no injustice or
prejudice could be caused to a defendant, and for that purpose laid down a
rule of practice that in general it should only be done where some matter
arises _ex improviso_.

56 There are numerous authorities extending to the present day in the same
vein. We will, however, be content to cite just one more authority; R  _v
Scott_ (1984) 79 Cr App R 49 where Lawton LJ said at 51:

It is confined to cases where the Prosecution could not reasonably have been
expected to produce the evidence as part of their case. Unless there is some
reason for the Prosecution not producing the evidence at the right time, in
general the judge should reject the evidence. The expression ‘evidence which
arises _ex improviso_ ’ has a long history. It dates back to a judgment of
Tindal CJ in the 1830s.

57 Notwithstanding this long and impressive lineage some have questioned the
strictness of the rule. A less strict and more liberal view was expressed in a
few cases. Examples of these are R  _v Sullivan_ (1922) 16 Cr App R 121 and R
_v McKenna_ (1956) 40 Cr App R 65 and probably were the basis for the
statement in _Osman bin Ali v PP_.

58 _Be that so the greater weight of authority by far is for the rule as first
stated by Chief Justice Tindal in R_ v Frost _in 1839_ …

59 _In our judgment there is everything to be said for a uniform rule
regarding the admission of rebuttal evidence in both civil and criminal
proceedings. From the cases we have cited in_ [55], [56] _and_ [57] _above it
is evident that the generally accepted rule in England in criminal cases is
the rule stated by the Court of Appeal in_ Zainal bin Kuning _and there is no
reason why that rule should not also apply to summary criminal trials in our
jurisdiction_.

[emphasis added]

33 Three observations may be made with respect to the reasoning set out in the
above passages. First, the question that the Court of Appeal in _Christopher
Bridges (CA)_ was asked to determine was not whether the law applicable to the
calling of rebuttal evidence by the Prosecution in criminal proceedings should
be the same as the law applicable to the calling of rebuttal evidence by a
plaintiff in civil proceedings. Instead, the question was whether the High
Court in a criminal case was bound by the decision of the Court of Appeal on a
similar procedural issue in a civil case, and whether the guideline in _Osman
bin Ali_ was the correct principle to apply. Second, the Court of Appeal in
_Christopher Bridges (CA)_ was not quite correct in holding (at [59]) that
“the generally accepted rule in England in criminal cases is the rule stated
by the Court of Appeal in _Zainal bin Kuning_ ” because the accepted rule in
England, as set out in _Halsbury’s_ at para 417, is in fact not the same.
There, the English rule is stated as follows:

**417.** **Fresh evidence for the prosecution after close of case.**

The general rule is that the prosecution may adduce no further evidence of the
defendant’s guilt after the closure of its case, either in response to a
submission of no case to answer or in response to evidence adduced by the
defence; _but this is not an absolute rule and the trial judge has a
discretion to permit a reopening of the prosecution case where it is in the
interests of justice to do so._

There are, in particular, three well-recognised circumstances in which it may
be appropriate to exercise this discretion in favour of the prosecution: (1)
where what has been inadvertently omitted is a mere formality as distinct from
a central issue in the case; (2) where the defence has raised evidence or
issues that could not reasonably have been anticipated by the prosecution or
included in the original prosecution case; (3) where new evidence of guilt has
become available for the first time after the closure of the prosecution case.
The discretion is nevertheless flexible and cannot be rigidly constrained
within set categories, but the earlier the application to admit the further
evidence is made, the more likely it is that the discretion will be exercised
in favour of the prosecution; and no evidence for the prosecution may be
called after the judge has begun his summing up.

[emphasis added]

Third, since (according to the Court of Appeal in _Christopher Bridges (CA)_)
s 399 of the CPC does not apply to the calling of rebuttal evidence by the
Prosecution, there is a lacuna in our criminal procedure code (although the
decision by the Supreme Court of Malaysia in _Ramli bin Kechik_ would appear
to suggest that s 399 of the CPC should also apply to such a case). In such an
event, s 5 of the CPC requires the court to apply the laws of England as
regards matters of criminal procedure in so far as they do not conflict or are
not inconsistent with the CPC and can be made auxiliary thereto (see the
discussion on _Public Prosecutor v Wee Eh Tiang_ [1956] MLJ 120 (“ _Wee Eh
Tiang_ ”) at [47]–[49] below). In _Christopher Bridges (HC)_ , the District
Court in effect applied the common law rule (as set out in _Halsbury’s_ at
para 417), and neither the High Court in _Christopher Bridges (HC)_ nor the
Court of Appeal in _Christopher Bridges (CA)_ considered the applicability of
s 5 of the CPC (presumably because the provision was not drawn to their
attention). Nevertheless, if s 5 of the CPC had been applied, both courts
would have been obliged to apply the principles as set out in _Halsbury’s_ at
para 417 (reproduced earlier in this paragraph), which are more in line with
the guideline in _Osman bin Ali_ than the civil procedure rule in _Zainal bin
Kuning_. This would have required the High Court and the Court of Appeal to
consider whether the District Court’s decision to allow the Prosecution to
call rebuttal evidence was correct as being in the interest of justice. In
this connection, it may be noted that in _Christopher Bridges (HC)_ at [91],
Yong CJ expressed the view that if the Prosecution were allowed to call
rebuttal evidence, “[t]here w[ould] be no end to proceedings”. In these
circumstances, the ruling in _Christopher Bridges (CA)_ should be reconsidered
in a future case on the basis that it was decided _per incuriam_.

34 Interestingly, it may also be useful to note from a comparison of English
law and local law in relation to these two issues (_ie_ : (a) the calling of a
witness by the trial judge _suo_ _motu_ ; and (b) the permitting by a trial
judge of the calling of rebuttal evidence by the Prosecution) that the
respective legal positions are the converse of each other. In England, the
power of the trial judge to call a witness _suo_ _motu_ appears to be narrower
and stricter than the power provided in s 399 of the CPC, whereas the power
under English law of the trial judge to permit the Prosecution to call
rebuttal evidence appears to be broader than the rule laid down in
_Christopher Bridges (CA)_.

35 Having said this, I am of the view that there is no sensible reason why the
rationale of s 399 of the CPC should not be applicable to cases where the
Prosecution seeks to call rebuttal evidence (like in _Christopher Bridges
(CA)_). The guiding principle in calling a new witness, whether by the court
_suo_ _motu_ or by the Prosecution with the permission of the court, should be
the same in both situations – namely, so that a just decision can be reached,
or a miscarriage of justice avoided, in the case at hand. Since under s 399 of
the CPC, the trial judge may call or, where appropriate, must call a witness
on his own motion, he could also do so if requested by the Prosecution in the
same circumstances. The modality of calling or admitting new or recalled
evidence at any stage of a trial should not be more important than the
objective of this exercise, which is to enable the court to reach a just
decision in the case. The historical function of trial courts in acting as
mere referees in criminal proceedings has outlived its usefulness. Trial
courts should not simply act as if they are applying rules of sport. Their
role is to seek the truth from the facts so that there is no miscarriage of
justice _vis-à-vis_ both the accused and the State. This principle is evident
from the language of s 399 of the CPC. In _Zahira_ _Habibulla H Sheikh and
another v State of Gujarat and others_ (2004) 4 SCC 158, the Supreme Court of
India (_per_ Arijit Payasat J) said at [40] and [43]:

40\. The fair trial for a criminal offence consists not only in technical
observance of the frame, and forms of law, but also in recognition and just
application of its principles in substance, to find out the truth and prevent
miscarriage of justice.

…

43\. The Courts have to take a participatory role in a trial. They are not
expected to be tape recorders to record whatever is being stated by the
witnesses. Section 311 of the Code [corresponding to s 399 of the CPC] and
Section 165 of the Evidence Act confer vast and wide powers on [trial courts]
to elicit all necessary materials by playing an active role in the evidence
collecting process. They have to monitor proceedings in aid of justice in a
manner that something, which is not relevant, is not unnecessarily brought
into record. Even if the prosecutor is remiss in some ways, [trial courts] can
control the proceedings effectively so that the ultimate objective i.e. truth
is arrived at. …

The observations in the above passages, it may be added, were made in a case
where the accused persons had been acquitted of murder charges (in connection
with the burning down of a bakery, resulting in the death of 14 persons) as a
result of lapses by the Prosecution and the investigation agency concerned.

Section 263 of the CPC

36 I will now deal with the arguments on s 263 of the CPC, which provides as
follows:

**Reservation of points of law and stating** **of cases**

**263.** —(1) Any Magistrate’s Court or District Court acting in summary
jurisdiction in any criminal cause or matter may, on the written application
of any party to the proceedings made to the court within 10 days from the time
of the _judgment, sentence or order_ passed or made in it, or without any such
application, if the court thinks fit, reserve for the consideration of the
High Court any question or questions of law arising in the proceedings setting
out shortly the facts on which the law is being applied and the questions of
law to be determined on them.

(2) Every question of law so reserved shall be submitted to the High Court in
the shape of a special case in the form in Schedule B.

(3) _If the court is of the opinion that any application made is frivolous but
not otherwise, it may refuse to state a case and shall on the request of the
applicant sign and deliver_ _to him a certificate of the refusal_ :

Provided that the court shall not refuse to state a case where the application
is made by the Public Prosecutor.

(4) Where a court refuses to state a case under subsection (3) it shall be
lawful for the applicant to apply to the High Court for a Mandatory Order and
if the High Court makes the order the court shall state the case accordingly.

(5) Every such special case shall be drawn up by the Magistrate or District
Judge of the court before which the proceedings are held and shall —

(_a_) set out shortly the facts which are considered by the Magistrate or
District Judge to be proved;

(_b_) state the question or questions of law which is or have been reserved
for the opinion of the High Court; and

(_c_) be sent by the Magistrate or the District Judge to the Registrar.

(6) The Registrar on receiving a special case shall send a copy of it to every
party to the proceedings and to the Public Prosecutor if he is not a party and
shall have the case set down for argument in such manner as to the High Court
seems fit.

[emphasis added]

37 Under s 263(1) of the CPC read with s 263(3), a number of requirements must
be met before the Magistrate’s Court or District Court (a “trial court”) can
state a special case upon an application by a party to the proceedings. In so
far as the present case is concerned, the relevant requirements are:

(a) the application must be made within ten days from the time of the
judgment, sentence or order passed;

(b) the questions to be referred to the High Court for determination must be
questions of law; and

(c) the application must not be frivolous.

38 With respect to the first requirement, the Prosecution has argued that this
Application was not made within ten days of the DJ’s decision to call Cpl
Hakim (_ie_ , the DJ’s Order as defined at [9] above), which, the Prosecution
submits, was made on 18 May 2011. In my view, this argument has no merit,
having regard to the facts recounted at [5]–[9] above, which show that defence
counsel had on 18 May 2011 reserved his position on the calling of Cpl Hakim
and had made submissions to the DJ only after the trial resumed on 25 May 2011
as to why Cpl Hakim should not be called (which submissions were rejected by
the DJ). Accordingly, I reject the Prosecution’s argument on the first
requirement. As for the second requirement, it is not disputed that the 3
Questions are questions of law.

39 The third requirement is contested. Counsel for the Applicant argues that
this Application is not frivolous because the law is still unsettled as to the
circumstances in which a trial court can call a witness on its own volition
and whether it is constrained by the same principles that constrain the Public
Prosecutor and accused persons when they wish to call additional witnesses.

40 In reply, the Prosecution has contended that: (a) this Application must
fail _in limine_ because s 263 of the CPC applies only to a final order, and
not an interlocutory order such as the DJ’s Order; (b) this Application is
frivolous because it merely assumes that Cpl Hakim’s testimony would be
evidence corroborative of PW5’s evidence, which might not be the case; and (c)
in any event, the test is whether Cpl Hakim’s evidence is essential to the
just decision of the case. I will now consider these arguments.

Does the word “order” in section 263 of the CPC apply only to a final order?

41 Section 263(1) of the CPC is expressed to apply only to a “judgment,
sentence or order”. The Prosecution contends that s 263 of the CPC is
applicable only to final orders, _ie_ , orders that finally dispose of the
rights of the parties to the proceedings, and not to interlocutory orders such
as the DJ’s Order. The basis of this argument is the rule of statutory
construction that similar words in the same statute should be given the same
meaning (see _Public Prosecutor v Ng Guan Hup_ [2009] 4 SLR(R) 314 (“ _Ng Guan
Hup_ ”), R  _v Kansal_ [2002] 2 AC 69 at [102] and _Bennion on Statutory
Interpretation_ (LexisNexis, 5th Ed, 2008) at pp 1160 and 1217).

42 The same collocation of words (_viz_ , “judgment, sentence or order”) is
also found in s 241 of the CPC, and it is not disputed that it is established
law that that section applies only to judgments, sentences and orders which
have an element of finality in them. In _Knight Glenn Jeyasingam v Public
Prosecutor_ [1998] 3 SLR(R) 196, Yong CJ said at [14] apropos s 247(1) of the
CPC:

There was no question that this appeal arose out of a criminal case or matter.
The concern was with whether the district judge's order was appealable on the
basis that it was not a final order. _Although not expressly stipulated by
statute, case law has yielded the overriding requirement of finality in the
judgment, sentence or order appealed against to qualify for a right of
appeal_. The court in _Maleb bin Su v Public Prosecutor_ [1984] 1 MLJ 311
applied the _ejusdem_ _generis_ rule in interpreting s 307(i) CPC (_in pari_
_materia_ to our s 247(1) CPC) and held, at 312B of the judgment:

_The order must therefore be a final order in the sense that it is final in
effect as in the case of a judgment or a sentence_. The test for determining
the finality of an order is to see whether the judgment or order finally
disposes of the rights of the parties.

[emphasis added]

It may also be noted that in _Public Prosecutor v Hoo Chang Chwen_ [1962] MLJ
284 (“ _Hoo Chang Chwen_ ”), Rose CJ gave the same interpretation to these
words in the predecessor provision of s 241 of the CPC. At 284, Rose CJ said
(with respect to a Magistrate’s order that the Prosecution supply to the
Defence certain statements made by the complainants to the police):

Such a ruling is … not an appealable order. …

I would add that to arrive at any other conclusion would seem to me to open
the door to a number of appeals in the course of criminal trials on points
which are in essence procedural. The proper time, of course, to take such
points would be upon appeal, after determination of the principal matter in
the trial court.

43 However, as pointed out by Lee Seiu Kin J in _Ng Guan Hup_ , the true
principle is that similar words used in the same statute are presumed to have
the same meaning, but the presumption may be rebutted by the context in which
the words are used. At [31] of his judgment, Lee J said:

It is worth mentioning that while there is a rule of interpretation that the
same word bears the same meaning throughout the same statute, this is merely a
rule of presumption that can be rebutted. The following passage from Guru
Prasanna Singh, _Principles of Statutory Interpretation_ (Wadhwa and Company,
7th Ed, 1999) at p 263 was cited to me by the Prosecution to support this
proposition:

When the Legislature uses the same word in different parts of the same section
or statute, there is a presumption that the word is used in the same sense
throughout. _The presumption is, however, a weak one and is readily displaced
by the context_. It has been said that  _the more correct statement of the
rule is that ‘where the draftsman uses the same word or phrase in similar
contexts, he must be presumed to intend it in each place to bear the same
meaning’_.

[emphasis in original]

44 Contextually, I am not able to find anything in s 263 or any other section
of the CPC to rebut the aforesaid presumption. Although there is a conceptual
difference between, on the one hand, appealing against a judgment, sentence or
order and, on the other hand, referring a question of law arising from the
same, the policy considerations against allowing appeals against interlocutory
orders apply with equal force to references on points of law in connection
with interlocutory orders. If the position were otherwise (_ie_ , if s 263 of
the CPC were applicable to interlocutory orders), it would invite innumerable
references, resulting in disrupted and fractured criminal trials and
unacceptable delays in their final disposal. This would not be in the public
interest, as any miscarriage of justice caused by the wrongful admission of
evidence can be corrected on appeal (see [51] below).

45 In connection with this “floodgates” argument, the Prosecution cites the
observations of Choo Han Teck J in _Yap Keng Ho_ _v Public Prosecutor_ [2007]
1 SLR(R) 259. In that case, Choo J rejected an application by the accused for
a declaration that his ongoing trial in the District Court was null and void
on the ground, _inter alia_ , that the investigating officer was present in
the courtroom during the proceedings. In dismissing the application, Choo J
said at [6]–[7]:

6 I will now refer to the dictates of justice and the rule of law in the
context of the applicant’s case. The term “justice” sometimes connotes desert,
and sometimes, fairness, and, sometimes, some vague intuitive notion of what
was right in the circumstances. In the present case, the applicant’s complaint
of injustice was really directed against the trial judge’s refusal to “abort”
the trial. Trial judges do not “abort” the trials which they are trying. If
there has been any wrong done which the judge has the power to correct, then
he must do his duty accordingly. If any party to those proceedings is
dissatisfied with the ruling or direction that the judge so made, then the
proper recourse should be for that party to reserve his objections until an
appeal is brought against the final decision of the judge. It would be
inappropriate and, in many instances, wrong, for a party to seek recourse to a
higher court before judgment has been handed down. This is because the judge
might ultimately agree with counsel in his submission, and rule in that
party’s favour. This is precisely the situation here. The Prosecution had not
closed its case and the judge had not ruled as to whether there was a case for
the Defence to answer. In these inchoate circumstances, there was no basis
upon which I could determine what the nature and extent of the injustice was.
Justice and its mirror image, injustice, are often determined by the
consequences or imminent consequences of the act in question, and the
interests of all parties must also be taken into account. Where a conflict of
the respective interests arises such that one might have to accommodate or
give way to another, the judge will have to decide which takes precedence.
There was nothing imminently fatal to the applicant’s case at the point when
this motion was filed. If the trial judge were to subsequently find that the
facts were in the applicant’s favour or discharge and acquit him, the presence
of the investigating officer in the courtroom would not have occasioned any
injustice to the applicant. The applicant’s complaint about the presence of
the investigating officer was one that a judge is routinely expected to deal
with. Among other such matters would be decisions relating to the
admissibility of evidence.

7 The rule of law operates within the framework of the legal system and that,
in turn, is built not only around the institutions of law but also the laws.
One of the merits of the rule of law is the uniformity and predictability of
the law which is essential for people to know what it is that they can or
cannot do in that society. The procedure for trial and the rules of evidence
are among matters over which the trial judge has full control. He makes all
the rulings and decisions that arise in the course of the trial such as he
thinks will help him conduct the proceedings rightly and justly, and,
ultimately, to help him arrive at the verdict. Where a party is dissatisfied
with the verdict, he may resort, by way of the appeal process, to bringing his
case before a superior court. The High Court’s revisionary jurisdiction over a
subordinate court’s proceedings is one way through which matters that do not
normally fall within the appeal process might nevertheless be brought before
the High Court. Where the appeal process is available, as is the case here,
the High Court’s revisionary jurisdiction should not liberally be invoked. The
filing of a criminal motion certainly cannot be used to interrupt a trial each
time a party is unhappy with any ruling that the trial judge makes in the
course of a trial. A trial judge would have to make numerous rulings in the
course of a trial; each ruling would be adverse to one if not the other party,
and sometimes to both. The trial will be constantly interrupted if every
ruling is challenged before the trial has ended. The flow and dignity of a
trial interrupted in such fashion tarnishes the image of the rule of law.
There may, of course, be exceptions to any law; otherwise, equity would have
no role in shaping justice in areas where the law is inadequate. The question
then is: did the applicant’s case fall within any exception? He made no
reference to any exceptional circumstances. And I found nothing exceptional in
his – apart from the applicant’s attempt to disrupt the trial at the incipient
stage for the reason that the investigating officer was present in court when
three witnesses were giving their evidence.

46 These wise words were particularly apt in the situation before Choo J.
However, there is no reason why the policy considerations articulated by him,
and also by Rose CJ in _Hoo Chang Chwen_ almost 50 years ago, should not apply
to my analysis of s 263 of the CPC as well. A broad interpretation of s 263 of
the CPC would provide a backdoor for appealing against interlocutory orders by
the alternative avenue of referring questions of law to the High Court for its
determination.

47 I note that there is no local decision directly on point where an
application has been brought under s 263(4) of the CPC in respect of an
interlocutory order of a trial judge to summon a witness after the close of
the Defence’s case. However, the decision in _Wee Eh Tiang_ , where an issue
surfaced under the predecessor section of s 263 of the CPC, merits discussion.
In that case, the accused was charged with intentionally giving a false
statement in that he had made contradictory statements to the police and the
court. He wished to plead guilty to the charge, but the Magistrate refused to
accept his plea as he was of the view that the statements given by the accused
to the police were inadmissible as they were hearsay, and that what was
admissible could not by itself form the basis of a criminal charge against the
accused for making a false statement. The Prosecution objected to the
Magistrate’s refusal to accept the plea of guilt, as a result of which the
hearing was adjourned. The Magistrate subsequently referred a point of law to
the High Court for its determination.

48 The High Court (_per_ Rigby J) found that there was no provision in the FM
CPC that empowered a subordinate court to refer a point of law for the
decision of the High Court. He, however, held that such a jurisdiction existed
in ss 317 and 318 of the 1936 CPC, and that those provisions were applicable
by virtue of s 5 of the FM CPC, which provided that “the law relating to
criminal procedure for the time being in force in the Colony of Singapore
shall be applicable in cases where no special provision in relation to
criminal procedure exists in the [FM CPC] itself”. Sections 317(1) and 318(1)
of the 1936 CPC provided as follows:

317.—(1) Any Police Court or District Court acting in summary jurisdiction in
any criminal cause or matter may, if it thinks fit, _at the conclusion of the
proceedings or at any time within seven days from the time of the judgment,
acquittal, sentence or order passed or made therein_ , reserve for the
consideration of the High Court any questions of law arising in such
proceedings, setting out shortly the facts on which the law is to be applied
and the questions of law to be determined thereon.

…

318.—(1) The High Court shall hear and determine the question or questions of
law arising on such special case and shall thereupon affirm, amend or reverse
the determination in respect of which the special case has been stated or
remit the matter to the Police Magistrate or District Judge with the opinion
of the Court thereon or may make such order in relation to the matter as to
the Court seems fit.

…

[emphasis added]

49 It can be seen that ss 317(1) and 318(1) of the 1936 CPC are substantially
in the same terms as ss 263(1) and 264 of the CPC, except for the omission of
the words “at the conclusion of the proceedings” (see s 317(1) of the 1936
CPC) from s 263(1) of the CPC. In _Wee Eh Tiang_ , Rigby J held (at 121) that
the High Court could “properly entertain _at this stage_ the point of law on
which its opinion [was] sought” [emphasis added] as, on the facts of the case,
the Magistrate had neither rejected the plea of guilty nor ordered the trial
to proceed; he had effectively made no “order” within the terms of s 317(1) of
the 1936 CPC. It would appear that Rigby J, in making his ruling, was
concerned more with the meaning of the words “at the conclusion of the
proceedings” than with whether the Magistrate had made a final or
interlocutory order for the purposes of s 317(1) of the 1936 CPC before he
adjourned the hearing. It is not clear from _Wee Eh Tiang_ whether the
Magistrate had made any order at all when he adjourned the hearing. In other
words, the issue of what constituted an “order” was not decided in that case.
In the circumstances, no assistance can be derived from this decision as to
the meaning of the word “order” in s 317(1) of the 1936 CPC. In any case,
since the words “at the conclusion of the proceedings” were omitted from s
263(1) of the CPC, _Wee Eh Tiang_ would not be a relevant authority on the
interpretation of this provision.

50 Reverting to s 263 of the CPC, it may be argued that if it is not
applicable to interlocutory orders, then its scope would be very limited. That
may be so, but it could still provide a useful avenue for clarifying the law
in appropriate cases (see for example, _Public Prosecutor v Knight Glenn
Jeyasingam_ [1999] 1 SLR(R) 1165 (“ _Knight Glenn Jeyasingam (1999)_ ”))_._ In
that case, the Public Prosecutor applied after the conclusion of the trial in
the District Court to refer a question of law arising from the District
Court’s refusal to admit in evidence a prior statement of the accused which he
had made in a letter sent to the Public Prosecutor before he was charged. The
statement gave a particular explanation as to why the accused (in his own
view) had not committed the offence for which he was being investigated. After
the accused was charged with that offence and his defence called, the accused
gave a different explanation for the _actus_ _reus_. The Prosecution sought to
admit the earlier statement of the accused to discredit his testimony. The
District Court held that the accused’s earlier statement to the Public
Prosecutor was not admissible as it was confidential and had been made without
prejudice for the purpose of plea bargaining. The High Court (_per_ Yong CJ)
affirmed the District Court’s decision on the same ground. It should be noted
that this principle (_viz_ , that letters of representation written to the
Public Prosecutor, even before the writer is charged for any offence, are
privileged) was applied by Yong CJ in _Ng Chye_ _Huay and another v Public
Prosecutor_ [2006] 1 SLR(R) 157 to similar letters to the police that
fulfilled certain conditions.

51 There are two other considerations which have persuaded me that s 263 of
the CPC should be interpreted narrowly. The first is that there is a
structural symmetry between an application to refer to the High Court
questions of law arising from an order of a trial court under s 263 of the CPC
and an application under s 60 of the Supreme Court of Judicature Act (Cap 322,
2007 Rev Ed) (which was repealed with effect from 2 January 2011 and re-
enacted in different words as s 397 of the CPC 2010) to refer to the Court of
Appeal questions of law of public interest arising from a decision of the High
Court. A reference to the Court of Appeal may only be made with respect to
final judgments. The second consideration is that even if the DJ’s Order has
prejudiced the Applicant, resulting in his conviction (a conclusion which
still cannot be determined at this stage of the proceedings), the Applicant
can appeal against his conviction on the ground that Cpl Hakim’s evidence was
wrongly admitted. A conviction caused by the wrongful admission of evidence
may be set aside on appeal under s 396 of the CPC (corresponding to s 423 of
the CPC 2010) if it has occasioned a failure of justice. As such, the
Applicant is not left without a remedy if the DJ’s Order is not reversed at
this stage of the proceedings.

52 In the light of this conclusion, it will not be necessary for me to
consider the Prosecution’s two other arguments in support of its submission
that s 263 of the CPC applies only to a final order. The first is that the
wording of the prescribed form for an application under s 263 of the CPC
(_viz_ , Form 43) strongly suggests that such an application may only be made
with respect to a final order. The second is that s 395 of the CPC 2010, which
has replaced s 263 of the CPC, further buttresses the Prosecution’s
submission. However, I do wish to comment on another submission that the
Prosecution made concerning the revisionary jurisdiction of the High Court.

The revisionary power of the High Court

53 In the course of its oral submissions, the Prosecution argued that since
the Applicant could have invoked the revisionary jurisdiction of the High
Court under s 266(1) of the CPC to review the DJ’s Order, s 263 of the CPC
should not be interpreted widely as that would create an awkward duplicity of
recourse to the High Court in such cases. Section 266(1) of the CPC provides
as follows:

**Power to call for records of subordinate courts**

**266.** —(1) The High Court may call for and examine the record of any
criminal proceeding before any subordinate court for the purpose of satisfying
itself as to the correctness, legality or propriety of any finding, sentence
or order recorded or passed and as to the regularity of any proceedings of
that subordinate court.

The Prosecution cited no authority for its submission, but certain annotations
to s 266(1) of the CPC in _Butterworths’ Annotated Statutes of Singapore_ vol
3 (Butterworths Asia, 1997) at pp 350 and 353 seem to support this position.

54 I have read these annotations, which are not supported by any authority. It
seems to me odd if the revisionary jurisdiction of the High Court were to
apply to a subordinate court’s interlocutory order in the nature of the DJ’s
Order since the words “finding, sentence or order” in s 266(1) of the CPC
would also suggest the same element of finality that the rather similar words
in ss 241 and 263 of the CPC (_viz_ , “judgment, sentence or order”) do. In
the circumstances, since the Applicant has not invoked the revisionary
jurisdiction of the High Court in this Application, I shall neither accept nor
reject the Prosecution’s submission on this issue and leave it to be decided
in a future case.

Is this Application frivolous under section 263(3) of the CPC?

55 Under s 263(3) of the CPC, the trial court may not refuse an application by
an accused to refer a question of law to the High Court for its determination
except where the application is frivolous (see the third requirement at [37]
above). However, the word “frivolous” is neither defined in that provision,
nor explained in any reported decision or judicial statement on s 263(3) of
the CPC. The present case appears to be the first time that an application has
been made under this provision in connection with an order made by a trial
court under s 399 of the CPC.

56 The ordinary meaning of the word “frivolous” is “trivial”, “trifling”, or
“unimportant”. Obviously, what is frivolous must depend on the context in
which the particular idea or act in question is evaluated. In the context of
court proceedings, a frivolous court application would be one that, if
granted, is irrelevant to the issue in dispute or its outcome. A dispute on
whether fact X or fact Y is the truth would be frivolous if neither fact is
material to the resolution of the dispute. An application to the court to
declare what the law is on a particular issue would also be frivolous if the
law is already well established or settled on that issue. Indeed, such an
application may even amount to an abuse of process or vexation to the other
party as it would be a waste of time and resources to restate and litigate
about settled law. In other words, the High Court’s determination of any
question of law under s 263 of the CPC must serve a purpose that is material
either to the proceedings at hand or to future proceedings in trial courts, in
the latter case, serving as a guide on the applicable law should the same
legal issue arise in a similar factual context. The latter purpose is implicit
from the terms of s 264 of the CPC, which requires the High Court, in a
special case stated under s 263 of the CPC, to affirm, amend or reverse the
determination of the trial judge and to make, if it deems fit, consequential
orders. Hence, if the question of law which is sought to be reserved for the
High Court’s consideration under s 263 of the CPC does not enable the High
Court to make any of the aforesaid orders, it is a factor to be taken into
account in determining whether the application to reserve that question is a
frivolous application.

57 Apropos this Application, it is reasonable to assume that it was made for
the purpose of either: (a) setting aside the DJ’s Order, so that Cpl Hakim
would not be called to testify; or (b) obtaining the High Court’s opinion on
the 3 Questions, which opinion might enable the Applicant to successfully
appeal against his conviction should Cpl Hakim give evidence favourable to the
Prosecution. The Applicant would have no interest whatsoever in the High Court
affirming the DJ’s Order or amending it in a way that is unfavourable to his
defence. Let me now analyse the 3 Questions to see whether or not this
Application is frivolous.

58 The 3 Questions (as amended), which will hereafter be referred to as
“Question 1”, “Question 2” and “Question 3” respectively, are as
follows:[note: 2]

**Question 1** – Whether a trial judge, in a summary trial, has an
__unfettered__ discretion under s.399 of the Criminal Procedure Code (Cap.68
Rev. Ed. 1985) to require prosecution to call an additional witness after
defence closes its case and after final submissions have been made by both
defence and prosecution?

**Question 2** – In the event that the answer to the first question is in the
negative, would the further evidence first need to be _ex improviso_ and which
no human ingenuity could foresee, before an additional witness is called?

**Question 3** – Where the evidence sought to be admitted as further evidence
was not _ex improviso_ , _and which no human ingenuity could foresee_ , are
there any other circumstances which would justify further evidence to be
called by a trial judge after close of defence’s case and after parties have
made submissions?

[underlining and emphasis in italics in original]

Question 1

59 It is clear that Question 1 is intended to seek a negative ruling from the
High Court on the basis of the decisions in _Dora Harris_ and/or _Christopher
Bridges_ _(CA)_ (which the Applicant relied upon to object to the making of
the DJ’s Order)_._ However, Question 1 does not arise in the proceedings at
all simply because the DJ did not decide that his discretion under s 399 of
the CPC was unfettered. Indeed, his reasons for distinguishing _Dora Harris_
and _Christopher Bridges (CA)_ (see [9] above) implicitly acknowledged that
his discretion to call Cpl Hakim to testify was not unfettered. Furthermore,
all the local decisions which I mentioned earlier have also made clear that
the trial judge’s discretion under s 399 of the CPC is not unfettered.
Therefore, the principle of law which Question 1 seeks the High Court’s
decision on is settled law. For these two reasons, Question 1 is irrelevant to
the correctness of the DJ’s Order, and therefore this Application is, in that
respect, frivolous for the purposes of s 263(3) of the CPC.

Question 2

60 Question 2 is intended to seek an affirmative answer from the High Court,
again on the basis of the decisions in _Dora Harris_ and/or _Christopher
Bridges_ _(CA)._ However, as I have shown earlier, neither decision is
applicable to the present case in the light of s 399 of the CPC, which, the
local cases have established, confers on a trial judge a power of much wider
scope than the corresponding power under English law (see [15]–[25] above).
The decisions of the local courts on s 399 of the CPC (or its equivalent) have
established that the critical test as to whether the power therein may (or
shall, as the case may be) be exercised is not the _ex improviso_ rule, but
whether the calling of a witness by the court _suo_ _motu_ at any stage of the
proceedings is essential to the justice of the case. Whether such a test is
satisfied would depend on the facts of every case. Since a negative answer to
Question 2 would not result in the reversal of the DJ’s Order (and therefore
prevent Cpl Hakim from testifying), it is, like Question 1, a frivolous
question.

Question 3

61 Question 3 seems to be the mirror image of Question 2. However, it is even
more objectionable than Question 1 and Question 2 because it seeks general
advice from the court and not a specific answer to a precisely framed question
of law. No court can spell out exhaustively the circumstances which would
justify the calling of further evidence by a trial judge after the close of
the Defence’s case and after the parties have made their respective
submissions. The critical test is, in the words under s 399 of the CPC,
whether the calling of a witness by the court is “essential to the just
decision of the case”. As the local case law has established, this depends on
the facts of the case. As such, Question 3 suffers from the same flaw as the
other two questions.

62 What this discussion on the 3 Questions has shown is that under the
statutory scheme established by ss 263 and 264 of the CPC, any application to
a trial court to refer a question of law to the High Court for the latter’s
determination must relate to a specific question within a framework of agreed
facts so that the High Court can give a specific answer that will allow it to
affirm, amend or reverse the determination of the trial court in the case at
hand, or state a principle of law for the guidance of trial courts in future
cases involving the same legal issue in a similar factual context. The 3
Questions, as framed, are incapable of eliciting any answers, on the basis of
established law, that can achieve any of these purposes. It is not the role of
the High Court to give rulings on the law which are purely academic in nature,
and a trial court is not obliged to state a case on a question of law which
can only elicit an academic ruling from the High Court. An example of a
question of law contemplated by s 263 of the CPC may be found in _Knight Glenn
Jeyasingam (1999)_. In that case, the Public Prosecutor applied under s 263 of
the CPC for a specific question of law in relation to a specific set of facts
to be referred to the High Court for its determination (see [50] above).

Summary of rulings

63 In summary, I hold that: (a) the word “order” in s 263(1) of the CPC refers
to a final order and not an interlocutory order; and (b) this Application is
frivolous under s 263(3) of the CPC for the reason that the 3 Questions cannot
elicit any specific answer of the kind mentioned at [62] above.

64 Before I conclude, I wish to mention one issue which I drew to the
Prosecution’s attention in the light of its argument that s 263(1) of the CPC
is applicable only to a final order. On the basis of the Prosecution’s
submission, if a trial court were to rule as admissible evidence which the
Prosecution claims to be protected by public interest immunity, the
Prosecution will not be able to invoke s 263(1) of the CPC to obtain a ruling
from the High Court to reverse the trial court’s order. Since the Prosecution
made no submission on this particular situation, I assume that it is prepared
to live with this situation and to deal with any consequential awkwardness in
some other way.

Conclusion

65 For the above reasons, this Application is dismissed.

* * *

[note: 1]See the Notes of Evidence for Wednesday 18 May 2011 (Day 7 of the
trial) at p 23.

[note: 2]See the Applicant’s Submissions at p 4.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 18 Nov 2011 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

