Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Tan Teck Guan _v_ Mapletree Trustee Pte Ltd (trustee of Mapletree
Industrial Trust)  
[2011] SGHC 99

Case Number| :| Bankruptcy No 1318 of 2010 (Registrar's Appeal No 72 of 2011)  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 26 April 2011  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Chan Seng Onn J  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Vijai Parwani (Parwani & Co) for the appellant; Wu
Xiaowen (Lexton Law Corporation) for the respondent.  
Parties| :|  Tan Teck Guan — Mapletree Trustee Pte Ltd (trustee of Mapletree
Industrial Trust)  
  
26 April 2011| Judgment Reserved.  
---|---  
  
Chan Seng Onn J:

1 This is an appeal against the bankruptcy order made by an Assistant
Registrar (“AR”) on 27 January 2011 in Bankruptcy No 1318 of 2010 (“the
Bankruptcy Order”).

Factual background

2 Mapletree Trustee Pte Ltd (“the respondent”) obtained judgment against Tan
Teck Guan (“the appellant”) on 9 December 2009. The appellant made part-
payment of the judgment sum, but due to cash flow problems, could not make
payment of the balance sum. The respondent therefore commenced bankruptcy
proceedings by issuing and serving a Statutory Demand on the appellant on 17
April 2010.

3 The respondent filed an application for bankruptcy on 5 August 2010
(“bankruptcy application”). In the affidavit filed by one Tam Mei Fong on
behalf of the respondent in support of the application (“the Creditor’s
Affidavit”), it was asserted that the appellant was not eligible to be
considered for the Debt Repayment Scheme (“DRS”) as he had two previous
bankruptcy orders made against him in the 5 years preceding the date of the
respondent’s bankruptcy application.

(a) First, pursuant to Bankruptcy No 2614 of 2007 by the petitioning creditor
Oversea-Chinese Banking Corporation Limited (“OCBC”), the appellant was
adjudged bankrupt and a bankruptcy order was made against the appellant on 23
April 2009, with a stay granted till 11 May 2009. The appellant made payment
to OCBC on 12 May 2009. Although this was one day after the stay had expired,
OCBC was itself under the impression that the due date of payment was 12 May
2009, and in fact wrote to the court stating that payment was made within the
stay period. Accordingly, OCBC’s solicitors filed Summons 3050 of 2009 for the
bankruptcy order of 23 April 2009 to be annulled.

(b) Second, pursuant to Bankruptcy No 2401 of 2007 by the petitioning creditor
Singa Triumph, the appellant was adjudged a bankrupt and a bankruptcy order
was made against the appellant on 29 November 2007, with a stay granted till
13 December 2007. Following the appellant’s payment by the abovementioned date
of the stay, Singa Triumph filed Summons 5680 of 2007 on 27 December 2007 for
the bankruptcy order of 29 November 2007 to be annulled.

4 In reliance on the Creditor’s Affidavit, the AR did not refer the matter to
the Official Assignee for assessment of the appellant’s suitability for DRS
(“DRS suitability assessment”). Instead, the appellant was adjudged a bankrupt
pursuant to the Bankruptcy Order of 27 January 2011.

5 It is undisputed that the two bankruptcy orders abovementioned had been made
against the appellant. However, the appellant emphasised that both orders had
already been annulled because full payment had been made in both cases.
Although the annulments were disclosed to the court in the bankruptcy
application, the effect of the annulled bankruptcy orders on the appellant’s
eligibility for the DRS had not been canvassed before the AR, possibly because
the appellant was not represented by legal counsel at the hearings on 2
September 2010 and 27 January 2011.

6 The appellant therefore filed an application via Summons 776 of 2011,
arguing that the Bankruptcy Order should not have been made, and that instead,
the appellant should have been referred to the Official Assignee for DRS
suitability assessment. The court hearing Summons 776 of 2011 took the view
that the appellant’s application should be by way of an appeal against the
AR’s decision not to refer the appellant for DRS. The appellant accordingly
filed the present appeal.

Issue before the court

7 The sole issue before this court is: whether the existence of a bankruptcy
order, which was made and subsequently annulled within the period of 5 years
immediately preceding the date of the bankruptcy application, _per se_
disqualifies the debtor from being referred to the Official Assignee for DRS
suitability assessment. In addressing this issue, this court must decide on
whether the annulment of a bankruptcy order operates _retrospectively_ or
_prospectively_ in the specific situation where the debtor’s eligibility for
the DRS is being considered.

The law

The effect of annulment of a bankruptcy order

8 The effect of annulment of a bankruptcy order is not provided for in our
legislation. There is also no Singapore case law authority on this point.
Accordingly, I turn to consider Commonwealth jurisprudence on the effect of
such annulment. In so doing, I emphasise that Commonwealth jurisprudence is
persuasive given the similarities in the provisions relating to annulment of
bankruptcy orders. A comparison of Singapore’s Bankruptcy Act (Cap 20, 2009
Rev Ed) (“Bankruptcy Act”) with the bankruptcy legislation in Malaysia, Hong
Kong and Australia suffices to illustrate this point. Section 123(3) of the
Bankruptcy Act provides:

Where a court annuls a bankruptcy order under this section, any sale or other
disposition of property, payment made or other things duly done by or under
the authority of the Official Assignee or by the court shall be valid except
that the property of the bankrupt shall vest in such person as the court may
appoint or, in default of any such appointment, revert to the bankrupt on such
terms as the court may direct.

Section 105(2) of the Malaysia Bankruptcy Act 1967 provides:

Where an adjudication is annulled under this section, all sales and
dispositions of property, and payments duly made, and all acts theretofor done
by the Director General of Insolvency, or other person acting under his
authority, or by the court, shall be valid, but the property of the debtor who
was adjudged bankrupt shall vest in such person as the court appoints, or in
default of any such appointment revert to the debtor for all his estate or
interest therein on such terms and subject to such conditions, if any, as the
court declares by order.

Section 33(4) of the Hong Kong Bankruptcy Ordinance provides:

Where the court annuls a bankruptcy order under this section or section 20I,
any sale or other disposition of property, payment made or other thing duly
done by or under the authority of the Official Receiver, a nominee or a
trustee or by the court is valid, but if any of the bankrupt's estate is then
vested in such a trustee, it shall vest in such person as the court may
appoint or, in default of any such appointment, revert to the bankrupt on such
terms (if any) as the court may direct, and the court may include in its order
such supplemental provisions as may be authorized by the rules.

Section 74(6) of the Australian Bankruptcy Act 1966 provides:

Where a bankruptcy is annulled under this section, all sales and dispositions
of property and payments duly made, and all acts done, by the trustee or any
person acting under the authority of the trustee or the Court before the
annulment shall be deemed to have been validly made or done but, subject to
subsection (7), the property of the bankrupt still vested in the trustee vests
in such person as the Court appoints or, in default of such an appointment,
reverts to the bankrupt for all his or her estate or interest in it, on such
terms and subject to such conditions (if any) as the Court orders.

There is evidently substantial similarity in the bankruptcy legislation of
Singapore, Malaysia, Hong Kong and Australia. This is unsurprising, given that
the legislative provisions in these jurisdictions were based on the bankruptcy
legislation in England.

9 The weight of Commonwealth case law authority indicates that, as a general
proposition, the effect of an annulment of a bankruptcy order is
_retrospective_. In the old English case of _Re Keet ex p Official Receiver_
[1905] 2 KB 666 at 676 (“ _Re Keet_ ”), the court noted, albeit in _obiter_ ,
that the effect of an annulment was to “wipe out the bankruptcy altogether,
and put the bankrupt in the same position as if there had been no
adjudication”.

10 This position was also taken by the Queensland Court of Appeal in the
Australian case of _Theissbacher v MacGregor Garrick and Co_ [1993] 2 Qd R 223
(“ _Theissbacher_ ”), where the majority (Pincus JA and White J) held that a
former bankrupt would, upon annulment, be treated in general as never having
been made a bankrupt. The same position was reiterated in the cases of _Re
Wong; ex parte Wong v Donnelly and Others_ (1995) 131 ALR 180 (Federal Court
of Australia) (“ _Re Wong_ ”), _Roberts v Wayne Roberts Concrete Constructions
Pty Ltd_ (2004) 208 ALR 532 (Supreme Court of New South Wales) (“ _Roberts_ ”)
and _Battenberg v Union Club_ (2005) 215 ALR 696 (Supreme Court of New South
Wales) (“ _Battenberg_ ”).

11 Both _Re Keet_ and _Theissbacher_ were cited with approval in the recent
Malaysian case of _Sardar Mohd v Perwira Affin_ [2010] 4 MLJ 285 at [37] (“
_Sardar_ ”). As recently as August 2010, the Hong Kong Court of First Instance
in _Tan Kah Eng v Tan Eng Khiam_ [2010] 4 HKLRD 526 at [23] (“ _Tan Kah Eng_
”) expressed the view that the effect of annulment under Singapore law is that
the bankrupt is put in the same position as if there had been no bankruptcy
order made against him.

12 I note that in Kala Anandarajah _et al, Law and Practice of Bankruptcy in
Singapore and Malaysia_ (Butterworths Asia, 1999) at p 408, the learned
authors cite _Re Keet_ for the proposition that in Singapore and Malaysia:

[a]nnulment of a bankruptcy order liberates a bankrupt from the status of
bankruptcy as well as the disqualifications of a bankrupt. It wipes out the
bankruptcy altogether and puts the bankrupt in the same position as if there
had been no bankruptcy order made against him.

(Footnote omitted)

13 I further note that this is also the view espoused by the Singapore
Insolvency and Public Trustee’s Office (“IPTO”) in its public circular issued
on 31 March 2010 (“the IPTO Circular”). Para 5 of the IPTO Circular states
that:

With immediate effect from 1st April 2010, IPTO will remove the records of all
cases where the bankruptcy order has been annulled from its online information
search service This is to recognise that the _annulment of a bankruptcy order
has the effect in law that the bankruptcy order was never made against the
person_ ; and hence there is no issue of public interest in disclosing such
information.

(Emphasis added)

14 While none of the above authorities are binding on me, I see no reason to
disagree with them, especially in view of similarities in legislation as noted
in [8] above. Accordingly, I hold that under Singapore law, annulment of a
bankruptcy order has the effect of wiping out the bankruptcy altogether and
putting the bankrupt in the same position as if there had been no bankruptcy
order made against him.

15 This does not, however, mean that annulment has retrospective effect for
_all_ intents and purposes. In _Theissbacher_ , Pincus JA and White J held
that the former bankrupt is “in general” treated as never having been made a
bankrupt, such words clearly qualifying their observation that annulment has
retrospective effect. More explicitly, in _Re Wong_ , the court cited
_Theissbacher_ for the proposition that “an annulment does not avoid the
bankruptcy for _all_ purposes” (emphasis added). Similarly, in _Roberts_ at
[46], the court held that “the effect of annulment does not cause _all_
matters to be viewed after the event as if the bankruptcy had never occurred”.
Again, in _Battenberg_ at [70], the court noted that the general proposition
was “[s]ubject to _exceptions_ which the Bankruptcy Act creates, and
_exceptions_ which arise as a matter of the general law” (emphasis added).

16 In _Sardar_ , the Malaysian Federal Court emphasised the words “ _in
general_ ” used by the _Theissbacher_ court (_Sardar_ at [27]), and also took
pains to qualify its finding, _viz_ that the effect of the annulment was
retrospective, as being applicable to the facts of the specific case before
the court (“[f]or this case before me”: see _Sardar_ at [39]).

17 The view that the general proposition does not apply for _all_ intents and
purposes is supported by the legislative scheme in Singapore. For instance,
pursuant to s 123(3) of the Bankruptcy Act, any sale or disposition of
property or payment made under the authority of the Official Assignee _prior_
to the annulment remains valid. Similarly, pursuant to s 147(3) of the
Bankruptcy Act, the fact that the bankruptcy order has been annulled does not
exempt the bankrupt from being prosecuted for an offence under the Bankruptcy
Act committed by the bankrupt during his bankruptcy. Again, pursuant to s 130
of the Bankruptcy Act, where a bankrupt is disqualified from being appointed
or acting as a trustee or personal representative in respect of any trust,
estate or settlement, the disqualification ceases _when the bankruptcy order
is annulled_ , _viz_ , only _after_ the time of annulment. In this regard, I
note that in _Tan Kah Eng_ , the court appeared to have considered some of
these statutory provisions, and concluded that “annulment operates
retrospectively _subject to these reservations_ ” (_Tan Kah Eng_ at [17],
emphasis added).

18 I therefore turn to consider whether a former bankrupt’s eligibility for
DRS is an “exception” to the general proposition that annulment is
retrospective in nature. This goes towards addressing the issue (at [7]
above): if annulment is retrospective for the purposes of ascertaining
eligibility for DRS, an annulled bankruptcy order would not disqualify the
debtor from being referred for DRS suitability assessment; conversely, if
annulment is prospective, the debtor would be so disqualified.

Does an annulled bankruptcy order disqualify a debtor from being referred for
DRS suitability assessment?

19 The DRS was instituted as a pre-bankruptcy scheme to assist debtors who
have debts less than $100,000 by devising a debt repayment plan to pay their
debts over a fixed period of time. Pursuant to s 65(7) of the Bankruptcy Act,
if certain qualifying requirements are satisfied, the court “ _shall_ ”
(emphasis added) refer the matter to the Official Assignee for the purpose of
enabling the Official Assignee to determine whether the debtor is suitable for
the DRS.

20 Before a court will refer a debtor to the Official Assignee for DRS
suitability assessment, the qualifying criteria in s 65(7) of the Bankruptcy
Act must be satisfied. Section 65(7) provides:

(7) If a bankruptcy order may be made on the bankruptcy application, the court
shall, instead of making the order, adjourn the bankruptcy application for a
period of 6 months or such other period as the court may direct and refer the
matter to the Official Assignee for the purpose of enabling the Official
Assignee to determine whether the debtor is suitable for a debt repayment
scheme under Part VA, if the following qualifying criteria are satisfied:

(a) the debt or the aggregate of the debts in respect of which the bankruptcy
application is made does not exceed $100,000 or such other amount as the
Minister may, by order published in the  _Gazette_ , specify;

(b) the debtor is not an undischarged bankrupt, and _has not been a bankrupt_
at any time within the period of 5 years immediately preceding the date on
which the bankruptcy application is made, under this Act;

(c) a voluntary arrangement under Part V in respect of the debtor is not in
effect, and was not in effect at any time within the period of 5 years
immediately preceding the date on which the bankruptcy application is made;

(d) the debtor is not subject to any debt repayment scheme under Part VA, and
has not been subject to any such debt repayment scheme at any time within the
period of 5 years immediately preceding the date on which the bankruptcy
application is made; and

(e) the debtor is not a sole proprietor, a partner of a firm within the
meaning of the Partnership Act (Cap. 391) or a partner in a limited liability
partnership.

(Emphasis added)

21 Of particular interest to the present case is s 65(7)(b) (“the s 65(7)(b)
requirement”), which stipulates that a debtor would not be referred for DRS
suitability assessment if, _inter alia_ , he has been a bankrupt at any time
within the period of 5 years immediately preceding the date on which the
bankruptcy application is made (“the 5-year period”). The issue before this
court is whether a bankruptcy order which has been annulled within the 5-year
period (“an annulled bankruptcy order”) disqualifies a debtor from being
referred for DRS suitability assessment. No precedent decision on the effect
of an annulled bankruptcy order on a debtor’s eligibility for the DRS was
cited to me. I will therefore proceed to analyse the position at law through
statutory interpretation and first principles.

22 The respondent contended that eligibility for DRS _is_ an exception to the
general proposition that annulment is retrospective in nature. In other words,
a debtor who was the subject of a bankruptcy order subsisting within the
5-year period is disqualified from being referred for DRS notwithstanding that
the previous bankruptcy order was subsequently annulled before the present
bankruptcy application. To support this contention, the respondent referred to
Form 3 of the Bankruptcy Rules, _ie_ the “Affidavit in Support of Creditor’s
Bankruptcy Application”. Form 3 requires the creditor to declare to the best
of his knowledge and belief that the DRS does not apply to the debtor _inter
alia_ because the debtor (Form 3, para 7(c)):

has been _adjudged_ a bankrupt in the 5 years preceding the date of this
application

(Emphasis added)

According to the respondent, the use of the word “adjudged” suggests that the
material consideration is whether or not the debtor has previously been
_adjudged_ a bankrupt; _viz_ , any bankruptcy order subsisting within the
5-year period, regardless of whether it has subsequently been annulled,
disqualifies the debtor from being referred for DRS suitability assessment.

23 However, having regard to the legislative scheme as outlined in the
Bankruptcy Act, as well as the legislative purposes motivating the DRS, I do
not think that eligibility for the DRS is an exception to the general
proposition.

24 First, the phrase “has not been a bankrupt” in s 65(7)(b) is equivocal as
to whether or not eligibility for the DRS is an exception to the general
proposition. This should be contrasted with the unequivocal language of the
other “exceptions” contained in ss 123(3), 130 and 147(3) of the Bankruptcy
Act (see [17] above).

25 Second, given the ambiguity of s 65(7)(b), it is necessary to examine
legislative intention to discern whether annulled orders are to be considered
_vis-à-vis_ eligibility for the DRS. Perusal of the Hansard reveals that the s
65(7)(b) requirement exists because the DRS is not intended to be a scheme
that debtors can use repeatedly to avoid paying their debts in full: see
_Singapore Parliamentary Debates, Official Report_ (19 January 2009) vol 85
(Associate Professor Ho Peng Kee, Senior Minister of State for Law). I
accordingly turn to consider the characteristics of an annulled bankruptcy
order, so as to determine whether disqualifying _all_ debtors who had
bankruptcy orders annulled within the 5-year period would be in line with the
professed legislative intention behind the s 65(7)(b) requirement.

26 The court’s power to annul a bankruptcy order is set out in s 123(1) of the
Bankruptcy Act. The four grounds on which a bankruptcy order may be annulled
are set out in sub-sections (a)-(d) of s 123(1), as follows:

**Court’s power to annul bankruptcy order**

123\. —(1) The court may annul a bankruptcy order if it appears to the court
that —

(a) on any ground existing at the time the order was made, the order ought not
to have been made;

(b) to the extent required by the rules, both the debts and the expenses of
the bankruptcy have all, since the making of the order, either been paid or
secured for to the satisfaction of the court;

(c) proceedings are pending in Malaysia for the distribution of the bankrupt’s
estate and effects amongst the creditors under the bankruptcy law of Malaysia
and that the distribution ought to take place there; or

(d) a majority of the creditors in number and value are resident in Malaysia,
and that from the situation of the property of the bankrupt or for other
causes his estate and effects ought to be distributed among the creditors
under the bankruptcy law of Malaysia.

Simply put, a bankruptcy order may be annulled if (1) the order ought not to
have been made in the first place (s 123(1)(a)); or (2) the former bankrupt
had paid or secured all the debts and expenses of his bankruptcy (s
123(1)(b)); or (3) proceedings are pending in Malaysia for distribution of the
bankrupt’s assets (s 123(1)(c)); or (4) a majority of the creditors are
resident in Malaysia and distribution ought to be under the bankruptcy law of
Malaysia (s 123(1)(d)).

27 It is evident from the four grounds set out above that annulment of a
bankruptcy order neither casts any aspersions nor provides any indication
_vis-à-vis_ the conduct of the person subject to the bankruptcy order.
Accordingly, I conclude that the fact that a debtor had previously been
subject to an annulled bankruptcy order should not _per se_ disqualify him
from being referred to the Official Assignee for DRS suitability assessment. I
do not see any reason in principle why a debtor whose previous bankruptcy
order has been annulled should, _for this reason alone_ , be denied an
opportunity for his case to be referred to the Official Assignee.

28 Practical considerations also support such a conclusion. On or after 1
April 2010, an online IPTO bankruptcy search would not reveal any annulled
bankruptcy orders. For practical purposes, therefore, information regarding a
debtor’s previous bankruptcy orders (which were subsequently annulled) would
_not_ be available to a creditor for the purposes of filing the Creditor’s
Petition. Indeed, it bears noting that in the present case, the respondent had
been able to obtain information on the appellant’s annulled bankruptcy orders
only because it had conducted IPTO bankruptcy searches in November 2009. Such
information was relied upon by the respondent in its Creditor’s Affidavit,
which was filed in August 2010. Had the respondent conducted fresh bankruptcy
searches on or after 1 April 2010 (_ie_ after the IPTO Circular), there would
have been no details regarding the appellant’s annulled bankruptcy orders.

29 Despite my holding that annulment has retrospective effect and that an
annulled bankruptcy order should not be an impediment to a debtor’s
eligibility for DRS suitability assessment, I emphasise that this does _not_
mean that the Official Assignee is therefore precluded from considering
previous annulled bankruptcy orders in assessing the debtor’s suitability for
DRS. It is clear from s 56B(2) of the Bankruptcy Act that, in assessing the
debtor’s suitability for DRS, the Official Assignee is not limited to
considering the requirements in s 65(7). For instance, pursuant to s
56B(2)(e), the Official Assignee is empowered to find a debtor unsuitable for
the DRS “for any other reason”. I further note that the removal of information
as indicated in the IPTO Circular is limited to removal from the _online_
information search service; there is no similar removal from the Official
Assignee’s own records. Therefore, even though at law the annulment of a
bankruptcy order is retrospective for the purposes of determining a debtor’s
eligibility to be referred for DRS suitability assessment, the Official
Assignee may still consider its own records in determining a debtor’s
suitability for DRS. In my tentative view, there may well be cases where,
_inter alia_ , a debtor’s pattern of being adjudged bankrupt and subsequently
obtaining annulment of the bankruptcy order indicates to the Official Assignee
that the debtor is unsuitable for the DRS. However, as this issue is not
before me, it is not necessary for me to state any conclusion on this matter.

Application to the facts

30 In the present case, the respondent declared in the Creditor’s Affidavit
that the appellant had previously been subject to bankruptcy orders. Print
outs of the online searches annexed to the Creditor’s Affidavit revealed that
the bankruptcy orders were subsequently annulled. Respondent’s counsel also
apprised the AR of the same at the 2 September 2010 hearing. However, the
legal point that an annulled bankruptcy order had retrospective effect was not
canvassed before the AR, leading the AR to make the Bankruptcy Order of 27
January 2011.

31 I therefore set aside the Bankruptcy Order of 27 January 2011 and adjourn
the bankruptcy application for a further six months from the date of this
judgment. I further order that the present matter be referred to the Official
Assignee, for the purpose of enabling the Official Assignee to determine
whether the appellant is suitable for the DRS. Unless the parties wish to be
heard on costs, I would award costs to the appellant to be taxed if not
agreed.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 26 Apr 2011 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

