Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Madihill Development Sdn Bhd and another _v_ Sinesinga Sdn Bhd (transferee
to part of the assets of United Merchant Finance Bhd)  
[2011] SGHC 230

Case Number| :| Originating Summons No 187 of 2010 (Registrar's Appeal No 191
of 2011)  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 21 October 2011  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Quentin Loh J  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Fan Kin Ning (David Ong & Partners) for 2nd Appellant;
Chua Beng Chye and Ang Siok Hoon (Rajah & Tann LLP) for the Respondent.  
Parties| :|  Madihill Development Sdn Bhd and another — Sinesinga Sdn Bhd
(transferee to part of the assets of United Merchant Finance Bhd)  
  
21 October 2011|  
---|---  
  
Quentin Loh:

1 The Respondent, Sinesinga Sdn Bhd (“SSB”), which is a transferee of the
relevant part of the assets of United Merchant Finance Bhd (“UMF”), obtained
judgment of RM5,078,368.03 together with interest and costs in the High Court
in Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia against the 1st Appellant, Madihill Development Sdn
Bhd (“MDS”), for monies due and outstanding under a loan facility granted by
UMF to it and against the 2nd Appellant, Dato’ Rickie Tang Yong Kiat (“RT”),
pursuant to a guarantee furnished by RT to UMF in respect of the loan facility
to MDS. On 18 February 2010, SSB successfully applied to register the
Malaysian judgment as a judgment in Singapore under the Reciprocal Enforcement
of Commonwealth Judgments Act (Cap 264, 1985 Rev Ed) (“RECJA”, unless
otherwise indicated, all references to statutory provisions are to those in
the RECJA).

2 RT failed in his application on 27 June 2011 to set aside the Order of Court
dated 18 February 2011 and appealed. I dismissed the appeal on 1 August 2011
and RT has appealed against my decision.

Chronology

3 A chronology would be helpful:

Date |  Event  
---|---  
24 August 2009 |  SSB obtained judgment against MDS and RT in the High Court in Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia.  
15 September 2009 |  MDS and RT filed a Notice of Appeal to the Malaysian Court of Appeal against the judgment.  
17 February 2010 |  SSB filed Originating Summons No 187 of 2010/D (“OS 187/2010”), in Singapore to register the Malaysian judgment in Singapore under RECJA.  
18 February 2010 |  SSB obtained an Order in OS 187/2010 to Register the Malaysian judgment in Singapore.  
16 March 2010 |  SSB obtained an Adjudication Order and Receiving Order (“the Bankruptcy Orders”), in Malaysia against RT.  
19 March 2010 |  RT filed a Notice of Appeal in Malaysia against the Bankruptcy Orders.  
7 April 2010 |  RT filed an application in OS 187/2010 (Summons No 1545 of 2010) to set aside the 18 February 2010 Order to Register the Malaysian judgment.  
30 April 2010 |  RT applied to the Malaysian Official Assignee for sanction to continue with the appeal to the Malaysian Court of Appeal.  
12 November 2010 |  The Malaysian Official Assignee gave his in-principle sanction for RT’s appeal to the Malaysian Court of Appeal.  
2 March 2011 |  The Malaysian Court of Appeal dismissed MDS and RT’s appeals.  
15 March 2011 |  MDS and RT file a Notice of Motion to the Malaysian Federal Court for leave to appeal against the Malaysian Court of Appeal’s dismissal of their appeal.  
14 June 2011 |  MDS and RT’s application for leave to appeal to the Malaysian Federal Court was dismissed.  
17 June 2011 |  RT’s application in Summons 1545 of 2010 in OS 187/2010 to set aside the 18 February 2010 Order of Court (registering the Malaysian judgment in Singapore), is dismissed by an Assistant Registrar (“the AR”).  
27 June 2011 |  RT filed a Notice of Appeal against the AR’s dismissal of RT’s application in Summons 1545 of 2010.  
  
  

The issue

4 RT’s appeal is based on a short point. At the time the Malaysian judgment
was registered under RECJA, there was an incurable defect as there was a
pending appeal before the Malaysian Court of Appeal. Section 3(2)(e) reads:

3\. …

Restrictions on registration.

(2) No judgment shall be ordered to be registered under this section if –

...

(e) the judgment debtor satisfies the registering court either that an appeal
is pending, or that he is entitled and intends to appeal, against the
judgment;

…

RT characterised this as a strict legislative prohibition against registration
of a foreign judgment so long as an appeal or a right and intention to appeal
is extant. The application was therefore wrong from the outset and had to be
set aside.

5 SSB relies on s 3(1) as well as case law. Section 3(1) states:

3.—(1) Where a judgment has been obtained in a superior court of the United
Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland the judgment creditor may apply
to the High Court at any time within 12 months after the date of the judgment,
or such longer period as may be allowed by the Court, to have the judgment
registered in the Court, and on any such application the High Court may, if in
all the circumstances of the case it thinks it is just and convenient that the
judgment should be enforced in Singapore, and subject to this section, order
the judgment to be registered accordingly.

SSB further contends that there is no longer any pending appeal as RT has
exhausted all avenues of appeal in Malaysia and it is therefore just and
convenient to dismiss RT’s application and to allow the 18 February 2010
registration of the Malaysian judgment to stand.

Analysis of the authorities cited

6 Mr Fan Kin Ning (“Mr Fan”), counsel for RT, did not produce any authorities
and only relied on the statutory provisions and what he contended was the
proper construction. Mr Chua Beng Chye (“Mr Chua”), counsel for SSB, relied on
four cases for his argument that RT’s construction of ss 3(1) and (2) was
wrong. Strictly speaking, none of the authorities relied on by Mr Chua were
applicable or relevant on their facts.

7 In the first case, _Perwira Ariffin Bank Bhd (formerly known as Perwira
Habib Bank Malaysia Bhd) v Lee Hai Pey and another_ [1997] 2 SLR(R) 498 (“
_Perwira Ariffin Bank_ ”), a bank had obtained summary judgment in September
1998 in Malaysia against its borrower company and the individual guarantors.
The successive appeals were dismissed in October 1990 and in November 1994. On
28 October 1996, the plaintiff applied _ex parte_ to register the Malaysian
judgment in Singapore under the RECJA. The guarantor applied to set the
Singapore judgment aside on the ground that the Malaysian judgment was no
longer enforceable as more than 6 years had passed since the Malaysian
judgment was issued. The bank thereupon successfully applied in Malaysia, _ex
parte_ , on 23 May 1996 for leave to enforce the Malaysian judgment. With the
Malaysian court order in hand, the bank applied afresh to register the
Malaysian judgment. On 30 December 1996, the borrower company successfully set
aside the Malaysian court order granting leave to enforce the judgment but the
guarantor was unsuccessful. The bank and the guarantor filed appeals. The
guarantor then applied to set aside the registration of the Malaysian judgment
in Singapore pending the determination of the enforceability of the Malaysian
judgment by the Malaysian appeal court. His application before the registrar
failed and he appealed. On appeal, Warren L H Khoo J held that since the
Malaysian judgment before him ceased to be enforceable unless leave of court
was obtained, and leave had been obtained _ex parte_ and confirmed by an
_inter partes_ hearing, the defendant was entitled to appeal against that
decision and had done so. He therefore ordered a stay, pending the outcome of
the appeal, as there was no telling which way the judgment will go on appeal.

8 Mr Chua submitted that a pending appeal in the Malaysian court did not
prevent the registration of the Malaysian judgment in Singapore, citing
_Perwira Ariffin Bank_ at [10]:

I took the view that sub-s (2) does not, and is not intended to, set out in
any exhaustive way the circumstances in which a judgment should not be
registered. There is a general requirement, set out in sub-s (1), that the
court must be satisfied that in all the circumstances it is just and
convenient that the judgment be allowed to be enforced. …

That paragraph must be read in the context of the factual matrix. The judgment
establishing the debt in that case was no longer under appeal. What was under
appeal was the order of the Malaysian court granting leave to enforce a
judgment after the passage of more than six years after its publication.
Section 3(2)(e) therefore was not in issue. In that context, what was before
the learned judge was the s 3(1) requirement as to whether in all the
circumstances it was just and convenient that the judgment be allowed to be
enforced in Singapore. The learned judge cannot be said to have read s 3(2) as
subordinate to s 3(1)’s requirements. _Perwira Ariffin Bank_ therefore does
not really answer RT’s contention.

9 The second case relied upon by Mr Chua, _Perwira Affin Bank Bhd (formerly
known as Perwira Habib Bank Malaysia Bhd) v Lee Hai Pey and another_ [2007] 3
SLR(R) 218, involved the same parties. By now, the appeals against the
enforceability of the Malaysian judgment had come to an end. Judith Prakash J
held that Khoo J had stayed enforcement as there were appeals pending and
since those appeals had been finally dealt with, it was just and convenient to
allow the Malaysian judgment to be enforced despite the long delays which had
resulted from the guarantors’ utilisation of his right of appeal and not any
dilatoriness by the bank. There is nothing in this judgment that assists SSB’s
case.

10 The third case cited by Mr Chua is the Singapore Court of Appeal’s decision
in _Liao Eng Kiat v Burswood Nominees Ltd_ [2004] 4 SLR(R) 690 (“ _Burswood
Nominees_ ”). Although the ratio of that case involved the enforceability of a
foreign judgment from Western Australia under RECJA in respect of a
dishonoured cheque given to a casino to obtain gambling chips and
considerations of public policy against gaming and wagering contracts under s
5(2) of the Civil Law Act (Cap 43, 1994 Rev Ed) and s 3(2)(f) of the RECJA,
that judgment needs to be read with some care.

11 At [13] of the judgment, the Court of Appeal stated that:

… _Registration will not be ordered if the appellant is able to establish any
one of the limited number of exceptions in s 3(2) of the RECJA_. The principal
issue canvassed on appeal was whether s 5(2) of the [Civil Law Act (Cap 43,
1994 Rev Ed)] and s 3(2)(f) of the RECJA precluded registration of the
Australian judgment on grounds of public policy. …

[emphasis added]

A proper reading of the judgment however will show that the Court of Appeal
was not ruling, _ex cathedra_ , on a proper construction of s 3(2). The
judgment went on to a careful analysis of the approach a Singapore court
should take. At the end of the judgment under the heading ‘Conclusion’ the
Court of Appeal stated (at [47]):

… Whilst s 3(2) of the RECJA lays down various restrictions on the court’s
power to order the registration of foreign judgments, s 3(1) of the RECJA
gives the court the general discretion to order the registration of a foreign
judgment if “in all the circumstances of the case [the court] thinks it is
_just and convenient_ that the judgment should be enforced in Singapore”
[emphasis added]. …

[emphasis in original]

On the surface, this appears to be the same approach adopted by Khoo J in
_Perwira Ariffin Bank_. In its judgment, the Court of Appeal stated at [39]
and [40] that both the New York Convention and the RECJA were enacted with the
basic aim of removing pre-existing obstacles to the enforcement of foreign
awards or judgments and a narrow reading of the public policy defence in s
3(2)(f) would help further this aim and the considerations of reciprocity
enjoin the courts to invoke the public policy defence with caution.

12 Neither counsel raised _Poh Soon Kiat v Desert Palace Inc (trading as
Caesars Palace)_ [2010] 1 SLR 1129 (“ _Poh Soon Kiat_ ”), a later Singapore
Court of Appeal decision which said that _Burswood Nominees_ was unsound
because there was no legal basis for reading a higher public policy threshold
into s 3(2)(f) and that its decision should be reviewed should the same issue
come before the Court of Appeal in the future. The Court of Appeal agreed with
Prof Yeo Tiong Min in his article “Statute and Public Policy in Private
International Law: Gambling Contracts and Foreign Judgments” (2005) SYBIL 133
that the decision was not defensible in light of the express words in s
3(2)(f) and stated clearly at [114] that the Western Australian judgment in
_Burswood Nominees_ could not be registered under s 3(2)(f) on the ground that
the judgment was based on a cause of action which could not, by virtue of the
public policy encapsulated in s 5(2) of the Civil Law Act (Cap 43, 1999 Rev
Ed), be maintained in Singapore. The Court of Appeal said, at [61], that s
3(2)(f) “ _expressly_ prohibits the registration of a Commonwealth judgment if
it was obtained ‘in respect of a cause of action which for reasons of public
policy … could not have been entertained by [a Singapore] court.’” (emphasis
in original).

13 The fourth case cited by Mr Cheng was _Westacre Investments Inc v The
State-Owned Company Yugoimport SDPR (also known as Jugoimport-SDPR)_ [2009] 2
SLR(R) 166 (“ _Westacre Investments_ ”). However that case involved
considerations of what was “just and convenient” in s 3(1) in enforcing an
English judgment that emanated from an arbitration award published in 1994
which was duly registered as a judgment in England in December 1997. An appeal
therefrom was dismissed in May 1999 and the House of Lords refused leave to
appeal. Registration of the English judgment in Singapore was only sought in
July 2004 when it was realised that there may be assets in Singapore. Those
issues do not arise here and the only principle that may be of some relevance
is that under s 3(1), the court must consider all the circumstances of the
case and should permit registration of the Commonwealth judgment only if “it
is just and convenient that the judgment should be enforced in Singapore” (see
_Westacre Investments_ at [20], [21] and [52]). This included, but was not
limited to having regard to the rights of the parties, parties’ conduct,
diligence and persistence of the judgment creditor in pursuing its rights, the
judgment debtor’s knowledge of the judgment creditor’s intentions _vis-á-vis_
enforcement of the judgment and steps taken by the judgment debtor to obstruct
discovery of its assets.

The statutory scheme

14 There is also a House of Lords decision that was not cited by counsel,
_viz_ , _Owens Bank Ltd v Bracco and Another_ [1992] 2 AC 443 (“ _Owens Bank_
”). This case involved the enforcement of a judgment obtained by a bank
against the borrower, an Italian company, and the president of the Italian
company in the High Court of St Vincent and the Grenadines under s 9 of the
Administration of Justice Act 1920 (c 81) (UK) (“AJA”), which is _in pari
materia_ with s 3 of the RECJA. The loan documents had a provision giving the
St Vincent court jurisdiction in the event of a dispute. The president of the
Italian company alleged the documents were forgeries and the Italian company
contended that the president had no authority to enter into any such
transaction. The trial judge gave judgment for CHF 9 million together with
interest and costs against both defendants. The St Vincent Court of Appeal
upheld his judgment. Proceedings were also commenced in Italy where the issue
of fraud was raised. The bank applied to register the St Vincent judgment in
England as the defendants had assets there. The issue there was different,
_viz_ , whether in construing the “fraud” exception in the equivalent to s
3(2)(d) of the RECJA, the English court was entitled or bound to go into
allegations of fraud raised by a defendant in England when those allegations
have been decided against the defendant and in favour of the plaintiff in the
foreign Commonwealth court. The House of Lords endorsed the English Court of
Appeal decisions of _Abouloff v Oppenheimer & Co_ (1882) 10 QBD 295 and
_Vadala v Lawes_ (1890) 25 QBD 310, which had held that the English court was
entitled and bound to go into those allegations once more.

15 _Owens Bank_ is of interest because it explains the background to the AJA,
which is equivalent to our RECJA. It explains that the common law rule of
finality of judgments that applies to English judgments and the restrictions
placed upon a party’s ability to re-open the litigation, even in the case of
fraud, was placed within very restrictive limits, but that the common law
declined to give that same finality to foreign judgments preferring to give
primacy to the principle that fraud unravels everything (see _Owens Bank_ at
489C–H). In the Judgments Extension Act 1868 (c 54) (UK), the United Kingdom
Parliament gave full reciprocal enforceability as between the judgments of the
different superior courts within the United Kingdom with no obstacle placed in
the way of registration but, by contrast, in enacting the AJA, the judgment
creditor seeking registration must first surmount the obstacles which s 9(2)
of the AJA (the equivalent of s 3(2) of the RECJA) places in his way and
therefore denies finality by the adoption of the common law approach to
foreign judgments that are alleged to be obtained by fraud.

16 As this is a statutory scheme, we should turn to the provisions of the
RECJA and O 67 of the Rules of Court (Cap 322, R 5, 2006 Rev Ed) (“ROC”). O 67
envisages two stages. The first stage is an _ex parte_ application by the
judgment creditor, supported by an affidavit, for registration of the
Commonwealth judgment. The ensuing registration, is straightforward and
usually granted, provided the almost, as it were, formal requirements of O 67
r 3 of the ROC are satisfied. The usual order granted must stipulate a period
within which an applicant can apply to set aside the registration and,
importantly, that execution will not issue until after the expiration of that
period (see O 67 r 5(2) of the ROC). This, coupled with the requirement that
notice of the registration of the judgment must be served on the judgment
debtor with the particulars set out in O 67 r 7(3) of the ROC, gives the
judgment debtor notice of the registration of the Commonwealth judgment in
Singapore, and the opportunity, if he so wishes, to apply to set aside that
registration.

17 This brings us to the second stage. The applicant, usually the foreign
judgment debtor, is given an opportunity to apply to set aside the
registration. That application must also be supported by an affidavit setting
out the grounds upon which the applicant applies to have the registration set
aside (see O 67 r 9(1) of the ROC). If the court hearing the setting aside
application is satisfied that the judgment falls within any of the cases where
a judgment should not be ordered to be registered under s 3(2), or that it is
not just or convenient that the judgment should be enforced or that there is
some other sufficient reason for setting aside the registration, it may order
the registration of the judgment to be set aside on such terms as it thinks
fit (see O 67 r 9(3) of the ROC).

18 However, the provisions of the RECJA do not make any distinction between
the first stage and the second stage. What is the statutory scheme? Section
3(2) sets out specific instances where a Commonwealth judgment will not be
registered. It covers instances where it is known from the time of
registration at the first stage that an impediment against registration exists
as well as those where any impediment can only be known or ascertained at a
later stage. Take s 3(2)(e) itself. It may well be that at the first stage,
the judgment creditor is unaware that the judgment debtor has filed an appeal
and it may equally be the case that after having obtained registration at the
first stage, the judgment debtor comes before the Singapore court at the
second stage and satisfies the court that he intends to appeal against the
foreign judgment. A judgment debtor may file a notice of appeal but yet not
proceed with the appeal at any stage. Again, a judgment creditor may not know
that the public policy of Singapore will not allow the enforcement of his
Commonwealth judgment. Whether the enforcement of a Commonwealth judgment is
contrary to the public policy of Singapore may be a contentious issue. In this
context it will be noted that the Court of Appeal made observations in
December 2009 in _Poh Soon Kiat_ which were contrary to the earlier Court of
Appeal decision in _Burswood Nominees_ in October 2004. The same goes for
arguments on jurisdiction under s 3(2)(a). It is not always easy to ascertain
if s 3(2)(a) is satisfied until it is authoritatively adjudicated by a court
of competent jurisdiction. In practice, such grounds are only raised at the
second stage when the judgment debtor comes forward to set aside the
registration. Section 3(1) gives an overarching discretion. Even if none of
the specific instances in s 3(2) apply, a Singapore court may still refuse to
enforce an otherwise registrable Commonwealth judgment if, in its view, it was
in all the circumstances of the case not just and convenient to do so. This is
consistent with the statements cited from previous judgments (see [8] and [10]
above).

19 It is only when we turn to O 67 of the ROC that we find the provision of
the two stage process. These are procedural rules. They were made for the
orderly, efficient and convenient disposal of legal processes brought before
our courts. They can be amended by the Rules Committee and with the approval
of the Chief Justice (see s 80(5) of the Supreme Court of Judicature Act (Cap
322, 2007 Rev Ed). Finality to the first stage comes early when the debtor
fails to challenge the registration. This usually happens when there is no
defence and especially where the defendant is insolvent. There is no need to
proceed to the second stage and the registration becomes final.

20 I therefore cannot accept Mr Fan’s argument that since an appeal was extant
at the time SSB applied for registration at the first stage, there was a fatal
flaw in the registration granted on 18 February 2011 as that Malaysian
judgment was incapable of registration at the first stage. If that is correct
then it must follow that a foreign judgment is incapable of registration at
the first stage if, unknown to the judgment creditor, the judgment debtor
_intends_ to but has not yet appealed. What if the judgment debtor yet later
on abandons his appeal before it is heard? In _Singapore Civil Procedure 2007_
(G P Selvam gen ed) (Sweet & Maxwell Asia, 2007) at para 67/9/1, it is stated,
correctly, that although a judgment has been registered, its status is still
challengeable and “[t]he party against whom the registered judgment may be
enforced is at liberty to apply to have it set aside.”

21 I should also mention two old cases which support my view of the statutory
scheme. Neither counsel brought these cases to my attention.

22 The first is _In The Matter Of Enactment No 10 Of 1922, The Judgments
(Reciprocity) Enactment; Ho Hong Bank Ltd v Ho Kai Neo & Anor_ [1932] MLJ 76
(“ _Ho Kai Neo_ ”). The plaintiff had applied _ex parte_ for leave to register
a Singapore judgment in Johore under the Reciprocal Enforcement of Judgments
Enactment (Enactment No 2 of 1922) (FMS) (“the Enactment”). Thorne J, in the
court below had refused registration at the _ex parte_ stage because he took
the view that default judgments were not registrable under s 3(2)(c) of the
Enactment, which is _in pari materia_ to s 3(2)(c) of the RECJA. On appeal,
Sproule and Terrell JJ were of the view that the registration should have been
allowed as a matter of course and that, in any case, the interpretation of the
court below of s 3(2)(c) of the Enactment was wrong. Sproule J’s judgment at
pages 76 and 80 are relevant:

In my view, a judgment holder is entitled under the Enactment and Rules to his
provisional order _as a matter of course, and an onus is cast upon the debtor
to assail registration later, he having already suffered judgment in the
original Court_. In our case the burden was in fact thrown upon the judgment
creditor, instead, to support his judgment and not as against his debtor, but
against the Court. With great respect, I do not think the Court would be
justified in so acting except in some such extreme case as that the foreign
judgment was so manifestly incompetent as to render the application on the
face of it an abuse of the process of the Court.

…

In my opinion, therefore, the order appealed from was wrong. An order nisi for
provisional registration should have been granted as of course. _Section 3(2)
applies to final registration, thereafter, giving the judgment debtor certain
restricted grounds upon which he could assail the competence or correctness of
the Judgment of the Supreme Court of the Colony in avoidance of final
registration. These were not the concern of the Johore Court upon the original
ex parte application for provisional registration_. But even if they were,
then the learned Judge in the Court below was wrong in his construction of s
3(2) in general or its cl (c) in particular; and if indeed he relied upon any
theory of non-finality of a judgment by default, then he was again wrong.

[emphasis added]

23 In _Lam Soon Cannery Co v H W Hooper & Co_ [1965] MLJ 135 (“ _Lam Soon
Cannery_ ”), one of the arguments raised at the application to set aside (_ie_
, the _inter partes_ stage) was that the original court had acted without
jurisdiction. Counsel argued that Sproule J in _Ho Kai Neo_ was wrong. A V
Winslow J disagreed, stating at 136-137):

An application for provisional registration is, under the relevant rules, made
_ex parte_ before a judge of the High Court in chambers. I do not think that
any judge would make an order as a matter of course having regard to the
provisions of sub-section (2) of section 3 which impose restrictions on such
registration. In fact the Rules made under the Reciprocal Enforcement of
Judgments Ordinance (GN No 122 of 1938) make special provision for the
procedure to be adopted on such applications which must be supported by an
affidavit of the facts. I do not think that Sproule J intended to exclude the
exercise of discretion by the judge because, after stating that the judgment
holder is entitled to a provisional order as a matter of course, and that the
onus is cast upon the debtor to assail registration later, he continues, "In
our case the burden was in fact thrown upon the judgment creditor, instead, to
support his judgment and not as against his debtor, but against the court.
With great respect, I do not think the court would be justified in so acting
except in some such extreme case as that the foreign judgment was so
manifestly incompetent as to render the application on the face of it an abuse
of the process of the court." In this last sentence Sproule J, according to my
understanding of what he says, exemplifies the kind of application for
provisional registration which it would not be just and convenient to grant.

_In my opinion, on an ex parte application, supported by an affidavit, which
ex facie satisfies the requirements of the Ordinance and the Rules, the judge
who has no other materials before him, will be hard put to it to decide that
it would not be just and convenient to enforce the judgment in the State in
the absence of grounds which are also apparent from the record before him.
This he can only do in some such extreme case as Sproule J has described or
where it would appear to be inconvenient to enforce the judgment here on the
ground, for example, that the debtor has no assets within the local
jurisdiction_.

[emphasis added]

Although Winslow J’s judgment was allowed on appeal (see _Lam Soon Cannery Co
v Hooper & Co_ [1965–1967] SLR(R) 149) on other grounds, the above portion of
Winslow J’s judgment was not, however, disturbed. In fact, the Court of Appeal
supported Winslow J’s reasoning (at [34]–[36]):

34 Rule 9(1), as it stands, plainly takes no account of the one side of the
coin, while looking only at the other, with the result that the rule has
rendered the provisions of s 3(1) nugatory. _Registration being ex parte, and
consequently a matter of course, it was at that stage manifestly premature to
anticipate and consider whether or not the judgment debtor might be able to
show grounds against enforcement of the judgment_.

35 As Winslow J puts it: “In my opinion, on an _ex parte_ application,
supported by an affidavit, which _ex facie_ satisfies the requirements of the
Ordinance and the rules, the judge who has no other material before him, will
be hard put to it to decide that it would not be just and convenient to
enforce the judgment in the State, in the absence of grounds which are also
apparent from the record before him.”

36 _Logically the time for the judgment debtor to show cause why enforcement
would not be just or convenient is when he applies for the registration to be
set aside_. That is the practice in England and it was the practice in
Singapore until the former r 12 ceased to be in force. Can a rule be valid
which is in conflict with the law contained in the statute under which the
rule itself came to be made? The law on this point is clear. Section 23(c) of
the Interpretation and General Clauses Ordinance (Cap 2) provides that “no
subsidiary legislation made under an Ordinance shall be inconsistent with the
provisions of any Ordinance.” In my view r 9(1) so offends. The rule cannot
have the effect of denying to the judge the discretion vested in him by sub-s
(1) of s 3. To that extent I hold that r 9(1) is ultra vires and should be
read in the sense one understands the former r 12 to mean.

[emphasis added]

Both cases support my views of the statutory scheme and the two stage process
laid down in O 67. In so saying, I am not advocating the view that a court can
never refuse registration at the first stage. Ordinarily, if the judgment
creditor knows that an appeal has been filed, he should not make an
application at the first stage. Also there may well be cases where it is so
clear that registration will be refused at the first stage. It all depends on
the circumstances of each case.

24 I now turn to another point. O 67 r 3 of the ROC sets out the various
requirements of the supporting affidavit. Under r 3(1)(c)(iii) there is a
requirement for a statement that to the best of the deponent’s information and
belief, the judgment sought to be registered does not fall within any of the
categories listed in s 3(2) of the RECJA. There is a rule applicable to all
_ex parte_ applications, and O 67 r 3 is no exception, that the applicant has
a duty to make full and frank disclosure (see _The “Vasiliy Golovnin”_ [2008]
4 SLR(R) 994 (“ _Vasiliy Golovnin_ ”) at [83]–[93] (in the context of an
application for a warrant of arrest in admiralty proceedings) and _Bahtera
Offshore (M) Sdn Bhd v Sim Kok Beng and another_ [2009] 4 SLR(R) 365 at
[18]–[33] (in the context of a _Mareva_ injunction)).

25 I note that one Andrew John Newton Lee (“Mr Andrew Lee”) had affirmed an
affidavit on behalf of SSB on 17 February 2010 where he had deposed, at [14],
that the Malaysian judgment, if registered in the High Court of Singapore,
will not be liable to be set aside with respect to the said registration under
s 3(2) of the RECJA as the same does not fall within any of the cases
mentioned in s 3(2) of the RECJA when in fact, about 5 months earlier, MDS and
RT had filed their appeals against the Malaysia judgment.

26 However, I am satisfied that on balance, this was not a deliberate
statement made to mislead the court; it was probably due to some
miscommunication. The fact that the appeals had been filed was not something
that was or could be hidden. No one raised this allegation below. RT has not
suffered any prejudice. Furthermore, the first objections raised by RT in his
affidavit sworn on 7 April 2010 was that (i) he was not duly served with the
process of the original court, (ii) there was no such action as described by
SSB, _viz_ , Civil Suit No. D7 (D9)(d1)-22-888-2200 in the High Court of
Malaya at Kuala Lumpur and (iii) the foreign judgment does not exist. What had
happened was a typographical error: the last four digits of the Malaysian
judgment should have read “2000” and not “2200”. It was only in his 27 April
2010 affidavit that RT deposed that he had filed an appeal on 15 September
2009. By this time RT had been made a bankrupt in Malaysia. SSB also applied
and was granted an order to correct the reference to the Malaysian suit to
read as “Civil Suit No. D7 (D9)(d1)-22-888-2000”. There were then long delays
to the continued hearing of these proceedings whilst RT obtained sanction of
the Official Assignee of Malaysia to continue with this application. The
matter was only heard below on the merits on 17 June 2011. RT does not appear
to have raised any arguments based on authorities such as _Vasiliy Golovin_
below (see written submissions dated 30 March 2011 and the learned AR’s Notes
of Evidence). It was only in RT’s written submissions filed on 14 July 2011
for this appeal that RT alleged SSB “misled” the court by Mr Andrew Lee’s
affidavit but this point was not pursued before me.

27 RT’s last avenue for an appeal, an application for leave to appeal to the
Malaysian Federal Court, was dismissed on 14 June 2011. By 17 June 2011, the
date when the learned AR dismissed RT’s application, all avenues of appeal had
been exhausted by RT. SSB’s claim against RT is on his guarantee against
default and non-payment of facilities granted by SSB (UMF) to MDS. The vast
majority of such claims are straightforward and given on a summary basis, as
was this judgment. It is unsurprising that the learned AR below dismissed RT’s
application to set aside the registration of the Malaysian judgment.

28 Even if Mr Fan’s contention is correct, and I do not, with respect, believe
it is, there is no utility or practical consideration that requires the
setting aside of the registration just for SSB to apply once more to register
the Malaysian judgment. Such over emphasis on technicalities no longer has any
place in modern civil procedure. Khoo J’s approach in _Perwira Ariffin Bank_ ,
in which he stayed the setting aside proceedings pending the outcome of an
appeal, has everything to recommend it.

Conclusion

29 In all the circumstances of this case, it was just and convenient to
register and enforce this Malaysian judgment in Singapore. I therefore
dismissed the appeal with costs fixed at $1,500 all in.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 21 Oct 2011 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

