Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  The “Oriental Baltic”  
[2011] SGHC 75

Case Number| :| Admiralty in Rem No 163 of 2010 (Summons No 5654 of 2010)  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 30 March 2011  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Tan Lee Meng J  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Goh Wing Sun (W S Goh & Co) for the plaintiff; Bernard
Yee (Gurbani & Co) for the intervener.  
Parties| :|  The "Oriental Baltic"  
  
30 March 2011|  
---|---  
  
Tan Lee Meng J:

Introduction

1 The plaintiff, United Bunkering & Trading (Asia) Pte Ltd (“UBT”), applied
for leave under s 299 of the Companies Act (Cap 50, 2006 Rev Ed) (the “Act”)
to continue with its _in rem_ action against the defendant, the owner of the
_Oriental Baltic_ (the “Vessel”), Oriental MES Logistics Pte Ltd (“OML”),
which is being wound up. UBT’s application was opposed by the intervener, Posh
Maritime Pte Ltd (“PMP”).

Background

2 In November 2009, PT Sarana Kelola Investa, which had instituted Admiralty
in Rem No 328 of 2009 (“ADM 328”) against, OML, arrested the Vessel in
Singapore.

3 UBT, which had then not instituted any action against OML, filed a caveat
against the release of the Vessel on 25 May 2010.

4 On 23 July 2010, PMP, which had instituted Admiralty in Rem No 92 of 2010
(“ADM 92”) against OML, was given leave to intervene in ADM 328.

5 On 7 September 2010, OML’s directors resolved to wind up the company as it
could not continue with its business because of its liabilities. The winding
up of OML commenced on 8 September 2010 at around 10.18 am. Mr Farooq Ahmad
Mann and Mr Ewe Pang Kooi of M/s Ewe Loke & Partners were appointed as the
company’s provisional liquidators.

6 After the liquidation of OML commenced, UBT instituted its _in rem_ action
against OML on the afternoon of 8 September 2010 at around 2.25 pm. UBT
claimed that OML owed it US$183,106.84, as well as contractual interest, for
the supply of marine gas oil in November and December 2009.

7 On 15 October 2010, the Vessel was sold by the Sheriff and the proceeds of
sale, which amounted to $403,000, were paid into court.

8 On 25 October 2010, PMP obtained judgment in ADM 92. On 26 November 2010, it
applied for the determination of priorities and payment out of the proceeds of
sale of the Vessel.

9 On 1 February 2011, UBT’s application for leave to continue with its _in
rem_ action was heard.

Whether leave should be given to UBT to continue with its action

10 Section 299(2) of the Act, which concerns legal proceedings where the
winding up of a company has commenced, provides:

After the commencement of the winding up no action or proceeding shall be
proceeded with or commenced against the company except by leave of the Court
and subject to such terms as the Court imposes.

11 Obviously UBT wanted leave to continue with its action in order to obtain
judgment and stake a claim for a share of the proceeds of sale of the Vessel.
As UBT’s claim potentially competed with that of PMP, the latter intervened in
the present proceedings and strenuously argued that UBT’s application for
leave should be rejected.

12 Whether leave to continue with admiralty _in rem_ proceedings after the
owner of the vessel has gone into liquidation must be considered very
carefully because of the effect of such proceedings on other creditors of the
company. In an oft-cited case, _In re Aro Co Ltd_ (“ _Re Aro_ ”) [1980] Ch
196, Brightman LJ explained at 207H-208C:

The usual object of suing in rem is to obtain security. The plaintiff becomes
entitled upon the institution of his suit to the arrest and detention of the
subject matter … and on adjudication in his favour to a sale and satisfaction
of his judgment out of the net proceeds thereof, subject to other claims
ranking in priority to or pari passu with his own. So stated, the rights of a
plaintiff suing in rem have points of similarity with the rights of a legal or
equitable mortgagee or chargee….

13 The main problem faced by UBT in its application for leave to continue with
its action against OML was that its _in rem_ action was instituted _after_ the
winding up of OML had commenced. There are two approaches which may be taken
when considering whether or not leave should be granted under s 299(2) of the
Act to UBT to continue with its action. The first approach focuses on whether
or not an applicant for such leave is a secured creditor. In _The Hull 308_
[1991] 2 SLR(R) 643, the Court of Appeal, relying on _Re Aro_ , reiterated at
[10] that the proper test for determining whether the plaintiffs in any given
case are secured creditors is to ask whether immediately before the
presentation of the winding-up petition, they could assert against all the
world that the vessel was security for their claim. While _The Hull 308_ was
concerned with an application for leave under s 262(3) of the Act which
applies to compulsory winding up, the principles enunciated in that case are
applicable to s 299(2) of the Act, which governs voluntary winding up and is
_in pari materia_ with s 262(3) of the Act. Evidently, UBT was in no position
at the material time to assert against the whole world that the Vessel was
security for its claim as it had not instituted _in rem_ proceedings against
the owners of the Vessel. That being the case, it should not be allowed to
continue with its suit.

14 An alternative approach outlined by Brightman LJ in _Re Aro_ was also
adopted by the Court of Appeal in _The Hull 308_. It is that the court’s power
to grant leave to continue the action is not dependent on whether the
applicant for leave is a secured creditor and the court’s task is to do what
is right and fair in the circumstances. That was why in _Re Aro_ , leave was
granted to continue an _in rem_ action even though the writ was instituted but
not served before the commencement of the liquidation of the defendants.

15 While the courts have allowed a plaintiff who instituted an _in rem_ action
before the commencement of liquidation of the shipowner to continue with the
action even though the writ had not been served by that date, the position is
different where an _in rem_ action is instituted _after_ the commencement of
liquidation. In _The Hull 308_ , the plaintiff, who supplied equipment and
engines for the construction of the defendant shipowner’s vessel, started an
_in rem_ action one month after the commencement of the liquidation of the
defendant. LP Thean JA explained (at [14]) as follows why the plaintiff should
not be allowed to continue with its action:

Following the alternative broad approach adopted by Brightman LJ and doing
what is right and fair in the circumstances we do not think that in this case
the discretion under […the Act] should be exercised in favour of the
plaintiffs. The plaintiffs immediately before the commencement of winding up
of the defendants had no security over the vessel, and _should leave in such
circumstances be granted, it would confer upon the plaintiffs a security on an
asset of the defendants which the plaintiffs otherwise did not have and could
not have_. _That would be unfair to the other unsecured creditors_. The
primary object of the winding up provisions of the Act, as held by Lindley LJ
in _In re Oak Pits Colliery Co_ (1882) 21 Ch D 322 at 329, is to put all
unsecured creditors upon an equality and to pay them _pari passu_ ; ….

[emphasis added]

16 UBT contended that while it had not issued a writ before the commencement
of liquidation proceedings against OML, the fact that it had filed a caveat
against release before that date should be taken into account. However, a
caveat against release does not establish the caveator’s status _vis-à-vis_ a
vessel in the way that the issue of a writ does. In _Re Aro_ , Brightman LJ
stated at 211 that such status is established by the issue of the writ. In my
view, on the basis of the alternative approach outlined by Brightman LJ, it
would not be right and fair in the circumstances to allow UBT to continue with
its action against OML as that would be most unfair to OML’s other creditors.

17 For the reasons stated, UBT’s application for leave to continue with its
action was dismissed.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 30 Mar 2011 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

