Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Xu Ren Li _v_ Nakano Singapore (Pte) Ltd  
[2011] SGHC 197

Case Number| :| District Court Appeal No 12 of 2011  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 25 August 2011  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Chan Sek Keong CJ  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Han Hean Juan (Hoh Law Corporation) for the appellant;
Lei Chee Kong Thomas (Lawrence Chua & Partners) for the respondent.  
Parties| :|  Xu Ren Li — Nakano Singapore (Pte) Ltd  
  
25 August 2011|  
---|---  
  
Chan Sek Keong CJ:

Introduction

1 This was an appeal against the decision of the district judge (“the DJ”)
dismissing the claim by the appellant, Xu Ren Li (“the Appellant”), for
damages in respect of injuries which he suffered while at work (see _Xu Ren Li
v Nakano Singapore (Pte) Ltd_ [2011] SGDC 159 (“the GD”)). At the conclusion
of the hearing of the appeal, I allowed the appeal in part. In my view, the
Appellant and the respondent, Nakano Singapore (Pte) Ltd (“the Respondent”),
were equally at fault, and I accordingly apportioned liability in the ratio
50:50. I now give my reasons for so deciding.

Factual background

2 At the material time, the Appellant, a 43-year-old PRC national, was
employed as a construction worker by the Respondent in the construction of a
condominium known as “Saint Thomas Suites Condominium” located at St Thomas
Walk, Singapore.

3 The Appellant claimed that on 30 March 2009, at about 7.00pm to 7.20pm,
while he was using a staircase (“the Staircase”) in an uncompleted building at
the construction site (“the Building”) to make his way down from the 19th
floor to the 10th floor to catch the passenger lift located on that floor, he
lost his balance on one of the steps and fell against an on-facing wall
situated at the staircase landing on the 12th floor, hitting his right
shoulder and landing on his buttocks. At the time of his fall, the Appellant
was the last person in the group of workers going down for their dinner. As he
was trailing his co-workers, no one saw him fall. He picked himself up and
rejoined his colleagues at the passenger lift.

4 The Appellant claimed that as a result of his fall, he felt intense pain in
his right shoulder, right arm and back. He returned to his dormitory after
dinner to rest because his right shoulder was painful and he could not lift up
his right arm. The Appellant reported the accident to his supervisor the next
day and was sent to Singapore General Hospital for medical treatment. The
doctor noted that he had sustained minor shoulder and back injuries. The
Appellant was given medical leave for ten days and was told to return for a CT
scan of his injured shoulder.

5 On 9 April 2009, the Respondent arranged for the Appellant to receive
follow-up treatment at National University Hospital (“NUH”). From 11 April
2009 till 16 October 2009, the Appellant visited NUH six times and was given
six medical certificates to cover his absence from work.[note: 1]

6 On 16 April 2009, the Appellant lodged a report with the Ministry of
Manpower (“MOM”). On 18 April 2009, the Respondent lodged a report with MOM
and disputed the manner in which the Appellant had (so he claimed) sustained
his injuries. The Respondent alleged that the Appellant had been involved in
an affray on the afternoon of 30 March 2009 with another PRC construction
worker, in the course of which he was pushed. His injuries were caused by the
resultant fall. As such, the Respondent claimed that the Appellant’s account
of his fall at the Staircase was fabricated. Alternatively, the Respondent
alleged that the Appellant was wholly responsible for the accident, either
through his own negligence or by deliberately injuring himself.

7 On 12 October 2009, the Appellant filed a writ of summons against the
Respondent claiming damages for personal injuries arising from his fall. The
basis of the Appellant’s claim was that the Respondent had breached both its
statutory duty under reg 23(2) of the Workplace Safety and Health (General
Provisions) Regulations (Cap 354A, Rg 1, 2007 Rev Ed) (“Reg 23(2)”) and its
common law duty of care in failing to provide a safe place of work, in that:

(a) there was no handrail or other support along the wall of the Staircase for
the Appellant to hold on to while descending;

(b) the step on the Staircase where the Appellant fell was broken; and

(c) there was no proper lighting in the stairwell where the Staircase was
located.

8 The Appellant also pleaded other particulars of breach of statutory duty and
common law duty, but they will not be considered in these grounds of decision
as they were not material to the disposition of the Appellant’s claim in the
court below.

9 The Respondent denied liability on the ground that its failure to install
any handrail along the wall of the Staircase was not a breach of either its
statutory duty or its common law duty to provide a safe place of work. It also
pleaded that the Appellant’s injuries were not caused by his fall, but were
instead caused as a result of his affray with a co-worker. Alternatively, if
the Respondent was indeed negligent, the Appellant was himself also negligent
in going down the Staircase hurriedly to catch the passenger lift.

The decision below

10 The DJ dismissed the Appellant’s action for the following reasons:

(a) the Respondent was not in breach of Reg 23(2); and

(b) although the Respondent owed a duty of care to the Appellant to ensure
that there was adequate lighting at and proper steps on the Staircase, the
Appellant had failed to prove that the Respondent was in breach of this duty
as:

(i) the lighting at the Staircase was adequate; and

(ii) the Appellant’s evidence that he had fallen by stepping on a broken step
was not reliable as he had produced a photograph of a broken step which might
have been located on a floor other than the floor where he fell.

11 The DJ also found that the effective cause of the Appellant’s fall was “the
[Appellant]’s own negligence in rushing down the steps” (see the GD at [23]).
It appeared from the GD (at [22]–[23]) that the DJ considered the Appellant’s
conduct to be the sole effective cause of his fall.

The issues on appeal

12 On appeal to this court, the Appellant raised the same issues as those
raised in the court below and reiterated the arguments that were rejected by
the DJ. Similarly, the Respondent reiterated the arguments which found favour
with the DJ.

13 In essence, there were three issues which I had to decide, _viz_ :

(a) whether the Respondent, in failing to install any handrail along the
Staircase, was in breach of its statutory duty under Reg 23(2) (“Issue 1”);

(b) whether the Respondent was in breach of its common law duty of care to
provide a safe place of work for its workers (“Issue 2”); and

(c) whether the Appellant was negligent in falling while making his way down
the Staircase (“Issue 3”).

Issue 1: Was the Respondent in breach of its statutory duty under Reg 23(2) in
failing to install any handrail along the Staircase?

14 Issue 1 centred on Reg 23(2), which provides as follows:

**Measures to be taken to prevent falls**

**23**. …

(2) For every staircase in a factory building or which affords a means of exit
from the factory building, a substantial handrail shall be provided and
maintained, which —

(_a_) if the staircase has an open side, shall be on that side; and

(_b_) if the staircase has 2 open sides, shall be on both sides.

15 The DJ found that the Respondent was not in breach of Reg 23(2) for the
following reasons (see [7] of the GD):

Having read the provision, _I think the statutory obligation is only to
provide handrails for staircases with open sides_. This rule aims to prevent
workers falling from height at the exposed side. The [S]taircase here,
however, has no open sides. It is flanked by walls (a walled staircase).
Hence, [Reg] 23(2) … does not apply. [emphasis added]

16 In my view, the DJ’s interpretation of Reg 23(2) was wrong. Reg 23(2), read
purposively and sensibly, entails that a handrail must be provided for every
staircase in a factory building (which, as defined in s 5(3)(_q_) of the
Workplace Safety and Health Act (Cap 354A, 2009 Rev Ed), includes premises
where building operations or any engineering construction works are carried
on) or which affords a means of exit from a factory building. The word “which”
in the third line of Reg 23(2) (as reproduced at [14] above) does not qualify
the earlier reference to a factory building, but merely specifies that if a
staircase is open on one side, a handrail must be provided on that side, and
if a staircase has two open sides, handrails must be provided on both sides.
Reg 23(2) applies to all staircases, whether or not they have any open side or
sides. Where a staircase has no open side, such as the Staircase in the
present action (which was a walled staircase), a substantial handrail must
still be provided on at least one side as the minimum requirement under Reg
23(2). Counsel for the Respondent argued that Reg 23(2) was ambiguous and,
because it was a penal provision, such ambiguity should be construed in favour
of the Respondent. I rejected this argument as, in my view, the principle of
construction is the converse. In the area of social legislation where the
prevention of injury to workers is paramount, any ambiguity in such
legislation should be construed to achieve its purpose, _viz_ , to protect the
safety and welfare of the worker.

17 I should add, further, that counsel for the Respondent accepted that the
staircases from the 9th floor to the 19th floor of the Building had no
handrails. It was argued that it was not practical for the Respondent to
install handrails as they might be damaged before the Building was ready for
occupation. I rejected this argument. The obligation created by Reg 23(2) is
not qualified by considerations of practicality. If the Respondent was indeed
concerned about handrails (had they been installed) being damaged, it could
have installed temporary handrails along the staircases in the Building.
Accordingly, I found the Respondent in breach of Reg 23(2) in failing to
provide any handrail along the Staircase where the Appellant fell.

Issue 2: Was the Respondent in breach of its common law duty to provide a safe
place of work?

18 Turning now to Issue 2, in my view, the Respondent was in breach of its
common law duty to provide a safe place of work for its workers. The
staircases from the 9th floor to the 19th floor of the Building (which were
not in a finished state at the material time as the Building was still under
construction) were unsafe for use by workers because:

(a) no handrail had been installed on at least one side of each staircase;

(b) the steps on the staircases were uneven as each step had a recess on the
edge which had yet to be laid over with a non-slip tile (that was to be done
only at the completion stage of the Building); and

(c) the staircases did not have any lighting and the staircase landings were
only dimly lit.

In this connection, it is pertinent to note that a photograph of a completed
staircase in the Building showed a handrail running along one side of the
staircase as well as non-slip finishing at the edge of the steps.[note: 2]

19 I should add that in the present case, the staircases in the Building were
constructed for use by residents – _ie_ , they were not intended to be used by
the Respondent’s workers. However, the Respondent’s workers had to use the
staircases, notwithstanding their incomplete state of construction at the
material time, because the passenger lift in the Building could not reach
higher than the 10th floor. The staircases became an unsafe place of work
because, despite their incomplete state, the Respondent’s workers had to use
them to gain access from the 10th floor to higher floors of the Building.

Issue 3: Was the Appellant negligent in falling while making his way down the
Staircase?

20 Moving on to Issue 3, in my view, the Appellant was contributorily
negligent at the material time. He had used the staircases in the Building
(which, as just mentioned, were still in an incomplete state of construction)
many times in the course of his work and ought to have been aware of their
physical condition. His co-workers had also used the same staircases for the
same purposes every working day. Yet, none of them had fallen or slipped on
the staircases. The Appellant was aware that there was no lighting at the
staircases and that the staircase landings were only dimly lit. He was also
aware that the steps on the staircases were unfinished and uneven. As such,
the Appellant should have exercised care when using the staircases. He should
not have descended them at a fast pace. In his testimony, the Appellant agreed
that he had been moving quickly down the Staircase when he fell. His act of
rushing down the Staircase significantly increased the risk of his accident
happening and also contributed to the degree of his injuries. For these
reasons, I was of the view that the DJ’s finding that the accident had
resulted from the Appellant’s conduct in rushing down the Staircase should not
be disturbed, although I differed from the DJ in so far as I regarded the
Respondent’s breach of statutory duty and common law duty as a causative
factor as well.

Conclusion

21 In the result, I found that both the Appellant and the Respondent were
negligent. Based on the evidence before me, it was difficult to determine
which party was more at fault. I thus decided that liability should be
apportioned equally between the parties, with the costs of the appeal awarded
to the Appellant. I also ordered the quantum of damages and the costs of the
proceedings in the District Court to be assessed by a deputy registrar of the
District Court.

* * *

[note: 1]See the Record of Appeal filed on 25 June 2011 at vol 2, pp 248–253.

[note: 2]_Id_ at vol 2, p 404.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 25 Aug 2011 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

