Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Ramalingam Ravinthran _v_ Public Prosecutor  
[2011] SGCA 14

Case Number| :| Criminal Appeal No 28 of 2009  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 11 April 2011  
Tribunal/Court| :| Court of Appeal  
Coram| :|  Chan Sek Keong CJ; Andrew Phang Boon Leong JA; V K Rajah JA  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Suresh Damodara, Leonard Hazra (Damodara, Hazra, K
Sureshan LLP) and Jeyapalan Ayaduray (Jeya & Associates) for the appellant;
Mark Tay, Prem Raj s/o Prabakaran and Kevin Yong (Attorney-General's Chambers)
for the respondent.  
Parties| :|  Ramalingam Ravinthran — Public Prosecutor  
  
[LawNet Editorial Note: This was an appeal from the decision of the High Court
in [2009] SGHC 265.]

11 April 2011|  
---|---  
  
Chan Sek Keong CJ (delivering the grounds of decision of the court):

Introduction

1 This was an appeal by Ramalingam Ravinthran (“the appellant”) against the
decision of the trial judge (“the Judge”) in Criminal Case No 29 of 2007 (see
_Public Prosecutor v Ramalingam Ravinthran_ [2009] SGHC 265 (“the GD”))
convicting him of two charges of trafficking in a controlled drug (_ie_ ,
respectively, 5,560.1g of cannabis and 2,078.3g of cannabis mixture), an
offence under s 5(1)(_a_) read with s 33 of and the Second Schedule to the
Misuse of Drugs Act (Cap 185, 2001 Rev Ed) (“the MDA”).

2 The two charges arose in the same transaction. A sports bag (“the sports
bag”) containing eight blocks of vegetable matter, each wrapped in aluminium
foil and transparent plastic cling wrap, was recovered from the rear left
passenger seat of a motor car when the appellant was arrested after a car
chase. The eight blocks of vegetable matter were put in three separate plastic
bags inside the sports bag. At the time of his arrest, the appellant was alone
in the car. The eight blocks of vegetable matter, upon analysis, were found to
contain cannabis and cannabis mixture, both controlled substances under the
MDA. This gave rise to two distinct charges, one for trafficking in cannabis
and the other for trafficking in cannabis mixture, as cannabis and cannabis
mixture are classified as different drugs for the purposes of the MDA.

3 At the conclusion of oral submissions before us, we dismissed the appeal. We
now give our reasons.

Background

4 The undisputed facts set out in the statements given by the appellant to the
Central Narcotics Bureau (“CNB”) were as follows. The appellant, a Singapore
citizen, was in the business of supplying workers to the refinery, oil rig and
marine industries, a business he set up in 1982. According to the appellant’s
statements, he was introduced in 2001 to four labour supply contractors in
Malaysia, two of whom were Anand and Kumar. The appellant would use their
services when he had contracts in Malaysia.

5 Sometime in 2005 or 2006, the appellant met Anand and Kumar in a restaurant
near a temple in Johor Bahru, Malaysia. With them were one Tamby, who was
their foreman, and some other men. Tamby introduced one or more of them to the
appellant, including one “Rajoo” (whose real name was Sundar Arujanan).
Subsequently, Sundar Arujanan (“Sundar”) would telephone the appellant from
time to time to ask if the appellant had work opportunities for him. They
would also meet socially from time to time in Singapore, sometimes by chance
and sometimes by arrangement over the telephone.

6 Sometime in April or May 2006, Anand and Kumar invited the appellant to a
nightclub in Johor Bahru, where they had drinks and women for company. The
appellant drank a glass of beer, which he later suspected to have been laced
with drugs as he felt giddy after drinking it, even though, ordinarily, he
could drink up to fifteen glasses of beer without difficulty. When he asked
Kumar what was in the beer, Kumar replied, “party things” which were “good for
the women”. After that, the appellant attended similar social events with
Anand and Kumar weekly. On two or three such occasions, Anand gave the
appellant cigarettes to smoke, which the appellant also suspected contained
drugs.

7 On one of these social occasions, Kumar told the appellant that there were
three or four incidents when people had “cheated him” in Singapore. He then
told the appellant that he trusted him, and asked him to help him. When the
appellant asked what kind of help Kumar meant, Kumar replied that it involved
transportation of something, but had “nothing to do with drugs or explosives”.
The appellant told Kumar that he would help him if he had the time.

8 Sometime in May or June 2006, the appellant received a telephone call from
Kumar asking him to help transport a bag from the Sri Arasakesari Sivan Temple
(“the SAS Temple”) at 25 Sungei Kadut Avenue, Singapore, to the “Sungei Kadut
canteen” (properly known as the Hawkerway Food Court) at 16A Sungei Kadut Way.
The appellant was told to go to the SAS Temple in his car, leave the car door
unlocked and then go inside the temple to pray. Upon receiving the bag, the
appellant was to bring it to the Hawkerway Food Court, although he was not
told whom he should deliver it to. On a pre-arranged day in June 2006, the
appellant drove to the SAS Temple, parked his car at the temple grounds and
left the door unlocked as instructed. He then went inside the temple to pray.
When he came out 20 minutes later, he saw that a bag had been placed on the
back seat of his car. He drove to the Hawkerway Food Court with the bag,
parked his car nearby and had a meal there. When he returned to his car 25
minutes later, the bag was no longer inside the car. The appellant entered his
car and drove off. After about 10 minutes of driving, Kumar telephoned the
appellant and informed him that the bag had been collected. Kumar told the
appellant further that he thought the appellant would have looked into the
bag, which contained safety boots. During a social outing with Kumar after
this incident, the appellant asked Kumar why the bag had to be left in and
taken from his car, and why he could not have received it and delivered it
face-to-face. Kumar replied by telling the appellant not to worry about it.

9 On the morning of 13 July 2006, the appellant received a telephone call from
Tamby (see [5] above), who told him that Kumar or Sundar would call him in the
afternoon. That afternoon, Kumar telephoned the appellant at his office at
around 2pm and told him to meet Sundar at the SAS Temple at 3.30pm. Sundar
himself telephoned shortly after to confirm this. The appellant drove to the
SAS Temple at around 3.30pm, but found the gates closed. He then telephoned
Sundar, who said he would take some time to get there. The appellant replied
that he had work to do and was not sure if he would wait; he then drove off.

10 While he was driving, the appellant received another telephone call from an
unknown person telling him to go to “the canteen”, whereupon the appellant
drove to the Hawkerway Food Court at Sungei Kadut Way. The appellant did not
recognise the voice of the caller at the time, but, later, it occurred to him
that the caller was a person called Abang who had been introduced to him at
Kumar’s office in Malaysia sometime at the end of 2005.

11 The appellant arrived at the Hawkerway Food Court at around 3.45pm, parked
his car nearby and went to the food court to use the restroom. When he was in
the restroom, a person approached him. The appellant addressed him as “Abang”,
but did not immediately recognise him. However, he later recalled that it was
the same Abang whom he had met at Kumar’s office in late 2005. Abang then
asked the appellant, “Hasn’t the book arrived?”, to which the appellant
replied, “No.” Abang then gave the appellant a bundle of currency notes and
told him to give the money to whoever brought the book, saying that it was
“workman’s money”. After Abang left the restroom, the appellant entered a
toilet cubicle to count the money, which amounted to $4,000. The appellant
then left the restroom, had a meal at the food court and left the food court.

12 Between 4.15pm and 5.00pm on the same day, the appellant drove around the
Sungei Kadut area on work-related errands and had coffee at a coffee shop. He
then drove to the SAS Temple, arriving at around 5.15pm. As the gate was open,
he parked in the compound and got out of the car. Sundar then approached the
car, opened the door and placed the sports bag (_ie_ , the sports bag defined
at [2] above) on the back passenger seat. Both men then got into the car. The
appellant gave the $4,000 which he had received from Abang to Sundar, saying
that it was “workman’s money”. Both men then left the SAS Temple in the
appellant’s car at about 5.20pm.

13 The Judge’s findings in relation to what happened at the SAS Temple are
summarised at [3]–[5] of the GD as follows:

3 Officers of the Central Narcotics Bureau (“CNB”) had kept the [appellant] on
surveillance on the date of his arrest on 13 July 2006. He was observed to
have driven his car SBR 4484 (“the car”) into the compound of Sri Arasakesari
Sivan Temple (“the temple”) along Sungei Kadut Avenue at about 5.15 pm. The
[appellant] parked the car and went out of it. He then met up with another
man, Sundar Arujunan (“Sundar”) in the compound. Sundar was carrying a red and
blue bag (“the [sports] bag”). Sundar placed the [sports] bag into the back
seat of the car. The [appellant] and Sundar then went into the car, with the
[appellant] driving and Sundar in the front passenger’s seat. He drove the car
out of the temple compound and proceeded to Woodlands Road where Sundar
alighted, leaving the [sports] bag in the car.

4 The CNB officers continued to keep surveillance on the [appellant]’s car.
They trailed the car as it made its way to Kranji Expressway, Sungei Tengah
Road, Bricklands Road, KJE, Pioneer Road North, Jurong West Streets 91, 92 and
93, Upper Jurong Road, Pioneer Road North, Pioneer Circle and Pioneer Road
where the journey ended with the arrest of the [appellant].

5 The route taken by the [appellant] showed that he was driving around in no
particular direction. The officers noted in their pocket books after the
arrest that the [appellant] was driving at a high speed, that he drove through
two red traffic lights and made two turns around Pioneer Circle.

14 The appellant made no mention of the car chase in his statements to the
CNB. The arresting CNB officers gave a full account of it and of the manner in
which the appellant was arrested. When asked about it in cross-examination,
the appellant did not dispute the route taken or the manner of his arrest;
however, he denied that he had driven at a high speed at the material time,
had driven through two red traffic lights or had been trying to elude the cars
following him to avoid being caught with something illegal. The following was
undisputed: while travelling along Pioneer Road towards Benoi Road, the
appellant’s car was travelling in the left lane. When he reached the front of
the ExxonMobil Refinery at 18 Pioneer Road, the appellant switched to the
right lane and stopped at a red light. At this moment (about 5.40pm), a car
driven by Senior Staff Sergeant Lim Yee Chong overtook the appellant’s car on
the right side, going against the flow of traffic along Pioneer Road, before
swerving left in front of the appellant’s car at a 45-degree angle. A second
car driven by Staff Sergeant Lim Kim Hock stopped on the left side of the
appellant’s car, while a third car driven by Woman Sergeant Chan Jee Yeng
(“W/Sgt JY Chan”) stopped behind the appellant’s car. These manoeuvres all
happened within about 10 to 20 seconds. Three CNB officers, Senior Station
Inspector Tan Yian Chye (“SSI YC Tan”), Senior Staff Sergeant Rahmat bin Toleh
(“SS/Sgt Rahmat”) and Station Inspector M Subramaniam (“SI Subramaniam”),
emerged from the first, second and third cars respectively and ran towards the
appellant’s car. The appellant then reversed his car, whereupon W/Sgt JY Chan
(who was in the car behind the appellant’s car) drove forward and stopped the
appellant from reversing his car. SI Subramaniam then smashed the windshield
of the appellant’s car with a hammer, while SSI YC Tan smashed the passenger-
side window with some instrument. SS/Sgt Rahmat then opened the passenger-side
door and handcuffed the appellant’s left hand. The appellant was then brought
out of his car by other CNB officers.

15 After he was arrested, the appellant was brought to a trailer park along
Pioneer Road, about 200 to 300 metres away. At around 5.55pm, a group of CNB
officers from the CNB Special Task Force (“STF”) arrived at the trailer park
to take custody of the appellant. At about 6.20pm, two STF officers recorded a
statement from the appellant. Senior Staff Sergeant David Ng (“SS/Sgt Ng”)
acted as recording officer, while Sergeant Chelliah Vijay (“Sgt V Chelliah”)
acted as a Tamil interpreter. The relevant part of the statement recorded by
SS/Sgt Ng was in the form of questions (from SS/Sgt Ng) and answers (from the
appellant) as follows:

Q1:The sport [_sic_] bag that found inside the car belong to who?

A1:My friend ‘Rajoo’ [_ie_ , Sundar].

Q2:What is inside the bag [_ie_ , the sports bag]?

A2:Something inside.

Q3:What ‘something’ are you referring?

A3:I’m not very sure.

Q4:Why ‘Rajoo’ leave his bag inside your car when he alighted?

A4:‘Rajoo’ said later, he will take his bag.

Q5:After opened the bag in front of you, do you know what is inside there?

A5:Yes. I know.

Q6:What is inside the bag?

A6:The ‘Grass’.

Q7:How do you know is the ‘Grass’ whereby I did not tear opened the aluminium
wrapper?

A7:I knew it because the officers said so.

Q8:What exact words did the officers said?

A8:‘Grass’.

In recording the last answer, SS/Sgt Ng instructed Sgt V Chelliah to spell out
the words “grass” and “glass” to the appellant to confirm that he had answered
“grass”. The appellant confirmed that he had answered “grass”.

16 The sports bag in the appellant’s car was searched, and was found to
contain eight blocks of vegetable matter (placed in three separate plastic
bags) wrapped in aluminium foil and transparent plastic cling wrap. The eight
blocks of vegetable matter were handed over to analysts at the Health Sciences
Authority (“HSA”) on the next day, 14 July 2006. The analysis showed that the
vegetable blocks were found to contain 5,560.1g of cannabis and 2,078.3g of
cannabis mixture. Two out of three urine samples taken from the appellant on
13 July 2006 were also handed over to the HSA (one to Analyst Lim Cheng Min
and the other to Analyst Moy Hooi Yan) on 14 July 2006. The samples were
analysed and certified (by Lim Cheng Min on 25 July 2006 and Moy Hooi Yan on
24 July 2006 respectively) to contain tetrahydrocannibinol (or “THC”), the
main intoxicating substance in cannabis. Searches were made at the appellant’s
workplace at 53 Shipyard Road, a building at 11 Warwick Road and the
appellant’s home at Block 64, #02-196, Telok Blangah Drive, but nothing
incriminating was found at any of those places.

Statements of Sundar and the appellant to the CNB

17 Several statements from Sundar and the appellant, taken in the course of
investigations, were admitted in evidence at the trial below. At the
appellant’s trial, Sundar was a prosecution witness. However, he turned
hostile, and the Prosecution was given leave under s 156 of the Evidence Act
(Cap 97, 1997 Rev Ed) to cross-examine him as a hostile prosecution witness
under s 147 of the Evidence Act as he had previously given inconsistent
statements to the CNB. Three investigation statements made by Sundar as well
as the statement of facts which Sundar admitted to at his own trial for drug
trafficking were admitted for this purpose.

18 We now set out the material portions of the statements made by Sundar and
the appellant.

Sundar’s statements

19 The material parts of the statement recorded from Sundar on 17 July 2006 on
what had happened after the appellant had driven out of the SAS Temple on 13
July 2006 at about 5.20pm read as follows:

37 We turned out from the carpark into the main road. I was in a happy mood
then, thinking that I would be getting my work permit. But after travelling
for about 5 to 6 minutes, [the appellant] _suddenly asked if I knew what was
inside the [sports] bag and I replied negatively. He then told me that it was
ganja. I did not know whether he was telling the truth but I immediately told
him that I want to get out of the car_. [The appellant] did not utter another
word, he just stopped the car and let me alight. I wished to add that while I
was in the car, I did not see [the appellant] opening up the [sports] bag[.]

38 … After that, I went to buy some fruits from a fruit stall and then went to
a nearby bus stop to take bus no. 170.

39 At about 5.30pm to 6pm, while I was waiting at the bus stop, a group of
about 6 to 7 men in plain clothes came and identified themselves to be police.
They asked me to kneel down and conducted a search on me. They found the roll
of money and asked me how much was there. I replied that there was S$4000. I
was then handcuffed and escorted to a police station.

[emphasis added]

20 On 20 July 2006, a further investigation statement was taken from Sundar,
in which he said:

52 The statement given by me on 13/07/2006 at 8.10 pm in a police station was
read back to me in Tamil and I confirmed it to be mine. I wished to add that I
had told the police officers then that the [sports] bag contained ganja
because I was informed by [the appellant], while I was in the car, that the
[sports] bag contained ganja. I thought the police couldn’t have arrested me
without any reason and so I just repeated to them that there was ganja in the
[sports] bag.

21 On 6 July 2007, Sundar pleaded guilty to two charges of trafficking in
cannabis in a quantity that made it a non-capital offence. At that hearing,
Sundar admitted to a statement of facts dated 5 July 2007, which stated,
_inter alia_ , as follows:

11 The accused [_ie_ , Sundar] agreed. He took over the red and blue sports
bag [_ie_ , the sports bag] containing the 8 drug exhibits from “Sashi”. The
accused thought that the red and blue sports bag contained “ganja”; but he did
not open the red and blue sports bag to verify that there was “ganja” inside.

...

15 Shortly, both the accused and [the appellant] left the Sri Arasakesari
Sivan temple in the car SBR 4484 S. [The appellant] was driving the said car.
_After travelling for about 5 minutes, [the appellant] said to the accused
that there was “ganja” inside the red and blue sports bag_.

[emphasis added]

Sundar was convicted on both counts of trafficking in a controlled substance
and sentenced to a total of 20 years’ imprisonment and 24 strokes of the cane.

22 After Sundar’s conviction, a further investigation statement was taken from
him on 17 July 2007. In this statement, he said the following:

10 Inside the car, [the appellant] asked me whether I wanted to have a drink.
I said I got no money. He said I was a stingy fellow and said I was a
“kanjappaya” (Recorder[’s] notes: Accused said the “kanjappaya” meant stingy
fellow). [The appellant] was not going to Tekka so I got out of the car to go
to Tekka. I did not know where [the appellant] was going.

11 _I mistaken “kanjappaya” as “ganja” because back at CNB, the officers told
me the [sports] bag contained ‘ganja’, I got the impression that [the
appellant] has told me about the ‘ganja’_. I am now saying its “kanjappaya”
when [the appellant] told me this word in the car and not ‘ganja’. I was
confused when I was arrested.

[emphasis added]

The appellant’s statements

23 A cautioned statement was recorded from the appellant under s 122(6) of the
Criminal Procedure Code (Cap 68, 1985 Rev Ed) on 18 July 2006. The statement
read:

Rajoo [_ie_ , Sundar] rang me at around two something to three and told me to
come to Sivan Temple at Sungei Kadut Road to meet him at 3.30 pm. At about
3.30 pm, I went to the temple and no one was around. The gate was closed. He
called me again and told me to go to a food centre nearby and asked me to wait
there. I parked my car near the food centre and went inside the food centre. I
viewed the food stalls and then went to the toilet. I was in the toilet for
about 7 minutes and then I came out. Ah Bang, who was a truck driver I knew
previously, came into the toilet and confronted me. _Ah Bang asked me whether
the book had arrived. I did not know what is the book he referred but whenever
Rajoo brought in something, they would refer to as book. I told Ah Bang the
book had not arrived_. He then gave me $4000 and asked me to pass to Rajoo. I
called Rajoo later and I went to a coffeeshop later at Choa Chu Kang. Rajoo
rang me up on my phone and asked me to meet at the temple. At 5 something, I
arrived at the temple. The gate was opened and I parked my car inside. Rajoo
arrived then. He was carrying a [sports] bag [_ie_ , the sports bag defined at
[2] above]. Rajoo asked me to open up the boot but I had other things in the
boot, so he opened up the rear passenger door to put the [sports] bag on the
seat.

Rajoo came and sat in the car. He told me to drive off. While driving along
Bukit Timah Road towards city, suddenly Rajoo asked me to stop the car. He
dropped off and told me either Ah Bang or himself would call me later. I then
drove off. Police arrested me later in the car. _They asked me what was in the
[sports] bag and I told them I don’t know_. I did not commit the offence. I
helped them because I am obligated to them. They used me because I am a soft
man. I will fully cooperate and tell all the truth.

[emphasis added]

24 On 20 July 2006, another investigation statement was recorded from the
appellant. We set out below those portions that recount what happened after
the appellant and Sundar left the SAS Temple on 13 July 2006 at about 5.20pm:

40 While ‘Rajoo’ [_ie_ , Sundar] was putting the [sports] bag down, I boarded
my car as well. I then told ‘Rajoo’ to come into the front passenger seat so
that I could pass him the S$4000. As I did not want to stay in the temple
compound, I started the car and drove off. I was going in the direction
towards my workplace in Jurong. While driving, I took out the money from my
right pants pocket and gave to ‘Rajoo’. I could not remember if he counted the
money then, but I told him that it was workman’s money. ‘Rajoo’ then asked me
where I was going and I told him that I was going to my workplace. Suddenly he
told me to stop the car, which was just before the bus stop, along Bukit Timah
Road, in the direction towards the city. ‘Rajoo’ then alighted from the car.

41 I drove off and headed for Jurong with the intention to go to my workplace
then. Afterwhich I would wait for ‘Abang’ to call me and arrange for a meeting
place to pick up the [sports] bag. _During this entire time, I did not touch
the [sports] bag at all. I did not notice whether the [sports] bag was locked
but I had no intention to see the content inside. I did not want to check the
[sports] bag as I thought it was better not for me to see. I suspected that
something was not right, and the [sports] bag might contain something illegal.
I had this suspicion because if the content was legal, they would not need to
be so discreet. Only then I realized that they were using me_.

42 While traveling, I could not remember the exact time then, I came to a stop
at a traffic light along Pioneer Road, at the Esso Refinery and Petrol Kiosk.
3 cars then came by. 1 car stopping in front of my car, 1 behind my car and 1
at the passenger’s side. I saw several men in plain clothes coming out of the
car. They smashed my windscreen and the side windows. They brought me out of
the car and made me sit on the road. Afterwhich, they then handcuffed me. I
did not struggle during the arrest.

43 I realized then that the men in plain clothes should be police officers.
They then escorted me to a trailer carpark nearby. Shortly, another team of 4
officers took over me from the officers who arrested me. After about 15
minutes, everyone left the carpark expect [_sic_] the 4 new officers. 2 of the
officers then spoke to me. One of them acted as the Tamil interpreter and the
other recorded a statement from me.

44 The statement given by me at the carpark on 13/07/06 at 6.20pm was read
over to me in Tamil. I confirmed that it was mine, true and correct. In the
statement, I told the officers that ‘Rajoo’ would take the [sports] bag later.
I wished to clarify that the [sports] bag was actually meant for ‘Abang’. I
had mentioned ‘Rajoo’ instead because I was in a confused state then, from all
the earlier commotion.

45 _When I was asked what was in the [sports] bag, I had replied that it was
‘grass’ because I had overheard officers mentioning the term ‘glass’ or
‘grass’ earlier_. I did not know the context in which the term was used
because I did not hear the entire conversation. _I only heard the word ‘glass’
or ‘grass’. I had answered the officers that it was ‘grass’ in the [sports]
bag because I overheard the term earlier and I just replied as such_.

[emphasis added]

The appellant’s defence

25 The appellant’s defence is summarised at [40]–[44] of the GD as follows:

40 The [appellant] did not know what was in the [sports] bag and thought that
it may be some industrial articles or a book. He also thought that Sundar was
going with him to deliver the [sports] bag. He gave the money he received from
Abang to Sundar, and told him that it was money for workers, and then they
drove out of the temple compound. When they were at Bukit Timah Road, Sundar
suddenly asked him to stop at a bus stop. When he stopped there, Sundar got
off, leaving the [sports] bag in the car. He asked Sundar about it, and Sundar
told him that he or Abang will be calling him.

41 At that time, the [appellant] realised that there was a car in front and
another car at the rear of his car, and he was suspicious about these cars. He
drove off and kept observation on them. He drove for about 20 minutes with the
cars trailing him. When he stopped at a traffic light junction along Pioneer
Road, the other cars blocked his car and persons (the CNB officers) went to
his car and arrested him.

42 After he was arrested, he was taken to a trailer park nearby, and was made
to sit on the side of the road. He said that at the trailer park, he heard
some CNB officers mention “grass” and “glass” in relation to the contents of
the [sports] bag and he knew that “grass” referred to _ganja_.

43 The prosecutor cross-examined the [appellant] at some length. The
[appellant] confirmed that he had asked Sundar to buy him a meal, and had
called Sundar a _kanjan_ or _kanjappaya_ (a miser) when Sundar declined. He
had said that as a joke, and they would both laugh over it.

44 The prosecutor also questioned him on the statement he made at the trailer
park. The [appellant] clarified that he heard the officers talking, “they were
talking among themselves, and I overheard the word ‘grass’”, and when his
statement was recorded, he was asked in Tamil what the content of the [sports]
bag was and he replied that it was “grass”.

The Judge’s findings

26 The Judge began his evaluation of the evidence by focusing on the critical
issue as to whether the appellant had actual knowledge that the sports bag
contained cannabis and cannabis mixture. After considering the appellant’s
statements, Sundar’s statements and their respective testimonies, the Judge
made the following findings of fact:

(a) “… I find as a fact that the [appellant] had answered ‘grass’ in English
(which he knew to refer to _ganja_ [_ie_ , cannabis]) and that he had not said
‘glass’” (at [59] of the GD);

(b) “… that the [appellant] had [not] said _kanja payal_ to [Sundar] rather
than _ganja_ , and I impeached [Sundar’s] credit …” (at [61] of the GD);

(c) “… that Sundar had said that the [appellant] had told him that the
[sports] bag contained _ganja_ , and that he was not mistaken or deliberately
lying when he made the statement. Consequently, I find that Sundar’s statement
that the [appellant] told him the [sports] bag contained _ganja_ is
admissible, and is truthful …” (at [64] of the GD); and

(d) that “[t]he [appellant] was in possession of the [sports] bag containing
the cannabis and the cannabis mixture. The prosecution had proved that after
his arrest, he acknowledged that the [sports] bag contained _ganja_ , and that
he had also told Sundar that the [sports] bag contained _ganja_ , a term which
covers cannabis and cannabis mixture” (at [65] of the GD).

27 The Judge also made an alternative finding against the appellant. He found
on the evidence that the appellant was wilfully blind as to what was contained
in the sports bag. The Judge referred to the decision of the Court of Appeal
in _Tan Kiam Peng v Public Prosecutor_ [2008] 1 SLR(R) 1 (“ _Tan Kiam Peng_
”). The Judge was a member of the panel of the Court of Appeal in that case.
In making that finding, he rejected the appellant’s evidence that he (the
appellant) had not had any opportunity to see what was in the sports bag (see
the GD at [68]–[69] (reproduced at [40] below)).

28 On the basis of these findings of fact, the Judge held (at [70]–[71] of the
GD) as follows:

70 In view of the quantities of cannabis and cannabis mixture in the [sports]
bag (which were not disputed), a presumption arose under s 17 of the [MDA]
that the [appellant] had those drugs for the purpose of trafficking, as
“traffic” being defined in s 2 to be:

(a) to sell, give, administer, transport, send, deliver or distribute; or

(b) to offer to do anything mentioned in paragraph (a),

and the [appellant] has not rebutted the presumption that the drugs were in
his possession for the purpose of trafficking as his case is that he was
keeping the [sports] bag for Sundar or Abang, ie, that he intended to send or
deliver the [sports] bag to either of them. With those elements established,
the [appellant] had trafficked in the drugs under s 5(2) of the [MDA]:

a person commits the offence of trafficking in a controlled drug if he has in
his possession that drug for the purpose of trafficking.

71 Consequently, I find the [appellant] guilty and convict him on the two
charges that he faces, and I impose the death sentence on him for each charge.

The appellant’s grounds of appeal

29 The appellant’s grounds of appeal were that the Judge erred as follows:

(a) in believing that Sundar was telling the truth when he claimed that the
appellant had told him that the sports bag contained _ganja_ (_ie_ ,
cannabis);

(b) in finding that the appellant knew that the sports bag contained _ganja_ ,
when the question as to his knowledge of the contents of that bag was never
put to him by the Prosecution;

(c) in finding that the appellant was wilfully blind as to what was in the
sports bag; and

(d) in relying on the presumption in s 17 of the MDA (“the s 17 presumption”)
against the appellant.

30 With respect to ground (a), the appellant’s counsel contended that Sundar’s
statement was a classic case of accomplice evidence where the accomplice
sought to deflect blame from himself to another so as to establish his (the
accomplice’s) own innocence. Sundar, so counsel submitted, wanted the CNB
officers to believe that he did not know that the sports bag contained
cannabis, and that it was the appellant who had told him of the bag’s contents
when he was in the appellant’s car. Counsel contended that the Judge did not
consider Sundar’s statement in its entirety, and that if he had done so, he
would have found Sundar’s motivation to be clear.

31 Counsel further contended that other evidence also militated against a
reasonable finding that part of Sundar’s statement (_ie_ , that portion
relating to what the appellant allegedly told Sundar about the sports bag
containing _ganja_) was true. Sundar’s oral testimony supported the
appellant’s evidence that he (the appellant) had no knowledge of what was in
the sports bag. Sundar did not implicate the appellant until he made his sixth
statement on 17 July 2006, _ie_ , until after four days of investigation
following his arrest (and also the appellant’s) on 13 July 2006. For this
reason, counsel contended, Sundar’s statement was an afterthought. In his s
122(6) statement, Sundar also did not mention that his knowledge that the
sports bag contained cannabis came from the appellant. This was an important
statement – Sundar could have exonerated himself if he established that his
knowledge of the contents of the sports bag came from the appellant.

32 With respect to ground (b), the appellant’s counsel contended that the
Prosecution never put it to the appellant that he had not derived his
knowledge of what could be in the sports bag from the CNB officers at the
scene of the arrest, and that when the appellant was first asked what was in
the sports bag, he had said that he was not sure. Counsel also contended that
the Prosecution made no attempt to verify whether the CNB officers at the
scene had indeed said that “grass” was inside the sports bag. In the event,
the identities of these officers (if any) could not be identified.

33 With respect to ground (c), the appellant’s counsel contended that the
Judge had relied on para 41 of the appellant’s 20 July 2006 statement
(reproduced at [24] above) to find that the appellant was wilfully blind as to
what was in the sports bag, and had rejected the appellant’s evidence that he
did not have any opportunity to inspect the sports bag on the ground that he
had not mentioned that fact (_ie_ , the lack of opportunity to inspect the
bag) in any of his statements to the CNB officers. Counsel argued that the
Judge was wrong to reject the appellant’s statement that he had no opportunity
to check what was in the sports bag as no consideration had been given to the
“mindset” of the appellant.

34 With respect to ground (d), it was contended that the Judge was wrong to
have relied on the s 17 presumption as he had failed to consider every aspect
of the defence with respect to the appellant’s lack of knowledge of what was
in the sports bag, including, once again, the appellant’s mindset in relation
to the finding that he was wilfully blind.

35 As to the appellant’s mindset in relation to the material facts, counsel
contended that:

(a) as soon as Sundar entered the appellant’s car with the sports bag and
placed it at the back, Sundar was in charge of it, _ie_ , it was Sundar, and
not the appellant, who was in possession of the sports bag;

(b) there was no allusion to a pre-arranged transaction of a sinister nature
involving the appellant when Sundar, upon alighting from the car, responded to
the appellant’s query on what to do with the sports bag by saying that he
(Sundar) or Abang would pick it up later; and

(c) the appellant’s mental state after Sundar suddenly alighted was one of
panic and suspicion, and given the circumstances after Sundar had alighted and
considering that the appellant was then in the midst of driving the car, it
could not be argued that the appellant had a reasonable opportunity to inspect
the sports bag or make any inquiries as to its contents.

36 Counsel also argued that except for Sundar’s statement that incriminated
the appellant, there was no evidence to hint or suggest that the delivery
undertaken by the appellant had anything to do with anything illegal, let
alone drugs generally or cannabis specifically. Counsel referred to the
factual background that led to Sundar getting into the appellant’s car and
putting a sports bag (_ie_ , the sports bag) containing cannabis on the back
seat, _ie_ : the appellant’s previous dealings with Anand and Kumar, Kumar’s
assurance that he did not intend the appellant to deliver anything illegal,
the fact that the first delivery made by the appellant was of industrial
safety boots, the appellant’s meeting with Abang at the restroom of the
Hawkerway Food Court on 13 July 2006, Abang’s giving the appellant $4,000 to
give to Sundar for workmen’s pay, _etc_ (see [4]–[11] above). Counsel’s
contention was that the Judge did not give these facts any consideration or
thought for the purposes of understanding the appellant’s mindset in
determining the issues of knowledge and in applying the s 17 presumption.

The Prosecution’s response to the appellant’s case

37 The Prosecution’s response to the appellant’s arguments may be summarised
as follows:

(a) As the Judge’s decision was based on findings of fact, it was trite that
an appellate court would not disturb such findings unless they were plainly
wrong or clearly arrived at against the weight of the evidence, or unless
there was a misdirection as to the law (citing _Public Prosecutor v Victor
Rajoo_ [1995] 3 SLR(R) 189, _Public Prosecutor v Mohammed Liton Mohammed Syeed
Mallik_ [2008] 1 SLR(R) 601 and _Tan Kiam Peng_).

(b) The appellant had physical control, and, therefore, physical possession of
the sports bag when Sundar alighted from the appellant’s car: the appellant
was transporting the sports bag back to his workplace to wait for Sundar or
Abang to collect it.

(c) The appellant had actual knowledge of what was in the sports bag as he had
admitted in his statement made at the trailer park shortly after his arrest
that the sports bag contained “grass”. His explanation that he had no
knowledge of the contents of that bag (and that he had said “grass” when asked
about the sports bag’s contents merely because he had earlier heard the CNB
officers say that the bag contained “grass”) was rejected by the Judge: if the
appellant had not known what was in the sports bag, he should have maintained
his earlier answer to the CNB officers that he was unsure what was in the
sports bag (see [15] above). Further, when asked what was in the sports bag,
the appellant had not replied that it contained “books” or “safety shoes” or
“industrial things”, although those were the kinds of things that he was
expected to transport for Kumar on 13 July 2006.

(d) The Prosecution had put to the appellant the proposition that he knew for
a fact that the sports bag contained cannabis, which was why he replied
“grass” when asked what the bag contained (which proposition the appellant
denied).

(e) The appellant led the CNB officers on a prolonged car chase with a view to
avoiding arrest. His explanation that he had thought he was being followed by
“gangsters or thugs” in broad daylight on busy public roads was an affront to
common sense as he could have called the police on his handphone for
assistance if that had indeed been the case.

(f) Sundar implicated the appellant as to the latter’s knowledge of what was
in the sports bag four days after his arrest. In contrast, he resiled from
that statement implicating the appellant (by recalling that the appellant had
said “ _kanjapayya_ ” and not “ _ganja_ ”) more than a year after his arrest,
and only after he had been charged with and convicted of a non-capital drug
offence in connection with his role in the material events. Accordingly, the
Judge was entitled to rely on Sundar’s first statement, rather than on his
testimony in court, to find that the appellant had informed Sundar that the
sports bag contained _ganja_.

(g) The Judge was correct in finding that the appellant was wilfully blind
about the sports bag containing cannabis on the basis of the appellant’s own
statements in para 41 of his 20 July 2006 statement, where he said that he had
“no intention to see the content inside”, that he “did not want to check the
[sports] bag as [he] thought it was better not for [him] to see” and that
“[he] suspected that something was not right, and the [sports] bag might
contain something illegal”. What was admitted in this passage constituted
wilful blindness as laid down by this court in _Tan Kiam Peng_.

(h) Furthermore, the factual matrix showed that the appellant had such a level
of suspicion about what was in the sports bag that he should have inquired
about or inspected its contents. The appellant’s previous interactions with
Kumar and Anand, the surreptitious manner of the receipt and delivery of the
items alleged to be “industrial boots” or “books” on the first and second
occasions, the appellant’s acting on a call from an unidentified person to go
to the Hawkerway Food Court, the appellant’s failure to clarify with Abang
what he meant by “books” and the appellant’s agreeing to hand over $4,000 to
someone who would deliver a bag to him, taken together, all showed that
despite the presence of suspicious circumstances which should have prompted
the appellant to look into the sports bag to find out what was in it, he did
not do so.

Our decision

Actual knowledge

38 We dismissed this appeal because, having regard to the totality of the
evidence adduced at the trial, the Judge was entitled to find that the
appellant had actual knowledge that he was trafficking in cannabis and
cannabis mixture. In particular, the Judge accepted as voluntary and true the
appellant’s reply, “The ‘Grass’”, when the appellant was asked by a CNB
officer what was in the sports bag. The Judge rejected the appellant’s
explanation as to why he had answered “The ‘Grass’”, instead of maintaining
his previous reply that he was not sure what was in the sports bag. The fact
that the appellant had replied “The ‘Grass’” was not disputed by his counsel
_after taking instructions from him_ (see the GD at [54]). The appellant’s
defence was that he answered “The ‘Grass’” because he had heard the CNB
officers talking among themselves and saying that “grass” was inside the
sports bag.

39 The Judge, in evaluating the truth or otherwise of this piece of evidence,
also took into account the statement of Sundar made on 20 July 2006, which
implicated the appellant. Counsel for the appellant contended that that was a
self-serving statement made by Sundar to the CNB officers with a view to
exonerating himself from the offence of trafficking. In his testimony given
after he had been charged and convicted of a lesser offence, Sundar tried to
explain away this statement by saying that what the appellant had said was “
_kanjapayya_ ” and not “ _ganja_ ” in order to tease Sundar. This explanation
was also rejected by the Judge – in our view, rightly.

Wilful blindness

40 The Judge found the appellant guilty of the offences charged on the
alternative ground that he had the equivalent of actual knowledge that he was
transporting cannabis and cannabis mixture because he was wilfully blind to
that fact. In making this finding, the Judge referred to para 41 of the
appellant’s 20 July 2006 statement (reproduced at [24] above), where the
appellant explained why he had not wanted to look into the sports bag. The
Judge’s findings are set out at [66]–[69] of the GD as follows:

66 The prosecutor argued that independently of the [appellant’s] admission and
Sundar’s evidence, the [appellant] must be taken to have knowledge of the
contents of the [sports] bag because he had deliberately kept a blind eye to
that, and that was the effect of actual knowledge, as explained in _Tan Kiam
Peng v PP_ [2008] 1 SLR 1.

67 The prosecutor referred to para 41 of the [appellant’s] statement of 20
July 2006 where he stated:

I drove off and headed for Jurong with the intention to go to my workplace
then. Afterwhich I would wait for ‘Abang’ to call me and arrange for a meeting
place to pick up the [sports] bag. During this entire time, I did not touch
the [sports] bag at all. I did not notice whether the [sports] bag was locked
but I had no intention to see the content inside. I did not want to check the
[sports] bag as I thought it was better not for me to see. I suspected that
something was not right, and the [sports] bag might contain something illegal.
I had this suspicion because if the content was legal, they would not need to
be so discreet. Only then I realized that they were using me.

68 Although the [appellant] said in court that he had no opportunity to
inspect the [sports] bag as he was trying to flee from the suspected gangsters
and thugs in the cars which trailed him. I reject this explanation because he
had not mentioned [it] in that statement. In addition to that, a further
statement was recorded from him on 7 August 2006 after the statement of 20
July 2006 was read back and explained to him. In this later statement, he made
two clarifications to the statement of 20 July 2006, but he again did not
mention that he could not examine the [sports] bag because he was fleeing from
those persons.

69 I therefore find that even if the [appellant] did not have actual knowledge
of the contents of the [sports] bag, his wilful blindness has the same legal
effect as actual knowledge.

41 We accepted that the circumstances in which the appellant received and took
control and custody of the sports bag were highly suspicious. Besides the car
chase mentioned at [14] above (which we found did indeed happen, based on the
evidence of the CNB officers), there were all the other circumstances
mentioned above at sub-para (h) of [37] above. Further, there was another
cogent piece of evidence which the Judge did not mention, namely, that at no
time while Sundar was in his car did the appellant ask Sundar what was in the
sports bag that Sundar put on the back seat.

42 All these circumstances in totality would support a rational inference that
the appellant had actual knowledge that the sports bag contained cannabis.
This approach would be consistent with the following statement of the law laid
down by the Court of Appeal (per Wee Chong Jin CJ) in _Tan Ah Tee and another
v Public Prosecutor_ [1979–1980] SLR(R) 311 (“ _Tan Ah Tee_ ”) at [19] as
follows:

19 With regard to the question of possession of the contents of the plastic
bag it is submitted that the trial judges should have drawn the inference from
her evidence that _she did not in fact know_ what was contained inside the
plastic bag. In our opinion there was no plausible evidence before the trial
judges to require them to draw the inference that she was an innocent
custodian of the contents of the plastic bag. Indeed, _even if there were no
statutory presumptions available to the Prosecution_ , once the Prosecution
had proved the fact of physical control or possession of the plastic bag and
the circumstances in which this was acquired by and remained with the second
appellant, _the trial judges would be justified in finding that she had
possession of the contents of the plastic bag within the meaning of the Act_
[_ie_ , the then equivalent of the MDA] unless she gave an explanation of the
physical fact which the trial judges accepted or which raised a doubt in their
minds that she had possession of the contents within the meaning of the Act.
[emphasis added]

43 By “possession … within the meaning of the Act” in the above passage, the
court was referring to possession of a bag with knowledge of the contents of
that bag. At [23] of _Tan Ah Tee_ , the court quoted the speech of Lord Pearce
in _Warner v Metropolitan Police Commissioner_ [1969] 2 AC 256 (“ _Warner_ ”)
at 304–306. Lord Pearce continued at 307–308 of _Warner_ to say:

… There is a very strong inference of fact in any normal case that a man who
possesses a parcel also possesses its contents, an inference on which a jury
would in a normal case be justified in finding possession. A man who accepts
possession of a parcel normally accepts possession of the contents.

But that inference can be disproved or shaken by evidence that, although a man
was in possession of a parcel, he was completely mistaken as to its contents
and would not have accepted possession had he known what kind of thing the
contents were. ... [I]f, though unaware of the contents, he did not open them
at the first opportunity to ascertain (as he was entitled to do in his case)
what they were, the proper inference is that he was accepting possession of
them. (It would be otherwise if he had no right to open the parcel.) Again, if
he suspected that there was anything wrong about the contents when he received
the parcel, the proper inference is that he was accepting possession of the
contents by not immediately verifying them. …

44 In our view, the inference of actual knowledge raised by the strong
circumstantial evidence in this case – including, in particular, the
appellant’s failure to ask Sundar what was in the sports bag and to see what
was in the sports bag when he had many opportunities to do so – was consistent
with the appellant’s reply that the sports bag contained “grass” (at [38]
above). We agreed with the Judge’s finding (see [40] above) that the appellant
had the opportunity to see what was in the sports bag. The evidence showed
beyond any reasonable doubt that he had many opportunities to see what was in
the sports bag, if he had wanted to. The first occasion was at the SAS Temple
when Sundar brought the sports bag to the appellant’s car. Sundar asked the
appellant whether he should put the sports bag in the boot, whereupon the
appellant told him to leave it on the back seat (see para 39 of the
appellant’s 20 July 2006 statement (reproduced at [14] of the GD)). The
appellant could have inspected the sports bag before Sundar put it on the back
seat or before driving off. Another occasion arose when, according to him,
Sundar suddenly wanted to get out of his car, which caused him to be
suspicious of Sundar’s conduct. Instead of looking inside the sports bag at
this point, the appellant drove off to his destination by taking a circuitous
(and potentially risky) route. At any time during his car journey thereafter,
the appellant could have stopped the car to see what was in the sports bag
(since on his own account there was no car chase by the CNB officers). His
stated reason that he dared not stop because he thought he was being tailed by
gangsters or thugs obviously was not credible to the Judge, or to us.

Conclusion

45 For the reasons given above, we dismissed the appellant’s appeal as we were
satisfied with the Judge’s finding that the appellant had actual knowledge
that the sports bag contained cannabis and cannabis mixture.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 11 Apr 2011 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

