Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Vorobiev Nikolay _v_ Lush John Frederick Peters and others  
[2011] SGHC 55

Case Number| :| Suit No 720 of 2009 (Registrar's Appeal No. 19 of 2010/B)  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 11 March 2011  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Kan Ting Chiu J  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Manoj Sandrasegara, Tan Mei Yen, Sheryl Wei, Noraisah
Ruslan (Drew & Napier LLC) for the plaintiff; Koh Swee Yen, Sim Hui Shan (Wong
Partnership) for the defendants.  
Parties| :|  Vorobiev Nikolay — Lush John Frederick Peters and others  
  
11 March 2011| Judgment reserved.  
---|---  
  
Kan Ting Chiu J:

1 In this action, the plaintiff, Nikolay Vorobiev, had sued the defendants,
John Frederick Peters Lush (“Lush”), Francois Ostinelli (“Ostinelli”) and
Alexander Novoselov (“Novoselov”) for fraudulent/negligent misrepresentation
and conspiracy. The immediate issue at hand is whether this action should be
stayed on the ground that Singapore is not the appropriate forum because
Switzerland is the more appropriate forum. An assistant registrar had made a
stay order, and the plaintiff had appealed against the order.

Background of the action

2 Petroval SA (“PSA”), a company incorporated under the laws of Switzerland,
was part of the Yukos Group, and had been described as being solely owned by
Yukos International UK B.V. PSA had a representative office in Singapore which
managed and marketed PSA’s oil products in the Far East. In 2004, the
representative office was upgraded into Petroval Pte Ltd (“Petroval
Singapore”), a company incorporated in Singapore. The plaintiff, a permanent
resident of Singapore was appointed to be its first director with more
directors appointed subsequently.

3 The first defendant, Lush, was formerly the General Manager of PSA and is a
director of Petroval Singapore since 19 September 2005. The second defendant,
Ostinelli, was formerly the Chief Financial Officer of PSA and is a director
of Petroval Singapore since 19 September 2005. The third defendant, Novoselov,
was formerly an employee of PSA and later a director of Petroval Singapore
from 19 September 2005 to 17 October 2008\. One Artem Zakharov (“Zakharov”)
was a former employee of PSA. Zakharov had died in July 2008.

4 The plaintiff’s case was that, in February 2006, Zakharov informed him that
the majority shareholder of Petroval Singapore might be selling its stake in
Petroval Singapore, and that the plaintiff _might be offered_ a stake in
Petroval Singapore. In March 2008, _an offer was made_ to the plaintiff in
Geneva by the defendants to buy a stake in Petroval Singapore[note: 1]. The
plaintiff accepted the offer and acquired a 20% shareholding in Petroval
Singapore by acquiring a 20% stake in Stainby Overseas Ltd (“Stainby”) which
held all the shares of Petroval Singapore. For the 20% shareholding of Stainby
(and through that a 20% shareholding of Petroval Singapore), the plaintiff
paid US$3,810,000 and received through his nominees 20% of the shares of
Stainby.

5 Subsequent to the purchase of the 20% interest in Petroval Singapore through
Stainby, the plaintiff made two loans to Petroval Singapore. In May/June 2006,
the defendants, the plaintiff and Zakharov agreed to make a loan of US$10m to
Petroval Singapore, and the plaintiff paid his 20% share of the US$10m loan,
amounting to US$2m (“the first loan”).

6 In September 2006, the defendants, the plaintiff and Zakharov agreed to make
a further loan of US$5m to Petroval Singapore, and the plaintiff paid his 20%
share of the further loan amounting to US$1m (“the second loan”). These two
loans extended by the plaintiff have not been repaid.

7 The plaintiff sued the defendants in connection with the US$3,810,000
payment for the Petroval Singapore shares and the US$3m he lent to Petroval
Singapore. The plaintiff’s action is founded on fraudulent/negligent
misrepresentation and conspiracy. The claim in misrepresentation was that the
defendants had misrepresented that they had the authority of the beneficial
owners of the Petroval Singapore shares to deal with the shares, and that they
were authorised by the beneficial owners of the Petroval Singapore shares to
offer 20% of the shares to the plaintiff for US$3,810,000. The plaintiff’s
case was that the defendants had made these representations with the intention
that he would act on them, and that he did rely on and act on them[note: 2].

8 The conspiracy claim was based on the same facts as the claim on
misrepresentation, _ie_ , that they had, wrongly and dishonestly and with the
intent to injure the plaintiff, conspired and agreed to make the
representations to induce the plaintiff to make payments of the US$3,810,000
and US$3m.

9 The plaintiff claimed that he had subsequently found out that the
representations were false. In June 2006, the defendants informed him that PSA
had claimed that the defendants were holding the PSA shares on trust for PSA,
and that PSA had accused the defendants of having acted in breach of trust by
dealing with them.

10 In December 2007, PSA commenced proceedings in the British Virgin Islands
(“the BVI proceedings”) against the defendants, Stainby and others over the
Petroval Singapore shares. These proceedings have been stayed on the ground of
_forum non conveniens_. In February 2008, PSA commenced proceedings in
Singapore in Suit No 103 of 2008 (“the Singapore Proceedings”) against the
defendants and others in respect of the same shares. In the Singapore
Proceedings, PSA asserted that Lush and Ostinelli had executed Letters of
Confirmation acknowledging that they held the first two subscriber shares in
Petroval Singapore on trust for PSA[note: 3]. However, PSA and the defendants
came to a settlement and the action against the defendants was discontinued,
but the terms of the settlement were not disclosed. The plaintiff was not a
party in the Singapore Proceedings.

The law on _forum non conveniens_

11 The law on _forum non conveniens_ is set out in _Spiliada Maritime
Corporation v Cansulex Ltd_ [1987] AC 460 (“ _Spiliada_ ”). The law, commonly
referred to as the _Spiliada_ principles, has been discussed in a host of
local decisions, and it is sufficient to refer to the Court of Appeal’s
decision in _CIMB Bank Bhd v Dresdner Kleinwort Ltd_ [2008] 4 SLR(R) 543 where
it explained at [26]:

The gist of these principles is that, under the doctrine of _forum non
conveniens_ , a stay will only be granted where the court is satisfied that
there is some other available and more appropriate forum for the trial of the
action. The burden of establishing this rests on the defendant and it is not
enough just to show that Singapore is not the natural or appropriate forum.
The defendant must also establish that there is another available forum which
is clearly or distinctly more appropriate than Singapore. The natural forum is
one with which the action has the most real and substantial connection. In
this regard, the factors which the court will take into consideration include
not only factors affecting convenience or expense (such as the availability of
witnesses) but also other factors such as the law governing the transaction
and the places where the parties respectively reside or carry on business. If
the court concludes, at this stage of the inquiry (“stage one of the
_Spiliada_ test”), that there is no other available forum which is clearly
more appropriate for the trial of the action, it will ordinarily refuse a
stay. If, at this stage, it concludes that there is some other available forum
which _prima facie_ is clearly more appropriate for the trial of the action,
it will ordinarily grant a stay, unless there are circumstances by reason of
which justice requires that a stay should nevertheless be refused. In this
connection, the court will consider all the circumstances of the case. For
this second stage inquiry (“stage two of the _Spiliada_ test”), the legal
burden is on the plaintiff to establish the existence of those special
circumstances.

The first defendant’s application and the connecting factors

12 The first defendant applied for the plaintiff’s action to be stayed on the
ground of _forum non conveniens_ in that Switzerland is a more appropriate
forum than Singapore. The first defendant submitted that there was a multitude
of factors that connected the dispute to Switzerland.

Connecting factors to Switzerland identified by the first defendant

_Domicile_

All the defendants are domiciled in Switzerland.

_Place of business_

Petroval Singapore carried on a larger part of its day-to-day business in
Switzerland.

_Location of witnesses_

The potential witnesses are either located in Switzerland, Europe, or the
United States of America.

_Compellability of witnesses_

Foreign witnesses cannot be compelled to give evidence in Singapore.

_Documents_

The documents in the defendants’ possession are primarily in Switzerland.

_Costs and expenses_

As most of the witnesses and documents are located in Switzerland, proceedings
in Switzerland would be more cost effective than proceedings in Singapore.

_Enforceability of judgment_

The defendants being domiciled in Switzerland have assets in Switzerland to
meet any judgment which the plaintiff may obtain.

_Place of alleged wrong/choice of law_

Almost all the events and acts giving rise to the plaintiff’s claims took
place in Switzerland. If the alleged torts had taken place substantially in
Switzerland, Swiss law governs the claims.

_Place of damage_

The loans were transferred to bank accounts of Petroval Singapore in Geneva.

_Jurisdiction in which the wrongdoing occurred/choice of law_

The fraudulent/negligent misrepresentations and conspiracy primarily took
place in Geneva.

_Effect of foreign proceedings_

Criminal proceedings were instituted in Switzerland against Lush, Ostinelli,
Novoselov and Zakharov for breach of trust and dishonest management in respect
of PSA, which concluded with the finding that no criminal charges were to be
preferred against them.

The plaintiff’s objection to the application

13 The plaintiff opposed the application and contended that Singapore is the
natural and proper forum as there are stronger factors which connect the
action to Singapore.

Connecting factors to Singapore identified by the plaintiff

_Location of documents in Singapore_

Three classes of documents in Singapore which can be significant in the
determination whether the defendants held the Petroval Singapore shares in
trust for PSA: firstly, the corporate secretariat documents in the possession
of Petroval Singapore’s corporate secretaries, DrewCorp Services Pte Ltd
(“DrewCorp”), secondly, documents and correspondence in the possession of
Petroval Singapore, and thirdly, the pleadings and affidavits in the Singapore
Proceedings.

_The Singapore Proceedings_

The defendants in the present action are also the defendants in the Singapore
Proceedings, and the central issue in both proceedings is whether the shares
of Petroval Singapore are held on trust for PSA. If the present action is
transferred to Switzerland, there is a risk of inconsistent decisions on the
trust issue in Singapore and in Switzerland. (This factor should probably come
within stage two rather than stage one of the _Spiliada_ test, but in either
case, its significance is limited because the Singapore Proceedings were
discontinued.)

_Singapore law governs the Plaintiff’s claims_

The applicable law to determine the law of tort is _lex fori_. The tort of
fraudulent misrepresentation and negligent misrepresentation is committed when
the representation is relied on. As the majority of the representations were
received and relied on in Singapore, it would follow that the conspiracy by
unlawful means took place in Singapore.

Review of the connecting factors

14 The connecting factors relied on by the opposing parties have to be
evaluated. The review should not be a counting exercise. While a factor may
connect to one jurisdiction or the other, the nature of a factor and its
effect on the full and fair determination and disposal of the dispute carry
greater weight than the sum of the factors.

15 Of the factors identified by the first defendant, the compellability of
witnesses could be a strong factor if the intended witnesses would not attend
court without compulsion, and if Swiss law is the law governing the alleged
wrongdoings, that is also a strong connecting factor. The domicile of the
defendants and the place of Petroval Singapore’s day-to-day business are less
important because the issues do not involve the personal law or the law of
domicile of the defendants, and have nothing to do with the day-to-day
business of Petroval Singapore. Similarly, the Swiss criminal hearing is not a
material consideration because they had concluded with no finding of
wrongdoings. The other factors were likewise insubstantial.

16 Turning to the plaintiff’s Singapore-connecting factors, if the law
governing the alleged wrongdoings is Singapore law, that is a strong
connecting factor. The location of the documents in Singapore can be a
significant factor if the documents will shed light on the beneficial
ownership of the Petroval Singapore shares the plaintiff purchased. However,
it is pertinent to note that in the Singapore Proceedings, PSA had asserted
that Lush and Ostinelli had executed Letters of Confirmation only in relation
to the first subscriber shares, but not the other Petroval Singapore shares.

17 Both parties recognised that the law governing the wrongdoings is a major
factor in deciding whether Switzerland or Singapore is the more appropriate
forum, but they disagreed over which is the governing law. The first defendant
contended that it is the law of Switzerland, and the plaintiff submitted that
it is Singapore law. The underlying facts are not in dispute. The plaintiff
had alleged that, in February 2006, Zakharov informed him that the majority
shareholder of Petroval Singapore might offer to sell to him a stake in those
shares and that, in March 2008, the offer was made to him in Geneva and he
accepted the offer.[note: 4] The plaintiff did not identify the place where
the information was given in February 2006\. As he was contending that
Singapore is the appropriate forum for the action, he would have stated that
the information given in February 2006 was given in Singapore if that was the
case. As matters stand, the only known location is Geneva, where the offer was
made and accepted.

18 The plaintiff submitted that “(t)he courts have accepted that the tort of
fraudulent misrepresentation and negligent misrepresentation is committed when
the representation is communicated to the plaintiff and when the
representation is relied on”[note: 5], citing _inter alia_ , _Diamond v Bank
of London and Montreal Ltd_ [1979] 2 WLR 228 (“ _Diamond_ ”).

19 In _Diamond_ the English Court of Appeal had to decide on the jurisdiction
which governed the tort of fraudulent misrepresentation on an aborted sale of
sugar negotiated between a London commodity broker acting for the buyer and
American brokers acting for the sellers. Lord Denning MR held at p 234:

... In the case of fraudulent misrepresentation it seems to me that the tort
is committed at the place where the representation is received and acted upon;
and not the place from which it was sent. Logically, it seems to me, the same
applies to a negligent misrepresentation by telephone or by telex. _It is
committed where it is received and acted upon_.

[emphasis added]

and Stephenson LJ held at pp 236-7 that:

The choice between the plaintiff and the defendants in this case depends on
the nature of the tort of deceit or fraudulent misrepresentation and the
correct analysis of the different stages by which the tort is complete and the
cause of action is founded upon it. It begins with the statement issuing from
the defendant by word of mouth or through recording by telex or in writing.
That statement is then received, believed and acted upon by the plaintiff to
his resulting damage and loss. All these different stages may be divided from
each other in time and space. If A speaks his representation to B in the same
room, there is no appreciable change of time or space until B comes, perhaps
later, to act upon the representation. If A writes his representation to B on
the other side of the world, the appreciable changes begin at the beginning,
and what begins on one date and in one place takes effect at a later date and
in another place. But it is settled law that A’s misrepresentation, however
fraudulent and morally wrong, does not become tortuous until B not merely
receives it but acts upon it: ... Although A’s part of the tort is committed
when and where he speaks or telexes or writes the misrepresentation, B’s part
is needed to complete the tort by acting upon the representation, and _the
tort is committed, in my judgment, when and where he does so act_.

[emphasis added]

20 On that basis, the tort of misrepresentation took place when the plaintiff
relied on the representations and accepted the offer in Geneva, and the
applicable law is Swiss law.

21 The conspiracy allegation is essentially the misrepresentation allegation
from the perspective that the defendants had agreed to make those
misrepresentations.[note: 6] When it comes to the conspiracy allegation, the
law is laid out in Halsbury’s Laws of Singapore, Vol 18 (LexisNexis, 2009
Reissue) at para 240.688:

In order to make out a case of conspiracy the plaintiff must establish (1) an
agreement between two or more persons, (2) an agreement for the purpose of
injuring the plaintiff, and (3) that acts done in execution of that agreement
resulted in damage to the plaintiff.

22 There is no information on where the conspiracy was hatched and no
suggestion that the defendants were present together in Singapore before or
when the offer was made. As the defendants are domiciled in Switzerland, if
they had agreed to make the false representations to the plaintiff to induce
him to buy the Petroval Singapore shares, it was most likely that they did
that in Switzerland. In any event the plaintiff had not alleged that the
agreement was made in Singapore.

23 After the place of the alleged torts of misrepresentation and conspiracy is
established to be Switzerland, the law governing the torts has to be
determined. As the plaintiff had pointed out in its submissions _[note: 7]_ ,
the law applicable to determine the law of the tort is the _lex fori, ie_ ,
the law applicable will be determined by the law of Singapore. By the law of
Singapore, in deciding the law applicable for a tort, the “substance of the
tort” test is used. It was explained by Belinda Ang Saw Ean J in _Wing Hak Man
and another v Bio-Treat Technology Ltd and others_ [2009] 1 SLR(R) 446 at [26]
that:

... The test requires the court, in deciding where the alleged conspiracy took
place, to “look back over the series of events” constituting the elements of
the tort and ask where in substance did the cause of action arise.

As I have found that the misrepresentation and conspiracy took place in
Switzerland, the applicable law for both causes of action is the law of
Switzerland.

24 The accepted thinking is that all things being equal, it is preferable that
a dispute be determined by a court applying its own law rather than a court
applying a foreign law because a court would be more familiar with the former
than the latter. The Court of Appeal has ruled in _Rickshaw Investments Ltd
and another v Nicolai Baron von Uexkull_ [2007] 1 SLR(R) 377 at [43] and in
_JIO Minerals FZC and others v Mineral Enterprises Ltd_ [2011] 1 SLR 391 (“
_JIO Minerals_ ”) at [96] that the mere fact of the application of a foreign
governing law may be accorded due weight in the absence of evidence of the
content of the foreign law.

25 It is also settled law that the place of the tort is _prima facie_ the
natural forum – see _JIO Minerals_ at [106]. On this basis, Switzerland would
be regarded as the natural forum in the normal case, and there was nothing to
displace the rule.

26 In view of these findings, Switzerland is a more appropriate forum for the
determination of the dispute than Singapore. The applicant has fulfilled the
_Spiliada_ stage one requirement.

27 That leads to stage two of the test – whether justice requires that a stay
should nevertheless be refused. The plaintiff argued that there is a risk of
substantial injustice if the proceedings were stayed in favour of Switzerland.
The plaintiff made three points in support[note: 8]:

(a)

Risk of inconsistent decisions on the same trust issue in the event that the
Singapore Proceedings continue;

(b)

The plaintiff is unable to have documents in the possession of PSA and
Petroval Singapore admitted in evidence; and

(c)

The plaintiff should be allowed access to the pleadings and affidavits filed
in the Singapore Proceedings, and if the plaintiff’s action is stayed, he may
not be able to have access to those papers.

28 On ground (a), PSA had filed Notices of Discontinuance of its claims
against Lush, Ostinelli and Novoselov. Furthermore, no step has been taken by
any party in the proceedings for more than a year, and the whole action is
deemed to be discontinued under O 22 r 2(6) of the Rules of Court (Cap 322,
R5, 2006 Rev Ed). In the circumstances, there will be no decision, and no
likelihood of inconsistent decisions.

29 Grounds (b) and (c) arise out of the same concern. They are that if the
plaintiff has to commence proceedings in Switzerland, he would not be able to
compel witnesses from DrewCorp and Petroval Singapore to produce documents in
connection with the trust issue and produce cause papers of the Singapore
Proceedings in their possession in Switzerland. The plaintiff made these
submissions in general terms, without identifying any documents known or
believed to be in the possession of DrewCorp and Petroval Singapore which are
relevant to the issue.

30 In respect to the cause papers of the Singapore Proceedings, the
plaintiff’s submissions proceeded on the basis that he will not have access to
the cause papers in the Singapore Proceedings if he were to bring his action
in Switzerland. That may not be the case because all three defendants in the
present proceedings were defendants in the Singapore Proceedings, and they
would have the cause papers in their possession. That being the case, the
plaintiff may be able to compel them to produce the cause papers; that would
be possible under our Rules of Court, and the plaintiff has not stated that he
will not be able to do that in Switzerland.

31 The examination did not support the submission that substantial injustice
would result if the matter is heard in Switzerland, and the stay application
is not defeated by the second _Spiliada_ test.

32 In the circumstances, the plaintiff’s appeal is dismissed with costs.

* * *

[note: 1]Statement of Claim, paras 34 and 35

[note: 2]Statement of Claim, paras 53–59

[note: 3]Statement of Claim in Suit No.103 of 2008, para 5.4.2

[note: 4]See [4]  _supra_

[note: 5]Plaintiff’s/Appellant’s Written Submissions, page 47 para 78

[note: 6]See [7] and [8]  _supra_

[note: 7]Appellant’s Written Submissions, para 93

[note: 8]Plaintiff’s/Appellant’s Written Submissions, para 143

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 11 Mar 2011 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

