Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Lee Chee Wei _v_ Tan Hor Peow Victor  
[2011] SGHC 175

Case Number| :| Bankruptcy No 36 of 2011 (Registrar's Appeal No 168 of 2011)  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 22 July 2011  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Choo Han Teck J  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Chia Tze Yung Justin and Jasmin Kaur Saini (Harry Elias
Partnership LLP) for the plaintiff; Ng Lip Chih (NLC Law Asia LLP) for the
defendant.  
Parties| :|  Lee Chee Wei — Tan Hor Peow Victor  
  
22 July 2011| Judgment reserved.  
---|---  
  
Choo Han Teck J:

1 The plaintiff, a judgment creditor of the defendant, failed to effect
service of bankruptcy process on the latter. The process of service began on
11 January 2011 when the plaintiff served the bankruptcy papers at the
defendant’s last known residence at 82 Jalan Angin Laut. The defendant’s
brother said to the process server that the defendant was not in. Another
attempt was made on 16 January 2011. This time the defendant’s brother said
that the defendant no longer lived there.

2 Thus, on 18 January 2011, the plaintiff’s solicitors applied for substituted
service by advertising in the Straits Times and exhibiting a sealed copy of
the order of court on the Notice Board of the High Court. On the previous day,
the defendant’s brother, Michael Tan, sent a letter to inform the plaintiff’s
solicitors that the defendant now works in China.

3 On 19 January 2011 the plaintiff’s solicitors were directed to effect
substituted service by post instead of advertisement. This order was affirmed
on 24 January 2011 when Michael Tan’s letter was brought to the court’s
attention. On 31 January 2011 the court order that substituted service be
effected by posting the bankruptcy papers on the front door of the defendant’s
address at 82 Jalan Angin Laut was extracted and service was effected
accordingly on 2 February 2011.

4 On 30 May 2011 the defendant applied to set aside the service of process.
This application was dismissed by AR Nathaniel Khng (“AR Khng”). The defendant
appealed before me to set aside AR Khng’s dismissal of his application and
that the bankruptcy application be set aside.

5 Mr Ng Lip Chih (“Mr Ng”), counsel for the defendant submitted that the house
at Jalan Angin Laut belonged to Michael Tan and the plaintiff knew that the
defendant was now living in China, and that the order by AR Khng was wrong for
thinking that substituted service at 82 Jalan Angin Laut was the proper order
to make. Mr Ng argued that the plaintiff had not taken reasonable steps to
determine whether the defendant was in fact living in China, and had instead
proceeded in the belief that the defendant was still residing in Singapore. Mr
Ng relied on rule 111 of the Bankruptcy Rules (Cap 20, R1, 2006 Rev Ed) (“rule
111”) which provides as follows–

(1)If the court is satisfied by affidavit or other evidence on oath that
prompt personal service cannot be effected because the debtor is keeping out
of the way to avoid service of a creditor’s bankruptcy application, or for any
other cause, the court may order substituted service to be effected in such
manner as it thinks fit.

(2)If the debtor is not in Singapore, the court may order service to be made
within such time and in such manner and form as it thinks fit.

(3)Where an order for substituted service has been carried out, the bankruptcy
application shall be deemed to have been duly served on the debtor

6 Mr Ng relied on the authority of _Re Peh Kong Wan, ex p United Malayan
Banking Corp Bhd_ [1992] 2 MLJ 292 (“ _Re Peh Kong Wan_ ”) in which VC George
J commented that it was pointless to have ordered that there be a posting of
the legal process on the front door of a debtor’s home if it was known that
the debtor no longer lived there. _Re Peh Kong Wan_ was not laying down any
general rule that would detract from the court’s powers under rule 111. In _Re
Peh Kong Wan_ ’s case, the judgment creditor attempted to enforce its judgment
debt almost 12 years after it obtained judgment. An order for substituted
service was granted but on appeal, VC George J cautioned against such an order
when no reasons were given as to what basis the judgment creditor had for
supposing that the debtor was still in Malaysia when the evidence showed that
he was likely to be in Jakarta.

7 I agree with VC George J that bankruptcy imposes a change of status with
severe consequences on the bankrupt and that the courts must be strict in
ensuring that the procedural steps are complied with. Rule 111 (2) provides
the court with very broad discretionary powers in respect of the service of
process on a debtor who is not in Singapore. In this present case, it appears
that the defendant may not be in Singapore. This meant that the caution
expressed by VC George J must constantly be held in mind, but just because a
debtor is known to be out of jurisdiction does not mean an order for
substituted service in Singapore cannot be effected. The difference between
_Re Peh Kong Wan_ and this case is threefold.

8 First, in this case, there was sufficient evidence that justified a
conclusion that the defendant was evading service. There was evidence that he
attempted to convince the plaintiff that he was in Brazil, and then,
subsequently, in China. Secondly, there was evidence before AR Khng that
indicated that the defendant was still in touch with his brother Michael Tan
who lives in 82 Jalan Angin Laut. AR Khng was justified in dismissing the
defendant’s application because anyone would reasonably have concluded that in
the circumstances of this case a bankruptcy notice against the defendant
posted on the door of the 82 Jalan Angin Laut house would have been swiftly
brought to the defendant’s attention. Thirdly, the plaintiff sought to enforce
his judgment debt expeditiously.

9 The defendant’s appeal is therefore dismissed.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 22 Jul 2011 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

