Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Public Prosecutor _v_ Wang Jian Bin  
[2011] SGHC 212

Case Number| :| Criminal Case No 21 of 2011  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 21 September 2011  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Chan Seng Onn J  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Chua Ying-Hong (Attorney-General's Chambers) for the
Prosecution; Irving Choh and Lim Bee Li (RHT Law LLP) for the accused.  
Parties| :|  Public Prosecutor — Wang Jian Bin  
  
21 September 2011|  
---|---  
  
Chan Seng Onn J:

Introduction

1 The accused, Wang Jian Bin, pleaded guilty to and was convicted of a charge
under s 375(1)(_b_) of the Penal Code (Cap 224, 2008 Rev Ed) (“PC”) for raping
a girl under 14 years of age (“the victim”). The victim was only 13 years old
at the material time. This offence is punishable under s 375(2), PC which
provides for a maximum sentence of 20 years’ imprisonment and/or a fine and/or
caning.

2 The following charges were taken into consideration for sentencing:

(a)

One charge of criminal intimidation under s 506 (first limb), PC for
threatening the victim to bring his gang to her home to cause trouble, and to
tell her parents that she had had sex with her boyfriend, intending to cause
the victim to meet him, which she was not legally bound to do.

(b)

One charge under s 376A(1)(_b_), PC and punishable under s 376A(3), PC for
penetrating with his finger the vagina of the victim.

3 I sentenced the accused to 13 years’ imprisonment and 15 strokes of the
cane. The accused filed an appeal against his sentence. I now set out my
reasons.

The accused

4 The accused is a 24 year-old male, who was 23 years old at the time he
committed the offences. He came to Singapore from China with his family in
1997 and became a Singapore citizen in 2005. Prior to his arrest, he was a
student of Temasek Polytechnic.

The facts

5 In October 2009, the accused contacted the victim _via_ MSN messenger
(“MSN”). He had come across her email address in the ‘making friends’ column
of _Teenage_ magazine. They then chatted _via_ MSN from time to time. During
the course of these conversations, the victim revealed her real name, and that
she was 13 years old and a Secondary One student.

6 The accused then asked for the victim’s mobile number and they started to
communicate _via_ text messages and telephone calls. When the accused steered
the conversation towards intimate topics by asking the victim questions such
as whether she masturbated, what the colours of her bra and panties were, and
what her bra cup size was, the victim felt uncomfortable and decided to avoid
the accused’s calls.

7 Undeterred, the accused continued to send the victim numerous text messages
asking to meet her. Some of these text messages were sexually explicit , _eg_
, whether he could ‘finger’ her (meaning to use his fingers to penetrate her
vagina). He also asked her whether she had a boyfriend and whether she had had
sexual intercourse with her boyfriend. To this last enquiry, the victim
replied that she had a boyfriend and had engaged in sexual intercourse with
him as she thought that this would put an end to the accused’s harassment. She
also stated that she was not interested in meeting the accused and told him to
stop sending her text messages.

8 Even so, the accused continued to send the victim text messages. On 2
December 2009, the accused texted the victim to ask for her address and
whether he could meet her at her home. He told the victim that he wanted to go
to her room to “play” with her and “touch [her] body”. He also expressly told
her that he wanted to touch her “pussy” (referring to her vulva) and asked her
if she had a condom at home. He instructed the victim prepare for his arrival
at her house by masturbating herself and by changing into either a skirt
without underwear or into a big shirt without shorts and underwear, so that it
would be “easy” for him.

9 The victim was with a 17 year-old Chinese male friend (“W1”) at the time
when she received the text messages. When the accused learnt that she was with
a male friend, he issued a series of threats to back his demands. He told the
victim that he would “play gangster” and “find… trouble” for W1 and herself if
she did not tell the accused her address. He also stated that W1 should watch
out as he could “bring [his] gang down” anytime.

10 Despite the threats, the victim refused to meet the accused, giving him a
range of excuses. She also told him that she did not want him to touch her.
The victim even asked W1 to pose as her father and call the accused to tell
him to stop harassing her. However, the accused was not convinced and insisted
on going to the victim’s house. He then told the victim that he already knew
where she lived (as she had given him her address in an earlier conversation)
and threatened to bring his gang to her house to “disturb” her and “mess up”
her flat.

11 By this time, W1 had called another male Chinese friend, 18 years of age
(“W2”), to come to the victim’s house to help them and W2 duly did so. W1 also
telephoned the police to report the accused’s harassment of the victim, but
told the police that there was no need to send officers yet because the
accused had not yet come to the victim’s home. He told the police officer that
he would call again once the accused arrived at the victim’s house. The victim
asked W1 and W2 to hide in her mother’s room when the accused arrived. She
would then tell the accused to leave and asked W1 and W2 to call for help if
she could not handle the accused.

12 When the accused arrived at the victim’s flat, she recognised him from his
photograph on Facebook. While outside her door, the accused repeated his
threats to call his gang if she did not bring him to her room quickly. As if
to make good his threat, the accused took out his mobile phone and appeared
ready to call someone. Out of fear, the victim let him into her flat. W1 then
telephoned the police for assistance. At that time, along with W1 and W2, the
victim’s brother and his piano teacher were also in the flat.

13 The accused walked behind her, pushing her at her back, as she walked to
her room. She believed that he would not dare to do anything to her as there
were many other people in her house. Unfortunately, she was wrong. The accused
shut her room door but left it unlocked at her request. He then told her that
he wanted to hug her, but pushed her onto the bed, laid on top of her and
started touching her breasts. The victim told him that he had only asked for a
hug and that she did not allow him to do such things to her. She said that she
would scream for help if he did not move away from her.

14 The accused warned her that if she screamed he would call his gang, and
would tell her parents that she had had sexual intercourse with her boyfriend.
She fell silent and he then inserted his fingers into her vagina and moved
them in and out, causing her pain. The victim tried to push him away but to no
avail.

15 At this point, W2 opened the door to her bedroom and saw what the accused
was doing to the victim. W2 then hit the accused on the back with the blunt
end of a Chinese martial arts spear that belonged to the victim’s brother. The
accused struggled with W2 for some time, until the accused told the victim to
tell W2 to leave; otherwise he would carry out his earlier threats. On hearing
this, the victim whispered to W2 to call the police. W2 accordingly left the
room and went with W1 to seek help from the nearby fire post.

16 Following this, the accused instructed the victim to close the door, and
pushed her onto the bed again. He then pulled down his shorts and pulled down
the victim’s shorts and panties. Although she tried to push him away, he
overpowered her and continued to touch her breasts. The accused again inserted
his fingers into, and moved them in and out of the victim’s vagina. He
subsequently inserted his penis into the victim’s vagina and moved it in and
out of her vagina, causing her considerable pain. Despite her resistance, and
to prevent her from screaming, the accused kissed the victim on her mouth. A
while later, the accused ejaculated, and the victim felt something wet at her
vagina.

17 At about this time, the victim heard W1’s voice outside her room and she
told the accused that the police had arrived. She then put on her clothes and
quickly walked out of her room. The accused pulled up his shorts and followed
behind her.

18 W1 and W2 had returned with several Singapore Civil Defence Force officers
from the nearby fire post. The officers separated the accused from the victim
when they came out of the room. Shortly thereafter, the police arrived to
arrest the accused. After his arrest, the accused sent the victim a text
message to apologise.

Benchmark sentences for rape

19 In _PP v NF_ [2006] 4 SLR(R) 849 (“ _PP v NF_ ”), V K Rajah J (as he then
was) considered and adopted the four broad categories of rape elucidated in _R
v Keith Billam_ (1986) 8 Cr App R (S) 48 (“ _Billam_ ”) for sentencing
purposes. In discussing the _Billam_ classification system, Rajah J opined as
follows (at 19]):

These categories were designed and calibrated to ensure both stability and a
measure of predictability in sentencing rape offenders by assigning a
benchmark sentence to each category.

In _PP v UI_ [2008] 4 SLR(R) 500, the Court of Appeal endorsed the principles
and sentencing benchmarks set out in _PP v NF_.

20 The four categories were arranged in ascending order of severity. At the
lowest end of the spectrum were the “Category 1” rapes, which featured no
aggravating or mitigating circumstances. Rajah J affirmed the finding in _Chia
Kim Heng Frederick v PP_ [1992] 1 SLR(R) 63 that the starting point for
sentencing in such cases was ten years’ imprisonment and not less than six
strokes of the cane.

21 Rajah J set out in some detail at [20] in _PP v NF_ certain aggravating
features, which if present, would bring the case within “Category 2”. Rape of
a child was identified as one of those in “Category 2” (see (d) at [20] of _PP
v NF_). Rajah J explained at [25] that the “common thread running through
category 2 rapes is that there has been exploitation of a particularly
vulnerable victim”. The starting point for “Category 2” rapes was 15 years’
imprisonment and 12 strokes of the cane.

22 “Category 3” featured cases where the accused raped multiple victims or the
same victim repeatedly. “Category 4” dealt with cases where the offender
“manifested perverted or psychopathic tendencies or gross personality
disorder, and where he is likely, if at large, to remain a danger to women for
an indefinite time” (_Billam_ at 50-51). We were not concerned with Categories
3 and 4 here.

23 I noted the caution in _PP v NF_ (at [43]) that although sentencing
benchmarks served to provide stability and predictability in sentencing, they
were “never [to] be applied mechanically, without a proper and assiduous
examination and understanding of the factual matrix of the case”.

24 I would now proceed to examine all the aggravating and mitigating factors
in this case. The appropriate sentence for each case must depend on its own
set of facts and circumstances.

Mitigating factors

Plea of guilt and remorse

25 Mr Irving Choh (“Mr Choh”), counsel for the accused, submitted that the
accused pleaded guilty at the first opportunity and was cooperative throughout
the police investigation. While it is a trite proposition that a timeous plea
of guilt indicative of genuine remorse is a mitigating factor, it is equally
trite that a plea of guilt does not _ipso facto_ entitle an offender to a
discount in his sentence. What needs to be demonstrated is genuine remorse. As
held in _Xia Qin Lai v PP_ [1999] 3 SLR(R) 257 (at [26]):

there is no mitigation value in a plea of guilt if the offender pleaded guilty
in the circumstances knowing that the Prosecution would have no difficulty in
proving the charge against him, or if he had been caught red-handed.

26 In the instant case, the accused was arrested at the scene of the rape,
immediately after the commission of the offence. W1 and W2 had witnessed the
accused pushing the victim into her bedroom, and W2 had seen the accused using
his fingers to penetrate the victim’s vagina. The accused’s DNA was discovered
in the pubic region swab and the vulva swab taken from the victim shortly
after the rape. The evidence was indeed overwhelming and the Prosecution would
not have any difficulty proving the three charges against the accused.

27 To the extent that the accused’s cooperation during police investigations
and his plea of guilt had been motivated, not by genuine remorse, but by his
knowledge that it would be futile to claim trial and deny his offences when
questioned by the police as he was caught red-handed, the degree of leniency
that could be shown on account of these mitigating factors must be
correspondingly reduced.

28 However, I believed that there was some degree of remorse on the part of
the accused and I took this into consideration when I determined the
appropriate sentence. The accused had sent a text message to the victim to
apologise shortly after his arrest. However, the sincerity of his apology
_via_ a text message and the weight to be given to it should not be
overstated. The accused belongs to a generation where texting and other means
of virtual communication are the preferred or even default modes of
communication. It would have been all-too-easy for the accused to simply dash
off a quick text message of apology to the victim.

29 Quite apart from the issue of remorse, I attached some weight to the fact
that the accused’s plea of guilt had spared the young victim the ordeal of
testifying in a trial and re-living the horror that he had inflicted on her.

Lack of antecedents and general good conduct prior to commission of offence

30 Mr Choh drew the court’s attention to the fact that this was the accused’s
first offence and highlighted positive testimonials the accused had received
from his course manager in Temasek Polytechnic and his Company Commander
during his stint in National Service. The accused’s course manager stated that
the accused was a conscientious, responsible and respectful student; serious
in his studies; independent and reliable; and had strong leadership skills.
His Company Commander stated that the accused was an honest, hardworking and
diligent soldier who discharged his duties with care and dedication despite
his personal problems.

31 Therefore, in view of the fact that the accused was young and could still
look forward to a bright future, Mr Choh urged the court to allow the accused
to have a second chance and not to impose too long a custodial sentence on
him. This was a consideration that I took into account, but in the light of
the totality of the circumstances, I felt that a custodial sentence of 13
years was nonetheless warranted.

Lack of intention to carry out his threats

32 While the accused admitted that he had threatened to tell the victim’s
parents about her sexual experience with her boyfriend if she refused to meet
him on 2 December 2009, Mr Choh submitted that this was done in a moment of
rashness and anger and that the accused had never intended to carry out his
threat. Mr Choh pointed out that the accused had not brought anyone along with
him to the victim’s flat. Although Mr Choh did not make this clear, I
understood this to be in reference to the accused’s threat to bring his gang
to the victim’s house to make trouble for her.

33 However, I found that the accused manipulated the victim, and exploited the
young victim’s gullibility and vulnerability when he lied to her that he would
bring his gang to cause trouble at the victim’s house. To force the young
victim to capitulate, he put as much fear into the victim as he possibly could
by exaggerating his threats and the amount of trouble that she would face
should he carry them out.

34 His actions on 2 December 2009 revealed that he was aware of the effects of
his unrelenting threats on the victim and he was clearly determined to break
her resolve to stand up to him each time she resisted him. First, when the
accused was outside the victim’s door, he pretended to take out his mobile
phone as if to call someone to back up his threat to call his gang to the
victim’s house to frighten the victim into letting him into her house. Second,
the accused repeated this threat while he pinned the victim down on her bed,
when the victim said that she would scream for help if he did not get away
from her. He also threatened to tell the victim’s parents of her sexual
intercourse with her boyfriend if she resisted. Third, the accused reiterated
the threats while he was struggling with W2, in order to get the victim to
tell W2 to leave her room. The accused succeeded in using such devious means
to coerce the victim to do what he wanted. Under these circumstances, I found
no mitigating value in the accused’s absence of intention to go through with
his threats.

Personal circumstances

35 Mr Choh also asked the court to have regard to the fact that the accused
came from a broken family and that his parents’ divorce had greatly affected
the accused. While I accepted that the accused was affected by his parents’
divorce and marital problems, I noted however that the psychiatric report
mentioned that the accused denied having any low mood or symptoms associated
with a depressive disorder. Therefore, I was unable to give much weight to
this mitigating factor alluded to by Mr Choh.

Aggravating factors

Harm to the victim

36 A central principle of sentencing is that the court should take into
account the degree of harm occasioned to the victim. It is well-documented in
psychological literature that the degree of harm occasioned by sexual assault
is exacerbated where young persons are the victims of rape (_PP v NF_ at
[49]).

37 This was borne out in the present case. Dr Cai Yiming of the Child Guidance
Clinic at the Institute of Mental Health conducted a psychiatric examination
on the victim and diagnosed the victim as suffering from post-traumatic stress
disorder which was likely to last at least six months. At the psychiatric
examination, the victim stated that she had felt “very painful” when the
accused raped her, and that she had flashbacks of the rape. She had also
started to imagine perverted things, became sensitive to boys and whatever
they did seemed wrong to her. In addition, the victim was “irritable and
easily became agitated and boiling inside” when her younger brother talked
about rape. In addition, the victim had trouble sleeping.

38 I took this aggravating factor into account for the purpose of sentencing.
The victim had suffered much emotionally and mentally from the trauma of the
rape, and this could have long term adverse effects on her emotional well-
being and her ability to form relationships in the future.

Other aggravating factors

39 I considered that this case disclosed numerous other aggravating facts.
Some of these formed the subject matter of two outstanding offences (see [2]
above) taken into consideration for the purpose of sentencing. I treated them
in a like manner as aggravating facts disclosed in the statement of facts
admitted without qualification by the accused. Had these two outstanding
offences been proceeded with by the Prosecution, the accused would be exposed
to the risk of a higher overall sentence due to the possibility of consecutive
sentencing, which fortunately for the accused was avoided in this case.

40 First, as noted earlier, the accused had been harassing and threatening the
young victim over a period of several weeks. He ignored the victim’s requests
for him to leave her alone. He repeatedly threatened to use his gang
connections to cause trouble for the victim and at her home in order to make
her succumb to his demands. The psychiatric examination of the victim revealed
that she was indeed fearful of the accused, and that this fear was the reason
why she had allowed him to enter her bedroom. The victim’s fear of the accused
can also be seen in her plan to have W1 and W2 hide in her house to offer her
protection from the accused. Unfortunately, W1 and W2’s actions were too
little, too late, and were ultimately unable to protect the victim from the
accused’s perpetration of the offences against her. On the facts admitted by
the accused, I found that he had systematically exploited the vulnerable
nature of this young victim by frightening her into yielding to his demands,
and he could then carry out his devious plan to sexually attack her at her
home. I had to take this aggravating factor taken into account when I
sentenced the accused.

41 Second, the accused had perpetrated other acts of perversity on the victim
before raping her. The accused pushed the victim into her bedroom, kissed and
groped her. He inserted his fingers on two separate occasions into her vagina
and moved them in and out of her vagina causing her pain. That the victim was
forced to endure the degradation from these multiple sexual indignities in
addition to the rape was another serious aggravating factor to be considered.

42 Third, the accused raped the victim at her home, in her bedroom and on her
bed. In _PP v Robiul Bhoreshuddin Mondal_ [2010] SGHC 10, weight was placed on
the fact that the victim had been raped “in the sanctity of her locked room
and on the bed on which she rested every night and which she had to continue
to use after the [rape]”. Instead of being her haven and sanctuary, the
accused had turned her home into a constant reminder of her agony during the
rape.

The need for general deterrence

43 The Prosecution pressed for a deterrent sentence to be passed. I agreed
that this case called for a message of general deterrence to be sent out. The
sordid facts of this case read like a cautionary tale of the digital age. When
the victim published her email in the seemingly innocuously-titled ‘making
friends’ column of Teenage magazine, she enabled any person who picked up the
magazine to come into contact with her and initiate conversations _via_ email,
MSN or Facebook. The parties might then move on to conversing _via_ telephone
conversations or text messages. The ease with which conversations can be
initiated has vastly increased with the technological innovations of today.
However, as the victim in this case found out, this also means that the
multiple channels of communication make the termination of such undesirable
and unwelcome conversations and messaging even harder should the need arise.
The accused in this case was able to continue his harassment of the victim for
several weeks. While new media and technological advances can be utilised for
a great many purposes, the unimpeded harassment of vulnerable young persons is
not a use that we, as a society, are prepared to accept. Sexual predators who
seek to use these avenues to seek out, harass and threaten young and
vulnerable persons and shelter, faceless, behind such modes of communication,
deserve the severe reprobation of society. There is also a pressing need for
greater vigilance amongst parents and parental figures to ensure that
predatory figures are not able to gather personal information about their
children and use such information to seek them out, harass and threaten them,
and exploit their vulnerabilities in order to facilitate commission of sexual
offences against them.

Conclusion

44 This court would not look kindly on accused persons who forcibly commit
both penile and digital rape on young girls. This was not a case of mutual
consensual sexual activity between the 13 year old victim and another young
boy. The accused, who is ten years older than the victim, was fully aware of
the victim’s young age. He persisted with his sexual advances, harassment and
sexual attack on the victim at her home despite the very clear rejection of
all his sexual advances by the victim. This sexual attack had scarred her
emotionally for life.

45 With the aggravating factors far outweighing the mitigating factors, I
accordingly imposed a sentence of 13 years’ imprisonment and 15 strokes of the
cane, which in my view was justified in the light of the totality of the
circumstances.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 21 Sep 2011 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

