Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Orchard Capital I Ltd _v_ Ravindra Kumar Jhunjhunwala  
[2011] SGHC 185

Case Number| :| Suit No 8 of 2011 (Registrar's Appeal No 140 of 2011)  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 04 August 2011  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Choo Han Teck J  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Lai Yew Fei and Khelvin Xu Cunhan (Rajah & Tann LLP) for
the plaintiff/respondent; Patrick Chin Meng Liong and Wong Chai Kin (briefed)
(R S Wijaya & Co) for the defendant/appellant.  
Parties| :|  Orchard Capital I Ltd — Ravindra Kumar Jhunjhunwala  
  
[LawNet Editorial Note: The appeal to this decision in Civil Appeal No 106 of
2011 was allowed by the Court of Appeal on 24 February 2012. See [2012] SGCA
16.]

4 August 2011|  
---|---  
  
Choo Han Teck J:

1 The respondent is a company registered in the Cayman Islands. The appellant
is an Indian national residing in Singapore. He entered into several contracts
with the respondent. The appellant failed to discharge his obligations under
those contracts. Consequently, the parties entered into a settlement agreement
on 28 May 2010 with a view of resolving his breach of the earlier agreements.
The appellant contracted thus to pay US$2,500,000 by 28 November 2010. The
appellant failed to pay as agreed and by reason of which, the respondent now
claims in this suit the full sum of US$6,500,000 (owing under earlier
agreement) plus interests amounting to US$261,780.82.

2 The appellant applied to stay the respondent’s suit on the ground that
Singapore is not the proper forum. He relied on the non-exclusive jurisdiction
clause in the settlement agreement which provided that —

the agreement is governed by and in accordance with the laws of Hong Kong SAR.
The parties submit to the non-exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of Hong
Kong SAR. The parties hereby knowingly, voluntarily, and intentionally waive
to the fullest extent permitted by law any rights they may have to trial by
jury in respect of any litigation based hereon, or arising out of, under or in
connection with this Agreement.

His application was dismissed and he appealed before me.

3 Both parties cited _Spiliada Maritime Corporation v Cansulex Ltd_ [1987] AC
460 (“ _Spiliada_ ”) in support. It seems clear that the _Spiliada_ requires a
court, in an application for a stay of proceedings application on the ground
of _forum non conveniens_ , to determine on the balance of all competing
factors, which forum would be the more clearly appropriate one. Given that the
action to be stayed was commenced here, the allegation that this was not the
appropriate forum meant that the burden lies with the applicant to show which
was the more appropriate forum.

4 In this case, the only material factors facing off were the fact that the
parties had chosen Hong Kong as the appropriate forum, and the fact that the
appellant and his family are resident here, and he appears to have business in
Singapore although the respondent had acknowledged that the original contracts
were made to further the appellant’s business in “India, China and USA”. The
respondent’s counsel conceded that witness testimony in this case was not
material as the claim would be essentially a construction of the contract. The
original contracts specified Hong Kong to be the exclusive jurisdiction
whereas the settlement agreement specified Hong Kong as the non-exclusive
jurisdiction. Performance under the settlement agreement was to be made by
payment into a Citibank account in America.

5 Generally, when the court is of the view that the factors are evenly
balanced, it would conclude that the defendant had failed to discharge its
burden of proving that there was another more appropriate forum. However, in
the simple and straightforward contest between the two factors here, I am of
the view that the selection of Hong Kong as the jurisdiction of choice was
sufficient discharge of the appellant’s burden, there being no evidence of any
unforeseen circumstances outside the parties’ contemplation at the time the
settlement agreement was concluded, that renders that choice inappropriate or
unjust. It was clear to the parties that the appellant’s business could have
taken him to China, India, USA or here. Further, there is no reason to believe
that the respondent would have any difficulty enforcing a Hong Kong judgment
against the appellant in Singapore. Thus, for the reasons above, the appeal is
allowed and the action herein be stayed _sine die_ with liberty to restore.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 04 Aug 2011 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

