Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Fongsoon Engineering (S) Pte Ltd _v_ Kensteel Engineering Pte Ltd  
[2011] SGHC 82

Case Number| :| Suit No. 67 of 2008  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 06 April 2011  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Belinda Ang Saw Ean J  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Joseph Ignatius (Ignatius J & Associates) for the
plaintiff; Wong Yoong Phin (Wong Yoong Phin & Co) for the defendant.  
Parties| :|  Fongsoon Engineering (S) Pte Ltd — Kensteel Engineering Pte Ltd  
  
6 April 2011| Judgment Reserved.  
---|---  
  
Belinda Ang Saw Ean J:

Introduction

1 In the present action, the plaintiff, Fongsoon Engineering (S) Pte Ltd,
claims moneys due to the plaintiff under a lump sum contract for the
fabrication and erection of the main structure of the Su Tu Vang switchgear
(hereafter referred to as “the Sub-Contract Works”). The other claim relates
to variation or additional works requested by the defendant, Kensteel
Engineering Pte Ltd. The defendant’s counterclaim against the plaintiff is for
expenses incurred by the defendant in rendering assistance to the plaintiff to
complete the Sub-Contract Works. Mohd Puad bin Md Isa (“Mohd Puad”), the
plaintiff’s business manager, and Ng Chin Hong, commonly known as Francis Ng
(“Francis Ng”), the defendant’s chief executive officer, were the only
witnesses called to testify for the respective parties.

The parties’ pleaded cases

2 The plaintiff’s pleaded case is based on a lump sum contract for the Sub-
Contract Works. Whilst the defendant rejects in entirety the plaintiff’s claim
in the sum of $403,072.74 for variation works, the defendant’s refusal to pay
the outstanding progress claims in the sum of $121,621.16 was on account of
its counterclaim against the plaintiff.

3 In its Defence and Counterclaim, the defendant pleaded that the plaintiff
was contractually obliged to complete the Sub-Contract Works by 6 May 2007.
However, the plaintiff failed to meet the contractual deadline, and was
therefore in breach of contract. The defendant, in adherence to its duty to
mitigate following the plaintiff’s breach, proceeded to and did render
assistance to the plaintiff to facilitate completion of the Sub-Contract Works
as well as rectification of defective works. As a result, the defendant
expended the sum of $201,649.53 and is, therefore, seeking payment in its
counterclaim against the plaintiff. In addition, the defendant denies issuing
any variation orders to the plaintiff. In any event, the defendant’s pleaded
case is that the plaintiff was obliged to finish the Sub-Contract Works by a
stipulated time, and changes to the work-plan, if any, were due entirely to
plaintiff’s obligation to speed up its work after its initial delay.
Accordingly, the defendant has denied any responsibility whatsoever.

4 In its Reply and Defence to Counterclaim, the plaintiff denied that it was
in breach. It contended that it had a period of ten weeks to complete the Sub-
Contract Works, and that the period of ten weeks would not commence until the
plaintiff had received all the steel required for the Sub-Contract Works. The
defendant only completed its supply of steel sometime in mid April 2007.

What were the terms of the lump sum contract?

5 The debate is over the deadline by which the plaintiff was supposed to
complete and hand over the Sub-Contract Works. Ordinarily, the applicable
deadline can be easily ascertained from the terms of the contract.
Unfortunately, the parties were unable to agree on the documents that
evidenced the contract between them, or even the date on which a binding
contract was formed. As such, the dispute became rather protracted.

6 The defendant maintains that the contract gave the plaintiff a total of ten
weeks to complete the Sub-Contract Works, and time would start to run from
_the commencement of the work_. The plaintiff commenced work on 22 February
2007, and the Sub-Contract Works should have been completed by the end of
April 2007. In contrast, the plaintiff’s case is premised on a different start
date: the ten weeks to complete the Sub-Contract Works was to start from _the
total receipt of the steel_. The defendant’s delivery of the steel material
was completed on 20 April 2007. As such the period of ten weeks should start
from that April date. In support of its contention, the plaintiff relied on a
3-page document dated 7 March 2007 which was signed and initialled by the
parties. According to the plaintiff, this 3-page document is the contractual
documentation governing the rights and obligations of the parties.

7 This dispute came about because of the inclusion of an additional term
shortly _after_ the defendant had signed the 3-page document and then _passed_
it on for the plaintiff’s execution. A good starting point is to examine the
course of the correspondence between the parties to determine the date on
which the contract between them was concluded, as well as the terms contained
within that contract.

Initial quotation by the plaintiff

8 On 24 January 2007, the defendant sent an e-mail to the plaintiff attaching
the terms and conditions and the schedule of work. The plaintiff was
specifically asked to review the terms and conditions and to revert with its
comments, if any. The plaintiff’s witness, Mohd Puad, confirmed that the terms
and conditions referred to in the e-mail of 24 January 2007 were attached to
the e-mail and received by the plaintiff. He identified the documents
exhibited in his affidavit of evidence-in-chief at pages 36 to 54 as the terms
and conditions received by the plaintiff.[note: 1] The documents in question
comprised “Exhibit A - Form of Agreement, Part II - Sub-contract terms and
conditions (hereafter referred to as “the STC”). In reply, the plaintiff on 30
January 2007 quoted a total price of $480,000 excluding GST and wrote:

Dear Sir,

We thank you for your enquiry and are pleased to quote as follows:

...

Delivery Time: 14 Weeks

Terms of offer: 20% deposit upon confirmation of order. Balance by progress
claim upon invoice.

It is common ground that up to this point, there was no binding contract.

Letter of intent

9 On 9 February 2007, the defendant e-mailed its Letter of Intent to the
plaintiff. The Letter of Intent read as follows:

**Re: Letter of Intent for (Structural fabrication and erection of the Su Tu
Vang Switchgear/CCR Building Award)**

**..**.

In reference to your quotation on the above subject matter, we have reviewed
and perused your quotation and we are please[d] to award your Company the
contract for the structural fabrication & erection of the Su Tu Vang
Switchgear CCR Building. Please treat this letter of intention as an
authorization to proceed with the work, while the Sub Contract is being
prepared.

The Sub-Contract shall consist of:

1.Scope of Work for structural fabrication and erection of the Su Tu Vang
SwitchGear/CCR Building

2.Engineering Deliverable starting with Reference No. R2837-006013-ST-0WG001
to R2837-006013-ST-0WG0023

Please confirm acceptance of this letter of intent by signing and duly
returning the signed copy by end of business day 9 February 2007.

10 The e-mail of 9 February 2007 read as follows:

Dear Edmund,

As spoken, Attached is the Letter of intent for your company to proceed with
the work. As discussed in the meeting, it was agreed the following:

1)The final subcontract price is S$400,000.00 (exclude GST)

2)The Fabrication and erection schedule to be completed by 10 weeks

3)The milestone payment shall be 10% upon contract sign and the rest will be
progressively payment upon work completion.

We are preparing the subcontract agreement (Draft will be email to you for
review by early next week) and we can sign once all are agreed.

...

11 I should mention that the usage of letters of intent that give rise to some
limited rights and liabilities is common in the construction business.
Typically, the employer states that it intends to enter into a contract with
the contractor and requires the contractor to start work while the formal
contractual documentation is being prepared. Ultimately, the full effect of
any letter of intent depends entirely on the objective meaning of the language
used as well as the context in which it was given.

12 In my judgment, the Letter of Intent coupled with the defendant’s e-mail of
9 February 2007 make up the defendant’s offer for the Sub-Contract Works. The
terms of the offer were those set out in the e-mail, Letter of Intent and the
STC. I should add that the document entitled “Scope of Work” and dated 23
January 2007 was exhibited by Mohd Puad in his affidavit of evidence-in-chief
at p58. The witness confirmed that it was provided to the plaintiff by the
defendant via e-mail of 24 January 2007.[note: 2] Mohd Puad also confirmed
that the Scope of Work mentioned in item 1 of the Letter of Intent was
referable to the document at p58 of his written evidence.[note: 3] For present
purposes, under the Scope of Work dated 23 January 2007, the defendant was to
supply primary and secondary steel to the plaintiff.

Did the plaintiff accept the defendant’s offer

13 The plaintiff’s reply of 10 February 2007 indicated that it was accepting
the contract but with additional terms:

Dear Tjek Poa;

We refer to your - and the Letter of Intent, dated 9/2/2007.

We hereby agreed and confirmed in principle for the above job but with the
following conditions:

1)All payment and progressive payment shall be quantified as follows:

• 10% of the Total Sub-Contract upon contract sign

• 20% fortnightly progressive payment of the remaining Contract Sum

2)Progressive payment shall be fortnightly and payment shall be made to us 1
week after submission of claim.

3)We also reserved the right to exercise “Stop of Work”, should your company
fail to make progressive payment after submission of our claim.

For your review and retention. Thank you.

14 On 12 February 2007, the defendant replied to the plaintiff in the same
e-mail thread with its comments. The defendant wrote:

Dear Edmund/Violet,

Pls note my response below in Blue. Hope all clear and agreeable. Pls concur.

**[LawNet Admin Note: For display purposes, the text that was coloured in blue
in the source document has been emphasised in bold and underlined below.]**

15 The text in blue was as follows:

· 20% fortnightly progressive payment of the remaining Contract Sum –
**_Progressive payment shall depend on the progress achieved_**

2

Progressive payment shall be fortnightly and payment shall be made to us 1
week after submission of claim. – **_Payment shall be made the earliest within
2 weeks from invoices._**

3)

We also reserved the right to exercise “Stop of Work”, should your company
failed to make progressive payment to us after submission of our claim. –
**_“Stop of Work” shall be applicable if payment is not made within 30 Days_**

16 In my view, the plaintiff’s e-mail reply of 10 February 2007 was a counter-
offer which was accepted by the defendant on 12 February 2007. The text in
blue did not contain counter proposals, but rather the defendant’s attempts at
stating its understanding of the ambiguous and imprecisely worded terms put
forward by the plaintiff. In my judgment, a concluded and binding contract was
therefore formed between the parties on 12 February 2007, the terms of which
included:

(a) the defendant’s STC (see [8] above); and

(b) the Letter of Intent and e-mail of 9 February 2007 (see [9]-[10]).

Subsequent events

17 On 13 February 2007, the plaintiff in an e-mail attempted to change the
payment terms. It also tried to add other conditions like liquidated damages
for late completion, and incentives for early completion. The defendant did
not reply to this e-mail.

18 On 15 February 2007, the defendant sent the plaintiff an undated copy of
the contract (“the Contract”) via e-mail. The e-mail read as follows:

Dear Edmund,

Refer to Letter of intent given to you. Attached is the contract which we will
be signing for the contract of structural fabrication. Pls review and confirm
agreement and we will make the original for signature.

19 The original copy of the Contract was pre-signed by the defendant and
forwarded to the plaintiff for execution. Shortly thereafter, the defendant by
e-mail dated 17 February 2007 requested the plaintiff to send its workers to
the worksite on 22 February 2007 for a safety induction, as well as to
commence the cutting of steel. The plaintiff’s personnel showed up at the yard
as instructed.

20 The plaintiff signed the Contract, dated it 7 March 2007, and returned it
to the defendant on a date which the defendant’s witness could not
recall.[note: 4] Unbeknown to the defendant, the plaintiff’s Edmund See had
handwritten against the provision in the Contract that the “delivery time” was
to be “10 weeks end of April 2007”, the following:

(To be revised – 10 weeks from total receipt of raw material)

21 The plaintiff’s attempt to change the completion date to a later one was
unilateral. It was ineffective as it was inserted well after the contract had
been concluded, and without the prior knowledge and consent of the defendant.
There is no evidence that after the Contract was returned, the defendant had
by conduct subsequently agreed to the plaintiff’s revision.

22 To summarise, the defendant’s e-mail of 9 February 2007 required “the
Fabrication and erection schedule to be completed by 10 weeks”. There is no
dispute that this referred to completion of the Sub-Contract Works within ten
weeks from commencement of work, as Puad had candidly admitted to this during
cross-examination.[note: 5] Accordingly, I hold that the plaintiff was
contractually obliged to complete the Sub-Contract Works within ten weeks of
commencement, starting from 22 February 2007. However, matters developed into
the second dispute.

Delay

23 The second dispute between the parties resolves around the issue of whether
the plaintiff or the defendant was responsible for the delay in the
plaintiff’s completion of the Sub-Contract Works. Although the defendant did
not make any claim for damages for the plaintiff’s late completion of the
construction works, a substantial part of its counterclaim against the
plaintiff was for time and money expended in helping the plaintiff to speed up
the Sub-Contract Works. Naturally, if I find that the defendant was
responsible for the plaintiff’s late completion of the Sub-Contract Works,
then that part of its counterclaim against the plaintiff would fail.

24 I note that there was no extension of time clause in the contractual
documents. In the absence of such a clause, an employer would not be allowed
to insist on completion by the due date if he was responsible for part of the
delay, and he would not be able to rely on any liquidated damages clause (see
generally _Dodd v Churton_ [1897] 1 QB 562; _Trollope & Colls v North West
Metropolitan Regional Hospital Board_ [1973] 1 WLR 601). In common parlance,
time is said to be “at large”.

25 Even though time for completion is at large, the contractor has to complete
the works within a reasonable period. If the contractor fails to do so, the
employer will be able to sue to recover general damages resulting from the
contractor’s breach (see per Salmon LJ in _Peak Construction (Liverpool) Ltd v
McKinney Foundations Ltd_ (1970) 1 BLR 114 at 121). What constitutes a
reasonable time is a question of fact. As a guide, how the courts in some
cases have determined the period of reasonable time is by simply adding the
effect of the employer’s delay to the contractual deadline. This is usually
regarded as a fair method because it is able to strike an appropriate balance
between not allowing the employer to take advantage of its own fault, and not
giving the contractor any other additional time other than that caused by the
employer’s delay (see generally _Balfour Beatty Construction Ltd v London
Borough of Lambeth_ [2002] 1 BLR 288).

26 The contractor has the burden of proving that the employer’s actions caused
the delay in completing the works. In _John Doyle Construction Ltd v Laing
Management (Scotland)_ Ltd 2004 S.L.T. 678, the court held at [35]:

Ordinarily, in order to make a relevant claim for contractual loss and expense
under a construction contract (or a common law claim for damages) the pursuer
must aver (1) the occurrence of an event for which the defender bears legal
responsibility, (2) that he has suffered loss or incurred expense, and (3)
that the loss or expense was caused by the event. In some circumstances,
relatively commonly in the context of construction contracts, a whole series
of events occur which individually would form the basis of a claim for loss
and expense. These events may interreact with each other in very complex ways,
so that it becomes very difficult, if not impossible, to identify what loss
and expense each event has caused. The emergence of such a difficulty does
not, however, absolve the pursuer from the need to aver and prove the causal
connections between the events and the loss and expense.

27 As the passage quoted above made it clear, causation is not easy to prove.
Even if the employer’s actions prevented the contractor from working on a
certain part of the project, but the contractor was nevertheless still able to
continue to work uninterrupted elsewhere, the courts might not find that the
employer had caused any delay to the contractor. To succeed, the contractor
would have to prove that the works had to be completed in a sequential manner,
and that no work could be done until the employer’s default had abated or
resolved. The difficulty with discharging the burden of proof explains why
many construction contracts have provisions allowing a neutral party like an
assessor to determine whether or not there has been delay by the employer, and
its resulting effects. If the dispute ends up in court, expert evidence often
plays an important part in determining whether the employer’s default has
caused the delay which the contractor alleges.

28 The plaintiff’s allegations of delay fall into four main categories. They
are:

(a)

The defendant’s failure to supply steel to the worksite on time;

(b)

The defendant’s change of plans;

(c)

The defendant’s failure to provide proper equipment on the worksite on time;
and

(d)

The stop orders issued by the defendant’s client.

(a) The defendant’s failure to send steel to the worksite on time

29 The plaintiff’s allegation is that the quantity of steel on the worksite
was insufficient for its workers to commence work on 22 February 2007. In
addition, the supply of steel to the worksite was intermittent, and it was
only until 21 April 2007 that the supply of steel was completed.

30 For its part, the defendant conceded in its closing submissions that it was
late in supplying some of the steel to the worksite. However, by 16 March
2007, at least, 80% of the steel was already been sent to the worksite.[note:
6] Hence, the defendant submits that the period of ten weeks to complete the
Sub-Contract Works commenced from 16 March 2007.

31 I now turn to examine the alleged delay caused by the defendant after 16
March 2007. I begin with the project schedule sent to the plaintiff on 24
January 2007. The relevant portion of the schedule states:[note: 7]

Job |  Early Start |  Early Finish  
---|---|---  
Cutting of Primary Steel |  20 Feb 07 |  02 Apr 07  
Fit and Assembly of floor frame structure |  27 Feb 07 |  09 Apr 07  
Cutting of Secondary Steel |  07 Mar 07 |  10 Apr 07  
Fit-up and Assembly Roof frame structure |  15 Mar 07 |  25 Apr 07  
Install floor plates |  19 Mar 07 |  19 Apr 07  
Install roof plates |  30 Mar 07 |  02 May 07  
Install columns/braces |  10 Apr 07 |  07 May 07  
Cutting of tertiary steel |  30 Apr 07 |  18 May 07  
Install Roof frame to columns and weldout |  08 May 07 |  15 May 07  
Fabricate other structural appurtenances |  02 May 07 |  23 May 07  
Install interior wall plate |  16 May 07 |  31 May 07  
Install exterior walls and weldout |  16 May 07 |  29 May 07  
Install other structural appurtenances |  09 May 07 |  12 Jun 07  
  
  

32 In light of the defendant’s concession that the start date was 16 March
2007 (due to its own delay in sending the steel to the worksite), the various
dates in the schedule would, logically, have to be adjusted further by one
month with no change to the description of the Job scope. According to the
first item on the schedule, the plaintiff was required to cut the primary
steel available on the worksite. It is clear from the documented evidence that
at least the following quantities of steel had been delivered to the worksite
on various dates:

Date |  Type |  Amount Delivered  
---|---|---  
25 January 2007 |  Primary Steel |  5.1612 tons  
26 January 2007 |  Primary Steel |  1.706 tons  
2 February 2007 |  Primary Steel |  21.8592 tons  
3 February 2007 |  Primary Steel |  42.638 tons  
12 March 2007 |  Secondary Steel |  52.5132 tons  
2 April 2007 |  Secondary Steel |  40.1822 tons  
16 April 2007 |  Secondary Steel |  19.266 tons  
19 April 2007 |  Secondary Steel |  6 pieces (weight uncertain)  
28 April 2007 |  Tertiary Steel |  6.081 tons  
  
  

33 During cross-examination, Mohd Puad admitted that by 16 March 2007, the
plaintiff had only managed to cut 30% of the primary steel that was on the
worksite.[note: 8] His testimony is borne out by the plaintiff’s own first
progress claim of 20 March 2007, whereby the plaintiff invoiced the defendant
the sum of $30,219.97 for 30% of work done on the 68.526 tons of primary
steel. In light of this, and on account of the plaintiff’s inability to
explain why its workers did not work on the remaining 70% of the primary steel
that was available at the worksite by 16 March 2007, it is reasonable for the
court to draw the inference that there is no correlation between the
defendant’s late delivery of steel material and the plaintiff’s work progress.
The evidence points to the plaintiff’s inability to complete the Sub-Contract
Works seeing the quantities of primary and secondary steel available to the
plaintiff on the worksite as at 16 March 2007. I therefore reject the
plaintiff’s first complaint as baseless.

(b) Change of construction plans by the defendant

34 The plaintiff blames the changes made to the construction plans many times
during the Sub-Contract Works, thereby causing further delays in the work
process and progress.

35 The first set of project drawings was issued by the defendant to the
plaintiff on 15 January 2007, and it related to the general scope of the
plaintiff’s work.[note: 9] On 20 March 2007, the defendant issued a second set
of drawings to the plaintiff, and it related to the floor beam details. The
first and second sets of drawings were for different aspects of the Sub-
Contract Works.[note: 10] Mohd Puad admitted in cross-examination that the
second set of drawings did not change the instructions in the first set of
drawings, and that the plaintiff could still use the first set of drawings to
carry out the Sub-Contract Works.[note: 11]

36 On 22 March 2007, the defendant issued a third set of drawings to the
plaintiff which related to the lower floor framing and the floor beam details.
Even at this stage, the changes to the construction plans did not affect or
disrupt the plaintiff’s work progress because as Mohd Puad admitted at
paragraph 20 of his affidavit of evidence-in-chief, the plaintiff only started
the fabrication work on 22 March 2007.

37 On 2 April 2007, a fourth set of drawings was issued to the plaintiff. Mohd
Puad admitted in cross-examination that those drawings only required some
minor changes to the entire floor beam details.[note: 12] Furthermore, there
is no evidence that the plaintiff had even started work on the floor beam at
the time the fourth set of drawings was issued.

38 On 19 April 2007, a fifth set of drawings was issued to the plaintiff. It
related to the roof beam details. Mohd Puad admitted during cross- examination
that the plaintiff had not started work on the roof beam at the time the fifth
set of drawings was issued.[note: 13]

39 The last allegation was that the defendant required some amendments to the
requirements for the padeye (lifting eye section) on 5 June 2007. This
allegation turned out to be a red herring because Mohd Puad admitted during
cross-examination that the amendments were actually given to the plaintiff on
18 April 2007, and as such, the plaintiff’s progress was not affected at
all.[note: 14]

40 In light of Mohd Puad’s evidence, the plaintiff’s allegation that the
defendant’s changes to the construction plans caused delays to the plaintiff
is unfounded and must fail.

(c) The defendant’s failure to provide equipment at the worksite on time

41 The plaintiff’s allegation that there was insufficient equipment on the
worksite is entirely bereft of details. No details were given as to the kind
of equipment that were supposedly lacking, the time period in which they were
lacking, and to what extent the plaintiff’s work was held up and, hence,
delayed as a consequence.

42 Again the allegation assumes that the defendant was contractually obliged
to supply the equipment. The contractual documents do not stipulate the type
and number of equipment to be supplied by the defendant. One finds some hints
in the copy of the Contract sent to the plaintiff on 9 Feb 2007:

Work scope

a) welding test

b) one supervisor

c) welder and fitter

d) cutting torch

e) PPE

f) Including the supply of grinding machine

Work exclude

a) all lifting equipment

b) all material

c) welding equipment

d) gases

e) testing for weld and welders

f) painting

Beyond that list headed “Work exclude”, nothing more was stipulated elsewhere
after 9 February 2007. It is not unreasonable to construe every item listed
there as the responsibility of the defendant to supply at its cost when so
required by the plaintiff for the Sub-Contract Works. The other list of items
under “Work scope” was to be provided by the plaintiff.

43 Throughout the period of March to May 2007, Mohd Puad agreed during cross-
examination that there was sufficient material and equipment on- site for the
plaintiff’s work. In fact, the plaintiff issued three progress claims in
respect of the following areas of Sub-Contract Works:

(a)

First progress claim submitted on 20 March 2007 (“Invoice I70070”) for work
done in marking and cutting 68.5 tons of steel. The claim was for $28,780.92
(excluding GST), and the defendant paid the sum on 9 April 2007.

(b)

Second progress claim submitted on 10 April 2007 (“Invoice I70095”) for work
done in marking and cutting 40.4 tons and fabricating 39 tons of steel. The
claim was for $44,763.60 (excluding GST) and the defendant paid the sum on 10
May 2007.

(c)

Third progress claim submitted on 21 May 2007 (“Invoice I70127”) for work done
on 86 tons of steel. The claim was for $52,043.18 (excluding GST) and the
defendant paid the sum on 18 June 2007.

44 I was referred to the plaintiff’s e-mail of 24 May 2007 as proof that the
defendant did not provide the plaintiff with equipment at the worksite. The
e-mail read as follows:

Hi Mond,

We refer to the above and your proposed recovery plan.

We have been promised by yourself during our last meeting dated 10/05/07, that
the following equipments and resources to be made available to us but to date,
these things were not given and made available to us.

1.Full tentage to cover the floor & roof framing structures, so as to enable
our men to work without interruption even if it is raining.

2.Scaffoldings at the floor framing structures for our men to erect & assemble
all the columns.

3.Additional welding machines of 10 sets for our welders.

4.Additional quivers/dryers of 12 nos for our welders.

The inavailability of all these items have caused much disruption and
inconveniences to our Engineer Mr Kumar to execute his work at your site.
Therefore, we would like to highlight to you that if the above were not given
and made available to us by end of the week we will not continue with your
recovery plan and should there be delay in the recovery work, we will not be
responsible for it.

45 Taking the e-mail at its face value, what seems to have happened is that
the plaintiff had fallen behind in the progress of its work and the defendant
proposed a recovery plan that was supposed to help the plaintiff speed up its
work. The equipment that the defendant promised to give to the plaintiff by 10
May 2007 was pursuant to the proposed recovery plan, and not based on the
original contract. Accordingly, this e-mail does not assist the plaintiff.

46 In conclusion, the plaintiff’s allegation that the defendant had failed to
provide it with sufficient equipment at the worksite is without merit and
baseless.

(d) **_The stop orders issued by the defendant’s client_**

47 The plaintiff’s allegation is that the defendant’s client had issued a stop
order due to safety issues on the worksite. Details of the stop order were not
given in Mohd Puad’s affidavit of evidence-in-chief. However, an e-mail from
him to the defendant dated 19 June 2007 read as follows:

Hi Mond;

The stop work order by your client on the roof section and other areas due to
scaffold and other related issues, will definitely slowing down the process of
completing the work.

I really don’t understand why now then they come to give such comments and
demand. This should be addressed much earlier during the initial start of
work.

Please assist to look into this matter immediately by engaging a full time
scaffold erector & supervisor at site to avoid all this stoppage of work.

48 The plaintiff did not give evidence on how long the stop order lasted, what
aspects of the work the stop order related to, or what impact the stop order
had on the plaintiff’s work. Accordingly, I reject the plaintiff’s complaint
for being too sketchy and vague to merit serious consideration.

Conclusion

49 In conclusion, I find that the defendant was responsible for the delay
arising from the fact that the steel materials to be supplied were sent to the
worksite on 16 March 2007. The contractual deadline of ten weeks beginning
from 22 February 2007 was no longer binding on the plaintiff. In its place, I
hold that the plaintiff was obliged to complete the construction work within a
reasonable time, which would be ten weeks starting from 16 March 2007 through
to end May 2007. However, the Sub-Contract Works were only completed on 11
August 2007. In the premises, the plaintiff was in breach of its obligation to
complete the Sub-Contract Works within a reasonable time.

The plaintiff’s claim for variation works

50 The plaintiff is claiming a substantial amount for variations works
requested by the defendant. They were oral variation orders for the completion
of certain works. Details of the variation works were particularised in:

(a)

Invoice number 170177 dated 17 July 2007 for a sum of $28,643.90;

(b)

Invoice number 170178 dated 17 July 2007 for a sum of $10,785.60;

(c)

Invoice number 170179 dated 17 July 2007 for a sum of $4,269.30; and

(d)

Attachment 1 dated 10 September 2007 for a sum of $403, 072.74.

51 The defendant denies the claim for several reasons. First, there was no
variation order issued to the plaintiff. Second, the items which the plaintiff
had billed the defendant fell within the scope of works which the plaintiff
had agreed to complete under the lump sum contract. I will deal with the first
reason now. A determination in favour of the defendant disposes of the
liability issue completely.

52 Clause 5 of the Contract (see [18] above) states:

In the event of delaying the completion of the aforesaid work, the Sub-
Contractor shall ensure it shall bear its own cost in the execution of the
aforesaid work. In the event there are variations to the aforesaid work, the
Contractor shall issue new variation order to the Sub Contractor and the Sub
Contractor shall comply with the new variation order in an appropriate and
diligent manner.

53 In addition, clause 3.8 of the STC (see [8] above) provides as follows:

SUB-CONTRACTOR shall submit such variations to the SUB-CONTRACT WORK whenever
by way of additions, modifications or omissions the variation may be:

a)Ordered by JRMAP under the Main Contract and confirmed in writing to SUB-
CONTRACTOR by CONTRACTOR; or

b)Agreed to be made by JRMAP and CONTRACTOR and confirmed in writing to SUB-
CONTRACTOR by CONTRACTOR; or

c)Ordered in writing by CONTRACTOR

54 The plain wording of clause 3.8 requires a variation order to be in
writing. Clause 5 as a matter of construction also contemplates, from the use
of the word “issue”, the existence of a written variation order from the
defendant. The plaintiff has not produced any written variation order issued
by the defendant. A written variation order is a condition precedent for any
claim by the plaintiff for payment of any additional or varied work done. The
plaintiff is not entitled to payment of any of its claims for variation works
since there were no written instructions from the defendant. As an aside, the
plaintiff did not establish any verbal instructions for variation works in any
case. In the premises, the claim for variation works is fails.

The defendant’s counterclaim

55 The defendant’s counterclaim against the plaintiff consists of two separate
claims. The claim of $69,911.13 is for costs incurred when it had to provide
additional workers to assist the plaintiff in rectifying defectives, and to
make up for the delay that had been caused by the plaintiff’s slow progress
(“first counterclaim”). The other claim of $131,738.40 is for costs incurred
in assisting the plaintiff to weld 12 of the 24 lifting padeye box stiffeners
that the plaintiff was supposed to complete ($32,400.00), as well as for
conducting rectification works on the floor of the fabrication structure
($90,720.00) (“second counterclaim”).

56 In relation to the defendant’s first counterclaim for $69,911.13, it is
noteworthy that the plaintiff has accepted this claim as justified. The
statement of account sent by the plaintiff to the defendant on 1 October 2007
showed the plaintiff’s acceptance of the defendant’s claim, and had even used
the said amount to set off the sums which it said were owed by the defendant
(or so it thought). In the circumstances, the defendant’s first counterclaim
of $69,911.13 against the plaintiff is allowed.

57 This leaves the defendant’s second counterclaim of $131,738.40. There are
two parts to this second counterclaim. The first sub-claim is for costs
incurred in assisting the plaintiff to weld 12 of the 24 lifting padeye box
stiffeners that the plaintiff was supposed to complete ($32,400.00), and the
second sub-claim is for conducting rectification works to the floor of the
fabrication structure ($90,720.00).

58 As regards the first sub-claim, it is noteworthy that nowhere in Mohd
Puad’s affidavit of evidence-in-chief did he challenge the defendant’s
witness, Francis Ng, on his testimony that the defendant had completed 12 of
24 lifting padeye stiffeners that were supposed to be completed by the
plaintiff. In fact, the plaintiff’s counsel did not cross-examine Francis Ng
nor challenge his evidence on this. Applying the principle enunciated in
_Browne v Dunn_ (1893) 6 R 57, I am entitled to hold that the plaintiff has
accepted Francis Ng’s evidence on this issue. Accordingly, I allow the
defendant’s claim of $32,400.00 against the plaintiff.

59 Turning now to the rectification works, the plaintiff’s position, as stated
in paragraph 21 of Mohd Puad’s affidavit of evidence-in-chief, was that
although the floor framing was uneven, it did not constitute a breach of
contract. It backed up its position with a survey report prepared by one of
the defendant’s employees, Yuly Satiawan, where the said employee had
mentioned that the calculation was adequate for presentation to the
defendant’s client. Furthermore, even if the defendant had conducted some
rectification work to even out the unlevel or sagging floor framing, it was
voluntary and had nothing to do with the plaintiff.

60 On the other hand, the defendant’s stance was that the survey report
prepared by its employee had been made purely for the purpose of showing that
the fabrication structure could be lifted to the quay side of the defendant’s
yard. It did not, however, show that the fabrication structure had been
satisfactorily constructed. Furthermore, the plaintiff did not dispute that
the defendant had carried out some rectification work to the floor
framing.[note: 15]

61 From the contemporaneous correspondence between the parties, I have no
doubts that the defendant had recorded its dissatisfaction with the uneven
floor framing and its intention to rectify the defects on multiple occasions.
On 17 August 2007, the defendant had sent a letter by fax to the plaintiff
complaining about the unevenness of the floor framing. The letter was written
in the following terms:

_Re: Notice on performance of Sub Contract Work_

We refer to the aforesaid matter and to the contents thereof.

We would like to bring to your attention the issue appended hereunder which
our client has raised with us.

The dimensional control of the Su Tu Van Switchgear CCR / Building floor and
roof is out of tolerance and not level. The main reason for the aforesaid is
due to the welding sequence which according to the client was not in sequence
and thus as subcontractor of the project we are answerable to our client.

As a result of the non-levelness, we are required to remove the equipment
supports which Kensteel had installed. Thus, resulting in incurring additional
manhours to remove the equipment supports and schedule delay. All these costs
shall be backcharged to Fong Soon.

In the event, Kensteel is required by our client to rectify the out of
levelness and/or other works, all cost shall be borne by Fong Soon
Engineering(s) Pte Ltd, pursuant to the contract executed between the parties.

...

The plaintiff did not reply to the defendant’s letter.[note: 16]

62 On 3 September 2007, the defendant sent the plaintiff an e-mail attaching
its bill for $69,911.13 in respect of its first counterclaim. In that e-mail,
the defendant indicated to the plaintiff its intention to make further claims
against the plaintiff for the cost of welding the 12 lifting padeye
stiffeners, and for rectification of uneven or sagging floor framing.

Fuad,

Attached is the Kensteel claim as agreed by you during the meeting on 22 Aug
2007.

There will be some more claimed from Kensteel for doing the welding of the
inside stifferners for the padeyes and re-work of the equipment supports
inside the building due to the building un-levelness. We will compile the
hours and send to you ASAP.

There was no reply from the plaintiff to this second e-mail.

63 Mohd Puad admitted in cross-examination that the defendant had carried out
substantial rectification work to the floor framing.[note: 17] I agree that
the defendant would have no reason to undertake such works if there were no
defects to the floor frame at all. For instance, shimp plates were added to
fill the gaps between floor and equipment supports due to uneven floor
framing. All in all, there was credible evidence of the existence of defects,
and rectification of the same by the defendant. The uneven floor framing was
due to the plaintiff’s defective or shoddy workmanship.

64 In its Defence and Counterclaim, the defendant is claiming $90,720.00 being
the cost of rectifying the uneven floor framing. As stated in the e-mail of 3
September 2007, the claim is only for labour supplied. I noticed that the
plaintiff had not challenged the defendant’s quantum at the trial even though
no details were given. I sought clarification from counsel on 16 February
2011. For their mutual benefit and in the interest of expediency and cost, I
directed the defendant to provide the documentary particulars of its claim
within a week with liberty to the plaintiff to respond by way of an affidavit
to whatever documentary particulars the defendant might produce. If cross-
examination was required by the parties, leave of court had to be sought by 7
March 2011.

65 On 24 February 2011, counsel for the defendant filed an affidavit which was
affirmed by the managing director of the defendant, Tsai Heng Een (“Tsai”), in
respect of the expenses incurred by the defendant in rectifying the defective
floor framing. In his written statement, Tsai deposed that he was able to
locate documentary evidence in support of $78,023.71 and not $90,720.00. The
plaintiff did not file any reply affidavit nor sought leave to cross-examine
Tsai.

66 The documents attached to Tsai’s affidavit included cheques paid out by the
defendant to third parties for work done, as well as the time sheets to show
the period when the work was done. The time sheets were for work done in the
period stretching from as early as 22 May 2007 up to 6 September 2007. On
reviewing the documents, it was clear to me that not all the documents were
for the rectification work. The survey report prepared by Yuly Satiawan on the
adequacy of the calculations relating to the floor of the building structure
was dated 11 August 2007. Any rectification work done by the defendant to the
floor must have been done after 11 August 2007, or more precisely, after 17
August 2007, when notice of the defects were first brought to the attention of
the plaintiff.

67 Given this state of affairs, the best case for the defendant would be for
me to accept that all the expenses incurred by the defendant after 17 August
2007 (as shown by the cheques and the timesheets) were for the purpose of
rectifying the uneven floor. Based on the documents produced by Tsai, there
are 4 sets of expenses that were incurred by the defendant in respect of work
done after 17 August 2007. These are

(a) Amount of $3,313.08 paid as salary to Yip Wing Koo and Leong Sek Khan for
406 hours of casual labour supplied;

(b) Amount of $2,295.00 paid as salary to Yu Chee Hoe and Fong Kun Fatt for
165 hours of casual labour supplied;

(c) Amount of $3,400.00 (UOB Cheque No.383217) paid to Express Engineering Pte
Ltd for 340 hours of labour supplied; and

(d) Pro-rated amount of $18,947.50 [(2056.5-161.75)/2056.5 x $20,565] paid to
Express Engineering Pte Ltd for 1,894.75 hours of labour supplied.

These four sets of expenses add up to $27,955.58.

68 Accordingly, I find that the plaintiff is liable to the defendant for the
sum of $27,955.58 in respect of the expenses incurred by the defendant in
rectifying the defective flooring.

Results

69 For the reasons given, I hold:

(a) the defendant is liable to pay to the plaintiff the balance of the
contract sum of $121,621.16; and

(b) the plaintiff is liable to the defendant under its Counterclaim for the
sums of $69,911.13, $32,400.00, and $27,955.58 (being the cost of providing
extra workers to make up for the delay caused by the plaintiff’s slow
progress, the cost of welding 12 lifting padeye box stiffeners, and the cost
of rectifying the defective flooring, respectively). This adds up to a total
figure of $130,266.71.

After setting off the figures in (a) and (b), the plaintiff has to pay the
defendant a sum of $8,645.55. Accordingly, there be judgment for the defendant
in the sum of $8,645.55. I make no order on interest.

70 As both parties have succeeded substantially against each other in respect
of their claims, I order each party to pay its own costs.

* * *

[note: 1]Transcripts of Evidence dated 8 July 2009 at pp 29-30

[note: 2]Transcripts of Evidence dated 8July 2007 at p 35

[note: 3]Transcripts of Evidence dated 8 July 2007 at pp50-51

[note: 4]Transcripts of Evidence dated 10 July 2009 at 71

[note: 5]Transcripts of Evidence dated 8 July 2009 at 53

[note: 6]Transcripts of Evidence dated 10 July 2009 at 97

[note: 7]DB 13

[note: 8]Transcripts of Evidence dated 8 July 2009 at p75

[note: 9]Transcripts of Evidence dated 9 July 2009 at p 65

[note: 10]Transcripts of Evidence dated 9 July 2009 at p 70

[note: 11]Transcripts of Evidence dated 9 July 2009 at p72

[note: 12]Transcripts of Evidence dated 9 July 2009 at pp 90-91

[note: 13]Transcripts of Evidence dated 9 July 2009 at p 101

[note: 14]Transcripts of Evidence dated 9 July 2009 at pp 102-103

[note: 15]Transcripts of Evidence dated 9 July 2009 at p 37

[note: 16]Transcripts of Evidence dated 9 July 2009 at p 25

[note: 17]Transcripts of Evidence dated 9 July 2009 at p 37

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 06 Apr 2011 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

