Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Public Prosecutor _v_ Nelson Jeyaraj s/o Chandran  
[2011] SGHC 33

Case Number| :| Magistrate's Appeal No 305 of 2010  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 16 February 2011  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Steven Chong J  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Hay Hung Chun and Pao Pei Yu Peggy (Attorney-General's
Chambers) for the appellant; The respondent in person.  
Parties| :|  Public Prosecutor — Nelson Jeyaraj s/o Chandran  
  
16 February 2011|  
---|---  
  
Steven Chong J:

Introduction

1 This is an appeal by the Prosecution against sentence. The respondent
pleaded guilty to and was convicted of six charges under the Moneylenders Act
(Cap 188, 2010 Rev Ed) (“the current Moneylenders Act”) of which five related
to acts of harassment with the use of kerosene to set fire to the doors of
five Housing and Development Board (“HDB”) flats. Four other charges were
taken into consideration for sentencing. The Prosecution’s appeal pertains
only to the sentences in respect of the five harassment charges.

2 For the five harassment charges under s 28(2)(a) read with s 28(3)(b)(i) of
the current Moneylenders Act, the District Judge sentenced the respondent to a
term of 12 months’ imprisonment for each of the charges and 3 strokes of the
cane for each charge, with the imprisonment sentences for three of the
harassment charges to run consecutively. The total sentence was therefore 36
months and 15 strokes of the cane for the five harassment charges. Before me,
the Prosecution pressed for a deterrent sentence of 24 months _per charge_.

3 The punishment prescribed for an offence under s 28(2)(a) read with s
28(3)(b)(i) of the current Moneylenders Act for a first-time offender is
mandatory imprisonment for a term not exceeding 5 years and a discretionary
fine of not less than $5,000 and not more than $50,000. In addition, the
offender shall on conviction be punished with not less than 3 and not more
than 6 strokes of the cane if it is proved to the satisfaction of the court
that, in the course of committing the offence, damage was caused to any
property.

4 I allowed the appeal and enhanced the sentence for each of the five
harassment convictions before me to 18 months _per charge_ , with the
imprisonment sentences for three of the harassment charges to run
consecutively as ordered below. I have noted with some concern the increasing
trend of such offences and how they have recently evolved to include the more
hazardous use of fire to harass debtors and their families. It is hoped that
this decision will provide some useful sentencing guidelines on the treatment
of such offences, in particular the use of fire for harassment purposes.

Facts

5 The facts of this case are relatively straightforward and have been admitted
by the respondent. Sometime in early 2008, the respondent had confided in one
of his acquaintances known as “Ah Huat” whom he had gotten to know during his
incarceration in 2006 that he was in financial difficulties. “Ah Huat” told
him that that he (the respondent) could obtain loans from a loanshark known as
“Ah Boy”. The respondent subsequently obtained several loans from “Ah Boy” and
paid them off in a timely manner.

6 In November 2008 and July 2009, the respondent took two additional loans of
$5,000 each from “Ah Boy”. However, this time, the respondent was unable to
service his loan repayments and called “Ah Boy” to negotiate the repayment.

7 To repay his debts, the respondent worked as a runner for “Ah Boy” for some
time, primarily checking for evidence of harassment and reporting back to “Ah
Boy”. For his work as a runner, the respondent was paid $60 per day. After
some time, “Ah Boy” offered the respondent harassment work. The respondent was
offered $60 per unit to commit harassment by splashing paint and scribbling
loanshark writings, and $150 per unit to commit harassment by setting the main
door on fire. The respondent agreed and chose to commit harassment by setting
fire since the payment was more attractive.

8 In order to repay his debts to a loanshark, the respondent carried out
several acts of harassment over three days at a total of six different
locations. The respondent cycled to each of the six target units during the
wee hours to commit harassment by scribbling loanshark writings on the wall
using indelible markers or spray paint and by using cloth dampened with
kerosene to set the main doors on fire. “Ah Huat” acted as his lookout on some
of the occasions.

The District Judge’s decision

9 The District Judge agreed with the Prosecution that a deterrent sentence was
called for. He accepted that the range of precedent sentences for harassment
of debtors under the current Moneylenders Act was between 10 to 14 months’
imprisonment.

10 Nevertheless, he imposed the sentence of 12 months’ imprisonment and 3
strokes of the cane (the minimum number of strokes) in respect of each
harassment charge for the following reasons:

(a)

the aggregate sentence should not have the effect of imposing a crushing
sentence on the offender (the totality principle);

(b)

the harassment charges carry caning of between 3 to 6 strokes of the cane per
charge; and

(c)

the sentence of 12 months’ imprisonment and 3 strokes of the cane is already
at the higher range for such offences.

The Prosecution’s appeal

11 The Prosecution appealed against the individual sentences imposed in
respect of the harassment by fire charges on the basis that the District
Judge:

(a)

failed to give sufficient weight to the need for general deterrence;

(b)

failed to give sufficient weight to the need for specific deterrence, in light
of the respondent’s antecedents;

(c)

failed to give sufficient weight to Parliament’s intention to take a tougher
stance against loansharking-related offences under the current Moneylenders
Act;

(d)

failed to give adequate consideration to the sentencing precedents for the
offence of harassing debtors on behalf of unlicensed moneylenders under the
current Moneylenders Act, as well as under s 28(2)(a) read with 28(3)(a)(i) of
the previous Moneylenders Act (Act No 31 of 2008) (“the previous Moneylenders
Act”);

(e)

failed to give adequate consideration to the sentencing precedents for the
offence of mischief by fire under s 435 of the Penal Code (Cap 224, 2008 Rev
Ed) (“the Penal Code”);

(f)

failed to place adequate weight on the aggravating factors of the present
case, in particular:

(i)

the number of units affected and the geographical reach of the offences;

(ii)

the role played by the accused and his deliberateness as well as
premeditation; and

(iii)

his motivation of getting easy money.

(g)

placed undue weight on the alleged mitigating factors;

(h)

placed undue weight on the totality principle; and

(i)

placed undue weight on the fact that the harassment charges carried caning of
between 3 to 6 strokes per charge.

I will deal with each ground of appeal in turn.

The need for general deterrence

12 In _Public Prosecutor v Law Aik Meng_ [2007] 2 SLR(R) 814 (“ _Law Aik Meng_
”), VK Rajah JA identified several types of offences which by their nature
warrant general deterrence at [24]:

(a)

offences against or relating to public institutions, such as the courts, the
police and the civil service;

(b)

offences against vulnerable victims;

(c)

offences involving professional or corporate integrity or abuse of authority;

(d)

offences affecting public safety, public health, public services, public or
widely used facilities or public security;

(e)

offences affecting the delivery of financial services and/or the integrity of
the economic infrastructure; and

(f)

offences involving community and/or race relations.

Rajah JA also gave examples of particular circumstances of an offence which
may attract general deterrence at [25]:

(a)

prevalence of the offence;

(b)

group/syndicate offences;

(c)

public disquiet;

(d)

difficulty of detection and/or apprehension; and

(e)

offences affecting several victims.

13 The offence of harassment by fire on behalf of unlicensed moneylenders
falls within several of the broadly defined areas of misfeasance that attract
general deterrence as a sentencing consideration. The offence is worryingly
prevalent, greatly affects public safety, usually takes place in the context
of a syndicate, and has resulted in public disquiet. The presence of these
factors supports the need for a strong deterrent sentence in the present case.
I will deal with each of these factors in turn.

The prevalence of unlicensed moneylending and related offences

14 The disturbing trend of prevalence of unlicensed moneylending and
harassment offences can be seen from the statistics reproduced below:

![](data:image/png;base64,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)

15 The statistics for unlicensed moneylending and related harassment cases for
2008 and 2009 were recently highlighted in Parliament (see _Singapore
Parliamentary Debates, Official Report_ (12 January 2010) vol 86 at col 2051)
(“Second Reading of the 2010 amendment bill”). In 2008, there was a total of
11,879 unlicensed moneylending and harassment cases reported and in 2009, a
total of 18,645 such cases was reported. It appears that such harassment
offences have also been increasing exponentially. A table showing the number
of harassment cases reported for the years 2005 to 2010 follows:

Number of harassment cases reported  
---  
|  2005 |  2006 |  2007 |  2008 |  2009 |  Jan – Sep 2010  
No of cases |  8174 |  9912 |  9366 |  11,400 |  17,883 |  12,810  
  
  

16 Furthermore, a new alarming trend has surfaced in which harassers have
escalated their tactics with the use of fire. The statistics for harassment
cases involving the setting of fire to property and, even more seriously, to
premises, are as follows:

Number of reported harassment cases in which fire was used  
---  
|  2005 |  2006 |  2007 |  2008 |  2009 |  Jan – Sep 2010  
Set property on fire |  0 |  0 |  4 |  3 |  35 |  8  
Set premises on fire |  0 |  0 |  3 |  0 |  13 |  16  
  
  

17 It can be seen that although there has been a decrease in cases involving
fire to _movable property_ , this change has been accompanied by a shift
towards even more dangerous tactics whereby the _premises_ themselves are set
on fire. In the present case, the respondent’s offences belonged in the more
serious category of cases as he had set fire to the doors of several HDB
units.

18 I also note that runners have degenerated to this new mode of harassment
using fire. On 8 January 2011, the Straits Times published an article titled
“Jail, caning for car-burning loan shark runner; Judge says case of debtor-
turned-harasser is one of the worst”, stating that a debtor-turned-harasser
had torched cars in a multi-storey carpark near a debtor’s home in Choa Chu
Kang and also set fire to some newspapers in front of the flat of another
debtor in Hougang after scribbling repayment demands at a nearby lift landing.

19 Based on the above statistics, harassment offences, in particular those
which involve setting the premises on fire, appear to be on the rise. Such
offences which are usually carried out at public housing estates can and do
cause public disquiet. Moreover, in the present case, the respondent committed
the five harassment offences between 1am and 5am, when the residents and
neighbours were likely to be sound asleep. This _modus operandi_ therefore has
the grave potential to delay early detection and consequently inflict serious
damage to both lives and property. I should add that the offence is equally
grave even if it is committed in broad daylight. Accordingly, it is both
important and necessary for the courts to impose a deterrent sentence to send
out a clear and strong message that such offences cannot be tolerated at all.

Impact on public: safety and security

20 Harassment offences threaten the safety of a considerably wider scope of
persons beyond the debtors and/or sureties. Innocent victims are often
utilised as deliberate targets, not because of any prior association with the
illegal moneylenders, but because the unlicensed moneylenders and their
“runners” see them as nothing more than a pawn in order to pressure the actual
debtors to pay up. At the Second Reading of the 2010 amendment bill which
brought the Moneylenders Act to its current form, the Senior Minister of State
for Home Affairs [Assoc Prof Ho Peng Kee] said at col 2051:

Loansharks now increasingly target innocent neighbouring households by
splashing paint on their doors, or to their cars in multi-storey carparks,
hoping that peer pressure would force the borrowers to pay up. Indeed, in some
instances, knowing that innocent parties are frustrated, loansharks demand
that they pay up on behalf of the actual debtors! These acts, though
generally, non-confrontational in nature and non-life threatening,
nevertheless disrupt the community’s sense of well-being.

21 As a result, these innocent victims suffer much distress, even to the point
of placing newspaper advertisements in a desperate attempt to inform the
loansharks that they are innocent third parties: see The New Paper article
titled “2 men harassed by loan sharks though they say they never borrowed
money” which was published on 16 September 2010. More recently, an innocent
victim also wrote to the Straits Times to express her anguish and frustration
at being harassed by a loanshark ever since she bought her flat from a debtor
of a loan-shark three years ago: see the Straits Time article titled “Innocent
loan-shark victim’s 3-year tale of endless woe” which was published on 19
January 2011. In one extreme case, this frustration compelled the victims of
loanshark harassment to brutally assault an innocent man who was mistaken as a
runner. For the assault, the victims were sentenced to between 1 to 12 months’
imprisonment: see The Straits Times article titled “Three relatives jailed for
assault” which was published on 15 February 2011.

22 Acts of harassment also invariably create an atmosphere of fear in the
neighbourhood. This is a regrettable development which must be arrested. As
the court rightly pointed out in _Public Prosecutor v Soh Yew Heng_ [2007]
SGDC 49 at [15]:

There are costs and harm imposed on society by these acts of harassment. The
harassment at the very least creates a breach of the peace and good public
order. _It fosters an atmosphere of threat and danger because of the damage to
property and warning messages scrawled on walls. Residents of our various
housing estates are entitled to live in surroundings free from such
disturbances… The response of the Courts should therefore be both punitive and
deterrent_.

[emphasis added]

23 Such offences also cause damage to property. On 15 January 2010, the
Straits Times published an article titled “Loan sharks’ vandalism costs town
councils”, stating that eight town councils incur annual expenses of between
$15,000 to $70,000 to rectify damage to property caused by loansharks.

24 In harassment by fire cases, the adverse impact on public safety and
security, as well as the economic cost, is amplified. The scope of property
damage and the potential risk to human life and safety increases significantly
when fire is used. The serious extent of property damage that can be caused by
fire is apparent from the photographs of the fires that were set by the
respondent in the present case. The fires spread to the ceiling, melting the
ceiling lamps and the insulation of the electrical wirings in the common
corridor. In one instance it spread close to the gas supply pipes. The total
cost of the damage to property (private and public) in the present case
amounted to $5,222.30. In such cases, if the fire should get out of control
and spread to the electrical wiring and the gas supply pipes, it would have
endangered not only the occupants of the unit being harassed but also those in
the adjoining flats. The results could be catastrophic, especially in the
older, narrower and more cramped HDB flats.

25 Parliament has correctly recognised that harassment by fire constitutes a
special category of harassment that warrants the full brunt of the law. In
Parliamentary proceedings on 18 August 2009, Assoc Prof Ho stated (_Singapore
Parliamentary Debates_ , _Official Report_ (18 August 2009), vol 86 at col
963):

[W]e have enhanced penalties over the years. So in 2005, we enhanced the
penalties, and in 2008, last year, we enhanced them further and upcoming, we
want to enhance the penalties even more. _But, really, for those harassers who
cause damage to property or injury to persons, we want to emphasise the caning
and indeed for those who damage property or harm persons, the element of a
mandatory minimum caning will be imposed because, after all, they are
threatening the well-being of others. So I think there is no question about
it, these are dangerous acts and we must nip them in the bud_. When Police can
charge harassers under other more serious sections, eg, mischief by fire – I
think there were about 35 instances this year when items had been lit outside
flats and indeed like Mdm Phua said under her ward, petrol bombs were thrown –
when the facts are proven, Police will also impose a higher charge to send the
right signal. So let that be clear.

[emphasis added]

Similarly, in the Second Reading of the 2010 amendment bill, Assoc Prof Ho
stated at col 2051:

[T]he Police is closely monitoring the dangerous tactics employed by some
loansharks, if not all, of locking people up in their homes or setting on fire
items found outside their homes. If caught, _these harassers will be punished
with the full brunt of the law_.

[emphasis added]

26 It is clear from the above that Parliament has recognised acts of
harassment by fire to be one of the most egregious forms of harassment. Thus,
the sentences imposed should be calibrated to reflect society’s particular
opprobrium of such offences which have a deep negative impact on public safety
and security.

Syndicate offence

27 Syndicate offences have been recognised as a category of offence that
attracts the principle of general deterrence: _Law Aik Meng_ at [25].

28 The Second Reading of the 2010 amendment bill marked a paradigm shift in
the way Parliament views loansharking and related activities. Such offences
are now characterised as “syndicate” offences, carried out usually by
operations with multiple layers, typically involving a financier (or “
_towkay_ ”), an “ _ah long_ ” who operates the “stall” which issues loans, and
runners who commit acts of harassment and conduct other ground operations.

29 Assoc Prof Ho stated in the Second Reading of the 2010 amendment bill at
col 2051:

How loanshark syndicates have evolved in other jurisdictions, including the
use of violence, the cross-participation with other organised criminal
activities like drug-trafficking, has convinced us that we must take tough
actions to deal with this scourge before it grows to become a greater threat
to our citizens’ safety.

[W]e needed to shift our paradigm as to how we view loanshark syndicates, that
is, from unscrupulous moneylenders charging exorbitant interest rates to being
a pernicious form of organised crime. Criminal acts perpetrated by organised
criminal groups are a threat to society as they are tougher to eradicate and
can create greater community impact.

30 In the present case, the respondent became involved in a syndicated offence
when he agreed to act as a “runner” for an unlicensed moneylender “Ah Boy”.
The respondent never knew who “Ah Boy” was. He interacted entirely with “Ah
Huat” who handed him the necessary materials for his harassment acts and acted
as a lookout for him. This is typical of how syndicated unlicensed
moneylenders operate and explains why syndicate offences are particularly
difficult to subdue. As Assoc Prof Ho elucidated in the Second Reading of the
2010 amendment bill at col 2051:

Now, loansharks have taken to outsourcing their "business functions" to
debtors or youths, who appear easy targets for recruitment. These operatives
carry out functions ranging from assisting the loansharks in the collection of
money, to effecting transfers of money electronically, to carrying out acts of
harassment. They add to the layers surrounding the loanshark syndicate,
shielding the leaders from direct exposure. Members are also fearful to
testify against the "_ah longs_ " and "_towkays_ " for fear of reprisal to
themselves and their families. And business continuity is high as,
characteristically, the syndicates’ structure enables them to elude Police
enforcement, replace lower rung members, reorganise their resources and
perpetuate their criminal activities.

31 I accept the Prosecution’s argument that this is a relevant consideration
which attracts the application of the general deterrence principle thereby
warranting an enhancement of the present sentence. Unless we cut through the
layers surrounding illegal moneylenders, there will no realistic prospect of
dealing with the kingpins themselves and the scourge of moneylending and their
attendant offences will continue to plague society.

Public disquiet

32 It is apparent from the widespread coverage of harassment cases in 2010
that such cases have created a sense of fear and trepidation in the community.
The installation of ever increasing number of video surveillance equipment in
various HDB common corridors as well as the formation of numerous citizens’
patrol and watch groups (see the Second Reading of the 2010 amendment bill at
para 4) are further testament to the unease that has been engendered amongst
the members of the community by the alarming prevalence of such offences.

33 Needless to say, an offence affecting a larger number of people covering a
wider geographical area is more serious than one that affects few people in a
limited area. In the present case, the respondent had harassed not one, but
six units at different locations. This was not a case where the respondent had
committed a one-off offence in a moment of folly. Rather, he persisted in his
conduct and harassed several HDB units over three separate days.

34 Furthermore, his offences had a wide geographical reach, from Woodlands and
Yishun in the North, Hougang and Anchorvale (Sengkang) in the North East, and
Geylang Bahru in the Central area, to Geylang East in the East. He therefore
encroached on the safety and serenity of more than one neighbourhood. That
said, this should not typically be viewed as an independent aggravating factor
as it would be taken care of in sentencing by virtue of the multiple charges
for which two or three would be ordered to run consecutively. Indeed in the
present case, the District Judge ordered three of the sentences to run
consecutively. Therefore to treat it as an independent aggravating factor
would amount to double counting.

The need for specific deterrence

35 The principle of specific deterrence merits consideration in the present
case. The respondent is no stranger to the courts, having been convicted on
several occasions for different offences. Although the respondent does not
have loansharking or related antecedents, his chequered past is a relevant
factor for sentencing as it clearly demonstrates his cavalier disregard for
the law: see _Tan Kay Beng v Public Prosecutor_ [2006] 4 SLR(R) 10 at
[14]–[16].

36 Given his long list of antecedents, it would not be an exaggeration to say
that the respondent has re-offended almost immediately each time after he
underwent punishment for a prior offence. He was given the opportunity of
rehabilitation in 2003 when he was ordered to undergo probation for theft and
road traffic offences but re-offended in 2004 for similar offences. Even then,
he was given another opportunity and was sentenced to reformative training.
However, he still did not realise the error of his ways and went on to commit
the offence of affray for which he was fined in 2007. The respondent was
finally sentenced to 6 months’ imprisonment in 2009 for theft (again),
together with even more serious offences (against persons). Soon after his
release from prison for those offences, in January 2010, he was convicted and
sentenced to 5 months’ imprisonment for road traffic offences.

37 His most recent infractions show that he has escalated his criminal conduct
even further in committing more serious offences involving the use of fire for
harassment purposes. A sufficiently severe sentence is therefore mandated to
steer him away from the path of crime.

Legislative Changes to the Moneylenders Act

38 The legislative history of the penalty provisions for harassment offences
demonstrates Parliament’s clear intent in enacting harsher penalties in order
to stem the ever-increasing tide of such offences. This intent is manifested
in the following changes to the punishment provisions for harassment offences
resulting in property damage:

(a) with effect from 16 August 1983, the punishment was revised to
_discretionary imprisonment_ for a term not exceeding 12 months and/or
discretionary fine of not less than $2,000 and not more than $20,000;

(b) with effect from 1 January 2006, the punishment was revised to
_discretionary imprisonment_ for a term not exceeding 3 years and/or
discretionary fine of not less than $4,000 and not more than $40,000. In
addition, there would also be _discretionary caning_ of not more than 4
strokes if it is proved to the satisfaction of the court that, in the course
of committing the offence, damage was caused to any property; and

(c) with effect from 11 February 2010, the punishment was revised to
_mandatory imprisonment_ for a term not exceeding 5 years, discretionary fine
of not less than $5,000 and not more than $50,000, and _mandatory caning_ of
not less than 3 and not more than 6 strokes if it is proved to the
satisfaction of the court that, in the course of committing the offence,
damage was caused to any property.

39 From the above summary, the penalty provisions have undergone several
revisions over the years, each time resulting in harsher penalties being
imposed for such offences. This amply demonstrates that the task of curbing
harassment activities has been an uphill one, necessitating the enactment of
increasingly severe penalties from discretionary imprisonment and caning to
mandatory imprisonment and caning.

40 Parliament has repeatedly articulated the need for a strong stance or a
“zero tolerance” approach in order to stem the rising numbers of such
offences. In the Second Reading of the 2005 amendment bill (which was passed
as Act 44 of 2005) that increased the maximum imprisonment term from 12 months
to 3 years and also doubled the minimum and maximum fines from $2,000 to
$4,000 and $20,000 to $40,000 respectively, Assoc Prof Ho stated (see
_Singapore Parliamentary Debates, Official Report_ (21 November 2005, vol 80
at col 1831):

Sir, the number of unlicensed moneylending and related harassment cases,
however, continues to rise from some 1,500 cases in 1995 to almost 6,000 cases
last year, ie, about a four-fold increase. In some instances, parties who did
not borrow money were also harassed. For example, new occupants of dwellings
that were formerly occupied by debtors, and people who had lost or misplaced
their identity cards. In addition, the number of arrests made in unlicensed
moneylending and related harassment cases increased by almost 20% in one year,
from 330 arrests in 2003 to 393 arrests in 2004.

Sir, we must tackle the rise in illegal moneylending cases resolutely,
adopting a comprehensive approach…

Sir, as for these amendments which are under consideration, Parliament should
send a strong signal to loansharks that we will not tolerate the conduct of
unlicensed moneylending activities, where exorbitant interest rates are
charged and borrowers and even non-borrowers are harassed in their own homes.

…

In conclusion, Sir, these amendments are needed to send a strong signal that
_the Government has zero tolerance for unlicensed moneylending activities_.
The enhanced deterrent effect should also help stem the increase that we have
seen in such activities.

[emphasis added]

41 Unfortunately, the 2005 amendments did not succeed in curbing harassment
activities. Parliament’s intent to take an even harsher stand against such
activities is evident from the Second Reading speech of the 2010 amendment
bill. In that speech, Assoc Prof Ho noted that the number of loanshark and
harassment cases continued to increase: except for a brief respite in 2007,
when the numbers of such cases dropped slightly. Professor Ho observed that
the number of reports has continued to rise with 11,879 cases reported in 2008
and 18,645 cases reported in 2009.

42 As pointed out above, the 2010 amendments which introduced _both mandatory
imprisonment and caning_ marked a paradigm shift in Parliament’s treatment of
unlicensed moneylending and related offences. Henceforth, they are to be
viewed as syndicate offences that are particularly pernicious and must be met
with the full brunt of the law.

43 In light of the recent legislative changes leading to the current
Moneylenders Act, Parliament has clearly adopted an even more robust stance
against such harassment offences.

Sentencing benchmarks

44 I note that there are no reported decisions at the appellate level on cases
of harassment resulting in property damage (whether by fire or other means)
under the previous or current Moneylenders Act.

45 The present case therefore presents an opportunity for this Court to take
cognizance of the recent legislative changes so as to provide guidance by
clarifying the benchmark sentences that should be imposed in respect of both
non-fire and fire harassment cases under the previous and current Moneylenders
Act.

46 Under the previous Moneylenders Act (_ie_ , after Act 31 of 2008),
sentences of between 8 to 12 months’ imprisonment and 1 to 2 strokes of the
cane have generally been imposed for adult offenders who carry out non-fire
acts of harassment (_ie_ , use of paint, markers, even bicycle locks) on
behalf of unlicensed moneylenders: see _Joseph Ong Dick Tat v Public
Prosecutor_ Magistrate’s Appeal No 142 of 2008 and _Public Prosecutor v Fazlie
bin Hasnie_ DAC 14581/2010. It is pertinent to highlight that the sentences
were imposed when imprisonment and caning were discretionary.

47 Under the current Moneylenders Act, sentences of 12 months’ imprisonment
and the mandatory minimum 3 strokes of the cane have generally been imposed
for non-fire with property damage cases: see _Public Prosecutor v Wu Wei Chun_
DAC 31830/2010 and _Public Prosecutor v Kau Wui Keong_ DAC 19918/2010. The
increase in the tariff for non-fire with property damage cases is in line with
and gives effect to Parliament’s intent to take an even stronger stance on
such offences. I see no reason why the benchmark for non-fire with property
damage cases should be revised.

48 In my view, it is manifestly clear that a distinction needs to be drawn
between non-fire with property damage cases, _ie_ , by splashing paint or
scribbling with indelible ink, and fire with property damage cases such as the
instant case whereby doors were set on fire with kerosene. The use of kerosene
to set fire causes more significant damage to the property and endangers the
lives of the occupants. Moreover, the potential to cause harm to innocent
neighbouring residents and their property cannot be overlooked.

49 I am of the view that the benchmark sentence for fire with property damage
cases should be set at 18 months’ imprisonment and 3 strokes of the cane _per
charge_. The reason for the enhanced sentence is the aggravating nature of
such offences as explained in [13]–[38] above. I should add that this
benchmark is also in line with the recent unreported case of _Public
Prosecutor v Ow Chia Chye_ (DAC 14403/2010 & ors). In that case, the accused
had committed a range of harassment offences on behalf of an unlicensed
moneylender, including splashing paint and scrawling graffiti. He had set fire
to a unit on one occasion. For the setting of fire, he was sentenced under the
current Moneylenders Act to 18 months’ imprisonment, 3 strokes of the cane and
a fine of $5,000.

50 In deciding on the 18-month benchmark, I took cognizance of the benchmark
sentence for causing mischief by fire under s 435 of the Penal Code.
Generally, an imprisonment sentence of 3 years has typically been imposed for
offences under s 435 of the Penal Code: see _Public Prosecutor v Zuraimi Bin
Abdul Rahim_ DAC 42206/2009, DAC 43200/2009, DAC 4201/2009 and _Public
Prosecutor v Thiam Chin Loong_ DAC 32851/2009. The ingredients for a
conviction under s 435 of the Penal Code and s 28(2)(a) read with s
28(3)(b)(i) of the current Moneylenders Act are practically identical.
However, it was fairly highlighted to my attention by the Prosecution that a
direct comparison between the two offences may not be entirely accurate
because there is no provision for caning in respect of convictions under s 435
of the Penal Code. Nonetheless despite the difference, the 3-year benchmark
sentence for a conviction under s 435 of the Penal Code at least provides some
measure of direction on the appropriate sentence for fire harassment
convictions under the current Moneylenders Act. Parliament has clearly decided
that mandatory caning together with mandatory imprisonment would be more
effective to deal with such insidious offences.

51 The 18-month benchmark for fire harassment cases should be increased in
appropriate situations where for instance the fire caused extensive damage
beyond the door of the unit into the premises or onto the neighbouring unit.
Any increase beyond the 18-month benchmark should be calibrated according to
the extent and severity of the damage. I should add that if injuries are
caused to the residents arising from the fire, this _may_ not necessarily
constitute an aggravating factor since separate and more serious charges would
be levied against the accused under s 321 or s 322 of the Penal Code for
voluntarily causing hurt or grievous hurt depending on the nature of the
injuries. However, I do not rule out the possibility that injuries to resident
may in appropriate cases amount to an aggravating factor for sentencing
purposes.

Absence of mitigating factors

52 In his mitigation plea, the respondent stated that he committed the
offences out of desperation due to his difficult financial circumstances, and
in order to avoid harassment to himself and his family.

53 It is trite that financial difficulties cannot be relied upon in mitigation
of an offence save in the most exceptional or extreme of circumstances: see
_Lai Oei Mui Jenny v Public Prosecutor_ [1993] 2 SLR(R) 406 at [10].

54 In keeping with this principle, the courts have generally not accorded any
mitigating weight to claims that the offences in question were committed to
repay loansharks. For example, in _Public Prosecutor v Ong Ker Seng_[2001] 3
SLR(R) 134 at [30], the High Court did not attach any mitigating weight to the
accused person’s claim that he was driven to commit the offence of obtaining
loans without disclosing his undischarged bankrupt status in his desperate bid
to repay loansharks who were hounding him. In _Sim Yeow Seng v Public
Prosecutor_ [1995] 2 SLR(R) 466 at [10], the High Court similarly rejected the
argument that the accused had committed the offence of criminal breach of
trust in order to pay off loansharks.

55 _A fortiori_ , no distinction should be drawn between these cases and the
harassment cases. Indeed, debtors-turned-runners who have first-hand
experience of what it is like to be hounded by loansharks should know better
than to revisit such hardship upon third parties in a bid to escape their own
predicament.

56 In line with Parliament’s aim of curtailing harassment offences, I find
that no mitigating weight should be accorded to the argument that the offender
only committed harassment to avoid harassment of himself and his family. Many
harassment acts are carried out by such debtors-turned-runners. If the Court
were to impose lenient sentences on the basis of sympathy for their conundrum,
the inadvertent effect would be to further encourage the continued
exploitation of easy prey.

57 It is clear that the law does not view an accused person’s financial plight
as a mitigating factor particularly where the offence was motivated by greed
and the lure of easy money. In _Zhao Zhipeng v Public Prosecutor_[2008] 4
SLR(R) 879, it was stated at [37] that:

Persons who act out of pure self-interest and greed will rarely be treated
with much sympathy; conversely, those who are motivated by fear will usually
be found to be less blameworthy.

58 In the present case, the respondent had consciously chosen to carry out
harassment by fire because this would allow him to earn $150 per unit,
compared with harassment using spray paint which would only earn him $60 per
unit.

59 As for the respondent’s submission that he was not a member of an illegal
unlicensed moneylending syndicate, this utterly misses the point because by
agreeing to be a runner and carrying out the offences on the instructions of
an unlicensed moneylender, he had become an integral part of the moneylending
ecosystem that has been characterised by Parliament as a syndicate.

60 Finally, he raised a most audacious point in mitigation. He claimed that
the doors to the HDB flats were incombustible and hence the fires would not
have hurt anyone. However, it cannot be ignored that it is quite common for
residents to place items such as shoe racks, empty boxes and other items which
are combustible outside the doors and along the corridors. The risk of such
items catching fire is both real and possible. In fact in the present case,
the fire did cause the electrical wiring and the ceiling lamp along the common
corridor to melt. In one case, the fire spread to an area which was close to
the gas supply pipes.

61 For the above reasons, I find that the respondent’s mitigation plea
disclosed no basis whatsoever for a lighter sentence in the present case.

Undue weight placed on the totality principle

62 I cannot agree with the District Judge’s decision to impose a lighter
sentence for each of the individual harassment by fire charges on the basis of
the totality principle. In this regard, I accept the Prosecution’s submission
that the imposition of low sentences for such charges would invariably have a
“downstream” effect on the sentences for non-fire with property damage cases.
In other words, the low sentence for fire with property damage cases would
push the sentences for non-fire cases downwards correspondingly. This would be
inconsistent with Parliament’s intent of taking a stronger stance on
harassment activities as exemplified in the 2010 amendments.

63 For example, if the sentence for each of the harassment by fire charges
were to remain at 12 months’ imprisonment with the mandatory minimum 3 strokes
of the cane, the sentence for non-fire with property damage cases under the
current Moneylenders Act should logically have to be less than 12 months’
imprisonment with the mandatory minimum 3 strokes of the cane. In other words,
the sentencing tariff for non-fire with property damage cases under the
present Moneylenders Act would not have increased from the previous
Moneylenders Act. Such a token increase in the sentencing tariff is unlikely
to have the deterrent effect that was envisaged by Parliament in enacting the
2010 amendments.

Mandatory caning should not affect custodial term

64 It also appears that the District Judge had taken into account the
mandatory caning of at least 3 strokes per charge for fire harassment cases in
arriving at the 12-month imprisonment term that was imposed on the respondent.

65 It might be argued that the custodial terms for harassment offences under
the current Moneylenders Act should be calibrated to reflect the fact that
there is a mandatory minimum of 3 strokes of the cane.

66 However, this could not have been Parliament’s intent in enacting the
current Moneylenders Act. Parliament’s intent was to take a harsher stance on
unlicensed moneylending and related offences because it was evident that the
previous penalties were not sufficiently effectual in reducing such crimes.

67 If the courts were to “soften” the custodial sentences under the current
Moneylenders Act to “offset” the caning imposed, the net deterrent effect
would not be as significant as intended. This would undermine the purpose of
enhancing the penalties as a deterrent against such offences.

68 Accordingly, I find that the present sentence of 12 months’ imprisonment
and 3 strokes of the cane per harassment charge would not adequately reflect
the heightened seriousness with which Parliament views such offences.

Conclusion

69 Taking into account all the above considerations, in particular the actual
damage caused by the fires and the potential risk to human life and safety, I
am of the view that it is sufficient to enhance the sentence for each of the
five harassment convictions before me to 18 months. The imprisonment sentences
for three of the harassment charges are to run consecutively, totalling 54
months’ imprisonment. These sentences reflect society’s particular opprobrium
of such offences which have a deep negative impact on public safety and
security. If the damage to the properties had been more serious, I would have
no hesitation in imposing a stiffer term of imprisonment. The imprisonment
sentences for the two remaining harassment charges and the charge for
assisting in the moneylending business as ordered below are to run
concurrently with the 54 months’ imprisonment sentence. There will be no
change to the 15 strokes of cane ordered below.

70 Accordingly, the total sentence for DAC 18860 of 2010, DAC 19746 to 19749
of 2010, and DAC 19751 of 2010 is therefore 54 months’ imprisonment and 15
strokes of the cane. As the offender has been in remand since 30 April 2010,
the sentence of imprisonment is to take effect from that date.

71 It leaves me to record my gratitude and appreciation to Mr Hay Hung Chun
and Ms Peggy Pao for their comprehensive and well-researched submissions which
provided considerable assistance to me in the drafting of this decision.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 16 Feb 2011 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

