Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Wang Yuming _v_ Public Prosecutor  
[2011] SGHC 59

Case Number| :| Magistrate's Appeal No 429 of 2010 (DAC 55049-73 of 2010)  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 15 March 2011  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Choo Han Teck J  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Loh Lin Kok (Loh Lin Kok) for the appellant; Charlene Tay
(Deputy Public Prosecutor) for the respondent.  
Parties| :|  Wang Yuming — Public Prosecutor  
  
15 March 2011| Judgment reserved.  
---|---  
  
Choo Han Teck J:

1 The appellant is a Singapore citizen. He became acquainted with one Wang
Yingde (“Wang”), the managing director of Shanghai Construction (Group)
General Company (“Shanghai Construction”), in 2003. He pleaded guilty to 25
charges in contravention of s 22(1)(d) read with s 23(1) of the Employment of
Foreign Workers Act (Cap 91A, 1997 Rev Ed) (“EFWA”). 75 other charges were
taken into consideration for the purposes of sentencing. He was convicted on
the 25 charges, sentenced to two months imprisonment on each charge and was
ordered to serve the first six sentences consecutively, thus making the total
term of imprisonment twelve months.

2 The details of the charges were set out in the Statement of Facts as follows
—

5 The accused abetted the said Wang Yingde by engaging in a conspiracy to
furnish information which is false in a material particular by providing the
CPF account details of the willing Singaporeans and Singapore Permanent
Residents who were freelance workers in his company to the said Wang Yingde to
contribute money into their CPF accounts even though these persons were not
employed by Shanghai Construction, so that the said Wang Yingde could direct
one Xu Hong (NRIC SXXXXXXXE) to certify in the applications made by Shanghai
Construction to the Controller for the worker passes (“Controller”) in the
name of the above mentioned foreign workers that the Shanghai Construction CPF
accounts (which is used by the Controller to determine the Shanghai
Construction’s local and foreign workforce entitlement) only included
contributions made to persons actively employed by Shanghai Construction. The
said declaration forms containing the said false statement were submitted to
[the Ministry of Manpower (“MOM”)]. Subsequently, the work permit applications
were approved and work permits were issued to the above said foreign workers
based on the false statements in the said declaration forms.

6 The accused used his company premises as a collection point to collect
personal information of the Singaporeans and Singapore Permanent Residents for
the said Wang Yingde. The accused helped the said Wang Yingde as he wanted to
maintain a good working relationship with him to continue obtaining
construction projects from him. Investigations have revealed that the accused
had provided the CPF account details of 56 Singaporeans and Singapore
Permanent Residents to the said Wang Yingde.

7 The accused was aware that the foreign workforce entitlement of Shanghai
Construction was computed based on the number of local workforce employed by
it. He was also aware that the number of local workforce was determined from
the CPF accounts of Shanghai Construction.

8 The declaration in clause 8 of the said declaration forms, that Shanghai
Construction’s CPF account only included CPF contributions made to persons
actively employed by it, was a material consideration in MOM’s decision to
grant work permits to the said foreign workers. The Work Pass Division (WPD)
of the MOM had confirmed that had they known at the time of the aforesaid
applications that not all of the local workers receiving CPF contributions
from the Shanghai Construction were actively employed by Shanghai
Construction, WPD would not have approved the work permit applications.
Further, WPD has also confirmed that the applications relating to the above
proceeded charges would not have been approved as the Shanghai Construction
did not have sufficient foreign worker entitlement based on its genuine local
workforce.

3 Counsel for the appellant, Mr Loh Lin Kok, submitted that the sentences were
individually harsh because the trial judge had meted out the sentences under
the Employment of Foreign Manpower Act (Cap 91A) (“EFMA”) which came into
effect on 1 July 2007, replacing the EFWA. Yet, the appellant had been charged
under the EFWA. It is not clear if the reference in the grounds below was a
typographical error but I would give the benefit of the doubt to the
appellant, without criticism of the judge, and review the appropriateness of
the sentences on the basis of the EFWA. With regard to the offences in
question, the EFMA increased the punishment from $5,000 to $15,000 and
imprisonment from six months to twelve months.

4 Furthermore, counsel submitted that on the principle of the one-transaction
rule, the total term of imprisonment was excessive. The prosecution submitted
that the offences took place on four different dates and were therefore
distinct offences. The dates in question were 24 and 31 January 2007 and, 1
and 2 February 2007. However, the charges taken into consideration for
sentencing concerned offences committed in March and April 2007. The criminal
activity, not the act, was thus carried out over a period of about three
months. The one-transaction principle is thus not relevant but, in view of the
nature of the appellant’s involvement in the offences, the totality principle
remains relevant. The individual sentences of two months, even under the EFWA,
were not manifestly excessive, but they must be considered in totality.

5 I am also of the view that while the court is at liberty to impose more than
two consecutive sentences and may do so in order to apply the totality
principle, given the facts of this case and taking his antecedent into
account, the appellant should be given only four consecutive sentences. The
total term of imprisonment will therefore be eight months.

6 For the above reasons the sentence of imprisonment was varied from a total
of twelve months to eight with effect from 15 April 2011.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 15 Mar 2011 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

