Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  APK _v_ APL  
[2011] SGHC 66

Case Number| :| DT No 765 of 2008 (Summons No 687 of 2010)  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 25 March 2011  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Kan Ting Chiu J  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Peter Ezekiel (Peter Ezekiel & Co) for the applicant; Yeo
Khee Chye Raymond (Raymond Yeo) for the respondent.  
Parties| :|  APK — APL  
  
25 March 2011|  
---|---  
  
Kan Ting Chiu J:

1 This is an application for the extension of time to file a Notice of Appeal
against an order made in the course of divorce proceedings. The applicant is
the husband/defendant (“the Defendant”) in the divorce proceedings brought by
the plaintiff/wife (“the Plaintiff”). Interim judgment has been entered, and
orders on the ancillary matters, in particular the custody, care and control
of the children of the marriage and the division of matrimonial property have
been made, followed by the final judgment. The Defendant wished to appeal
against the orders on the ancillary matters made on 12 August 2009 (“the
ancillary orders”), and therefore made this application for an extension of
time to file the Notice of Appeal. I dismissed the application, and the
Defendant is appealing against my order.

Chronology of developments

2.1 19 February 2008 – The divorce proceedings were commenced.

2.2 15 August 2008 – Interim judgment was entered (the Defendant did not
contest the writ.)

2.3 21 January 2009 – The Plaintiff’s Affidavit of Assets and Means was served
on the Defendant’s solicitors in Malaysia, Chong & Poh. (The Defendant was
informed that he was to file his Affidavit of Assets and Means.)

2.4 12 August 2009 – Justice Tan Lee Meng made orders on the ancillary matters
(“the ancillary orders”) in the absence of the Defendant who had also not
filed his Affidavit of Assets and Means.

2.5 2 September 2009 – Final judgment was entered.

2.6 12 February 2010 – The Defendant applied for extension of time to appeal
against the ancillary orders of 12 August 2009. The application included a
second prayer which the Defendant did not pursue.

The ancillary matters

3 In the Plaintiff’s Affidavit of Assets and Means she had stated that she was
seeking: an order on the custody, care and control of two of the children of
the marriage, B and C and an order for the transfer of a property in Singapore
registered in the joint names of the Plaintiff and the Defendant (“the
Property”) to her.

4 By a letter of 17 June 2008, Chong & Poh informed the Plaintiff’s solicitors
that:

i)Our client is agreeable to the divorce;

ii)Custody care and control of the two (2) children [B and C] to be given to
the petitioner wife with reasonable visiting rights to our client;

iii)All properties located either in Singapore or Malaysia is to be sold and
the proceeds to be divided equally;

5 Subsequently, Chong & Poh ceased to act for the Defendant after they
informed the Plaintiff’s solicitors that they did not have the Defendant’s
instructions or _locus standi_ to appear in court on his behalf on the hearing
of the ancillary matters, and that they had informed him to attend in
person.[note: 1] The Defendant did not appoint other solicitors to act for
him.

6 Consequent to Chong & Poh’s response, the Plaintiff’s solicitors
corresponded with the Defendant at his address in Ipoh. After the ancillary
orders were made, the Plaintiff’s solicitors sent a copy of the orders to the
Defendant on 25 August 2009.

The Order of Court of 12 August 2009

7 The ancillary orders were:

(1)Custody care and control of the 2 minor children, namely, B and C to the
Wife with reasonable access to the Husband;

(2)[The Property] be transferred to the Wife free of any consideration;

(3)The Wife gives up any right to any property in Malaysia now in the
Husband’s name or in the joint names of the Husband and the wife;

(4)The Registrar of the High Court is empowered to sign the transfer documents
on behalf of the Husband to effect the transfer of the abovementioned property
to the Wife;

(5)In view of the transfer of the Husband’s share of the abovementioned
apartment to the Wife, the Wife gives up her right to claim maintenance for
herself;

(6)The Wife’s right to ask for maintenance for the children be reserved;

(7)Costs of the Divorce proceedings to be paid by the Husband;

(8)Liberty to apply.

(The Property was subsequently transferred to the Plaintiff’s sole name on 23
October 2009.)

8 The Defendant eventually took action in the proceedings. On 11 November 2009
he wrote and informed the Registrar of the Supreme Court (the “Registrar”)
that he did not agree with the ancillary orders. A reply from the Registrar
dated 17 November 2009 was sent informing him _inter alia_ that:

2\. The contents of your letter is noted. If a litigant is not satisfied with
the decision of the Court, the proper channel is to appeal against the
judicial decision to the Court of appeal.

3\. In the meantime, please seek legal advice from a practicing counsel on
your legal recourse.

The application

9 This application for the extension of time to file a notice of appeal was
filed on 12 February 2010 supported by an affidavit of the Defendant of the
same date. In the affidavit, the Defendant deposed that:

(a) upon being served the divorce papers on or about 6 May 2008, he engaged
Chong & Poh to act on his behalf;

(b) he informed his solicitors that he did not agree with the Plaintiff’s
proposals on the ancillary matters, especially the division of the matrimonial
assets, and he wished to be heard on the matters;

(c) his solicitors did not update him on the progress of the case because
while they may have tried to keep him informed by mail, he was travelling, and
did not open his mail box, and his solicitors did not contact him by
telephone, and that lead to his not being represented at the hearing on the
ancillary matters;

(d) he became aware of the ancillary orders when he opened his mail box on 6
November 2009 and found the copy of the Order of Court of 12 August 2009 and

11.It was at this point that I sought the advise of friends who then advised
me to engage a Singapore solicitor to try to set aside the Order obtained a
[_sic_] apply for a fresh hearing date so that the [_sic_] I would have a
chance to present my evidence and my side of the story. I could only engage a
Singapore solicitor in late December 2009 as I did not have sufficient funds
in November 2009 and some of the solicitors that I had earlier approached were
reluctant to take on my case.

12.I then engaged a Singapore lawfirm, M/s Peter Ezekiel & Co sometime in mid
December 2009, who then advised me that as the time for Appeal against the
Order of Court has lapsed the [_sic_] I would be required to file Summons
supported by an Affidavit to apply for leave to file my Notice Appeal out of
time and therefore I am now doing so.

It is to be noted that:

(a) he made no reference to his letter of 11 November 2009 and the Registrar’s
reply of 17 November 2009, and

(b) he was inconsistent over the time he engaged his Singapore solicitor.

The application and the contended merits of the ancillary orders

10 The Defendant did not take issue with the validity of the ancillary orders.
He did not dispute that the orders could be made in his absence and without
any evidence from him. The grounds for the application were set out in his
affidavit filed in support of the application.

11 With regard to the order on the custody, care and control of the children,
the Defendant deposed:

14\. I aver that my appeal to be allowed to have joint custody, with care and
control to the Defendant with reasonable access of the two minor children of
the marriage is not unreasonable and disruptive to lives of the said children.

(This was at odds with his solicitors’ letter of 17 June 2008 (see [4]
_supra_.) Order (1) of the ancillary orders reflected exactly what he had
wanted.)

12 With regard to the order on the Property, he deposed:

I verily believe that the Learned Justice Tan made such an Order because I did
not present my evidence and my version of facts so that he could make an
informed decision ...

The delay

13 Under O 57 r 4(a) of the Rules of Court (Cap 322, R5, 2006 Rev Ed), the
Defendant had one month from the date when the orders were pronounced or when
he first had notice of the orders to appeal against them. That means that if
he was aware of the orders when they were made, time will run from the date of
the orders, but if he was not aware of the orders when they were made, time
will run from the date when he had notice of them.

14 By his admission, the Defendant had notice of the ancillary orders on 6
November 2009. On that basis, he had up to 6 December 2009 to appeal, but he
did not do that although he was informed by the Registrar that he should
appeal if he was not satisfied with the orders.

15 He was also advised by his Singapore solicitor in December 2009 that the
time for appealing had lapsed and he had to apply for leave to appeal out of
time. It is reasonable to infer that the solicitor must have also warned him
that he should proceed with his intended appeal without further delay.
Nevertheless, he did not file his application till 12 February 2010, more than
two months after the time for appealing.

The law

16 The principles which apply to applications for extension of time in appeals
are well established. They have been set out in several cases, and it suffices
to refer to the decision of the Court of Appeal in _AD v AE_ [2004] 2 SLR(R)
505 which dealt with an application to serve a Notice of Appeal out of time.
The Court held that such an application was to be dealt with on the same basis
as an application to extend time to file a notice of appeal, and went on to
state that it is settled law that in determining whether to grant an extension
of time, four factors are to be considered:

(a) the length of the delay;

(b) the reason for the delay;

(c) the chances of success of the appeal;

(d) the prejudice to the potential respondent.

17 In that case, a delay of 49 days was held to be “(b)y any standard ... very
substantial”. The Court also held that the delay in that case, which was
caused by the inadvertence of solicitors, “could hardly be a sufficient
reason” for obtaining an extension of time. On the third factor, the Court
found that it could not be said that the appeal if allowed to proceed would be
hopeless. On the last factor, the Court found that there would be no prejudice
to the respondent if the application was granted. Against the background of
those findings, the Court set aside an order which extended time for the
service of the notice of appeal.

18 When the present application is examined, the following facts emerge:

(a) the period of delay or more than two months is substantial;

(b) the causes of the delay, _ie_ , that he did not read his mail, that he did
not maintain effective communication with his solicitors and that he did not
have sufficient funds, were matters of his own making;

(c) the chances of success of the intended appeal are low, because:

(i) the order on custody, care and control was identical to the arrangement
that the Defendant had wanted;

(ii) as no evidence was put forward by the Defendant at the hearing on the
division of the matrimonial assets, the facts that the Defendant set out in
his affidavit in support of his present application are very unlikely to be
admissible under the test laid down in _Ladd v Marshall_ [1954] 1 WLR 1489 and
applied in applications to admit new evidence in appeals to the Court of
Appeal, _ie_ , that the evidence could not have been obtained with reasonable
diligence at the hearing; that the evidence must be such that if given, would
probably have an important influence on the result of the case, though it need
not be decisive; and that the evidence is apparently credible. The Defendant
would have difficulties with the first requirement.

(d) the Plaintiff would suffer some prejudice if the appeal is allowed to
proceed because she had enforced the order on the transfer of the Property and
had incurred costs and expenses to have the Property transferred to her name
on 23 October 2009. While the prejudice can be redressed with the
reimbursement of the costs and expenses, the Defendant has not given any
assurance that he is able and ready to reimburse to the Plaintiff those costs
and expenses.

19 Upon reviewing the application against the evidence and the legal
requirements that the Defendant had to satisfy, I found that he had not put up
a sufficient case for time to be extended for him to file a notice of appeal
against the ancillary orders.

* * *

[note: 1]Chong & Poh’s letters dated 19 February 2009, 7 April 2009 and 21 May
2009

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 25 Mar 2011 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

