Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Thomson Rubbers (India) Pte Ltd _v_ Tan Ai Hock  
[2011] SGHC 256

Case Number| :| Suit No 228 of 2011(Registrar's Appeal No 259 of 2011)  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 29 November 2011  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Lai Siu Chiu J  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Low Chai Chong - counsel instructed (Rodyk & Davidson
LLP) and Wu Yu Liang (Wu LLC) for the plaintiff; Chenthil Kumarasingam
(Lawrence Quahe & Woo LLC) for the defendant.  
Parties| :|  Thomson Rubbers (India) Pte Ltd — Tan Ai Hock  
  
29 November 2011|  
---|---  
  
Lai Siu Chiu J:

1 This was an appeal by Thomson Rubbers (India) Private Limited (“the
plaintiff”) in Registrar’s Appeal No 259 of 2011 (“the Appeal”) against the
decision of the Assistant Registrar in granting Tan Ai Hock (“the defendant”)
unconditional leave to defend the plaintiff’s claim instead of awarding the
plaintiff summary judgment in the sums of S$709,065 and S$616,698 (“the two
sums”). I allowed the Appeal, reversed the decision of the court below and
granted summary judgment to the plaintiff on its claim. As the defendant has
appealed (in Civil Appeal No 116 of 2011) against my decision, I now set out
the grounds for my decision.

The facts

2 The plaintiff commenced this suit claiming the aforementioned two sums which
were the subject of two cheques issued to the plaintiff by the defendant that
were dishonoured upon presentation.

3 The defendant was a shareholder and director of a company called Third Wind
Rubber Pte Ltd (“Third Wind”). The defendant’s wife, Tan Heok Tze (“Mdm Tan”),
was the only other shareholder of Third Wind. The plaintiff entered into three
contracts (“the Thomson Rubbers Contracts”) with Third Wind on 18 August 2010,
25 August 2010 and 7 September 2010. Pursuant to the Thomson Rubbers
Contracts, Third Wind was to supply a total of 504 metric tonnes (“MT”) of
natural rubber to the plaintiff between September 2010 and October 2010. The
plaintiff intended to use the 504 MT of natural rubber, supplied by Third
Wind, to fulfil obligations to its own customers. An advance payment of
US$559,641.60 (“the advance payment”) was to be paid by the plaintiff to the
defendant under the Thomson Rubbers Contracts, and was paid.

4 The supply of natural rubber which Third Wind intended to rely upon to
fulfil its obligation under the Thomson Rubber Contracts was to be provided by
an Indonesian company called PT Mas Mulia Crumb Rubber Factory (“PT Mas
Mulia”). Pursuant to contracts entered into between Third Wind and PT Mas
Mulia, the latter was to supply 504 MT of natural rubber to Third Wind by
October 2010. However, according to the defendant, PT Mas Mulia failed to make
good its end of the bargain and did not deliver the shipment of 504 MT of
natural rubber. As a consequence, Third Wind was unable to perform the Thomson
Rubbers Contracts.

5 In an attempt to resolve matters amicably, the defendant met with an agent
of the plaintiff, one Le Thi Bich Tram (“Miss Anna”), on 2 December 2010 in Ho
Chi Minh City, Vietnam, at Miss Anna’s office. At this meeting, the defendant
signed a letter of undertaking and a settlement agreement. Pursuant to the
letter of undertaking, in consideration for the plaintiff’s forbearance in
commencing legal proceedings against Third Wind, the defendant undertook to
repay the plaintiff the advance payment plus damages. The parties agreed upon
an exchange rate, and the sum payable pursuant to the letter of undertaking
was US$559,641.60 (equivalent to S$709,065). The settlement agreement detailed
the damages suffered by the plaintiff arising from the defendant’s breach of
the Thomson Rubber Contracts, and quantified the same at US$483,305.74 or
S$616,698.

6 Upon his return to Singapore on the same day, the defendant issued to the
plaintiff two cheques, No 543714 for the sum of S$709,065 and No 543715 for
the sum of S$616,698 (hereinafter referred to collectively as “the two
cheques”), both drawn upon the bank POSB in Singapore. The two cheques were
post-dated to 20 December 2010 and 28 February 2011 respectively. However,
when the two cheques were presented for payment by the plaintiff, they were
dishonoured. Despite due notices of dishonour from the plaintiff’s solicitors,
the defendant did not pay the sums in the two cheques.

The plaintiff’s case

7 The plaintiff’s case was founded on the Bills of Exchange Act (Cap 23, 2004
Rev Ed) (“the Act”). Section 73(1) of the Act defines a cheque to be “a bill
of exchange drawn on a bank payable on demand”. It is incontestable that the
two cheques fall within this definition. Section 47 of the Act defines
dishonour of bills and prescribes consequences of such dishonour:

**Dishonour by non-payment**

47**.** —(1) A bill is dishonoured by non-payment —

(a) when it is duly presented for payment and payment is refused or cannot be
obtained; or

(b) when presentment is excused and the bill is overdue and unpaid.

(2) Subject to the provisions of this Act, when a bill is dishonoured by non-
payment, an immediate right of recourse against the drawer and indorsers
accrues to the holder.

8 Upon dishonour of a bill, the holder is entitled to recover damages
quantified in accordance with s 57 of the Act:

**Measure of damages against parties to dishonoured bill**

57\. Where a bill is dishonoured, the measure of damages, which shall be
deemed to be a liquidated amount, shall be as follows:

(a) the holder may recover from any party liable on the bill, and the drawer
who has been compelled to pay the bill may recover from the acceptor, and an
indorser who has been compelled to pay the bill may recover from the acceptor
or from the drawer, or from a prior indorser…

(i) the amount of the bill;

(ii) interest thereon from the time of presentment for payment if the bill is
payable on demand, and from the maturity of the bill in any other case;

(iii) the expenses of noting, or, when protest is necessary, and the protest
has been extended, the expenses of protest;

(b) where by this Act interest may be recovered as damages, such interest may,
if justice requires it, be withheld wholly or in part, and where a bill is
expressed to be payable with interest at a given rate, interest as damages may
or may not be given at the same rate as interest proper.

The law on summary judgment

9 Before I address the defendant’s purported defences to the plaintiff’s
claim, it is apposite to first consider the law on summary judgment
applications under O 14 of the Rules of Court (Cap 322, R 5, 2006 Rev Ed)
(“Rules of Court”). It is trite law that in order to obtain summary judgment,
a plaintiff must demonstrate that he has a _prima facie_ case. Upon doing so,
the burden shifts to the defendant to establish a fair or reasonable
probability that he has a bona fide defence in order to obtain leave to defend
the claim: _Associated Development Pte Ltd v Loong_ _Sie_ _Kiong Gerald
(administrator of the estate of Chow Cho_ _Poon, deceased) and other suits_
[2009] 4 SLR(R) 389 at [22].

10 In _Goh_ _Chok Tong v Chee Soon_ Juan [2003] 3 SLR(R) 32 (“ _Goh_ _Chok
Tong_ ”), the Court of Appeal made it clear that leave to defend will not be
granted based upon “mere assertions” by defendants (at [25]):

It is a settled principle of law that in an application for summary judgment,
the defendant will not be given leave to defend based on mere assertions
alone: _Banque de Paris et des Pays-Bas (Suisse) SA v Costa de Naray and
Christopher John Walters_ [1984] 1 Lloyd's Rep 21 at 23. The court must be
convinced that there is a reasonable probability that the defendant has a real
or _bona fide_ defence in relation to the issues. In this regard, the standard
to be applied was well-articulated by Laddie J in _Microsoft Corporation v
Electro-Wide Limited_ [1997] FSR 580, where he said at 593 to 594 that:

[I]t is not sufficient just to look at each factual issue one by one and to
consider whether it is possible that the defendant's story in relation to that
issue is credible. The court must look at the complete account of events put
forward by both the plaintiff and the defendants and ... look at the whole
situation. The mere fact that the defendants support their defence by sworn
evidence does not mean that the court is obliged to suspend its critical
faculties and accept that evidence as if it was probably accurate. If, having
regard to inconsistency with contemporaneous documents, inherent
implausibility and other compelling evidence, the defence is not credible, the
court must say so. It should not let the filing of evidence which surpasses
belief deprive a plaintiff of its entitlement to relief.

11 In respect of applications for summary judgment pertaining to dishonoured
cheques specifically, the authors of _Chalmers and Guest on Bills of Exchange,
Cheques and Promissory Notes_ (Sweet & Maxwell, 17th Ed, 2009) (“ _Chalmers
and Guest on Bills of Exchange, Cheques and Promissory Notes_ ”) opined (at p
235, para 4-010):

...Where an application is made by a claimant for summary judgment against a
defendant in respect of a claim on a bill of exchange, cheque or promissory
note, the general rule is that the court will give summary judgment for the
claimant save in exceptional circumstances.

12 With the relevant principles in mind, I turn now to the defences raised by
the defendant in the court below and in his pleadings.

The defences

Duress

13 The defendant first alleged that the cheques were issued as a result of
duress by the plaintiff and its representatives. The details of the purported
duress, as set out in the defendant’s affidavits were as follows. On 16
October 2010, Miss Anna allegedly went to the defendant’s home in the latter’s
absence. On this occasion, Miss Anna supposedly “verbally abused” the
defendant’s daughter and threatened to cause the defendant to be arrested.

14 The defendant further deposed that Miss Anna and Mannamplackal Thomas
Thomas (“Thomas”), the managing director of the plaintiff visited the
defendant’s home in his absence on several occasions in October and November
2010. During those visits, Miss Anna and Thomas allegedly threatened and
scolded Mdm Tan as well as the defendant’s daughter. In addition, Miss Anna
and Thomas allegedly threatened to hold Mdm Tan personally liable to the
plaintiff.

15 The defendant also alleged that Miss Anna had, over the course of several
telephone calls with Mdm Tan in October and November 2010, threatened to harm
the defendant and his family unless the plaintiff received payment.

16 The final act of duress, prior to issuance of the two cheques, alleged by
the defendant supposedly occurred during the meeting on 2 December 2010 (at
[5] above). The defendant alleged that during the meeting, he saw three men
standing outside Miss Anna’s office. The three men supposedly stared at the
defendant throughout the meeting, thereby causing the defendant to sign the
letter of undertaking and the settlement agreement out of fear.

17 Would the defendant’s allegations of duress (at [13] – [16] above) justify
the granting of leave to defend the plaintiff’s claim? In _Goh_ _Chok Tong_ ,
the Court of Appeal emphasised the need for a defendant to particularise
defences in order for courts to determine whether a real or _bona fide_
defence exists. Significantly, and most relevantly to the present proceedings,
the Court of Appeal discussed the need for a defence of duress to be pleaded
with specificity (at [29]):

There was no merit to this argument. Without sufficient particulars, the court
would be unable to assess if the defendant has a real or _bona fide_ defence.
The law requires a defence of duress to be specifically and carefully pleaded,
regardless of whether the plaintiff makes a demand for particulars. Order 18 r
8 of the Rules of Court (Cap 322, R 5, 1997 Rev Ed) expressly states that:

(1)  _A party must in any pleading subsequent to a statement of claim plead
specifically any matter_ , for example, performance, release, any relevant
statute of limitation, fraud or any fact showing illegality -

(a) which he alleges makes any claim or defence of the opposite party not
maintainable;

(b) which, if not specifically pleaded, might take the opposite party by
surprise; or

(c) which raises issues of fact not arising out of the preceding pleading.

[emphasis added]

The commentary on this provision is set out at para 18/8/12 of _The Supreme
Court Practice 1999, Vol 1_ (London, 1998) as follows:

_Duress_ \- A claim or defence raising duress must be specifically and
carefully pleaded. It should contain full particulars of the facts and
circumstances relied upon as to where, when, by whom and over whom and in what
way such duress was exercised...

18 Other than the requirement of specificity in pleading a defence of duress,
the defendant is further subject to the requirement in O 14 r 2(8) of the
Rules of Court that affidavits filed in support of his defence must contain
sufficient evidence necessary to oppose the plaintiff’s claim. O 14 r 2(8) of
the Rules of Court reads:

An affidavit or affidavits for the purpose of this Rule must contain all
necessary evidence in support of or in opposition (as the case may be) to the
claim...

19 I should point out that Miss Anna and Thomas filed affidavits that
categorically denied the defendant’s allegations (at [13] – [16] above).
Notwithstanding the diametrically opposite positions adopted by the parties, I
found the defendant’s allegations of duress to be seriously wanting for the
following reasons. First, the defendant alleged that various threats were made
to Mdm Tan and his daughter. Indeed, those threats purportedly constituted the
gravamen of the duress exercised upon the defendant. Yet, the defendant failed
to file any affidavits from Mdm Tan or his daughter to corroborate his
allegation. In fact, the affidavits filed by the defendant did not even
indicate the name and age of his daughter. As a result, his allegations _vis-
à-vis_ the threats made against Mdm Tan and his daughter were unsubstantiated.
Second, I considered the defendant’s conduct on his own evidence to be wholly
inconsistent with that of a person under duress. The defendant and his family
had purportedly been threatened on many occasions in October and November
2010. Instead of seeking police assistance, the defendant saw it fit to leave
Singapore and visit the plaintiff’s office in Vietnam in December 2010. It is
unimaginable that a person who is in fear would have acted as the defendant
did. Third, the defendant’s allegation of having been coerced into signing the
letter of undertaking and settlement agreement did not impact upon the
voluntary issuance of the two cheques. This was because the defendant issued
the two cheques only upon his return to Singapore when there was no longer any
operative duress if indeed it existed in the first place.

The cheques were issued without consideration

20 The defendant then claimed that a triable issue arose in respect of whether
the plaintiff furnished adequate consideration for the two cheques. The
defendant framed the issue as whether “the plaintiff’s alleged forbearance
from suing Third Wind [was] sufficient consideration in light of the
undisputed fact that Third Wind was set up to protect the defendant and his
wife from the economic risks of trading rubber”. This argument was completely
devoid of merit and can be dealt with summarily by referring to _Chalmers and
Guest on Bills of Exchange, Cheques and Promissory Notes_ (at p 248 at para
4-021):

By way of introduction it should be recalled that, as a general rule in the
law of contract, the mere existence of an antecedent debt due from the
promisor to the promisee is no consideration for a promise since it amounts
only to past consideration. _However, if the creditor (the promisee) in return
for the promise agrees to forbear to enforce his claim to the debt, even
temporarily, then there is consideration and the promise is binding_.

[emphasis added]

21 The letter of undertaking clearly stated that the defendant acknowledged
receipt of the advance payment as well as Third Wind’s failure to perform its
obligations under the Thomson Rubber Contracts. Crucially, clause 5 of the
letter of undertaking read:

In consideration of [the plaintiff’s] forbearance in commencing legal
proceedings against Third Wind [the defendant] undertake[s] to pay [the
plaintiff] the sum of US$559,641.60 plus damages.

22 It is clear, that the defendant’s argument in respect of sufficiency of
consideration failed _in limine_.

The cheques were issued with an express condition

23 The defendant’s final argument was that the cheques were issued to the
plaintiff with the express condition that the latter was to give notice to the
defendant prior to presenting the two cheques for payment. This allegation was
denied by the plaintiff. The defendant’s argument failed _in limine_ in the
light of s 3 of the Act which expressly defines a bill of exchange as an “
_unconditional_ order in writing” [emphasis added]. The requirement for a bill
of exchange to be unconditional was succinctly stated in _Carlos v Fancourt_
(1794) 5 T.R 482, 485, 487 which was quoted in _Chalmers and Guest on Bills of
Exchange, Cheques and Promissory Notes_ (at p 25 at para 2-009):

The reason is (and it is equally applicable to all negotiable instruments)
that it would greatly perplex the commercial transactions of mankind, and
diminish and narrow their credit, circulation, and negotiability, if paper
securities of this kind were issued out into the world encumbered with
conditions and contingencies, and if the persons, to whom they were offered in
negotiation, were obliged to enquire, when those uncertain events would
probably be reduced to a certainty. And hence, the general rule is, that a
Bill of Exchange always implies a personal general credit, not limited or
applicable to particular circumstances and events, which cannot be known to
the Holder of the Bill, in the general course of its negotiation”.

Conclusion

24 In the final analysis, the defendant had failed to demonstrate that he had
a real or _bona fide_ defence to the plaintiff’s claim on two dishonoured
cheques. Consequently, I allowed the Appeal and entered final judgment for the
plaintiff on the two cheques in the sums of S$709,065 and S$616,698 with
interest and costs.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 29 Nov 2011 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

