Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  E C Investment Holding Pte Ltd _v_ Ridout Residence Pte Ltd and others and
another appeal  
[2011] SGCA 50

Case Number| :| Civil Appeals Nos 177 and 184 of 2010  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 28 September 2011  
Tribunal/Court| :| Court of Appeal  
Coram| :|  Chao Hick Tin JA; Andrew Phang Boon Leong JA; V K Rajah JA  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Lee Eng Beng SC, Disa Sim and Jonathan Lee (Rajah & Tann
LLP) for the appellant in Civil Appeal No 177 of 2010 and the first respondent
in Civil Appeal No 184 of 2010; Tan Cheng Han SC, P Balachandran and Kenneth
See (Robert Wang & Woo LLC) for the first respondent in Civil Appeal No 177 of
2010 and the appellant in Civil Appeal No 184 of 2010; Phua Siow Choon
(Michael BB Ong & Co) for the second respondent in Civil Appeals Nos 177 and
184 of 2010; Kelvin Tan Teck San and Denise Ng (Drew & Napier LLC) for the
third respondent in Civil Appeals Nos 177 and 184 of 2010; Alvin Yeo SC,
Melvin Lum, Daniel Tan and Chan Xiao Wei (WongPartnership LLP) for the fourth
respondent in Civil Appeals Nos 177 and 184 of 2010.  
Parties| :|  E C Investment Holding Pte Ltd — Ridout Residence Pte Ltd and
others  
  
[LawNet Editorial Note: The decision from which this appeal arose is reported
at [2011] 2 SLR 232.]

28 September 2011| Judgment reserved.  
---|---  
  
Chao Hick Tin JA (delivering the judgment of the court):

Introduction

1 Before us are two appeals, Civil Appeal No 177 of 2010 (“CA 177”) and Civil
Appeal No 184 of 2010 (“CA 184”) (collectively, “the present appeals”). CA 177
is an appeal by E C Investment Holding Pte Ltd (“ECI”) against the decision of
the High Court judge (“the Judge”) in _E C Investment Holding Pte Ltd v Ridout
Residence Pte Ltd and another (Orion Oil Ltd and another, interveners)_ [2011]
2 SLR 232 (“the Judgment”), where the Judge dismissed ECI’s application in
Originating Summons No 1357 of 2009 (“OS 1357”) for, in the main, specific
performance of an agreement for the sale of 39A Ridout Road, Singapore 248438
(“the Property”) to it at the price of $20m. CA 184 is an appeal by Ridout
Residence Pte Ltd (“Ridout”) against, essentially, the Judge’s refusal,
following his dismissal of ECI’s claim, to award damages for consequential
losses suffered by Ridout. ECI (the appellant in CA 177) is the first
respondent in CA 184, while Ridout (the appellant in CA 184) is the first
respondent in CA 177.

2 The other parties to the present appeals are:

(a) the second respondent in both appeals, Hong Leong Finance Limited (“HLF”),
which is the registered mortgagee of the Property;

(b) the third respondent in both appeals, Orion Oil Limited (“Orion”), which
had granted a $10m loan to Anwar secured by a charge registered against Ridout
in respect of the remainder of the proceeds of sale of the Property after
satisfaction of HLF’s prior interest; and

(c) the fourth respondent in both appeals, Mr Thomas Chan Ho Lam (“Thomas
Chan”), who was granted an option by Ridout to purchase the Property at the
price of $37m after ECI had exercised its earlier option to purchase the
Property at the price of $20m.

The material facts

The circumstances in which ECI came to be interested in the Property

3 In 2006, the Property, which has a land area of about 40,600 sq ft, was
purchased by Ridout for $28m. Ridout held the Property on trust for its sole
shareholder and director, one Mr Angus Anwar (“Anwar”). To effect the
purchase, Anwar used $17m out of a total loan of $30m from HLF secured by a
mortgage over the Property. In 2008, Anwar obtained a further loan of $10m
from Orion secured by a charge registered against Ridout in respect of the
balance of the proceeds of sale of the Property, _ie_ , subject to the prior
claim of HLF.

4 Between March and May 2009, HLF pressed Anwar for repayment to reduce the
loan. In an attempt to stave off a mortgagee’s sale of the Property, Anwar
made partial repayment of around $2m to HLF. In May 2009, HLF sought further
repayment from Anwar so as to reduce the then outstanding loan of
approximately $19.6m to $18m. Anwar then tried to obtain loans from friends
and personal contacts. At the time, Anwar obtained a valuation of the Property
from Colliers International Consultancy & Valuation (Singapore) Pte Ltd dated
15 April 2009 (“the Colliers Report”), which gave the Property an open market
value of $29m and a forced sale value of $23.2m.

5 Among the people whom Anwar contacted was one Mr Ivan Lim, who was given a
copy of the Colliers Report. Ivan Lim in turn approached, _inter alia_ , one
Mr Lim Swee Hoe (“SH Lim”), who was a director of SHL Realty Pte Ltd and who
was shown the Colliers Report. We should at this juncture note that of the
people whom Ivan Lim approached, none was interested in giving a loan to
Anwar, although some were open to the idea of buying over the Property. SH Lim
then approached one Mr Tan Koo Chuan (“KC Tan”) and one Mr Melvin Poh (“Poh”),
who were the shareholders and directors of ECI. SH Lim showed KC Tan and Poh
the Colliers Report. As ECI is a property developer, KC Tan and Poh were not
interested in granting a loan. However, SH Lim also told KC Tan and Poh that
Anwar (acting through Ridout) was prepared to sell the Property, but that the
buyer must be willing to pay $2m upfront. To that, KC Tan and Poh indicated
their interest.

The preparatory work for the transaction relating to the Property

6 As a result, ECI engaged Mr Lee Chow Soon (“CS Lee”) of M/s Tan Lee &
Partners (“TLP”) and Ridout instructed Mr Low Yew Shen (“YS Low”) of Ng Chong
& Hue LLC (“NCH”) to prepare the documentation to effect the transaction
between ECI and Ridout (“the Transaction”). On 2 June 2009, YS Low sent CS Lee
an e-mail headed “Sale and Purchase of Ridout Road (Subject to
Contract)”[note: 1] forwarding a statement of accounts showing the outstanding
amount owed by Anwar to HLF as at 31 May 2009. On 3 June 2009, CS Lee
responded enclosing a draft option to purchase (“the Draft Option”) as well as
a draft deed of settlement (“the Draft Deed”) for YS Low’s comments. The Draft
Option stipulated a purchase price of $20m for the Property and an option fee
of $2m. As for the Draft Deed, it provided, in essence, that “within 60 days
from today”,[note: 2] the seller (_ie_ , Ridout) had the right to cancel the
option granted to the purchaser (_ie_ , ECI) by refunding the option fee of
$2m plus making an additional lump sum payment of $250,000 – _ie_ , by paying
a total sum of $2.25m to ECI – by way of a cashier’s order. On 4 June 2009, YS
Low responded with the comment that “the drafts [were] subject to any further
changes [his] clients [might] wish to make”.[note: 3]

The meeting on 5 June 2009

7 On 5 June 2009, a meeting attended by KC Tan, Poh, Anwar, YS Low, CS Lee,
one George Samuel Panthradil (“Panthradil”), the chief financial officer of
another company owned by Anwar, and SH Lim was held at TLP’s office. At this
meeting (“the 5 June 2009 meeting”), CS Lee produced a litigation search done
on Anwar on the same day (_ie_ , on 5 June 2009) which showed numerous actions
against the latter. CS Lee, KC Tan and Poh said that in view of the litigation
search, there was a significant credit risk for ECI in going ahead with the
Transaction. There was then a separate breakout meeting between KC Tan, Poh
and Anwar, at which KC Tan and Poh told Anwar that they were willing to pay
only $1.5m as the option fee, instead of $2m as stated in the Draft Option.
Faced with those circumstances, Anwar agreed to reduce the option fee to
$1.5m.

8 The outcome of the 5 June 2009 meeting was that Ridout granted an option
dated 5 June 2009 to ECI to purchase the Property at the price of $20m in
consideration of an option fee of $1.5m (“the First Option”). A deed of
settlement between ECI and Ridout (“the Deed of Settlement”) was also executed
on 5 June 2009, but it was post-dated to 8 June 2009. Under the terms of the
Deed of Settlement, Ridout had the right, “within 60 days from today”,[note:
4] to cancel the First Option by refunding the option fee of $1.5m and paying
an additional sum of $180,000 (“the $180,000 compensation fee”) to “compensate
[ECI]”[note: 5] – _ie_ , by paying an aggregate amount of $1.68m (“the
$1.68m”) to ECI – by way of a cashier’s order. If this right of cancellation
was not exercised by Ridout within the stipulated 60-day period (“the 60-Day
Period”), ECI would be entitled to exercise the First Option during the 30-day
period thereafter. Following the grant of the First Option, ECI lodged a
caveat against the Property on 5 June 2009. At this juncture, we would note
that the sale price of $20m was $3.2m below the forced sale value placed on
the Property by the Colliers Report. We should also add that although the
Property was ostensibly to be sold by Ridout, which was its registered
proprietor, it was effectively Anwar (Ridout’s sole shareholder and director)
who was the directing mind behind the sale. We will thus, in this judgment,
refer to Ridout and Anwar interchangeably as the vendor of the Property.

9 The parties’ solicitors, by way of a fax from NCH to TLP dated 5 August
2009, agreed that the 60-Day Period for Ridout to cancel the First Option
would end on 6 August 2009 (as the Judge noted at [37] of the Judgment, this
fax was most likely sent due to the ambiguity as to whether the 60-Day Period,
which was expressed as “60 days from today”[note: 6] in cl B(a) of the Deed of
Settlement, meant 60 days from 5 June 2009 (the date on which the Deed of
Settlement was actually signed) or 60 days from 8 June 2009 (the date of
execution stated in the Deed of Settlement)). No cancellation was effected by
Ridout during the 60-Day Period. However, on 7 August 2009, NCH, on behalf of
Ridout, wrote to TLP tendering a Maybank cheque (as opposed to a cashier’s
order) for the $1.68m “as payment for cancellation of the [First]
Option”.[note: 7] On 11 August 2009 (which was the next working day following
the National Day weekend), TLP wrote to NCH returning the Maybank cheque and
rejecting Ridout’s purported cancellation of the First Option on the grounds
that (_inter alia_) the purported cancellation had been effected out of time.
Equally pertinent to note is that Anwar admitted in evidence that the Maybank
cheque would have been dishonoured had it been presented for payment as there
were insufficient funds in the relevant bank account at that time to honour
that cheque.

10 Following his failure to have the First Option cancelled, Anwar sought to
persuade ECI not to exercise that option by offering to pay a higher
cancellation fee. Nevertheless, on 27 August 2009, ECI exercised the First
Option and lodged a second caveat against the Property stating its interest as
being that of a “purchaser”.[note: 8] On the evening of the same day, Anwar
sent SMS messages to KC Tan and Poh alleging that the Transaction was an
illegal moneylending transaction and stating that he would be lodging a police
report, which he duly did on 29 August 2009. Interestingly, in his police
report, Anwar did not specifically complain about illegal moneylending, but
only stated that ECI was “trying to make more money out of the deal”[note: 9]
as a result of the escalation in the price of the Property.

The alleged settlement in September 2009

11 Further discussions between Anwar on one part and KC Tan and Poh on the
other took place. Notably, there is a dispute as to whether a settlement was
in fact reached between them on 3 September 2009\. The alleged settlement
(“the September 2009 Settlement”) was that upon Ridout paying a sum of $3.5m
(which included the refund of the $1.5m option fee) to ECI, the sale of the
Property to ECI would be cancelled and Ridout could sell the Property to
another person. The Judge found that there was indeed such a settlement
agreement (see [85] of the Judgment). Be that as it may, no payment was made
by Anwar pursuant to the September 2009 Settlement. Instead, on 16 September
2009, Ridout sent a letter (signed by Anwar) to ECI headed “Sale of 39A Ridout
Road Singapore 248438”,[note: 10] in which Ridout asked for the release of $1m
to it on that very day.

Thomas Chan’s involvement with the Property

12 On 6 October 2009, Thomas Chan learnt from his property agent, Kelvin Tan,
that the Property was available for sale. Kelvin Tan had been alerted to the
availability of the Property by Anwar’s private banker, Amy Tee. Thomas Chan,
after viewing the Property on 7 October 2009, was interested in purchasing it
despite being told that it was “hotly contested” (see [147] of the Judgment).
Thomas Chan agreed to purchase the Property for $37m, with $1m as the option
fee. In addition, he agreed to make a payment of $850,000 (the remainder of
the first 5% of the purchase price of $37m) upon exercising his option. An
option on these terms (“the Second Option”) was granted by Ridout to Thomas
Chan on 7 October 2009. Without undertaking any preliminary searches on the
Property, Thomas Chan paid $1m for the Second Option on 8 October 2009. Rodyk
& Davidson LLP, which was later engaged by Thomas Chan to act for him in the
purchase of the Property, conducted a search and informed him (on 19 October
2009, almost two weeks after he paid the option fee) of the two caveats lodged
by ECI against the Property. Following his inquiries, Kelvin Tan was told by
Amy Tee that ECI and Ridout had resolved their differences and that ECI would
be withdrawing its caveats. On 20 October 2009, Thomas Chan lodged a caveat
against the Property. On 6 November 2009, he exercised the Second Option by
paying $850,000 to Ridout and lodged a further caveat against the Property.

The settlement in November 2009

13 On 3 November 2009, in conducting a routine search on the Property, ECI
discovered the caveat lodged by Thomas Chan on 20 October 2009 after he was
granted the Second Option. ECI raised its objection to the Second Option and
warned Ridout that it would apply to court for specific performance of the
First Option. Subsequently, on 11 November 2009, a settlement between Ridout
and ECI was reached as reflected in the correspondence between TLP and
Ridout’s new solicitors, JLC Advisors LLP (“JLC”). Under this settlement (“the
November 2009 Settlement”), Ridout was to pay ECI $5m by way of a cashier’s
order by noon on 16 November 2009, whereupon ECI would cancel its purchase of
the Property and withdraw the two caveats which it had lodged. Should Ridout
fail to make the stipulated payment, ECI would proceed with the purchase of
the Property.

14 Pursuant to the November 2009 Settlement, on 13 November 2009, TLP sent JLC
a draft notice of withdrawal of caveat for the latter’s review. On the same
day, Clifford Chance Pte Ltd, which was also acting for Thomas Chan in
relation to his purchase of the Property, informed KC Tan and Poh that Ridout
had granted the Second Option to Thomas Chan in respect of the Property and
sought confirmation that ECI would not be proceeding with its purchase of the
Property. KC Tan and Poh did not give the confirmation requested for as, at
that time, they had yet to receive the $5m payment due from Ridout under the
November 2009 Settlement.

The filing of OS 1357

15 On 16 November 2009, JLC wrote to TLP asking for a short postponement to 18
November 2009 for Ridout to make the $5m payment pursuant to the November 2009
Settlement. ECI refused to further negotiate the matter and filed OS 1357 (the
originating action in the court below) praying for, _inter alia_ , specific
performance of “the agreement between the parties as evinced by [the First
Option] granted by [Ridout] and exercised by [ECI] on 27 August 2009 for the
sale and purchase of the [P]roperty”[note: 11] [emphasis in bold in original
omitted]. For ease of reference, this agreement will hereafter be termed “the
Sale Agreement”. HLF was cited as the second defendant. Both Orion and Thomas
Chan intervened in the proceedings, and Thomas Chan expressly asked for
specific performance of the Second Option.

The Judge’s decision

16 In the court below, the parties’ arguments centred on what the true nature
of the Transaction was and whether, if it was indeed a genuine agreement for
the sale of the Property by Ridout to ECI, the latter should be granted
specific performance. In addition, issues relating to illegality, fraud,
duress, unconscionability and inducement of breach of contract were raised. As
those issues are immaterial to the present appeals for the reason stated at
[20] below, we will confine ourselves to discussing the Judge’s decision on
the true nature of the Transaction and the grant (or refusal) of specific
performance to ECI.

The true nature of the Transaction

17 In the Judgment at [71], the Judge came to the conclusion that the
Transaction, as set out in the First Option and the Deed of Settlement
(collectively, “the Two Instruments”), was in truth “a loan with security, the
security being the Property”. The Judge’s decision was based on the following
considerations.

18 First, although the Two Instruments were executed on the same day (_viz_ ,
5 June 2009), the Deed of Settlement was dated three days later (_viz_ , 8
June 2009) to give the impression that it was a subsequent agreement (see [70]
of the Judgment). Second, CS Lee, who drafted the Two Instruments, agreed that
the Transaction was an unusual one and that he “had not done this kind of deal
before” (see [70] of the Judgment). Third, the First Option contained a number
of unusual features, namely: (a) the option fee of $1.5m was much higher than
the usual option fee of 1% of the purchase price (which would have been
$200,000, based on the purchase price of $20m offered to ECI); (b) the option
period was some three months, much longer than the usual period of two to four
weeks; (c) the purchase price of $20m stated in the First Option had no
relation to the true value of the Property; and (d) no further payment needed
to be made by ECI if it exercised the First Option (see [33] (at sub-para (a)
thereof), [72] and [77] of the Judgment). Fourth, the Judge found KC Tan and
Poh to be unreliable witnesses and did not accept their evidence that ECI had
only intended to buy the Property (see [74] of the Judgment). Fifth, before
ECI exercised the First Option, the parties were attempting to reach a
settlement so that ECI would not exercise the option at all (see [84] of the
Judgment). In the Judge’s view, this indicated that ECI was not genuinely
interested in purchasing the Property. Sixth, the Judge took into account the
parties’ subsequent conduct in continuing to negotiate to seek a settlement
after Ridout failed to comply with the terms of the September 2009 Settlement,
and ECI’s failure to take any action to complete the purchase of the Property
(_eg_ , by obtaining financing for the purchase, making the requisite legal
requisitions, _etc_). In this regard, the Judge was conscious that the
question of whether the subsequent conduct of contracting parties could be
relied on to construe a contract was still a matter of some controversy (see
[79] of the Judgment). He underlined that he was not relying on the parties’
subsequent conduct in the present case to construe the Two Instruments, but
“to see how they implemented or treated the [Two Instruments]” (see likewise
[79] of the Judgment). He added that the parties’ subsequent conduct was
germane to the issues of waiver and estoppel, which were in turn relevant in
determining whether, if the Transaction was indeed for the sale of the
Property to ECI, ECI should be granted specific performance (see [79], [116]
and [120] of the Judgment). Seventh, the Judge pointed out that in late
September 2009, Ridout was earnestly looking for a new buyer for the Property.
Despite being kept informed of this development, ECI did not object (see [88]
of the Judgment).

Whether specific performance of the Sale Agreement should be granted

19 The Judge went on to hold that even if the Transaction was indeed for the
sale of the Property by Ridout to ECI, following the authorities from Canada
and New Zealand, this would not be an appropriate case to grant ECI specific
performance of the Sale Agreement (as defined at [15] above) for the following
reasons:

(a) ECI “[was] not holding the land for personal enjoyment but [for] the
profit derivable therefrom” (see [108] of the Judgment).

(b) Damages would be an adequate remedy for ECI (see [109]–[110] of the
Judgment).

(c) ECI had not come to court with “clean hands” (see [114] of the Judgment)
in that: (i) the sale price of the Property was clearly below its true value;
(ii) the witnesses for ECI were less than truthful in their evidence to the
court; and (iii) the grant of specific performance would cause severe hardship
to Ridout.

(d) In view of the September 2009 Settlement and the November 2009 Settlement,
it was clear that ECI’s intention was to get a higher amount of compensation
from Ridout in return for not holding Ridout to the First Option (see [115] of
the Judgment). If ECI had acceded to Ridout’s request for an extension of just
two days from 16 November 2009 to 18 November 2009 to make the $5m payment due
under the November 2009 Settlement, the present dispute would not have arisen.
ECI did not agree to the two-day extension because it noticed that property
prices had risen significantly.

(e) There was estoppel by acquiescence in that ECI, by its conduct after 11
August 2009 (the day on which ECI rejected Ridout’s purported cancellation of
the First Option), “clearly led [Anwar] to believe that it agreed, for a
higher ‘compensation’, to allow [Ridout] to look for another buyer and … would
not proceed to complete the purchase of the Property” (see [120] of the
Judgment).

The issues raised in the present appeals

20 In the court below, issues on duress, unconscionability and illegal
moneylending were raised by Ridout to resist ECI’s application in OS 1357,
while issues on fraudulent trading and/or inducement of breach of contract
were raised by Orion. The Judge ruled on all those issues. In the present
appeals, none of the parties are challenging the Judge’s decision on those
issues. Thus, they are deemed to have accepted the Judge’s decision in those
respects (see O 57 r 3(2) of the Rules of Court (Cap 322, R 5, 2006 Rev Ed)).

21 It follows that the present appeals hinge on only two core issues, namely:

(a) whether the Judge was right in regarding the Transaction, as set out in
the Two Instruments, as purely a loan coupled with security (“the First Main
Issue”); and

(b) if the Judge erred in his ruling on the First Main Issue (_ie_ , if the
Transaction was truly for the sale of the Property by Ridout to ECI), whether
ECI should be denied specific performance of the Sale Agreement and be awarded
only damages (“the Second Main Issue”).

The First Main Issue: The true nature of the Transaction

22 _Vis-à-vis_ the First Main Issue, the Judge, in coming to his conclusion
that the Transaction (as structured in the form of the Two Instruments) was in
truth a loan coupled with security, considered not only the terms of the said
instruments, but also the oral evidence of the witnesses. In the next few
sections (_viz_ , at [23]–[60] below), we will set out briefly the arguments
of the respective parties in support of or against (as the case may be) the
Judge’s finding on the First Main Issue. In this regard, we will first provide
an overview of the respective parties’ cases on this issue before going into
the specific matters which they raised. It would be pertinent, at this
juncture, to note the following features of the Transaction (as highlighted by
counsel for Thomas Chan):

(a) The option fee of $1.5m paid by ECI to Ridout for the First Option was
unusually large. It worked out to 7.5% of the stated purchase price of $20m,
well above the market norm of 1%.

(b) To accommodate the 60-Day Period during which Ridout could cancel the
First Option, the validity period of the option was lengthened to 90 days.

(c) The cancellation of the First Option was conditional upon Ridout paying
ECI the $180,000 compensation fee, which was (so counsel submitted)
essentially “interest” payable on the 60-day “loan” of the $1.5m option fee at
the rate of 6% per month or 72% per annum.

Overview of the respective parties’ cases on the First Main Issue

23 Ridout, Orion and Thomas Chan (hereafter collectively referred to as “the
three respondents”), whose interests on the First Main Issue are similar
and/or aligned (albeit not identically), emphasised that an appellate court
should be slow to overturn a trial judge’s findings, in particular, those
findings of fact which hinge upon the credibility and veracity of witnesses
(see _Lim Hwee Meng v Citadel Investment Pte Ltd_ [1998] 3 SLR(R) 101 at
[26]–[27]). Of course, they also recognised that an appellate court is in as
good a position as the trial judge to evaluate and draw proper inferences from
primary facts (see _Peh Eng Leng v Pek Eng Leong_ [1996] 1 SLR(R) 939). They
underscored, in particular, the following factual findings of the Judge:

(a) KC Tan was an unreliable witness as he feigned ignorance of many things.
He gave answers that would suit his purpose and was combative on the stand
(see [74] of the Judgment).

(b) Poh was also found to be an unreliable witness, especially in relation to
his evidence on ECI’s intentions at (_inter alia_) the 5 June 2009 meeting
(see [74] and [83] of the Judgment).

(c) CS Lee was evasive and combative in putting forward the case for his
client (ECI) and in explaining why he structured the Transaction in the form
of the Two Instruments (see [70] of the Judgment). (It should, however, be
noted that the Judge also expressly stated that CS Lee “did not cross the
line” (see [70] of the Judgment) while giving evidence, and that his evasive
and combative attitude was “more in the spirit of putting forward the best
case for his client and defending his part in the structuring of the deal”
(see [70] of the Judgment).)

(d) Two of ECI’s witnesses (_ie_ , CS Lee and SH Lim) were graphically
described by the Judge as being “like sharks circling around bleeding prey,
opportunistically [making] a claim when there was no basis to do so” (see [29]
of the Judgment).

(e) Ridout’s key witness, Anwar, was not dishonest, although his account of
the events leading to the 5 June 2009 meeting was “contradictory and
hopelessly tangled” (see [32] of the Judgment) as he was “a ‘big picture’ man
who did not pay attention to details” (see [32] of the Judgment).

24 As the Judge found that both KC Tan and Poh lacked credibility as
witnesses, the three respondents submitted that Anwar’s evidence should be
preferred over that of the said two persons, in particular, in ascertaining
the parties’ intention at the time of executing the Two Instruments during the
5 June 2009 meeting as well as at the time of the events surrounding the
September 2009 Settlement.

25 In contrast, ECI’s submission on the First Main Issue was, in brief, as
follows. The Judge, it was argued, erred in reading too much into the Two
Instruments when they clearly reflected two different but connected ideas,
namely: Ridout was to sell the Property to ECI, but with the proviso that
Ridout could cancel the First Option within the 60-Day Period by paying ECI
the $1.68m (_viz_ , the $1.5m option fee plus the $180,000 compensation fee).
Admittedly, it could not be disputed, and we agree with the Judge, that Anwar
was not keen to sell the Property, but was only interested in obtaining a
loan. On the other hand, ECI, being a property developer, did not really want
to lend money, but only wanted to buy the Property. ECI submitted that the
Transaction, as structured in the form of the Two Instruments, was meant to
meet the different needs and interests of itself and Anwar (acting via
Ridout), and that it was no less an agreement for the sale of the Property by
Ridout to ECI, subject to Ridout’s right of cancellation within the 60-Day
Period. The Judge’s approach, ECI contended, undermined commercial certainty,
bearing in mind that the Two Instruments had been negotiated and accepted by
the parties with professional advice and in the presence of their respective
solicitors. ECI submitted that the court should not be overly zealous to
rewrite an arrangement for contracting parties. ECI also emphasised the
following points:

(a) There was no evidence that the Transaction (as structured in the form of
the Two Instruments), which was for the sale of the Property by Ridout to ECI
subject to Ridout’s right of cancellation, was a sham transaction.

(b) Although Anwar initially wanted only a loan, he was prepared to sell the
Property. The Judge erred in ignoring clear evidence that Anwar (and in turn,
Ridout) regarded the Transaction as a sale of the Property to ECI, and not
wholly as a secured loan.

(c) The Judge erred in ignoring critical pieces of objective documentary
evidence which showed that Ridout did not treat the sale of the Property to
ECI as having been cancelled or as having been varied by settlement or
acquiescence.

Specific matters raised by the parties

The proper approach in characterising a transaction

26 We turn now to the specific matters which the parties raised in respect of
the Judge’s ruling that the Transaction was in truth a secured loan, beginning
with their submissions on the proper approach to take in characterising a
transaction.

27 ECI submitted that in characterising a transaction, where there was no
evidence either that the real agreement reached between the parties was wholly
different from the agreement recorded in the documents before the court or
that there was an independent contract existing outside of the documents
before the court, the usual approach employed by the court was to “look at the
documents themselves to ascertain the nature and substance of the transaction”
(see _Thai Chee Ken and others (Liquidators of Pan-Electric Industries Ltd) v
Banque Paribas_ [1993] 1 SLR(R) 871 (“ _Thai Chee Ken_ ”) at [9]). ECI further
submitted that if the allegation was that the transaction in question was a
sham, the threshold needed to discharge the (civil) burden of proof was high,
_ie_ , the party alleging that it ought not be bound by the terms of the
documents setting out the transaction (the “transaction documents”) must show
(on a balance of probabilities) that “all the parties [to the transaction] …
ha[d] a common intention that the acts [done] or documents [executed were] not
to create the legal rights and obligations which they [gave] the appearance of
creating” (see the English Court of Appeal case of _Snook v London and West
Riding Investments Ltd_ [1967] 2 QB 786 at 802, which was quoted with approval
by our High Court in _TKM (Singapore) Pte Ltd v Export Credit Insurance Corp
of Singapore Ltd_ [1992] 2 SLR(R) 858 at [48]). ECI pointed out that in the
present case, there was no evidence of any collective intention on the part of
itself and Ridout to deceive. Significantly, the Judge did not call the
Transaction a sham. ECI argued that the Judge’s finding that the Transaction
was nothing but a secured loan was contrary to the weight of evidence which
showed that the Transaction was for the sale of the Property by Ridout to ECI,
subject only to the reservation that Ridout could cancel the First Option by
paying the $1.68m within the 60-Day Period.

28 Ridout, on the other hand, argued that the case of _Thai Chee Ken_ should
be distinguished on its facts. In _Thai Chee Ken_ , there was no suggestion by
the parties that the sale and purchase agreements in question were a sham or a
disguise. There was also no evidence that the real agreement reached between
the parties was different from that recorded in the documents. As such, the
court only looked at the documents themselves to ascertain the nature and
substance of the transaction. In stark contrast, Ridout’s position in the
present matter had always been that contrary to the labels used in the Two
Instruments, the Transaction was a loan by ECI to Anwar secured by the
Property.

29 On his part, Thomas Chan argued that the question of whether the
Transaction was a sham did not arise as what the court was being asked to
determine was the true nature of the Transaction. On this, the Judge had made
the specific finding that the Transaction was a (disguised)­ loan with
security. Thomas Chan highlighted that in the Australian case of _Gurfinkel
and another v Bentley Proprietary Limited_ (1966) 116 CLR 98 (also referred to
in _Thai Chee Ken_ at [11]), the High Court of Australia stated (at 114) that
“if it [could] be shewn by parol evidence that both parties to a document
adopted the form they did as a disguise, then their true intent and not the
form [would] prevail”. This, Thomas Chan submitted, was precisely the position
here: there was ample evidence in the instant case, from both the
contemporaneous documents and the witnesses’ testimony, that the real
agreement reached between the parties was wholly different from the
(ostensible) agreement reflected by the labels attached to the Two
Instruments. Hence, according to Thomas Chan, there was no basis for the
application of _Thai Chee Ken_ to the present case.

30 We recognise that the court is not prohibited from evaluating evidence
_other than_ the transaction documents (_ie_ , the Two Instruments in the
present case) to determine the true nature of a transaction. In other words,
the crux of the First Main Issue lies not in construing the wording or terms
used in the Two Instruments _per se_ , but in determining whether the real
agreement between the parties was that expressed in those instruments. If the
parties had adopted the arrangement set out in the Two Instruments as a
disguise for what was truly a loan, then their true intent, and not the form
of the Two Instruments, will prevail, as stated in _Thai Chee Ken_.

31 In this regard, the case of _City Hardware Pte Ltd v Kenrich Electronics
Pte Ltd_ [2005] 1 SLR(R) 733 (“ _City Hardware_ ”) is pertinent. In that case,
the court outlined the approach which should be taken in analysing whether a
transaction was a disguised moneylending transaction or a genuine commercial
transaction of a different nature, as follows:

24 ... What constitutes lending must of course remain a question of fact in
every case. _Careful consideration has to be given to the form and substance
of the transaction as well as the parties’ position and relationship in the
context of the entire factual matrix_. It is axiomatic that if there has been
no lending there can be no moneylending.

25 It ought to be stressed, however, that _the court ought not to be
overzealous in analysing or deconstructing a transaction in order to infer
and/or conclude that the object of the transaction was to lend money_. …

[emphasis added]

32 In the present case, it is true that the form and structure of the
documentation for the Transaction, with the cancellation feature in the Deed
of Settlement, was ECI’s creation. It was probably the case that because KC
Tan and Poh knew that Anwar/Ridout was reluctant to sell the Property, they
came up with the idea of effecting the Transaction by way of two separate
instruments (_viz_ , the First Option and the Deed of Settlement) under which
Ridout would give ECI an option (via the First Option) to purchase the
Property at the price of $20m while reserving for itself (via the Deed of
Settlement) the right to cancel the option within the 60-Day Period. As we see
it, there was no reason for CS Lee to structure the Transaction in this manner
other than to meet the concerns of both his client (ECI) and those of
Anwar/Ridout.

33 In this regard, CS Lee stated in his evidence that he had merely prepared
the Two Instruments to reflect what ECI wanted:[note: 12]

Q.So right from the very outset, your first set of instructions, your clients
[_ie_ , ECI, acting via KC Tan and Poh] came to you and said, “We want to take
an option over a property and at the same time we want to give the vendor the
option to cancel this option.”

A.Yes.

Q.And they also told you within 60 days?

A.Yes.

Q.They also told you, “Therefore, our option must be capable of being
exercised on a date after the proposed cancellation date.”

A.Yes.

…

Q.So the deal originated completely from them?

A.Yes.

…

Q.Right. So your input was really very mechanical: you received their
instructions, you were told what the structure was, so all that you needed to
do was to make sure that the documents reflected what they wanted?

A.Yes.

34 It cannot be denied that the fact that the Deed of Settlement was post-
dated to a date after the date stated on the First Option (the First Option
being dated 5 June 2009 and the Deed of Settlement, 8 June 2009 (see [8]
above)) would give the misleading impression that the agreement set out in the
Deed of Settlement was reached subsequent to the agreement set out in the
First Option. CS Lee admitted as much. He also admitted that based on his more
than 25 years of experience as a conveyancing lawyer, the Transaction was “an
unusual transaction”.[note: 13] This shows that the Transaction was not the
normal or usual straightforward agreement for the sale and purchase of
property.

35 On the evidence of KC Tan and Poh, it is clear that ECI wanted to purchase
the Property at the most attractive price, even though Anwar was not keen to
sell. Due to Anwar’s financial situation, KC Tan and Poh saw this as an
opportunity to get a good deal. This is evident from what Poh said in
court:[note: 14]

Q.... My question was this: would you agree with me that the genesis of the
[T]ransaction, the starting point, or the motivation, I suppose, if you like,
for the [T]ransaction, was because … Anwar needed to raise money?

A.Yes.

Q.You would also agree with me that at the starting point of the [T]ransaction
… Anwar was seeking to borrow money from you and/or [KC Tan]; would that be
correct?

A.That was raised through [SH Lim], the agent, that he was looking to borrow
money, yes.

…

[Q.]So because of that, your understanding, as well as [KC Tan]’s
understanding was that … Anwar had an urgent need to raise money?

A.Yes.

36 Following from the above, Ridout submitted that KC Tan and Poh entered into
the Transaction because they realised that this was the only way for ECI to
have a chance of purchasing the Property. They wanted to ultimately acquire
the Property at a knock-down price: given Anwar’s financial circumstances,
they thought that Anwar would not be able to pay the $1.68m within the 60-Day
Period and, thus, ECI would be able to purchase the Property in accordance
with the terms of the First Option. Although this appears to support the
contention that the Transaction was a loan secured by the Property, we see
difficulties with this line of argument, as we will explain at [65]–[74]
below.

The parties’ pre- and post-contractual conduct

37 We now turn to the arguments raised by the respective parties in relation
to their pre- and post-contractual conduct.

(1) Pre-contractual conduct

38 _Vis-à-vis_ the parties’ pre-contractual conduct, ECI emphasised that right
from the very beginning when Ivan Lim and SH Lim approached KC Tan and Poh, KC
Tan and Poh had already indicated that ECI was only interested in buying the
Property and not in lending money to Anwar. Furthermore, before they met,
Anwar was a complete stranger to KC Tan and Poh. The fact that ECI was only
interested in buying the Property, coupled with Anwar’s reluctance to sell it,
led to the hatching of the idea of a 60-day grace period (_viz_ , the 60-Day
Period) within which Ridout could cancel the First Option. ECI submitted that
it did not really matter _who_ was the first to suggest the idea of a grace
period during which Ridout could cancel the First Option: in view of the
diametrically opposed interests of ECI and Ridout, one need not be a genius to
be able to come up with that idea. In this regard, ECI also highlighted the
following points:

(a) If ECI had wanted to grant a secured loan to Anwar, it could easily have
structured the Transaction as a straightforward loan coupled with security,
given that (as found by the Judge at [139] of the Judgment) this would not
have been prohibited by the Moneylenders Act 2008 (Act 31 of 2008) (“the
Moneylenders Act”).

(b) It was significant that the first e-mail from YS Low to CS Lee apropos the
Property (_ie_ , the e-mail of 2 June 2009 from YS Low to CS Lee mentioned at
[6] above) was entitled “ _Sale and Purchase_ of Ridout Road (Subject to
Contract)”[note: 15] [emphasis added], and stated explicitly that the
information furnished therein was for ECI “to consider whether or not to
purchase the [P]roperty”.[note: 16]

(c) The draft agreements and the accompanying correspondence circulated
between the parties prior to the 5 June 2009 meeting reflected precisely the
intention of the parties, _viz_ , that the Transaction was for the sale of the
Property by Ridout to ECI, with a cancellation clause inserted solely to meet
Ridout’s concerns.

(d) The Transaction was an arm’s length commercial transaction negotiated
between two independent parties, both of whom had the benefit of legal advice.

39 ECI also submitted that the Judge placed undue weight on his findings of
fact that at the 5 June 2009 meeting: (a) ECI was only concerned with Anwar’s
ability to make the requisite payment needed to cancel the First Option, as
opposed to the purchase price of the Property (see [72] of the Judgment); and
(b) ECI used the litigation search done on Anwar to push the option fee down
from $2m to $1.5m (see [73] of the Judgment). ECI said that those were wholly
neutral, if not irrelevant, factors as CS Lee had good reason to conduct the
litigation search on Anwar since Anwar was the sole shareholder and director
of Ridout, and since there was a trust deed in the land register indicating
that the Property was held on trust for him. The relevance of the litigation
search was that it would ascertain whether Anwar had been made a bankrupt and,
as a result, lost his status as Ridout’s director, and/or whether beneficial
ownership of the Property had vested in the Official Assignee.

40 ECI also argued that there was nothing _legally improper_ about its
pressuring Anwar to lower the purchase price of the Property and the option
fee. This, it was submitted, showed that ECI’s true intention was indeed to
purchase the Property. It was only natural for ECI, as a property developer,
to seek for itself the best possible deal. In support of this proposition, ECI
cited the following statement by this court in _Beckkett Pte Ltd v Deutsche
Bank AG and another and another appeal_ [2009] 3 SLR(R) 452 (“ _Beckkett v
Deutsche Bank_ ”) at [114]:

… _No prospective purchaser would act or be expected to act in … a
commercially imprudent (or morally considerate) manner in the conduct of his
own commercial affairs_. If the mortgagee wants to sell a mortgaged property
cheaply or below the market price, it is not up to the prospective purchaser
to turn down a good offer. On the contrary, commercial reality expects the
latter to drive a hard bargain to force the price down. ... [emphasis added]

ECI added that the agreed purchase price of $20m was neither commercially
absurd nor unreasonable when compared to the two forced sale valuations
adduced at the trial, _ie_ , $23.2m according to the Colliers Report dated 15
April 2009,[note: 17] and $21.6m as at 5 June 2009 according to a report by
Savills (Singapore) Pte Ltd, the valuer engaged by ECI (“the Savills
Report”).[note: 18]

41 In contrast, the three respondents (individually and collectively) referred
to the following aspects of the parties’ pre-contractual conduct to support
the Judge’s finding that the true nature of the Transaction was that of a
secured loan:

(a) At the 5 June 2009 meeting, there was no real negotiation on the purchase
price for the Property. Instead, the focus of the meeting was on Anwar’s
ability to pay the $1.68m if Ridout were to cancel the First Option.

(b) At the separate breakout meeting between Anwar, KC Tan and Poh held in the
course of the 5 June 2009 meeting, KC Tan and Poh made it clear to Anwar that
they were only prepared to pay $1.5m as the option fee, and not $2m as stated
in the Draft Option. This reduction of the option fee from $2m to $1.5m was
presumably to lower ECI’s financial risk as a result of the litigation search
done on Anwar, and was wholly consistent with Anwar’s evidence that everyone
present at the 5 June 2009 meeting understood that the option fee was, in
reality, meant to be a loan to help him with short-term financing. The three
respondents submitted that this reduction in the option fee would only make
sense if the option fee was in truth a loan because if the sale of the
Property envisaged in the First Option was genuine, the option fee paid would
have been part payment of the purchase price and there would not have been any
real need for ECI to press down the option fee. If Ridout could not repay the
option fee plus the specified amount of compensation needed in order to cancel
the First Option, it would have been a welcome opportunity for ECI to purchase
the Property at the attractive price of only $20m.

(c) During cross-examination, KC Tan and Poh confirmed that they knew Ridout
could give good title of the Property to ECI despite Anwar’s personal
financial difficulties and the various legal proceedings against him. Poh’s
evidence on this point was as follows:[note: 19]

Q.... [I]n the ten years that you’ve been involved in the property business …
have you come across any transaction where an option has been derailed because
of a litigation suit?

A.Not that I’m aware of.

As for KC Tan, his evidence on this point was as follows:[note: 20]

Q.... [W]hen you buy a property from a company, your contract is with the
company and the personal circumstances of the shareholders or directors are
not important.

A.Yes, generally that is so.

Based on the above evidence, the three respondents submitted that the
litigation search on Anwar would only make sense if the option fee was in
truth a loan. It was also pointed out that CS Lee had himself confirmed during
cross-examination that the existence of the trust deed under which Ridout held
the Property on trust for Anwar and the various law suits against Anwar would
not affect the sale of the Property:[note: 21]

Q.... To what extent would a trust arrangement affect the validity of any
option given by [Ridout] to [ECI]?

A.It will not affect the validity because they [_viz_ , Anwar and Ridout] are
two different entities …

Q.… [Y]ou will confirm for us that the existence of the trust and the
litigation suits against … Anwar, to the best of your professional expertise,
would not affect the sale of the [P]roperty from [Ridout] to [ECI]?

A.Yes.

The three respondents further submitted that, interestingly, Poh admitted that
ECI had been concerned about Anwar’s ability to pay the $1.68m if the First
Option were cancelled, and that ECI had “[taken] the opportunity of [the]
searches [on Anwar] to press down the price”.[note: 22] This was despite the
fact that CS Lee had testified that ECI could purchase the Property from
Ridout without being affected by the financial difficulties of and the law
suits against Anwar.

(d) CS Lee said that he “had [the Moneylenders Act] in mind when [he was]
drafting [the] documents”,[note: 23] but concluded that it had no application
to the Transaction. The three respondents submitted that it was precisely
because the Transaction was a loan or contained features that came close to
offending the prohibitions under the Moneylenders Act that CS Lee considered
the implications thereof, and sought to disguise the true nature of the
Transaction by splitting up the instruments documenting it into two separate
instruments (_viz_ , the First Option and the Deed of Settlement) as well as
by inserting misleading wording into and post-dating the Deed of Settlement.

(e) ECI’s attempt to explain away the significance of the litigation search
done on Anwar – _viz_ , that it was necessary to ascertain whether Anwar (the
beneficiary under the trust held by Ridout on the Property) had been made a
bankrupt, thereby vesting beneficial ownership of the Property in the Official
Assignee – was an afterthought as this was not brought out in evidence. In
fact, the litigation search reflected ECI’s concern about the risk of lending
money to Anwar.

(2) Post-contractual conduct

42 Turning now to the arguments of the parties based on their post-contractual
conduct, ECI pointed to the following to show that Ridout had regarded the
Transaction as a sale of the Property to ECI, subject only to the right of
cancellation within the 60-Day Period:

(a) All the correspondence issued on behalf of Ridout apropos the Transaction
referred to that transaction as a sale of the Property to ECI (_eg_ , the
letter from NCH (Ridout’s then solicitors) to TLP (ECI’s solicitors) dated 8
June 2009 made reference to “the Option Agreement”[note: 24] and
“stakeholders”).[note: 25]

(b) Ridout did not object to the lodgement of a caveat by ECI on 5 June 2009
indicating that it (ECI) had an interest in the Property as a
“purchaser”.[note: 26]

(c) When asked by Orion about the First Option granted to ECI, NCH, in its
letter of reply dated 6 July 2009, represented the Transaction as being for
the “Sale and Purchase”[note: 27] [underlining in original omitted] of the
Property to ECI.

(d) Anwar’s police report lodged on 29 August 2009 made no allegation of
illegal moneylending and acknowledged that ECI had the right to buy the
Property.

(e) Even after raising the allegation that the Transaction was an illegal
moneylending transaction, Anwar himself wrote a letter dated 16 September 2009
using Ridout’s letterhead (_ie_ , the letter mentioned at [11] above), wherein
he stated that there was a valid agreement between the parties for “the … sale
of the [P]roperty”[note: 28] and requested for an early release of $1m of the
purchase price of the Property.

(f) The alleged “loan” from ECI (in the form of the $1.5m option fee paid by
ECI) was not recorded in Anwar’s statement of liability when he filed an
affidavit on 23 December 2009 pursuant to his application under s 45 of the
Bankruptcy Act (Cap 20, 2009 Rev Ed).

(g) Neither Ridout nor its then solicitors (NCH) protested against the various
references to the Transaction as a purchase of the Property by ECI in TLP’s
letters to NCH dated (_inter alia_) 27 August 2009 and 30 October 2009.[note:
29] NCH’s response to those letters was merely that it was taking instructions
from Ridout.

43 ECI submitted that none of the above circumstances were considered by the
Judge. Instead, the Judged inferred that ECI did not genuinely intend to
purchase the Property based on what were really insignificant events, such as
ECI’s failure to obtain financing for the purchase of the Property, its late
payment of the stamp fee on the First Option and its late making of legal
requisitions, when there were clearly plausible and credible explanations for
those events.

44 With regard to its delay in paying the stamp fee on the First Option and
making legal requisitions, ECI explained that the delay was the result of
Anwar’s persistent attempts to persuade it to forego its rights under the
First Option in consideration of the payment of a settlement sum, which was
initially agreed at $3.5m (under the September 2009 Settlement) and later
increased to $5m (under the November 2009 Settlement). It was submitted that
it made sense for ECI to refrain from incurring further expenses towards the
completion of the purchase of the Property while there appeared to be
prospects of being able to reach an amicable settlement with Ridout _vis-à-
vis_ the latter’s purported cancellation of the First Option. After Ridout
failed to pay the settlement sum of $5m due under the November 2009 Settlement
by the stipulated deadline of noon on 16 November 2009, ECI decided to cease
all further discussions with Ridout/Anwar and proceeded to seek the completion
of the purchase of the Property. To that end, legal requisitions were sent on
16, 17 and 20 November 2009[note: 30] and the stamp fee on the First Option
was paid on 24 November 2009.[note: 31]

45 Ridout, on the other hand, countered ECI’s explanation for the late payment
of the stamp fee on the First Option and the late making of legal requisitions
by highlighting the various inconsistencies in ECI’s ever-shifting (so Ridout
submitted) position on these matters:

(a) The evidence of KC Tan and Poh in their joint affidavit filed on 15
January 2010 was that ECI had always intended to complete the purchase of the
Property despite Anwar’s various attempts to reach a settlement by which ECI’s
intended purchase of the Property would be cancelled. Notably, at para 32 of
their joint affidavit, they stated that in early September 2009, Anwar
contacted them again to try to convince ECI to enter into such a settlement,
but “[they] were adamant about the purchase as by [that] time, the property
prices for [Good Class Bungalows] had risen significantly”.[note: 32]

(b) However, Poh eventually conceded under cross-examination that on 3
September 2009, “there was an agreement to settle at [$]3.5 million in
principle”.[note: 33] Poh made this concession only when he was confronted
with evidence produced by Anwar (in the form of SMS messages) that there was
such a settlement.

(c) In short, it was only at the trial that KC Tan and Poh admitted to the
existence of the September 2009 Settlement, and endeavoured to explain away
their inaction in making legal requisitions on the ground that the parties
were then still attempting to reach an amicable settlement.

46 With regard to its delay in obtaining financing to effect the purchase of
the Property, ECI clarified that its ability to finance the Transaction was
never an issue as that was not disputed by any party in any of the pleadings
or affidavits filed in OS 1357, nor in the list of issues presented to the
Judge for adjudication. In this regard, we note that there was a letter of
offer dated 9 September 2009 from HLF offering ECI a loan of $18m for the
purchase of the Property. Ultimately, ECI did not accept the offer. It was
confirmed by HLF’s counsel that HLF’s offer lapsed as ECI did not take steps
to fulfil the condition precedent of the proposed loan, _ie_ , to increase the
paid-up capital of ECI, which then stood at only $2,000, to $100,000. ECI
pointed out that both KC Tan and Poh had given evidence that ECI had
sufficient funds from other sources to complete the purchase (_eg_ , by
drawing down on other lines of credit or utilising cash reserves from a
related company).[note: 34] ECI therefore submitted that the Judge erred (at
[81] of the Judgment) in finding that it ought to have adduced more proof of
its ability to finance the Transaction and that the time to produce such
evidence had long passed.

47 On its part, Ridout, with regard to ECI’s submissions on Anwar’s police
report dated 29 August 2009 (see sub-para (d) of [42] above), pointed out that
although Anwar had not referred to the Transaction as a loan _per se_ in the
police report, he had stated that he had been loaned money at “an interest fee
of 6% [per month]”.[note: 35] Further, two days before lodging the police
report, he had sent a SMS message to Poh stating:[note: 36]

… I will have to file a report of money lending. The [T]ransaction was based
on borrowing SIN $1.5mil for two months yielding SIN $1.68mil. Thank you. …

In any event, Anwar had complained in his police report that ECI was “trying
to make more money out of the deal”.[note: 37] This, Ridout submitted, was
consistent with its case that all that ECI was entitled to under the Two
Instruments was a high interest rate for lending Anwar the option fee of
$1.5m.

Inconsistencies in the evidence of Ridout’s witnesses

48 We now turn to the respective parties’ submissions on the evidence of
Ridout’s witnesses.

49 ECI submitted that the evidence proffered by Ridout’s witnesses as to the
true nature of the Transaction, both on affidavit and at the trial, was
confusing. Where Anwar’s evidence was concerned, ECI highlighted the following
matters:

(a) At the trial, Anwar’s position was that throughout the course of the
negotiations between the parties, all that he had in mind was that the
Transaction was an _unsecured loan_ , with the Property playing no role
whatsoever.[note: 38]

(b) However, in Ridout’s pleaded case for OS 1357, it was stated that “the
true intent of the parties was to provide _security_ to [ECI] for the loan of
$1.5 million from [ECI] to [Ridout]”[note: 39] [emphasis added].

(c) In his affidavit of evidence-in-chief (“AEIC”) filed on 25 June 2010,
Anwar deposed that he was surprised when YS Low informed him on or about 2
June 2009 that the documentation for the Transaction consisted of “an option
to purchase the [P]roperty followed by a so[-]called Deed of
Settlement”.[note: 40] As he was “extremely uncomfortable to give an option
for a loan”,[note: 41] he “requested a meeting so that [he] could satisfy
[himself] that the [T]ransaction was a loan”.[note: 42]

(d) Under cross-examination, Anwar sought to retract the version of events set
out in his AEIC as inaccurate. On the stand, he said that he first learnt
about the structure of the Transaction in a conversation with Panthradil
during the car journey on the way to the 5 June 2009 meeting.[note: 43]

(e) Anwar sought to shift the responsibility for all communications with YS
Low apropos the Transaction to Panthradil.[note: 44] This, however, was
contradicted by Panthradil’s evidence on the stand. Panthradil testified that
he had no substantive discussions with YS Low about the Transaction, apart
from the mechanics for paying the option fee.[note: 45]

50 ECI submitted that the aforesaid inconsistencies in Anwar’s case were
fabricated to mask the fact that Anwar knew that the Transaction involved the
sale of the Property by Ridout to ECI. ECI pointed out that the Judge had
found Anwar to be an experienced business entrepreneur who had had the benefit
of advice from both his lawyer and Panthradil (the chief financial officer of
another company owned by Anwar) before he signed the Two Instruments (see [56]
and [58] of the Judgment). Yet, inexplicably (in ECI’s submission), the Judge,
at [56] of the Judgment, found that the Transaction was in fact a disguised
loan coupled with security:

Under cross examination Panthradil said that he received the [D]raft [O]ption
and [the] [D]raft [D]eed … on or after 3 June 2009 and upon reading them, said
to [Anwar]: “Hey, Pak, this looks like you’re selling the [P]roperty”.
Panthradil said [Anwar]’s response was: “No, I will clear it before that. Its
[_sic_] just the structure to enable the borrowing” … I accept Panthradil’s
evidence over [Anwar]’s version. Panthradil said when he saw the cancellation
and the factoring in of the interest[,] he saw the documents as a secured loan
structure. Panthradil said they were desperate for funds because no one was
going to lend [Anwar] $2m “clean”. I therefore find that [Anwar] intended to
use the Property as security for the loan.

51 ECI argued that a careful examination of Panthradil’s evidence showed that
his evidence was in fact consistent with and supported its case, _viz_ , that
Anwar was well aware that Ridout had to sell the Property to ECI if Ridout did
not cancel the First Option within the 60-Day Period. Further, Anwar’s
reference to the structure of the Transaction demonstrated that he knew that
the Two Instruments did not simply provide for the grant of a loan to him, but
also something more.

52 In countering ECI’s argument on the alleged inconsistencies in Anwar’s
evidence, Ridout submitted that the court was entitled to accept Panthradil’s
evidence that the 5 June 2009 meeting was “more to lend … money and [KC Tan
and Poh] were more concerned of … Anwar’s ability to repay the money”.[note:
46] Although Panthradil was only an employee of Anwar, there was, Ridout
submitted, no suggestion that he was not truthful in his testimony. In respect
of ECI’s criticism that the Judge erred in treating Panthradil’s evidence as
indicative of Anwar’s intention, Ridout submitted that ECI had
mischaracterised the Judge’s finding, which, simply put, was that Panthradil’s
evidence was corroborative of Anwar’s evidence that he did not want to sell
the Property all along and had made this known to his employee (_viz_ ,
Panthradil).

Whether the Transaction lacked the key features of a loan

53 We move now to the parties’ submissions on whether the Transaction lacked
the key features of a loan.

54 ECI submitted that the Transaction lacked many of the key indicia and
features of a loan. It cited the case of _City Hardware_ , where the High
Court accepted (at [23]) the following definition of “loan” set out in
Clifford L Pannam, _The Law of Money Lenders in Australia and New Zealand_
(The Law Book Company Limited, 1965) at p 6:

A loan of money may be defined, in general terms, as a simple contract whereby
one person (“the lender”) pays or agrees to pay a sum of money in
consideration of a promise by another person (“the borrower”) to repay the
money upon demand or at a fixed date. The promise of repayment may or may not
be coupled with a promise to pay interest on the money so paid. _The essence
of the transaction is the promise of repayment_. … [emphasis added]

55 ECI submitted that the case of _In re George Inglefield, Limited_ [1933] Ch
1, which discussed (at 27–28) the difference between a sale and a mortgage or
charge as follows, was also instructive:

_In a transaction of sale the vendor is not entitled to get back the subject-
matter of the sale by returning to the purchaser the money that has passed
between them_. In the case of a mortgage or charge, the mortgagor is entitled,
until he has been foreclosed, to get back the subject-matter of the mortgage
or charge by returning to the mortgagee the money that has passed between
them. The second essential difference is that if the mortgagee realizes the
subject-matter of the mortgage for a sum more than sufficient to repay him,
with interest and the costs, the money that has passed between him and the
mortgagor[,] he has to account to the mortgagor for the surplus. _If the
purchaser sells the subject-matter of the purchase, and realizes a profit, of
course he has not got to account to the vendor for the profit_. Thirdly, if
the mortgagee realizes the mortgage property for a sum that is insufficient to
repay him the money that he has paid to the mortgagor, together with interest
and costs, then the mortgagee is entitled to recover from the mortgagor the
balance of the money, either because there is a covenant by the mortgagor to
repay the money advanced by the mortgagee, or because of the existence of the
simple contract debt which is created by the mere fact of the advance having
been made. _If the purchaser were to resell the purchased property at a price
which was insufficient to recoup him the money that he paid to the vendor, of
course he would not be entitled to recover the balance from the vendor_.
[emphasis added]

56 In this regard, ECI highlighted that the following key features of a loan
were missing from the Transaction:

(a) There was no provision for the payment of interest after the 60-Day Period
if Ridout failed to cancel the First Option within that period.

(b) Likewise, there was no provision for the enforcement of payment of the
“outstanding sum” (_ie_ , the $1.68m) should Ridout fail to cancel the First
Option within the 60-Day Period.

(c) The amount of compensation which Ridout had to pay for cancelling the
First Option was $180,000 in respect of an option fee of $1.5m. This worked
out to an “interest rate” of 12% per annum (or 6% per month). This figure
should be contrasted with the original provisions set out in the Draft Option
and the Draft Deed, which stipulated a cancellation fee of $250,000 in respect
of an option fee of $2m (see [6] above). That arrangement would have yielded a
higher “interest rate” of 12.5% per annum (or 6.25% per month). If ECI had
intended the Transaction to be a loan, it would not have sought to reduce the
option fee to $1.5m and thereby earn a lower “interest rate” as that would not
make commercial sense.

ECI submitted that had it truly intended to grant a loan to Anwar, it would
have taken a valid security over the Property and would have made appropriate
provisions in the contractual documents to address the matters mentioned at
sub-paras (a)–(c) above, instead of doing what it did, _ie_ , structuring the
Transaction in the form of the Two Instruments.

57 In rebuttal to ECI’s point about the lack of provision for interest to be
paid after the 60-Day Period if Ridout did not cancel the First Option, Ridout
stated that the Transaction was meant to be a short-term loan to Anwar and,
therefore, there was no provision for interest accruing after the 60-Day
Period. In the event of default (_ie_ , in the event that Ridout did not
cancel the First Option and therefore did not pay ECI the $1.68m), there could
be an implied term that ECI could sell the Property at its market price and
recoup the amount lent to Anwar. Ridout further submitted that the lack of
provision for interest after the 60-Day Period was, in any event, irrelevant,
given KC Tan and Poh’s motive for structuring the Transaction as a sale of the
Property with a view to taking unfair advantage of the situation if Anwar was
unable to pay the $1.68m within the 60-Day Period.

58 As for the reduction of the “interest rate” for the “loan” of the option
fee from 6.25% to 6% per month, Ridout argued that this followed from the
lower sum of $1.5m (as opposed to the sum of $2m stated in the Draft Option)
which ECI was comfortable to lend to Anwar. In any event, Ridout submitted,
the difference was _de minimis_.

59 Similarly, counsel for Thomas Chan contended that all the hallmarks of a
loan were present in the Transaction (as the Judge found at [30], [31] and
[71] of the Judgment). It was submitted that the absence of a term providing
for continued interest after the 60-Day Period was not fatal to Thomas Chan’s
case as a “windfall” to ECI was still provided for in the form of ECI being
able to purchase the Property at the knock-down price of $20m, which would
easily exceed the interest accruing after the 60-Day Period (had there been
provision for such interest to be paid) and which bore no relation to the loss
that ECI would suffer if Anwar failed to pay the $1.68m within the 60-Day
Period.

60 Counsel for Thomas Chan also highlighted that there was no evidence of any
real negotiation or agreement on the purchase price of the Property either
before or at the 5 June 2009 meeting. The purchase price of $20m was really
the outstanding mortgage amount due from Anwar to HLF. This emerged from KC
Tan’s evidence during cross-examination, as follows:[note: 47]

Q.I would also like for you to confirm that in fact the sum of 20 million was
arrived at by you, or proposed by you and … Poh after you had seen how much
was owed to [HLF] under the mortgage that [HLF] had on the [P]roperty.

A.Yes, I suppose that was the case, yes.

Thus, even at the 5 June 2009 meeting itself, there was no evidence of any
negotiation on the purchase price of the Property. It would appear, Thomas
Chan’s counsel submitted, that Anwar did not resist ECI’s efforts to set the
purchase price at $20m in the First Option because he did not contemplate a
sale of the Property and felt sure that he could repay the loan amount (_viz_
, the $1.5m option fee) plus interest (_viz_ , the $180,000 compensation fee)
within the 60-Day Period. Notably, ECI’s evidence confirmed its knowledge of
Anwar’s nonchalant attitude towards the purchase price of the Property stated
in the First Option.

Our decision on the true nature of the Transaction

61 It is not in dispute that the proper approach in determining the true
nature of a transaction is to look at the substance, as opposed to the form,
thereof (see [30]–[31] above). In so far as the documentation for the
Transaction is concerned, it is clear that the First Option contained a
“normal” option in favour of ECI, albeit with some unusual features, as
mentioned at [18] and [22] above (_eg_ , the quantum of the option fee (_ie_ ,
$1.5m), which was much higher than the market norm of 1% of the purchase
price, and the validity period of the First Option (_ie_ , 90 days)). The Deed
of Settlement accorded to Ridout the right, within the 60-Day Period, to
cancel the First Option by paying ECI the $1.68m. There can be no doubt as to
what the Two Instruments mean on their face.

62 Like the Judge, we also accept that Anwar, the sole shareholder and
director of Ridout, who is also its directing mind, did not want to sell the
Property. All he wanted was to get a temporary loan to tide him over so that
HLF would not exercise its right of sale as the mortgagee of the Property.
Despite soundings made on his behalf, no one was interested in lending him
money, bearing in mind that there was then a mortgage over the Property in
favour of HLF and a charge for $10m in favour of Orion over the remaining
proceeds of sale of the Property. In view of those prior encumbrances, and
bearing in mind what was believed to be the market value of the Property,
there was really no value left in the Property which Anwar could use to obtain
a loan. It was against that backdrop that ECI came into the picture. As
mentioned at [5] and [25] above, ECI, being a property developer, was likewise
not interested in extending any loan to Anwar, but it was willing to consider
buying the Property.

63 At this point, we would observe, as did the Judge, that Anwar is
unquestionably a seasoned businessman and entrepreneur. He cannot claim to be
a novice in business, although he was financially very stretched at the
material time due to the effects of the global financial meltdown of 2008.
Similarly, ECI’s directors, KC Tan and Poh, are also men of business. Thus,
neither Anwar (and in turn, Ridout) nor KC Tan and Poh (and in turn, ECI) can
claim to be at a disadvantage in the business sense, although, as just
mentioned, Anwar (and in turn, Ridout) was financially very stretched at the
material time. As observed by this court in _Beckkett v Deutsche Bank_ at
[114] (reproduced at [40] above), it is legally permissible for a man of
business to squeeze the best deal for himself, taking advantage of the
economic weaknesses of the other party.

64 It seems to us that having regard to what were clearly different objectives
on the part of the parties concerned (_viz_ , Anwar wanting to borrow money
and ECI wanting to buy the Property at the best possible price), the
arrangement that was eventually worked out by the parties’ solicitors, as
reflected in the Two Instruments, satisfied, to an extent and certainly not
completely, the needs of both parties. As the Judge noted at [58] of the
Judgment, Anwar was confident that he would be able to raise, within the
60-Day Period, the $1.68m which Ridout had to pay to have the First Option
cancelled. As for ECI, it clearly wanted to buy the Property at the best
possible price. It obviously recognised that the Transaction (as set out in
the Two Instruments), although not its preferred choice, was, in the
circumstances, the next best thing, in the sense that should Anwar be unable
to raise the $1.68m which Ridout needed to pay to have the First Option
cancelled, ECI would have the chance to purchase the Property at the extremely
attractive price of $20m.

65 In a case of this nature, as between the oral evidence of the parties and
the objective contemporaneous documentary evidence, greater emphasis should be
placed on the latter (see _Ng Chee Chuan v Ng Ai Tee (administratrix of the
estate of Yap Yoon Moi, deceased)_ [2009] 2 SLR(R) 918 at [17]). At the
material time, both parties were legally represented, and the Two Instruments
were considered and approved by the respective solicitors as representing what
their clients were prepared to accept, in contrast to what they would have
preferred. It would be fair to assume that the legal effect of the Two
Instruments would have been explained to the parties by their respective
solicitors. It might well be true that Anwar never intended to sell the
Property, and certainly not at the price of $20m, which was lower than even
the forced sale value of $23.2m indicated in the Colliers Report (although
that was dated 15 April 2009, some seven weeks before the First Option was
granted to ECI). Be that as it may, Anwar cannot deny that while he might not
have wanted to sell the Property (which, as mentioned at [62] above, we
accept) – and he was even confident (as the Judge noted at [58] of the
Judgment) that he would not have to sell the Property as he felt sure he could
raise, within the 60-Day Period, the $1.68m needed for Ridout to cancel the
First Option – if he should fail to raise the $1.68m, ECI would be able to
exercise the First Option and buy over the Property. This, we find, was
precisely what happened. It should be highlighted that the conversation which
transpired between Panthradil and Anwar (reproduced in the quotation at [50]
above) and Anwar’s (misplaced) confidence in being able to “clear it”[note:
48] (_ie_ , raise the $1.68m which Ridout had to pay to cancel the First
Option) clearly show that Anwar was _fully aware_ of the fact that the
Transaction was, in fact, an agreement for the sale of the Property by Ridout
to ECI. The arrangement set out in the Two Instruments gave Anwar some hope of
keeping the Property, but it does not lie in his mouth to now claim that he
did not fully appreciate the consequential effects of his failure to raise the
$1.68m which Ridout had to pay to have the First Option cancelled. As it
turned out, Anwar’s confidence was ill-founded. However, that is hardly a
proper basis or ground to hold that the Two Instruments do not mean what they
say. There is nothing in the Two Instruments which is unclear or ambiguous.

66 We turn next to the three respondents’ argument that at the 5 June 2009
meeting, there was no real negotiation on the purchase price stated in the
First Option. To say the least, the state of the property market at that point
in time was uncertain. The Colliers Report, which was dated 15 April 2009,
placed a forced value of $23.2m on the Property, while the Savills Report
placed a forced sale value of $21.6m on it (as at 5 June 2009). To put the
matter most favourably to Anwar, the only reason we could think of as to why
he agreed to state the purchase price as $20m in the First Option was because
he was confident – extremely confident – that he would not have to sell the
Property and, thus, the purchase price stated in the First Option was, in his
view at that time, no more than an academic figure.

67 We would highlight that there is another implication which arises from the
three respondents’ assertion that the Two Instruments were a disguise for what
was in truth a secured loan with a high interest rate. As mentioned earlier
(at [6] and [65] above), the Two Instruments were drawn up and considered by
solicitors. If the three respondents’ claim were true, it would mean that both
ECI’s solicitors and Ridout’s solicitors were involved in creating the
disguised loan. It is not necessary for us, at this point, to offer any views
on the impropriety or want of probity of such conduct on the part of the
solicitors concerned if the claim is indeed true. More significantly, we note
that at the trial, Ridout’s counsel did not put it to either YS Low or CS Lee
that they were instructed to draw up the Two Instruments to disguise what was
really a secured loan with a high interest rate.

68 This brings us to a related issue raised by the three respondents, _viz_ ,
the fact that CS Lee had considered the applicability and/or the implications
of the Moneylenders Act _vis-à-vis_ the Transaction. This was harped on by the
three respondents to reinforce their claim that the Transaction was a
moneylending transaction _simpliciter_. In our opinion, there is a leap in
logic in this argument. It is hard for us to see how the mere fact that CS Lee
was thorough in his consideration of all the _potential_ implications of the
Transaction supports the view that the Transaction was a disguised
moneylending transaction (or, for that matter, the converse view that the
Transaction was what it purported to be, _viz_ , an agreement for the sale of
the Property by Ridout to ECI). The three respondents’ argument on this point
is a _non sequitur_.

69 We now turn to the three respondents’ arguments on ECI’s tardiness in
taking steps to complete the purchase of the Property after exercising the
First Option on 27 August 2009. It was emphasised that ECI did nothing on the
conveyancing front for a long period after it exercised the First Option.
Furthermore, in spite of the fact that the purported date for the completion
of the purchase of the Property was 19 November 2009, ECI only made the
necessary legal requisitions on 16, 17 and _even_ 20 November 2009.[note: 49]
The First Option was only stamped on 24 November 2009,[note: 50] five days
after the purported completion date. No financing arrangement was made to
enable ECI to complete the purchase (in this regard, as mentioned at [46]
above, although HLF offered ECI a loan of $18m on 9 September 2009 to complete
the purchase, that offer was allowed to lapse). At [44] and [46] above, we
have already set out the explanations of ECI on these matters. In our view,
these matters are more germane to the Second Main Issue (which we will
consider at [75]  _et seq_ below), _viz_ , the issue of whether, if the
Transaction was indeed for the sale of the Property by Ridout to ECI, the
latter should be granted specific performance of the Sale Agreement (as
defined at [15] above).

70 We also note Ridout’s contention that ECI’s delay in taking steps to
complete the purchase of the Property was due to the desire of KC Tan and Poh
to extract the maximum monetary compensation from Ridout in return for
withdrawing the two caveats lodged by ECI against the Property. Put in another
way, Ridout’s contention, in essence, was that completing the purchase of the
Property was, by the time of the September 2009 Settlement, clearly no longer
in the minds of KC Tan and Poh. According to Ridout, the exchanges between it
and ECI showed that ECI exercised the First Option on 27 August 2009 merely
for the purpose of preserving its bargaining portion, as opposed to for the
purpose of completing its purchase of the Property. In support of this
argument, Ridout pointed to Poh’s evidence that even though ECI exercised the
First Option on 27 August 2009, it was still prepared to forego completion of
the purchase if it received more compensation from Ridout:[note: 51]

Q.So, although in your minds, on 27 August [2009], as you told us, you have
already exercised your option to buy the [P]roperty, _you were still prepared
to give it back if you got an extra $2 million; correct_?

A.Yes.

[emphasis added]

We also note that the Judge, at [30] of the Judgment, said:

On [ECI]’s side, I find that [it] sensed an opportunity to make money. If [it]
could drive a hard bargain, [it] had nothing to lose. If [Anwar] managed to
pay off the $1.5m, [ECI] would reap a profit of $180,000 for [its] 60-day
loan. If [Anwar] did not manage to pay off the $1.5m, [it] had the option to
purchase the Property at $3.2m below the forced sale valuation of $23.2m.

71 We do not see how the circumstances enumerated above entail that the
Transaction should be regarded as a loan _simpliciter_ and nothing else. While
ECI _did_ drive a hard bargain in the hope (as so aptly put by the Judge at
[30] of the Judgment) of achieving a gain regardless of whether or not Ridout
cancelled the First Option, the Transaction was nevertheless an arrangement
entered into freely by Anwar on behalf of Ridout. No one and nothing compelled
Anwar to enter into it, except for his own financial predicament at the
material time. It cannot be sufficiently emphasised that Anwar had the benefit
of legal advice before he entered into the Transaction. The fact that he
miscalculated his own capacity – _viz_ , he believed (mistakenly, as it turned
out) that he could raise, within the 60-Day Period, the $1.68m needed to have
the First Option cancelled – cannot alter what the parties had agreed on.
Moreover, the fact that ECI, after exercising the First Option on 27 August
2009, was dilatory in taking steps to complete the purchase of the Property
cannot alter the fact that ECI was contractually entitled to have the Property
conveyed to it at the price of $20m. ECI’s tardiness in this regard is
relevant only to the Second Main Issue (see [75]  _et seq_ below).

72 Before we leave the First Main Issue, we wish to address an argument raised
by counsel for Thomas Chan. His contention was that the First Option, read
with the Deed of Settlement, meant that ECI did not have a “true” option in
the sense that ECI could not, within the 60-Day Period, choose to buy the
Property by exercising the First Option. ECI’s right to choose to buy the
Property was deferred for 60 days; in other words, there was no option at the
outset of the Transaction. It was submitted that had Ridout managed to pay ECI
the $1.68m within the 60-Day Period (which ended on 6 August 2009 as agreed by
the parties (see [9] above)), the obvious and only treatment of the
Transaction would be as a secured loan which had been repaid with (an
exorbitant) interest. Technically, no option to purchase the Property would
ever have existed.

73 In our opinion, this argument disregards the essential features of the
Transaction. The Two Instruments clearly provide that the First Option could
be exercised by ECI after the expiry of the 60-Day Period unless Ridout
fulfilled the condition to have the option cancelled. As things turned out,
Ridout did not fulfil that condition. The First Option _did_ become
exercisable by ECI, and the latter did exercise it on 27 August 2009. The
argument mounted by Thomas Chan’s counsel is flawed as the 60-Day Period and
the cancellation feature in the Deed of Settlement do not negate the
_existence_ of the First Option. In fact, much to the contrary, these aspects
of the Transaction are _evidence_ of the existence of the First Option: the
60-Day Period essentially created a period of deferment of ECI’s right to
exercise the First Option, which deferment in and of itself _presumes_ the
existence of the First Option. While it is true that had Ridout managed to
raise the $1.68m within the 60-Day Period, it would have cancelled the First
Option, the very idea that Ridout had a right to cancel the First Option
similarly acknowledges the existence of this option.

74 In the light of the foregoing, we are, with respect, unable to agree with
the Judge’s holding that the Transaction was in truth a secured loan. We find
that the weight of the evidence inextricably points towards the converse
finding that the true nature of the Transaction (as embodied in the Two
Instruments) is that of a genuine agreement for the sale of the Property by
Ridout to ECI. As Ridout did not fulfil the condition to have the First Option
cancelled within the 60-Day Period, we hold that ECI validly exercised that
option on 27 August 2009, and there came into being a valid contract (_ie_ ,
the Sale Agreement as defined at [15] above) under which Ridout was required
to sell the Property to ECI at the price of $20m.

The Second Main Issue: Whether specific performance of the Sale Agreement
should be granted to ECI

75 We turn now to the Second Main Issue. Given our ruling on the First Main
Issue, the Second Main Issue would now be more appropriately framed as,
simply, whether ECI should be granted specific performance of the Sale
Agreement (_cf_ the way in which we set out the Second Main Issue earlier at
sub-para (b) of [21] above). In the court below, the Judge held that even if a
valid agreement for the sale of the Property to ECI had come into being
between Ridout and ECI pursuant to the latter’s exercise of the First Option
on 27 August 2009, he would, in all the circumstances of the case and in
exercise of his discretion, have refused to grant ECI the equitable remedy of
specific performance. The crux of ECI’s challenge to this ruling by the Judge
is that as the Sale Agreement relates to immovable property, it is _prima
facie_ entitled to specific performance of that agreement.

76 The remedy of specific performance is founded in equity and is
discretionary in nature. It is settled principle that an appellate court will
only interfere with a first instance judge’s exercise of discretion on limited
grounds. As noted in _Guan Chong Cocoa Manufacturer Sdn Bhd v Pratiwi Shipping
SA_ [2003] 1 SLR(R) 157, an appellate court will only interfere if it is shown
that either: (a) the judge’s exercise of discretion was based on a
misunderstanding of the law and/or the evidence before him; or (b) the judge’s
decision was so aberrant that it must be set aside on the ground that no
reasonable judge mindful of his duty to act judicially could have reached it.
Enunciating the same principle are the cases of _The Vishva Apurva_ [1992] 1
SLR(R) 912 and _Federal Computer Services Sdn Bhd v Ang Jee Hai Eric_ [1991] 2
SLR(R) 427.

77 In the Judgment, the Judge gave five broad grounds for refusing to grant
ECI specific performance of the Sale Agreement, namely:

(a) ECI had sought to purchase the Property for investment/financial gain, for
which purpose the equitable remedy of specific performance was not granted as
a matter of course;

(b) damages would be an adequate remedy for ECI;

(c) ECI had come to equity with “unclean hands”;

(d) ECI had agreed to accept an enhanced compensation of $5m pursuant to the
November 2009 Settlement (_cf_ the compensation of $3.5m under the September
2009 Settlement) in exchange for not completing the purchase of the Property;
and

(e) ECI had acquiesced to Ridout’s sale of the Property to another party and
was therefore estopped from insisting on completing its purchase of the
Property.

78 In declining to grant ECI specific performance of the Sale Agreement, the
Judge departed from the orthodox position that specific performance will
always be decreed for what we will hereafter term “land contracts”, _ie_ ,
contracts relating to immovable property (see Gareth Jones & William Goodhart,
_Specific Performance_ (Butterworths, 2nd Ed, 1996) (“ _Jones & Goodhart_”) at
pp 128–132). The orthodox position is rooted in the premise that land is
deemed to be unique and no substitute is adequate (see _Wong Chee Siong and
another v Tan Boon Hwa and another_ [2010] SGHC 222 at [20]). Damages are
considered inadequate even when the interest in question is a mere commercial
lease for a short term (see _Excelsior Hotel Pte Ltd v Hiap Bee (Singapore)
Pte Ltd (OCBC Finance (Singapore) Ltd, intervener)_ [1989] 2 SLR(R) 322 at
[10]). The Judge departed from this orthodox position and relied on the
Canadian Supreme Court’s decision in _Sinnadurai Paramadevan and Blossom
Paramadevan v Bernard Semelhago_ [1996] 2 SCR 415 (“ _Semelhago_ ”) for the
proposition that specific performance should not be granted as a matter of
course for land contracts, absent evidence that the property concerned is
unique. He opined (at [106] of the Judgment) that as “the equitable origin of
specific performance … meant that discretion [was] its hallmark” (see Robert J
Sharpe, _Injunctions and Specific Performance_ (Canada Law Book, Looseleaf Ed,
2010 release) (“ _Sharpe_ ”) at para 8.90, which was cited at [103] of the
Judgment), he preferred the approach taken by the courts in Canada and also in
New Zealand. Reference was also made to the earlier local case of _Good
Property Land Development Pte Ltd v Société Générale_ [1989] 2 SLR(R) 97,
where our High Court observed at [26]:

… [W]here the main object of owning land is not the personal enjoyment thereof
but the profit derivable therefrom, it would be unrealistic to believe that
damages would not be an adequate remedy to the owner for the loss of the
mortgaged property. …

In such a situation, damages may still be considered adequate notwithstanding
that land is generally deemed to be unique (see _Coastland Properties Pte Ltd
v Lin Geok Choo_ [1993] 3 SLR(R) 890 at [2]).

79 In the discussion which follows, we will first set out the respective
parties’ submissions on the Judge’s view that specific performance should not
be granted as a matter of course for land contracts and the Judge’s reasons
for declining to grant ECI specific performance of the Sale Agreement in the
present case. We will then set out our decision on the Second Main Issue
proper.

The parties’ submissions on the Judge’s view that specific performance should
not be granted as a matter of course for land contracts

80 ECI submitted that _Semelhago_ should not be followed by the Singapore
courts because it has been the subject of much criticism, and applying the
principle therein would only lead to unwarranted uncertainty. ECI pointed to
the fact that the Alberta Law Reform Institute had appointed a board (“the
Alberta Board”) to consider whether the decision in _Semelhago_ ought to be
overturned by legislation. In its final report entitled “Contracts for the
Sale and Purchase of Land: Purchasers’ Remedies” (Final Report No 97, October
2009) (“Final Report No 97”), the Alberta Board recommended that the decision
in _Semelhago_ should be statutorily reversed and that land should be
conclusively deemed to be unique for the purposes of obtaining specific
performance. This approach was thought to be necessary as it would avoid the
inherent uncertainties of an assessment of damages and would put the
prospective purchaser in a land contract in the precise position that he would
have been in had the contract been performed. To buttress its position, ECI
observed that the inherent difficulty of assessing damages for land contracts
was recognised by our High Court in _Ong Hien Yeow and another v Central
Chambers LLC and another_ [2011] 1 SLR 1186.

81 ECI further submitted that in the present case, the quantification of the
damages to be awarded to it in lieu of specific performance would be
especially difficult as it had sought to purchase the Property for
development. According to ECI, damages should not be computed solely by
reference to the difference between the market value of the Property at the
material time and the purchase price of $20m stated in the First Option, but
should also take into account the profit that ECI would have earned had it
sold the Property after developing it.

82 Additionally, ECI argued that if specific performance were denied to a
prospective purchaser in a land contract on the basis that the land in
question had not been shown to be unique or that the prospective purchaser was
a property developer or speculator, it would mean that such a purchaser’s
rights would be nothing more than a personal right against the vendor. The
prospective purchaser would have no interest in land capable of protection by
way of a caveat, and might not even be entitled to lodge a caveat against the
property even though he had been granted an option to purchase the property.
There would also be wider repercussions in that the land register would no
longer afford protection to prospective purchasers, who, given the prevalence
of condominium and strata developments in Singapore, would constitute a
substantial portion of the users of the land register. In short, ECI contended
that following the principle laid down in _Semelhago_ would lead to the
creation of a new rule _vis-à-vis_ the availability (or otherwise) of specific
performance to property developers or speculators who viewed land as a
fungible good. A party who intended to purchase property for personal
enjoyment would be in a better position than one who intended to purchase
property for purposes other than self-occupation, and that would contravene
the fundamental legal principle of equality of law as well as the equitable
maxim that “equity is equality” (see generally Paul J Brenner, “Specific
Performance of Contracts for the Sale of Land Purchased for Resale or
Investment for Resale or Investment” (1978) 24 McGill LJ 513 (“the 1978 McGill
Law Journal article”)).

83 In response to ECI’s submissions, Thomas Chan pointed out that the
recommendations contained in Final Report No 97 had not been accepted and
enacted into law, and that the Canadian courts had continued to apply the
principle laid down in _Semelhago_. He contended that it was not true that
adopting the principle established in _Semelhago_ would create unwarranted
uncertainty, citing, in support of his argument, _Sharpe_ at para 8.90 (also
quoted by the Judge at [103] of the Judgment), which states that “[c]ertainty
is not the only legal value worth pursuing in the remedial context”. What
_Semelhago_ did, according to _Sharpe_ at para 8.60, was “not to replace the
presumption of uniqueness with the presumption of replaceability, but … to
open the door to a critical inquiry as to the nature and function of the
property in relation to the prospective purchaser”. Where the prospective
purchaser’s interest in a particular piece of property was in relation to
investment or resale, the proposition that a substitute for the property could
not be found and, therefore, damages would be inadequate was dubious and
specific performance would be refused.

84 As for Orion, it pointed out that the English courts’ reservation of a
special position for land (_ie_ , that land was unique and damages would not
be an adequate remedy) derived from socio-political factors. As explained by
David Cohen in his article “The Relationship of Contractual Remedies to
Political and Social Status: A Preliminary Inquiry” (1982) 32 Univ of Toronto
LJ 31, land in pre-industrial England accorded its owner the right to vote and
also granted its owner considerable political influence; therefore, damages
were never adequate because of the intangible rights and social status that
each parcel of land in England conferred upon its owner. Orion submitted that
those considerations had no application in modern-day Singapore. Moreover, the
vibrant real estate market in modern society meant that land was more easily
and readily valued as compared to the past. Orion pointed out that even Paul J
Brenner, one of the proponents of granting specific performance as a matter of
course for land contracts, had recognised in the 1978 McGill Law Journal
article (see [82] above) that where the property involved was intended to be
purchased for resale or speculative purposes with the sole view of making a
quick profit in a short period of time, damages would be easily quantifiable.

85 It appears that the Canadian courts have recognised that land today is no
longer tied to the attributes which might have driven the _almost_ automatic
availability of specific performance for land contracts in the past, and have,
accordingly, taken what seems like an increasingly principled approach in
areas where the rigid application of the orthodox position (as set out at [78]
above) has sometimes outstripped its true purpose (see, _eg_ , _Domowicz et al
v Orsa Investments Ltd_ (1993) 15 OR (3d) 661). An earlier case where this
more principled approach was canvassed and adopted was the Ontario High Court
case of _Heron Bay Investments Ltd v Peel-Elder Developments Ltd_ (1976) 2 CPC
338, where it was noted (at [4]) that the reasoning behind the grant of
specific performance for land contracts did not apply in instances where land
was purchased merely as an investment for the purposes of development and
resale at a profit. In such cases, any loss of profits could obviously be
compensated in damages (see also _Chaulk v Fairview Construction Limited_
(1977) 33 APR 13 and the more recent case of _Neretlis v Meade_ [2005] OJ 638
at [42]–[43]).

86 We also note that the Canadian courts are not alone in adopting this
restrictive approach. In _Landco Albany Ltd v Fu Hao Construction Ltd_ [2006]
2 NZLR 174, the New Zealand Court of Appeal denied specific performance as the
party seeking this remedy only had a “plainly commercial rather than private
or sentimental [interest]” (at [43]) in the property in question. Since that
party had entered into the transaction for profit-making purposes, it was
found that damages would be an adequate remedy.

87 Interestingly, the seeds of this restrictive approach towards the grant of
specific performance for land contracts were sowed in the much earlier case of
_Loan Investment Corporation of Australasia v Bonner_ [1970] NZLR 724, a
decision of the Privy Council on an appeal from New Zealand. In that case, the
purchaser sought specific performance of a contract for the sale and purchase
of a parcel of land at the price of £13,300, with a provision for £11,000 of
the purchase money to be lent to the purchaser for a ten-year term. The Privy
Council reversed (by a majority of 4:1) the New Zealand Court of Appeal’s
decision that specific performance would be granted as of right since the
contract in question was for the sale of land. Lord Pearson (delivering the
judgment of the majority of the Privy Council) held that specific performance
would be denied as the agreement was a “composite contract … predominantly in
the nature of a commercial bargain” (at 735). The majority of the Privy
Council found that, on the facts, the provision for a loan to the purchaser
was not the ancillary but the principal transaction, and, thus, damages would
be a sufficient and suitable remedy.

The parties’ submissions on the Judge’s reasons for declining to grant ECI
specific performance of the Sale Agreement

88 We now move on to the parties’ submissions on the Judge’s reasons for
declining to grant ECI specific performance of the Sale Agreement in the
present case.

Damages would be an adequate remedy

89 We begin with the Judge’s ruling that damages would be an adequate remedy
for ECI. It is well-established that where a defendant is not “good for his
money” (so to speak), the court will take this factor into account in deciding
whether to grant a decree of specific performance in favour of the plaintiff
(see _Chitty on Contracts_ (H G Beale gen ed) (Sweet & Maxwell, 30th Ed, 2008)
at vol 1, para 27­-008). ECI reminded this court that if it were denied
specific performance of the Sale Agreement, it would be left with nothing but
an unsecured claim against an insolvent debtor.

90 In our view, it is necessary to take a closer look at the validity of ECI’s
assertion. In its application in Summons No 2585 of 2010 to discharge HLF as a
party to OS 1357, ECI sought, _inter alia_ , the following order:[note: 52]

That the proceeds of any mortgagee’s sale of the Property … that may be
conducted by [HLF] be paid into Court, less the money and liability secured by
the mortgage and the costs incurred by [HLF] in defending [the] action …

This, counsel for Thomas Chan argued, showed that ECI was content to let HLF
sell the Property and to maintain its claim only against the remainder of the
sale proceeds.

91 Equally germane in this regard is ECI’s conduct during the period leading
up to the September 2009 Settlement and the November 2009 Settlement. It
clearly shows that ECI was at all times amenable to giving up its entitlement
to the Property in return for monetary compensation, provided the quantum was
right. Thus, its assertion now that damages alone would not be an adequate
remedy rings hollow.

ECI did not come to equity with “clean hands”

92 As stated at (_inter alia_) sub-para (c) of [19] above, one of the Judge’s
reasons for refusing ECI the remedy of specific performance was that it had
not approached the court with “clean hands”. In this regard, it is trite that
any conduct which disentitles a party from equitable relief must stem from the
facts relied upon to invoke the court’s conscience. In other words, the
conduct complained of must have an immediate and necessary relation to the
equity sued for, and it must be a depravity in the legal as well as moral
sense (see _Halsbury’s Laws of Singapore_ vol 9(2) (LexisNexis, 2003) at para
110.016).

93 In I C F Spry, _The Principles of Equitable Remedies: Specific Performance,
Injunctions, Rectification and Equitable Damages_ (Sweet & Maxwell, 8th Ed,
2010) (“Spry’s _Equitable Remedies_ ”), the learned author opines at p 246
that the cases in which an applicant is denied specific performance generally
fall in two main categories, namely:

(a) cases where the applicant has materially misled the court or abused its
process, or has attempted to do so (an example given by the author is the
conscious making to the court of a material statement which is untrue); and

(b) cases where the grant of specific performance would enable the applicant
to achieve a dishonest purpose and would, in all the circumstances, be
inequitable.

94 In the present case, the Judge found that ECI did not come to court with
“clean hands” because: (a) the purchase price of $20m, being at a gross
undervalue, would cause hardship to Ridout; (b) ECI initiated OS 1357 without
making full disclosure of the material facts as to how the First Option came
to be exercised (in particular, no mention was made of the Deed of
Settlement); and (c) ECI failed to make timely discovery.

95 ECI took issue with the Judge’s finding (at sub-para (a) of [114] of the
Judgment) that it had sought to purchase the Property at an undervalued price
which had no relation to the then market value of the Property. It contended
that its act of negotiating a deal for its own benefit could not be an
inequitable or unconscionable act as it was under no legal duty to do
otherwise (citing _Beckkett v Deutsche Bank_ at [114]). On the other hand, the
three respondents argued that ECI’s argument wholly missed the point, _viz_ ,
that the Judge’s view was that: (a) there was inequitable conduct on the part
of ECI in insisting on carrying through the Transaction when it clearly knew
that the parties never intended for it to be an actual sale of the Property by
Ridout to ECI; (b) it was totally illogical for Anwar to agree to a purchase
price which was significantly lower than both the open market value and the
forced sale value of the Property; and (c) the common intention of the parties
could not have been to truly enter into an agreement for the sale of the
Property to ECI.

96 We have, at [65]–[74] above, explained why we do not share the Judge’s view
that Ridout did not intend to grant to ECI (via the First Option) a genuine
option (although cancellable by Ridout within the 60-Day Period) to purchase
the Property. For the same reasons, Ridout must be taken to have agreed to
sell the Property to ECI at the price of $20m. It is not for the court to
review, _ex post facto_ , the reasonableness of a transaction freely concluded
between (what are essentially) two commercial entities. The court should not
substitute its views on commercial wisdom for those of the contracting
parties, especially in a case like the present where both parties (_viz_ ,
Anwar acting via Ridout, and KC Tan and Poh acting via ECI) are men of
business. It must be borne in mind that the property market at the material
time was very much affected by the unprecedented global financial collapse.
The real effects of that financial collapse on the Singapore property market
were not something which any person could reasonably predict at that time. We
should not use the benefit of hindsight to determine the wisdom of the
Transaction. Perhaps because of the then uncertainty in the property market,
ECI acted cautiously (by offering a low price for the Property); or,
alternatively, knowing of Anwar’s financial desperation, ECI tried to
“squeeze” him, which was what the Judge thought was the case (see [30] of the
Judgment). Whatever might have been the case, ECI’s conduct in driving down
the purchase price of the Property as much as it could was neither legally
improper nor unconscionable. Thus, on the question of the low purchase price
of the Property alone, there is, in our view, nothing “unclean” on that
account in ECI seeking to enforce the Sale Agreement. We would reiterate that
both parties were represented in the Transaction by solicitors.

97 Similarly, we do not think that there was really any material lack of
candour on the part of ECI in commencing OS 1357 without mentioning the Deed
of Settlement. This is because after the expiry of the 60-Day Period, Ridout’s
right to cancel the First Option lapsed, with the consequential effect that
the Deed of Settlement became spent. It was not really wrong for ECI to take
the view that the Deed of Settlement was irrelevant to its claim for specific
performance of the Sale Agreement.

98 Before we move away from this sub-issue as to whether ECI approached the
court with “clean hands”, we ought to address the Judge’s adverse comments on
ECI’s conduct in making late discovery of the litigation search conducted on
Anwar as well as the documents relating to the settlement negotiations between
the parties. On this, we do not think that the following explanation offered
by ECI lacked reasonableness: Ridout did not take any issue with the
litigation search until Anwar’s AEIC was filed on 25 June 2010. ECI gave
discovery of the litigation search on 30 June 2010 after Orion, by way of
letters dated 23 and 28 June 2010, requested for copies of all searches
conducted by ECI in connection with its intended purchase of the Property. As
for the documents relating to the parties’ settlement negotiations, the point
made by ECI was that those negotiations had been conducted on a “without
prejudice” basis and it therefore thought the documents ought not to be
disclosed. In any event, upon the appointment of Rajah & Tann LLP as its
solicitors, ECI did provide full discovery of all the relevant documents. All
the purported “omissions” on ECI’s part _vis-à-vis_ discovery were rectified
before the start of the trial and none of the three respondents complained
that it was taken by surprise.

Estoppel by acquiescence applied to ECI

99 Estoppel by acquiescence was another factor relied on by the Judge in
deciding not to grant ECI specific performance (see sub-para (e) of both [19]
and [77] above). ECI argued that the Judge erred in holding that estoppel by
acquiescence would apply following from (_inter alia_) the November 2009
Settlement. It averred that under the terms of that settlement, the settlement
sum of $5m was to be paid upfront (to be precise, by noon on 16 November
2009), and not only upon the completion of the sale of the Property to another
purchaser. As the payment did not materialise by the stipulated deadline, ECI
was entitled to enforce its rights under the Sale Agreement (the First Option
having been exercised on 27 August 2009). Given that it was an express term of
the November 2009 Settlement that ECI could proceed with the purchase of the
Property should Ridout fail to comply with the terms of that settlement, it
was plainly impermissible for the Judge to infer an estoppel by acquiescence.

100 In this regard, ECI also submitted that the Judge erred in inferring an
estoppel by acquiescence from the fact that it did not object or protest when
informed that Ridout was trying to sell the Property to another purchaser. ECI
explained that its lack of response to this news was because it saw no cause
for it to object or protest since it already had a valid agreement to purchase
the Property and had also lodged two caveats against the Property to protect
its interest therein. In any event, ECI submitted, it should not be deprived
of its legal rights simply because it had not warned Ridout to refrain from
doing something that Ridout could not legally have done: as long as ECI’s
caveats remained, Ridout could not have validly sold the Property to another
purchaser. ECI also pointed out that when it learnt on 3 November 2009 of the
grant of the Second Option to Thomas Chan, its solicitors immediately wrote to
Ridout’s solicitors on 4 November 2009 to register its objection and stated
that ECI “was now compelled to seek legal recourse by way of specific
performance”.[note: 53] This, ECI contended, was clearly not the conduct of a
prospective purchaser who had allegedly acquiesced to the sale of the Property
to another party.

101 In response to the above arguments by ECI, Ridout contended that it had
relied on ECI’s representation that it could look for other buyers. This
followed as a result of Ridout’s failure to have the First Option cancelled
and Ridout’s appeal to ECI not to exercise that option. Ridout submitted that
its detrimental reliance on ECI’s conduct was evidenced by its having incurred
time and expenditure in searching for an alternative purchaser, as well as
liability to Thomas Chan and any intermediaries involved in the grant of the
Second Option. Ridout also argued that while it was no doubt true that ECI’s
solicitors wrote to Ridout’s solicitors on 4 November 2009 to object after ECI
found out (on 3 November 2009) that the Second Option had been granted to
Thomas Chan, that letter was, at best, a perfunctory letter. Thereafter,
further negotiations between the parties continued, culminating in the
November 2009 Settlement. Ridout submitted that it would be inequitable for
ECI to renege on its position and feign ignorance of the sale to Thomas Chan,
which it had acquiesced to (citing _Lam Chi Kin David v Deutsche Bank AG_
[2010] 2 SLR 896).

102 As for Orion and Thomas Chan, they submitted that in the light of the
subsequent agreements reached between ECI and Ridout after 11 August 2009 (the
date on which ECI rejected Ridout’s purported cancellation of the First
Option) to allow Anwar to seek another purchaser for the Property and to pay
ECI much higher compensation in return, the First Option, which formed the
basis of ECI’s claim for specific performance, fell away and, as such, the
Judge was correct in holding that ECI’s claim for specific performance must
fail as ECI’s rights under the First Option (if any) would have been
superseded by the subsequent settlement agreements (_viz_ , the September 2009
Settlement and the November 2009 Settlement).

Our decision on whether specific performance of the Sale Agreement should be
granted

103 In the light of the discussion above, it can be seen that _vis-à-vis_ the
Second Main Issue, we are not in agreement with two of the Judge’s grounds for
refusing to grant ECI specific performance of the Sale Agreement: one, that
the Transaction was “unclean” because of the extremely low purchase price of
the Property; and two, that ECI had not approached the court with “clean
hands” because it had suppressed material information and had been late in
making discovery. However, apart from these two aspects, we are in agreement
with the Judge’s holding that in the circumstances of this case, specific
performance of the Sale Agreement should not be granted to ECI. In coming to
this conclusion, we do not find it necessary, on the basis of the prevailing
facts, to rely upon the more restrictive approach towards the grant of
specific performance for land contracts espoused in the Canadian and the New
Zealand cases. As specific performance is an equitable and discretionary
remedy, the court must, in any event, take into consideration all the
circumstances of the case at hand in order to ensure that it would be just and
equitable to grant the relief. In the present case, the following
considerations are, in our view, germane.

104 First, we note that after ECI exercised the First Option on 27 August
2009, it was quite content to forego its right to acquire the Property if the
compensation offered to it was right. This is shown by the fact that following
the improvement in the property market during that period, the compensation
demanded by ECI escalated from $180,000 (as set out in the Deed of Settlement)
to $3.5m under the September 2009 Settlement, and subsequently, to $5m under
the November 2009 Settlement.

105 Second, in line with its desire for a settlement if the compensation
offered was right, ECI implicitly permitted Ridout to look for other buyers as
ECI knew quite clearly that Ridout/Anwar had no other means to pay the
compensation demanded except by selling the Property to another person. We
agree with the Judge’s observations that: (a) “it [was] clear [ECI] was happy
not to proceed with completion and was trying to seek some kind of quick
turnaround and large payout” (see [108] of the Judgment); and (b) “[ECI] by
its conduct after 11 August 2009 clearly led [Anwar] to believe that it
agreed, for a higher ‘compensation’, to allow [Anwar] to look for another
buyer and … would not proceed to complete the purchase of the Property” (see
[120] of the Judgment).

106 Third, there should have been a happy ending under the November 2009
Settlement, but it was not to be. It is true that by JLC’s letter to TLP of 11
November 2009, Ridout agreed to pay ECI the sum of $5m by noon on 16 November
2009, but, as things turned out, Ridout could not raise that sum in time. Its
request for a mere two-day extension to make payment was rejected. We agree
with the Judge’s finding (at [115] of the Judgment) that ECI did not agree to
this extension “because of the significant rise in property prices and decided
to go for a bigger payout, by claiming the Property itself”.

107 Fourth, during the hearing of the present appeals, counsel for ECI brought
it to our attention that in the event of our ruling that the Transaction was
indeed for the sale of the Property by Ridout to ECI, this court should order
that the transfer of the Property to Thomas Chan (which was effected on 17
December 2010 following the judgment of the court below) be undone. It is
trite that an appeal does not operate as a stay of execution (see s 41 of the
Supreme Court of Judicature Act (Cap 322, 2007 Rev Ed) and O 57 r 15(1)(_a_)
of the Rules of Court). Although ECI’s failure/omission to apply for a stay of
the transfer of the Property to Thomas Chan does not _ipso facto_ disentitle
it from praying to this court for specific performance of the Sale Agreement,
its failure/omission in this regard is a factor which the court can take into
account in determining fairness and in exercising its discretion to grant or
refuse specific performance.

108 Fifth, and more importantly, we note that Orion has a charge over the
balance of the sale proceeds of the Property (after the satisfaction of HLF’s
prior interest) as security for its loan of $10m to Anwar (see, _inter alia_ ,
[3] above). Tremendous hardship would be suffered by Orion should specific
performance of the Sale Agreement be granted to ECI as the Property would then
be sold to ECI for a mere $20m. There would, in that scenario, be very little
money left from the sale proceeds of the Property for Orion after HLF has
taken its share of the sale proceeds as mortgagee. This would be extremely
unfair to Orion. On the other hand, Orion would not suffer any hardship if the
sale of the Property to Thomas Chan is allowed to stand, _ie_ , if ECI is
refused specific performance. Hardship to a third party is a factor which the
court can take into consideration in determining whether to grant specific
performance (see Spry’s _Equitable Remedies_ at pp 201–203). This ground for
refusing specific performance generally applies to the sale or mortgage of
limited or part interests in immovable property where the sale of the entire
property in question might prejudice the rights of other persons beneficially
interested in that property. For example, a subsequent purchaser who has
contracted to purchase land from the vendor may suffer hardship if the earlier
purchaser is granted specific performance (for instance, the subsequent
purchaser may have spent money on improvements to the land (see _Mitz v
Wiseman et al; Strathalian Beach Association, Third Party_ (1971) 22 DLR (3d)
513; see also _Jones & Goodhart_ at pp 112 and 121–122)). That said, we also
note that such hardship may not necessarily arise in every instance.

109 An example of when it would be appropriate to refuse specific performance
on the ground of hardship to a third party can be found in _Wroth and Another
v Tyler_ [1974] Ch 30. In that case, the defendant agreed to sell a bungalow
to the plaintiff. Unknown to the plaintiff, the defendant’s wife, who was
unhappy with the arrangement, registered her right of occupation under s 1(1)
of the Matrimonial Homes Act 1967 (c 75) (UK) (“the Matrimonial Homes Act”)
the day after the contract was concluded. The defendant, being unable to
complete the sale in view of his unsuccessful attempts to persuade his wife to
remove her notice from the register, informed the plaintiff that he was unable
to complete and offered to pay damages instead. The plaintiff issued a writ
seeking specific performance of the agreement and damages in lieu of or in
addition to specific performance, together with other reliefs. The agreed
evidence before the court showed that the bungalow was worth £7,500 at the
date fixed for completion and £11,500 at the date of the hearing. Megarry J
held that an order for specific performance subject to the wife’s right of
occupation could lead to the defendant’s family being split up because
although s 1(1) of the Matrimonial Homes Act protected the defendant’s wife
against eviction, it gave no protection to either the defendant or the
couple’s daughter, and they, especially the defendant, might well be liable to
eviction by the plaintiff after completion. Given those circumstances, Megarry
J stated that if any reasonable alternative existed, the court should be slow
to make an order for specific performance. Megarry J eventually awarded the
plaintiff damages of £5,500 (assessed as at 11 January 1973) in lieu of
specific performance. This case was applied in _Clark and another v Lucas
Solicitors LLP_ [2010] 2 All ER 955.

110 In this connection, it should be noted that hardship to one of the parties
to a land contract (as opposed to hardship to a third party) can also be a
ground for refusing specific performance. This can be seen from _Dowsett v
Reid_ (1912) 15 CLR 695, a decision of the High Court of Australia. In that
case, the appellant sought to lease his land (and the structures thereon) to
the respondent, who also had an option to purchase the land, on terms which
later turned out to be totally unfavourable to the appellant. The appellant
repudiated the agreement. The respondent’s claim for specific performance
succeeded at first instance. On appeal to the High Court of Australia, the
court allowed the appeal and substituted the order for specific performance
with damages. Griffith CJ, clearly moved by the argument that an order for
specific performance should be weighed against the great hardship that might
result, stated that “[t]he Court [was] not bound to enforce a bargain which
would work great hardship upon either party” (at 706).

111 Reverting to the present appeals, having regard to the totality of the
considerations discussed at [104]–[110] above, particularly the fact that the
grant of specific performance to ECI would be unfair and would cause great
hardship to Orion, we do not think that it would be just and equitable to
grant such relief to ECI. In the context of this case, damages would be an
adequate remedy for ECI.

112 As regards ECI’s argument that Ridout is no longer good for its money, we
can do no better than quote what the Judge said in this regard at [110] of the
Judgment:

… [ECI] _knew_ of [Anwar]’s financial position, sought security for its loan,
used the fact that there were many actions taken out against [Anwar] as a
credit risk and took the risk to lend money to [Anwar], albeit through
[Ridout], for a handsome reward [in the form of the $180,000 compensation fee]
in the first instance and a windfall in the second and third “agreements”
[_ie_ , the September 2009 Settlement and the November 2009 Settlement]. It
chose to take the risk of allowing [Ridout] to look for a second buyer to
enable it to reap those windfalls and having so chosen, it now must face the
consequences of the risk materialising. [emphasis in original]

113 Finally, before we conclude, we ought to mention that _vis-à-vis_ the
Second Main Issue, ECI also raised other arguments before this court, _eg_ ,
that it was entitled to the proceeds of sale paid by Thomas Chan under a
constructive trust, and that the Judge was unduly sympathetic towards Thomas
Chan. In the light of our decision, we do not see how a constructive trust
could arise in favour of ECI; neither is the question of sympathy to Thomas
Chan relevant.

Conclusion

114 In the result, CA 177 is dismissed because although we find (contrary to
the Judge’s ruling) that the Transaction was genuinely for the sale of the
Property by Ridout to ECI, we agree with the Judge that it is not appropriate
to grant ECI specific performance of the Sale Agreement in the present case.
There shall, instead, be an assessment of the damages suffered by ECI as a
result of Ridout’s failure to honour the Sale Agreement. As regards CA 184, in
view of our decision in CA 177, it must also be dismissed. On the question of
the appropriate order on costs, the parties are to let us have their
submissions in writing within one week from the date of this judgment.

* * *

[note: 1]See the Appellant’s Core Bundle filed by ECI for CA 177 (“ACB (CA
177)”) at vol 2, p 107.

[note: 2]See ACB (CA 177) at vol 2, p 115.

[note: 3]See ACB (CA 177) at vol 2, p 119.

[note: 4]See ACB (CA 177) at vol 2, p 151.

[note: 5]See ACB (CA 177) at vol 2, p 152.

[note: 6]See ACB (CA 177) at vol 2, p 151.

[note: 7]See ACB (CA 177) at vol 2, p 174.

[note: 8]See the Joint Record of Appeal dated 7 January 2011 (“ROA”) at vol
5(A), p 3469.

[note: 9]See ACB (CA 177) at vol 2, p 186.

[note: 10]See ACB (CA 177) at vol 2, p 198.

[note: 11]See prayer 1 of OS 1357 (at vol 2, p 114 of the Appellant’s Core
Bundle filed by Ridout for CA 184 (“ACB (CA 184)”)).

[note: 12]See the transcript of the notes of evidence for the hearing in the
court below (“the NE”) on 8 July 2010 as reproduced at ROA vol 3(E), pp 2532
(line 2)–2533 (line 2).

[note: 13]See the NE for 8 July 2010 as reproduced at ROA vol 3(E), p 2520
(line 15).

[note: 14]See the NE for 5 July 2010 as reproduced at ROA vol 3(D), p 2077
(lines 1–20).

[note: 15]See ACB (CA 177) at vol 2, p 107.

[note: 16]_Ibid_.

[note: 17]See the Supplemental Bundle of Documents dated 24 February 2011
filed by Thomas Chan for CA 177 (“the 4th Respondent’s BOD”) at p 13.

[note: 18]See the 4th Respondent’s BOD at p 52.

[note: 19]See the NE for 5 July 2010 as reproduced at ROA vol 3(D), p 2110
(lines 15–22).

[note: 20]See the NE for 7 July 2010 as reproduced at ROA vol 3(E), p 2359
(lines 14–18).

[note: 21]See the NE for 8 July 2010 as reproduced at ROA vol 3(E), pp 2536
(line 13)–2537 (line 3).

[note: 22]See the NE for 6 July 2010 as reproduced at ROA vol 3(D), p 2213
(lines 18–19).

[note: 23]See the NE for 8 July 2010 as reproduced at ROA vol 3(E), p 2559
(lines 19–20).

[note: 24]See ACB (CA 177) at vol 2, p 169.

[note: 25]_Ibid_.

[note: 26]See ACB (CA 177) at vol 2, p 160.

[note: 27]See ACB (CA 177) at vol 2, p 172.

[note: 28]See ACB (CA 177) at vol 2, p 198.

[note: 29]See ACB (CA 177) at vol 2, pp 177 and 206 respectively.

[note: 30]See the 4th Respondent’s BOD at pp 23–46.

[note: 31]See the 4th Respondent’s BOD at p 47.

[note: 32]See ACB (CA 184) at vol 2, p 173.

[note: 33]See the NE for 6 July 2010 as reproduced at ROA vol 3(D), p 2145
(lines 6–7).

[note: 34]See the NE for 5 July 2010 as reproduced at ROA vol 3(D), p 2080
(lines 3–5); see also the NE for 7 July 2010 as reproduced at ROA vol 3(E), pp
2369 (line 2)–2370 (line 10).

[note: 35]See ACB (CA 177) at vol 2, p 185.

[note: 36]See ACB (CA 177) at vol 2, p 184.

[note: 37]See ACB (CA 177) at vol 2, p 186.

[note: 38]See the NE for 8 July 2010 as reproduced at ROA vol 3(E), p 2677
(lines 9–14).

[note: 39]See para 11 of Ridout’s Defence and Counterclaim filed on 16 June
2010 (at ACB (CA 184) vol 2, p 122).

[note: 40]See para 26 of Anwar’s AEIC filed on 25 June 2010 (at ACB (CA 184)
vol 2, p 231).

[note: 41]_Ibid_.

[note: 42]_Ibid_.

[note: 43]See the NE for 8 July 2010 as reproduced at ROA vol 3(E), pp 2729
(line 7)–2730 (line 20).

[note: 44]See the NE for 8 July 2010 as reproduced at ROA vol 3(E), pp 2714
(line 20)–2718 (line 10).

[note: 45]See the NE for 9 July 2010 as reproduced at ROA vol 3(E), pp 2872
(line 22)–2873 (line 8).

[note: 46]See the NE for 9 July 2010 as reproduced at ROA vol 3(E), p 2877
(lines 1–3).

[note: 47]See the NE for 7 July 2010 as reproduced at ROA vol 3(E), p 2355
(lines 16–20).

[note: 48]See the NE for 9 July 2010 as reproduced at ROA vol 3(E), p 2871
(line 17).

[note: 49]See the 4th Respondent’s BOD at pp 23–45.

[note: 50]see the 4th Respondent’s BOD at p 47.

[note: 51]See the NE for 6 July 2010 as reproduced at vol 3(D), p 2239 (lines
15–19).

[note: 52]See the 4th Respondent’s BOD at p 90.

[note: 53]See ACB (CA 177) at vol 2, p 212.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 28 Sep 2011 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

