Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  The “Rainbow Star”  
[2011] SGHC 35

Case Number| :| Admiralty in Rem No 151 of 2008  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 17 February 2011  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Judith Prakash J  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Thomas Tan (Haridass Ho & Partners) for the plaintiff; K
Muralitherapany (Joseph Tan Jude Benny LLP) for the defendant.  
Parties| :|  The "Rainbow Star"  
  
17 February 2011|  
---|---  
  
Judith Prakash J:

Introduction

1 This matter came before me as an appeal from an assessment of damages
carried out by the Assistant Registrar Ms Crystal Tan (“the AR”). The
assessment exercise was conducted in respect of claims made by both the
plaintiff and the defendant, and various sums were awarded to each of them.
The plaintiff, however, was not satisfied either with the award in its favour
or with the award in favour of the defendant and has appealed against various
components of both awards.

2 The plaintiff, Kreuz Shipbuilding & Engineering Pte Ltd, whom I shall
hereafter refer to as “the shipyard”, carries on the business of providing
ship docking and ship repair services in Singapore. The defendant, whom I
shall hereafter refer to as “the owner”, was the owner of a vessel called
_Rainbow Star_ (“the vessel”) which was an oilfield supply/towing vessel. In
March 2008, the owner sent the vessel to the shipyard for certain repair work
to be effected. On 8 June 2008, whilst the shipyard was carrying out work on
the vessel, an explosion occurred and this was followed by a fire. As a
result, the vessel became a constructive total loss.

3 In September 2008, the shipyard commenced this action in which it claimed
the costs of the repair works that it had carried out on the vessel prior to
the fire. The owner, alleging that the explosion and fire were caused by the
negligence of the shipyard and its employees, put in a counterclaim for the
loss and damage caused to it thereby. In October 2009, by consent,
interlocutory judgment for damages to be assessed was entered in respect of
the claim and the counterclaim.

The proceedings below

4 The claim by the shipyard was for payment of three invoices which it had
issued to the owner between May and August 2008. These were as follows:

(a) |  Invoice number 5551 dated 28 May 2008 |  $128,253  
---|---|---  
(b) |  Invoice number 5593 dated 16 July 2008 |  $476,929  
(c) |  Invoice number 5630 dated 28 August 2008 |  $22,596  
|  |  ________  
|  Total |  $627,778  
  
  

The amount claimed was, however, only $570,612.90 as the shipyard deducted an
advance payment made by the owner and also a sum which it had overcharged in
respect of certain pipes it had supplied.

5 The AR’s decision in respect of this claim was as follows:

(a)

in respect of invoice 5551 which the owner did not dispute, the AR awarded the
full sum of $128,253;

(b)

in respect of invoice 5593, the AR found that the following amounts were due
in respect of various works included in the invoice:

(1)

for pipes of normal length, $13,132;

(2)

for pipes of in between sizes, $4,506.66;

(3)

for steel work, $80,657.80;

(4)

for subcontractors’ invoices in respect of standard items, $16,869;

(5)

for subcontractors’ invoices in respect of non-standard items, $13,642.96;

(6)

in respect of lump sum items, nominal damages of $100; and

(7)

in respect of items of work admitted by the owner, $23,163;

(c)

in respect of invoice 5630, no amount was awarded at all.

6 The AR then went on to consider the owner’s counterclaim. Both parties had
agreed that the vessel be regarded and assessed as a constructive total loss.
On this basis, the owner’s counterclaim comprised the following items:

(a)

costs, expenses and third party liabilities incurred by the owner - $85,938.68
and Rp48,697,500;

(b)

loss of profit under an aborted charterparty - $1,741,811.58

(c)

value of the vessel as at 8 June 2008 – US$1,750,000

The AR allowed the claims under items (a) and (b) in full. As regards item
(c), the AR assessed the value of the vessel as being US$1.6m and awarded that
amount to the owner. The AR also awarded the owner interest at the statutory
rate on the value of the vessel from the date of the explosion (8 June 2008)
up to the date of payment.

The shipyard’s appeal on its own claim

7 In its notice of appeal filed on 8 September 2010, the shipyard indicated
that it was dissatisfied with the following portions of the AR’s decision:

(a)

the award in respect of invoice 5593 which it wanted increased to $469,763.90
(_ie_ , the original sum claimed for after deduction of the amount that had
been overcharged for the pipes);

(b)

the AR’s decision to make no award in respect of invoice 5630;

(c)

the AR’s decision to award the owner $21,000 as agency fees (being part of the
costs and expenses claimed by the owner); and

(d)

the award of loss of profit in respect of the charterparty which reflected one
year’s loss of income less operational expenses; and

(e)

the award of interest from the date of the explosion.

8 In the course of the hearing before me, counsel for the shipyard indicated
that it was not proceeding with its appeal in respect of invoice 5630 ([7(b)]
above). I will deal with each of the other grounds of appeal in turn.

Invoice 5593

The decision below

9 It was common ground below that the work items covered by invoice 5593 had
actually been carried out by the shipyard. The owner had, however, disputed
various items set out in the invoice on the basis that it had not agreed to
the prices charged by the shipyard. The owner had only admitted that work
items amounting to $23,163 had been priced on the basis of agreed rates set
out in the first and second quotations (dated 12 February 2008 and 22 April
2008 respectively) which had been issued by the shipyard to the owner and had
subsequently been accepted by the owner. The AR found, on the evidence, that:

(a)

nine subsequent quotations dated between 23 April 2008 and 6 June 2008 which
the shipyard claimed to have sent to the owner, had not been received or
confirmed by the owner;

(b)

the owner had never been made aware of the methods of charging by the shipyard
and the prices set out in invoice 5593 had never been agreed; and

(c)

the shipyard had not managed to establish that the prices set out in invoice
5593 were reasonable.

The AR then went on to consider each of the disputed items and to fix the
rates payable by the owner for the same. I will give the basis of the prices
so fixed in more detail later in this judgment if necessary.

The shipyard’s arguments on the appeal

10 On the appeal, the shipyard took the position that it was entitled to the
amounts claimed on the basis that they had been agreed to, either specifically
on this occasion or by reference to past practice; alternatively, that since
the work had been done, the owner had to pay a reasonable amount for the same
and the amounts that it charged were reasonable. The owner’s response was that
the amounts charged had not been agreed to, and although it accepted that the
shipyard was entitled to a reasonable price for the work done, the onus lay on
the shipyard to establish that its prices were reasonable and this it had
failed to do.

Contractual basis

11 In relation to its contention that the amounts claimed in invoice 5593 had
been agreed to, the shipyard put forward three main points. First, it argued
that the invoice had been accepted by the owner and therefore could no longer
be challenged. The shipyard pointed out that there were various “ticks”
against the prices on the invoice and that similar ticks had appeared on an
earlier invoice, _viz_ , invoice 5551, which the owner had accepted. Counsel
contended that no one would mark an item with a tick without giving due
consideration to them. He argued that Mr Juffri, the owner’s business and
development manager, who had dealt with the invoices on the owner’s behalf,
had not been able to explain the “ticks” or who made them.

12 Secondly, the shipyard relied on past practice. It noted that the
quotations had been addressed to Permata Sari Services (“PSS”), the former
manager of the vessel, who had only been replaced as manager by the owner
itself in April 2008. From 2006 up till 2008, the shipyard had dealt with PSS
and had charged for its work on the vessel based on yard tariffs and past
practices. In fact, the first quotation had been addressed to PSS and this was
a quotation that had been passed to the owner and which the owner had
specifically confirmed and accepted.

13 Thirdly, the shipyard relied on the fact that the actual work had in many
cases been done before a quotation was issued. The owner had not given full
details of the work-scope. Therefore, upon completion of the work, the repair
manager of the shipyard would do a write-up and follow that up with a
quotation. If the owner had wanted a quotation to be issued and accepted for a
particular job before actual work was carried out, it could easily have
instructed the master and its superintendent not to allow the shipyard to
carry out such work until the relevant quotation had been issued and accepted.
As the owner allowed the shipyard to carry out work before there was an
accepted quotation, the shipyard was entitled to charge for the work based on
existing yard tariffs and past practice. The items that were charged by
reference to yard tariffs were, according to the evidence, items such as
staging works, engine room cleaning, tyre fender works, tank valves, spindle
works and tank cleaning.

14 Taking the first point relating to the “ticks” on the invoice and the
argument that these indicated acceptance of the prices charged, the owner’s
response was that there was no evidence before the court as to the purpose or
meaning of the “ticks”. They had not been made by Mr Juffri so it was not
surprising he could not explain them. In any event, there was documentary
evidence that showed that he had queried the charges very soon after invoice
5593 was rendered. Thus, there was no basis on which to contend that this
invoice had been accepted. I agree with the owner that the “ticks” in
themselves did not prove that the prices were accepted. Their presence was
equivocal and could not lead to any inference of acceptance. They might
equally have meant that the person making the “ticks” wanted to query the
marked items.

15 When it came to the yard tariffs, I should first of all state that because
the vessel’s entry into the shipyard in March 2008 was not its first call
there, if the evidence supported it, I would be inclined to rule that on the
basis of past practice, the owner had agreed to pay yard tariffs for items of
work that were covered by tariffs issued by the shipyard and customarily
applied. However, as far as I can see, the shipyard did not introduce any
evidence as to what its yard tariffs were or that it had on the vessel’s
previous visits charged such yard tariffs which had been accepted and paid for
either by the owner or PSS. Further, looking at the two quotations that were
accepted by the owner in relation to the March 2008 work, with one minor
exception, neither of these bore any mention of the yard tariffs at all. In
fact, even the nine further quotations which were not seen by the owner before
the work was done had no reference to the yard tariffs. The minor exception
that I referred to above appears in the quotation dated 12 February 2008\.
Item 11 of this quotation refers to “Pipe Renewal Tariffs” and sub-item i)
states “Removal and refitting for access – 50% of tariff rates”. This
evidence, however, does not help the shipyard in that it shows that the tariff
rates were not applied across the board and could be reduced either
voluntarily by the shipyard or after negotiation. In the absence of evidence
establishing that the shipyard had published yard tariffs that applied across
the board to the items mentioned in the publication and in the absence of
evidence that such yard tariffs had been paid previously by the owner or PSS,
I cannot allow these charges.

16 As regards the third point, _ie_ , that actual work had been done in
advance of approval and had to be so conducted in order not to hold up the
ship, this argument does not support an inference that the owner was agreeable
to paying any amount that the shipyard might subsequently charge for the work.
The only inference that can be drawn from the owner’s agreement that work be
done before a quotation for the same had been seen and accepted is that the
owner was agreeable to paying for the work on the basis that the charges
therefor would be reasonable. It would not be correct to draw the inference
that by allowing the work to proceed in advance of an accepted quotation, the
owner was thereby agreeing to whatever charges the shipyard might seek to
impose at its discretion irrespective of whether they were reasonable. Such an
inference would not be consistent with the usual understanding that applies
when a person engages another to provide services without specifically
agreeing to the price for the same, which has led to the long established
legal principle that where price is not agreed between parties, the price to
be paid is a reasonable price having regard to the circumstances of the case.
This conclusion leads me to the next issue canvassed by the parties which was
whether the AR was correct in her decision that the charges were not
reasonable.

Reasonableness of the charges

17 The AR’s finding was that the shipyard had not managed to establish that
the prices in invoice 5593 were reasonable. The shipyard had relied on
evidence given by Graeme Noel Temple (“Mr Temple”), the shipyard’s expert, who
commented on the prices in the invoices as well as those in quotations from
two other ship repairers – Drydocks World-Singapore Pte Ltd (“Drydocks World”)
and Jurong SML Pte Ltd (“JSML”). The AR rejected his evidence. As she
explained in [18] of her judgment:

[Mr Temple] testified that he considered the prices reasonable in the context
of the ship repair industry in Singapore. However, he admitted that he _only_
considered the [shipyard’s] documents and did not provide in his report any
comparative prices or quotes from the industry. When asked to comment on
Drydocks World quotation, he testified that the unit prices for Drydocks World
were more expensive than the [shipyard’s] unit rates. However, no reference
was made to the type, nature of work and services carried out by Drydocks
World. [emphasis in original]

18 On the appeal, the shipyard argued that since the owner did not engage an
expert witness to give evidence on what would be a reasonable sum payable to
the shipyard for the cost of the repairs, the evidence of the shipyard’s
expert witnesses should be accepted. Its contention that the charges in
invoice 5593 were fair and reasonable was supported by the evidence of Mr
Temple. Mr Temple had surveyed the vessel to assess the damage to it and the
cost of repairs. He opined that the amounts charged under invoice 5593 were
fair and reasonable and were not unusual, they were not “out of the ballpark”.
As a surveyor, he stated his job was to examine shipyard documents, casualties
and breakdowns and he had provided his opinion on the prices here based on his
experience. He also stated that if he had been analysing the bills for the
underwriter, he would have come to the same conclusion that the charges were
fair and reasonable. Additionally, the unit prices from Drydocks World and
JSML (two other repairers who had been asked by the owner to quote for the
repairs after the fire) were significantly higher than the shipyard’s prices.

19 The shipyard had the burden of proving the quantum of its claim. See _Abe
Isaac (Pte) Ltd v Marieta Montalba Pacudan and Another_ [2007] SGHC 46 (“ _Abe
Isaac_ ”). The shipyard chose to discharge this burden by adducing the
evidence of someone who it considered had expert knowledge of charges in the
ship repair industry in Singapore. It was entitled to proceed in this way and
the owner was equally entitled to challenge the expert’s evidence by logic and
analysis alone. I do not accept the submission that simply because the owner
did not produce any expert of its own to put forward alternative figures it
was not entitled to dispute the reasonableness of the charges. Any expert’s
evidence must be tested and if it does not satisfy such testing, may be
rejected, even though there is no countervailing evidence from another expert
before the court.

20 In the present case, counsel for the owner contended that Mr Temple’s
evidence was correctly rejected by the AR. It pointed out, citing _Sim Ah Song
and Anor v Rex_ [1951] MLJ 150 and _R v Abadom (Steven)_ [1983] 1 WLR 126,
that a bare expression by an expert of his opinion is of little evidential
value. There must be some foundation for his opinion or explanation how he
arrived at his opinion so that the correctness of his opinion can be examined.
It is the duty of an expert to consider any material available in his field
and not merely draw conclusions based on his own experience.

21 Counsel also drew my attention to the following material portions of the
evidence given by Mr Temple. In cross-examination, Mr Temple agreed that
“reasonableness” must be considered in the context of the ship repair industry
in Singapore. He said that he had compared the shipyard’s figures to general
rates in the industry for such work in Singapore. However, he also agreed
that:

(a) he had not provided any comparative prices or quotes in the report and
there was no information in his report to look at so as to evaluate whether
the shipyard’s invoiced amounts were fair and reasonable;

(b) he considered only the shipyard’s invoice in isolation to come to his
conclusion. He conceded that he did not consider mark-up levels and only
looked at the figures contained in the invoice;

(c) the scope of his report did not involve any contractual discussions before
the vessel went into the yard and hence he was not aware of the specifications
given to the shipyard.

22 Mr Temple, however, shifted his position in re-examination when he said
that he had compared the unit rates in invoice 5593 to the quotations of
Drydocks World, dated 6 September 2008, and JSML, dated 2 September 2008, and
concluded that the shipyard’s rates were lower and thus reasonable. Counsel
criticised Mr Temple’s conclusion because of differences between the Drydocks
World quotation and invoice 5593. The Drydocks World quotation provided a unit
rate for pipes and staging but no rate for steel work. The shipyard’s invoices
did not contain a unit rate for staging. The charging methods and prices used
by the shipyard in the invoice (_viz_ , historical pricing, yard tariffs and
mark-ups) were not reflected in the invoice so it was unclear how Mr Temple
was able to conclude that the rates in the shipyard’s invoice were lower than
those in Drydocks World’s quotation. Even if the shipyard’s rates were lower
than those of Drydocks World and JSML, that by itself would not make them
reasonable especially since Mr Temple had agreed that the quotation from
Drydocks World was excessive. It was also pertinent that the nature and scope
of work covered by the subsequent quotations were different from those in
invoice 5593. The invoice related to repair work for a class survey while the
quotations from Drydocks World and JSML were in respect of post-casualty
repairs to damage caused by fire. Thus, different considerations and rates
could apply. In any event, Mr Temple’s claim that he had made such a
comparison was not in his report and must have been an afterthought.

23 In my judgment, the above criticisms of Mr Temple’s evidence are valid. I
agree with the AR that his evidence that the shipyard’s charges were
reasonable was a bare assertion which was not supported by a proper study or
analysis. His own admissions in the course of cross-examination showed that he
had considered the shipyard’s invoice in isolation and had not provided
information in his report which would help substantiate his evaluation that
the invoiced amounts were fair and reasonable. Accordingly, Mr Temple’s
evidence did not prove the shipyard’s case.

24 The shipyard, however, also argued on appeal that the various items in
invoice 5593 could be justified even without reference to Mr Temple’s
evidence. For this portion of the appeal, the shipyard followed the course
taken by the owner before the AR which was to categorise the various items in
the invoice according with the manner in which the shipyard had calculated its
charges. This is because various methods of charging were used by the
shipyard. The evidence given by the shipyard’s witness, Mr Seet, was that the
prices in this invoice were calculated based on six different methods: on a
lump sum basis, in-between sizes for pipes, yard tariffs, a mark-up on non-
standard items bought off the shelf, labour charges and a mark-up on sub-
contractors’ prices.

items charged on a lump sum basis (excluding steel work)

25 With respect to yard tariffs, labour charges and other lump sum items,
before the AR, the owner argued, on the authority of _Abe Isaac_ , that the
shipyard had not produced any evidence that the prices were reasonable and was
therefore entitled to only a nominal sum of $200. The AR accepted this
argument and awarded nominal damages of $100. Her reasons, as stated in [24]
of her judgment, were:

The [shipyard] argued vigorously however, that _Abe_ Isaac was not applicable
in the present case as there was credible evidence that yard tariffs were
relied on and known to the former manager of the [owner], Chong. Mr Seet
testified that Chong knew but Juffri didn’t and that “he assumed he
communicated with [Chong]”. In my view, from the evidence adduced before me,
it appeared that though the fact of a loss had been shown by the [shipyard],
the necessary evidence as to its amount had not been given. The only evidence
that was given in the course of the hearing before me were Seet’s bare
assertions that the yard tariffs were known to Chong, but it has to be pointed
out that Chong was not even called as a witness.

26 On the appeal, the shipyard did not make any argument that the yard tariffs
were reasonable. All it said was that certain items were charged by reference
to such tariffs and whilst the first quotation of 12 February 2008 did not
refer to such tariffs, it did not follow that the shipyard could not put up
charges on this basis. As I have said above, the shipyard adduced no evidence
as to the publication of its yard charges or established that it had
previously charged the owner on this basis and these charges had been accepted
on those previous occasions. I also note the AR’s reasons for disallowing
these items. I have no reason to disagree. Accordingly, there is no basis on
which to interfere with the AR’s decision in this regard.

lump sum charge for steel work

27 During the appeal, the shipyard dealt separately with the lump sum charges
for steel work. Its argument was that with regard to steel renewal, it was
entitled to charge on a lump sum basis for quantities of one tonne and below
because item 12 of its quotation of 12 February 2008 read, _inter alia_ , as
follows:

12) STEEL RENEWAL (based on flat welded construction of grade ‘A’ steel)

Per location 1 tonne and below Lumpsum price basis

Per location 1 to 5 tonne, per kg S$6.20

Per location 5 to 10 tonne, per kg S$5.80

Per location above 10 tonne, per kg S$5.50

This quotation had been accepted by the owner and it was therefore reasonable
for the shipyard to charge on a similar basis for quantities of steel of one
tonne and less used for work covered by the other quotations which had not
been accepted.

28 The AR had agreed with the owner’s approach regarding payment for steel
work on the basis of the top rate of $6.20 per tonne (for one to five tonnes)
plus any applicable surcharge due to the dimensions of the steel involved, as
set out in the first quotation. She considered this a fair approach to take as
it was consistent with the approach in the first quotation. She therefore
awarded $80,657.80 for steel work.

29 The shipyard disputed this method of charging. It argued strongly that it
should be entitled on the basis of the first quotation to charge for smaller
quantities of steel on a lump sum basis. It contended that this is really an
issue of construction of the quotation. The owner had agreed to be charged on
a lump sum basis. The quotation did not say that the shipyard could charge a
lump sum to be agreed between the parties. All it said was that the shipyard
could charge a lump sum price. The shipyard was therefore entitled to charge
such lump sum as it considered reasonable without referring back to the owner
for agreement. The discretion lay with the shipyard to fix the lump sum to be
charged for these steel renewal items. Looking at the sequence of the items
chargeable in the quotation, the amount that it could charge for steel
renewals of one tonne and below on a lump sum basis had, the shipyard argued,
necessarily to be more than $6.20 per kg, on any view. Further, the term “lump
sum basis” was clear enough to those in the business of ship repairs and it
would have been understood by the owner that the lump sum would be fixed by
the shipyard.

30 In my judgment, the shipyard’s argument is correct. It was clear from the
acceptance of the first quotation by the owner that it was willing to pay the
shipyard on a lump sum basis for the smallest quantities of steel used in the
renewal exercise (_ie_ , one tonne and below). That meant that it would accept
whatever lump sum was charged by the shipyard unless the sum was exorbitant.
The owner did not qualify its acceptance of the quotation in any way. It did
not reserve to itself the right to agree on the quantum of the lump sum.
Accordingly, as far as this item is concerned, I think that rather than the
onus being on the shipyard to show that the lump sum charged was reasonable,
in order to avoid the amount charged, the onus would be on the owner to show
that the lump sum charged was unreasonable. The owner did not adduce any
evidence on this point. Since the owner was willing to accept the lump sum
basis of charge in the first quotation for the requisite quantities of steel,
I can infer that it would have accepted the same basis of charge for such
quantities in the later quotations. Accordingly, the appeal must be allowed on
this issue and the amounts to be paid by the owner for steel renewals of one
tonne and below must be as per the amounts shown for the same in invoice 5593.

pipes (in between sizes)

31 The amount charged by the shipyard for this item was $6,331. The AR
accepted the owner’s argument that the shipyard’s calculations were incorrect
and the correct amount to be charged was $4,506.66. Although the shipyard put
in written submissions challenging this decision, in the course of the oral
arguments, counsel informed me that it was not proceeding with its challenge
on this amount. I therefore do not have to deal with it.

mark-up on non-standard items bought off the shelf and mark-up on sub-
contractors’ prices

32 During the course of the work, the shipyard procured non-standard items
from suppliers and also employed sub-contractors for some of the works that
needed to be done. In respect of these two items, the shipyard did not simply
pass on to the owner the amounts which it had paid the suppliers and sub-
contractors. Instead, it charged the owner for the same at prices which
included its own mark-up which often amounted to well over 35%. The AR
accepted the owner’s argument that the sub-contractors’ and suppliers’
invoices should be taken as reflecting the reasonable prices payable for the
services and goods supplied. In the absence of evidence that the shipyard’s
mark-up was reasonable, the AR awarded only the amounts which the shipyard had
actually to pay its suppliers and sub-contractors.

33 Before me, the shipyard argued that the AR was wrong to award these items
at cost only. It said that there must be an element of profit worked into the
amount that the shipyard could charge. This was simple business logic as
otherwise there would be no point in the shipyard carrying out the work and in
such circumstances it would be better for the owner to engage a sub-contractor
directly. I must say that I do not accept this last argument because any
shipowner would engage a ship repairer on the basis that that ship repairer
has offered to do all of the work on the vessel that the shipowner requires.
The shipowner is not concerned with whether the repairer does the work itself
or employs sub-contractors to do so as long as the work gets done. There is no
way that any shipowner would know which part of the work the repairer cannot
do on its own and needs a sub-contractor for. In fact, if any ship repairer
were to go out and tell vessel owners that it would only do part of the
repairs and the owners would have to employ sub-contractors for the rest, such
a ship repairer is unlikely to get much business.

34 On the other hand, I do accept that whilst a repairer may have to outsource
some of its work and obtain some items from others, it will incur costs in
doing so and it would not be fairly remunerated if it were only entitled to
charge the exact price that it had to pay for such goods and services. The
question is: what is a reasonable mark-up? The problem here is that there was
no evidence on what a reasonable mark-up would be. Mr Temple had testified
that the amounts charged were reasonable but there was no evidence as to
whether he knew by how much each item had been marked-up. The shipyard
submitted that for the items listed in schedule 7 of the list it had furnished
to the AR, the mark-up was actually about 35% whereas the items listed in
schedule 9 had been marked-up by 29.2%. No explanation was given for this
difference and there was no evidence as to why such mark-up rates were
reasonable. The shipyard ideally should have furnished evidence as to the
usual rates of mark-up in the industry. In the absence of such evidence,
whilst I think it is incorrect not to allow the shipyard some element of
profit, that element cannot be as high as 29.2%, let alone 35%. In the
circumstances, I would vary the award by allowing the shipyard a mark-up of
10% to cover its administrative costs in sourcing the supplies and supervising
the sub-contractors. I accept that this is a rather arbitrary figure but I
think it is not unfair in view of the lack of evidence justifying a higher
mark-up.

Conclusion on invoice 5593

35 I have accepted the shipyard’s arguments, to some extent at least, in
respect of two categories of items in invoice 5593. Accordingly, the AR’s
award has to be varied to reflect this. I will see the parties to determine
the exact sums which are payable to the shipyard in the light of this
decision.

The shipyard’s appeal on the owner’s claim

The award in favour of the owner for loss of profit

36 At the time of the fire, the owner had entered into a confirmed
charterparty in respect of the vessel for a period of one year with an option
to extend for another year. The commencement of the charterparty (originally
scheduled for 21 May 2008) had been delayed by the fact that the work on the
vessel had not been completed, but, as at the date of the fire, the
charterparty was still in force and the owner expected that upon completion of
work, the vessel would immediately be on hire. The charter hire payable was
$5,900 per day. On 27 June 2008, the charterers terminated the charter because
the vessel was unable to perform the contract due to the damage caused by the
fire.

37 The owner’s case before the AR was that it was entitled to claim loss of
profits arising out of the cancelled charterparty for the confirmed
contractual period of one year. The loss was calculated by taking the total
revenue that would have been earned under the charterparty and deducting the
expenses that would have been incurred in earning that revenue for the period
of one year. The shipyard contested this claim and argued that the owner could
not claim loss of hire for the full 12 months but should only be awarded loss
of hire for two months since its expert had testified that the owner should
have been able to replace the vessel within two months. It also made arguments
relating to the quantum of compensation. The shipyard said that in any event,
it was not likely that the vessel would be fully utilised on the charter for
12 months and a utilisation factor of 85% should be applied. Further, the
shipyard questioned the owner’s costs of operating the vessel (the owner had
calculated these as being $411,688.42) and submitted that the operational cost
would instead amount to US$3,000 a day or US$1,095,000 per year. The AR
rejected all the shipyard’s arguments and awarded the owner the amount that it
had claimed. On the appeal, the shipyard reiterated the arguments that it had
made below. I will consider these in turn.

What was the owner’s loss of profit?

38 There are three sub-issues that have to be considered in relation to the
calculation of the loss of profits suffered by the owner by reason of the
destruction of the vessel. The first relates to whether the whole of the
expected charter hire should be considered and if this is decided in the
affirmative, then the next two relate to what deductions should be made from
such charter hire to get the owner’s net loss.

What are the relevant legal principles?

39 Relying on _The Kate_ [1899] P 165, _The Racine_ [1906] P 273 and _Owners
of Dredger Liesbosch v Owners of Steamship Edison_ [1933] AC 449 (“ _The
Liesbosch_ ”), the AR accepted that it was established law that where a
profit-earning chattel is lost or destroyed, the owner is entitled to claim
putative profits lost as a result of the destruction. The shipyard
acknowledged the principle established in those cases but submitted that the
owner could only be compensated for loss of the charter hire up to the date on
which a substitute vessel could reasonably have been available for use. It
submitted that the case was not about mitigation (the AR having held that she
was not convinced that there was a reasonable opportunity for the owner to
mitigate its loss by acquiring an alternative vessel) but about awarding the
owner an amount in damages that properly and adequately compensated for its
loss. The shipyard further submitted that the measure of damages should
reflect the value of the vessel and for that purpose cited the following
observation by Lord Wright in _The Liesbosch_ (at 464):

[T]he measure of damages in such cases is the value of the ship to her owner
as a going concern at the time and place of the loss. In assessing that value
regard must naturally be had to her pending engagements, either profitable or
the reverse. The rule, however, obviously requires some care in its
application; the figure of damage is to represent the capitalized value of the
vessel as a profit-earning machine, not in the abstract but in view of the
actual circumstances.

I should note at this stage, however, that that statement must also be looked
at in the light of the overarching principle which Lord Wright himself had
expressed earlier in the judgment (at 459) as follows:

The substantial issue is what in such a case as the present is the true
measure of damage. It is not questioned that when a vessel is lost by
collision due to the sole negligence of the wrongdoing vessel the owners of
the former vessel are entitled to what is called _restituto in integrum_ ,
which means that they should recover such a sum as will replace them, so far
as can be done by compensation in money, in the same position as if the loss
had not been inflicted on them, subject to the rules of law as to remoteness
of damage.

40 As stated earlier, the shipyard submitted that this was not an issue
regarding mitigation. It was about awarding the owner an amount in damages
that properly and adequately compensated for its loss. Relying on _The
Liesbosch_ , the shipyard was seeking to establish not that the owner ought to
have mitigated its loss but that the measure of damages should reflect the
value of the ship. The measure of damages must be calculated in this way in
order to ensure that the principle of _restituto in integrum_ was upheld. In
order to put the owner back into position, the true value of the vessel must
be derived and therefore some consideration must be given as well to the lost
vessel’s pending engagements. Such consideration was given in _The Liesbosch_
as compensation for the “delay and prejudice” caused to the pending
engagements. Therefore, the shipyard submitted, the correct heads of damage to
which the owner was entitled were:

a)

market value of the vessel as the same had been determined by its expert,
Captain Meade; and

b)

compensation for the delay and prejudice caused to the pending charter (_ie_ ,
loss of profits until the vessel could be replaced – a period of two months).

41 In order to consider the shipyard’s submissions I will have to spend some
time discussing the applicable principles by which one can determine the
appropriate measure of damages due to a claimant who has lost his vessel by
reason of the defendant’s negligence, where the vessel was engaged under a
prospective time charterparty. The general principle, that of _restituto in
integrum_ , was, as noted above, enunciated by Lord Wright in _The Liesbosch_.

42 Before referring the _The Liesbosch_ in more detail, it is useful to look
at the two preceding cases which were applied by it and which the AR also
referred to. In _The Kate_ , the President (Sir F. H. Jeune) stated at 168-9
that:

[I]t would have appeared to me clear that in some way or other the principles
upon which damages are assessed would _require account to be taken of the
profitable character of the charterparty under which the ship was at the time
of her loss_. … It may be nothing more than a question of statement of figures
whether the owner of a vessel, lost when under a profitable charterparty, is
recouped his loss by receiving her value at the conclusion of her voyage plus
the profits of her charterparty, or by receiving her value at the time of
collision, such value being enhanced by the fact that the ship at the time was
under a profitable charterparty. But unless in one or other of these ways the
owner gets the benefit of the profitable engagement of his ship, he obviously
fails to realize a _restituto in integrum_.

[emphasis added]

43 The learned President drew support from _The Northumbria_ (1869) LR 3 A & E
6 which considered the measure of damages to be awarded for a total loss of a
ship with cargo. In such a case, the damages included the value of the ship at
the end of the voyage and the value of freight that would have been earned
less operational expenses (_ie_ , the net income); and if no cargo was on
board, then interest on the value of the ship from the day of the collision
(_ie_ , the value of the ship as a going concern). The judge then extended the
principles from a ship with cargo to a ship without cargo but under charter,
and awarded the profits lost under the charterparty.

44 In _The Racine_ , the defendants appealed to reduce the amount of damages
awarded by the registrar on a ground that the allowance of possible profit the
plaintiffs would have made on three successive charterparties was problematic
and too remote, and the arbitrary deduction of 10% for contingencies revealed
the speculative character of the calculation. This argument was rejected. The
English Court of Appeal followed _The Kate_ , and upheld the registrar’s award
of the loss of profits on the _three_ successive (one ongoing and two
prospective) charters as damages, less a reasonable percentage for
contingencies. Fletcher Moulton LJ said (at 281) that he saw no difference in
principle between one voyage and a chain of voyages under the same
charterparty, or a chain of voyages under _separate charterparties_ which was
the situation in that case. Future profits were however subject to a discount
“by taking the possibility of accidents into consideration; and if [there is
a] chain of charterparties, of course the possibility of earning the profits
not being defeated increases with the lapse of time” _per_ Vaughan Williams LJ
(at 278) and Fletcher Moulton LJ (at 281).

45 Turning to _The Liesbosch_ , there the claimant’s dredger, which was
required by them for the performance of a contract, was sunk by the defendant.
The case differed from the earlier cases in that the dredger was not under
charter, but was “employed by owners in the normal course of their business as
civil engineers” (at 465). The House of Lords recognised that _if immediate
replacement was possible_ , the measure of damages would be calculated by
taking the market price of a replacement. But because immediate replacement
was a merely fanciful idea in the circumstances (as a purchase would take
time), the claimants were entitled to damages for the delay and prejudice to
their contract. It was in the context of his analysis of the charterparty
cases that Lord Wright uttered the observation which the shipyard placed so
much emphasis on and which I have cited as the first quotation in [38] above.

46 Then, with respect to the measure of damages that was applicable in the
situation of the dredger working for the claimant to perform services due from
the claimant under a general contract for dredging, he stated (at 468-9):

[T]he value of the _Liesbosch_ to the appellants, capitalized as at the date
of the loss, must be assessed by taking into account: (1.) the market price of
a comparable dredger in substitution; (2.) costs of adaptation, transport,
insurance, etc. to Patras [_ie_ , the place of performance]; (3.) compensation
for disturbance and loss in carrying out their contract over the period of
delay between the loss of the _Liesbosch_ and the time at which the
substituted dredger could reasonably have been available for use in Patras,
including in that loss such items as overhead charges, expenses of staff and
equipment, and so forth thrown away, but neglecting any special loss due to
the appellants’ financial position. On the capitalized sum so assessed,
interest will run from the date of the loss.

47 The learned author of _McGregor on Damages_ (Sweet & Maxwell, 18th Ed,
2009) (“ _McGregor_ ”) noted that the rule in _The Liesbosch_ fused the two
heads of conventional losses which are the normal measure and consequential
loss: at para 32-063, P 1188. This might lead to a duplication of damages if
the two heads are not viewed in relation to each other, a danger recognised by
Lord Wright who stated (at 464) of _The Liesbosch_ :

The rule … requires some care in its application; the figure of damage is to
represent the capitalized value of the vessel as a profit-earning machine, not
in the abstract but in view of the actual circumstances. The value of
prospective freights _cannot simply be added to the market value_ but ought to
be taken into account in order to ascertain the total value for purpose of
assessing the damage, since if it is merely added to the market value of a
free ship, the owner will be getting pro tanto his damages twice over. The
vessel cannot be earning in the open market, while fulfilling the pending
charter or charters.

[emphasis added]

Hence, in cases where the vessel was under no ongoing or prospective
engagements, the measure of damages would simply be its value as a going
concern at the date of loss. The shipyard’s application of _The Liesbosch_ to
the facts of this case does not take account of the difference between the
situation of the vessel here which had a prospective engagement and that of
the dredger which was simply engaged in general work which could be performed
by a substitute vessel although the shipyard did accept that once the
charterparty was cancelled, it could not be resuscitated and performed even if
a replacement vessel had been purchased by the owner in the ensuing two
months.

48 Apart from _The Liesbosch_ , _The Kate_ and _The Racine_ were also applied
in _The Empress of Britain_ (1913) 29 TLR 423. Unfortunately, _The Liesbosch_
did not refer to _The Empress of Britain_. In that case, the plaintiff’s
vessel, the _Helvetia_ , was employed under a charterparty dated 1909, which
was to be in force from 1911 to 1917 unless the charterers cancelled it for
any particular reason. The vessel was sunk in 1912 by the defendant’s vessel.
The plaintiff claimed £24,320 for the loss of this charter for the unexpired
period of 1912 and the subsequent five seasons. Before the registrar, £2,000
was allowed as he thought that _restituto in integrum_ would be better
effected if loss of hire was allowed only up to 15 November 1912 “than to
endeavour to ascertain the value of the _Helvetia_ five years hence, and of
the loss of hire with various deductions for contingencies.”

49 On appeal by the plaintiff, it was held that the _whole_ charterparty (_ie_
, from 1912 till 1917) was to be taken into account in assessing the damages.
This included the contingencies and the charterparty’s special terms such as
the annual option to cancel. The relevant part from the report is set out in
full:

The learned Registrar had excluded from his consideration the benefit accruing
to the Helvetia from the fact that she was under this charterparty not to run
out except in certain events till 1917, and he had specifically allowed loss
of hire to November 15, 1912, only - the end of the current season during
which the Helvetia was sunk. Some date had to be taken, and his Lordship had
to say what that date ought to be. He did not think the end of the season was
the date, and there were only two other possible dates - (1) February, 1914,
the date at which another vessel like the Helvetia could have been built. His
Lordship did not think that date would do, for it did not follow that if
another vessel like the Helvetia was ordered she would be engaged under _this
charterparty or in this business_ , and without a charterparty of this kind it
was doubtful if any one would build a vessel like this. (2) The only other
date was November 15, 1917, when the charter expired. This was _a date long
forward of the time at which one had arrived_ , and his Lordship thought it
might create difficulty as to ascertainment, _but to that date the value of
this vessel had to be determined_ , subject to all the contingencies as to the
charterparty which would exist and the special provisions as to the terms of
the charterparty.

[emphasis added]

50 _McGregor_ commented, in relation to _The Empress of Britain_ : “This goes
a long way: one may suspect that there is this limitation, namely that the
period over which loss of profit is allowed does not extend beyond the time
when the claimant could reasonably have procured a substitute vessel” (at para
32-061, P 1186-7). The shipyard relied on this comment to argue that even in
cases where it was _not necessary_ for a ship owner to seek a replacement
vessel, loss of profits _should still be limited_ to the date by which a
replacement vessel could reasonably be obtained. In this case, citing the
evidence of Captain Meade that supply/towing vessels of the type of the
_Rainbow Star_ were fairly easily obtainable in the market and that a
replacement could be located and purchased within two months, the shipyard
submitted that a reasonable time period for the replacement of the vessel was
two months and therefore no more than two months’ loss of profit should be
awarded to the owner.

51 It would be noted that the shipyard’s argument goes further than
_McGregor’s_ comment. It is implicit in that comment that the procurement of a
substitute vessel must be held to be reasonable before the limitation applies.
In any case, I think that there are good reasons to reject the shipyard’s
argument which is based on _McGregor’s_ comment which itself is not an
established principle of law.

52 First, _McGregor_ did not explain when and why it considered such a
limitation should be imposed. If the length of the vessel’s engagement is to
be the sole trigger for the imposition of such a limitation, it would be
impossible to avoid an arbitrary application of the rule. If the underlying
concern is to protect the defendant from indeterminate liability, the existing
rules of remoteness (_viz_ , the test of “reasonable foreseeability”) and
causation (_viz_ , the “but for” test) are sufficient to do so. There is no
need for an additional limitation which is predicated on what the plaintiff
ought to have done subsequent to the defendant’s wrongdoing.

53 Secondly, even if _McGregor_ meant something more specific, _viz_ , “…
beyond the time when the claimant could reasonably have procured a substitute
vessel [_to perform that contract_]”, the limitation remains objectionable. It
assumes that the party who contracted with the claimant would be willing to
keep the contract alive so as to give the claimant time to obtain a substitute
vessel to perform the contract and that the claimant had the necessary
wherewithal to obtain such a vessel. Only if these two assumptions obtain
would the claimant have lost only the income over the period before the
substitute vessel was obtained, thus allowing the risk of overcompensation to
materialise. However, if the claimant’s contracting party terminated the
contract immediately, it is hard to justify why the claimant should purchase a
substitute vessel. It is not commercially realistic or fair to allocate the
risk to the ship owner and expect him to purchase a substitute vessel in
contemplation of procuring a similar engagement.

54 Thirdly, the words _McGregor_ used - “when the claimant _could reasonably
have procured_ a substitute vessel” (emphasis added) - bear strong resemblance
to the rule of mitigation. But the concept of mitigation contains several
essential features which are inconsistent with the shipyard’s contention. In
this regard, as mentioned above, the shipyard itself was at pains to argue
that the concept of mitigation was not relevant to the circumstances of the
present case and that the AR had been incorrect to invoke it. It is thus
somewhat ironical that the textbook passage it relied on should bear an
essential similarity to the concept of mitigation which I will briefly
discuss.

55 A claimant must take reasonable steps to mitigate the loss arising from the
defendant’s wrong, and the claimant will not be entitled to recover damages in
respect of any part of the loss which is due to his neglect to take such
steps. However, the standard of reasonableness must take into account the
claimant’s characteristics: _The “Asia Star”_ [2010] 2 SLR 1154 at [31]. Also,
the question of mitigation is a question of _fact_. This means that what is
reasonable must be determined according to the circumstances the claimant is
placed in: _Robertson Quay Investment Pte Ltd v Steen Consultants Pte Ltd_
[2008] 2 SLR 623 at [27]. Hence, it cannot be correct to impose a separate
rule of _law_ which restricts the claimant to the damages he would have
obtained had he mitigated, _whether or not_ the mitigation was reasonable or
even possible: _The “Asia Star”_ at [30]-[32].

56 As a matter of procedure and burden of proof, the legal rule which the
shipyard proposes is also at odds with the rules which apply to mitigation. It
is well-established that the issue of mitigation must be pleaded and proved by
the defendant seeking to rely on it: _Jia Min Building Construction Pte Ltd v
Ann Lee Pte Ltd_ [2004] 3 SLR 288 at [71] following _Geest plc v Lansiquot_
[2002] 1 WLR 3111 at [14] and [16]. However, the shipyard’s proposition would
enable a defendant to circumvent these procedural rules entirely. Thus, it
cannot be a tenable proposition.

57 The shipyard also relied on several cases which involve vessels with no
engagements (referred to as seeking ships). These cases did not assist the
shipyard because the vessel here had a prospective time charter and did not
fall into the category of a seeking ship. In _Voaden v Champion_ [2001] 1
Lloyd’s Reps 739 (“ _The Baltic Surveyor_ ”), the lost vessel was not under
any engagement. Despite that, the owner attempted to claim for loss of
_potential_ chartering income. Colman J after analysing _The Liesbosch_ held,
(at 76), that:

[T]he claim for loss of chartering profits advanced in the present case is, in
my judgment, wrong in principle. _BS_ [_ie_ , the lost vessel] had no pending
charter commitments at the date of the loss, which was at the end of the
chartering season. She was currently in a position analogous to Lord Wright’s
seeking ship and, as such, her potential as a profit-earning engine in future
chartering seasons would be reflected in her replacement value. If interest
were to run on that sum from the date of the loss, the owner would be
sufficiently compensated …

It can be seen from that quotation that it was because the vessel was a
seeking ship that its future earning potential was said to be reflected in its
replacement value. This does not support the shipyard’s proposition that the
loss of charter income for the full period of one year should not be awarded
here because Capt Meade in valuing the vessel had regard to its future earning
potential.

58 In _The Llanover_ [1947] P 80, although at the time of collision the
claimant’s ship was under a government charter for an indefinite period, it
was _not_ awarded damages more than such profit as the vessel would have made
if the voyage on which it was engaged at the time of its loss had been
completed. Pilcher J reversed the decision of the assistant registrar who had
treated the lost ship as “under a long-term charter and after making
deductions for contingencies and for wear and tear” awarded the loss of
profits on top of the market value of the ship: at 85. It may therefore appear
that the _entire_ charter was not to be taken into account when assessing the
payable damages.

59 _The Llanover_ was, however, a unique case. The incident took place during
the Second World War. Pilcher J found that, at 86:

in March, 1942, any British shipowner selling or buying a British ship would
do so with the knowledge that his ship would, so long as she was kept
efficient, be _assured of profitable engagement_ probably at rates laid down
by the Ministry of War Transport. If this were so, it seemed to follow that
_any enhanced value due to the virtual certainty of profitable employment was
already reflected in the prices realized by the sales of comparable ships_ and
was therefore already included in the sum allowed by the assistant registrar
under [the going concern value of the vessel].

[emphasis added]

Thus, the war time circumstances ensured that there were no seeking ships and
the value of the lost ship when assessed as a going concern had already
reflected the profitable engagements it had obtained.

60 On the other hand, in _Four of Hearts (Owners) v Fortunity (Owners)_ [1961]
1 WLR 351, Hewson J awarded the loss of profits that a motorcruiser, hired out
on the Broads, would have made _for the whole of the 1959 season_ had she not
been sunk, although only 16 out of the 25 weeks of that season had been booked
at the time of the sinking. This result was based on the finding [at 354] that
“[v]essels on the Broads … are employed in one small defined area, whose
seasonal employment at scheduled rates, not subject to fluctuation, can be
fairly accurately determined by comparison with what actually occurred in the
hiring of other craft similarly employed by the same owners”. He drew a
distinction between ocean shipping engagements that were not already
contracted for and fixed which were too uncertain to be taken into
consideration and the particular engagements that the motorcruiser would have
been assured of. Hewson J then awarded £350 for the loss of _expected_ net
profits on top of the vessel’s £2,200 market value.

61 These three cases highlight the significance of the basis of valuation in
determining whether or not to award the loss of profits for certain
engagements. Where the going concern value only accounted for the _earning
capacity_ , but did not take into account the vessel’s _assured engagements_ ,
the value of these engagements must be added because the ship owner can say
for sure that but for the defendant’s negligence, he would have been able to
perform them. In the present case, it was clear from Capt Meade’s report that
he considered the earning capacity of a vessel of the same type as _The
Rainbow Star_ in the prevailing market conditions but without regard for the
confirmed charter that _The Rainbow Star_ was due to embark on immediately the
repair work had been completed. He stated in his report that on or about
10June 2008 (expected date of completion of repairs and work done) upon
successful completion of her repairs and class survey, he would have valued
the vessel at around US$1.75m. He based this valuation partly on the cost of
completing the special survey which he estimated (including ship repairer’s
bills) as being in the region of US$1m. He also noted that a similar vessel of
this size, type and age, when “out of survey”, would have been worth
US$650,000 to US$750,000. Capt Meade observed, “It is also fair to state that
the ‘special survey’ would ‘add value’ to the vessel almost on a $ to $ basis
of total cost of the survey to value added”. Plainly, in valuing the vessel at
US$1.75m, Capt Meade did not have regard to the expected profit from the
charterparty that had been fixed for it.

62 Accordingly, I must reject the shipyard’s submissions. The AR was correct
to use the charter hire the vessel would have earned for the whole of the
confirmed period of the charter as the basis of calculation of the owner’s
loss of profits by reason of the fire.

What utilisation factor should be applied to the vessel?

63 The shipyard contended before the AR and again on appeal that the
utilisation level of the vessel during the charter would only have been 85%
(_ie_ , that the vessel would have been off-hire for 15% of the charter
period) and therefore any loss of profit would have to be adjusted according
to this factor. This argument was based on the evidence of Capt Meade who said
that because of its age and condition, the vessel could not be fully utilised
during the charter as it would break down and require both repairs and routine
maintenance work. The AR rejected this argument on the basis that Meade’s
figure of an 85% utilisation rate was not supported by any evidence or
analysis. Moreover there was no evidence to show that the vessel had had
repair or maintenance issues during prior charters with the same charterers.

64 On the appeal, the shipyard reiterated its arguments. It again emphasised
the vessel’s age and Capt Meade’s assertion that it would break down from time
to time. The shipyard further pointed out that the principle of applying a
discount to profit was recognised in _The Racine_. There the English Court of
Appeal had upheld a discount of 10% from the net freights which the claimant
had lost.

65 The owner responded by supporting the AR’s reasoning and by pointing out
that during cross-examination, Capt Meade had agreed that there was no
evidence to show that repairs or maintenance issues had arisen during the
vessel’s prior charters. Capt Meade had further considered that the vessel had
undergone extensive repairs and would have commenced the new charter in good
condition. Thus, he agreed that it was not certain that the vessel would break
down during the charter. It submitted that on the evidence, Capt Meade’s
figure of 85% was without any objective basis and the AR was correct to apply
a utilisation figure of 100%.

66 The owner did not seriously argue that contingencies that might have arisen
to prevent him from earning his full net income even if the vessel had been
able to carry out the charter should not be accounted for. Its point was that
there was no basis for the 85% figure, and without evidence as to what
contingencies might arise and for how long they would put the vessel off-hire,
it would be too speculative to reduce the income by any amount. The
authorities are clear, however, that contingencies must be provided for.

67 The difficulty resides in identifying such contingencies, which are
speculative by nature, in order to prevent overcompensation whilst at the same
time respecting the principle of _restituto_. Whilst a majority of the
reported cases have dealt with voyage charterparties, this does not stand in
the way of making deductions for contingencies arising in time charterparties,
as _The Empress of Britain_ illustrated. Similarly, in _The Racine_ , three
successive voyage charterparties were taken into consideration and a discount
of 10% was given for contingencies which was upheld on appeal. The assessment
of contingencies in _The Racine_ ’s engagement was arguably fraught with even
greater speculation than a straightforward year-long charterparty. In any
event, Lord Wright while acknowledging the speculative nature of this task did
not think it ought to prevent the entirety of the assured engagement or
engagements from being considered. He stated in _The Liesbosch_ (at 464):

[T]he present valuation for a future charter becomes a matter of difficulty in
the case of _long charters_ , such for instance as that in the _Lord
Strathcona Steamship Co. v. Dominion Coal Co_. [1926] 1 AC 108 which was for
ten St. Lawrence seasons, with extension at the charterers’ option for further
eight seasons. The assessment of the value of such a vessel at the time of
loss, _with her engagements_ , may seem to present an _extremely complicated
and speculative problem_. [emphasis added]

68 What contingencies any particular vessel may meet would be a question of
inference and probabilities depending on the age and condition of the vessel,
the type of work it performs and the geographical routes it can be expected to
undertake. In this case, the contingencies mentioned by Capt Meade were the
breakdowns and routine maintenance works that he thought a vessel of this age
would encounter. However, as he himself admitted, in view of the repair works
conducted by the shipyard, it was uncertain whether these would materialise. I
cannot, however, disregard the likelihood of breakdowns entirely nor can I
disregard the possibility of an accident like a collision with a fixed or
floating object occurring during the term of the charter. However, since the
charter term was only for a year, the likelihood of such an incident would be
proportionally reduced. In the circumstances of this case, I think it would be
fair to allow a 5% discount for contingencies. I would therefore fix the
utilisation level at 95%. That would mean that over a period of 365 days, I
assume that the vessel would be on hire for approximately 347 days and off
hire for 18 days. I think that it is a reasonable approximation bearing in
mind that in _The Racine_ , the utilisation level chosen was 90% over three
voyages which could have extended to a year or somewhat more in duration.

What operational costs should be deducted from the total charter hire earned?

69 Before the AR, the owner accepted that the costs of operating the vessel
during the one year confirmed charter period had to be deducted from the
charter hire. The owner’s evidence, given by Mr Juffri, was that its
operational costs would have amounted to $411,688.42. The AR accepted this
figure and rejected Capt Meade’s evidence for the shipyard that the
operational costs would be US$3,000 a day. She held that Capt Meade’s evidence
was not substantiated and was also speculative in part.

70 On the appeal, the shipyard reiterated Capt Meade’s opinion that
operational costs for this type and style of vessel would be around US$3,000
per day. The owner’s contention that its operational costs would be
$411,648.42 for one year or $1,127.80 per day was not realistic since it was
so much lower than Capt Meade’s figure. I see no reason to accept the
shipyard’s contention in this regard. Capt Meade had admitted that his
estimation of the operational costs was based only on general “empirical
experience”. On the other hand, the owner had based its calculation on costs
paid previously including the wages established by the employment contracts of
the crew. Where the owner differed from Capt Meade was that it made no
allowance for repair and maintenance costs but this was reasonable because the
vessel would have completed extensive repairs when it commenced the charter
and would have been on good condition. Further, it had a store of spare parts
and two engineers on board to do routine repairs and maintenance without
incurring additional costs. Thus, the likelihood of the vessel needing repairs
during that one year costing US$450 a day, as estimated by Capt Meade, was
extremely low. The AR’s holding must be upheld.

Conclusion on loss of earnings

71 For the reasons given above, the AR’s order must stand except that the
calculation of the gross earnings from the charterparty for the confirmed one-
year period should be reduced by five percent.

Interest

72 The AR awarded the owner interest on the value of the vessel from the date
of accrual of the cause of action, _ie_ , 8 June 2008 up till the date of
payment. The shipyard argued that interest should only have been awarded from
the date that the owner filed its counterclaim in this action, 31 October
2008.

73 The argument was based on the long established rule in admiralty that where
a vessel has become a total loss by reason of a collision, interest on value
would be awarded from the date of destruction since the interest is for the
loss of use of the vessel. However, this argument is varied in the case where
the vessel concerned is carrying cargo at the time of the collision. In that
situation, interest would be awarded on the value of the ship plus the value
of the freight from the date on which the vessel was expected to conclude the
voyage, which is taken to be the date when the freight would have been paid
(see para 32-056 of _McGregor_). The shipyard noted that this principle was
extended to ships under charter by _The Racine_. It argued that interest was
awarded in this way because by allowing for freight, interest would already be
given for the use of the vessel during the interval between the collision and
her expected arrival in port.

74 Following the shipyard’s argument to its logical conclusion, I would expect
it to claim that interest should be awarded on the value of the ship from the
end of the one year charter term because if the owner recovered charter hire
for one year, it would already be in effect obtaining interest for the use of
the vessel during that period. However, it was content to argue for interest
to accrue from the date when the owner filed its counterclaim.

75 The owner relied on _The Berwickshire_ [1950] P 204 in which the court in
awarding interest from the date of collision held (at 217) that:

[T]he true principle underlying the award of interest in Admiralty is that in
very £’s worth of damage in respect of which interest is ultimately awarded,
the interest has accrued potentially from the moment when the damage was
suffered until the liability has been adjudged and the amount finally
ascertained.

It therefore argued that the date to be taken had to be the date of the loss.

76 _The Berwickshire_ , however, concerned a French fishing vessel which was
sunk with a cargo of cod fish during the Second World War and the main issue
was whether interest could be awarded from the date of the casualty to 13
October 1944 which was the date when France was liberated from German
occupation. Prior to that date, it was impossible for the owners of the
fishing vessel to sue the owners of _The Berwickshire_ or for the latter to
admit liability and pay compensation because this would have been against the
_Trading with the Enemy Act, 1939_. The usual principles applicable to the
award of interest in admiralty cases were not in issue in that case and,
further, in the course of his judgment, Lord Merriman P cited, without demur,
the judgment of Sir Robert Phillimore in _The Northumbria_ in which the latter
had observed, _inter alia_ , that under the rule of _restituto in integrum_ ,
the cargo carrying vessel did not obtain interest from the date of the
collision because she received it in the shape of the freight at the port of
delivery.

77 Having regard to the authorities and the rationale for delaying the award
of interest, I think it was not correct to award the owner interest on the
value of the vessel from the date of the loss since the AR had also awarded
the net amount of charter hire for one year that the owner lost by reason of
the fire. The owner was therefore doubly compensated. Since the shipyard only
asked for interest to be awarded on the value of the vessel from 31 October
2008, I vary the award so that interest will accrue from that date.

Agency fees

78 The owner claimed agency fees of $1,050 per month which it had paid AMM
Ships Pte Ltd from 22 June 2008 to 22 January 2010. The AR awarded the owner
$21,000 under this head. On appeal, the shipyard submitted that the amount
should be reduced by $3,400.

79 The figure of $1,050 per month comprised $850 for agency fees, $100 for
communications and $100 for inland transportation. The shipyard pointed out
that during cross-examination, Mr Juffri had said that he was only claiming
the agency fees of $850 per month. During re-examination, however, he changed
his evidence to say that the fees were $1,050 per month. The shipyard argued
that prior to the repatriation of the crew in August 2008, it was reasonable
to incur fees for communications and transportation. Once all the crew had
been repatriated, however, these services were no longer required. Moreover
the vessel was under arrest from 22 September 2008. The amount awarded should
be reduced by $3,400 (being 17 months’ charges for transportation and
communications) to $17,600.

80 In response, the owner said that its case was that the agency fees had to
be paid as long as the vessel was anchored in Singapore regardless of whether
there was a crew on board. Mr Temple had agreed in court that when a vessel is
in Singapore it needs to have an agent, and port dues and agency fees would
have to be paid. The owner submitted that the sum of $1,050 charged by AMM
Ships Pte Ltd was the latter’s basic charge which included minimum charges for
inland transportation and communication. This was supported by the invoices
from AMM Ships Pte Ltd which were adduced in evidence. The owner had paid
these invoices and was simply claiming what it had paid its agent. During
cross-examination, Mr Juffri also clarified his error in stating that the fees
paid were $850 only and his corrected evidence was consistent with the
invoices from AMM Ships Pte Ltd.

81 The invoices showed the amounts paid by the owner to AMM Ships Pte Ltd. The
shipyard did not produce any evidence that the amounts charged were
unreasonable. The AR considered that these expenses were reasonably incurred.
There is therefore no reason for me to differ from her finding or to upset her
award in this respect.

Conclusion

82 For the reasons given above, the appeal must be allowed in part. I will see
the parties in order to formulate the exact terms of the order so as to
reflect the decisions that I have made above on how the amounts awarded by the
AR should be adjusted. Further, although the shipyard has been partially
successful in its appeal it has also failed in relation to substantial
portions of its claim and the owner’s counterclaim. Accordingly, I think it
necessary to hear the parties on what the appropriate order as to the costs of
the appeal should be.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 17 Feb 2011 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

