Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  AQV _v_ AQW  
[2011] SGHC 142

Case Number| :| Originating Summons No 1281 of 2010  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 01 June 2011  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Choo Han Teck J  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  M Ravi (L.F. Violet Netto) for the plaintiff; Kang Kim
Yang (Joseph Tan Jude Benny LLP) for the defendant.  
Parties| :|  AQV — AQW  
  
1 June 2011| Judgment reserved.  
---|---  
  
Choo Han Teck J:

1 The plaintiff wife, a graduate in economics, was 37 years old and the
defendant husband was 53 years old when the wife appealed to the Court of
Appeal in August last year (Civil Appeal No 43 of 2010) against the ancillary
orders made by Justice Lai Siu Chiu (“Justice Lai”) on 10 March 2010. They
have a son who was 12 years old at the time. The parties married in 1997 and
the marriage ended when the decree nisi, granted on 7 January 2005 was made
absolute on 15 September 2010. The wife was dissatisfied, among other things,
with the reduction of maintenance for the son from $12,000 to $600, and the
orders made in respect of the matrimonial assets. The wife was then
represented by Khattar Wong & Partners, filed ten affidavits. The husband was
at all times represented by Mr Kang Kim Yang. The wife’s appeal was dismissed
by the Court of Appeal on 5 August 2010.

2 The wife, now represented by Mr Ravi, filed this Originating Summons for a
declaration that Justice Lai was biased when she made the orders on 10 March
2010, and that consequently, those orders be set aside on the ground that they
were made in breach of natural justice. It was obviously unusual to make this
application now after the Court of Appeal had already heard the appeal against
Justice Lai’s orders. The facts supporting the allegation of bias were facts
that arose during the hearing before Justice Lai.

3 In her affidavit in support of this Originating Summons the wife alleged
that Justice Lai was biased because she made irrelevant remarks in the course
of the proceedings. The examples given by her were that Justice Lai asked
counsel if the wife was attractive; that she (the judge) knew the husband from
his previous divorce (the wife here was the wife from the husband’s second
marriage). It was also alleged that Justice Lai mentioned that she knew one
Graham Bell who was a business partner of the husband.

4 On the above bare facts, Mr Ravi made a spirited submission. I need not
repeat counsel’s arguments here as I am of the view that the facts alleged do
not in themselves give rise to any inference of bias. They were matters that
should have been raised at the appeal but were not. An allegation of bias
against a judge is a serious allegation and requires stringent proof. All that
the wife has given in support here was a letter written by her former counsel
confirming that Justice Lai did ask if the wife was attractive. This was not
an irrelevant question because the court can take into account the chances of
re-marriage when exercising its discretion in ancillary issues such as whether
an order for alimony should be for a lump-sum instead of periodic payments. I
am unable to read any bias or prejudice into a remark by a judge that merely
says that she had known a particular person or party from previous
proceedings. Often the court may inform the parties especially when there was
no material connection just so that the parties might not think that the judge
did not make the disclosure should they find out subsequently. Such comments
are often made so that the parties can be advised whether to object to the
judge hearing the case. In this case, no objection was raised before Justice
Lai or the Court of Appeal. In respect of the alleged remark about Graham
Bell, it was not clear what Justice Lai was meant to have said. The wife
alleged that Justice Lai “knew [the wife’s] former business partner Mr Graham
Bell.” The husband disputed that assertion and deposed that the judge merely
referred to Mr Bell’s name as it was cited in one of the many affidavits
filed.

5 I also note that the wife had made two magistrates complaints against the
husband which were subsequently proved to be false. She had also lodged a
complaint against Mr Kang to the Law Society for improper conduct even though
Mr Kang had never dealt with her personally.

6 I am therefore of the view that the allegations have not been proved and
this Originating Summons must therefore be dismissed with costs. I shall hear
the question of costs at a later date.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 01 Jun 2011 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

