Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Asia Pacific Publishing Pte Ltd _v_ Pioneers & Leaders (Publishers) Pte
Ltd  
[2011] SGCA 37

Case Number| :| Civil Appeal No 147 of 2010  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 27 July 2011  
Tribunal/Court| :| Court of Appeal  
Coram| :|  Chao Hick Tin JA; Andrew Phang Boon Leong JA; V K Rajah JA  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Stanley Lai Tze Chang SC, Vignesh Vaerhn, Eunice Lim Ming
Hui and Tan Lijun (Allen & Gledhill LLP) for the appellant; Tan Tee Jim SC, Ng
Guan Zhen (instructed), Irving Choh and Lim Bee Li (KhattarWong) for the
respondent.  
Parties| :|  Asia Pacific Publishing Pte Ltd — Pioneers & Leaders (Publishers)
Pte Ltd  
  
[LawNet Editorial Note: The decision from which this appeal arose is reported
at [2010] 4 SLR 744.]

27 July 2011| Judgment reserved.  
---|---  
  
V K Rajah JA (delivering the judgment of the court):

Introduction

1 This is an appeal by the appellant, Asia Pacific Publishing Pte Ltd (“the
Appellant”), against the decision of a High Court Judge (“the Judge”),
allowing the claim by the respondent, Pioneers & Leaders (Publishers) Pte Ltd
(“the Respondent”) for copyright infringement and passing off. The Judge had
also ordered an injunction to restrain the Appellant from infringing the
Respondent’s copyright.

2 A novel issue raised in this appeal is whether an incorporated body can be
considered an “author” for the purposes of copyright law. The Judge found that
a company could indeed be an author of an original work that attracted
copyright protection. Her detailed reasons can be found in _Pioneers & Leaders
(Publishers) Pte Ltd v Asia Pacific Publishing Pte Ltd_ [2010] 4 SLR 744 (“the
Judgment”). Before we analyse the legal issues that have arisen in this appeal
the facts ought to be set out to give those issues context.

The facts

3 The Appellant was incorporated in Singapore in 2006, while the Respondent
was incorporated in Singapore in 1983. Both the Appellant and the Respondent
have been, at all material times, in the business of books and magazines
publication.

4 The Respondent has been publishing a horse-racing magazine known as “
_Punters’ Way_ ” in both English and Chinese since its incorporation in
December 1983. Prior to 1983, _Punters’ Way_ had been published and sold since
March 1977 by Pioneers & Leaders Co, a partnership registered in Singapore
that is related to the Respondent. _Punters’ Way_ caters to horseracing
punters, and contains all types of horse-racing information, including race
cards, the names and description of the horses participating in each race, the
pedigree of each horse and the particulars of trainers and jockeys and their
performance history.

5 The Appellant, which was incorporated in November 2006, has, on its part,
been publishing a horse-racing magazine known as “ _Racing Guide_ ” only from
January 2007\. _Racing Guide_ was first published in 1986, and was thereafter
published by several different companies. The Appellant acquired the right to
publish _Racing Guide_ from Racing Guide Publications Pte Ltd soon after it
was incorporated. The contents of _Racing Guide_ are essentially similar to
that of _Punters’ Way_ and it is also published in both English and Chinese.
It is pertinent to note that both magazines obtain all their race information
from the same source, that is to say, the Singapore Turf Club (“the Turf
Club”).

The dispute between the parties

6 From 30 June 2007 to 5 June 2008, both the Appellant’s and Respondent’s
horse-racing magazines, _Racing Guide_ and _Punters’ Way_ respectively,
contained horse-racing information in a set of four tables (“the Tables”) that
was arranged in the same sequence. The Tables adopted the following sequence:

(i) Table 1 Race Card;

(ii) Table 2 Results Panel;

(iii) Table 3 Track Work; and

(iv) Table 4 Records of Past Performances.

7 The Race Card consists of the line-up of the horses competing in each race,
and readers are able to read about the horses that are participating in the
race, their recent physical status, their performance and how they are to be
equipped; the jockeys and their recent performances; and trainers’ strike
rates. The Results Panel consists of the choice selection of potential winning
horses picked by the Respondent’s tipsters. It also has blank spaces to allow
readers to fill in the actual result of the race.

8 The Track Work table shows the preparation that each horse has been put
through by its trainer. It includes particulars of the horses’ performance
before the race day for up to 21 days and is specially designed to give
readers additional information on the recent physical state or condition of
the horse. Finally, the Records of Past Performances table has a detailed
history of each horse, including its pedigree, owner and stable; the stake
money it has won; and the horses’ past performances for the last six runs.

9 The Respondent alleged that as _Racing Guide_ contained the Tables in the
same sequence from 30 June 2007 to 5 June 2008, the Appellant had infringed
the Respondent’s copyright by way of the copying and reproduction of the
compilation of the Tables as they were materially similar to those in
_Punters’ Way_.

10 Additionally, the Respondent claimed that since 1993, _Punters’ Way_
employed a different colour on the front cover to identify the various
editions for each race day in Malaysia and Singapore. The Respondent also
contended that the colour coding scheme has become a unique feature of the
Respondent’s publication and is in fact a badge of origin, which the
Respondent uses to distinguish its products from the other products in the
market. On or about 4 January 2008, the Appellant began to adopt similar
colour coding for both its English and Chinese editions of _Racing Guide_. A
comparison of the colour coding for both magazines is as follows:-

Race Day |  _Punters’ Way_ |  _Racing Guide_  
---|---|---  
Singapore Friday |  Maroon |  Maroon  
Singapore Saturday |  Purple |  Dark Purple  
Singapore Sunday |  Orange-red |  Orange-red  
Malaysia Saturday |  Purple |  Light Purple  
Malaysia Sunday |  Gold |  Gold  
  
  

11 The Appellant also changed the pictures of the horses on the front cover
page of _Racing Guide_ , such that the horses were forward-facing, instead of
the horses’ side profile being shown, as was the case previously. In addition,
the Appellant also placed an advertisement panel on the bottom of the front
page from January 2008, which was similar to _Punters’ Way_. Prior to January
2008, the Appellant used to place its advertisement panels in the middle left
hand side of the front page.

12 Because of all these similarities, the Respondent claimed that the
Appellant had misrepresented to members of the public that _Racing Guide_ was
connected to or associated with _Punters’ Way_ , causing confusion, and had
attempted to pass off _Racing Guide_ for _Punters’ Way_. On 25 April 2008, a
demand letter was issued by the Respondent to the Appellant. In the letter,
the Respondent alleged that the Appellant had infringed the Respondent’s
copyright in the Tables, and had also passed off _Racing Guide_ as _Punters’
Way_. The Respondent claimed for a sum in lieu of damages as well as for the
Appellant to cease and desist from the alleged infringement of copyright and
passing off. The Appellant responded to the demand letter, rejecting the
Respondent’s assertions and claims. It bears mention that not long after the
demand letter was sent the Appellant modified the Tables in its publication.
The Respondent accepts that infringement ceased on 5 June 2008. Legal
proceedings against the Appellant commenced on 12 November 2008 and the trial
was heard in February and March 2010.

The decision of the High Court

13 The Judge found that copyright subsisted in the Tables in _Punters’ Way_
and that a company could indeed be the author of a copyright protected work as
there was nothing in principle that would prevent an incorporated company from
authoring a work. In the Judge’s view, who an “author” was ultimately depended
on the facts of each case – more specifically, the rights that were sought to
be protected, and the factual context from which the relevant work arose. In
the present case, the Respondent was presumed to be the author of the Tables
under s 131 of the Copyright Act (Cap 63, 2006 Rev Ed) (“the Act”). The Judge
further found that there was no difficulty with determining the duration of
the copyright owned by an incorporated entity as time will start to run from
the moment the copyrighted works are published, consistent with ss 28–29 of
the Act, and the relevant period would be 70 years from the expiration of the
calendar year in which the work was first published.

14 In addition, the Judge found that there was originality in the compilation
of the Tables found in _Punters’ Way_ as there was skill and creativity
expended in the selection of information to be presented in the Tables, which
had been arranged in a way the Respondent believed was most useful to its
readers. The Judge also held that the evidence showed that the presentation of
horse-racing information in _Racing Guide_ was substantially similar to that
in _Punters’ Way_ and that a substantial part of the Tables had been copied.
The court granted an injunction to prevent the Appellant from infringing the
Respondent’s copyright in _Punters’ Way_.

15 In relation to the claim in passing off, the Judge found that without
relying on any expert evidence, there was more than sufficient objective
evidence to establish a compelling case that the Appellant had deliberately
made changes to the cover page of _Racing Guide_ to pass it off as _Punters’
Way_. The Judge concluded that the similarities between the Chinese editions
were also undeniably apparent. The expert evidence based on surveys conducted
on readers of horse racing magazines further served to reinforce the court’s
findings. The court therefore found that the Respondent was entitled to
damages resulting from the Appellant’s passing off and/or infringement of
copyright.

The issues

16 Three main issues arise for consideration before us in the present appeal,
namely:

(a) Is the Respondent entitled to assert copyright protection as the author of
its publication? (“the First Issue”);

(b) If the Respondent is entitled to copyright protection, has the Appellant
infringed its rights? (“the Second Issue”); and

(c) Has the Respondent established the constituent elements to ground a
passing off action? (“the Third Issue”).

Copyright protection in Singapore

17 Before we examine the issues it would be apt to outline the current
copyright legislative scheme in Singapore. As this was grandfathered in the
United Kingdom (“the UK”), it will be useful to briefly narrate the historical
evolution of copyright there. Interestingly, though the concept of copyright
was born in the late 15th century, following the invention of printing, which
made it possible to produce multiple copies of books quickly and cheaply, the
very first Copyright Act was only passed in 1709 in the UK – the Statute of
Anne 1709 (8 Anne c 19) (UK) (“the Statute of Anne”): see Kevin Garnett _et
al_ , _Copinger and Skone James on Copyright_ vol 1 (Sweet & Maxwell, 16th Ed,
2011) (“ _Copinger_ ”) at para 2-08.

18 The Statute of Anne was the first copyright statute in the world and it is
the basal foundation on which the modern concept of copyright has been built.
As pointed out in _Copinger_ at para 2-16, two of the principles established
by the Statute of Anne were revolutionary at the time: recognition of the
author as the fountainhead of protection; and adoption of the principle of a
limited term of protection for published works.

19 The Statute of Anne gave authors copyright protection for all existing
printed books for a period of 21 years, and a maximum of 28 years for new
works. It envisaged rights to be accorded to natural persons who created a
work, balanced with the public interest of maintaining a robust public domain
in which original literary, musical and artistic works are produced. The
object of copyright protection was to encourage human progress through the
sharing of learning and writings while safeguarding the potential economic
benefits through the grant of monopoly rights of a limited duration. The
social contract created protected original creativity without reference to
literary merit.

20 The UK Copyright Act 1911 (c 46) (UK) (“the UK Copyright Act 1911”)
subsequently codified the modern law on copyright. Additionally, it abolished
common law copyright in unpublished works and conferred copyright protection
on a number of works previously unprotected. Here, for the first time, the
common law requirement that a literary work had to be “original” to secure
copyright protection was acknowledged. To qualify as an original work, the
work had to originate from an author without copying.

21 In Singapore, the Statute of Anne applied pursuant to the Second Charter of
Justice of 1826 (c 85) (UK). This was then replaced by the UK Copyright Act
1911. However, in response to vastly changed circumstances, the UK Copyright
Act 1911 was eventually repealed and replaced by the Singapore Copyright Act
1987 (Act 2 of 1987) (“the 1987 Act”). The 1987 Act was modelled on the
Australian Copyright Act 1968 (Act No 63 of 1968) (Cth) (“the Australian
Copyright Act 1968”), as amended by the Copyright Amendment Acts 1980 (Act No
154 of 1980) (Cth) and 1984 (Act No 43 of 1984) (Cth). The 1987 Act was later
revised in 1988, by way of the Copyright Act (Cap 63, 1988 Rev Ed), and 1999
by way of the Copyright Act (Cap 63, 1999 Rev Ed) (“the 1999 Act”), before
becoming the Act as it exists today.

22 The Act governs the law of copyright in Singapore and copyright prevails
only when permitted by the Act. As we will show below, the concepts of
authoring and authorship take centre stage in the Act. The general framework
of copyright law in Singapore encompasses the following:

(a)

the subject matter of protection;

(b)

the scope of protection granted;

(c)

the term of protection; and

(d)

formalities.

The subject matter of protection

23 The subject matter accorded protection falls into two principal categories.
The first, protected under Part III and more specifically found in s 27 of the
Act, includes traditional types of subject matter such as literary, dramatic,
musical and artistic works which are original. The second category, protected
under ss 97–101 in Part IV of the Act, relates to “subject-matter other than
works” and includes sound recordings, television broadcasts and cinematograph
films amongst others.

24 Section 27 of the Act is _in pari materia_ with s 32 of the Australian
Copyright Act 1968, which has its origins in the UK Copyright Act 1911. Thus,
both English and Australian cases are useful reference points on the issue of
originality. However, while the cases are helpful in illuminating the
application of the legal principles, it has to be remembered that ultimately
the originality of each particular work is everything in determining if
copyright exists.

The scope of protection granted

25 The scope of protection accorded differs according to the type of subject
matter concerned. Copyright protection is concerned with the unauthorised
reproduction or dissemination by third parties of the form in which a person
has chosen to express himself or herself, whether by way of a book, painting,
or something else. Nevertheless this protection may be broader in some cases
than in others, due to the nature of the subject matter in question. For
example, for literary, dramatic and musical works, a person may prevent a wide
range of unauthorised reproductions such as, _inter alia_ , adaptations,
public performances and other public communications of the work. However, for
artistic works and subject matter other than works, the protection accorded is
more limited and more narrowly interpreted.

The term of protection

26 In general, the term of protection for works is the author’s life plus 70
years as stated in s 28 of the Act; while the term of protection for other
subject matter, as well as certain limited categories of works such as those
published anonymously or pseudonymously is 70 years from the date of first
publication, as seen in s 29 and ss 92–96 of the Act respectively.

27 The length that ought to be accorded to copyright protection has always
been robustly debated. This stems from the difficulty of striking an
appropriate balance between the competing tensions of public and private
interests. On one hand, there is the interest of the public in securing both
new and established works freely and as early as possible, and, on the other,
the need to ensure that authors receive a just return for their creative
efforts and are thereby encouraged to keep on creating. The perennial problem
has been to find the right period of protection which strikes the appropriate
balance between these competing tensions.

28 As mentioned earlier in [19], the statutory protection provided by the
Statute of Anne was a maximum period of 28 years. As an aside, it bears noting
that the average human life span then was much shorter. The initial statutory
period was enlarged in 1814 to the term of the author’s life, if the author
was still living at the end of 28 years. In 1842, it was changed to the life
of the author plus seven years or 42 years, whichever was the longer. The
rationale for this new term was based on the argument that the earlier
legislation tended to penalise the author who published his work shortly
before his death. This, coupled with the desire to secure rights which would
benefit the heirs of the author, resulted in the new extended copyright
period. Subsequently, the UK Copyright Act 1911 provided that the term for
copyright would be the author’s life plus 50 years. This was the position
adopted in the 1987 Act when it was first enacted.

29 In May 2003, the United States - Singapore Free Trade Agreement was signed,
obliging Singapore to add 20 years to the then-existing term for authors’
works, performances and phonograms. The result was that in July 2004, the 1999
Act was amended to reflect the current copyright term for works as the
author’s life plus 70 years. The history and rationale of the term of
copyright will be explicated further below at [57]–[60].

Formalities

30 There is no requirement of registration before copyright protection
attaches under the Act. However, in order for copyright to subsist, s 27 of
the Act requires that one of the following connecting factors must exist in
relation to the work or subject matter in question, that is:

(a) that the author or maker be a “qualified person”;

(b) that the work or subject matter be first published in Singapore; or

(c) in the case of sound recordings, films and broadcasts, that they be made
in Singapore.

This will be elaborated upon further below at [46]–[56].

31 As mentioned above, the sections in the Act are largely modelled on the
Australian Copyright Act 1968, which was found to be the most compatible with
Singapore’s requirements bearing in mind “our legal system [and] our need to
be up-to-date and comprehensive”: see _Singapore Parliamentary Debates,
Official Report_ (5 May 1986) vol 48 at col 12 (Prof S Jayakumar, Second
Minister for Law). However as we have earlier stated, English cases still have
significance since both Singapore and Australia copyright law have deep
English roots.

Copyright protection in compilations

32 It is necessary that the Tables fall under one of the categories of subject
matter accorded protection. Section 7A of the Act reads as follows:-

**Literary works include compilation and computer program**

**7A**. —(1) For the purposes of this Act, “literary work” includes —

(_a_) a compilation in any form; and

(_b_) a computer program.

(2) Any copyright subsisting in a compilation by virtue of Part III —

(a) is limited to the selection or arrangement of its contents which
constitutes an intellectual creation; and

...

(3) For the purposes of this section —

“compilation” means —

...

(c) a compilation, or table, of data other than relevant materials or parts of
relevant materials,

which, by reason of the selection or arrangement of its contents, constitutes
an intellectual creation;

Typically, provided a subject matter can reasonably be called a table,
compilation or database, it will almost always fall within the statutory
description: see _Copinger_ at para 3-27. The information in the Tables in
_Punters’ Way_ would clearly constitute a table of data other than relevant
materials, capable of being termed a “compilation”, and by extension, the
Tables would be a “literary work”. It has therefore been common ground that
the Tables in _Punters’ Way_ are indeed compilations. But, in order for any
copyright to subsist in the compilation, the selection or arrangement of its
contents must be the product of intellectual creation.

33 It has been rightly pointed out, in _George Wei_ , _The Law of Copyright in
Singapore_ (SNP Editions, 2nd Ed, 2000) (“ _George Wei_ ”) at p 1331, that the
notion of “ _intellectual creation_ ” ties in with the basic copyright
principle that only “original” compilations are protected by copyright. The
test for compilations remains the same as the general test for a literary
work, namely that of originality – whether there is sufficient amount of
skill, labour and judgment involved in the creative process.

34 This threshold is heavily fact-centric and it is often a problematic matter
of “which side of the line the case falls”: see _Chilton v Progress Printing
Company_ [1895] 2 Ch 29. Similarly, _George Wei_ points out at p 54 that:

[while the] basic notion of originality is easy enough to understand and to
apply at a broad level of abstraction; it is much more tricky at its margins,
especially in the case of fact based works...

In the same vein, it has also been observed in _Copinger_ at para 3-130 that
there is no guiding principle as to the precise quantum of labour, skill or
judgment required, but rather it is a question of fact and degree and thus has
to be determined on the facts of the particular case.

35 As an aside, it can be said that the Anglo-Australian requirement of
originality, while taking account of the intellectual effort of the author,
has traditionally placed greater emphasis on the time, labour and effort
involved. However, we note that several of the cases where copyright was
granted in respect of seemingly mundane compilations (such as a timetable
index, street directories, football fixture lists and a racing information
service) were decided predominantly in the early 19th century to the early
20th century, before computer usage became part of everyday life. With the
proliferation of computers and the ready availability of software, the law on
copyright ought also to evolve to take into account the ease and convenience
that computers bring to the process of compiling in the 21st century.
Tediously painstaking works when done manually, such as the tabulation of
timetables, or broadcasting programmes, are now effortlessly completed with
the touch of a computer key or two, without much exertion or skill being
called for. Older decisions that had focussed on the gathering of information
as the touchstone rather than the productive effort involved in expression may
therefore require reconsideration one day.

36 For now, it can be said that where someone has expended effort in creating
something that has some literary value, it is worthy of protection,
irrespective of the precise quantum of intellectual input involved in
producing it or the literary merits or novelty of the work product. Having
stated this general proposition, we should caution that “[w]hen the particular
form of expression contains facts and information, it is not helpful to refer
to the “rough and practical test [in _University of London Press, Limited v
University Tutorial Press, Limited_ [1916] 2 Ch 601 (“ _University Tutorial
Press_ ”) at 610] that what is worth copying is prima facie worth
protecting””: see _IceTV Pty Limited v Nine Network Australia Pty Ltd_ [2009]
HCA 14 at [31].

37 This is because the law of copyright does not protect ideas, facts or
information. It is only the particular form in which the ideas, facts or
information is presented after creativity has been added to the mix that may
be protected. Similarly, it is not the preparatory efforts or process of
gathering facts that is protected. Rather it is the thought effort involved in
creating the particular form of expression that is embraced by copyright. Not
infrequently, the expression of data, say, through an alphabetical listing,
will involve little ingenuity or skill beyond mechanical labour or routine
programming. In such matters, it may be difficult to argue that copyright
protection is called for.

38 In assessing copyright for compilations, in particular, we think it is
always profitable to bear in mind the four key principles discerningly
summarised in _Feist Publications Inc v Rural Telephone Service Company Inc_.
499 US 340 (1991). First, facts are not copyrightable. Second, compilations of
facts, however, are generally copyrightable. Third, the _sine qua non_ of
copyright is originality. Fourth, originality simply means that the work was
independently created by the author and that it possesses some minimal degree
of creativity, the level of creativity required being extremely low: see
_George Wei_ at pp 84–85.

39 In this matter, the Second Issue of whether copyright subsists in the
Tables in _Punters’ Way_ and if so whether the Appellant has infringed that
copyright, rests primarily on the fourth principle – the existence of a
minimum degree of creativity independently exercised by the author. However,
before addressing the Second Issue, we turn now to the prior First Issue,
which deals with whether the Tables were independently created by the
Respondent as an author.

The First Issue: Is the Respondent entitled to assert copyright protection as
the author of its publication?

40 A leading treatise on intellectual property, Staniforth Ricketson and
Christopher Creswell, _The Law of Intellectual Property: Copyright, Designs &
Confidential Information_ (Lawbook Co, 2nd Ed (Revised), 2010 release) (“
_Ricketson_ ”) at para 7.45 states that originality refers to “the
contribution which is made by the author to the form in which the work is
expressed”. This approach was underscored in the storied decision of Isaacs J
in _Sands & McDougall Pty Ltd v Robinson_ (1917) 23 CLR 49, where it was noted
(at 55–56):

in copyright law the two expressions “author” and “original work” have always
been correlative; _the one connotes the other_. [emphasis added]

41 It seems plain to us after our brief overview of the copyright scheme above
that ever since the enactment of the Statute of Anne, the objective of
copyright law has been to encourage the creativity of natural authors. _The
identification of the author is therefore a key function of copyright law as
that is the person who is entitled to the benefits conferred by law_.

42 Returning to the facts, it is crucial to note that the Respondent
unequivocally pleaded in its Statement of Claim (Amendment No. 1) that it
_alone_ was the original author of the Tables in _Punters’ Way_ ; and that the
Tables were the intellectual creation of the Respondent. No human individuals
were identified. _Further, no copyright claim was made in respect of the
software that was responsible for generating the relevant tables_. For ease of
reference we reproduce the relevant portion of the pleading:

8\. In particular, most of the information that was compiled in “ _Punters’
Way_ ” is specially tabulated according to its nature and contents. _Among
other information, there is a set of four tables which is specially compiled
by the [Respondent]_. This set of tables is compiled in a sequence after very
careful consideration and trial runs. It gives [readers] quick reference and
useful guides. _The [Respondent] creates this compilation and is its author.
It is the [Respondent’s] original literary work and there are no similar
horse-racing publications either within Singapore or outside Singapore that
has compiled the four tables in such a manner_. [emphasis added]

43 It should be noted that the Respondent had not pleaded _ownership_ of the
Tables. _Authorship and ownership are not synonymous terms_. The former refers
to the concept of creating and the latter to one of possessing proprietary
rights. An author need not be an owner and the converse is equally true.
Further, the authorship of the Tables was not pleaded as one of joint-
authorship by the Respondent’s employees. The crucial issue which therefore
arises is whether the Respondent, as a body corporate can indeed legally be
considered an author of a copyrighted work assuming that this was factually
what happened. We shall now consider this issue.

Who is an author?

44 First, the Act, and similarly the Australian Copyright Act 1968, is silent
as to the definition of “author”, except to say in s 7 that an author, in
relation to a photograph, means the person who took the photograph. As a
result, the answer to who an author is can only be deduced from other sources.

45 A useful starting point is s 9 of the UK Copyright, Designs and Patent Act
1988 (c 48) (UK) (“the 1988 UK Act”). Section 9(1) of the 1988 UK Act provides
that an “author”, in relation to a work, means the person who creates it. This
definition is reiterated in David Hay gen ed, _Words and Phrases Legally
Defined_ vol I (LexisNexis, 4th Edition, 2007) at p 212.

46 Second, a closer examination of s 27 of the Act seems obligatory (in the
light of the Appellant’s arguments) in order to ascertain the legislative
intent of who an “author” might be. Section 27 provides the following:

**Original works in which copyright subsists**

**27**. —(1) ...

…

(2) Subject to the provisions of this Act, _where an original literary_ ,
dramatic, musical or artistic _work has been published_ —

(_a_) copyright shall subsist in the work; or

(_b_) if copyright in the work subsisted immediately before its first
publication, copyright shall continue to subsist in the work,

if, but only if —

(_c_) the first publication of the work took place in Singapore;

(_d_) the author of the work was a qualified person at the time when the work
was first published; or

(_e_) the author died before that time but was a qualified person immediately
before his death.

...

(4) In this section, “ _qualified person” means a citizen of Singapore or a
person resident in Singapore_.

[emphasis added]

47 The Appellant argued that s 27 of the Act requires an author to be a
“qualified person”, and as “qualified person” has been defined to mean “a
citizen of Singapore or a person resident in Singapore”[note: 1] in s 27(4) of
the Act, the Respondent as a body corporate cannot claim to be an author under
the Act. We have difficulties with this contention.

48 The Judge, in our view, was correct in holding that sub-ss 27(2)(_c_),
(_d_) and (_e_) of the Act are disjunctive, and not conjunctive. This is also
the settled Australian position: see below at [49]. Australia, as a signatory
to the Berne Convention for the Protection of Literary and Artistic Works
(“the Berne Convention”) had to give effect to Art 3(1) of the Berne
Convention, which sets out alternative connecting factors based on an author’s
personal status and the place of first publication of the work. Protection
will be accorded where one of the connecting factors is established. Having
acceded to the Berne Convention in December 1998, Singapore has also
unambiguously agreed to comply with the minimum terms set out by the Berne
Convention. In any event, as s 27 of the Act was modelled on s 32 of the
Australian Copyright Act 1968, we do not think it can be seriously argued that
the position in Singapore differs from the Australian one on this.

49 _Ricketson_ at para 5.10 confirms that only one of the “connecting factors”
is required by s 32 of the Australian Copyright Act 1968 to be present, at the
time the type of work or subject matter in question is created or made, for
copyright to subsist. These connecting factors refer either to the personal
status of the author or maker of the work or other subject matter at the time
of making (“the personal criterion”) or to the place of first publication of
the subject matter (“the territorial criterion”). It is therefore abundantly
clear that the personal criterion and the territorial criterion are meant to
be alternatives, and fulfilling either criterion would suffice.

50 We note that _George Wei_ at p 288, fn 118, also takes the same view that:

s 27(2) essentially sets out two _alternative_ connecting factors for
published works, namely, first publication in Singapore (s 27(2)(c)) and the
personal status of the author as a qualified person (s 27(2)(d) & (e)). It is
submitted that it is not necessary under s 27(2) for published works to be
both first published in Singapore and made by a qualified person at the
relevant time. Either factor will do ... **_It is submitted that limbs (c),
(d) and (e) of s 27(2) do not set out cumulative requirements_**. [emphasis in
original in italics; emphasis added in bold italics]

Satisfying either the personal criterion or the territorial criterion is
sufficient for the work to acquire copyright in Singapore. The Judge,
therefore, quite correctly rejected the Appellant’s submissions at trial that
the author must be a qualified person, as this would make s 27(2)(_d_)
mandatory, contrary to the intent of the statute.

51 The Judge was also correct when she held that the purpose of s 27(2) was
only to ensure that a claim for copyright had sufficient connection with
Singapore in order to warrant protection under the Act, rather than to provide
a definition of who could be an author of a subsisting copyright under the
Act: see [26] of the Judgment.

52 However, the Judge erred in declaring subsequently (at [25] of the
Judgment) that “although the author of the work must be a qualified person
_for the purposes_ of meeting the criteria of s 29(2)(_d_), there is no
statutory provision that exhaustively states that the only “author” relevant
for all purposes of the Copyright Act _must_ be a qualified person” [emphasis
in original]. The Judge relied on s 2 of the Interpretation Act (Cap 1, 2002
Rev Ed) (“the Interpretation Act”) (which defines “person” to include any
company or association or body of persons, corporate or unincorporated) to
substantiate her point, and added, for good measure, that there are also no
statutory provisions in the Act which state that an author must necessarily be
a living person: see [25] of the Judgment.

53 While it is true that s 2 of the Interpretation Act defines “person” as
including a company, it must be remembered that the words and expressions
defined in the Interpretation Act only have the meanings respectively assigned
to them in the absence of anything in the subject or context of the relevant
statute that is inconsistent with such meanings. As a matter of principle, in
interpreting statutes, the general ordinarily gives way to the special or
particular.

54 It is also interesting to briefly digress and note that an altogether
different position has been statutorily adopted in Malaysia. In the Malaysian
Copyright Act 1987 (Act 332) (Malaysia), the term “qualified person” has been
expanded to include:

(a) in relation to an individual, ... a person who is a citizen of, or a
permanent resident in, Malaysia; and (b) in relation to a body corporate, ...
a body corporate established in Malaysia and constituted or vested with legal
personality under the laws of Malaysia …

The Malaysian definition of “qualified person” is thus fundamentally different
from the definition in the Act and the Australian Copyright Act 1968, both of
which do not explicitly provide for a body corporate. It therefore does not
come as a surprise that the Malaysian courts have had no difficulty in
interpreting the word “author” as referring not only to natural persons, but
also to companies: see _Creative Purpose Sdn Bhd & Anor v Integrated Trans
Corp Sdn Bhd & Ors_ [1997] 2 MLJ 429. However, since the Act is silent on this
point, can it similarly be inferred that non-living “persons” could be authors
for the purposes of copyright?

55 Returning to the legal position here, it is also noteworthy that leading
treatises in Australia and England take the view that only natural persons can
be qualified persons. _Ricketson_ at para 5.20 unequivocally points out that:

In the context of s 32 of the _Copyright Act 1968_ (Cth) [(equivalent to s 27
of the Act)] (which is concerned with works), it is clear that “qualified
person” applies only to natural persons. [emphasis in original]

56 Likewise, Kevin Lindgren QC _et al_ , _Copyright and Designs_ vol 1
(LexisNexis, 2004) at para 12,040, states:

It is important to note that a body corporate cannot be a “qualified person”
in relation to original works. The reason for this is that the “qualified
person” and first owner of copyright in an original work is the “author”, and
although a body corporate may be the copyright owner by virtue of the
operation of a contract of employment, an assignment, or in any of the other
ways expressly provided for in [the Australian Copyright Act 1968], _it cannot
be an author_. [emphasis added]

We also note that _Copinger_ at para 4-10 has taken the view that:

[w]ith very limited exceptions [such as computer-generated works and old
photographs], _the “author” of these categories of work must be a natural
person_. The fact that one person is acting as employee of another cannot
affect the question of authorship, nor can the fact that one person is an
agent for another... [emphasis added]

With these views in mind we will now excavate further the historical and
legislative policy considerations undergirding this issue.

A non-living author?

57 The 19th century saw the emergence of the European doctrine of _droit
moral_ under which authors’ intellectual and creative rights in their works
were recognised in addition to their purely economic rights. Continental
jurisdictions therefore regarded an author’s work as an emanation or extension
of his or her personality, inseparably linked with his or her honour and
reputation and thus deserving of a long period of protection: see _Ricketson_
at para 6.55. This concept naturally leads to the conclusion that an author
must be a human being.

58 Hugh Laddie _et al_ , _The Modern Law of Copyright and Designs_ vol 1
(Butterworths, 3rd Ed, 2000) (“ _Laddie”_) points out at para 10.8 that the
Berne Convention is concerned with the rights of human authors to their
original literary, dramatic, musical and artistic works. As a consequence,
Laddie further observes, thatthe Continental legal tradition has always been
to regard the author’s right to his property as the starting point, and to
look upon limitations to its term as a regrettable necessity. It is because of
this that Art 7 of the Berlin Revision of the Berne Convention in 1908
provided that the term of protection should include the life of the author
plus 50 years after his death. The extension of the term of copyright was
inextricably linked to increased life expectancies at that time.

59 The UK’s approach to the duration of copyright has been slightly different
from that of the Continental jurisdictions in that “those who seek legislation
in favour of exclusive privileges which restrain trade and freedom of
communication ought to show that they are justified in the public interest”:
see _Laddie_ at para 10.8. This approach equally takes into account the fact
that the starting point of copyright is a human author. Both the UK Copyright
Act 1911 and the 1988 UK Act have provided for the term of protection as the
author’s life plus 50 years. This was supposed to reflect two generations of
heirs of the author. However, with increased life expectancy in developed
countries, especially in regional groupings where the majority of member
countries are developed with relatively high standards of living such as the
European Union, it was unsurprising that the European Commission issued a
directive in 1993 which increased the _post mortem auctoris_ period to 70
years, and this has been implemented in the UK since 1995.

60 Since the duration of copyright protection has always been based on the
author’s life expectancy and the rationale for the _post mortem auctoris_ term
was so as to benefit two generations of the author’s heirs, it is patently
clear that incorporated bodies were never contemplated to have been “authors”
for the purposes of copyright. It would be absurd to suggest that a company
could have a lifespan, let alone generations of heirs. Thus, it must follow
that authors have to be living persons.

61 However, the Judge found that there was no difficulty in accepting that an
incorporated body could be the author of an original work: see [31] of the
Judgment. The Judge considered that it would be (at [32] of the Judgment):

consistent with the statutory regime found in [the Act] if the copyright in
the work is found to expire 70 years after the expiration of the calendar year
in which the work was first published.

This is provided for in ss 28(3) and 29 of the Act in situations where a work
is unpublished before the death of the author, or where it is an anonymous and
pseudonymous work.

62 In our view, the Judge plainly erred on this point. Neither of these
scenarios is present in this case. There was no posthumous publication because
if the Respondent qualifies as the “author” of the Tables, _Punters’ Way_
would have been published during the “lifetime” of the Respondent. Similarly,
if the Respondent was the author of the Tables, then the Tables cannot
possibly be an anonymous or pseudonymous work and s 29 does not apply. The
prerequisites for the operation of either section have not been satisfied by
the Respondent.

63 Sections 28 and 29 of the Act are in pari materia with ss 33 and 34 of the
Australian Copyright Act 1968. It has been established that the rationale of
these provisions is to encourage the ultimate disclosure and dissemination of
protected works and the information and knowledge that they contain. This
objective would not be achieved if such works remain protected indefinitely
and are withheld from the public domain. Superimposing ss 28(3) and 29 onto
the factual matrix at hand would be wrong as these provisions plainly do not
contemplate scenarios where an incorporated body is an author. Since it is not
possible to rely on the date of publication as the litmus test for the expiry
of the copyright, it appears that if a company qualifies as an author it would
possess an indefinite and extraordinary perpetual copyright to its work.
Pertinently, we should add, sub- ss 28(3) and 28(5) of the Act expressly refer
to the “death of an author” as the reference event for copyright protection in
certain instances. Why would this be the case if non living authors were
intended to be embraced by the Act?

64 The rationale underpinning copyright protection is not about the utility of
the work, but rather the protection of the originality of the expression
employed to communicate ideas. It is therefore unhelpful to say that the
contents in a compilation will become obsolete, irrelevant or useless after
some time, and therefore not worth copying or protecting, for as long as there
is evidence of originality in the work, protection is conferred. Even if the
work becomes obsolete after time, the copyright owner would still be able to
bring an action against anyone who utilises the work for an infringement of
copyright, regardless of the relevancy of the work at that time. Should
companies and like entities qualify as authors, they would be entitled to
claim a perpetual monopoly over their works to maximise the economic returns
of copyright protection. This would be contrary to the underlying policy of
the Act which is to accord copyright protection for a limited duration that
best strikes a balance between the competing public and private interests: see
above at [26]–[29].

65 It also seems obvious that authorship by a company could never have been
contemplated by the Statute of Anne as companies operating as distinct legal
entities were not a typical feature of commerce when it was enacted. In the
UK, prior to the mid-19th century, incorporation was only done by way of royal
charter or by private Act of Parliament. However, the Crown and Parliament
were usually suspicious of lending their dignity and the benefits of separate
personality to commercial organisations. As a result, most joint-stock
companies did not have separate legal personality. Parliament finally
permitted the incorporation of companies by registration when it passed the
Joint Stock Companies Act 1844 (7 & 8 Vict c 110) (UK).

66 It was only in the late 19th century that there was a proliferation of
incorporated entities in the UK and whereupon a registered company could
acquire separate personality upon registration. This principle of separate
legal corporate personality was affirmed in the celebrated case of _Aron
Salomon v A. Salomon and Company, Limited_ [1897] AC 22.

67 From the foregoing, it is clear that the historical origins of the Act
envisaged rights to be accorded to natural persons and not corporate bodies,
and that legal rights flowed only from human authorship. In addition, it is
telling that the duration of copyright in subject matter other than works is
merely stated as continuing to subsist until the expiration of 70 (or 50)
years after the expiration of the calendar year in which the
recording/film/broadcast was first published/made. Our views are further
fortified by the recent decision of the Australian Federal Court of Appeal in
_Telstra Corporation Limited v Phone Directories Company Pty Ltd_ [2010] FCAFC
149 (“the Telstra Appeal”), where two members of the quorum stated
unequivocally (at [100] and [134]) that under Australian law an author had to
be a human author.

68 We note that the Judge also relied on the case of _Alteco Chemical Pte Ltd
v Chong Yean Wah (trading as Yamayo Stationery Manufactuer)_ [1999] 2 SLR(R)
915 (“ _Alteco_ ”), to support the proposition that an incorporated body could
be the author of a copyright protected work. In that decision, it appears that
a “modern” interpretation of authorship was created, suggesting that the
author had become the person who made the necessary arrangements and paid for
the creation of the work. A company could therefore be the author of the work
if its employees created the work product.

69 However, the High Court in _Alteco_ did not expressly declare that a
company could be an author of a work, a point acknowledged by the Judge.
Further, the decision in _Alteco_ seemed to have blurred the distinctions
between the concepts of authorship and ownership. In Tan Tee Jim, SC and Ng-
Loy Wee Loon, “Intellectual Property Law” (2000) 1 SAL Ann Rev 230 at 235–237,
251 (“ _Tan and Ng_ ”), the authors observe that the _Alteco_ case failed to
make the distinction between authorship and copyright ownership in s 30 of the
Act. As _Tan and Ng_ rightly point out, in essence what the Court did was to
imply a constructive trust against the author of the work, thereby allowing
the parent company to own the work, and there was no necessity for a “modern”
interpretation of the word “author”.

70 This view has been similarly reiterated in _George Wei_ at pp 1391–1393. He
points out that the Act adequately governs the law on ownership, even for
foreign works which enjoy copyright in Singapore. Additionally, it is observed
that the person who made arrangements for the production of a work, or who
paid for the work – as in the case of _Alteco_ – would not be entitled to
claim to be the author of the work as this did not generally relate to
authorship skills. We agree. _Alteco_ ’s innovative tailoring of the term
“author” ought not to be followed.

71 It must be emphasised that a work created by an employee author has a
limited duration dependent on the life of the employee even if first ownership
vests in the employer. Thus while the law accepts that a person other than the
author may be a first owner, the question of who the author is remains a
distinct and an important one.

72 We therefore reject the Respondent’s argument that an “author” for the
purposes of copyright law can and should extend to corporate entities. It
would clearly be against public policy to allow copyright protection in
perpetuity. This would be the scenario should a company be deemed capable of
being an author for the purpose of copyright. Section 2 of the Interpretation
Act ought not to be incorporated into the rubric of copyright law, and an
“author” must be a natural person in copyright law.

Can a natural author be identified?

73 The identification of an author is still pertinent as s 27 of the Act
provides that in order for copyright to subsist in a work, the work must be
original. As mentioned in [40] above, originality is closely related to the
author. This principle was recently affirmed in _Telstra Corporation Limited
and Another v Phone Directories Company Pty Ltd and Others_ [2010] FCA 44 (“
_Telstra_ ”). Gordon J masterfully condensed the position thus at [20]:

... “originality” under [the Australian Copyright Act 1968] “means that the
creation … of the work required some independent intellectual effort” and/or
the exercise of “sufficient effort of a literary nature”. … [E]ach phrase
confirms that for a work to be sufficiently original for the subsistence of
copyright, “substantial labour” and/or “substantial expense” is not alone
sufficient. More is required. What that more is will, of course, vary from
case to case but _must involve “originality” by an identified author in an
identified work_. [emphasis added]

74 In the _Telstra Appeal_ at [32], Keane CJ heartily affirmed Gordon J’s
_dicta_ :

Authorship and originality are correlatives. The question of whether copyright
subsists is concerned with the particular form of expression of the work. You
must identify authors, and those authors must direct their contribution
(assessed as either an “independent intellectual effort” of a “sufficient
effort of a literary nature”) to the particular form of expression of the
work. _Start with the work. Find its authors_. They must have done something,
howsoever defined, that can be considered original. [emphasis added]

75 We agree with this approach. An author must first be identified before the
work in question can be deemed to be original. In fact, the Respondent’s
counsel acknowledge in the Respondent’s skeletal submissions, that all that is
required for the test for originality is that “the work originates with an
author or joint authors from some independent intellectual effort”. Since the
Respondent is unable to assert that it is the author of the work as a body
corporate, the remaining question at this juncture is whether the Respondent
is even able to identify specific human authors of the Tables. To avoid doubt,
we should add that it is not necessary to name each and every author to make
out a claim for copyright protection but it has to be shown that the work
product in question has been generated from human author(s) working alone or
collaboratively, _ie_ , the existence of such persons must be clearly
established.

76 The Respondent’s witness Phan Tjun Sern (“Phan”) had stated in his
Affidavit of Evidence in Chief (“AEIC”)[note: 2] that _Punters’ Way_ was a
continuing project, developed from ideas and valuable contributions by racing
professionals and readers. However, ideas and contributions put forward by the
readers and horse racing experts would not be protected by the scope of
copyright, as copyright protects the material form of a work, and not the
ideas in the work. Even if the suggestions could be protected, the readers and
horse racing experts were not employees of the Respondent, and
correspondingly, the Respondent would not be able to claim copyright ownership
of the Tables, if any.

77 Further, relying on a passage in _Laddie_ at para 3.94, the Respondent
submits that the definition of a literary work includes a compilation, and the
author of such a work is the person who gathers or organises the collection of
material and who selects, orders and arranges it. The Respondent then contends
that as its employees were the people who gathered, organised, selected,
ordered and arranged the information and data, they were the authors of the
Tables, which was an original work capable of being protected by copyright.

78 However, we hesitate to accept this definition of authors in this
situation. Although the contributions of these individuals may have led to the
compilation of the work, they were not part of the actual process of
compilation. In this context, the _Telstra Appeal_ at [92] is instructive. It
affirmed that where the work of individuals was not collaborative, but was
instead merely organised to facilitate the production of the work, this would
not be collaboration of the kind contemplated by the definition of joint
authorship.

79 Here, the collection of the horse-racing data, such as the horses’ and
jockeys’ names, as well as their track work records, and the organisation and
selection of such data were either computerised, or done by separate people.
However, each individual’s responsibility and contribution (which has not been
particularised) was, based on the evidence before us, insufficient to render
the individual an author, or joint author of the Tables.

80 It certainly cannot be said that a reader who writes in with suggestions
for the improvement of the publication can be considered an “author”. Neither
can the IT employee who entered the names of the horses in a race be
considered an “author” of the compilation. Although it is undeniable that both
contributed to the end product, data aggregation or input is not creativity.

81 Not infrequently, in cases involving a high degree of automation, there
will be no original work produced for the simple reason that there are no
identifiable human authors. This may well be the reason why the Respondent was
unable to identify any particular individual or individuals or a specific
group of people as being the human authors of the Tables. However, whatever
the case may be, it is clear that copyright cannot subsist without a human
author, and the Respondent is unable to even begin to satisfactorily identify
any author, let alone, authors. It remains unclear who was responsible for the
compilations. Even assuming _arguendo_ that the Respondent’s employees had
some authorship role in the compilations, the evidence did not satisfactorily
establish when copyright protection attached.

82 In the circumstances, without the identification of a human author from
whom the work originates, there can be no “original work” capable of copyright
protection. We therefore find that the Respondent’s claim that copyright
subsists in the Tables that were “authored” by it fails.

The statutory presumptions

83 Additionally, the Act contains statutory presumptions designed to assist a
claimant in a copyright action for infringement of copyright. We now examine
these presumptions to determine if they can assist the Respondent’s claim.

84 The Judge found (at [35] of the Judgment) that the presumption under s 131
of the Act applies – where a name purporting to be that of the author of a
literary work appeared on copies of the work as published, then it shall be
presumed unless the contrary is established that the person is the author of
the work. The Judge therefore accepted that the Respondent was the author of
the Tables as its name appeared on _Punters’ Way_ and the onus was on the
Appellant to disprove the Respondent’s authorship.

85 It is pertinent, however, that the Respondent itself acknowledges that s
131 of the Act is not applicable in the present circumstances, as the
Respondent’s name appears only as “Publisher” in _Punters’ Way_ , and not as
the author.

86 The statutory presumption which the Respondent might be entitled to rely on
would be s 132 of the Act, which provides:

**Presumptions in relation to publisher of work**

**132**. Where, in an action brought by virtue of this Part in relation to a
literary, dramatic, musical or artistic work, section 131 does not apply, but
it is established —

(_a_) that the work was first published in Singapore and was so published
during the period of 70 years that ended immediately before the commencement
of the calendar year in which the action was brought; and

(_b_) that a name purporting to be that of the publisher appeared on copies of
the work as first published,

then, unless the contrary is established, copyright shall be presumed to
subsist in the work and the person whose name so appeared shall be presumed to
have been the owner of that copyright at the time of the publication.

As the Respondent is identified as the publisher in _Punters’ Way_ , the
Respondent contends that copyright subsists in the Tables, and the Respondent
would be presumed to be the owner.

87 Section 128 of the Australian Copyright Act 1968 is _in pari materia_ with
s 132 of the Act, and this issue was comprehensively dealt with in _Telstra_.
We agree fully with Gordon J’s analysis on s 128 of the Australian Copyright
Act 1968 (equivalent to s 132 of the Act) at [37]:

**_In my view, the Applicants’ reliance upon ss 128 and 129 is misplaced. Each
section reinforces the importance of identifying the author or authors of the
work in suit_**. In understanding the operation of the presumptions it is
important to note the distinction between identifying _an_ author or authors
of the original work and _the identity of the_ author or authors of the
original work. Lest it be overstated, the [Australian Copyright Act 1968]
fixes on the author or authors ... . **_If an author or authors (within the
meaning of the [Australian Copyright Act 1968]) cannot be identified_** _at
all_** _, in contradistinction to a situation where the author’s or authors’
exact identity cannot be identified, copyright cannot subsist. On a reading of
ss 128 and 129, it is the latter situation to which the [Australian Copyright
Act 1968] is directed_**. [emphasis in original in italics; emphasis added in
bold italics]

88 The Respondent also relies on the case of _Waterlow Publishers Ltd v Rose_
[1995] FSR 207 (“ _Waterlow_ ”), which referred to the presumption in s 20(4)
of the UK Copyright Act 1956 (4 & 5 Eliz 2 Ch 74), which is similar to s 132
of the Act. In Waterlow, the fact that the publisher’s name appeared on the
copies of the work was enough to justify a finding that the presumption
applied, in accordance with the intention of s 20(4). Even though there were
no identifiable authors, copyright was held to nonetheless subsist in the
relevant work, with the publisher being the owner of the copyright.

89 However, cases which have relied on the equivalent of the s 132
presumption, such as _Waterlow_ and _Microsoft Corporation v DHD Distribution
Pty Ltd (t/as Austin Computers)_ (1999) 45 IPR 459, did not deal with the
scenario where the very fact of authorship took centre stage. Further, the
presumption was also not decisive in the dispute and it was not argued in
those cases that an author could not be identified at all. These cases are
therefore of limited assistance here. We also note that _Waterlow_ appears to
be an _ex tempore_ decision. This is another reason why undue deference should
not be accorded to it.

90 _Laddie_ at para 3.94 states that where no name purporting to be that of
the author appears on the work as first published, but that of the publisher
appears, there is potentially available under s 104(4) of the 1988 UK Act a
presumption that the named person was the owner of the copyright at the time
of publication. However, Gordon J in _Telstra_ (at [39]) thought that at its
highest, this passage merely suggests that it may be necessary in particular
instances to rely upon the statutory presumptions. Further, these presumptions
have little or no role to play where the question of subsistence of copyright
in each of the works is the central issue between the parties.

91 Pertinently, it has also been observed in _Laddie_ at para 39.85:

All that the presumption does is to compel the court to reach the appropriate
conclusion in the absence of evidence to the contrary. If the opponent does
offer evidence in rebuttal (sufficient to satisfy the legal requirement of
_some_ evidence) the presumption disappears, and the case is in the court’s
hands free from any rule. [emphasis in original]

As authorship is in dispute in the present case and the Appellant has adduced
evidence that copyright does not subsist in the Tables since there is no
author, the s 132 statutory presumption has been displaced.

92 We round up our analysis of this issue by emphasising that it is settled
practice that the necessary elements of authorship, ownership, validity and
subsistence must be adequately pleaded for cases involving copyright
infringement: see _Bullen & Leake & Jacob’s Precedents of Pleadings_ vol 2
(Lord Brennan and William Blair gen eds) (Sweet & Maxwell, 14th Ed, 2001) at
para 66-Q1. The Respondent has found itself in a quandary having pleaded that
the company is the author of the Tables and having maintained this stance
throughout the High Court proceedings. Had the Respondent merely pleaded to be
the owner of the copyright, as the presumed owner of the copyright assigned to
it by its employees, the Respondent would still have had the _locus standi_ to
maintain a claim of infringement against the Appellant. The Respondent tried
to salvage its case by initially submitting to this Court that the Respondent
is both the author _and_ owner of the Tables. However, in the course of the
hearing of this appeal, the Respondent abruptly changed tack and submitted
that it was primarily arguing its case on the basis of ownership; and
_alternatively_ , authorship.

93 Regrettably, such a course was no longer open to the Respondent on the
basis of its pleaded case and the conduct of the proceedings below. It had
unequivocally nailed its colours to the mast and the Appellant had contested
the case on that basis. The Respondent cannot now rely on an alternative claim
of ownership which was neither pleaded nor advanced in the proceedings below.

Summary of the First Issue

94 In summary, the concept of authorship is integral to copyright, and no such
protection can be accorded without an author from which an original work
emanates, and from which the legal rights flow. We can do no better than to
reiterate the views of Gordon J in _Telstra_ at [35]:

[A]uthorship is central to the determination of whether copyright subsists. To
suggest that copyright does not require the identification of authors where a
work is sufficiently original ... puts the cart before the horse. It ignores
the fact that it is the original work of an author or authors who contribute
to the particular form of expression of the work and reduce the work to a
material form that is the act giving rise to the statutory protection of
copyright.

95 As the Respondent could not identify a human author or authors and we find
that an incorporated body cannot be an author of a copyrighted work; we reject
the Respondent’s assertion that it was entitled to copyright protection _qua_
author. Accordingly, we do not find that copyright subsists in the Tables.

The Second Issue: If the Respondent is entitled to copyright protection, has
the Appellant infringed its rights?

96 As we disagreed with the Judge that the Respondent is entitled to copyright
protection, it is, strictly speaking, unnecessary for us to delve into the
issue of copyright infringement at all. However, out of deference to counsel,
who have made extensive submissions on this issue, we shall briefly give our
views on this as well.

97 To start with, it is common ground that the information in the Tables is
freely available in the public domain. The Respondent acknowledges that the
information is “mostly, if not all, provided in raw form by the related Turf
Club. Publishers usually obtain these data from the Turf Club”[note: 3].

98 The Judge found that the Respondent had organised the information that was
to be included in _Punters’ Way_ ; set up tables of the information and
decided how best the tables should be presented in a reader-friendly manner;
studied, experimented and compiled the information to be placed in _Punters’
Way_ ; and constructed the tables found in _Punters’ Way_. The Judge noted (at
[40] of the Judgment) that the threshold for originality was not set at an
exceedingly high level. She also found that there was sufficient skill and
labour applied to the Tables, and agreed with the Respondent that there was
originality in terms of the selection, arrangement and presentation of the
information in the Tables: see [41]–[43] of the Judgment.

99 More specifically, the Judge eventually (at [41] of the Judgment) held that
the transformation of such “intangible and unexpressed ideas given by
different personnel ... into the manifested forms as shown in the publications
naturally gave rise to an inference that some effort and labour had been
involved”.

100 We agree with the Judge in so far as she held that the Respondent’s
copyright claim cannot be in the information or data itself, as this is freely
available in the public domain. Copyright, if any, would only exist in the
selection, arrangement and presentation of the information. It is trite that
there cannot be a monopoly in facts or information, but only in the way of
presenting or expressing them and it is always a question of fact whether the
skill and labour involved in the presentation or expression justifies the
incidence of copyright: see [33]–[37] above.

101 We also agree with the Judge that the threshold for originality is
traditionally low: see [36] and [38] above. In _University Tutorial Press_ at
608–609, Peterson J summarised the meaning of originality in the following
classical passage:

The word “original” does not in this connection mean that the work must be the
expression of original or inventive thought. Copyright Acts are not concerned
with the originality of ideas, but with the expression of thought, and, in the
case of “literary work”, with the expression of thought in print or writing.
The originality which is required relates to the expression of the thought.
But the Act does not require that the expression must be in an original or
novel form, but that the work must not be copied from another work—that it
should originate from the author.

102 The threshold of originality in compilations has also been helpfully
summed up in _Ricketson_ at para 7.60:

[S]omething more is required by way of original authorial contribution than
simply the act of giving material expression to something. ... [This poses
problems] where the work is of a factual or informational kind, and the
author’s contribution consists of an ordering, arrangement or summarising of
that information. ... In such a case, ... the requirement of “originality”
assumes a heightened importance … . It is only the author’s presentation of
the data that is protected, and this must display or reflect the application
of some identifiable element of skill and labour on the part of the author.
The final work therefore must be more than a bare recital of facts or figures.

103 In the present situation, while the Tables published in _Punters’ Way_
contain information extracted from the Turf Club, the Respondent had not
merely reprinted the horse-racing data wholesale or in alphabetical order, but
had selected information it thought relevant and arranged it in a manner that
was thought to be most conducive for readers.

104 We find in this context the approach adopted in _Interfirm Comparison
(Australia) Pty Ltd v Law Society (NSW)_ [1977] RPC 137 instructive. In that
case, Bowen CJ held that despite the fact that the work exhibited little
material that could be regarded as having much novelty or originality in the
ordinary sense of that term, it was specifically drawn for a particular
profession and for a particular purpose and, although it used much old and
publicly-known material, it presented it in a new form as the work of the
author. Similarly, despite the fact that the material used in the Tables was
easily accessible to all, the information was _presented_ in a distinct form
which would attract copyright protection.

105 We therefore accept that the Tables in _Punters’ Way_ had a “quality of
character not possessed by the raw material”: see _Fortuity Pty Ltd v Barcza_
(1995) 32 IPR 517. This is evident as the raw information provided by the Turf
Club is distinct from what was eventually published in _Punters’ Way_ which
was more comprehensible.

Was there a causal connection?

106 The Judge found (at [45] of the Judgment) that as the Appellant’s managing
director and sole witness, Levar Steven Michael (“Levar”), was employed by the
Respondent, he had access to the Tables. However we pause to note that the
Judge incorrectly found Levar to have been previously employed by the
Respondent. In actual fact, Levar had set up his own consultancy services to
race clubs and to those who transact in the sale and purchase of horses. He
had done this consultancy work for the Respondent in June 2006\. Additionally,
although he was also the horse-racing expert on the Respondent’s website,
<http://www.winner21.com>, for around six months, he was never an employee of
the Respondent.

107 Nevertheless this distinction is merely technical, as Levar’s connection
with the Respondent was immaterial since _Punters’ Way_ , as well as the raw
data were freely available in the public domain and Levar could easily have
access to _Punters’ Way_. As long as there is substantial similarity between
the Appellant’s and Respondent’s work, and it can be shown that the Appellant
had access to the Respondent’s work, this will give rise to a _prima facie_
inference of copying by the Respondent. But it must be remembered that this is
not just a quantitative assessment, it is essentially a qualitative test.

108 It is established that so long as a causal connection can be established
between the two works, it is not consequential if the copying is direct or
indirect. It is clear in this situation that Levar, or any of the Appellant’s
employees could easily purchase a copy of _Punters’ Way_ and adopt its
presentation in subsequent publications of _Racing Guide_.

109 It is also apparent that over time, _Racing Guide_ publications morphed
and began to appear somewhat similar to _Punters’ Way_. While there used to be
an additional “Selections” feature between Table 1 (Race Card) and Table 2
(Results Panel) of _Racing Guide_ , this was subsequently altered such that
this feature was incorporated into Table 2, resulting in identical sequential
arrangements of the Tables in both publications. Additionally, the Appellant
had included a “J-1-2-3” feature in Table 1 (Race Card) of _Racing Guide_ ,
which mimicked the “R-1-2-3” feature in _Punters’ Way_. These were only added
after Levar had joined the Appellant as managing director in 2007. Further,
the column for the total runs of the horses was not featured in _Racing Guide_
prior to Levar’s taking over the helm of the Appellant.

110 From the above, it is apparent that the Tables in _Racing Guide_ were
derived from the Tables in _Punters’ Way_.

Was a substantial part of the work copied?

111 We agree with the Judge that the Tables in _Racing Guide_ were arranged in
a sequence that was exactly the same as that found in _Punters’ Way_. However,
although the Judge had found that there was copying and infringement of the
Tables in _Punters’ Way_ by _Racing Guide_ from June 2007–June 2008, no copies
of the _Punters’ Way_ editions from June 2007–December 2007 were exhibited. In
fact, the earliest copy we have for comparison would be the January 2008
issue. Thus, no finding of copying ought to have been made for the months of
June 2007–December 2007.

112 On a comparison of the January 2008 issues of both publications, we agree
with the Judge that the eight columns of Table 1 (Race Card) found in _Racing
Guide_ were arranged in substantially the same sequence as that in _Punters’
Way_. There was only a slight difference in that the last two columns of Table
1 were interchanged. In addition, Table 2 (Results Panel) was substantially
similar in that both publications included the exact sequence of the top four
horses, followed by the “time” column, with a dollar sign found in each
column. Further, both Tables 3 (Track Work) and 4 (Results of Past
Performances) were sequentially identical.

113 We also agree with the Judge that the existence of dissimilarities did not
necessarily mean that there was no copying. The dissimilarities between
_Racing Guide_ and _Punters’ Way_ were either _de minimis_ or merely cosmetic.
In essence, looking at the manner of presentation and compilation of the
horse-racing information as a whole, the Tables in _Racing Guide_ incorporated
a substantial part of the Tables found in _Punters’ Way_ even with the minor
additions in _Racing Guide_ : see the Judgment at [58]. We do not find it
necessary to depart from the Judge’s finding that, _prima facie_ , a
substantial part of the Tables had been copied and that this had not been
rebutted by the Appellant.

114 Nonetheless this finding of copying by the Appellant is now moot as we
have pointed out above that no copyright subsisted in the work. It follows,
therefore, that there was no infringement of the Respondent’s copyright by the
Appellant.

The Third Issue: Has the Respondent established the constituent elements for a
passing off action?

115 Apart from pursuing a claim for copyright infringement, the Respondent
also claimed that the Appellant had committed the tort of passing off by
copying the get-up of _Punters’ Way_ , which includes the colour code of the
front covers, the picture of forward-facing racehorses and the advertisement
panel across the bottom of the cover. The Respondent claimed that goodwill
existed in the get-up of _Punters’ Way_ as it had been selling copies since
1977, and the colour code had been in place since 1993. Consequently, the
Respondent alleged misrepresentation by the Appellant in adopting a remarkably
similar colour coding and using a similar picture featuring forward-facing
racehorses on the cover of _Racing Guide_. The Respondent also alleged that it
had suffered damage as a result of the passing off.

116 _Novelty Pte Ltd v Amanresorts Ltd and another_ [2009] 3 SLR(R) 216 (“
_Amanresorts”_) affirmed (at [37]) that the “classical trinity” of goodwill,
misrepresentation and damage must be established by the party seeking to claim
passing off before an action can succeed. We now proceed to examine whether
each of these elements have been satisfied by the Respondent in the present
case.

Goodwill

117 The Respondent is required to establish that it had acquired goodwill at
the relevant date, which is the date on which the conduct of the Appellant
that the Respondent complained of started. The classic definition of goodwill
may be derived from _The Commissioners of Inland Revenue v Muller & Co.’s
Margarine, Limited_ [1901] AC 217 at 223–224, which held that goodwill “is the
benefit and advantage of the good name, reputation, and connection of a
business”.

118 In the present circumstances, the Respondent claimed goodwill in: (a) the
colour code for the different race days over a weekend; (b) the picture of
forward-facing racehorses; and (c) the advertisement panel across the bottom
of the cover. According to the Respondent, the colour code has been in use by
_Punters’ Way_ since 1993 in order to allow punters and readers to easily
identify the particular race day they were interested in by the colour of the
book. In addition, the Respondent alleges that since 1977, _Punters’ Way_ has
been selling an average of 31,000 copies weekly.

119 Whether a get-up has acquired the necessary distinctiveness is a question
of fact. Here, the Respondent has been publishing _Punters’ Way_ for around 30
years, since 1977\. It has also been shown in a market survey done by Nielsen
Company in March 2007[note: 4], that overall the Respondent enjoyed 80% of the
market share in the horse-racing industry in Singapore[note: 5]. In addition,
Levar acknowledged “that _Punters’ Way_ was the market leader in Singapore at
various stages in its history”[note: 6]. With the Appellant’s own witness
acknowledging the dominant presence of the Respondent’s products in the horse-
racing market, it ought to be accepted that there is indeed a business within
the jurisdiction of Singapore in which goodwill can attach.

120 We agree with the Judge that the Respondent had built up considerable
goodwill in the business and overall get-up of _Punters’ Way_ as _Punters’
Way_ had adopted the unique colour-coding since 1993, had been sold in a
substantial number of stores and newsstands in Singapore, and had been
advertised with considerable effort: at [73] of the Judgment. We therefore
find that goodwill is attached to the particular get-up of _Punters’ Way_.

Misrepresentation

121 The Respondent is also required to show that:

(a) the Appellant has made a misrepresentation to the relevant sector of the
public; and

(b) such misrepresentation has resulted in or is likely to result in damage to
the Respondent’s goodwill.

122 As noted by this court in _Amanresorts_ at [69], the elements of
misrepresentation and damage are very closely linked, and it is crucial to
appreciate that both the misrepresentation and the damage must relate to the
Respondent’s goodwill. A misrepresentation is actionable as a tort of passing
off only if it causes (or is likely to cause) damage to the Respondent’s
goodwill.

123 The essential question is whether the Appellant has made a false
representation that led to deception or confusion amongst the relevant sector
of the public. The relevant sector of the public would, in this situation,
clearly be punters, and people with a keen interest in the horse races. In the
case of a claim of adoption of get-up, the real question is whether the get-up
adopted by the offending party is sufficiently similar to that of the
plaintiff as to give rise to confusion. In proving misrepresentation, it has
been previously established in _Tong Guan Food Products Pte Ltd v Hoe Huat Hng
Foodstuff Pte Ltd_ [1991] 1 SLR(R) 903 (“ _Tong Guan_ ”) at [24] that the
court is not concerned with the “moron in a hurry” being confused. Rather, the
test that is to be applied is whether ordinary sensible members of the public
would be confused. It is sufficient that a substantial proportion of persons
who are probably purchasers of the goods of the kind in question would in fact
be confused.

124 The Judge found that on a perusal of the cover pages of _Racing Guide_ and
_Punters’ Way_ , there was a compelling case that the Appellant had
consciously and deliberately made changes to the cover of _Racing Guide_ to
misrepresent _Racing Guide_ as _Punters’ Way_ : at [76] of the Judgment. This
was especially so since the same colours for the covers were used for the same
specific function as those devised by the Respondent. Further, the Judge found
that the Appellant had changed the position of its advertisement panel such
that it was similar to the Respondent’s publication and that there was also
striking similarity between the Chinese titles for both publications. The
Judge made her observations on the similarities between the two publications
without regard to the market survey done by the Respondent’s expert witness
Greg Coops (“Coops”) but nevertheless found that Coops’ evidence only served
to reinforce her findings: at [77]–[79] of the Judgment.

125 However, we find that little reliance ought to be placed on the market
survey due to the lack of objectivity in the way the survey was conducted. The
survey included the comparison of issues of _Punters’ Way_ and _Racing Guide_
which were published on different days – 19 October 2008 for _Punters’ Way_
and 27 April 2008 for _Racing Guide_. The two issues appear to have been
deliberately chosen as they were most similar in their get-up – including the
colour of the cover page, and the pictures of the horses. The survey was
therefore conducted by approximating the two issues which were most similar.
However, the stubborn fact remains that these two issues were not published on
the same day. Such a comparison would not be a fair test.

126 Additionally, the survey was conducted with the masthead removed. The
masthead accounts for one-third of the magazine and would be a key
distinguishing feature for punters seeking to purchase a particular magazine.
The target survey audience were also questioned as to whether they could
identify the magazines without the name and title of the magazines. This would
not be a fair comparison.

127 Further, one of the questions asked in the survey was “how likely would it
be for you to confuse these two magazines if you were in a hurry and you were
selecting one of them?”[note: 7]. This question would lead to an inaccurate
finding of misrepresentation to the public as it approximates the “moron in a
hurry” test. Therefore, we disagree with the Judge that the survey conducted
by Coops was appropriate and representative of the public’s view.

128 With respect, we also find that the scenario described by the Judge, that
race-goers who were “less educated or who were late and/or were in a hurry to
get into the grounds of the race track” (at [87] of the Judgment) would be
confused and would buy a racing guide thinking it was _Punters’ Way_ when it
was actually _Racing Guide_ , was flawed, as this similarly approximated the
“moron in a hurry” test.

129 The correct test that should be applied is that of the imperfect
recollection test – not to compare both publications side by side, but to take
into account the fact that the “confusion which may occur will take place when
the customer has in his mind his recollection of the plaintiff’s mark, which
may well be only an idea of the whole or actual mark”: see _Tong Guan_ at
[26].

130 It appears unlikely to us, in the absence of cogent evidence, that the
punting audience to which both publications are targeted are undiscerning.
They would know precisely which publication they wanted to purchase and would
ask for either _Punters’ Way_ or _Racing Guide_ , two very dissimilar names,
when purchasing the magazine. The assumption that customers purchase the
magazines on the basis of colour has not been proved by the Respondent, and
may in fact not be true. The colour-coding may have been irrelevant to the
customers and, if so, there would be no misrepresentation. It was also
unpersuasive that the picture of forward-facing racehorses on the front cover
was misleading as every horse-racing guide would logically feature horses on
its cover page. The Respondent cannot be said to have a monopoly over pictures
of commonplace horses or even forward-facing racehorses. Additionally, the
titles of the publications are prominently displayed on the magazines. We are
of the opinion that the large mastheads are significant distinguishing factors
and as such, there would be no confusion caused to the public.

131 In the case of _Tong Guan_ , illiteracy was seen as “an evaporating
consideration” (at [30]) in Singapore by 1991, and the court took the view
that a purchaser would use ordinary care to read (whether in English or
Chinese) the brand names of the products in order to distinguish between two
different brands. In the present circumstances, it can be said that the
problem of illiteracy is even more removed than it was in 1991. Furthermore,
punters and race-goers are likely to be a circumspect and discerning audience.
As in _Tong Guan_ , where the court held that the brands “Tong Guan” and “Deer
Brand” were sufficiently distinguishable, it can also be similarly argued that
“ _Punters’ Way_ ” and “Racing Guide” are phonetically and visually different
and thus a customer using ordinary care would not be confused.

132 We therefore disagree with the Judge and find that no misrepresentation
leading to confusion of the public has been proven by the Respondent on the
present facts. The cover pages of the two magazines are sufficiently distinct
and are not likely to be confused by the relevant sector of the public.

Damage

133 Even if the Appellant could be shown to have misrepresented _Racing Guide_
as _Punters’ Way_ , thereby causing confusion between the Respondent’s racing
guide and that of the Appellant, such misrepresentation is not in itself
actionable unless it has caused, or is likely to cause, damage to the
Respondent’s goodwill.

134 The Respondent claimed the net loss of profits that it suffered from 30
June 2007 to 5 June 2008, as well as continuing damages and loss from 5 June
2008 to the date of filing of the Statement of Claim for the Respondent’s
continued infringement. The Respondent also sought the costs incurred in
conducting market surveys to verify the extent of the damage caused, as well
as an injunction to restrain the Appellant from infringing the Respondent’s
copyright. However, the Respondent only invited the court to infer damage or
the likelihood of damage that had been suffered by the Respondent as a result
of the misrepresentation by the Appellant. The Respondent did not lead any
evidence on a loss of sales, or a decline in the growth of sales of _Punters’
Way_.

135 The Judge found (at [82] of the Judgment) that where parties are in direct
competition with one another, the court will readily infer the likelihood of
damage to the Respondent’s goodwill, not merely through the loss of sales, but
also through the loss of the exclusive use of his get-up.

136 We do not agree that the test for damages has been correctly applied by
the Judge on the established facts. While it is accepted that the common test
applied in proving damage is “actual damage or a real likelihood of damage”,
it must be noted that the period of infringement alleged by the Respondent was
a limited one – from 30 June 2007 to 5 June 2008. This was not a situation
where the infringement by the Appellant was ongoing or impending and therefore
unquantifiable. In actual fact, the infringement period had long since ended.
The Respondent ought therefore to have been able to prove a decline in sales
of _Punters’ Way_ , or a reduced growth in sales of _Punters’ Way_ , if this
had indeed taken place. In such a situation, the right test that should be
applied would be that of “actual damage” and not “likelihood of damage”.

137 _Prima facie_ proof of damage is essential in the present situation in
establishing the Appellant’s liability. However, the Respondent had failed to
lead any evidence on the damage that it had suffered to its goodwill from the
Appellant’s alleged misrepresentation of _Punters’ Way_. The Respondent had
merely relied on a “logical” inference that as the Appellant and the
Respondent’s publications were in a common field of activity, it would
therefore not be far-fetched to conclude that the Respondent had suffered
losses.

138 The Respondent had submitted at the hearing of the appeal, that because
the trial had been bifurcated, no evidence of damages was led at trial. The
application for bifurcation had in fact been taken out by the Appellant and it
was heard on 9 November 2009 before an assistant registrar. During the
bifurcation hearing, the Appellant’s counsel had argued that the trial should
be bifurcated as all that the Respondent was required to prove was a
likelihood of damage and not the quantum of the damage. The assistant
registrar subsequently allowed a bifurcation of the trial.

139 In these circumstances, since the Appellant’s counsel himself was of the
opinion that a likelihood of damage was all that was required to prove the
tort of passing off, we do not find it just to penalise the Respondent for not
leading evidence of actual damages at the trial. However we reiterate that,
ideally, the test for damages in situations where the period of infringement
had passed should be proof of actual damage and nothing short of that.

Our conclusion on the passing off claim

140 We therefore respectfully disagree with the Judge, and conclude that the
element of misrepresentation in the tort of passing off has not been
successfully proven by the Respondent and therefore the claim of passing off
cannot succeed.

Consequential relief

141 The Appellant, in the court below, counterclaimed against the Respondent
under s 200(1) of the Act for making groundless threats of legal proceedings.
Section 200(1) of the Act provides that where a person threatens another
person with a copyright infringement action, the latter may bring an action
against the former for, _inter alia_ , a declaration that the threat is
unjustifiable, unless the former satisfies the court that the alleged
infringing acts “constituted, or if done, would constitute, an infringement of
copyright”. The full text of s 200(1) reads as follows:

**Groundless threats of legal proceedings**

**200**. —(1) Where a person, by means of circulars, advertisements or
otherwise, threatens a person with an action or proceeding in respect of an
infringement of copyright, then, whether the person making the threats is or
is not the owner of the copyright or an exclusive licensee, a person aggrieved
may bring an action against the first-mentioned person and may —

(_a_) obtain a declaration to the effect that the threats are unjustifiable;

(_b_) obtain an injunction against the continuance of the threats; and

(_c_) recover such damages, if any, as he has sustained,

unless the first-mentioned person satisfies the court that the acts in respect
of which the action or proceeding was threatened constituted, or, if done,
would constitute, an infringement of copyright.

142 Having regard to our findings that copyright did not subsist in the Tables
in _Punters’ Way_ , and that the Appellant therefore could not have infringed
any copyright of the Respondent’s, it must follow that the Respondent has made
groundless threats against the Appellant for the purposes of s 200(1) of the
Act.

Conclusion

143 In the result, we find that the Respondent’s threats to bring an action
for copyright infringement against the Appellant are unjustifiable. The
Respondent’s claim for the tort of passing off is similarly untenable.
Accordingly, the present appeal against the Judge’s decision is allowed. The
injunction granted by the Judge to restrain the Appellant from infringing the
Respondent’s copyright in its publications of _Punters’ Way_ is discharged.
The Appellant is entitled to damages against the Respondent for groundlessly
threatening the Appellant with copyright infringement under s 200(1) of the
Act (which shall be assessed by an assistant registrar), and an injunction
restraining the Respondent from making further threats against the Appellant
in respect of the subject matter of these proceedings. Because the Appellant
has not succeeded in several of its arguments (here and below) we invite the
parties to make written submissions on the appropriate costs order we should
make for the entire proceedings. The parties have seven days from the date of
this judgment to make these submissions.

* * *

[note: 1]Appellant’s Case, para 23.

[note: 2]AEIC of Phan Tjun Sern, Record Of Appeal, Vol III Part C, p 997.

[note: 3]AEIC of Subramani Krishnamoothy, Record of Appeal Vol III Part D, p
1228, para 33.

[note: 4]Record of Appeal Vol III Part C, p 1085.

[note: 5]Ibid, 1004.

[note: 6]Core Bundle Vol II Part A, p 94.

[note: 7]Core Bundle Vol II Part A, p 416.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 27 Jul 2011 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

