Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Ascorp Technology Pte Ltd _v_ Chew Youn Chong and another (Ryan Patrick
Joseph, third party)  
[2011] SGHC 118

Case Number| :| Suit No 699 of 2006  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 12 May 2011  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Chan Seng Onn J  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Godwin Gilbert Campos (Godwin Campos LLC) for the
plaintiff and third party; Andrew J Hanam (Andrew LLC) for the first and
second defendant.  
Parties| :|  Ascorp Technology Pte Ltd — Chew Youn Chong and another (Ryan
Patrick Joseph, third party)  
  
12 May 2011| Judgment reserved.  
---|---  
  
Chan Seng Onn J:

Background

1 The plaintiff, Ascorp Technology Pte Ltd (“Ascorp”), is a Singapore company
with a paid up capital comprising 80,000 shares. The third party, Patrick
Joseph Ryan (“PJR”), and his wife, Ng Seok Lay (“NSL”), are directors and
shareholders of Ascorp. At all material times, NSL was PJR’s nominee. She did
not take an active role or participate in decisions involving Ascorp or its
business.

2 In 2002, Ascorp’s business mainly revolved around the supply of MQ64L
contactors (“MQ64L cartridges”) to its predominant customer, Infineon
Technologies Pte Ltd (“Infineon”). Infineon mounted these MQ64L cartridges on
its test machines to test its MQ64L integrated circuit chips (“MQ64L chips”).
The 64 socket pins (“pins”) within each MQ64L cartridge had to make good
electrical contact with the corresponding 64 leads of each MQ64L chip to
establish the necessary electrical connections before the chip could be
tested. Accordingly, the pins within each cartridge had to be robust enough to
withstand several hundred thousand cycles of insertion and removal of leads
without damage during the testing of these chips. Ascorp had developed the
MQ64L cartridges in cooperation with Infineon. However, as Ascorp was
experiencing difficulties in getting the MQ64L cartridges to fully meet
Infineon’s requirements, PJR brought on board the first defendant, Chew Youn
Chong (“CYC”), to work on improving the device. CYC had technical experience
in contactor technology.

3 As a result of discussions between parties, a Shareholders Agreement was
entered into on 8 April 2003 between PJR and CYC (“Shareholders Agreement”).
Pursuant to clause 1, shareholding in Ascorp was initially structured as
follows:

(a)

PJR : 74.99%

(b)

NSL : 0.01%

(c)

CYC : 25%

However, on 3 February 2005 and 13 July 2005 respectively, CYC exercised
purchase options granted to him by virtue of clause 8 of the Shareholders
Agreement. As a result, the shareholding in Ascorp was adjusted to:

(a)

PJR : 49.99%

(b)

NSL : 0.01%

(c)

CYC : 50.00%

The Shareholders Agreement also provided that the Board of Directors (“the
Board”) would comprise the said three shareholders (cl 4), that CYC would be
appointed Managing Director (cl 4.4), and that CYC would be paid a monthly
salary (cl 4.5). As Managing Director, CYC was “responsible for implementing
on a day to day basis the policies formulated by the [Board] and within such
framework he [had] free and unfettered discretion” (cl 4.4(a)). The Board,
which had to convene at least twice a year (cl 4.7.(a)), retained “the right
to appoint and/or remove the Managing Director” (cl 4.4(b)).

Early sources of discord

Infineon’s forecasts and orders

4 The relationship between CYC and PJR was initially rosy. However, it later
deteriorated over a series of incidents, one of which involved Infineon’s
forecasted usage of Ascorp’s MQ64L cartridges.

5 On 15 October 2004, Infineon forecasted to Ascorp that it would order at
least 2 sets of MQ64L cartridges per month for 2005\. Taking into account that
forecast, CYC computed Ascorp’s projected profits for 2005 to be at least
$12,000, on the basis that at least 18 MQ64L cartridges would be sold. These
figures were presented to PJR at an Accounts and Business Review Meeting held
on 22 November 2004 (“the 22 November 2004 meeting”). Against the backdrop of
these projected profits, a revision of CYC’s remuneration was also considered.
PJR agreed, and accordingly, the Board resolved to pay CYC 30% of Ascorp’s net
profits for 2005.

6 Later, on 22 December 2004, Infineon revised its forecast in an email to two
sets a week, _ie_ 104 sets per year. On 1 January 2005, CYC also entered into
a Consignment Stock Agreement with Infineon on behalf of Ascorp, pursuant to
which the latter was obliged to deliver, _inter alia_ , contractor cartridges
to Infineon’s Parts Procurement Center within two days of being giving notice
each time (cl 4). This agreement was renewed on 21 October 2005.

7 By 31 March 2005, Ascorp had sold Infineon 19 sets of MQ64L cartridges. It
was likely that sales for 2005 would far exceed the figures projected at the
22 November 2004 meeting. PJR became unhappy that the Board’s resolution to
pay CYC 30% of Ascorp’s net profits had been based on inaccurate projections.

CYC’s signing of multiple cheques

8 Another source of unhappiness between parties was CYC’s issuing of multiple
cheques, each not exceeding $5,000:

(a) On 30 June 2005, CYC signed six cheques to himself as payment of his
salary and allowances totalling $28,320.

(b) CYC issued three cheques for $5000 (20 July 2005), $5,000 (30 July 2005)
and $2,480 (4 August 2005) respectively, in relation to a single invoice
issued for renovation works carried out by a company known as Ruxing
Renovations Company.

(c) On 8 November 2005, CYC signed 5 cheques to himself totalling $19,170.

9 PJR took the view that such actions violated the spirit, if not the letter,
of the Shareholders Agreement, which provided:

**5**. **_Matters Requiring Consent of Both Parties_**

The parties shall exercise such powers as may be within their control in
relation to the Company to ensure that, save with the prior unanimous approval
of the parties in writing or at a general meeting, the Company or BOARD shall
not do any of the following actions –

…

(e)give any guarantee or indemnity or create any other form of contingent
liability for any amount exceeding $5,000,

(f)sell, transfer, lease, assign or otherwise dispose of its undertaking
property (movable or immovable) and/or assets of the company (or any interest
therein) or contract to do so for any amount exceeding $5,000,

(g)enter into any contract, arrangement or commitment involving expenditure on
capital account exceeding $5,000 or the realisation of capital assets
exceeding $5,000,

(h)acquire, purchase or subscribe for any shares, debentures, mortgages or
securities (or any interest therein) in any company, trust or body for any
amount exceeding $5,000

…

**6**. **_BANK FACILITIES AND CHEQUE SIGNATORIES_**

…

6.2 The bank accounts of the Company shall be jointly operated by PJR and CYC
or in such other manner as the BOARD may decide.

Lack of visibility of accounts

10 On 4 October 2005, PJR emailed CYC asking to be advised of the monthly net
profit from January to June 2005. CYC refused to provide those records. His
email response on the same day stated:

The net profit from each month are clearly stated from Ascorp monthly account
balance sheet, [sic] It’s my responsibility on managing it and also part of my
duty to kept it confidentially [sic] until the year end account closing.

Understand that there was no previous discussion or agreed [sic] from me you
need to be alert or reported on the monthly account activities. therefore
[sic], I think you should not ask for visibility unless I think you need to be
updated, for this case, Definitely [sic] you will be showed when you come.

Following a meeting on 8 October 2005 when CYC and PJR met so that the latter
could countersign cheques for CYC’s allowance for April to June 2005, some
records were however disclosed by CYC to PJR on the figures of Ascorp’s sales
and monthly net profits from January to June 2005.

18 November 2005 meeting

11 Given the mounting tensions, a meeting was arranged between CYC and PJR at
Raffles Town Club on 18 November 2005. No official minutes were taken,
although on 6 December 2005, PJR sent CYC an email purportedly setting out
what happened during that meeting. On the evidence of CYC and PJR, it was
clear that both parties expressed unhappiness with each other at that meeting.
PJR indicated that he wished to draw director’s fees from Ascorp. CYC was not
agreeable. PJR also indicated that he wanted to replace CYC as Managing
Director. For his part, CYC suggested buying out all the shares held by PJR
and NSL for $40,000. CYC also wanted the Shareholders Agreement to be amended
to allow for a single signatory for sums of more than $5,000. These were not
agreed to either.

Removal of CYC as Managing Director

12 Matters between CYC and PJR did not improve. On 21 November 2005, CYC
emailed PJR suggesting a “share purchase option or winding up [Ascorp]”. By 27
December 2005, CYC had engaged legal representation and through his solicitors
informed PJR and NSL that in light of the circumstances, “the most equitable
solution is to wind up [Ascorp]”. At a Board meeting held on 28 December 2005,
CYC’s suggestion of winding up Ascorp and the question whether CYC would
continue to work for Ascorp were discussed but no satisfactory conclusion was
reached.

13 Following more correspondence from CYC’s solicitors and an aborted attempt
to convene an EGM, PJR sent out a notice on 28 January 2006 calling for a
Board meeting. This meeting was held on 13 February 2006. CYC refused to
attend. When PJR and NSL arrived at Ascorp’s premises, they found the office
locked and no one was present. Unknown to them, their three staff had all
resigned. This will be further discussed below. The meeting had to take place
in the corridor of the office. However, as the required quorum of two
directors was fulfilled by the presence of PJR and NSL, the Board went ahead
to pass the resolution that CYC be removed as the Managing Director of Ascorp.

Problems surfacing after CYC’s removal

14 Even after the removal of CYC as Managing Director, problems continued to
surface.

Staff resignation

15 Unknown to PJR and NSL, on 26 January 2006, all of Ascorp’s employees had
tendered their resignation. Allegedly, they were clearing leave while serving
their notice period at the time when the Board meeting on 13 February 2006
took place. Consequently, between 13 February 2006 and 16 February 2006,
Ascorp was shut down. It only restarted operations following PJR’s forcible
entry into the premises. PJR took the view that the mass resignation by all of
Ascorp’s staff had been instigated by CYC.

1300 Technology’s refusal to continue working with Ascorp

16 PJR also attributed the refusal of a supplier, 1300 Technology, to continue
working with Ascorp to the influence of CYC. 1300 Technology was a business
entity based in Malaysia that assembled the MQ64L cartridges which Ascorp sold
to Infinion. Ricky Peng was the owner of this business. On 21 November 2005,
three days after the 18 November 2005 meeting between CYC and PJR, CYC emailed
Ricky Peng informing him of problems between himself and PJR:

Ascorp now having the internal issues need to be addressed between me and my
partner Mr. Patrick [PJR], The company might come to the deadlock because I
not agreed to let him or third party to run the business.

I will give you the official update again once I have finalized what would be
the next situation. Thanks!

Ricky Peng replied the same day as follows:

I’m sadden by this news

You are my most treasured customer.

It will be a great lost to my company if we are not able to work with you.

I salute and respect your abilities, dedication and talent on the job and
working on problems although at times, it is not so pleasant and I do not
agree with you.

Anyway I rank you top, to work with.

I have the confidence to work with you to expand our business

I hope your ‘internal issues’ will not interrupt the dealing of our business.

I want to continue working with you, even if you are not with ASCORP

Subsequently, after CYC’s removal as Managing Director, Ricky Peng refused to
continue supplying its goods and services to Ascorp. When PJR sent him a
purchase order on behalf of Ascorp, he replied on 17 February 2006 without
further explanation:

My company is not able to accept your Purchase Order

Infineon’s orders

17 On 15 February 2006, Infineon sent Ascorp an email requesting MQ64L
cartridges to be delivered. On the next day, CYC and PJR met with Infineon to
explain that the former was no longer in charge of Ascorp’s management. On 22
February 2006, Ascorp delivered only one MQ64L cartridge. No further
cartridges were delivered. In the evening of 23 February 2006, Ascorp received
a letter from Infineon stating that Ascorp was in breach of the Consignment
Stock Agreement. Following a meeting between Infineon and PJR on 24 February
2006, Ascorp agreed with Infineon to work out a “road map strategy” and
observe the terms of the Consignment Stock Agreement without further penalty.

18 According to PJR, Ascorp had difficulty meeting Infineon’s orders for
various reasons. As mentioned above, Ricky Peng refused to supply products to
Ascorp following CYC’s removal as Managing Director. PJR was also unaware of
the stock of MQ64L cartridges that CYC had stored in the drawer of one of
Ascorp’s former staff, Ms Kelley Teo. Even when these were found, the MQ64L
cartridges were in a semi-finished state and required a test report to be put
together before delivery could be effected. As all the staff had resigned,
there was no qualified personnel at the time to do the report. CYC did not
respond to PJR’s text message asking if he would come back to help with the
test report. Ascorp also realised that a purchase order issued to a company
known as CLT Technologies (“CLT”) for contactor pins (a component of the MQ64L
cartridges) had been put on hold.

19 Despite the difficulties, Ascorp eventually met Infineon’s orders. However,
even after Ascorp fulfilled the orders from Infineon, the Consignment Stock
Agreement was not renewed. After this incident, Infineon ceased to do business
with Ascorp.

HQ64L cartridges

20 Earlier, in October 2004, PJR and CYC had met a Mr Sansui of ST
Microelectronic (Muar) (“STM”). The purpose of the meeting was to discuss the
development of HQ64L contactors (“HQ64L cartridges”) tailored for the use of
STM. Just as MQ64L cartridges had been developed for Infineon’s customised
use, so too were the HQ64L cartridges to be developed to meet STM’s
requirements. The function of the HQ64L cartridges was similar to the function
of the MQ64L cartridges customised for Infineon’s use – STM’s integrated
circuit chips would be inserted into the HQ64L cartridges for testing by STM’s
test machines.

21 After the meeting with STM, CYC also worked with Ricky Peng to develop the
HQ64L cartridge. Initially, the project appeared to have gone well. Email
exchanges on 27 October 2004 between CYC and a Mr Kirk of STM attested to
that. PJR was not copied on these emails. However, subsequently, technical
issues arose with regard to the pins of the HQ64L cartridge. Apparently, the
pins tended to split before the requisite number of cycles of insertion and
removal of the integrated circuit chips into the HQ64L cartridge was attained
(“the split pins problem”). On 2 December 2005, CYC emailed Ricky Peng
regarding the split pins problem, asking whether it could be solved. For the
first time, PJR was copied on the emails. Ricky Peng emailed in reply on the
same day that he was unable to get rid of the problem and that as a result,
his company had decided to abandon the project. On 6 December 2006, PJR
responded to the email exchanges to encourage Ricky Peng not to give up on the
project. Ricky Peng, however, did not continue with the development of the
HQ64L cartridge.

22 Unknown to PJR, on 28 November 2005, CYC incorporated the second defendant,
Adtronic Technologies Pte Ltd (“Adtronic”). This company was wholly owned by
CYC. After CYC was removed as Managing Director, Adtronic sent quotations to
STM between 26 and 28 February 2006 to supply items with similar functions as
the HQ64L cartridge. On 17 July 2006, when PJR met with a Mr Tay of STM, he
was informed that STM was doing business with Adtronic. He also found out that
CYC was the Managing Director of Adtronic. PJR became convinced that CYC had
not been truthful when he said there were technical problems with the HQ64L
cartridge that could not be resolved.

Events leading to the present dispute

23 On 22 May 2006, CYC resigned as director of Ascorp. Acting through PJR,
Ascorp brought the present action against CYC and Adtronic. PJR was
subsequently joined as a third party. While the pleadings in this case are
somewhat convoluted, essentially:

(a) Ascorp claims, _inter alia_ , an account of sales and profits earned by
Adtronic, an order for payment by Adtronic to Ascorp of all sums found due to
the latter, and damages.

(b) CYC counterclaims against Ascorp for outstanding salary and profit shares
that he alleges were due to him but remain unpaid.

(c) CYC claims against PJR an indemnity or contribution in the event that
Ascorp succeeds in any claim that CYC is not entitled to the moneys that he
received in respect of their profit sharing arrangement or that his departure
from Ascorp has caused any loss to Ascorp.

My decision

Ascorp’s claims

24 In its closing submissions, Ascorp essentially characterised its complaint
against CYC in the form of alleged breaches of fiduciary duty on his part. In
the Statement of Claim (Amendment No 2) filed on 5 January 2009, the specific
acts complained of were:

(a)

misrepresentation of the forecasted profits for 2005 (para 8);

(b)

overpayment of profit allowance due to misrepresentation to PJR (para 10);

(c)

signing of multiple cheques to himself in mid-2005 to circumvent the
requirement for amounts above $5,000 (para 11) and again in November 2005
(para 12);

(d)

not informing Ascorp that Infineon had increased its orders for the period
October 2005 to September 2006 and deliberately cancelling orders from
Ascorp’s suppliers (para 16) to cause damage to Ascorp’s goodwill and
reputation with its customers (para 13 and 17);

(e)

resigning without notice as Managing Director of Ascorp on 9 November 2005
thus seriously affecting Ascorp’s operations (para 18 and 20);

(f)

breaching clause 13 of the Shareholders Agreement by incorporating the second
defendant on 28 November 2005 (para 21 and 22) and having the second defendant
do business with STM (para 23);

(g)

creation of contingent liability without proper protection for Ascorp (para
32); and

(h)

making double claims for petrol, car repairs, road tax, insurance, taxi and
other transport expenses when he was already paid a transport allowance of
$800 a month (para 34).

I will deal with each of these in turn.

(a) Misrepresentation of forecasted profits for 2005

25 The only forecast given by Infineon prior to the 22 November 2004 meeting
was an email dated 15 October 2004 which stated that its usage was “about 2
sets/month”. There was no evidence that Infineon’s usage would have gone above
this figure. CYC had given evidence that he took a conservative approach and
projected 1.5 sets per month to reach his forecast of 18 sets for 2005.
Although PJR took the position that CYC should have forecasted 24 sets, he
admitted that the forecast of 18 sets was not far from 24 sets. In any event,
whether the forecast was 18 or 24 sets, it would not have amounted to the
number of orders that Infineon eventually placed. I am not able to find that
CYC had misrepresented the number of sets likely to be ordered for 2005. It
was fortuitous that Infineon later decided to increase its orders. It is
regrettable that Ascorp did not see fit to count its blessings but instead
took issue with CYC’s 30% share of Ascorp’s net profits.

26 While it was not specifically pleaded in the Statement of Claim (Amendment
No 2), PJR took issue at the trial with CYC’s costing in his preparation of
the forecast. On the evidence, I find that CYC had not misrepresented the cost
of producing the MQ64L cartridges. CYC had produced the figures he used in
computing the profit forecast and I accept that those figures were reasonable.
CYC did not misrepresent Ascorp’s outlook for 2005. There was no breach of
fiduciary duty on the part of CYC in respect of his presentation of the
forecasted profits for 2005 at the 22 November 2004 meeting.

(b) Overpayment of profit allowance due to misrepresentation

27 As I have found that there was no misrepresentation, this allegation can be
dealt with shortly. CYC did not pay himself more than 30% of Ascorp’s net
profits for 2005. As this percentage had been agreed to by the Board at the 22
November 2004 meeting, there was no overpayment.

(c) Signing of multiple cheques to himself

28 In alleging that CYC was in breach of his fiduciary duty by signing
multiple cheques (each not exceeding $5,000) to himself, Ascorp relied on the
terms of the Shareholders Agreement. CYC challenged Ascorp’s _locus standi_ to
rely on those terms as it was not privy to the Shareholders Agreement. On its
part, Ascorp contended that it could rely on those terms because the
Shareholders Agreement was a hybrid employment-cum-shareholders agreement,
_ie_ , PJR entered into the Shareholders Agreement on behalf of himself and
Ascorp. Alternatively, pursuant to the Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act
(Cap 53B, 2002 Rev Ed) (“CRTPA”), Ascorp had standing to enforce the terms of
the Shareholders Agreement.

29 In my judgment, Ascorp is precluded from enforcing the terms through the
CRTPA as that has been expressly excluded by clause 17 of the Shareholders
Agreement. When PJR signed the Shareholders Agreement, he also did not
indicate that he was doing so on behalf of Ascorp. The company’s stamp was not
affixed anywhere on the Shareholders Agreement. I find that Ascorp was not a
party to the Shareholders Agreement. As a Managing Director that was drawing a
salary, CYC was certainly an employee of Ascorp. Where then, was his contract
of employment contained? In my view, clause 4.1 of the Shareholders Agreement
created an obligation on the part of PJR to ensure that Ascorp engaged CYC on
the terms set out in the Shareholders Agreement:

4.1 _Establishment of BOARD_

As at the date of this Agreement PJR is a Director of the company. Following
the due performance of the provisions of clauses 2 and 3 above _CYC shall be
appointed as a Director of the Company. PJR and CYC shall exercise their
voting rights to ensure the establishment of a BOARD upon the terms and
conditions as set out in this Clause_.

…

4.4 _Managing Director_

(a) The Managing Director of the Company shall be CYC…

[emphasis added]

PJR duly ensured that CYC was appointed as a director of Ascorp, and pursuant
to Article 101 of Ascorp’s Memorandum of Association, the directors further
appointed CYC as Managing Director. The fact that CYC was an employee of
Ascorp engaged on the terms encapsulated in the Shareholders Agreement is
evidenced by the fact that Ascorp paid CYC an initial salary commensurate with
the amount set out in clause 4.5(a) of the Shareholders Agreement. Ascorp
subsequently even increased that sum. CYC also admitted that he was an
employee of Ascorp and that the terms of his employment incorporated terms set
out in the Shareholder’s Agreement:

Q:Can you turn to page 49 of AB1. Is this where you believed you were employed
as a managing director? Page 49, Clause 4.4(a).

A:Yes.

Q:Can you turn to page 50? On the top of page 50 Mr. Chew, is this where you
believed that you were entitled to $3,500 a month for the said first 6 months
at least?

A:Yes.

30 While Ascorp cannot enforce the Shareholders Agreement _per se_ , it can
enforce the terms of CYC’s employment contract. Clause 5 of the Shareholders
Agreement sets out actions that Ascorp and the Board may not engage in without
the consent of both PJR and CYC (see above at [9]). These would have been
incorporated as part of CYC’s contract of employment with Ascorp. On the
evidence before me, it is clear that CYC was in breach of sub-clauses 5(f) and
(g) of the Shareholders Agreement when he issued several cheques each not
exceeding $5000 to himself for payment of an amount greater than $5000. That
was a breach of the spirit, if not the letter of the terms of his employment.
CYC was clearly aware of this, as borne out by his evasiveness when questioned
on this point:

Court: |  I just say in a scenario where you have to pay to yourself above 5,000, you need [PJR’s] signature right?  
---|---  
Witness: |  Yes, if you want come out one cheque.  
Court: |  I’m saying one cheque. But below 5,000, you can pay to yourself and he would never know because you don’t need to tell him and the cheque will also clear, correct?  
Witness: |  Yes.  
Court: |  Okay. So if you need to pay yourself 15,000 in one go, it’s the proper way to write one cheque of 15,000 so that he will know, or is it the proper way is to split into three cheques of 5,000 each?  
Witness: |  He’s not in then I --- then I will issue the three cheque to me.  
…  
Court: |  So therefore, in that sense, you try to get around it by issuing three cheques where you don’t need his signature.  
Witness: |  Yes.  
  
  

31 It is trite law that a director should act honestly in the discharge of the
duties of his office (see s 157, Companies Act (Cap 50, 2006 Rev Ed)). On the
evidence, CYC knew that PJR disputed his entitlement to 30% of Ascorp’s net
profits and was likely to object to signing the cheques. Clearly, CYC was
trying to avoid getting PJR’s signature by issuing multiple cheques instead of
one. By doing so, he was in breach of the duty of honesty that he owed to
Ascorp by virtue of being its Managing Director.

(d) Damaging Ascorp’s goodwill and reputation with its customers

32 Infineon was Ascorp’s main customer. Ascorp alleged that CYC had acted to
cause damage to Ascorp’s goodwill and reputation with Infineon. In its
Statement of Claim (Amendment No 2) and closing submissions, Ascorp pointed to
specific acts allegedly committed by CYC:

(a)

not informing the Board about the Consignment Stock Agreement entered into in
December 2004 with Infineon;

(b)

not informing Ascorp that Infineon had increased its orders for the period
between October 2005 to September 2006;

(b)

cancelling purchase orders made with CLT when supplies were needed to make
MQ64L cartridges;

(c)

causing Ricky Peng to refuse to continue working with Ascorp; and

(d)

causing the mass resignation of Ascorp’s staff so it would not be able to meet
orders.

33 I accept that there was sufficient reason for CYC’s cancellation of its
purchase order to CLT. Ascorp was only required to hold an inventory of three
sets of the MQ64L cartridges at all times in the event that Infineon placed an
order. I accept that in December 2005, there were no orders from Infineon and
Ascorp already had six sets of the MQ64L cartridges on standby for any orders
received. As such, there was adequate reason to put the order to CLT on hold,
to be activated if necessary.

34 I do not accept, however, that on the whole, CYC had acted in the best
interests of Ascorp. It is clear that pursuant to clause 5 of the Shareholders
Agreement, which would have also been incorporated into CYC’s employment
contract, CYC was not to enter into contracts “involving expenditure on
capital account exceeding $5,000” without PJR’s consent. No such prior consent
was obtained. Also, while with the infighting between PJR and CYC it was not
surprising that the staff would want to leave, it is rather unusual that all
three staff would have resigned on the same day. That suggests a degree of
orchestration on the part of CYC. It was also unexplainable why CYC did not
take action to rehire staff or at least inform the Board that the company
would be facing a labour crisis. Further, it was likely that CYC was in some
way responsible for Ricky Peng’s defection. Ricky Peng had been working with
Ascorp. There was no reason why he ought not to have continued working with
Ascorp while it remained profitable for him to do so. I find it telling that
in his email, Ricky Peng stated that “I want to continue working with you
[CYC], _even if you are not with ASCORP_ ”. The statement suggested that Ricky
Peng was aware that CYC would leave Ascorp shortly but engage in similar
business that could require his services. On the whole, I find that Ascorp had
proven on the balance of probabilities that CYC had acted to cause damage to
Ascorp’s goodwill and reputation with Infineon, and was as such in breach of
his fiduciary duty to act in the best interest of Ascorp.

(e) Resigning without notice as Managing Director of Ascorp on 9 November 2005

35 While it was alleged in the Statement of Claim (Amendment No 2) that with
effect from 9 November 2005, CYC had resigned as Managing Director, that line
of inquiry was not seriously pursued at trial or addressed in closing
submissions. I do not find that CYC had resigned as alleged by Ascorp. On the
contrary, he would have had to be acting as Managing Director to have been
able to accept the resignation of Ascorp’s staff on 26 January 2006. It was
also in that capacity that he would have put the purchase order issued to CLT
on hold on 14 December 2005.

(f) Incorporation of Adtronic and its business with STM

36 It is not disputed that in late 2004, CYC and PJR met with Mr Sansui from
STM to discuss Ascorp’s development of the HQ64L cartridge. By the time CYC
was removed as Managing Director, a prototype of the product had come into
existence. The prototype, however, had problems which caused the pins to split
and require cleaning. As already mentioned above at [21], Ricky Peng stated
that he could not resolve the problem and would be abandoning the project. STM
subsequently contacted CYC in February 2006 to explore the possibility of
reviving the product.

37 CYC maintained that when he issued quotations in respect of a device known
as the “Synex Handler” to STM, he did not breach his fiduciary duty not to put
himself in a position of a conflict of interest. This is because Ascorp did
not in fact have any business opportunity vis-à-vis STM given its failure to
resolve the split pin problem. In any event, CYC submitted that the Synex
Handler was a contactor with far more sophisticated functions and thus, was
not in the same class of devices as the HQ64L such that his promotion of the
Synex Handler would constitute a conflict of interest. Further, he argued no
conflict eventuated as STM did not place any orders with Adtronic in response
to its quotations.

38 Ascorp relied on clause 13 of the Shareholders Agreement to argue that CYC
was prohibited from engaging in businesses similarly concerned with the
production and supply of contactors. As mentioned above at [28], CYC’s
position was that Ascorp has no _locus standi_ to enforce any term in the
Shareholders Agreement. Yet, even putting aside that point, it is trite law
that a director must not put himself in a position of a conflict of interest
and he cannot appropriate the company’s maturing business opportunities for
his own gain. In _Swiss Butchery Pte Ltd v Huber Ernst_ [2010] 3 SLR 813, it
was held at [12] that:

…a director is not allowed to make use of information obtained while he was a
director of the company in question or to exploit a maturing business
opportunity of the company for his own personal purposes and profit. Any
profit so obtained will be subject to a constructive trust in favour of the
company.

In _Walter Woon on Company Law_ (Sweet & Maxwell Asia, 3rd Ed, 2005) (Tan
Cheng Han gen ed) at paragraph 8.63, it was explained that:

whether a director is proscribed from appropriating to himself a business
opportunity probably depends on whether the opportunity falls within the
company’s scope of business… a director should not take up an opportunity for
profit if it is within the scope of the business of the company as currently
carried out and as planned to be carried out.

39 While Ricky Peng had abandoned the project, there was no indication that
Ascorp had similarly given up. The maturing business opportunity with STM
still existed. PJR’s email to Ricky Peng asking him to continue trying to
resolve the problem would indicate that Ascorp remained interested in
developing the HQ64L cartridge for STM’s use. There was no reason why, given
time, Ascorp could not have found an alternative party to work on the
cartridge, just as CYC had been invited to join Ascorp to develop the MQ64L
cartridges. I also reject the defence that the Synex Handler which Adtronic
had quoted to STM was a different business opportunity than the HQ64L. CYC had
given evidence that the new contactor was a different mechanism as it had
different springs, levers and pivots, and was designed to allow for
replaceable parts within the cartridge rather than having to throw away the
whole cartridge once its constituent parts were worn out. While it
incorporated different mechanisms, the function the Synex Handler served was
similar to the HQ64L cartridge – it was a contactor as well. CYC was thus in
breach of the “no conflict” rule when he submitted quotations to STM through
Adtronic. Whether or not STM eventually placed orders with Adtronic is
irrelevant to the fact of CYC’s breach of the no conflict rule. It merely goes
towards damages.

(g) Creation of contingent liability with improper protection for Ascorp

40 Ascorp alleges that if CYC had been acting in the best interests of Ascorp,
he ought to have taken steps after signing the Consignment Stock Agreement to
ensure that Ascorp would not be caught in breach of its terms, especially in
light of how onerous they were to Ascorp. It alleges that one such step could
have been to secure back-to-back suppliers’ contracts with 1300 Technology and
CLT to ensure there would be adequate supplies of the materials required to
produce the MQ64L cartridges. CYC’s answer was essentially that he saw no need
for such measures as he was in the company to take charge that there would be
sufficient supplies.

41 It is trite law that in reviewing the directors’ exercise of discretion,
the court should not substitute its own judgment for that of the directors
(see _ECRC Land Pte Ltd v Wing On Ho Christopher_ [2004] 1 SLR(R) 105 at [49]
and _Vita Health Laboratories Pte Ltd v Pang Seng Meng_ [2004] 4 SLR(R) 162 at
[16]). The inquiry is whether the discretion was exercised in good faith for
the company’s interests. On the evidence, I am not convinced that the lack of
back-to-back contracts meant that CYC had not acted in the best interest of
Ascorp. I accept that he did not see a need for such arrangements and had made
a business decision that there would be necessary supplies even without such
arrangements.

(h) Double claims for transport expenses

42 In the Statement of Claim (Amendment No 2), Ascorp alleged that CYC had
made double claims for petrol, car repairs, road tax, insurance, taxi and
other transport expenses when he was already paid a transport allowance of
$800 a month. However, as Ascorp did not appear to be pursuing its claim in
respect of these in its closing submissions and its reply submissions, I make
no finding of fact on the same.

Conclusion on Ascorp’s claim

43 In light of the above, I find that CYC had breached his fiduciary duties to
act honestly and in the best interest of Ascorp by placing himself in a
position of conflict of interest.

CYC’s counterclaim

44 CYC’s counterclaim is for three months’ salary in lieu of notice of
termination, and for unpaid profit allowances for October and November 2005.
As PJR conceded that CYC had not been paid his profit allowance for that
period, and as it was agreed that CYC would be entitled to 30% of Ascorp’s net
profits for 2005, his claim for those sums must succeed. However, as CYC has
not adduced any evidence that Ascorp has to give him notice before
termination, his counterclaim for salary in lieu of notice cannot succeed.

CYC’s claim against PJR

45 No submissions were made in CYC’s closing submissions in respect of his
claim against PJR save the following:

[CYC’s] total counterclaim comes to $29.528.24 ($16.272 + $13,256.24). As
[Ascorp] is now insolvent … an order for [Ascorp] to pay this sum would be of
no use. Further, [PJR] has depleted the assets of [Ascorp] by using all the
retained earnings to pay for his legal fees for an unmeritorious law suit. We
therefore seek an order for [PJR] to pay the Judgment sum on the counterclaim
of $29,528.24 with interest and costs.

46 As I have already found that there are claims against CYC for breach of
fiduciary duty that can be sustained, the suit cannot be deemed unmeritorious.
Further, Ascorp is a separate legal entity from PJR. CYC has not proffered any
compelling reason for me to lift the corporate veil to find PJR personally
liable in respect of any sum. CYC also claims an indemnity against PJR in the
event that his departure from Ascorp has caused any loss to the company.
Presumably this is because it was PJR who instigated his removal as Managing
Director of Ascorp. However, as CYC’s breach of fiduciary duty preceded his
removal as Managing Director, I find no impropriety in the Board’s removal of
CYC from his position and see no reason why PJR should indemnify CYC in this
regard.

Conclusion

47 In light of the above:

(a)

I grant Ascorp an account of sales and profits earned by Adtronic, and an
order for payment by Adtronic to Ascorp of all such sums found to be due from
Adtronic to Ascorp on the taking of the account by the Registrar. Damages are
to be assessed by the Registrar generally in respect of Ascorp’s loss of
reputation and goodwill with its customers as caused by CYC, and specifically
in respect of losses caused by CYC and Adtronic’s appropriation of Ascorp’s
business opportunities with STM.

(b)

I grant CYC’s counterclaim against Ascorp in part for unpaid share of the
profits due to him.

(c)

I dismiss CYC’s claim against PJR.

I will hear parties on costs.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 12 May 2011 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

