Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Lim Lina _v_ Estate of Quick Cheng Gee, deceased  
[2011] SGHC 267

Case Number| :| Originating Summons No 388 of 2011  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 19 December 2011  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Lee Seiu Kin J  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Kee Lay Lian and Vimaljit Kaur (Rajah & Tann LLP) for the
plaintiff; Zaminder Singh Gill (Hillborne & Company) for the defendant.  
Parties| :|  Lim Lina — Estate of Quick Cheng Gee, deceased  
  
19 December 2011|  
---|---  
  
Lee Seiu Kin J:

1 This is an application made by the plaintiff, seeking moneys which she
claims to be entitled to pursuant to three insurance policies that her
deceased husband, Mr Quick Cheng Gee (“the Deceased”), had purchased after
their marriage and which she has been named the sole beneficiary of.

Background facts

2 The plaintiff was married to the Deceased on November 1991. They have no
children. The Deceased died intestate on 30 March 2005. Madam Lu Bah Bee (“Mdm
Lu”) is the mother of the Deceased. Pursuant to r 4 of s 7 of the Intestate
Succession Act (Cap 146, 1985 Rev Ed), both the plaintiff and Mdm Lu are
entitled to half of the Deceased’s estate (“the Estate”).

3 Both Mdm Lu and the plaintiff were appointed administratrices of the Estate
under a grant of letters of administration extracted on 9 February 2007.
Following the grant, Mdm Lu and the plaintiff opened a bank account to
consolidate the Estate (“the DBS Estate Account”). Both Mdm Lu and the
plaintiff are joint signatories to the DBS Estate Account.

4 The issue for this court’s determination concerns the proceeds of the
following three insurance policies (“the AIA Insurance Policies”) purchased by
the Deceased, which totalled $339,125.37:

(a) AIA policy No L531438918: $255,990.05

(b) AIA policy No L519010251: $29,325.86

(c) AIA policy No L110433554: $53,809.46

5 On the application forms for each of the AIA Insurance Policies, the
plaintiff’s name, _viz_ “Lim Lina”, was written as the sole name under the box
labelled “Name of Beneficiary”. Her relationship as the Deceased’s “wife” is
also indicated under the box labelled “Relationship”.

6 The proceeds of the AIA Insurance Policies were paid into the DBS Estate
Account. The plaintiff believed that this payment was erroneous as the
proceeds of the AIA Insurance Policies were actually due to her. Through her
solicitors, she corresponded with Mdm Lu to request her approval for the
proceeds of the AIA Insurance Policies to be taken out of the DBS Estate
Account. However, Mdm Lu refused to approve the release of the proceeds.

7 Accordingly, the plaintiff made the present application for a declaration
that she was entitled to the proceeds of the AIA Insurance Policies that have
been paid into the DBS Estate Account, and that the same should be released to
the plaintiff solely. The Plaintiff’s argument in support of her application
was that the monies paid under the AIA Insurance Policies did not form part of
the Estate, and instead belonged solely to her.

The law

8 Section 73(1) of the Conveyancing and Law of Property Act (Cap 61, 1994 Rev
Ed) (“CLPA”) sets out that monies payable under certain policies of assurance
do not form part of the estate of the insured in the following terms:

**Moneys payable under policy of assurance not to form part of the estate of
the insured**

**73.** —(1) A  _policy of assurance effected by any man on his own life_ and
_expressed_ , before the date of commencement of section 10 of the Insurance
(Amendment) Act 2009, _to be for the benefit of his wife or of his children or
of his wife and children or any of them_ , or by any woman on her own life and
expressed, before the date of commencement of section 10 of the Insurance
(Amendment) Act 2009, to be for the benefit of her husband or of her children
or of her husband and children or any of them, _shall create a trust in favour
of the objects therein named_ , and the _moneys payable under any such policy
shall not_ , so long as any object of the trust remains unperformed, _form
part of the estate of the insured or be subject to his or her debts_.

[emphasis added]

9 Section 73 of the CLPA had its predecessor in s 11 of the Married Women’s
Property Act 1882 (UK) (see _CH v CI_ [2004] SGDC 131 (“ _CH v CI_ ”) at
[14]). The rationale for the English provision was to allow an insured person
to set up a separate fund exclusively for his immediate family on which
creditors could not possibly lay their hands, thus protecting the immediate
family members from the policyholder’s creditors (see Yeo Hwee Ying, “Life
Policies under a Statutory Trust” [1996] SJLS 342 at 342 and Debbie Ong Siew
Ling, “Section 73 CLPA: Assurance for the Spouse and Children” (1997) 9 SAcLJ
82 at 83). As explained by Deane J in _Re Yeo Hock Hoe’s Policy_ (1938) MLJ 33
at 34, in the context of the then-equivalent of s 73 of the CLPA:

In other words the legislature viewing with sympathy any effort by a man to
provide for his wife and family after his death has provided that a man may
insure his life at any time for their benefit and any monies payable under the
policy shall not go to pay his debts, but shall be held in trust for his
family.

10 I pause briefly to note that the legislative framework surrounding s 73 of
the CLPA was amended pursuant to the enactment of the Insurance (Amendment)
Act 2009. According to Hansard, such a change was made because under the s 73
framework, there was some uncertainty surrounding the disbursement of
insurance policy proceeds (see _Singapore Parliamentary Debates, Official
Report_ (4 February 2009) vol 85 col 1630 (Mr Lim Hng Kiang, Minister for
Trade and Industry)). The Insurance (Amendment) Act 2009 was to “clarify the
current uncertainty surrounding the disbursement of insurance policy proceeds
and give policy owners the assurance that the proceeds from their insurance
policies will be disbursed as they intended” (_ibid_). Given, however, that
the AIA Insurance Policies were effected _before_ the amendments were made to
the legislative framework, s 73 of the CLPA remains applicable to the present
case.

11 The key matter of interest in the present case was whether the AIA
Insurance Policies were “expressed” to be for the benefit of the plaintiff,
for the purposes of s 73 of the CLPA. It appears from decided cases that there
is no fixed format of “expression” required in order for s 73 of the CLPA to
be brought into operation. For instance, in _Eng Li Cheng Dolly v Lim Yeo Hua_
[1995] 2 SLR(R) 577 (“ _Dolly Eng_ ”) the policy contained the provision
“Beneficiary. Mdm Eng Li Cheng, wife of the life assured”. This was found to
be sufficient expression for the purposes of s 73 of the CLPA.

12 It should further be noted that s 73 of the CLPA need not be expressly
mentioned in the policy of assurance because such express mention is not a
requirement in s 73 (_Dolly Eng_ at [14] _per_ G P Selvam J). On the facts of
_Dolly Eng_ , notwithstanding that s 73 of the CLPA was not expressly
mentioned, Selvam J held that s 73 of the CLPA applied to the facts of the
case. More recently, in _CH v CI_ , the district court held – citing _Dolly
Eng_ – that “it is not necessary to specifically invoke Section 73 in the life
insurance policy documents in order for a Section 73 trust to be created” (_CH
v CI_ at [17]).

Application to the facts

13 In the present case, as mentioned above (at [5]), the plaintiff’s name was
written under the column labelled “Name of Beneficiary”, and her relationship
as the Deceased’s “wife” is also clearly indicated under the column labelled
“Relationship”. This is therefore sufficient to indicate that the policies
were “expressed … to be for the benefit of his wife” for the purposes of s 73
of the CLPA. As such, s 73 of the CLPA was brought into operation, and a trust
was immediately constituted in favour of the plaintiff. The proceeds of the
AIA Insurance Policies thus do not form part of the Estate.

14 I accordingly allowed the application. I also ordered that costs of these
proceedings to be paid by the Estate, on solicitor and client basis.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 19 Dec 2011 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

