Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Ching Chew Weng Paul, deceased, and others _v_ Ching Pui Sim and others  
[2011] SGHC 69

Case Number| :| Suit No 594 of 2008 (Summons Nos 4104, 4280 & 4569 of 2010)  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 28 March 2011  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Steven Chong J  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Hri Kumar SC, Wendell Wong, Emmanuel Duncan Chua and Kueh
Xiu Ying (Drew & Napier LLC) for the plaintiffs; Sivakumar Murugaiyan and
Melissa Leong (Genesis Law Corporation) for the 3rd defendant Deborah Barker
SC, Ang Keng Ling and Noelle Seet (KhattarWong) for the 5th to 9th defendants.  
Parties| :|  Ching Chew Weng Paul, deceased, and others — Ching Pui Sim and
others  
  
28 March 2011|  
---|---  
  
Steven Chong J:

Introduction

1 In an earlier decision _Ching Chew Weng Paul v Ching Pui Sim and others_
[2010] 2 SLR 76 (“the Judgment”), I described this case as “the unfortunate
quest of the plaintiff to recover assets which his father, the late Ching
Kwong Kuen (“KK Ching”) had intended to leave behind for him”. At the
conclusion of the trial, the plaintiff substantially prevailed and the 1st,
2nd and 4th defendants were ordered to transfer various assets including
shares in several companies back to the estate of KK Ching under which the
plaintiff was the sole beneficiary. After the Judgment was delivered, the 5th
to 9th defendants (_ie_ the aunt and cousins of the plaintiff) representing
the estate of the 2nd defendant (who _elected_ not to participate in the trial
following the demise of the 2nd defendant) filed a Notice of Appeal against
the Judgment. The other defendants did not appeal. On 2 March 2010, I heard
and dismissed the 5th to 9th defendants’ application to stay the execution of
the Judgment against an undertaking from the estate of KK Ching not to
transfer the shares pending the outcome of the appeal. Two days later, on 4
March 2010, the plaintiff, who was suffering from terminal cancer (unknown to
me during the trial), passed away. On 19 April 2010 the appeal lapsed when the
5th to 9th defendants failed to file their Record of Appeal, Core Bundle and
the Appellants’ Case altogether.

2 Six months later, this unfortunate and somewhat tragic case was “
_resurrected_ ” by the 5th to 9th defendants (who had then instructed a new
set of solicitors). An application was filed on 9 September 2010 in this
action to set aside the Judgment on the limited ground that the Judgment,
insofar as it affects the estate of the 2nd defendant, was procured by fraud.
Recognising the issue of prejudice to the estate of the plaintiff in view of
his untimely demise, the 5th to 9th defendants astutely steered away from
alleging fraud directly against the plaintiff. Instead they directed the fraud
accusation solely against another cousin, the 1st defendant, and submitted
that the plaintiff’s evidence at the trial was entirely based on the evidence
of the 1st defendant. I heard the application over 2 days and on 10 December
2010, I delivered my oral grounds in dismissing the application. I arrived at
the firm conclusion that the “ _fresh_ ” evidence raised by the 5th to 9th
defendants did not even come close to establishing fraud. As the 5th to 9th
defendants have since appealed against my decision, I now provide my full
grounds for dismissing the application.

3 This decision will examine the applicable principles to set aside a regular
judgment purportedly procured by fraud, in particular, the ambit of the fraud
exception, the degree of proof required to establish fraud and the relevance
and necessity, if any, for the applicant to sufficiently explain the reasons
for the absence from the trial and the delay in filing the application.

Procedural history

4 The action was commenced by the plaintiff on 25 August 2008. Initially, each
of the defendants (except the 1st defendant) was represented by different sets
of solicitors and each of them filed their respective defences. In particular,
the 2nd defendant filed a bare denial which merely put the plaintiff to strict
proof. Shortly after his defence was filed, the 2nd defendant passed away on
21 October 2008\. Thereafter, the plaintiff applied for the 5th to 9th
defendants to be substituted as parties to continue the action against the 2nd
defendant’s estate.

5 More than a year after the death of the 2nd defendant, the trial of the
action was eventually heard before me over four days on 2 to 4, and 6 November
2009. Despite being added as parties and being served with all the court
papers, the 5th to 9th defendants elected not to participate in the
proceedings at all. The plaintiff and all the other defendants testified at
the trial.

6 I delivered my decision on 4 December 2009. I found, _inter alia_ , that the
following assets were held on trust by the various defendants for the estate
of KK Ching:

**_1 st defendant_**

(a)

2 shares in KK Holdings (Pte) Ltd (“KK Holdings”);

(b)

72,270 shares in National Aerated Water Singapore Pte Ltd (“National
Aerated”);

(c)

233,700 shares in National Aerated Water Co Sdn Bhd;

(d)

240,000 shares in Kwong Soon Engineering Company Pte Ltd (“Kwong Soon
Engineering”);

(e)

100,000 shares in Kheng Cheong & Co Pte Ltd;

(f)

10,000 shares in Kheng Cheong & Co Sdn Bhd;

(g)

100 shares in Siong Heng Realty Pte Ltd (“Siong Heng Realty”); and

(h)

765,000 shares in Seng Realty & Development Pte Ltd

**_2 nd defendant_**

(a)

1 share in KK Holdings;

(b)

117,374 shares in National Aerated; and

(c)

32,000 shares in Seng Heng Realty Ltd (“Seng Heng”)

**_4 th defendant_**

1 share in KK Holdings

7 On 4 January 2010, a Notice of Appeal was filed by the 5th to 9th
defendants. It should be noted that the appeal was filed within time. In
tandem with the appeal, the 5th to 9th defendants also applied to stay the
execution of the Judgment pending the outcome of the appeal. It is pertinent
to highlight that the ground for the stay application was essentially the
uncovering of “ _fresh_ ” evidence which contradicted the findings in the
Judgment. As explained above, the stay application was heard and dismissed by
me on 2 March 2010. Shortly after the stay application was dismissed, the
appeal lapsed. No attempt was made by the 5th to 9th defendants for extension
of time to pursue the appeal.

8 Some five months after the appeal had lapsed and some nine months after the
Judgment was delivered, the 5th to 9th defendants on 9 September 2010 applied
to set aside the Judgment insofar as it affects the 2nd defendant’s estate.

9 On 10 August 2010, the executors of the plaintiff’s Will were added as 2nd
and 3rd plaintiffs to the action. Unless the context otherwise requires, all
references to the plaintiff in this decision shall refer to Paul Ching Chew
Weng.

10 The application to set aside the Judgment was initially fixed before Chan J
on 14 September 2010. During the hearing, Ms Deborah Barker representing the
5th to 9th defendants clarified that the application was made under O 35 r 2
of the Rules of Court (Cap 322, R 5, 2006 Rev Ed) (“Rules of Court”) which
empowers the court to set aside any judgment or order granted in the absence
of a party. However, under O 35 r 2, such an application must be made within
14 days from the date of the judgment. As the Judgment was delivered on 4
December 2009, the application was out of time by almost nine months.
Accordingly, Chan J directed the 5th to 9th defendants to file an application
to extend time. Both applications were heard together before me. I will deal
with the reasons proffered by the 5th to 9th defendants for their inordinate
delay in filing the application as well as their absence from the trial
separately below.

11 In deciding whether to set aside a judgment after trial under O 35 r 2, the
following factors are relevant (see _Su Sh-Hsyu v Wee Yue Chew_ [2007] 3
SLR(R) 673 at [44]) (“ _Su Sh-Hsyu_ ”):

(a)

the reasons for the defendant’s absence at the trial;

(b)

whether the successful party will be prejudiced;

(c)

the length of the applicant’s delay;

(d)

whether a complete trial is required;

(e)

the prospects of success; and

(f)

considerations of public interest.

12 At the outset of the hearing, Ms Barker made clear that the application was
based entirely on the premise that the Judgment was procured by actual fraud
and the fraud accusation was directed solely at the 1st defendant. On this
note, I will consider each of the above factors in turn.

Reasons for the 5th to 9th defendants’ absence from trial

13 The Court of Appeal in _Su Sh-Hsyu_ held that (at [44]), where judgment has
been entered after trial in the defendant’s absence, the predominant
consideration in deciding whether to set aside the judgment is the reason for
the defendant’s absence. The authorities are clear that the burden is on the
party who was absent to provide sufficiently cogent reasons to explain the
absence from trial. As emphasised in _Su Sh-Hsyu_ at [57], a Court is
reluctant to set aside the judgment if the absence was deliberate and
contumelious:

In summary, it can be seen that _the reasons for non-attendance will be most
severely viewed (vis-à-vis the other relevant factors set out in_[44]  _above)
in instances where the applicant’s omission was deliberate and contumelious.
In such cases, the court will be most reluctant to set aside the judgment even
though there may be other countervailing factors in favour of setting aside_.
Any such countervailing factors would necessarily have to be very compelling
to tilt the balance in favour of setting aside the judgment. On the other
hand, where the reason for non-appearance was wholly innocent or due to
mistake or unavoidable accident, the court will be more inclined to set aside
the judgment. In exercising its discretion, the other factors, such as whether
the other party would be irremediably prejudiced, will feature more heavily in
the court’s consideration.

[emphasis added]

14 It would seem from the authorities that absence from trial due to personal
reasons or personal difficulties would not necessarily prevent the Court from
finding that the absence was nonetheless deliberate. Such was the case in
_Shocked v Goldschmidt_ [1998] 1 All ER 372 (“ _Shocked_ ”) where the
applicant, a musician, was recording and touring around the world at the time
when the trial took place. Although the applicant was informed in advance by
her counsel of the trial date, she explained that she could not attend the
trial as she was on tour, and was without a personal manager, a backing band,
and money (see _Shocked_ at p 375). The English Court of Appeal (at p 382) was
unconvinced that these personal reasons could justify her absence from trial
and observed that even with these personal difficulties, no explanation was
provided for her failure to apply for an adjournment. No allegation of fraud
was raised and in view of the applicant’s deliberate choice to be absent from
trial, the English Court of Appeal decided to dismiss the application to set
aside the judgment. In similar vein, the defendant in _Lee Ngiap Pheng Tony v
Cheong Ming Kiat (Zhang Minjie) (trading as Autohomme Automobiles)_ [2010] 4
SLR 831 (“ _Lee Ngiap Pheng”_) explained that his absence from trial was
because he was hounded by creditors, that he did not think that the trial
would be fruitful and that he did not fully appreciate the necessity for his
trial attendance. The Court held that these did not constitute valid reasons
to explain his deliberate absence from the trial. The Court observed that
unlike the case of _Su Sh-Hsyu_ , no allegation of fraud was raised as a basis
to set aside the judgment; and in view of the unsatisfactory attempts to
explain the absence from trial, the Court decided against setting aside the
judgment. Nevertheless, I must emphasise that there is no overriding principle
that personal reasons or personal difficulties will never be accepted as valid
reasons to explain the absence from the trial. A Court would be inclined to
set aside the judgment where the personal reasons given, if accepted, could
show that the absence from the trial was wholly innocent or due to mistake or
unavoidable accident (see _Su Sh-Hsyu_ at [57]).

15 In the present case, there is no dispute that the 5th to 9th defendants
were well aware of the trial dates. Despite so, they chose not to participate
or even attend the trial. The 5th to 9th defendants explained that their
absence from trial was due to certain subjective assumptions on their part.
The 5th to 9th defendants made the following claims:[note: 1]

[the 5th to 9th defendants] thought they would not be able to contribute and
trusted Paul to do the right thing. They did not expect Paul and Sally to
withhold information from this Court, as there was no reason to suspect their
motives at that time.

This was reiterated by the 6th defendant’s claim that:[note: 2]

After [the 2nd defendant] passed away, we [the 5th to 9th defendants] trusted
Paul to conduct the matter in a just and reasonable manner, as we did not have
personal knowledge of the alleged Trust Assets.

In particular, the 6th defendant stated the following:[note: 3]

On hindsight, had we [the 5th to 9th defendants] known that Paul would
withhold material information from this Honourable Court, we would have
actively participated in the proceedings and challenged his claim. We had
mistakenly trusted our cousin.

16 In my view, the above reasons were completely unconvincing. The assertion
that they trusted the plaintiff to conduct the matter in a just and reasonable
manner was disingenuous as it runs contrary to the complaints by the 6th
defendant about the plaintiff’s allegedly unreasonable behaviour:[note: 4]

Only two days after [the 2nd defendant’s] death, we received the _flurry of
letters from Paul_ and his solicitors...Paul _expressed no concern_ over my
father’s death save that it should not delay the proceedings...

...soon after my father’s death, Paul..._began to hassle us_ in respect of our
father’s will.

[emphasis added]

17 In view of such significant insinuations of unreasonable behaviour on the
plaintiff’s part before the trial, it was plainly disingenuous of the 5th to
9th defendants to claim that they had trusted the plaintiff to conduct the
proceedings in a just and reasonable manner.

18 Even more pertinently, the 5th to 9th defendants’ explanation that there
was no reason to suspect that the plaintiff or the 1st defendant would
withhold information is no excuse for being absent from trial. It is common
ground that the writ with the Statement of Claim was served on the 5th to 9th
defendants in February 2009 after they were added as parties to the action
pursuant to an order for substituted service following unsuccessful attempts
at personal service. It was also undisputed that copies of all subsequent
pleadings were duly served on the 5th to 9th defendants. From the pleadings,
the plaintiff’s and 1st defendant’s Affidavits of Evidence in Chief (“AEIC”),
the 5th to 9th defendants were fully aware of the evidence that was alleged
against the 2nd defendant from the outset. It is that same evidence which the
5th to 9th defendants have now alleged to be fraudulent. The 5th to 9th
defendants could easily have adopted the same position to contest the trial.
Accordingly, in the face of the pleadings and the AEICs of the plaintiff and
the 1st defendant, the 5th to 9th defendants, based on their own case theory,
could not have reasonably believed that the plaintiff would conduct the trial
in a fair and reasonable manner. Therefore, they had every reason to contest
the claims and yet they chose to absent themselves from the trial altogether.

19 Crucially, the 2nd defendant’s position as regards the claims was expressed
in his defence that was filed and served before he passed away. The 2nd
defendant clearly denied the plaintiff’s claims (notwithstanding the bare
denial) regarding the 1982 trusts,[note: 5] and put the plaintiff to strict
proof regarding his claims as regards the 1984 trusts.[note: 6] It was further
stated that the 2nd defendant was unable to look for or locate all the
relevant documents to respond to the plaintiff’s claims regarding the 1982
trusts.[note: 7] In view of the 2nd defendant’s position before he passed
away, there was more than sufficient reason for the 5th to 9th defendants to
verify and contest the claims made by the plaintiff, and more significantly,
there was more than sufficient time for them to do so.

20 The 5th to 9th defendants claim that they were deeply grieved by the 2nd
defendant’s death and were not in the proper frame of mind to deal with the
proceedings at that time.[note: 8] I do not find this to be a persuasive
reason. After the 2nd defendant passed away, the 5th to 9th defendants had the
proper frame of mind to handle matters relating to the companies which the 2nd
defendant used to run.[note: 9] Furthermore, the trial was more than a year
after the 2nd defendant’s death. I have also taken into consideration the
material admission that the 5th to 9th defendants could have instructed
lawyers to advise them on the suit.[note: 10]

Reasons for the 5th to 9th defendants’ delay in applying to set aside the
Judgment

21 The Court of Appeal in _Su Sh-Hsyu_ held that the applicant’s delay in
applying to set aside the judgment is a relevant factor to be taken into
consideration. In _Vallipuram Gireesa Venkit Eswaran v Scanply International
Wood Product (S) Pte Ltd (Kim Yew Trading Co, third party)_ [1995] 2 SLR(R)
507 (“ _Vallipuram_ ”), the application to set aside the judgment was made two
years after the conclusion of the trial on the ground that it was a
procedurally irregular judgment (there was no allegation of fraud). In
dismissing the application, the Court took into consideration the fact that no
explanation was provided for the delay. The same approach was adopted in
_Perwira Habib Bank Malaysia Bhd v Wastecol Manufacturing Sdn Bhd & Ors_
[1988] 3 MLJ 215 (“ _Wastecoal Manufacturing_ ”), where the application to
aside a default judgment was made nine months late. The application was based
on the purported merits of the defence. Notably, no allegation of fraud was
raised. The Court held that the applicant’s failure to explain the inordinate
delay of nine months raised much doubts as to the _bona fides_ of his
application, and thereafter dismissed the application.

22 In the present case, the 5th to 9th defendants were served with the
Judgment on 4 December 2009, the very same day when the Judgment was
delivered.[note: 11] In the hearing before me, Ms Barker explained that an
appeal was filed on the instructions of the 5th to 9th defendants. The 5th to
9th defendants alleged that the appeal was allowed to lapse due to
inadvertence of their former solicitors.[note: 12] However, no detail was
provided to explain the nature of the inadvertence in filing the appeal
documents. In this regard, it is helpful to refer to the observations of the
Court of Appeal in _Lee Hsien Loong v Singapore Democratic Party and others
and another suit_ [2008] 1 SLR(R) 757 at [22] (in the context of granting
leave to file a notice of appeal out of time) that mere inadvertence, in and
of itself, is insufficient to constitute a good reason to explain the delay:

If the delay is not merely _de minimis_ , the court must examine the reasons
for such delay. A mere assertion that there has been an oversight is obviously
insufficient and, indeed, could lead to an abuse of process. In the decision
of this court in _Denko-HLB Sdn Bhd v Fagerdala Singapore Pte Ltd_ [2002] 2
SLR(R) 336 ("_Denko_ "), for example, Chao Hick Tin JA (as he then was), who
delivered the grounds of decision of the court, observed thus (at [18]):

Not only was the length of the delay quite substantial (bearing in mind [that]
the prescribed period of time within which a party must apply to the judge for
further arguments was only seven days), there were no extenuating
circumstances offered for the 'oversight' of the solicitor. Some explanation
should have been offered to mitigate or excuse the oversight. If, in every
case, 'oversight' is _per s_ e a satisfactory ground, we run the risk of
turning the rules prescribing time into dead letters. It would be observed in
breach. It would be all too simple for a party to run to a judge to ask for
indulgence because of oversight. The need for finality must be borne in mind.

23 In any event, the 5th to 9th defendants could have applied for leave to
file and serve the appeal documents out of time given that the Notice of
Appeal was filed within time. No reason was provided to explain the 5th to 9th
defendants’ omission to make such an application.

24 Furthermore, I did not see how the explanation for the lapse in filing the
appeal documents could be a valid excuse for the delay in bringing the
application to set aside the Judgment. It is to be noted that the appeal
lapsed on 19 April 2010 but the application by the 5th to 9th defendants to
set aside the Judgment was only filed on 9 September 2010. Indeed, according
to the 5th to 9th defendants, they claimed to have “inklings of doubt” as
regards the authenticity of the evidence as early as December 2009.[note: 13]
They tried to explain the delay by claiming that they encountered difficulties
in procuring some documents:[note: 14]

...the 5th to 9th Defendants encountered difficulties when they tried to find
other documents pertaining to National. This was because, in April 2009, Ching
Kwong Hoong (KY Ching’s youngest brother) moved all documents pertaining to
National from National’s office to the office of Kwong Soon Engineering
company Pte Ltd, on the pretext of clearing the debris in National’s
office...when [the 5th to 9th Defendants] started searching for National’s
documents in December 2009 after doubt had been triggered, they realised they
no longer had access to those documents because Ching Kwong Hoong, Sally,
George Ching Chew Foon (Sally’s step-brother) and Alan ran Kwong Soon
Engineering Pte Ltd.

25 This, in my view, was not a convincing reason. It was all along open to the
5th to 9th defendants to apply to court for assistance in procuring the
relevant documents. Indeed, O 24 r 6 of the Rules of Court allows for the
application for discovery of documents before the commencement of proceedings.

26 Although I have found the purported reasons for the 5th to 9th defendants’
absence from trial and the late application to be wholly unconvincing, and
some even to be disingenuous, it would still be necessary to examine the
allegations of fraud raised by the 5th to 9th defendants. The statement of law
propounded in _Su Sh-Hsyu_ that the predominant consideration in deciding
whether to set aside a judgment under O 35 r 2 is the reason for the
defendant’s absence was intended to be of general application. The situation
is quite different when the application is founded on actual fraud. In this
regard, the authorities are clear that a judgment obtained by fraud cannot be
allowed to stand, as Denning LJ observed in _Lazarus Estates Ltd v Beasley_
[1956] 1 QB 702 at 712:

No court in this land will allow a person to keep an advantage which he has
obtained by fraud. No judgment of a court, no order of a Minister, can be
allowed to stand if it has been obtained by fraud. _Fraud unravels
everything_. The court is careful not to find fraud unless it is distinctly
pleaded and proved; but once it is proved, it vitiates judgments...

[emphasis added]

27 Indeed, the Court of Appeal in _Su Sh-Hsyu_ at [65] endorsed Denning LJ’s
observations and set aside the judgment even though the reasons furnished by
the applicant to explain her absence were found to be unconvincing. Here, Mr
Hri Kumar, counsel for the plaintiff, sensibly accepted that if there is clear
and egregious fraud, delay would not be an obstacle. As such, there was a need
to examine the specific allegations of fraud made by the 5th to 9th defendants
in relation to the 1st defendant’s evidence in respect of each of the trust
assets.

Irreparable prejudice

28 As a matter of principle, it is uncontroversial that the unavailability of
any key witness to a re-trial is typically a bar to setting aside a judgment
whether regularly obtained or obtained in default. This principle is
illustrated by the decision of the Manitoba Court of Queen’s Bench in _Bank
Canadian National v Krause and Krause_ (1979) 2 Man R (2d) 221 (“ _Bank
Canadian_ ”) at [14] – [16]:

[14] Since mere delay need not be a bar to the application unless there is an
irreparable injury, I turn now to a consideration of the prejudice that the
plaintiff might suffer if the default judgment is set aside...

[15] _There is...[a] matter of concern to which there is no satisfactory
answer_. _I refer to the intervening death of Mr. Krause_. He was a co-
defendant, and it is apparent that he would have been a key witness. The loans
at issue related to his businesses, and it is clear from the affidavits of the
applicant that, if a trial of the action were to take place, Mr. Krause's
evidence would be required to establish facts and to assess credibility.

[16] Counsel for the applicant has argued that since Mr. Krause was a co-
defendant, it is her client and not the plaintiff who would be prejudiced. I
cannot accept that argument. It is wrong to assume that Mr. Krause's evidence
would only benefit his co-defendant. Examinations for discovery, and cross-
examination of Mr. Krause might well have been of great assistance to the
plaintiff. To deprive the plaintiff of these rights would be most unfair. _For
this reason, I find that there is a real and substantial risk of irreparable
injury to the plaintiff in setting aside the judgment_.

[emphasis added]

29 The case of _Bank Canadian_ concerned a default judgment and it applied
with greater force in the present case which concerned a regular judgment
obtained following a trial. From the decision, it was clear that real and
substantial _risk_ of irreparable prejudice to the plaintiff would generally
be sufficient to preclude the setting aside of the judgment.

30 In the Judgment, the 2nd defendant was found to have held the following
assets on trust for KK Ching:

(a)

One share in KK Holdings;

(b)

117,374 shares in National Aerated;

(c)

32,000 shares in Seng Heng Realty – this company was subsequently wound-up on
or about 1996 and a sum of $2,113,398.18 was received from the liquidation of
these shares; and

(d)

$1 million cash.

31 Before examining the allegation of fraud in respect of each of the assets
listed above, it is useful to set out some relevant information to place the
entire case in its proper context. First, at all material times, the plaintiff
had openly asserted that the 2nd defendant held the above trust assets for KK
Ching. This was clearly stated in the letter of demand dated 28 April 2008,
the Statement of Claim and his AEIC at the trial. I observe here that the
plaintiff’s evidence was corroborated by the 1st defendant’s evidence both in
her AEIC and her oral testimony at the trial, as well as the 3rd defendant’s
testimony. I was, therefore, not concerned with a situation where findings
were made from evidence which had only emerged in the course of the trial.
These assertions were clearly stated from the outset even _prior_ to the
institution of the legal proceedings.

32 Subsequent to the pronouncement of the Judgment, the plaintiff passed away
through illness on 4 March 2010. It is obvious that any retrial, if ordered,
could no longer involve the participation of the plaintiff. The 5th to 9th
defendants recognised that the demise of the plaintiff was a serious
impediment to the application. To avoid any issue of irreparable prejudice,
the 5th to 9th defendants submitted that it was the 1st defendant who had
liedin her AEIC and at the trial in relationto the trust assets purportedly
held by the 2nd defendant. It should be emphasised that the 5th to 9th
defendants made no allegation of fraud against the plaintiff. Instead, they
submit that the plaintiff’s evidence was entirely based on what the 1st
defendant had told him about the trust assets held by the 2nd defendant, and
since the evidence of the 1st defendant was allegedly tainted by fraud, no
weight should be attached to the plaintiff’s evidence either.

33 However, the plaintiff’s evidence was not limited only to the information
provided to him by the 1st defendant. The plaintiff testified that he spoke to
the 2nd defendant who admitted to the existence of the 1982 and 1984 Trusts
and that the trust assets belonged to the plaintiff. This was very clearly
stated in [54] – [55] of his AEIC dated 5 October 2009 which have been
reproduced below for completeness:

54\. On or about 26 December, at my request, Sally arranged for me to meet
with Uncle Kwong Yew at the office of National Aerated Singapore at 1177
Serangoon Road. _At this meeting, Uncle Kwong Yew acknowledged and admitted to
me the existence of the 1982 Trusts and the 1984 Trusts_.

55\. _Uncle Kwong Yew further acknowledged and admitted that Uncle Kwong Yew’s
Trust Assets belonged, and ought to be returned, to me. Uncle Kwong Yew,
however, explained that he did not want to effect the transfer of Uncle Kwong
Yew’s Trust Shares to me immediately, and would do so only when he was ready_.
Thereafter, Uncle Kwong Yew changed the topic to something else, and our
meeting ended on that note. I was naturally disappointed that my attempt to
have the assets transferred back from Uncle Kwong Yew hit a brick wall.
However, at that time, I was still hopeful that Uncle Kwong Yew would
voluntarily return Uncle Kwong Yew’s Trust Assets to me, and therefore did not
want to anger him, or put him off, unnecessarily. Hence, I left the matter
alone for the time being.

[emphasis added]

34 The 5th to 9th defendants, however, alleged that the plaintiff’s discussion
with the 2nd defendant was in general terms and that no specific asset was
discussed. This was incorrect. In the plaintiff’s AEIC at [20(b)], he
identified all the assets which were held on trust by the 2nd defendant. In
any event, even if the discussion was in general terms without reference to
any specific asset, the 5th to 9th defendants were not able to identify what
other trust assets the discussion related to. This aspect of the plaintiff’s
evidence was not challenged at the trial and was also not challenged by the
5th to 9th defendants in the present application. Based on the plaintiff’s
evidence, the 2nd defendant had admitted to the existence of the trust assets
and that the trust assets _ought to be returned_ to the plaintiff, although he
told the plaintiff that he was not ready to transfer the assets at that time.
In my view, the plaintiff’s unchallenged evidence as regards the 2nd
defendant’s admission to the trust assets was _fatal_ to the 5th to 9th
defendants’ application. This was so even if I were to disregard the 1st
defendant’s evidence in its entirety. It was clear that the Judgment was in
part based on the unchallenged evidence of the plaintiff that the 2nd
defendant had acknowledged his obligation under the 1982 and 1984 Trusts:

27 Both the first defendant and the plaintiff testified that between 1999 to
2007, they met several times with the second defendant to recover Trust Assets
(B). On those occasions, _the second defendant acknowledged the existence of
both the 1982 Trust and the 1984 Trust in relation to Trust Assets (B_). The
second defendant acknowledged his obligation under the 1984 Trust but said
that he would transfer Trust Assets (B) back to the plaintiff when he was
ready without explaining when that would be accomplished.

28 In the light of the _unchallenged evidence_ , I am satisfied that the
second defendant was instructed by KK Ching in 1984 to hold Trust Assets (B)
(previously held on trust for KK Ching under the 1982 Trust) on behalf of the
plaintiff.

[emphasis added]

35 Finally, from the evidence, there could be no doubt that the 2nd defendant
did hold various assets on trust for KK Ching. The 3rd defendant in cross-
examination testified that at the request of the plaintiff, he met the 2nd
defendant and requested him to transfer the trust assets back to the plaintiff
and that the 2nd defendant did not deny that he held assets on trust for KK
Ching. The material portion of his evidence at the trial is reproduced in
verbatim below:

_NE p 108 dated 3 November 2009_

Q:Ms Ching Pui Sim said that she told you she was holding assets on trust for
Paul –

AYeah.

Q _And the 2 nd defendant confirmed that he was holding assets on trust for
Paul_.

A _Yeah_.

Q _So you do remember them telling you this?_

A _Yeah, they are holding assets for Paul_.

QThank you. Did you ask what these assets were?

ANo.

QAnd you did not enquire as to the circumstances behind this transfer?

AI never enquired.

[emphasis added]

36 There was no suggestion by the 5th to 9th defendants that the evidence of
the 3rd defendant was not truthful. Further the 3rd defendant also testified
that KK Ching had approached him to hold assets on trust but he refused:

_NE p 95 dated 3 November 2009_

QRight. So to clarify, the first time you became aware the transfers was
_(sic)_ after KK Ching had passed away.

AIn fact, KK wanted to transfer to me – I refused – before he died.

QMs Ching Pui Sim’s evidence is that you had told her that’s what KK wanted to
do, so can I just clarify, that prior to Mr KK Ching passing away, he did
approach you and asked whether you would hold shares on trust for him?

AHe did.

37 Thus the clear picture which emerged from the evidence was that KK Ching
wanted his relatives to hold assets on trust for him. This was the evidence of
the 1st, 3rd and 4th defendants. During the hearing before me, I quizzed Ms
Barker that if the 2nd defendant did not hold the above assets on trust for KK
Ching, then what other assets did the 2nd defendant hold on trust for him? She
was unable to provide any satisfactory explanation other than to say that the
burden was on the plaintiff to prove his case. However, it cannot be gainsaid
that the plaintiff had already proved his claims and had obtained judgment to
that effect. The burden was therefore on the 5th to 9th defendants to prove
otherwise. The 5th to 9th defendants were plainly unable to discharge this
burden given their case that no fraud was alleged against the plaintiff.

The ambit of the fraud exception

The law

38 It ought to be emphasised here, that the application before me was premised
solely on allegations of fraud. The 5th to 9th defendants did not submit that
the Judgment can or should be set aside on any basis other than fraud. During
the hearing, the parties were _ad idem_ on the following principles:

(a) The burden was on the applicant to prove that the Judgment was procured by
actual fraud.

(b) The fraud must strike at the root of the litigation. In other words, the
fraudulent evidence must be pivotal to the findings made by the trial judge.

39 Where the parties departed, as is often the case, was the proper
interpretation of the fraud exception. What is the level of proof required to
establish fraud in order to set aside an otherwise regular judgment? From my
review of the authorities, it was clear that errors short of fraud are
insufficient to set aside a regular judgment.

40 The requirements of establishing fraud in order to set aside a judgment
were succinctly summarised by the Supreme Court (Court of Appeal) of New South
Wales, Australia, in _Wentworth v Rogers (No. 5)_ (1986) 6 NSWLR 534 (per
Kirby J):

_First_ , the essence of the action is fraud. As in all actions based on
fraud, _particulars of the fraud claimed must be exactly given_ and the
allegations must be established by the _strict proof_ which such a charge
requires. _Jonesco v Beard_ [1930] AC 298, 301; _McHarg v Woods Radio Pty Ltd_
119481 VLR 496, 497.

_Secondly_ , it must be shown, by the party asserting that a judgment was
procured by fraud, that there has been a _new discovery_ of _something
material_ , in the sense that fresh facts have been found which, by themselves
or in combination with previously known facts, _would provide a reason for
setting aside the judgment_. See Lord Selborne LC in _Boswell v Coaks (No 2)_
(1894) 6 R 167. 170. 174: (1894) 86 LT 365. 366. 368: _Cabassi v Vila_ (1940)
64 CLR 130, 147; _McDonald v McDonald_ (1965) 113 CLR 529, 533; _Everett v
Ribbands_ (1946) 175 LT 143, 145, 146; _Birch v Birch_ [1902] P 130, 136,
137-8; _Ronald v Harper_ 119131 VLR 311, 318. This rule has an ancient
lineage. See eg _Shedden v Patrick_ (1854) 1 Macqueen 535, 615, 622; 26
Halsbury Laws of England (4th ed), para 560. It is based upon a number of
grounds. There is a public interest in finality of litigation. Parties ought
not, by proceeding to impugn a judgment, to be permitted to relitigate matters
which were the subject of the earlier proceedings which gave rise to the
judgment. Especially should they not be so permitted, if they move on nothing
more than the evidence upon which they have previously failed. If they have
evidence of fraud which may taint a judgment of the courts, they should not
collude in such a consequence by refraining from raising their objection at
the trial, thereby keeping the complaint in reserve. It is their
responsibility to ensure that the taint of fraud is avoided and the integrity
of the court's process preserved.

_Thirdly_ , mere suspicion of fraud, raised by fresh facts later discovered,
will not be sufficient to secure relief. _Birch v Birch_ [1902] P 130, 136,
139; _McHarg v Woods Radio Pty Ltd_ [1948] VLR 496, 498; _Ronald v Harper_
[1913] VLR 311, 318. The claimant must establish that the new facts are so
evidenced and _so material_ that it is reasonably probable that the action
will succeed. This rule is founded squarely in the public interest in finality
of public litigation and in upholding judgments duly entered at the
termination of proceedings in the courts.

_Fourthly_ , although perjury by the successful party or a witness or
witnesses may, if later discovered, warrant the setting aside of a judgment on
the ground that it was procured by fraud, and although there may be
exceptional cases where such proof of perjury could suffice, without more, to
warrant relief of this kind, the mere allegation, or even the proof of perjury
will not normally be sufficient to attract such drastic and exceptional relief
as the setting aside of a judgment; _Cabassi v Vila_ (1940) 64 CLR 130, 147,
148; _Baker v Wadsworth_ (1898) 67 LJ QB 301; _Everett v Ribbands_ (1946) 175
LT 143, 145, 146. The other requirements must fulfilled. In hard fought
litigation, it is not at all uncommon for there to be a conflict of testimony
which has to be resolved by a judge or jury. In many cases, of contradictory
evidence, one party must be mistaken. He or she may even be deceiving the
court. The unsuccessful party in the litigation will often consider that
failure in the litigation has been procured by false evidence on the part of
the opponent and the witnesses called by the opponent. If every case in which
such an opinion was held gave rise to proceedings of this kind, the courts
would be even more burdened with the review of first instance decisions than
they are. For this reason, and in defence of finality of judgments, a more
stringent requirement than alleged perjury alone is required.

_Fifthly_ , it must be shown by admissible evidence that the successful party
was responsible for the fraud which taints the judgment under challenge. The
evidence in support of the charge ought to be extrinsic. Cf _Perry v
Meddowcroft_ (1846) 10 Beau 122; 50 ER 529, 534, 535. It is not sufficient to
show that an agent of the successful party was convicted of giving perjured
evidence in the former proceeding, the result of which it is sought to
impeach. It must be shown that the agent, in so acting, was in concert with
the party who derived the benefit of the judgment. _Ronald v Harper_ [1913]
VLR 311, 318; _Sheddon v Patrick_ (1854) 1 Macqueen 535, 643.

_Sixthly_ , the burden of establishing the components necessary to warrant the
drastic step of setting aside a judgment, allegedly affected by fraud or other
relevant taint, lies on the party impugning the judgment. It is for that party
to establish the fraud and to do so clearly.

In summary, he or she must establish that the case is based on newly
discovered facts; that the facts are material and such as to make it
reasonably probable that the case will succeed; that they go beyond mere
allegations of perjury on the part of witnesses at the trial; and that the
opposing party who took advantage of the judgment is shown, by admissible
evidence, to have been responsible for the fraud in such a way as to render it
inequitable that such party should take the benefit of the judgment.

[emphasis added]

41 The Court of Appeal in _Su Sh-Hsyu_ made pertinent observations to
elaborate on the second requirement as stated by Kirby J (the second
requirement as stated above by Kirby J coincided with the first and second
requirements of _Ladd v Marshall_ [1954] 1 WLR 1489 (“ _Ladd v Marshall_ ”)).
Although the court would, in the interests of finality of judgments, generally
expect the applicant alleging fraud to adduce new evidence which could not
have been discovered at the time of trial with due diligence, this requirement
ought not to be imposed rigidly such as to cause injustice in a situation
where the fresh evidence uncovers fraud on the other party. Nonetheless, the
Court of Appeal emphasised that the fraud must strike at the very root of the
litigation (per V K Rajah JA at [36]):

...the court should always bear in mind that its overriding constitutional
remit and objective is to promote, dispense and achieve justice between the
parties as well as uphold public confidence in the even-handed observance of
the rule of law. This objective is entirely consistent with the policy of
_finis litium_. As Laddie J has astutely pointed out in _Saluja v Gill_ ([25]
_supra_), the justice of the case usually requires the _Ladd v Marshall_
conditions to be applied strictly because it would be unfair to repeatedly
subject a litigant to retrial merely upon the discovery of new evidence. In a
similar vein, _finis litium_ cannot be invariably and/or rigidly imposed to
such an extent that would allow a miscarriage of justice to go uncorrected. In
particular, where the fresh evidence uncovers the fraud or deception of the
other party, and such fraud **_strikes at the very root of the litigation_** ,
then, provided the second and third conditions in _Ladd v Marshall_ are
cumulatively satisfied, the court would, in exceptional circumstances, be
prepared to exercise measured flexibility in relation to the application of
the first _Ladd v Marshall_ condition (see [37] below). After all, a judgment
that is corrupted at its core by fraudulent conduct is tainted in its
entirety, and the whole must fail: _Hip Foong Hong v H Neotia and Company_
[1918] AC 888 at 894. However, we **_emphasise that the alleged fraud should
strike at the very root of the litigation_** in the sense that the fresh
evidence would be crucial to, or determinative of, the final outcome to be
ultimately reached by the court.

[emphasis added]

42 The requirement that the fraud must strike at the **_very root of the
litigation_** is reinforced by the House of Lords’ holding in _Boswell v
Coaks_ (No 2) (1894) 86 LT 365n at p 366 that there must be a “new discovery
of something **_material_**...that...would be a reason for setting the
judgment aside if it were established by proof”. Even before this requirement
is considered, however, the applicant has to first discharge its burden of
proving **_actual fraud_**. If this burden is not discharged, it would be
superfluous to consider whether the alleged fraud (that was not established)
struck at the root of the litigation. As emphasised by the English Court of
Appeal in _Patch v Ward_ (1867 – 68) LR 3 Ch App 203 at p 212 (per Sir John
Rolt LJ) (“ _Patch v Ward_ ”), this is not a burden to be taken lightly:

...the fraud must be actual positive fraud, a meditated and intentional
contrivance to keep the parties and the Court in ignorance of the real facts
of the case, and obtaining that decree by that contrivance. Mere constructive
fraud not originating in actual contrivance, but consisting of acts tending
possibly to deceive or mislead without any such intention or contrivance,
would probably not be sufficient...

43 As will be illustrated by the case authorities discussed below,
_dishonesty_ is the cornerstone of actual fraud (see also _United Overseas
Bank Ltd v Bebe bte Mohammad_ [2006] 4 SLR(R) 884 at [34]).

Actual fraud must be shown

44 The evidence presented by the party alleging fraud may, upon a proper
analysis, reveal a case of erroneous or misleading evidence short of fraud.
This would be so when the evidence was led erroneously without any dishonest
intention to mislead the court. The Malaysian High Court in _Seng Huat Hang
Sdn Bhd & Ors v Chee Seng & Co Sdn Bhd_ [1987] 1 MLJ 413 (“ _Seng Huat Hang_
”) held that the purported evidence of fraud in that case was at most
“misleading or even erroneous” but it fell short of actual fraud. Chee Seng &
Co Sdn Bhd (“Chee Seng”) had instituted proceedings against Seng Huat Hang Sdn
Bhd (“Seng Huat”) for possession of a number of bays comprised in various
godowns. Chee Seng stated in its Statement of Claim that it was the owner and
landlord of the godowns concerned, and that it was therefore entitled to
possession. Seng Huat admitted in its Defence that they were the tenants of
the godowns liable to pay monthly rent to Chee Seng, so long as Chee Seng was
able to acquire a Temporary Occupation Licence (“TOL”) from the Government of
Penang. Subsequent to the filing and service of the claim, Chee Seng’s
solicitors sent some correspondence to Seng Huat’s solicitors which were
apparently left unread. The correspondence actually showed that Chee Seng did
not have the requisite TOL. Subsequently Chee Seng applied for a consent order
in the Magistrate’s Court whereby Seng Huat was required to account for
monthly rent. Seng Huat’s solicitors consented on its behalf. Chee Seng’s
supporting affidavit averred that Seng Huat had admitted in its Defence that
they were liable to pay a monthly rent to Chee Seng. It appears that no
mention was made as regards the lack of the requisite TOL. On the date of
hearing, neither Seng Huat nor its solicitors were present and default
judgment for possession was duly entered in favour of Chee Seng.

45 Thereafter, Seng Huat discovered that Chee Seng did not possess the
requisite TOL. It applied for a declaration that the possession orders made by
the Magistrate’s Court had been fraudulently obtained by wilful concealment
from the court of the material fact that the State Authority did not issue the
TOL to Chee Seng, and that the orders were therefore null and void. The
Malaysian High Court found that the correspondence (which showed that Chee
Seng did not have the requisite TOL) sent by Chee Seng’s solicitors well
before the Magistrate Court action showed that there was no deliberate fraud
on Chee Seng’s part. In that context, Chee Seng’s failure to disclose its lack
of title was at most misleading or erroneous. In particular, Edgar Joseph Jr J
held:

I have already observed that the [correspondence] made it clear that [Chee
Seng]`s Temporary Occupation Licence had expired or, at the very least, should
have put [Seng Huat] on enquiry that this was so.

Yet, [Seng Huat’s] solicitors took no step whatsoever to write to the Land
Office for confirmation as to the date of its expiry. Had they done so, no
doubt, they would have been informed that it had expired on 31 December 1978
and had not since been renewed. What were the reasons for this inaction?

None was vouchsafed to this court, although during the argument counsel for
[Seng Huat] was queried by me on this very point.

In my opinion, the [correspondence] which were received by [Seng Huat’s]
solicitors, well before the hearing of the Magistrate`s Court Actions, puts
paid to the argument that the present defendant was guilty of a** _deliberate
fraud_** as alleged or at all. Although they were armed with the facts
appearing in the [correspondence], [Seng Huat] did nothing to verify their
contents or to amend their defence to challenge [Chee Seng’s] title to sue.

...having regard to the [correspondence], the failure on the part of [Chee
Seng] to disclose its want of title in the Magistrate`s Court Actions may, at
most, _have been misleading or even erroneous but it falls far short of the
requirements of deliberate fraud_ ...

It follows, therefore, that far from there being a strong case, there was not
an iota of evidence of fraud on the part of [Chee Seng] as alleged or at all.

[emphasis in italics added; emphasis in bold in original]

46 The observations above are consistent with the general principle stated by
the Malaysian Court of Appeal in _Chee Pok Choy & Ors v Scotch Leasing Sdn
Bhd_ [2001] 4 MLJ 346 (“ _Chee Pok Choy_ ”) that:

…a judgment may be impeached for deliberate fraud practised upon the court,
and it is insufficient to show that a litigant merely convinced the court
through _misleading or erroneous evidence_. Whether the test has been met in
any given case must, I think, depend on the facts and circumstances of the
particular case. [emphasis added]

47 The Malaysian Court of Appeal also endorsed the observations in _Satish
Chandra v Satish Kantha Roy_ [1923] AIR 73 at p 76 that mere suspicion or
conjecture is insufficient to establish fraud to set aside a judgment:

Charges of fraud and collusion like those contained in the plaint in this case
must, no doubt, be proved by those who make them - proved by established facts
or inferences legitimately drawn from those facts taken together as a whole.
_Suspicions and surmises and conjecture are not permissible substitutes for
those facts or those inferences_ …

[emphasis added]

48 In _Chee Pok Choy_ , the appellant-applicant’s evidence of fraud was not
challenged by the respondent. The court held that the trial judge had wrongly
decided that there was no fraud given that he did not investigate or
scrutinise the allegations of fraud, as he ought to have.

49 It was emphasised in _Price v Stone_ [1964] VR 106 (“ _Price_ ”) that there
must be something more than false evidence in order to establish actual fraud.
The Supreme Court of Victoria, Australia, held that a witness’s _accidental_
or _inadvertent_ swearing of false evidence does not amount to deliberate
fraud. In _Price_ , Mrs Stone had been a lodger at Mrs Price’s house, and had
placed several belongings in the latter’s home. After Mrs Stone moved out, she
claimed that she had left some furniture at Mrs Price’s place. At trial during
cross-examination, Mrs Stone stated that she did not sign a document which
purported to be a list of furniture which Mrs Price alleged was provided by
Mrs Stone as a receipt of the goods taken. Mrs Stone also testified during
cross-examination that she was not present when the movers came to load the
furniture, contrary to Mrs Price’s allegation. Judgment was granted in favour
of Mrs Stone.

50 Subsequently, Mrs Price applied to set aside the judgment on the ground
that Mrs Stone had committed perjury, as it appeared that the furniture movers
could give evidence to prove that Mrs Stone was present when they loaded the
furniture. The Supreme Court held that the _inadvertent_ giving of false
evidence at most goes to affect the _credibility_ of the witness; it does not
equate to deliberate fraud. To prove the latter, it must be shown that the
witness had a predetermined intention to mislead the court, which was not
found to be the case. Gillard J held (at 109 – 110):

...the action is for fraud, _something not merely incidental or accidental_ ,
but deliberate and intended...

...In my opinion, it is difficult in these circumstances to imply from false
evidence led from a party by the other party’s counsel [in cross-examination]
that there was a fraud on the court. _There must be something more than the
false evidence. The false swearing must be deliberate and designed, not merely
adventitious_ in the course of trial...

…If the carrier witnesses had been called to prove Mrs Stone was present when
the goods were loaded onto their truck, _such evidence could have reflected
greatly on Mrs Stone’s credit_ , but the ultimate issue would still have been,
did she receive the goods…

…the plaintiff must prove that a fraud was perpetrated on the court by Mrs
Stone. I do not believe the present plaintiff has demonstrated a likelihood of
doing this in these proceedings. Mrs Stone’s denials, if any, were probably
made casually, _without any predetermined intention to mislead the court_.

[emphasis added]

51 From the above, it is clear that _falsity_ due to inadvertence, without
more, does not amount to fraud.

52 It would seem that the Privy Council’s decision of _Hip Foong Hong v H
Neotia and Company_ [1918] AC 888 (“ _Hip Foong Hong_ ”) suggests the
principle that a party’s failure to adduce evidence to corroborate _the
opponent’s case_ does not amount to fraudulent conduct that taints a judgment.
In _Hip Foong Hong_ , the respondents had a dispute over a sale of goods
transaction with the appellants. The appellants sued the respondents for non-
delivery of goods, while the respondents alleged that the relevant contract
had already been terminated. After the appellants’ claim was dismissed, the
appellants filed a motion for a new trial of its action on the ground that the
judgment had been obtained by fraud. The appellants asserted that the
respondents had failed to adduce certain documentary evidence in their
possession which showed that there was an existing contract between the
parties at the material time.

53 The _corroborative_ nature of the undisclosed evidence is evident from Lord
Buckmaster’s explanation at p 892 that the undisclosed evidence added nothing
beyond a mere repetition of evidence that was already adduced by the
appellants, and that the evidence did not disclose any new fact:

It was alleged at the hearing that no other books existed beyond those
disclosed bearing on this matter; and it is plain that this book was
_material_ and should have been produced. It must, however, be remembered that
it _added nothing beyond a repetition_ of the statements made on February 17,
1913 - a circumstance which, as has already been pointed out, the learned
judge had fully and duly weighed in arriving at his conclusion, and _the
production of this book discloses no new fact_.

[emphasis added]

54 In the final analysis, the Privy Council was of the view that the
respondents’ failure to adduce the evidence did not amount to fraud. This was
so even though the evidence was found to be material.

55 Further, it is pertinent that the erroneous insistence on rights based on
an _opinion_ or an inference that was fairly and reasonably reached does not
amount to fraud either. This remained so even if it was subsequently found,
with hindsight, that the inference or opinion was overstated or overestimated.
This principle can be gleaned from the case of _Patch v Ward_ which concerned
two mortgages over a property. Ward was the solicitor for the second
mortgagee. In May 1847, a bill was filed by the first mortgagee for
foreclosure. In October 1847, the mortgagor signed an authority for the
tenants to pay to Ward their rents due. Ward would at times receive the rent
in his own name, and at times receive rent in the second mortgagee’s name.
Subsequently, Ward became the equitable owner of the first and second mortgage
by making payment to the first and second mortgagees. Although the payment to
the first mortgagee was funded by Ward, it was made in the second mortgagee’s
name such that it seemed that it was the second mortgagee who had redeemed the
first mortgage. Before an order absolute for foreclosure was made, a
supporting affidavit was filed in the second mortgagee’s name which stated
that the mortgagor has failed to make payment of the whole outstanding sum of
£6870 to the second mortgagee. An order absolute for foreclosure was made on
the strength of this affidavit. The mortgagor was absent during the
proceedings leading up to the order absolute as he was overseas.

56 Subsequently, the mortgagor sought to set aside the order for foreclosure
as having been obtained by fraud. According to the mortgagor, he had indeed
paid the sum of £161 as rent to Ward, and that this rent was received by the
second mortgagee. As such, the assertion in the second mortgagee’s affidavit
that the whole sum of £6870 was unpaid was false and untrue.

57 According to Ward’s case, he had become the equitable owner of the first
two mortgages when he made payment towards them. In addition, he had a third
equitable charge over the same property under a memorandum signed in October
1847 where the mortgagor agreed that Ward would receive payment of rent. Ward
had admitted to the receipt of £161 as rent, but he applied them not towards
the first or second mortgage, but towards the third equitable charge which he
obtained from the mortgagor.

58 The Court of Appeal held that Ward had acted on his own _opinion_ , and
that it was one which was fair and reasonable. Although Ward might have
insisted on rights which were subsequently found to be overstated, it did not
constitute fraud. Lord Cairns LJ held at pp 207 and 210:

I apprehend the fraud...must be fraud which you can explain and define upon
the face of a decree, and that ... _the insisting upon rights which, upon a
due investigation of those rights, might be found to be overstated or
overestimated_ , is not the kind of fraud which will authorize the Court to
set aside a solemn decision which has assumed the form of a decree signed and
enrolled...

... it might have been argued that _Ward_ , having legitimately become owner
of the first and second mortgages, and having an undisputed subsequent
equitable charge, had the right to tack his third charge to his first and
second, and to hold everything which the first and second gave him for the
purpose of procuring payment, as far as he could, also of his third charge,
and that if this receipt of rents was originally destined for the security of
payment of [the second mortgagee], Mr. _Ward_ by becoming the transferee of
[the second mortgagee] became also the transferee of the right to receive the
rents, and that as [the mortgagor] could have taken nothing away from _Ward_
without satisfying fully every part of every security which _Ward_ held,
_Ward_ would be justified in applying the rents subsequently received in
discharge, not of the first or second mortgage, but of the third. It is not
necessary to consider which of those two views must have prevailed, because,
in my opinion, _Ward might fairly entertain the opinion that the view upon
which he acted was the right and true view in point of law. I think it was an
opinion that any person, whether a professional man or not, might fairly be
supposed to entertain, and that it would be going far beyond any conclusion
which the Court is authorized to draw from the facts, to say that a person who
acted upon that opinion was influenced by any fraudulent motive or design
towards the mortgagor_.

[emphasis added]

59 In examining whether fraud was established, I adopted the principle of law
from my review of the cases that dishonesty is the cornerstone for fraud.
Indeed, the case authorities have shown that inadvertent errors in the
evidence, the drawing of wrong inferences, conjectures, lack of corroborative
evidence or even _false_ evidence (_ie incorrect_ evidence) short of actual
and deliberate fraud would not be sufficient to discharge the burden of proof.
To hold otherwise would mean that the 5th to 9th defendants would effectively
be permitted to proceed with the application as if it was an appeal. In the
cases where fraud was found to justify the setting aside of the judgment, they
typically involved objective evidence to establish actual fraud as in _Su Sh
Hsyu_ where the fresh evidence in the form of a scientific report from the
Health Sciences Authority (“HSA”) on its face suggested that the deposit slip
evidencing payment of the shares contained the genuine signature of the
respondent. The respondent who had alleged that he did not receive any
payment, however, did not adduce any evidence to contradict the findings by
the HSA. If the HSA report were established to be accurate, it would follow
that the respondent had perjured on the question of payment which went to the
root of the case. Furthermore, the high threshold in establishing fraud can
also be seen in the decision of _Chee Pok Choy_ , where the respondent was
found to have _actively concealed_ the fact that it was a licensed
moneylender. If the respondent’s status had not been concealed, it was
required under several statutory provisions to provide specific information
and particulars of the loan. The non-compliance of such provisions rendered
the respondent’s originating summons a nullity. The Court also found that the
respondent had _deliberately misled_ the court into making the relevant order
for sale. In such circumstances, actual fraud was established and the order
for foreclosure was consequently set aside. Likewise, the exceptional
circumstances of finding actual fraud can be seen in _SP Chengalvaraya Naidu v
Jagannath_ AIR 1994 SC 853 (“ _SP Chengalvaraya_ ”) where Jagannath had
purchased a property on behalf of Chunilal at a court auction. The latter had
obtained a decree against the appellants (judgment debtor), and the court sale
was made in execution of the said decree. The appellants paid the full
decretal amount to Chunilal. By a registered deed, Jagannath relinquished all
his rights in the property to Chunilal. However, without disclosing that he
had executed the release deed, Jagannath filed a suit for partition of the
property and obtained a preliminary decree. The appellants were not aware that
Jagannath had no _locus standi_ to file the suit as he had already executed a
registered release deed and relinquished his rights in the property to
Chunilal. In this regard, the _very basis_ for which the preliminary decree
was procured was found to be missing. The Supreme Court of India found that
there was “ _no manner of doubt_ ” that the situation was one of fraud which
was opined as “an act of _deliberate deception_ with the design of securing
something by taking unfair advantage of another”, and “ _a deception in order
to gain_ by another’s loss[;] ... _a cheating intended to get an advantage_ ”.
See _SP Chengalvaraya_ at [6]. The Supreme Court upheld the trial court’s
decision that the decree was obtained by fraud and was consequently a nullity.

60 In my view, there is a clear and rational reason for imposing such a high
standard of proof on an applicant such as the 5th to 9th defendants to
establish actual and deliberate fraud. In the usual course of events, if a
party is dissatisfied with a decision, typically an appeal is filed to prove
that it was wrongly decided. If fresh evidence is to be adduced in support of
the appeal, such an applicant is required to satisfy the stringent test laid
down in _Ladd v Marshall_. There can be no doubt that the 5th to 9th
defendants would not have satisfied the first requirement laid down in _Ladd v
Marshall_ given that the fresh evidence which they had sought to adduce to
prove the alleged fraud comprise essentially the share registers of the
companies which would have been available at the trial with the exercise of a
modicum of due diligence. It is also uncontroversial that although the civil
standard of proving on a balance of probabilities applies, the Court has a
higher expectation of proof when it comes to allegations as serious as that of
fraud, as was decided by the Court of Appeal in _Tang Yoke Kheng (trading as
Niklex Supply Co) v Lek Benedict and others_ [2005] 3 SLR(R) 263.

61 As I have observed above, the fact that the 5th to 9th defendants did not
challenge the plaintiff’s evidence was fatal to the application. That alone
was sufficient to dispose of the application. Nonetheless, I reviewed the
evidence in relation to each of the above trust assets and arrived at the
determination that the 5th to 9th defendants had failed to discharge their
burden to prove actual and deliberate fraud in respect of any of the trust
assets which the 2nd defendant was found to have held on trust for KK Ching.
The challenge mounted by the 5th to 9th defendants extended to each of the
assets which were found to be held on trust by the 2nd defendant for KK Ching.
They alleged that each of the findings was tainted by fraud. They sought to
rely on the following “ _fresh evidence_ ” to show that the Judgment was
procured by the “ _perjured evidence_ ” of the 1st defendant:

(a)

the financial journal for the year 1982 purportedly maintained by the 2nd
defendant;

(b)

the 1982 bank statement of the 2nd defendant’s account with Overseas Union
Bank Limited (“OUB”);

(c)

the share register of National Aerated;

(d)

certified true copies of documents extracted from the Accounting and Corporate
Regulatory Authority of Singapore (“ACRA”) relating to National Aerated, KK
Holdings and Seng Heng Realty; and

(e)

an affidavit of Chua Hwee Kiang who was the Liquidator of Seng Heng Realty.

62 It would be a misnomer to describe any of the above evidence as “ _fresh
evidence_ ”. All of them were either in the possession, custody and control of
the 2nd defendant at all material times (and consequently the 5th to 9th
defendants) or could have been made available without any difficulty. Further
in the course of the hearing, Ms Barker submitted that the 5th to 9th
defendants’ case in relation to Seng Heng Realty was clear and strong though
she accepted that their case in relation to KK Holdings and National Aerated
was not as strong.

KK Holdings

63 There were altogether four shares issued in KK Holdings. The 5th to 9th
defendants submitted that the one share in KK Holdings was not _transferred_
from KK Ching to the 2nd defendant in 1982 as alleged by the 1st defendant.
Instead, from the share register of KK Holdings adduced by the 5th to 9th
defendants, one share was _allotted_ to the 2nd defendant in 1982. It is
pertinent to note that at the same time one share was also _allotted_ to the
1st defendant. Nonetheless, the 1st defendant testified erroneously in [23] of
her own AEIC that KK Ching had _transferred_ his shares to various parties
which included the one share that was actually _allotted_ to her under the
1982 Trust. Therefore, taking the 5th to 9th defendants’ case at its highest,
at best the 1st defendant had merely made an error in using the word
“transfer” instead of “allot” in her evidence. Significantly, she made the
same error in respect of the one share which she acknowledged was held on
trust for KK Ching. In my view, the burden of proving fraud cannot be
discharged by pointing out the 1st defendant’s inadvertent use of imprecise
language.

64 The 5th to 9th defendants further alleged that apart from the allotted
share, the other share held by the 1st defendant in KK Holdings was
transferred to her by Ching Kwong Hoong and not by KK Ching, and that this
would suggest that the 1st defendant could not have held that share on trust
for KK Ching. If this were right, that would logically mean that the 1st
defendant also held one share in KK Holdings on trust for Ching Kwong Hoong.
However, to-date Ching Kwong Hoong (who is still alive) has notably not come
forward to claim the one share in KK Holdings. Further, the 4th defendant had
also admitted that she held the balance one share in KK Holdings on trust for
KK Ching. In fact this merely went to prove that all the four shares in KK
Holdings were at all material times held on trust for KK Ching. It was
probably no coincidence that KK Holdings bore the initials of KK Ching.

65 I therefore held that there was no fraud whatsoever in the evidence of the
1st defendant in relation to the one share in KK Holdings that I found was
held by the 2nd defendant on trust for KK Ching.

National Aerated Water Singapore Pte Ltd (referred to as “National Aerated”)

66 The 5th to 9th defendants’ case was that the 1st defendant’s evidence in
relation to National Aerated was fraudulent because the shares were not
transferred to the 2nd defendant in 1982. Instead, from the share register of
National Aerated, they were only transferred from KK Ching to the 2nd
defendant in 1985. To understand this error, it was necessary to note that it
was never disputed that KK Ching was the registered owner of 62,250 shares as
at 3 October 1981. At that time, the shareholding of National Aerated was as
follows:

(a)

2nd defendant – 35,000 shares;

(b)

KK Ching – 62,250 shares;

(c)

3rd defendant – 62,250 shares;

(d)

Ching Kwong Hoong – 62,250 shares;

(e)

1st defendant – 31,500 shares;

(f)

Ching Pui Harn – 31,500 shares; and

(g)

the Yap family – 194,250 shares

67 It was also not disputed that a rights issue (1 for 1 share) was made on 8
January 1982. KK Ching, like the other shareholders (except the Yap family who
did not subscribe), was allotted one share in National Aerated for every one
share owned. Consequently, KK Ching was issued with a further 62,250 shares. A
further 38,350 shares were allotted to KK Ching from an excess rights issue in
February 1982. On 15 October 1982, KK Ching transferred 62,250 shares to the
1st defendant to hold on trust for him. On 8 July 1985, KK Ching transferred
his balance 101,100 shares (a sum of 62,250 and 38850 shares) in National
Aerated to the 2nd defendant. Arising from the above, it could at best be said
that the 1st defendant made an error in stating that the transfer of KK
Ching’s shares in National Aerated to the 2nd defendant occurred in 1982
instead of 1985.

68 In 1989, the Yap family shares in National Aerated were acquired by the
Ching family and the 2nd defendant distributed the Yap family shares to the
members of the Ching family in proportion to their respective shareholdings in
the company. Following the acquisition, the 2nd defendant distributed 10,020
National Aerated shares to the 1st defendant in respect of the 62,250 shares
which she was holding on trust for KK Ching. A total of 16,274 shares were
proportionately distributed to the 101,100 shares held on trust by the 2nd
defendant for KK Ching, thus making the total number of shares held on trust
to be 117,374 shares (a sum of 16,274 and 101,100 shares).

69 Before me, the 5th to 9th defendants also sought to prove that the shares
owned by KK Ching in National Aerated were actually paid by the 2nd defendant
and hence the shares could not have been held on trust for KK Ching. This was
based on a journal maintained by the bookkeeper of the 2nd defendant. It was
unclear how this journal was relevant to the allegation of fraud, given that
the 5th to 9th defendants have not disputed the fact that at the time when the
plaintiff and 1st defendant gave evidence at the trial, they had no access to
the financial journal. More pertinently, I found that the entries in the
journal were inconclusive and at best equivocal. They certainly did not prove
that the National Aerated shares registered in KK Ching’s name were paid by
the 2nd defendant. In particular, the journal entry dated 12 January 1982
merely stated “NAWC [Rights Issue][note: 15]”, while the entry dated 11
February 1982 stated “NAWC (KK Ching Excess Shares)”. These entries do not
conclusively show that the 2nd defendant had paid for the 62,250 shares and
could equally be consistent with the 2nd defendant making payment on behalf of
KK Ching. In any event, the entry for “NAWC [Rights Issue]” reflected a
payment of $152,250, and not $62,250. Furthermore, with regard to the entry
which stated “NAWC (KK Ching Excess Shares)”, the very same language was used
in respect of the payment for the shares in the 6th defendant’s name, as the
journal entry also dated 11 February 1982 stated “NAWC ([Zhaoliang][note: 16]
Excess Shares)”; yet it was not asserted that the 6th defendant was holding
these shares on behalf of the 2nd defendant. Lastly, in view that both the 2nd
defendant and the bookkeeper have since passed away, the Court would not be
assisted on whether the journal was genuine, accurate or complete, and even on
the proper interpretation of the entries therein. As such, there remained
unresolved doubts on the reliability and accuracy of the journal. For example,
although the journal entry dated 20 April 1982 stated “NAWC [Change to
Cash][note: 17]”, there was no corresponding record of the 2nd defendant
liquidating his National Aerated shares during this period. This demonstrated
the questionable accuracy and completeness of the journal entries.

70 If KK Ching had indeed held his shares in National Aerated on trust for the
2nd defendant, KK Ching would be the only brother in the Ching family who had
no beneficial interest in the shares of National Aerated. The 5th to 9th
defendants were not able to provide any conceivable explanation to account for
this improbable discrepancy in the familial distribution of shares. In any
event, even if the shares had been paid by the 2nd defendant, this would at
most go to the merits of the 5th to 9th defendants’ case which properly
belonged as an issue for the trial or an appeal subject to compliance with the
test in _Ladd v Marshall_. Further, Mr Hri Kumar drew my attention to the 6th
defendant’s 2nd affidavit wherein he alleged that the 2nd defendant had
complained that the other members of the Ching family had not repaid him for
the monies spent for the Yap family shares. By their own case, the 2nd
defendant treated the payment as a loan to his family members which would
displace the contention that KK Ching had held the National Aerated shares on
trust for him. In my view, these allegations do not even come close to
establishing fraud in the evidence of the 1st defendant in relation to the
National Aerated shares.

$1 million cash

71 Put simply, the 5th to 9th defendants’ case was that no documentary
evidence was adduced by the plaintiff to prove the existence of the trust in
respect of the $1 million cash. The finding was based on the evidence of the
1st defendant. Since the evidence of the 1st defendant in relation to KK
Holdings and National Aerated was purportedly unreliable, her evidence in
relation to the $1 million should likewise be tainted.

72 In the present case, the 5th to 9th defendants contended that no
documentary evidence was adduced by the plaintiff to prove the existence of
the trust in respect of the $1 million cash. However, the production of any
such documentary evidence _would not have disclosed any new fact_. The only
function of any such documentary evidence would have been to _corroborate_ the
plaintiff’s position. It could hardly be said that the non-disclosure of
evidence which would not have disclosed any new fact could constitute actual
fraud. Furthermore, to the extent that the Privy Council in _Hip Foong Hong_
had opined that a party’s failure to disclose corroborative evidence to
support the _opponent’s case_ does not amount to fraud, it is all the more so
in the case of non-production of evidence to corroborate _one’s own case_.
This claim was asserted by the plaintiff from the very outset in the letter of
demand. The absence of corroborative evidence was apparent to the 5th to 9th
defendants from the outset. This point could have been raised at the trial and
the relevant witnesses (_ie_ the plaintiff and the 1st defendant) cross-
examined on it. The failure to produce corroborative evidence was not
tantamount to actual fraud.

73 In further support, the 5th to 9 defendants produced the 2nd defendant’s
UOB bank statements to show that there was no deposit of $1 million in 1982.
This was an argument on the merits which should and could have been raised at
the trial. In any event, the 5th to 9th defendants’ argument did not
inexorably lead to the conclusion that the evidence of the 1st defendant in
relation to the $1 million trust was necessarily fraudulent. During the
hearing, Ms Barker accepted that the 2nd defendant might well have other bank
accounts which have not been disclosed.

Seng Heng Realty

74 I come to the 5th to 9th defendants’ case in respect of the Seng Heng
Realty shares which Ms Barker described as their strongest case. They
submitted that the plaintiff’s evidence that KK Ching had transferred 32,000
shares in Seng Heng Realty to the 2nd defendant under the 1982 trusts was
fraudulent. They pointed out that since the company records showed that KK
Ching did not at any time prior to his death own any shares in Seng Heng
Realty, it was not possible for KK Ching to have transferred any shares in
Seng Heng Realty to the 2nd defendant.

75 The allotment of shares in Seng Heng Realty was a general familial
arrangement to distribute to each brother an approximately equal share in the
company. The shares were distributed in 1975 and the Ching brothers held
32,000 shares each but the 2nd defendant held twice the amount of shares which
totalled 64,001 shares. The 5th to 9th defendants offered no explanation as to
why KK Ching would be excluded from this familial arrangement, and why the 2nd
defendant would hold twice the amount of shares held by the other brothers
individually. The fact that the 2nd defendant was the original shareholder in
Seng Heng Realty did not explain the difference as Ching Kwong Lum, who was
the 1st defendant’s father and one of the original shareholders together with
the 2nd defendant, was distributed the same number of shares (32,000 shares)
as the other Ching brothers.

76 The 5th to 9th defendants submitted that the evidence of the 1st defendant
in [21] of her AEIC, where she explained that she became aware of the transfer
of shares (which included the Seng Heng Realty shares) in the course of
updating the register of shareholders for these companies, was false because
the shares in Seng Heng Realty were never registered in KK Ching’s name in the
first place and hence no question of transfer arose. It was therefore
suggested that if she had indeed updated the register of Seng Heng Realty, she
would have realised that KK Ching had not at any time held shares in Seng Heng
Realty. This allegation, however, presupposed that that was the only reason
the 1st defendant came to know of the trust assets including the Seng Heng
Realty shares held by the 2nd defendant. She had indeed come to know of the
trust assets from several other sources, none of which were challenged. The
1st defendant’s unchallenged evidence was that[note: 18]:

In the course of my dealings with KK Ching, I was informed by him that he had
also reached an agreement with the 2nd and 4th Defendants to respectively hold
the 2nd Defendant’s Trust Assets and the 5th defendant’s Trust Share on trust
for him, in the same way that he had asked me to hold the 1st Defendant’s
Trust Shares for him...

After the 1982 Trusts were created by KK Ching, KK Ching and I would on
occasion, in the presence of Paul, speak about the 1982 Trusts...These
conversations took place at KK Ching’s residence at 46 Nassim Road...

In addition, the 1st defendant also gave undisputed evidence that:

The 2nd Defendant also confirmed to both the 3rd Defendant and I that in or
around late 1982, he also received similar instructions from KK Ching to
terminate the 1982 Trusts and to create the 1984 Trusts under which the 2nd
Defendant held the 2nd Defendant’s Trust Assets for Paul until he reached 30
years of age...[note: 19]

During my discussions with the 2nd Defendant, between the period 1999 to 2007,
he acknowledged the existence of the 1982 Trusts and the 1984 Trusts, and his
obligations thereunder...I cannot now remember when exactly these discussions
took place, but am able to recall that it happened on several occasions, and
that they took place at the 2nd Defendant’s office.[note: 20]

77 The 2nd defendant received the sum of $2,113,398.18 on trust (referred to
as “Seng Heng monies”) after Seng Heng Realty went into voluntary liquidation.
The 5th to 9th defendants relied on an affidavit filed by Ms Chua Hwee Kiang
as liquidator in the voluntary liquidation of Seng Heng Realty which was filed
in response to a discovery order obtained by the plaintiff before the trial.
The 5th to 9th defendants purported to rely on Ms Chua’s affidavit to support
their contention that the 2nd defendant did not receive any part of the Seng
Heng monies. If it was not received by the 2nd defendant, then who received
it? Ms Chua’s statements in her affidavit provided no assistance to the 5th to
9th defendants. The affidavit only stated that Ms Chua did not have in her
possession, custody or power the documents evidencing the respective amount of
funds returned to each of the shareholders of Seng Heng Realty. Ms Chua
stopped short of saying that she has never seen them or that payments to the
shareholders of Seng Heng Realty never took place. I emphasise that the burden
was on the 5th to 9th defendants to prove that the 2nd defendant did not
receive the Seng Heng monies, and that any evidence which asserted otherwise
must necessarily be fraudulent or tainted with fraud. They did not discharge
this burden by simply raising the unlikely possibility that the Seng Heng
monies may not have been received by the 2nd defendant. If so, the monies must
be still in Seng Heng Realty but no evidence to that effect was adduced by the
5th to 9th defendants.

78 In the final analysis, I found that the 5th to 9th defendants had failed to
adduce sufficient or cogent evidence to establish fraud in relation to any of
the trust assets. In fact, the 5th to 9th defendants had referred to matters
which dealt with the merits of issues which have been conclusively decided,
rather than challenging the authenticity of evidence relied upon. The 5th to
9th defendants have also attempted to disguise a challenge on the sufficiency
of evidence as equivalent to a challenge to its authenticity. Any attempt to
reargue the merits of the case in the guise of allegations of fraud is, in my
view, an abuse of process. It was also obvious that the documents relied upon
by the 5th to 9th defendants, such as the company records of KK Holdings, the
share register of National Aerated and the doubtful financial journal
purportedly maintained by an unnamed bookkeeper for the 2nd defendant, had
existed at the time of the trial and were clearly accessible to the 5th to 9th
defendants either through their own means or through an application to the
Court. To set aside the Judgment would be tantamount to permitting the 5th to
9th defendants to challenge or disregard the evidence of the plaintiff. As he
had since unfortunately passed away, the prejudice to the plaintiff and now
his estate could not be compensated by any cost order.

79 Furthermore, in the stay application filed by the 5th to 9th defendants on
26 February 2010, it was stated in the supporting affidavit[note: 21] that
they have procured documentary evidence from the National Aerated Share
Register and the 1982 financial journal, to show that the transfer of shares
had allegedly taken place in 1985 instead of 1982, and that the shares issued
to KK Ching were paid for by the 2nd defendant. Although the _same arguments_
based on the _same documents_ (with regard to disputes over the shares in
National Aerated) were made as in the present application before me, the 5th
to 9th defendants conspicuously did not _make any allegation of fraud_ for the
stay application. Instead, in the same supporting affidavit, they merely
stated that they “verily believe that there are _merits_ to [their]
appeal”.[note: 22] In these circumstances, it was manifestly evident that even
the 5th to 9th defendants were themselves not convinced that there was fraud
involved notwithstanding their access to the purported “new evidence” in the
form of National Aerated’s Share Register and the 1982 financial journal. The
application to set aside the Judgment on grounds of fraud was clearly an
afterthought contrived as an attempt to revive the case after having allowed
their appeal to lapse. At the highest, by their own case, the “new” evidence
would merely establish that there might be some “merits” in their appeal.

Conclusion

80 One of the reasons proffered by the 5th to 9th defendants to explain their
absence from the trial was their lack of personal knowledge of the alleged
trusts and their belief that they “ _would be unable to make any meaningful
contribution to the proceedings_ ”. However, everything that they have now
alleged in their attempt to set aside the Judgment were matters which they
could have raised at the trial and, more importantly, when the plaintiff was
still alive. In the context of the required threshold to set aside the
Judgment, the 5th to 9th defendants were indeed unable to make any meaningful
contribution. They made a conscious and deliberate judgment call and “ _buried
their heads in the sand_ ” (see _Shocked_ at p 382) when they had the
opportunity to properly contest the claims. Under such circumstances, the
observations of Browne-Wilkinson VC in _Craddock v Barber_ [1986] CA (19
February 1986) that: “ _I [can] see no manifest injustice in not offering him
a second opportunity_ ”, are particularly apposite. To do the contrary would
result in manifest injustice to the plaintiff and now his estate.

81 Accordingly, I dismissed both applications with costs which I fixed at
$40,000 excluding disbursements.

* * *

[note: 1]5th to 9th defendants’ written submissions dated 23 November 2010 at
para [95].

[note: 2]6th defendant’s affidavit dated 9 September 2010 at para [92].

[note: 3]6th defendant’s affidavit dated 12 November 2010 at para [40].

[note: 4]6th defendant’s affidavit dated 12 November 2010 at para [35] and
[37].

[note: 5]_2nd defendant’s defence dated 9 October 2008 at para_[7].

[note: 6]_Ibid_ at para [9].

[note: 7]_Ibid_ at para [7].

[note: 8]6th defendant’s affidavit dated 12 November 2010 at para [35].

[note: 9]_Ibid_ at para [38].

[note: 10]_Ibid_ at para [39].

[note: 11]5th to 9th defendants’ written submissions at para [95].

[note: 12]5th to 9th defendants’ written submissions at para [25].

[note: 13]5th to 9th defendants’ written submissions at para [95].

[note: 14]5th to 9th defendants’ written submissions at para [96].

[note: 15]Original in Mandarin.

[note: 16]Original in Mandarin.

[note: 17]Original in Mandarin.

[note: 18]See 1st defendant’s AEIC dated 5 October 2009 at para 21(c) and 22.

[note: 19]_Ibid_ at [39].

[note: 20]_Ibid_ at [72].

[note: 21]Supporting affidavit of 6th defendant deposed on behalf of the 5th
to 9th defendants, dated 26 February 2010.

[note: 22]_Ibid_ at [3a].

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 28 Mar 2011 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

