Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Lim Mey Lee Susan _v_ Singapore Medical Council  
[2011] SGHC 131

Case Number| :| Originating Summons No 1252 of 2010  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 26 May 2011  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Philip Pillai J  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Lee Eng Beng SC, Tammy Low, Christine Huang and Elizabeth
Wu (Instructed counsel) (Rajah & Tann LLP) and Bernice Loo (Allen & Gledhill
LLP) for the plaintiff; Alvin Yeo SC, Melanie Ho, Lim Wei Lee, Sugene Ang and
Jolyn de Koza (Wong Partnership LLP) for the defendant; Chong Chin Chin and
Sharon Lim for the Attorney General's Chambers.  
Parties| :|  Lim Mey Lee Susan — Singapore Medical Council  
  
26 May 2011|  
---|---  
  
Philip Pillai J:

Leave Application

1 This was an application for leave under O 53 of the Rules of Court (Cap 322,
R 5, 2006 Rev Ed) (“ROC”) to apply for:

(a)

a Quashing Order against the decision of the Singapore Medical Council (“SMC”)
to appoint a Disciplinary Committee (“2nd DC”) to hear the disciplinary
proceedings relating to the purported overcharging of fees by the Applicant;
and

(b)

a Prohibiting Order prohibiting the SMC from taking any steps to bring
disciplinary proceedings against the Applicant on the subject of matters
covered by the charges in the Notice of Inquiry by the Disciplinary Committee
(“1st DC”) dated 20 July 2009 regarding purported overcharging of fees.

It should be noted that the Applicant has also applied, in the same
originating summons, for a Declaration that the Medical Registration
(Amendment) Regulations 2010 (S 528/2010) (“Amendment Regulations”) are void.

2 The Court of Appeal in _Public Service Commission v Lai Swee Lin Linda_
[2001] 1 SLR(R) 133 explained that the requirement of seeking the leave of
court (at [23]) was:

… intended to be a means of filtering out groundless or hopeless cases at an
early stage, and its aim is to prevent a wasteful use of judicial time and to
protect public bodies from harassment (whether intentional or otherwise) that
might arise from a need to delay implementing decisions, where the legality of
such decisions is being challenged. …

3 Leave is not granted unless the court is satisfied that: (a) the matter
complained of is susceptible to judicial review; (b) the applicant has
sufficient interest in the matter; and (c) the material before the court
discloses an arguable or _prima facie_ case of reasonable suspicion in favour
of granting the public law remedies sought by the applicant. Additionally, as
these orders are discretionary remedies, the court has a discretion to refuse
leave where the circumstances warrant a refusal (see _Singapore Civil
Procedure 2007_ (G P Selvam chief ed) (Sweet & Maxwell Asia, 2007) at para
53/8/22).

4 I noted the guidance provided by the Court of Appeal in _Pang Chen Suan v
Commissioner of Labour_ [2008] 3 SLR(R) 648 at [56]:

We should like to add by way of guidance to judges who hear _ex-parte_
applications for leave for judicial review that the purpose of requiring leave
is to enable the court to sieve out frivolous applications. A case such as the
present which clearly raises issues which require more than a cursory
examination of the merits should have been heard as a substantive application.
There is no reason why an _ex-parte_ application such as [the applicant’s]
could not have been heard _inter partes_ and disposed of on the merits as a
substantive application. ...

Both parties agreed that I could hear the leave application as well as the
substantive application in order to expedite the process and leave the parties
to file any appeal to the Court of Appeal thereafter.

5 The only question before me at this leave stage was whether the material
before me disclosed an arguable or _prima facie_ case in favour of granting
the public remedies. I noted what the Court of Appeal, in _Chan Hiang Leng
Colin v Minister for Information and the Arts_ [1996] 1 SLR(R) 294, had to say
on the meaning and scope of the phrases ‘a _prima facie_ case of reasonable
suspicion’ and ‘what might on further consideration turn out to be an arguable
case’ (at [22]):

This passage appears susceptible to two slightly different interpretations.
One is that the court should quickly peruse the material put before it and
consider whether such material discloses “what might on further consideration
turn out to be an arguable case”. The other is that the applicant had to make
out a “ _prima facie_ case of reasonable suspicion”. In our view, both tests
present a very low threshold and it is questionable whether there is really
any difference in substance between the two interpretations.

The Court of Appeal (at [25]) then ruled that what is required is not a _prima
facie_ case, but a _prima facie_ case of reasonable suspicion (see also _Teng
Fuh Holdings Pte Ltd v Collector of Land Revenue_ [2007] 2 SLR(R) 568).

6 That the decisions of the SMC, a creature of statute engaged in the
performance of public acts and duties, are susceptible to judicial review and
that the Applicant has sufficient interest in the matter were not disputed.
Accordingly, it was only necessary to consider if the material before me
raised a _prima facie_ case of reasonable suspicion in favour of granting the
public law remedies sought.

7 The Applicant averred that the decision of the SMC in appointing the 2nd DC
was illegal, irrational and procedurally improper (see _Council of Civil
Service Unions v Minister for the Civil Service_ [1985] AC 374 at 411 _per_
Lord Diplock, approved in _Chng Suan Tze v Minister of Home Affairs,
Singapore_ [1988] 2 SLR(R) 525). I will elaborate on each ground for judicial
review before considering if the material placed before me met the low
threshold of a _prima facie_ case of reasonable suspicion in favour of
granting the public law remedies sought.

8 At the outset, it should be clarified that the events in relation to this
application are governed by the Medical Registration Act (Cap 174, 2004 Rev
Ed) (the “MRA”), excluding, for the most part, the amendments enacted by the
Medical Registration (Amendment) Act (Act 1 of 2010).

Illegality

9 The Applicant averred that the SMC erred in law as it did not appoint the
2nd DC in accordance with s 41(3) of the MRA. Further, the SMC acted illegally
in excess of its jurisdiction under the MRA when it considered itself bound by
the terms of s 41(3) of the MRA and appointed the 2nd DC irrespective of the
merits of doing so. She averred that the SMC wrongly fettered its discretion
over whether to appoint another disciplinary committee (“DC”) by concluding
that it had no discretion over the matter.

10 The Applicant averred that under s 38(1) of the MRA, the SMC must establish
a Complaints Panel from which the Chairman of the Complaints Panel may appoint
the Complaints Committees (“CC”) and the SMC may appoint DCs. She argued that
it follows from this that there is no obligation on either the Chairman of the
Complaints Panel or the SMC to establish particular CCs or DCs. They each
possess discretion. In this case, she argued that the SMC upon receiving the
complaint must exercise its discretion in determining whether the complaint in
question is a complaint involving an allegation of professional misconduct or
conduct bringing the profession into disrepute such as to bring it within s
39(1) of the MRA. Only after so determining, may the SMC refer the complaint
to the Chairman of the Complaints Panel. It is further argued that where the
CC orders a formal inquiry to be held, s 41(3) of the MRA required that the
SMC shall immediately appoint a DC which shall hear and investigate the
complaint. It is argued that there is no power for the SMC to appoint more
than one DC in respect of a single order of the CC. Thus, as the CC had
determined that it was necessary for a formal inquiry by a DC on or before 17
November 2008, and in light of s 41 which requires the SMC to act in respect
of the order of the CC within a three month window, “it is far from clear that
such necessity prevailed in September 2010 given the differential evidential
basis post the 1st DC proceedings”. In short, it is argued that the SMC was
obliged in law to refer the complaint afresh to another CC.

Irrationality

11 The Applicant argued that this court should determine the question of
whether it would be _Wednesbury_ irrational for either the SMC, a fresh CC or
a DC to conclude that the complaint and charges amounted to allegations of
professional misconduct within s 39(1) of the MRA where there was a patient
agreement on the fees and there had been no operative prescribed schedule of
fees. It was argued that if the correct procedure of referring the complaint
afresh to a CC had been made, such CC would have resolved pursuant to s
41(1)(a) of the MRA that no formal inquiry was necessary. This argument is
being run in order to avoid such CC ordering a formal inquiry and the
appointment of a fresh DC. It is argued that the court should so rule in order
that the CC would be guided that it should confine its decision to either the
issue of a letter of advice, the issue of a warning or a dismissal of the
complaint. The CC should not proceed to order a formal inquiry by a DC,
because that would in the circumstances be _Wednesbury_ irrational, and would
avoid yet another round of challenge before the courts.

Procedural Impropriety or Fairness / Natural Justice

12 The Applicant averred that there existed bias or a reasonable suspicion of
bias such that the SMC’s decision to appoint the 2nd DC ought to be quashed.

13 On the issue of procedural impropriety or fairness / natural justice, the
Applicant referred, _inter alia_ , to the role and participation of the
Director of Medical Services of the Ministry of Health who is, by virtue of s
18 of the MRA, the Registrar of the SMC, in (i) the SMC’s decision to refer
the complaint to the Chairman of the Complaints Panel, (ii) in the appointment
and constitution of the 1st DC and (iii) the subsequent constituting of the
2nd DC. Given these multiple roles, and in the light of his prior role in the
genesis of this complaint and charges, it is submitted that he has a conflict
of interests and there is bias or a reasonable apprehension of bias on the
part of the SMC.

Whether the material before me raised a _prima facie_ case of reasonable
suspicion in favour of the public law remedies sought

14 Based on what was presented and submitted to me for the purposes of the
leave application, without making any decision relating to the substantive
legal issues and certainly without making any comments relating to the merits
of each party’s position in the underlying professional disciplinary
proceedings, I decided to grant leave for a substantive judicial review
hearing as I was of the view that the low threshold of an arguable or a _prima
facie_ case of reasonable suspicion in favour of the public law remedies
sought had been made out by the Applicant.

The Attorney-General’s Chambers’ disclosure

15 Counsel from the Attorney-General’s Chambers’ (“AGC”) (“the Attorney’s
counsel”), who had been served with the Originating Summons and the statement
in support, as prescribed by O 53, r 1(3) of the ROC, appeared before me and
disclosed that the Attorney-General, Mr Sundaresh Menon, had advised and
represented the Applicant as her private legal counsel in connection with the
proceedings before the disciplinary committees. Since then, Mr Menon has been
appointed Attorney-General, and he has, in the light of his prior role,
isolated himself completely from this matter.

**The Attorney-General’s Chambers’ application to intervene**

16 The Attorney’s counsel then applied for the AGC to intervene as a party to
represent the Ministry of Health, Singapore (“MOHS”) for the following
purposes: (a) on the construction and history of reg 42 of the Amendment
Regulations; (b) the construction of the MRA provisions; and (c) to put on
record the circumstances why MOHS was duty bound to refer the complaint to the
SMC in the light of the Applicant’s submissions as to bias.

17 The Applicant had submitted that reg 42 and the Amendment Regulations were
contrary to natural justice and were directed at her. I was of the view that
the AGC would be able to assist the court in the legislative history and
timing of reg 42 and the Amendment Regulations. However, recognising that this
is a judicial review hearing based entirely on the record, whilst the MOHS may
have an interest in these proceedings, I did not see any public interest
arising from the construction of the MRA and its policy and purposes to
support allowing the AGC to intervene in these proceedings on behalf of MOHS
on the construction of the MRA. The courts regularly construe legislation and
Parliament’s intention without the further need for the AGC to intervene as a
party to the proceedings on behalf of the relevant department or ministry in
cases where that department or ministry is not a party to the court
proceedings. With respect to the Applicant’s submissions on bias, in this
judicial review hearing on the record, the court makes no factual findings or
determinations on the underlying substance or merits. The limited scope of
these proceedings is whether there had been illegality in the process,
_Wednesbury_ irrationality or procedural impropriety / a natural justice
breach.

18 Therefore, I did not fully grant the AGC’s application to intervene as a
party in the substantive judicial review hearing. I granted only its
application to intervene in the substantive judicial review hearing in respect
of the Applicant’s application to declare that reg 42 and the Amendment
Regulations are void.

Conclusion

19 I gave leave to the Applicant to apply for the remedies described above
(see [1]). I ordered that the costs of this application were to be costs in
the cause.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 26 May 2011 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

