Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  UBS AG _v_ Telesto Investments Ltd and others and another matter  
[2011] SGHC 170

Case Number| :| Originating Summons No 1160 of 2010 (Registrar's Appeal No 59
of 2011), Suit No 801/2010 (Registrar's Appeal No 58 of 2011)  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 14 July 2011  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Steven Chong J  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Hri Kumar SC, Shivani Retnam, James Low and Charmaine
Chiu (Drew and Napier LLC) for the plaintiff; Eddee Ng (Tan Kok Quan
Partnership) for the defendant.  
Parties| :|  UBS AG — Telesto Investments Ltd and others  
  
14 July 2011| Judgment reserved.  
---|---  
  
Steven Chong J:

Introduction

1 The two appeals before me (Registrar’s Appeal No 58 of 2011 and Registrar’s
Appeal No 59 of 2011) relate to the issue as to which of the two
jurisdictions, _ie_ , Singapore or Australia, is the more appropriate forum to
hear and decide the dispute between the parties arising from a customer-banker
relationship.

2 The thrust of the plaintiff’s case in the Singapore proceedings lies in
contract where it claims for payment due under various contracts entered with
the first and second defendant respectively (see [10], [12] and [17] below).
The defendants, on the other hand, have commenced proceedings in Australia
against the plaintiff for, _inter alia_ , damages based on “deceptive” or
negligent misrepresentation. Counsel for the defendants conceded at the
hearing that the defendants’ claim in Australia could essentially be mounted
as a defence to the plaintiff’s claim in Singapore. In other words, the
Singapore proceedings mirror the Australian proceedings. However, the
defendants claimed that based on certain perceived advantages arising from
some Australian legislation, _ie_ , the Australian Securities and Investments
Act 2001 (Cth) (“ASIC Act”), or alternatively, ss 68 and 72 of the Fair
Trading Act 1987 (NSW), or alternatively, ss 99–100 of the Fair Trading Act
1989 (Qld) (“the FTAs”) (collectively known as the “Australian Acts”), their
prospects of success in Australia are purportedly enhanced.

3 This decision will, _inter alia_ , examine whether this factor of perceived
juridical advantage, even if true, would be sufficient to displace the natural
forum if it is determined to be Singapore instead of Australia. In addition, I
will also consider the issue of whether the natural forum of a contractual
claim can be displaced by the natural forum of a tort of misrepresentation, on
the assumption that the natural fora for the contractual and misrepresentation
claims are different, when the latter is in essence a defence to the
contractual claim. Finally, I will examine the interplay of the principles
governing stay applications with those governing anti-suit injunctions to
determine whether such an injunction should be granted even if the stay is
refused.

Background Facts

Dramatis Personae

4 The plaintiff in Suit No 801 of 2010 (“S 801/2010” or the “Singapore
Proceedings”) and Originating Summons No 1160 of 2010 (“OS 1160/ 2010”) is UBS
AG. Although UBS AG is named as the plaintiff in both S 801/2010 and OS
1160/2010, parties have made submissions by reference to UBS Singapore, which
is the Singapore branch of UBS AG and carries on business in Singapore. For
the avoidance of doubt, this judgment will employ the term “UBS AG
(Singapore)” whenever the Singapore branch of UBS AG is referred to.

5 Telesto Investments Limited (“Telesto”) is an underlying company of the Dog
Star Trust which is a purpose trust registered in Jersey, the Channel Islands.
On 3 December 2007, Telesto opened an account, _ie_ , Account No [xxx] (“the
Telesto account”, “its account” or “the account” as the case may be) with UBS
AG (Singapore).

6 Scott Francis Tyne (“Mr Tyne”), on the other hand, is a director and the
controlling mind of Pole Star Funds Management Pte Ltd (“Pole Star”) which, at
all material times, was in charge of Telesto’s discretionary investment. Mr
Tyne was, at all material times, identified by Telesto (in the minutes of its
directors’ meeting) as the sole beneficial owner of the assets in the
account.[note: 1] He was also the guarantor of all the obligations and
liabilities of Telesto owing to UBS AG (Singapore), pursuant to a continuing
guarantee and indemnity dated 26 September 2008 (“the Guarantee”) in favour of
UBS AG (Singapore).

7 Telesto and Mr Tyne are the first and second defendants of both S 801/2010
and OS 1160/2010.

8 ACN 074 971 109 Pty Ltd, the third defendant in OS 1160/2010, is the trustee
of the Argot Unit Trust (“Argot”) which is also a customer of UBS AG, having
opened an account, _ie_ , Account No [xxx] (“the Argot account”) on or about 4
June 2010 with UBS AG (Singapore). Mr Tyne was, at all material times, the
director of Argot and the sole beneficial owner of the assets under the Argot
account. Therefore, at all material times, the common denominator of Telesto,
Pole Star and Argot was Mr Tyne. The three defendants are hereinafter
collectively referred to as “the defendants”.

9 As an application for a stay of proceedings and/or for an anti-suit
injunction typically involves an examination of the connections that the
_relevant issues_ of the dispute bear to each jurisdiction for the
determination of the natural forum, a careful and detailed analysis of the
facts giving rise to the present dispute is essential.

The events leading up to the commencement of S 801/2010

(1) Telesto’s account and the relevant account documents

10 Telesto’s account was booked in Singapore and was serviced by UBS AG
(Singapore). The account is subject to the terms and conditions (“T&Cs”) of
the following documents, collectively referred to as the “Account Agreement”:

(a)

Account Mandate dated 13 November 2007;

(b)

Risk Disclosure Statement dated 13 November 2007;

(c)

Charge Over Assets dated 13 November 2007;

(d)

Master Placing Agreement dated 2 June 2008;

(e)

UBS AG (Singapore’s) account T&Cs, as supplemented or modified by:

(i)

the account T&Cs; and

(ii)

investment services T&Cs.

(f)

Special Risks in Security Trading (Asian version).

11 Documents (a) to (d) above were issued by UBS AG (Singapore) and were
signed by the directors or authorised signatories of Telesto in Jersey.
Documents (e) and (f) are the standard T&Cs as incorporated in the Account
Agreement by, _inter alia_ , the Account Mandate.

(2) Telesto’s facilities provided by UBS AG (Singapore)

12 UBS AG (Singapore) extended to Telesto, by way of a Credit Services
Notification Letter (“CSNL”) dated 12 December 2007 which was subsequently
revised by CSNLs dated 13 February 2008, 1 June 2008 and 1 August 2008, the
following facilities:

(a)

a Short Term Overdraft Facility with a limit of US$60 million;

(b)

an Exchange Traded Derivative Trading Facility with a maximum risk limit of
US$100,000; and

(c)

an OTC Foreign Exchange and Precious Metal Derivatives Trading Facility with a
maximum risk limit of US$100,000.

It is not disputed that Telesto executed the CSNLs in respect of the above
facilities (“the Facilities”) and is bound by the T&Cs set out therein.

13 The following are governed by Singapore law and contain (non-exclusive)
jurisdiction clauses in favour of Singapore:

(a) Pursuant to cl 19.1 of the account T&Cs (General Conditions), the account
and Facilities are “governed by and construed in accordance with the law of
the country in which the relevant Account is booked [_ie_ , Singapore law] and
[Telesto] irrevocably and unconditionally submits to the non-exclusive
jurisdiction of the courts of [Singapore]”;[note: 2]

(b) Pursuant to paras 27.1 and 27.2 of the Guarantee,[note: 3] the Guarantee
is “governed by and to be construed in all respects in accordance with, the
laws of Singapore. [Mr Tyne] hereby submits to the non-exclusive jurisdiction
of the Singapore courts and such other jurisdictions as [UBS AG] may deem
fit”.

(3) The events leading to the Standstill Agreement between UBS AG (Singapore)
and Telesto

14 Pursuant to the CSNLs, Telesto utilised the facilities to, _inter alia_ ,
purchase various investments (“the Investments”) for its account. The
Investments were secured by Telesto by way of a Charge Over Asset which, in
turn, included the Investments and all other assets in the account (“the
Collateral”). Notably, the Investments included bonds issued by certain
Kazakhstan financial institutions, including Bank Turan-Alem (“BTA Bank”) and
Astana Finance (“Astana”) (collectively the “Kazakh Bonds”).

15 It is undisputed that UBS AG (Singapore) had sent Telesto periodic
statements and confirmations reflecting the purchase of the Investments and
other transactions carried out under the Account Agreement. The periodic
statements and confirmations were retained by UBS AG (Singapore) in Singapore
at its Retained Mail unit pursuant to Telesto’s mailing instructions of 13
November 2007 when it signed the Account Mandate.[note: 4] Telesto did not
dispute the statements or confirmations at any material time. Pursuant to cl
2.1 of the account T&Cs,[note: 5] Telesto undertook to inform UBS AG
(Singapore) promptly and in any event, within 14 days from the date of such
confirmation, and, within 90 days from the date of such statements (as
applicable), of any discrepancies, omissions, credits or debits wrongly made
to or inaccuracies or incorrect entries in the account or the contents of each
confirmation or statement or the execution of any order. Failing which, upon
the expiry of the 14 days, UBS AG (Singapore) may _deem_ Telesto to have
_approved_ the original statements as sent by UBS AG (Singapore) to Telesto
and in which case, Telesto shall be _deemed conclusively_ to have _accepted_
all the matters contained in such confirmation and statement without any
further proof that the account is, and all entries therein and the execution
of all the transactions are correct. Further, UBS AG (Singapore) shall be free
from all claims in respect of the Account and all such transactions save for
unauthorised transactions which have resulted from the forgery, fraud or
negligence of UBS AG (Singapore) and/or any of its employees. UBS AG
(Singapore), relying on _RBS Coutts Bank Ltd_ v _Shishir Tarachand Kothari_
[2009] SGHC 273, submitted that in the light of cl 2.1 of the account T&Cs,
Telesto is deemed to have agreed to the Investments.

16 In or about September 2008, the value of the Collateral decreased due to
market deterioration. Consequently, a margin shortfall occurred in the
account. In or around 24 September 2008, Mr Tyne travelled to Singapore to,
_inter alia_ , meet with the representatives of UBS AG (Singapore) to discuss
how to deal with the margin shortfall. Mr Tyne requested UBS AG (Singapore)
not to liquidate the Collateral and agreed to furnish additional security by
way of, amongst other things, the Guarantee.

17 Mr Tyne executed the Guarantee in Singapore on or about 26 September 2008.
UBS AG (Singapore) and Mr Tyne, who was acting behalf of Telesto, further
agreed to negotiate a standstill agreement on the basis that in return for UBS
AG (Singapore) not exercising its right to (amongst other things) liquidate or
request for more collateral, Telesto would arrange for additional collateral
and repay the Total Liabilities, _ie_ , “all moneys, obligations and
liabilities now or at any time due, owing or incurred by [Telesto] to [UBS
AG], anywhere, whether on the account, or in respect of the Facilities or any
instructions or otherwise, in whatever manner, and actual or contingent,
present or future, and whether as principal debtor or as surety, including
(but not limited to) all principal moneys, interest at such rates as may from
time to time be payable by [Telesto], fees, charges and all expenses” (see cl
1 of the account T&Cs (General Conditions)).

18 Pursuant to cl 11.2 of the account T&Cs, Telesto was to maintain at all
times sufficient Collateral for the Facilities as determined by UBS AG
(Singapore) in its sole discretion. UBS AG (Singapore) may, from time to time,
require additional collateral to meet the required margin for the Facilities
(“Required Margin”). As at 28 October 2008, there remained a shortfall of US$
28,159,607 in the Required Margin.

19 As no standstill agreement was reached with Mr Tyne, UBS AG (Singapore)
issued Telesto a Notice of Margin Call dated 29 October 2008[note: 6]
requesting that Telesto “immediately deposit additional Collateral, or, if
applicable, terminate or deal with transactions booked in [Telesto’s] account,
in each case in order to restore the Required Margin” (“the Margin Call”).
Unfortunately, Telesto did not meet the Margin Call. Under cll 13.2 and 13.3
of the account T&Cs (General Conditions),[note: 7] the Total Liabilities
became immediately due and payable. Telesto and Mr Tyne, however, continued to
request UBS AG (Singapore) not to liquidate the Collateral or make further
margin calls or call for further collateral. The negotiations for a standstill
agreement continued.

20 On or about 22 December 2008, UBS AG (Singapore) wrote to Mr Tyne stating
that “the Required Margin not been re-established[,] [a]s a result thereof, a
Default Event has occurred and consequently, the full amount of the Total
Liabilities became immediately due and payable to [UBS AG (Singapore)]”.[note:
8] However, “in recognition of [Mr Tyne’s] full co-operation to date and
provided that (a) there [was] no default in any of the Collateral; and (b)
there [was] no shortfall in the interest due under the account verses coupon
payments under the Collateral, [UBS AG (Singapore) would] suspend enforcement
of its rights under the Account Agreement for the time being”. In the
meantime, negotiations to finalise the terms of a standstill agreement
continued.

21 On or about 23 April 2009, UBS AG (Singapore) proposed in writing the terms
of a standstill agreement. Telesto was to confirm it by signing and returning
a copy of the letter to UBS AG (Singapore). However, this proposed standstill
agreement was not signed by Mr Tyne on behalf of Telesto.[note: 9]

22 On or about 28 April 2009, BTA Bank defaulted on two of its debt facilities
which, in turn, triggered a default under the Collateral which was partly
constituted of BTA Bank bonds as defined below:

(a)

Telesto’s EUR denominated 6.25% Turanalem Finance-Euro Medium-Term Notes
2006-27.09.2011 (ISIN XS0269267000); and

(b)

Telesto’s GBP denominated 7.125% Turanalem Finance-Senior Notes
2006-21.12.2009 (ISIN XS0279181662).

23 UBS AG (Singapore), by a letter dated 6 May 2009,[note: 10] demanded that
Telesto make payment of €6.8 million and £2.35 million which represented the
notional value of the BTA Bank bonds no later than 11 May 2009. This was
because:

(a) Telesto had not returned a countersigned copy of the proposed standstill
agreement.

(b) BTA Bank’s default had led to a default of the Collateral.

(c) UBS AG (Singapore)’s understanding or agreement with Telesto to defer the
enforcement of its rights was contingent on the absence of default under any
of the Collateral including BTA Bank bonds.

24 By a separate letter dated 6 May 2009 to Mr Tyne,[note: 11] UBS AG
(Singapore) called on the Guarantee.

25 Telesto and Mr Tyne failed to make any payment. They informed UBS AG
(Singapore) that they would not be able to make up for the expected default by
BTA Bank. Instead, they asked UBS AG (Singapore) to resume negotiations for a
standstill agreement and to accept alternative collateral. UBS AG (Singapore)
agreed to suspend enforcement of its rights under the Account Agreement for
the time being.

26 A standstill agreement was finally entered into between UBS AG (Singapore)
and Telesto, the terms of which are set out in the letter from UBS AG
(Singapore) dated 14 December 2009. The letter of offer was signed by UBS AG
(Singapore) in Singapore. It was countersigned and accepted in Jersey by
Telesto on 31 December 2009 (the “Standstill Agreement”).[note: 12]

(4) The Standstill Agreement

27 Under the Standstill Agreement, in consideration of UBS AG (Singapore)
agreeing not to liquidate the Collateral or to make further margin calls or
call for further Collateral until 31 March 2011 or an event of default,
whichever is the earlier, under the Account Agreement, Telesto agreed, _inter
alia_ , to the following conditions (“the Conditions”):

(a) Apply all cash flows generated by the Collateral towards the repayment of
the Total Liabilities (as the term is defined in the Account Agreement);

(b) Provide and/or procure the following in favour of UBS AG (Singapore) in
support of the Total Liabilities by 31 December 2009:

(i) the deposit and custody of all shares in one XS Platinum Inc held by
Telesto (“Share Deposit”);

(ii) an assignment of all proceeds from an action in the Supreme Court of
Victoria in which Argot had an interest (“Litigation Proceeds”) in the form of
a Deed of Assignment by way of Mortgage (“Deed of Assignment”);

(iii) a letter of undertaking from Argot (“Letter of Undertaking”); and

(iv) an overview of the assets and liabilities of Mr Tyne and his beneficially
owned entities, duly signed by Mr Tyne.

(c) For the time period starting on 19 January 2009 until 18 July 2009, pay
interest at a rate of two percent (2%) per annum above UBS AG (Singapore)’s
cost of funds. Thereafter, and until further notice, the applicable rate of
interest will be reduced to 1.5% per annum above UBS AG (Singapore)’s cost of
funds.

28 The Standstill Agreement further reserved the rights of UBS AG (Singapore)
under, _inter alia_ , the Account Agreement and provided that the Standstill
Agreement shall terminate upon the occurrence of, _inter alia_ , any of the
following events of default:

(a) Telesto fails to meet the Conditions (“Event of Default 1 under the
Standstill Agreement”);

(b) Telesto or Argot fails to comply with any of the obligations pursuant to
the Letter of Undertaking (“Event of Default 3 under the Standstill
Agreement”); or

(c) In the reasonable opinion of UBS AG (Singapore), a material adverse change
occurs in Telesto’s financial condition or operating environment or any event
occurs or circumstances arise which causes UBS AG (Singapore) to believe that
Telesto may not or may be unable to perform or comply with any one or more of
its obligations (“Event of Default 5 under the Standstill Agreement”).[note:
13]

29 On or about 31 December 2009, pursuant to the Standstill Agreement, UBS AG
(Singapore), Telesto and Argot entered into a Deed of Assignment[note: 14]
under which, _inter alia_ , Argot agreed to assign the Litigation Proceeds as
security for Telesto’s liabilities under the account.

30 On or about 28 January 2010, pursuant to the Standstill Agreement, Mr Tyne
executed a Letter of Undertaking on behalf of Argot.[note: 15] Under this
Letter of Undertaking:

(a) Argot undertook to open an account (_ie_ , the Argot account) with UBS AG
(Singapore) as soon as practicable but in any event before 31 December 2009
[_sic_].

(b) Argot undertook to charge all and any assets held within the Argot account
as a continuing security in favour of UBS AG (Singapore) to secure Telesto’s
liabilities to UBS AG (Singapore) as soon as practicable but in any event
before 31 December 2009 [_sic_].

(c) Argot agreed to apply the Litigation Proceeds directly to the Argot
account towards repayment of Telesto’s liabilities.

31 On or about 14 May 2010, Mr Tyne caused the Argot account to be
opened.[note: 16] The Argot account was activated by UBS AG (Singapore) on 4
June 2010.[note: 17] Mr Tyne was the only authorised email user and
representative of the Argot account.[note: 18] As with Telesto’s account, the
Argot account is booked in, and serviced by UBS AG (Singapore). It is subject
to, _inter alia_ , the express terms and/or conditions of the account and is
governed by Singapore law and subject to the _exclusive_ jurisdiction of the
Singapore courts.

(5) The events of default

32 Between 31 December 2009 and October 2010, the following events of default
under the Standstill Agreement occurred:

(a) Telesto failed to provide and/or procure the Share Deposit. This
constituted an Event of Default 1 under the Standstill Agreement (see [28]
above).

(b) Argot failed to execute a charge over all or any assets held within the
Argot Account. The Argot Account remained an unfunded account (see Statement
of Account as of 5 November 2010).[note: 19] This constituted an Event of
Default 3 under the Standstill Agreement (see [28] above).

33 Telesto’s Australian solicitors, Messrs Eakin McCaffery Cox, by a letter
dated 8 October 2010 (“Eakin’s letter”), made various claims against UBS AG in
relation to, _inter alia_ , the Kazakh Bonds.[note: 20] By reason of Eakin’s
letter, UBS AG (Singapore) formed the opinion that Telesto may not or may be
unable to perform or comply with any one or more of its obligations. This
constituted an Event of Default 5 under the Standstill Agreement.

34 On or about 11 November 2010, UBS AG issued a conclusive certificate of
indebtedness dated 11 November 2010 (“UBS AG’s certificate”)[note: 21]
certifying, amongst other things, that “by reason of [Events of Default 1, 3
and 5 under the Standstill Agreement], UBS AG formed the reasonable opinion
that events and circumstances had arisen which caused UBS AG to believe that
Telesto may not (or may be unable to) perform or comply with any one or more
of their obligations under the Standstill Agreement”. By reason of the Events
of Default 1, 3 and 5, the Standstill Agreement was terminated.

The Singapore Proceedings

35 By a letter dated 15 October 2010, UBS AG (Singapore) furnished a notice of
termination of the Standstill Agreement to Telesto in the light of the
occurrence of the Events of Default 1, 3 and 5 under the Standstill Agreement,
and that the Total Liabilities (as at 14 October 2010) in the sum of
US$12,619,499.56 was immediately due and payable, and demanded payment.[note:
22]

36 By a letter dated 15 October 2010, UBS AG (Singapore) also demanded from Mr
Tyne, as guarantor under the Guarantee, payment of the Total Liabilities as at
14 October 2010.[note: 23]

37 To the best of the knowledge of UBS AG (Singapore), no Litigation Proceeds
have to-date been paid to Argot. Therefore, UBS AG (Singapore) only demanded
payment from Telesto and Mr Tyne. Neither has made payment to date.

38 In the light of the foregoing, on 15 October 2010, UBS AG commenced S
801/2010[note: 24] against Telesto and Mr Tyne, _inter alia_ :

(a) to recover the Total Liabilities; and

(b) for a declaration that the defendants are estopped from asserting, and/or
have compromised, any claims or defences they may have arising out of, or in
relation to, the Investments and/or Total Liabilities, including but not
limited to, the acquisition or management of the Investments and/or the Total
Liabilities.

39 The writ was served on Telesto in Jersey on 5 November 2010 and on Mr Tyne
in Sydney (through his solicitor from Eakin McCaffery Cox) on 14 December
2010.

The Australian Proceedings

40 On 2 November 2010, after the commencement of the Singapore Proceedings,
the defendants filed Summons and Commercial List Statement proceedings number
2010/363808 in the Supreme Court of New South Wales against UBS AG’s branch in
Australia (“the Australian Proceedings”).[note: 25] The defendants then filed
an Amended Summons and Amended Commercial List Statement (“the Australian
pleadings”) on 17 December 2010.[note: 26]

41 From the defendants’ affidavits filed in the Singapore Proceedings as well
as their Australian pleadings, the defendants have sought to deny liability on
several fronts, _inter alia_ , as below:

(a) First, they alleged that in or around mid 2007, Mr Tyne, acting on behalf
of Pole Star, advised UBS AG that Pole Star was the investment manager of
Telesto’s investment portfolio but had limited authority and required express
authority of Telesto to invest in securities other than “investment grade”
debt securities. This conversation purportedly took place over the phone
between Mr Tyne (acting on behalf of Pole Star) and one Mr Steven Betsalel
(“Mr Betsalel”) who was an officer of UBS AG. It was claimed that Mr Betsalel
had advised Mr Tyne that UBS AG would procure Telesto to execute documents
authorising Pole Star to operate the accounts, credit facilities and trading
lines with UBS AG on behalf of Telesto;[note: 27]

(b) Secondly, they alleged that the Kazakh Bonds were purchased as a result of
certain misrepresentations made orally by Mr Betsalel and one Mr Edward
Farrell (“Mr Farrell”), on behalf of UBS AG, to Mr Tyne (on behalf of Pole
Star) and Telesto by way of a number of phone calls made in late 2007;[note:
28]

(c) Thirdly, they alleged that UBS AG owed fiduciary duties to Telesto in
relation to the account and breached the same by acting as advisers to BTA
Bank. BTA Bank defaulted on payment of coupons owed to bond holders, including
those under the BTA Bank bonds owned by Telesto. They claimed that the
decision of BTA Bank to default was on the advice given by or with the
concurrence of UBS AG.[note: 29]

42 In the Australian Proceedings, the defendants claim, _inter alia:[note:
30]_

(a) A declaration that the investment transactions purportedly entered into
between 14 January 2008 and 11 February 2008, (_ie_ , the Kazakh Bonds) were
entered into by UBS AG (Singapore) without Telesto’s authority such that they
were not transactions done by or on behalf of Telesto.

(b) An order that, each of the following, _viz_ , the Facilities, Mortgage,
the Guarantee, the Revision Letter (_ie_ , the Standstill Agreement), the
Trust Mortgage (_ie_ , the Deed of Assignment) and the Letter of Undertaking,
be declared _void ab initio;_ or alternatively be declared void from a date to
be determined by the court; or alternatively UBS AG be restrained from taking
any action to enforce any right or entitlement arising under any such
instrument.

(c) Damages.

(d) Damages or compensation pursuant to ss 12 GF or 12 GM of the ASIC Act
(Cth), or alternatively, ss 68 and 72 of the Fair Trading Act 1987 (NSW) or
alternatively ss 99–100 of the Fair Trading Act 1989 (Qld).

(e) Equitable compensation.

43 The writ for the Australian Proceedings was served on UBS AG (Australia)’s
office in Sydney, Australia on 3 November 2010 prior to the service of the
Singapore writ on Telesto in Jersey on 5 November 2010. The slight delay in
the service of the Singapore writ, given that it was filed on 15 October 2010,
was probably due to the fact that Telesto’s previous solicitors in Singapore,
Messrs CTLC Law Corporation, did not agree to accept service on Telesto’s
behalf. Thus, UBS AG (Singapore) had to apply to serve the writ on Telesto out
of jurisdiction.[note: 31]

The Stay Applications and the Anti-Suit Injunction

44 On 11 November 2010, UBS AG (Singapore) filed an application for an anti-
suit injunction in OS 1160/2010 against the defendants in respect of the
Australian Proceedings.

45 On 21 December 2010, Telesto filed Summons No 5910/2010 to stay the
Singapore Proceedings in favour of the Australian Proceedings. On 10 January
2011, Mr Tyne filed Summons No 83/2011 to stay the Singapore Proceedings in
favour of the Australian Proceedings (collectively “the stay applications”).

46 All three applications were heard by an Assistant Registrar (“the AR”) on
21 February 2011. The AR dismissed Telesto and Mr Tyne’s stay applications and
granted an anti-suit injunction against the defendants from continuing the
Australian Proceedings.

Registrar’s Appeal No 58/2011 and Registrar’s Appeal No 59/2011 (“the
Appeals”)

47 Registrar’s Appeal No 58/2011 is an appeal brought by Telesto and Mr Tyne
against the decision of the AR to dismiss their stay applications.

48 Registrar’s Appeal No 59/2011 is an appeal brought by the defendants
against the AR’s decision to grant an anti-suit injunction in OS 1160/2010
against them from continuing the Australian Proceedings.

49 At the start of the hearing of the Appeals, I directed counsel for the
defendants, Mr Eddee Ng (“Mr Ng”) to first proceed with his appeal in relation
to the stay applications brought by Telesto and Mr Tyne. This was because, in
the present circumstances where two fora have been chosen as the place of
litigation by the plaintiff (on one hand) and Telesto and Mr Tyne (on the
other), if I decide that stay of the Singapore Proceedings should be granted
on the ground that Singapore is not the more appropriate forum to try the
matter, the appeal against the AR’s decision to grant anti-suit injunction
would, logically, be allowed. The converse, however, is not true. The fact
that Singapore is the natural or more appropriate forum to hear the dispute
_per se_ does not mean that the anti-suit injunction must necessarily be
ordered. There are other requirements for UBS AG to establish, _eg_ , that the
Australian Proceedings are vexatious and/or oppressive, to justify the
granting of an anti-suit injunction.

RA 58/2010: The appeal against the refusal of the stay applications

50 Parties were generally _ad idem_ as regards the principles governing the
stay applications on the basis of _forum non conveniens_ , _viz_ , the
principles laid down in _Spiliada Maritme Corporation v Cansulex Ltd_ [1987]
AC 460 (“ _Spiliada_ ”). Where parties expectedly differ is when applying the
test, they arrived at opposing conclusions as to whether Singapore or
Australia is clearly or distinctly the more appropriate forum.

51 It was common ground between the parties that _Spiliada_ laid down a two-
stage test to determine whether a stay of proceedings ought to be granted:

(a) Stage one: The legal burden of proof falls on the defendant to demonstrate
that there is some other available forum, having competent jurisdiction, in
which the case may be tried more suitably for the interest of all parties and
the ends of justice. If the court is satisfied, at this stage of the inquiry,
that there is no other forum which is clearly and distinctly more appropriate
than Singapore to try the matter, it will ordinarily refuse a stay.

(b) Stage two: If the Singapore court is satisfied that there is another
available forum which is more appropriate to try the matter, the burden is
then on the plaintiff to show special circumstances by reason of which justice
requires that the stay of the Singapore Proceedings should nonetheless be
refused.

Stage one of the Spiliada test

52 Under stage one of the _Spiliada_ test, the defendants bear the burden of
proving that Australia is clearly or distinctly the more appropriate forum to
try the dispute between the parties. In this regard, the court would
invariably examine the connecting factors which the dispute bears to each of
the two competing jurisdictions. These factors include:

(a)

general connecting factors such as residence of the parties and location of
the relevant witnesses or documents;

(b)

the jurisdiction in which the cause of action accrued;

(c)

choice of law or applicable law (_ie_ , whether the choice of law clause in
the contract was exclusive, and if not, which law should be applied to the
claims in tort and equity); and

(d)

the effect of the concurrent proceedings before the foreign court.

(see _Rickshaw Investments Ltd and another_ v _Nicolai Baron von Uexkull_
[2007] 1 SLR(R) 377 (“ _Rickshaw_ ”) at [15] and [23]).

53 The list of connecting factors is not closed and much will depend upon the
precise factual matrix of each case (see _JIO Minerals FZC and others v
Mineral Enterprises Ltd_ [2011] 1 SLR 391 (“ _JIO Minerals”_) at [41]).
However, as the threshold is that the natural forum is _prima facie_ clearly
more appropriate to try the case, connections which have no or little bearing
on the adjudication of the issues in dispute between the parties will carry
little weight (see _Halsbury’s Laws of Singapore on Conflicts of Law_ , Vol
6(2) (Lexis Nexis, 2009) (“ _Halsbury’s Laws of Singapore on Conflicts of
Law”_) at para 75.090 as cited in _JIO Minerals_ at [41]).

54 In considering the natural forum of the dispute, it is not the mere
personal or geographical connections that are decisive as there must be _some
legal significance_ in each of the connecting factors. As such, the numerical
preponderance of personal or geographical connections _per se_ is not by any
means conclusive (see _Yeoh Poh San & another v Won Siok Wan_ [2002] SGHC 196
at [17]–[18]). Each connecting factor cannot be analysed _in vaccuo_ but must
instead be examined in the context of the issues in dispute between the
parties.

55 With these settled principles in mind, it is perhaps apposite to set out
the key issues that arise from both the Singapore and the Australian
Proceedings as it would assist in the determination of the natural forum.
Given that the defendants have not filed their Defence in the Singapore
Proceedings, the Australian Proceedings are relevant insofar as it provides a
clear indication of the defendants’ position as regards their potential
defence and their (counter)claim(s) against UBS AG.

(1) Jurisdiction in which cause of action accrued and the applicable law of
the issues in dispute

56 It is clear that UBS AG’s claims in the Singapore Proceedings against the
defendants are made pursuant to various contractual documents:

(a)

the claim for the Total Liabilities (as at 14 October 2010) against Telesto is
based on the Account Agreement, the CSNLs and the Standstill Agreement; and

(b)

the claim for the Total Liabilities (as at 14 October 2010) against Mr Tyne is
based on the Guarantee.

Noteworthy is that Telesto’s account with UBS AG (Singapore) from which the
Total Liabilities (as at 14 October 2010) became due was booked in Singapore
and serviced by officers of UBS AG (Singapore). Each of the contractual
documents was issued by UBS AG (Singapore).

57 It is immediately apparent (see [42]–[44] above) that the issues raised by
the defendants in the Australian Proceedings are essentially in the nature of
defences to avoid liability to the claims brought by UBS AG in the Singapore
Proceedings. By juxtaposing the respective positions of UBS AG and the
defendants, it is clear that the _ultimate issue_ hinges upon whether UBS AG
is entitled to repayment of the Total Liabilities (as at 14 October 2010)
under the contractual documents (listed at [10], [12], [17], [27] and [28]
above) or whether the defendants are entitled to rescission or damages[note:
32] in respect of the investment in the Kazakh Bonds. Simply put, they are two
sides of the same coin.

58 In response to each of the points raised by the defendants in the
Australian Proceedings (see [41]–[42] above), counsel for UBS AG, Mr Hri Kumar
(“Mr Kumar”), relied on provisions of the contractual documents to address
them. Specifically, Mr Kumar submitted that by reason of the conclusive
evidence clause, the _deemed acceptance_ of the statements and confirmation
(see [15] above), and to the execution of the Standstill Agreement, the
defendants have either ratified the alleged unauthorised transactions and/or
have waived their rights to challenge the Kazakh Bonds. For instance, it was
Mr Kumar’s submission that under the terms of the T&Cs of the Risk Disclosure
Statement, UBS AG is not responsible for any advice or recommendations it
might have given to Telesto in relation to any Investments, including the
Kazakh Bonds. In addition to that, Telesto had agreed that UBS AG was not
acting as a fiduciary and/or adviser in respect of the Kazakh Bonds. The
relevant T&Cs can be found in the following documents:

(a)

Clauses 1(a), (b), (d), (e), (f) and Clause 17 of the Risk Disclosure
Statement;[note: 33]

(b)

Clause 7.1 of the Account Mandate;[note: 34]

(c)

Clauses 2, 4, and 7 of the Master Placing Agreement;[note: 35]

(d)

Clauses 2, 4 and 7 of the Investment Services T&Cs, Securities Placement
Services;[note: 36] and

(e)

Clauses 167–183 of the Special Risks in Securities Trading (Asian
Version).[note: 37]

In other words, UBS AG’s causes of action against Telesto and Mr Tyne
respectively were accrued in Singapore by virtue of the account and Guarantee
which gave rise to the customer-banker relationship between the parties being
operated and serviced in Singapore.

(2) The existence of non-exclusive jurisdiction clauses in favour of Singapore

59 Mr Kumar submitted that several non-exclusive jurisdiction clauses in
favour of Singapore can be found in the Account Agreement:

(a)

clause 19.1 of the account T&Cs (General Conditions);[note: 38]

(b)

paragraph 27.2 of the Guarantee;[note: 39]

(c)

clause 18.1 of the Charge Over Assets;[note: 40] and

(d)

other documents such as:

(i)

Declaration by Account Holder(s) for access to UBS e-banking services;[note:
41]

(ii)

Instruction and authorisation to give information by e-mail;[note: 42]

(iii)

Foreign Exchange, Precious Metal and Option Transactions Agreement;[note: 43]
and

(iv)

Exchange Traded Option Facility Agreement dated 2 June 2008.[note: 44]

It was his submission that the presence of jurisdiction clauses in favour of
Singapore, _albeit_ non-exclusive, in the bulk of the contractual
documentation clearly evinced an intention on the part of the parties that any
dispute arising from the Account Agreement should be heard in Singapore.

60 Mr Ng, on the other hand, submitted that the focus of the defendants’ case
on the lack of authority issue is based on the understanding/agreement reached
between Mr Betsalel and Mr Tyne (whereby Mr Betsalel allegedly represented
that he would procure the necessary authorisation from Telesto for Pole Star
such that the latter could purchase non-investment grade securities) is
independent of any contractual documents entered into between UBS AG
(Singapore) and Telesto and Mr Tyne. Therefore the existence of the non-
exclusive jurisdiction clauses is irrelevant.[note: 45] Mr Ng pointed out that
the defendants’ claim against UBS AG for misrepresentations (for instance, the
status of Kazakhstan banks) and for breach of fiduciary duties are matters
which fall outside any contractual documents entered into between the parties.
In fact, he submitted that _all_ of the defendants’ claims, in any event, fell
outside the ambit of the composite governing law and non-exclusive
jurisdiction clause in the Account Agreement. For reasons as explained in more
detail in [79]–[81] below, these issues raised by the defendants cannot
justifiably be detached from its contractual context.

(3) Choice of law clauses

61 The law chosen by the parties to govern their contractual relationship is
also a significant factor in determining the appropriate forum. In _Rickshaw_
, the Court of Appeal observed at [42]:

42 Choice of law issues are relevant even to a question of jurisdiction. The
relevance of choice of law considerations in a _jurisdictional_ enquiry
regarding the "natural forum" lies in the general proposition that where a
dispute is governed by a foreign _lex causae_ , the forum would be less adept
in applying this law than the courts of the jurisdiction from which the _lex
causae_ originates. While it is true that the courts of a country (for
example, Singapore courts) can apply the laws of another country (for example,
German law) to a dispute, there will clearly be savings in time and resources
if a court applies the law of its own jurisdiction to the substantive dispute.
Hence, choice of law considerations can be a significant factor in determining
the appropriate forum to hear a dispute.

[emphasis in original]

62 In this regard, it is beyond debate that the governing law of the
contractual documents is Singapore law:

(a)

clause 19.1 of the Account Agreement;[note: 46]

(b)

paragraph 27.1 and 27.2 of the Guarantee;[note: 47] and

(c)

paragraph 10 of the Letter of Undertaking. [note: 48]

63 It is noteworthy that, save for Argot’s Letter of Undertaking which
stipulates Victorian law as the governing law, _none_ of the other material
contractual documents provide for Australian law as the governing law.

64 Although the Standstill Agreement did not expressly stipulate any governing
law, I agree with Mr Kumar that it would also be governed by Singapore law. As
expressed by the Court of Appeal in _JIO Minerals_ at [79]:

79 It is well established that a three-stage approach is applied to determine
the governing law of a contract (see, for example, the decision of this court
in _Pacific Recreation Pte Ltd v S Y Technology Inc_ [2008] 2 SLR(R) 491
("_Pacific Recreation_ ") at [36]). At the first stage, the court considers if
the contract expressly states its governing law ("the Express Law"). If the
contract is silent, the court proceeds to the second stage and considers
whether it can infer the governing law from the intentions of the parties
("the Implied Law"). If the court is unable to infer the parties' intentions,
it moves to the third stage and determines the law which has the closest and
most real connection with the contract ("the Objective Law").

It bears mentioning that the Standstill Agreement is not a standalone
contract. Instead, it was executed to supplement and/or modify the rights and
obligations of the parties under the Account Agreement. In fact, it was
expressly provided in cl 7 of the Standstill Agreement that “the arrangements
set forth [t]herein... are _without prejudice to [UBS AG (Singapore)’s] rights
under the Account Agreement, which remained reserved_ ”.[note: 49] In my view,
it is clear that the parties intended the Standstill Agreement to be governed
by the same law which governs the Account Agreement, _ie_ , Singapore law,
given the origin and purpose of the Standstill Agreement.

65 In any event, it is also clear that Singapore law has the closest and most
real connection with the Standstill Agreement. First, some of the negotiations
for the Standstill Agreement took place in Singapore. Secondly, the place of
performance for the defendants’ obligations under the Standstill Agreement,
such as the Share Deposit and application of the cash flows generated by the
Collateral towards repayment of the Total Liabilities, are to take place in
Singapore. Thirdly, the Guarantee, which was entered into pursuant to the
Standstill Agreement, was executed by Mr Tyne in Singapore. Finally, the
Letter of Undertaking executed by Argot pursuant to the Standstill Agreement
provided for the exclusive jurisdiction of Singapore.

66 In the face of the obvious contractual connections of the claim to
Singapore, it was not surprising that Mr Ng conceded during the hearing of the
Appeals that Singapore was clearly the natural forum for the determination of
UBS AG’s claims under the various contractual documents against the
defendants.

(4) Location and compellability of witnesses

67 From the perspective of UBS AG (Singapore)’s contractual claim, all its
witnesses to establish its claim are located in Singapore. On the other hand,
the principal issues raised by the defendants centre on questions of fact
which revolve around certain conversations between Mr Tyne and Mr Betsalel/Mr
Farrell. To rebut the factual allegations as regards Telesto’s lack of
authority to purchase non-investment grade securities and the
misrepresentations made in relation to the status of the Kazakhstan banks (see
[41] above), all of which were purportedly made over the telephone, Mr Ng
submitted that the evidence of Mr Betsalel and one Ms Anna McCeery (Mr
Betsalel’s direct supervisor) on the following issue would be critical:

(a)

whether representations were made to Pole Star/Mr Tyne as to the procuring of
the necessary authorities to cure their lack of authority to enter into non-
investment grade securities on behalf of Telesto;

(b)

the procedures which UBS AG had in place to get proper authorisation for a
client such as Telesto (which was evidently a trust company);

(c)

whether UBS AG had indeed failed to procure the necessary authorities; and

(d)

whether Telesto, Pole Star and/or Mr Tyne were advised of the failure to
procure the necessary authorities.

68 Notably, Mr Betsalel has since left the employment of UBS AG (Singapore)
and he appears from his email to Mr Ng (exhibited as SFT-3 in Mr Tyne’s
affidavit filed on 31 January 2011) to be willing to testify in either the
Australian or Singapore Proceedings, although he did express reservations
about filing an affidavit on behalf of the defendants.[note: 50] It is not
disputed that Mr Betsalel is currently resident in Singapore. As such, he is
compellable to testify at the trial in Singapore.

69 The defendants, however, submitted that the issue of location and
compellability of Mr Betsalel is not a weighty factor in favour of Singapore
because it is not disputed that the evidence of Mr Betsalel may be adduced by
way of deposition through judicial channels under the Australian Proceedings
(see the opinion of Professor Mark Aronson of the University of New South
Wales (exhibited as SFT-4 in Mr Tyne’s affidavit filed on 31 January 2011)).

70 The Court of Appeal in _Rickshaw_ at [19] expressed the view that where the
main dispute relates to questions of fact, and where “the judge’s assessment
of a witness’s credibility is crucial, then the **_location of the witnesses
takes on greater significance_** because there would be savings of time and
resources if the trial is held in the forum in which the witnesses reside and
where they are _clearly compellable_ to testify.” [emphasis in italics in
original, emphasis in bold italics added]. Indeed, in the present case,
although the evidence of Mr Betsalel may be adduced by way of deposition and
then presented before the Australian court, it is certainly not desirable that
a critical witness for a serious issue like misrepresentation should not be
compellable. ln addition to that, this court is also of the view that Mr
Betsalel’s credibility as a witness is also of importance in assisting the
trial judge’s determination of where the truth of this matter lay. Thus, the
compellability and the importance of the assessment of credibility by the
trial judge point to the unsuitability of a witness like Mr Betsalel giving
evidence by way of deposition.

(5) The alleged place of tort as the natural forum

71 In spite of the patently obvious indicators which inexorably point to
Singapore as the natural forum to determine UBS AG’s claim, Mr Ng, nonetheless
sought to convince this court to displace Singapore in favour of Australia as
the more appropriate forum to try the matter. The principal point relied on by
Mr Ng in aid of the appeal against the stay applications is based on certain
misrepresentations made by Mr Betsalel and/or Mr Farell to Mr Tyne in relation
to the Kazakh Bonds and that such misrepresentations were received and acted
on by Mr Tyne in Australia. This was admittedly the only connection which the
dispute has with Australia. The question then turns on whether the natural
forum of UBS AG’s _claim_ which is (clearly and distinctly) Singapore could
change to Australia just because the (potential) _defence_ and/or
_counterclaim_ grounded in tort might favour Australia as the more appropriate
forum to determine the tort. Mr Ng answered in the affirmative on the premise
that since the misrepresentations were received in Australia, the natural
forum for the dispute is therefore Australia. Mr Ng relied on authorities such
as _Rickshaw_ , _JIO Minerals_ , _Cordoba Shipping Co Ltd v National State
Bank, Elizabeth, New Jersey (The Albaforth)_ [1984] 2 Lloyd’s Rep 91 (“ _The
Albaforth_ ”), _Diamond v Bank of London & Montreal Ltd_ [1979] 1 QB 333 (“
_Diamond”_) and _Voth v Manildra Flour Mills Pty Ltd_ (1990) 171 CLR 538 (“
_Voth_ ”) for the proposition that the place where the misrepresentation was
_received_ is the place where tort was committed which, in turn, is _prima
facie_ the natural forum to try the dispute.

72 In addition to that, Mr Ng also stressed that the defendants would be able
to invoke the Australian Acts _, ie_ , the ASIC Act and the FTAs, in the
Australian Proceedings which are not available in Singapore. To assist the
court in the interpretation of the Australian Acts, the defendants submitted
an expert opinion by Mr Justin Gleeson QC (“the Gleeson Opinion” or “Opinion”
as the case may be). No competing opinion on the Australian Acts was submitted
by UBS AG. I will separately review the Australian Acts with the benefit of
the Gleeson Opinion to determine whether there are in fact material
differences between Singapore and Australia as regards the matters covered by
the Australian Acts and if so, where and how this factor would feature in the
_Spiliada_ test.

73 To place matters in perspective, this issue of the Australian Acts only
becomes relevant for consideration if Australian law is the _lex loci
delicti_. This would entail accepting Mr Ng’s submission that by virtue of the
place of receipt of the alleged misrepresentation from Mr Betsalel and/or Mr
Farell being Australia, Australia is the natural forum of the dispute. In the
event that I find that Australia is not the place of the tort, the defendants
would have no basis to rely on the Australian Acts in aid of the stay
application.

74 According to _Halsbury’s Laws of Singapore on Conflict of Laws_ , at
paragraph 75.092, “where the tort has been committed is _prima facie_ the
natural forum. It will be a significant albeit not decisive factor”. As a
general proposition, this much is not controversial. An analysis of the cases
cited by Mr Ng is apposite at this juncture: in both the cases of _The
Albaforth_ and _Diamond_ , the misrepresentations were received in London,
England. As for _Voth_ , a claim for negligent misstatement was made against
an accountant for failing to draw attention to certain tax withholding laws in
Missouri, USA which resulted in the imposition of a penalty. As his failure to
draw attention to the requirement for withholding tax which, for all practical
purposes, was equivalent to a positive statement that it was not payable
occurred in Missouri, the place of the tort was determined to be Missouri. In
_Rickshaw_ , the Court of Appeal at [37] and [39] accepted that the place
where the tort occurred (_ie_ , misrepresentation was received) would, _prima
facie_ , be the natural forum of the tort. However, this was only one of the
factors to be taken into account in the overall analysis, albeit a significant
one (at [40] of _Rickshaw_). It should be noted that in _Rickshaw_ , in
respect of the respondent’s submission that the _lex loci delicti_ was not
Singapore law as the alleged misrepresentations were actionable where they had
been received, _ie_ , either Germany or New Zealand, the Court of Appeal found
that it was not clear, on the pleadings, _where_ the alleged
misrepresentations were in fact received (at [72]).

(A) The analysis on authorities which support the specific test of the the
natural forum being the place of tort

75 Most of the authorities appear at first blush to support Mr Ng’s submission
that the tort of misrepresentation is committed in the place where it was
received. Notably, the AR accepted that the tort is governed by the law where
the tort was received and acted upon. However, she found that the connection
with Australia in the present case to be merely a fortuitous one, _ie_ , it
just so happened that Mr Tyne was in Australia when he received the
misrepresentations from Mr Betsalel/Mr Farrell.

76 This is where my analysis differs from that of the AR. I am of the view
that the pertinent question turns on whether the inquiry of where the tort of
misrepresentation was committed ends at the point of receipt. Recent decisions
indicate that the place of receipt is not necessarily decisive. For example,
in _JIO Minerals_ , the misrepresentation was received in India (_JIO
Minerals_ at [89]) and yet the Court found that the natural forum for the tort
was Indonesia (_JIO Minerals_ at [95]). At [91] of _JIO Minerals_ , the Court
of Appeal stated the English position, _viz_ , the specific test that “the
place of the tort is the place where the representation is received and acted
upon” [emphasis added]. Given that reliance is a constituent element of the
tort of misrepresentation, the place of reliance (and not merely receipt) of
the misrepresentation is unquestionably relevant in the equation. It can be
deduced from the cases cited at [74] above that much emphasis was placed on
the place of receipt, as opposed to the place of reliance, because in those
cases, the act of receipt and reliance took place in the same jurisdiction. In
my view, different considerations should apply where the place of receipt and
reliance are different.

(B) Misrepresentation: receipt and reliance

77 At the hearing of the Appeals, both parties disagreed as to what
constitutes “reliance” or “acted upon”. Mr Ng submitted that reliance occurred
in Australia when Mr Tyne gave Mr Betsalel the green light to purchase the
Kazakh Bonds. Mr Kumar, on the other hand, submitted that reliance took place
in Singapore where the officers of UBS AG (Singapore) operated Telesto’s
account in Singapore to purchase the Kazakh Bonds pursuant to and in
accordance with Mr Tyne’s instructions.

78 Given that the courts have emphasised on the need to look back at the
_series of events_ in order to determine where, _in substance_ , the cause of
action arose, where there is a possibility that the act of receipt and
reliance might have occurred in different jurisdictions, the court should
adopt a fluid analysis in finding the place of the tort. In this regard, the
Court of Appeal in _JIO Minerals_ (at [90], [91], [93] and [94]) indicated
that the real substance test as set out in _Distillers Co (Biochemicals) Ltd v
Laura Anne Thompson_ [1971] AC 458 at 468, should be adopted where the facts
of the case do not fit comfortably with the more specific test (_ie_ , where
the misrepresentation was received) as suggested in _The Albaforth_.

79 If one looks at the continuum of the events, it is arguable that the place
of reliance of Mr Betsalel’s alleged misrepresentation was Singapore: having
received the misrepresentation (in Australia), Mr Tyne acted upon those
misrepresentations by communicating his instructions to the officers in
Singapore which then manifested itself in the form of his instructions being
carried out by the officers of UBS AG in Singapore. In other words, reliance
was _crystallised_ when the officers of UBS AG (Singapore) operated Telesto’s
account in accordance with Mr Tyne’s instruction. Thus, the chain of
communication which constituted the act of misrepresentation was _completed_
when Telesto’s account in Singapore was operated pursuant to Mr Tyne’s
instructions which were based on Mr Betsalel’s alleged misrepresentation. This
view accords with business efficacy as in a scenario where UBS AG (Singapore)
transacts with, for and on behalf of international clients, to say that the
place of the tort is where their client is located (barring any fortuitous
happenstance) would be to hold UBS AG (Singapore) to a choice of law to which
it had not agreed. It is pertinent to point out that the tort in the present
case did not occur without a contractual context: _but for_ the banking
relationship between UBS AG and Telesto which stemmed from the various banking
instruments between the two parties, Mr Betsalel and/or Mr Farrell would not
have spoken to Mr Tyne about the Kazakh Bonds to begin with.

80 In applying the substance test, I find that the place of the tort for
misrepresentation is Singapore and not Australia. Notably, even if the tort
had occurred in Australia, in my view, that is not in and of itself sufficient
to displace Singapore as the natural forum to determine the _entire_ dispute
between the parties (see [86]–[88] below).

81 Upon close scrutiny, one will find that the issues raised by the defendants
_cannot_ be legitimately divorced from the contractual context under which the
Kazakh Bonds were purchased. It is correct that the Court of Appeal in
_Rickshaw_ observed at [47]–[48] that in the absence of bad faith, every
plaintiff has the right to avail itself of the cause of action that is most
advantageous to it, for instance, in the light of choice of law
considerations. However, the situation before me is entirely different from
the circumstances in _Rickshaw_. In the case of _Rickshaw_ , the respondent
commenced proceedings in Germany on 8 September 2004 against the first
appellant (which was his former employer) for a contractual claim based on the
Employment Agreement for:

(a)

salary and expenses accruing to him from 2001 to 2003 amounting to €242,
867.40;

(b)

a declaration that the second termination letter did not terminate the agency;
and

(c)

the disclosure of information about the sale of the Tang cargo.

In respect of the German proceedings, a consent judgment was entered into for
€151,700 on 9 December 2004 in favour of the respondent and as at November
2006, only partial payment had been made to the respondent.

82 The appellants in _Rickshaw_ , on the other hand, commenced proceedings in
Singapore on 10 June 2005 for the following:

(a)

conversion of 25 pieces of the Tang cargo by the respondent;

(b)

breach of the respondent’s equitable duty of confidentiality towards the
appellants;

(c)

breach of the respondent’s fiduciary duties as an agent of the appellants; and

(d)

deceit arising from the respondent’s misrepresentations.

83 An analysis of the causes of action of both parties in _Rickshaw_ reveals
that the appellants’ claims against the respondent for conversion, the tort of
deceit and the breach of the equitable duty of confidentiality, which
transpired from a set of misrepresentations given by respondent sometime in
late 2002 and throughout 2003 (see [10] of _Rickshaw_), is “narrower” than the
respondent’s claim in Germany, _viz_ , for the breach of his Employment
Agreement under which the appellants owed him his salary and expenses between
2001 and 2003 amounting to €242, 867.40. It cannot be ignored that in
_Rickshaw_ , the tortious claims mounted by the appellants were, in a way,
independent of the respondent’s wrongful termination claim under the
Employment Agreement. In other words, if the wrongful termination claim in the
German proceedings should succeed, it does not follow that the tortious claims
in the Singapore proceedings would necessarily fail. Phrased in a different
manner: the appellants’ claim in Singapore did not form a _complete_ defence
and counterclaim to the respondent’s German proceedings as there were issues
before the German court which the appellants’ claim in the Singapore
proceedings had no bearing on.

84 My review of the cases relied on by the defendants confirmed my
understanding that the determination of the natural forum in those cases
typically occurred in the context where the tort was an _independent cause of
action_ and where it did not operate as a defence to a contractual claim. In
_JIO Minerals_ , the claim was to recover investments which were induced
pursuant to a misrepresentation as regards the quality and quantity of iron
ore reserve in Indonesia. It was not raised as a defence. Likewise in _The
Albaforth_ , the claim was for damages for misrepresentation arising from a
status report provided by the defendant bank on the creditworthiness of the
guarantor of a charterer’s liability under a charterparty. The claim was
brought as an independent cause of action and was not raised to resist any
contractual claim by the defendant bank. Similarly, in _Diamond_ , the claim,
which was an independent claim, was for misrepresentation arising from the
confirmation of the credit standing of a particular broker. Finally, in _Voth_
, the claim for negligent misstatement against the accountant was also pursued
as an independent claim.

85 Here, the situation is quite different. It was accepted by Mr Ng that if
the appeal in relation to the stay applications should fail, the defendants
would simply raise the issues in the Australian Proceedings as a defence and
counterclaim in the Singapore Proceedings. If UBS AG successfully discharges
its legal and evidential burden of proof, this would mean that the defendants’
defence and counterclaim has failed. The converse holds true. This merely
reinforces my view that the “ _claims_ ” raised by the defendants in Australia
are in truth the defences against the claim by UBS AG.

(F) Whether the natural forum in determining a contractual claim can be
displaced due to the tort being committed elsewhere

86 In my view, there is a very good reason why the natural forum in a dispute
involving a contractual claim cannot be displaced simply because the defence
seeks to avoid liability by raising a counterclaim or set-off premised on a
tort which, _viewed in isolation as an independent claim_ , might provide for
a different natural forum. Commercial entities, in particular banks and
financial institutions, strive for certainty of their contractual rights and
obligations by choosing appropriately drafted governing law or jurisdiction
clauses. It is not uncommon for parties to allege misrepresentation as a
defence to a contractual claim. In this regard, it could not have been in the
contemplation of the parties that a contractual claim, once properly
instituted before a court of competent jurisdiction, could then be displaced
by a foreign court merely because the place of the alleged misrepresentation
(which constituted a defence to the contractual claim) was a foreign country.
The impracticality and irrationality of this proposition is evident in the
following scenario where the customer-banker relationship is governed by
Singapore law and is subject to Singapore jurisdiction, exclusive or
otherwise:

(a) In the course of the relationship, several transactions were entered into
based on certain representations made by the bank’s officers.

(b) Assuming that three such representations were received by the customer
over a period of time in three different countries resulting in three
different transactions, taking Mr Ng’s submission to its logical conclusion
would mean that disputes pertaining to these three transactions should be
heard in the three different “natural forums”. This would be a most illogical
and _unnatural_ outcome.

(c) If Mr Ng’s submission holds true, in order to avoid such an irrational and
illogical outcome, bank’s officers would think twice before speaking to
customers whenever they are overseas to prevent the risk of any potential
claim being adjudicated in a jurisdiction not stipulated in the governing
law/jurisdiction clauses. This would seriously undermine the very essence of
international banking.

87 Although the tort of misrepresentation may be a separate and distinct cause
of action, in the context of the present case, it can essentially be raised as
a defence to the claims by UBS AG. What is before me is a classic case of the
defendant, _not the plaintiff_ , who is seeking to avoid being sued in the
_natural forum_ of the dispute by asserting what essentially is a tortious
defence in the guise of a claim in Australia. The attempt to displace
Singapore as the natural forum for UBS AG’s claim by doing so is disingenuous.
The stay principles were not developed to facilitate such objectives. In my
mind, this is nothing more than an instance of forum shopping by the
defendants.

88 By reason of my analysis of the applicable legal principles and my
examination of the facts which are germane to the issues before me, I arrived
at the firm conclusion that Singapore is not only the natural forum of the
dispute but is clearly and distinctly the more appropriate forum for the
determination of the dispute between the parties. Thus, the appeal against the
AR’s decision not to grant a stay of the Singapore Proceedings is dismissed.

Stage two of the Spiliada test: The ends of justice

89 As I have found that Singapore is distinctly and clearly the more
appropriate forum to hear the dispute, on this ground alone, RA 58/2010 must
be dismissed. Stage two of the _Spiliada_ test only comes into play if
Australia is determined to be the more appropriate forum.

90 However, for completeness, I shall consider the submissions made by both
counsel on the treatment and outcome of stage two of the _Spiliada_ test. It
was common ground between the parties that, should the defendants succeed in
stage one of the _Spiliada_ test, the court’s focus at stage two of the
_Spiliada_ test is to consider _all_ factors as to why the ends of justice
require the stay of the Singapore Proceedings should nonetheless be refused.
The burden, in this connection, lies with UBS AG. The mere fact that UBS AG
has a legitimate or juridical advantage in the Singapore Proceedings will not
be decisive (see _JIO Minerals_ at [43] where the Court of Appeal cited with
approval _Halsbury’s Laws of Singapore on Conflicts of Law_ paragraph 75.096).
It is incumbent on UBS AG to establish, by way of cogent evidence, that it
would be denied substantial justice if the case is heard in Australia. I
should add that my analysis on the differences, if any, between Australian and
Singapore law on the common issues has an important bearing and is entirely
relevant to the issue of “injustice” to the defendants in the granting of the
anti-suit injunction (see [155] below).

(1) Injustice to UBS AG as it would be subject to Australian law which was not
part of its contractual bargain

91 In this regard, Mr Kumar submitted that the burden is discharged by UBS AG
because the parties have agreed for the dispute to be subject to Singapore
jurisdiction and governed by Singapore law. Accordingly, to grant the stay of
the Singapore Proceedings would be tantamount to mandatorily subjecting UBS AG
to the Australian Acts which was never in the contemplation of the parties
when they entered into the banking relationship. Notably, this factor would
already have been considered at stage one of the inquiry and if that was held
not to be sufficient (though in this case, it was) to refuse the stay, then,
in my view, it would not be right for this same factor to be reconsidered at
stage two. However, I must make clear that I am not suggesting that the court
is invariably precluded from considering _all_ matters relevant in stage one
at stage two of the inquiry. Indeed, the issue of foreign law would become
relevant for reconsideration if there are material differences in the foreign
law which may apply unfairly or unjustly to the plaintiff in the Singapore
Proceedings. For example, in _Kuwait Oil Co (KSC) v Idemitsu Tankers KK (The
Hilda Maru)_ [1981] 2 Lloyd’s Rep 510 at 513, the English Court of Appeal
refused the stay of the English proceedings in favour of Kuwait because the
indemnity provision in the contract might be held to be invalid or
unenforceable in Kuwait.

(2) The juridical advantage which Telesto and Mr Tyne can benefit from the
Australian Acts

(A) The Gleeson Opinion

92 There is clearly some overlap between the legal principles governing stay
applications and anti-suit injunctions. In support of the appeals against the
refusal to stay the Singapore Proceedings as well as the anti-suit injunction
(which will be dealt with in detail below), Mr Ng submitted that the balance
of justice is on the defendants’ side because they would be deprived of a
legitimate juridical advantage if they are precluded from pursuing their claim
in the Australian Proceedings. He relied on the Gleeson Opinion that
highlighted several juridical advantages under the Australian Acts. Insofar as
the ASIC Act is concerned, the Gleeson Opinion drew attention to the following
advantages:

(a) Under s 12BB, where the representation concerns a future matter (invoked
in the present case as an alternative), there are two benefits to the
plaintiff. First, unless the defendant had reasonable grounds for making the
representation at the time it was made, it will be _deemed_ misleading.
Secondly, there is a reversal of onus of proof as the defendant will be taken
not to have reasonable grounds for making representation unless evidence is
adduced to the contrary.

(b) There is no requirement for the plaintiff to prove or plead intent,
negligence or carelessness in the conduct. If the conduct, viewed objectively,
has the character of being misleading or deceptive, or likely, or is likely to
mislead or deceive, it is actionable.

(c) Assuming there is a contravention of s 12DA, the ASIC Act provides what
has been described as a “remedial smorgasbord”.

(d) In relation to damages, a body of Australian law has built up as to what
constitutes as sufficient causation, _ie_ , it is enough if the impugned
conduct is a cause of the relevant loss, it need not be the sole or even
dominant cause.

(e) Concepts of remoteness and foreseeability (which might apply in a claim in
tort) are not automatically translated into the statute.

(f) In granting orders under s 12GF, the Australian court is not constrained
by limitations under the general law upon a party’s right to rescind for
misrepresentation. It can and must consider all the circumstances, including
the causal link between the defendant’s conduct and the loss asserted, the
plaintiff’s responsibility and any other available remedy (_Akron Securities
Ltd v Illife_ (1997) 41 NSWLR 353 at 366).

93 Further, the Gleeson Opinion also compared the ASIC/FTA regimes with that
of the common law of causation, remedies for negligent misrepresentation, tort
of deceit and the Misrepresentation Act (Cap 390, 1994 Rev Ed)
(“Misrepresentation Act”) in Singapore and concluded that the claim under the
Australian Acts is broader for the following reasons:

(a) Singapore law requires the existence of a duty to act carefully in respect
of the statements. The duty depends on the existence of factual
foreseeability, proximity and policy considerations. Under the Australian
Acts, the existence of a duty is not required.

(b) The range of actionable conduct appears to be wider under the Australian
Acts. A misstatement is an example of misleading conduct. Further, express
statements may be taken together with omissions to determine whether the
conduct as a whole is misleading.

(c) Once it is established that the conduct is objectively misleading, there
is no additional requirement to show that there was any negligence in the
conduct.

(d) Where the conduct consists of a future representation, there is a
statutory reversal of onus. Thus, the conduct is deemed misleading unless the
defendant proves it had reasonable grounds for the conduct at the time it
occurred.

(e) The range of available remedies under the Australian Acts is also wider.

94 The Gleeson Opinion also observed that the Misrepresentation Act would not
extend to Telesto, Mr Tyne and Argot as, in reliance on the alleged
misrepresentation, the purchase of the Kazakh Bonds was entered into with a
third party. In other words, there was no contract with the alleged wrongdoer,
UBS AG. In addition to that, s 2(1) of the Misrepresentation Act speaks of
“representation of fact” which does not appear to extend to representations to
the future and does not appear to carry a reversal of onus where
representations to the future are concerned. Finally, the Misrepresentation
Act does not provide for the same range of remedies available under the
Australian Acts.

(B) No contrary opinion adduced by UBS AG and its position that there is no
difference between the Singapore and Australian regimes

95 As UBS AG did not submit a contrary opinion on the Australian Acts, my
comparative analysis shall proceed on the basis that the Gleeson Opinion on
Australian law is unchallenged. The issue of Australian law is relevant in the
context of the stay applications to demonstrate that the ends of justice would
not be achieved if the stay of the Singapore Proceedings is granted. At this
stage of the inquiry, it is my task to determine whether there are material or
significant differences between the two regimes. Mr Kumar sought to convince
the court that the alleged advantages under the Australian Acts were
“overstated” and even “false”[note: 51] and that in essence, there is no
material difference between the two regimes in the area of the law on
misrepresentation whereas Mr Ng advanced the divergent position by emphasising
on the juridical advantages under the Australian Acts which are apparently
unavailable under the Singapore regime. It may appear somewhat incongruous for
Mr Kumar to assert at stage two of the _Spiliada_ test that there are no
material differences. However, on closer scrutiny, it is clear that Mr Kumar’s
case against the stay application is premised on the defendants failing at
stage one which I have accepted. Further, his position is entirely consistent
with UBS AG’s case in support of the anti-suit injunction (as explained in
detail at [155] below). This court, however, takes this view: proceeding on
the basis that Australia is the natural forum (a necessary assumption before
we reach the stage two balancing of justice exercise), if there are no
material differences between the two regimes (the position emphatically
advocated by Mr Kumar), then I can see no injustice to UBS AG for the case to
be heard in Australia as no prejudice of any sort would befall upon it given
that establishing UBS AG’s case in Singapore would not be any different from
that in Australia.

96 Having reviewed the Gleeson Opinion and having compared it with the
position under Singapore Law on the same issues, I arrived at the conclusion
that there are no significant or material differences which would make it
unjust or unfair for the case to be heard in Australia. Therefore, if stage
one of the _Spiliada_ test had been satisfied (which I found to the contrary
at [79]–[80]; [86]–[88] above), UBS AG would not have satisfied the burden of
proof under stage two. To fully appreciate the absence of material
differences, it is imperative to set out the defendants’ case on the alleged
misrepresentation:

(a) The oral advice given by UBS AG (through Mr Betsalel and Mr Farrell) to Mr
Tyne resulted in Mr Tyne and Pole Star agreeing to reconfigure Telesto’s
portfolio to exclusively comprise, _inter alia_ , the Kazakh Bonds recommended
by UBS AG in order to reduce the risk of the portfolio. Subsequently, UBS AG
advised Mr Tyne (and through him, Pole Star and Telesto) that the Kazakh Bonds
met the criteria established pursuant to such recommendations.[note: 52]

(b) UBS AG failed to inform Telesto, Mr Tyne, Argot (and Pole Star) of matters
relevant to Kazakh Bonds, in particular the bank frauds which led to the
bankruptcy of two government-regulated banks in Kazakhstan, that Kazakhstan
banks frequently used disinformation, false accounting and bogus forecasts to
routinely mischaracterise sources of problems, _etc_.[note: 53]

(c) In the light of such matters which UBS AG had failed to disclose, the
express representation by UBS AG as to the suitability of the Kazakh Bonds
were misleading or deceptive or likely to mislead or deceive, and/or were
representations as to future matters which under the Australian Acts would be
taken to be misleading or deceptive absent evidence that there were reasonable
grounds for making them.[note: 54]

(d) The impugned conduct of UBS AG was causative of the damage to Telesto in
that but for the conduct it would never have purchased the Kazakh Bonds and Mr
Tyne and Argot would not have provided the additional securities.[note: 55]

(C) The alleged differences between the Singapore and Australian regimes

(i) The existence of Duty of care

97 Although no contrary opinion on Australian law was adduced by UBS AG, I
should make some preliminary observations of the Gleeson Opinion. It provided
an objective review of the salient features of the Australian Acts and a
comparative analysis with Singapore law on common issues based on the advice
received from Singapore counsel. However, the Gleeson Opinion, rightly and in
my view fairly, did not seek to advance the defendants’ case that it would be
unjust to deprive them of the juridical advantages available in the Australian
Proceedings or that it would be unjust for the dispute to be heard in
Singapore. Nor did the Gleeson Opinion conclude that the differences would
make a material bearing on the outcome of the dispute given the specific facts
of the case. For example, although there is no requirement for the defendants
to establish that UBS AG owed them a duty of care under the Australian Acts,
the Gleeson Opinion made no comment on whether this was a material juridical
advantage in the sense that the defendants, on the facts, were bound or likely
to fail in establishing such duty of care in Singapore. That was correctly
reserved for Mr Ng to make good in his submissions in support of the Appeals.
Although a claim under the Australian Acts appears to be broader than under
Singapore law (given the prerequisite of duty of care in the latter), the
language used in the defendants’ Australian pleadings nevertheless alluded to
the existence of such duty of care:

**_Negligent and misleading advice_**

34\. At all material times, UBS [AG] held itself out as _having specialist
knowledge and expertise_... [emphasis added]

It is settled law that “if someone who possessed of a special skill
undertakes, quite irrespective of contract, to apply that skill for the
assistance of another person who relies upon such skill, a duty of care will
arise”, per Lord Morris in _Hedley Byrne & Co Ltd v Heller & Partners Ltd_
[1964] AC 465 at 503 .

98 Further, based on the defendants’ Australian pleadings, it is clear that
they are making a claim in tort against UBS AG, further or in the alternative,
to the claims under the Australian Acts:

42 The matters pleaded in paragraph 41 above were matters that UBS [AG] _ought
to have known given the specialist expertise that it professed to possess_ ,
and the fact that this information was in the public domain.

43 The failure of UBS [AG] to be aware of the matters pleaded in paragraph 41
above was negligent.

...

47 _But for UBS [AG]’s negligent, or further or in the alternative, misleading
or deceptive conduct, or conduct that was likely to mislead or deceive,
Telesto would not have purchased the [Kazakh] Bonds_.

48 By reason of UBS [AG]’s negligent, _or further or in the alternative,
misleading or deceptive conduct, or conduct that was likely to mislead or
deceive, [Telesto, Mr Tyne and Argot] and each of them have suffered loss and
damage_.

[emphasis added]

Thus, any argument which emphasised the significance of the Australian Acts in
purportedly providing the defendants an “easier task” in proving its case in
Australia overlooked the fact that the defendants have, at the same time,
mounted a claim in tort which does not come under the purview of the
Australian Acts. Any perceived advantage under the Australian Acts, in this
regard, was therefore “overstated”.

(ii) The reversal of burden of proof under the Australian acts

99 Central to Mr Ng’s submission was the advantage under the Australian Acts
which relates to the reversal of burden of proof as regards representations to
future matters. Notably, nowhere in the Opinion did Mr Gleeson QC state that
the representations received by Mr Tyne relate to matters in the future. The
emphasis that the representations regarding the status and/or suitability of
the Kazakh Bonds were representations as to a future matter probably stemmed
from the Australian pleadings which have characterised them as such.[note: 56]
Mr Ng’s emphasis on the reversal of burden of proof point would, however, be
rendered moot and academic if the misrepresentation, taken at face value,
relates to an existing or past fact. From the defendants’ own pleaded case at
[40] of the Australian pleadings, I am of the view that the statements
allegedly made by Mr Betsalel and Mr Farrell were made in respect of present
facts pertaining to the status and/or suitability of the Kazakh Bonds. By way
of illustration, the following are examples of the alleged “representations”
made by Mr Betsaslel and Mr Farrell to Mr Tyne all of which, on its face,
relate to existing facts:[note: 57]

(a)

the nation of Kazakhstan had little or no external debt;

(b)

Kazakhstan by way of its national fund Samruk-Kazyna (“SK”), being the
repository of national oil revenues, had tens of billions of dollars of liquid
assets;

(c)

Kazakhstan was “honourable” and “proud” and had repaid International Monetary
Fund loans early and in full;

(d)

Kazakh financial institutions were audited by “Big 4 accounting firms”;

(e)

Kazakhstan had a “best practice” financial regulatory regime; and

(f)

BTA was “too big to fail” and “would be supported by the Government of
Kazakhstan”.

100 Further, the defendants in [41] of the Australian pleadings enumerated
facts which UBS AG ought to have known given the specialist expertise they
professed. These facts include, _inter alia_ , those as below:[note: 58]

(a)

between 2004 and 2006, Nauryz Bank Kazakhstan and Valyut-Tranzit Bank, being
the two banks regulated by the Government of Kazakhstan, had gone into
bankruptcy;

(b)

the insolvency of those banks was largely attributable to substantial frauds
perpetrated by bank management and not detected by external auditors or
regulatory agencies; and

(c)

external auditors had proved ineffective in the detection of accounting frauds
perpetrated by Kazakh financial institutions.

101 If, in the Singapore Proceedings, Telesto and Mr Tyne are able to adduce
evidence to prove the facts as pleaded in [40] and [41] of their Australian
pleadings (which is their burden to do so even under the Australian
Proceedings), they should be able to establish a _prima facie_ case that:

(a)

Mr Betsalel and/or Mr Farrell did not honestly and actually believe that their
statements were true;

(b)

Mr Betsalel and/or Mr Farrell were reckless or careless as to the truth of
their statements; and

(c)

Mr Betsalel and/or Mr Farrell were negligent in making the representation in
[40] given those facts as set out in [41].

If the defendants were able to establish sub-paras (a) or (b) above, they
would be able to show that there was fraudulent misrepresentation on the part
of Mr Betsalel and/or Mr Farrell (see _Derry v Peek_ [1886–1890] All ER 1 at
23). This would render the view in the Gleeson Opinion that the claim under
the Australian Acts is broader than a claim in deceit in Singapore, on the
basis that there is no requirement under the Australian Acts to prove that the
statement was made knowing it was untrue, or with reckless indifference to its
truth, moot. Further, if the defendants are able to establish either one of
sub-paras (a)–(c) above, UBS AG would then bear the legal and evidential
burden of showing the reverse in order to succeed in proving its case on a
balance of probabilities. In other words, although there may be some
differences between Australian and Singapore law, they do not translate into
any material difference on the specific facts on this dispute. In this sense,
I agree with Mr Kumar that the differences were indeed “overstated” by Mr Ng.

(iii) The applicability of the misrepresentation act to the present case

102 Both counsel also agreed that under s 2(1) of the Misrepresentation Act,
the burden of proof is reversed, _ie_ , once the representee proves that the
statement was false, the burden shifts to the representor to prove that, at
that time of the representation up till the time of the contract, he had
reasonable grounds to believe that his statement was true, failing which the
representor would be liable for negligent misrepresentation. This is no
different from the position under the Australian Acts, _vis-à-vis_ the
reversal of burden, except that both Mr Ng and the Gleeson Opinion sought to
distinguish the position by suggesting that the Misrepresentation Act does not
apply to Telesto and Mr Tyne since neither purchased the Kazakh Bonds from UBS
AG (Singapore). In response, Mr Kumar submitted that the representation, if
proved to have been made by Mr Betsalel and Mr Farell, would indeed be
governed by the Misrepresentation Act.

103 The applicability of the Misrepresentation Act is a matter of Singapore
law which is entirely within the province of this court. It is settled law
that the Misrepresentation Act is only applicable where the misrepresentation
induces a contract (see _Trans-world (Aluminium) v Cornelder China (Sing)_
[2003] 3 SLR(R) 501 at [124]). Notably, it is true that s 2(1) of the
Misrepresentation Act will not operate in a situation where Y enters into a
contract with Z on reliance of some misrepresentations made by X. Y will have
recourse against X for damages in tort but will not have the benefit of
relying on s 2(1) of the Misrepresentation Act because X was not party to the
contract. Applying this to the facts of the present case, it appears that the
defendants may not be able to avail themselves of the Misrepresentation Act
_vis-à-vis_ UBS AG in relation to the purchase of Kazakh Bonds.

104 However, given my earlier observations at [101] above that on the facts,
UBS AG would have to prove otherwise if the defendants are able to establish a
_prima facie_ case of misrepresentation, the inability of the defendants to
rely on the Misrepresentation Act as regards the Kazakh Bonds would, at best,
be of academic interest and would not have mattered ultimately. Accordingly,
while I do not disagree with the Gleeson Opinion that there are differences
between the Australian Acts and the position under Singapore law, on the facts
of this case, I find that there are no differences of sufficient materiality.
This finding, oddly enough, actually favours the defendants as regards stage
two of the _Spiliada_ test but alas this is of no comfort to the defendants
since they have failed to overcome the test in stage one.

105 Given my conclusion at stage one, I dismiss the appeal against the AR’s
decision not to grant a stay of the Singapore Proceedings.

RA 59/2010: The appeal against the anti-suit injunction

106 In the context of an anti-suit injunction, the principles governing the
issues for the determination of the natural forum are as stated in _Spiliada_
(see _Koh Kay Yew v Inno-Pacific Holdings Ltd_ [1997] 2 SLR(R) 148 (“ _Koh Kay
Yew_ ”) at [18]) and to that extent, there is some overlap between the
considerations under the stay applications and the anti-suit injunction
application. There is a temptation to grant an anti-suit injunction following
the refusal of the stay application. However, from my review of the
authorities, it is clear that an anti-suit injunction is not invariably
granted whenever a stay is refused. A timely reminder was recently articulated
by the Court of Appeal in _John Reginald Stott Kirkham v Trane US Inc and ors_
[2009] 4 SLR(R) 428 (“ _Kirkham_ ”) at [45]:

[W]e ought to add that, had we found that Singapore was the natural forum to
adjudicate the claims in the Indonesian Action, it did not follow that the
Indonesian Action should _ipso facto_ be restrained....

107 Thus, I now turn to consider the defendants’ appeal in RA 59/2010, _viz_ ,
the appeal against the AR’s decision to grant an anti-suit injunction against
the defendants from continuing the Australian Proceedings.

General principles

108 In _Kirkham_ , the Court of Appeal at [28]–[29] stated the considerations
which should be taken into account in determining whether an anti-suit
injunction should be granted:

(a) whether the defendants are amenable to the jurisdiction of the Singapore
court;

(b) the natural forum for the resolution of the dispute between the parties;

(c) the alleged vexation or oppression to the plaintiffs if the foreign
proceedings are to continue;

(d) the alleged injustice to the defendants if an injunction would deprive the
defendants of the advantages sought in the foreign proceedings; and

(e) whether the institution of the foreign proceedings is in breach of any
agreement between the parties.

109 It is indisputable that the jurisdiction to grant an anti-suit injunction,
which by the nature of the order has a significant impact on the foreign
proceedings, is one that must be exercised with caution (see _Societe
Nationale Industrielle Aerospatiale v Lee Kui Jak_ [1987] AC 871 (“ _Lee Kui
Jak_ ”) at 892, in turn citing _Cohen v Rothfield_ [1919] 1 KB 410, 413). Such
an injunction is, however, only granted and justified “in the clearest of
circumstances that the foreign proceedings are vexatious or oppressive” (see
_Koh Kay Yew_ at [25]). Where the anti-suit injunction is sought in the face
of an exclusive jurisdiction clause governed by the law of the same forum,
there is no question of comity in such a case. It is instead an enforcement of
a contractual right not to be sued in another jurisdiction (see _Turner v
Grovit_ [2002] 1 WLR 107 (“ _Turner v Grovit”_) at [27]). However, in the
absence of an exclusive jurisdiction clause, the principle of comity requires
the court to recognise that in granting an injunction, though it may operate
_in personam_ against the defendant, it would inevitably interfere with the
foreign court process (see _Halsbury’s Law of Singapore on Conflicts of Law_
at p 120). For this reason, the law requires the applicant to demonstrate that
the conduct of the foreign proceedings is vexatious and/or oppressive to
warrant the court’s intervention in granting an injunction. These
considerations must always be borne in mind in deciding whether to grant or
refuse an anti-suit injunction.

110 Of the five considerations set out above, it is common ground that the
defendants are amenable to the jurisdiction of the Singapore court. Further,
my analysis in [79]–[80] and [86]–[88] above in arriving at my determination
that Singapore is the natural forum of the dispute under RA 58/2010 would
similarly apply to RA 59/2010. It is UBS AG’s case that the appeal against the
anti-suit injunction should be dismissed because the Australian Proceedings
were commenced in breach of the jurisdiction clauses in favour of Singapore
and/or are otherwise vexatious or oppressive. On the other hand, it is the
defendants’ case that the cornerstone of the grant of an anti-suit injunction
is entirely founded on wrongful breach of contract or vexatious conduct in the
pursuit of the Australian Proceedings and absent such breach or vexatious
conduct, which is the situation in the present case, the anti-suit injunction
should be discharged. Specifically, the defendants advanced their case against
the anti-suit injunction on the basis that injustice would be caused to them
because “they will be deprived of substantial juridical advantages under
Australian law”.[note: 59] In this regard, my finding at [97]–[101] above that
there are no differences of sufficient materiality between Australian law and
Singapore law on the common issues in the dispute would equally apply here.

Whether the institution of the Australian Proceedings is in breach of any
agreement between parties

111 This ground is founded on a contractual right and is a separate inquiry
distinct from the requirement of vexatious or oppressive conduct. Mr Kumar
first relied on paragraph 4 of the Letter of Undertaking executed by Argot as
stipulated below:[note: 60]

4\. Applicable law and jurisdiction

The present Letter of Undertaking shall be _exclusively governed by and
construed in accordance with the laws of Singapore_. The place of performance
of all obligations, as well as the _exclusive place of jurisdiction for any
dispute arising out of and in connection with the present Letter of
Undertaking shall be Singapore_.

UBS reserves the right, however, to take legal action against [Argot] before
the authority of its domicile, or before any other competent authority, in
which event exclusively the laws of Singapore shall remain applicable.

[emphasis added]

112 Mr Kumar, understandably, attached considerable emphasis on the Letter of
Undertaking since that is the only relevant contractual document which
expressly provided for the _exclusive_ jurisdiction of the Singapore court. He
submitted that Argot has clearly breached the agreement by its institution of
the Australian Proceedings. Argot would therefore need to demonstrate “strong
reasons for departing from [the exclusive jurisdiction clause]” to justify not
staying the proceedings in the face of an exclusive jurisdiction clause (see
_Donohue v Armco Inc & Ors_ [2002] All ER 749 (“ _Donohue v Armco_ ”) at
[24]).

113 Is Argot’s breach critical or even relevant for the purposes of the anti-
suit injunction? This issue must be examined in the context of the entire
dispute. First, it is pertinent to point out that Argot is not a party to the
Singapore Proceedings and therefore there is no issue of parallel proceedings
insofar as Argot is concerned. Secondly, I accept Mr Ng’s submission that it
would not be consistent for Argot to bring an action in Singapore in respect
of its claims which “follow as a matter of law from any judgment in favour of
Telesto [in Australia]”. In other words, Argot’s claim hinges on the outcome
of the declaratory reliefs brought by the defendants in the Australian
Proceedings. Therefore, while Argot’s claim in the Australian Proceedings,
viewed in isolation, could be construed as a breach of an _exclusive_
jurisdiction clause, that breach would only assume significance if the
commencement of the Australian Proceedings by Telesto and Mr Tyne is somehow
wrongful and/or vexatious. In short, the fate of Argot’s claim in the
Australian Proceedings would have to abide the outcome of my analysis _vis-à-
vis_ Telesto and Mr Tyne.

114 Although the jurisdiction clauses which apply to Telesto and Mr Tyne are
_non-exclusive_ in nature, Mr Kumar nonetheless submitted that their conduct
in commencing the Australian Proceedings amounts to a breach of contract. He
relies on _Sabah Shipyard (Pakistan) Ltd v Islamic Republic of Pakistan_
[2003] 2 Lloyd’s Rep 571 (“ _Sabah case_ ”) at [37] and [43] in support of the
proposition that where a non-exclusive jurisdiction clause is in force, the
court may infer an intention not to bring or continue parallel proceedings in
foreign countries after an action has been commenced in the primary forum
stated in the non-exclusive jurisdiction. In this respect, as UBS AG had
commenced S 801/2010 in Singapore on 15 October 2010 prior to the institution
of the Australian Proceedings and given that Mr Tyne had agreed to waive any
objection that any action commenced in Singapore was brought in an
inconvenient forum (as provided in para 27 of the Guarantee), Mr Kumar
submitted that it could not have been the intention of the parties that if
proceedings were commenced in Singapore, parallel proceedings could be pursued
elsewhere.

115 Mr Ng, on the other hand, advanced a completely different position in
relation to the nature of the non-exclusive jurisdiction clauses. He
maintained that since UBS AG had entered into the _non-exclusive_ jurisdiction
clauses, which by its nature contemplated the possibility of simultaneous
trials in the jurisdiction referred to in the clause as well as in other
competent courts, it therefore accepted the possibility of parallel
proceedings. If trial is pursued abroad, there can be no breach of any
agreement and equally, it could not amount to vexatious or oppressive conduct.

(1) The legal effect of exclusive and non-exclusive jurisdiction clauses

116 In the light of the diametrically opposing positions adopted by Mr Kumar
and Mr Ng, it is necessary to determine the legal effects of exclusive and
non-exclusive jurisdiction clauses in the context of an application for an
anti-suit injunction.

117 The observation of the House of Lords in _Turner v Grovit_ at [27] on the
legal effects of exclusive and non-exclusive jurisdiction clauses in the
context of an application for an anti-suit injunction is instructive:

[W]here the applicant is relying upon a contractual right not to be sued in
the foreign country (say because of an _exclusive jurisdiction clause_ or an
arbitration clause), then absent some special circumstances, he has by reason
of his contract a legitimate interest in enforcing that right against the
other party of the contract. But where he is relying upon conduct of the other
person which is unconscionable for some non-contractual reason, [the] law
requires that the legitimate interest must be the existence of proceedings in
this country which need to be protected by the grant of [an anti-suit
injunction].

118 It is important to understand the nature of the contractual bargain in a
non-exclusive jurisdiction clause. By such a clause, the parties simply agree
to submit to that jurisdiction, which for ease of reference shall be referred
to as the “primary forum”. They also implicitly accept the “primary forum” as
appropriate (see _British Aerospace v Dee Howard & Co_ [1993] 1 Lloyd’s Rep
368 at 376).

119 An overview of the cases involving exclusive and/or non-exclusive
jurisdiction clauses shows that:

(a) The starting point for considering the effect of a non-exclusive
jurisdiction clause must be the wording of the clause. In terms of contract
law, a party could not ordinarily be said to be in breach of a contract
containing a non-exclusive jurisdiction clause merely by pursuing proceedings
in an alternative jurisdiction (see _Deutsche Bank AG and anor v Highland
Crusader Offshore Partners LP and ors_ [2010] 1 WLR 1023 (“ _Deutsche Bank”_)
at [105]).

(b) There is no presumption that multiplicity of proceedings is vexatious (see
_Lee Kui Jak_ at 894). In the case of non-exclusive jurisdiction clauses, the
burden is on the applicant for the anti-suit injunction to show that the
foreign proceedings are “vexatious or oppressive for some reason independent
of the mere presence of the non-exclusive [jurisdiction] clause” (see Thomas
Raphael _, The Anti-Suit Injunction_ (Oxford University Press, 2008) (“
_Raphael_ ”) at para 9.12).

(c) In the case of a non-exclusive jurisdiction clause, either party is _prima
facie_ entitled to bring proceedings in a court of competent jurisdiction.
Duplication of litigation through parallel proceedings is undesirable, but it
is an inherent risk where the parties elect to adopt a non-exclusive
jurisdiction clause (_Deutsche Bank_ at [107]).

(d) An exclusive jurisdiction clause creates a contractual right not to be
sued elsewhere, (see _Turner v Grovit_ at [27]), but even then, the court has
discretion whether to enforce or even refuse it (see _Donohue v Armco_ at
[27]).

120 In view of the foregoing, it appears that Telesto and Mr Tyne cannot be
said to have acted _in breach_ of their obligations under the _non-exclusive_
jurisdiction clauses. To hold otherwise would blur the distinction between
exclusive jurisdiction clauses and non-exclusive jurisdiction clauses and
render any such distinction illusionary or redundant. In support of this view
is _Raphael’s_ observation at para 9.10 (cited in _Deutsche Bank_ at [85])
that to interpret a non-exclusive jurisdiction clause as leading to the
conclusion that parties could not have intended that proceedings be commenced
in a forum other than the primary forum “would mean that non-exclusive
[jurisdiction] clauses could be converted into something close to an exclusive
jurisdiction clause by the simple expedient of commencing parallel proceedings
in [the primary forum] soon after the commencement of the foreign
proceedings”.

121 My reading of the _Sabah_ case does not support Mr Kumar’s submission
that, in the context of the existence of a non-exclusive jurisdiction clause,
the commencement of proceedings in a competent court of jurisdiction other
than the primary forum could _per se_ constitute a breach of contract. In this
connection, an examination of the contextual background of the _Sabah_ case is
necessary in order to better understand the decisions of both the English High
Court and English Court of Appeal in granting an anti-suit injunction against
the continuation of the foreign proceedings in spite of the use of a non-
exclusive jurisdiction clause in the contractual documents.

122 In that case, Sabah Shipyard (Pakistan) Pte Ltd (“Sabah Shipyard”) was
incorporated in Pakistan for the _sole_ purpose of entering into agreements
with the Government of Pakistan (“the GOP”) and a state-owned corporation,
KESC, relating to the design, construction and maintenance of electric
generation facility at Karachi. The agreements included an implementation
agreement (between Sabah Shipyard and the GOP) and a power purchase agreement
(between Sabah Shipyard and KESC). The GOP entered into a guarantee in favour
of Sabah Shipyard under which it guaranteed the obligations of KESC under the
power purchase agreement. Clause 1.91 of the guarantee provided that each
party consented to the jurisdiction of the courts of England for any action
filed by the other party under the agreement and provided for enforcement in
England, subject to immaterial exceptions.

123 Disputes arose between the parties and an arbitration was held in
Singapore which resulted in an award in Sabah Shipyard’s favour in the sum of
US$6.84m. Sabah Shipyard made a demand on the GOP under its guarantee. In
response, the GOP issued proceedings in Islamabad for:

(a)

a declaration that the award had been obtained by fraud and was not binding on
the GOP; and

(b)

a declaration that the guarantee was therefore not enforceable.

In addition to that, the GOP also obtained an _ex parte_ injunction against
Sabah Shipyard to prevent it from making any demand on the guarantee.

124 In the light of this development, Sabah Shipyard issued proceedings
against the GOP in England and sought an anti-suit injunction against the
Islamabad proceedings. David Steel J granted the anti-suit injunction and his
decision was upheld by the English Court of Appeal.

125 In my view, the _Sabah_ case does not stand for the _general_ proposition
that where a non-exclusive jurisdiction clause applies, the court may infer an
intention on the part of the contracting parties not to bring or continue
parallel proceedings in foreign countries after an action has been commenced
in the primary forum stated in the non-exclusive jurisdiction clause. Notably,
caution has been expressed in interpreting the _Sabah_ case in the manner as
suggested by Mr Kumar. Toulson LJ in _Deutsche Bank_ at [112] opined that:

The _Sabah_ case [2003] 2 Lloyd’s Rep 571 has given rise to a good deal of
debate as to its interpretation. I agree with Andrew Smith J in _Evialis v
SIAT_ [2003] 2 Lloyd’s Rep 377 and _Raphael, The Anti-Suit Injunction_ that
_the decision is best understood to have been based on the finding that the
GOP acted in breach of its contract with Sabah by bringing proceedings in
Islamabad in which it claimed an injunction to prevent Sabah from enforcing
its rights against GOP in England pursuant to the English non-exclusive
jurisdiction clause_. (This view is supported by Walker LJ’s statement in the
_Sabah_ case [2003] 2 Lloyd’s Rep 571, para 44 that the injunction “is being
granted by the court to which both parties have agreed to give effect to the
bargain they made”.) If I am wrong, and the injunction was granted not in
support of a legal right but _under the court’s power to protect Sabah from
vexatious and oppressive litigation, for reasons already discussed the conduct
of the GOP was certainly vexatious and oppressive on the particular facts of
the case_. On either approach, the case needs to be seen in the context of its
own particular facts. It would be wrong in my view to extrapolate from it a
rule of law that the prosecution of foreign litigation in parallel with
litigation in England pursuant to a non-exclusive jurisdiction clause is per
se vexatious or oppressive….

[emphasis added]

126 Similar sentiments were expressed by _Raphael_ at paragraph 9.10 where he
opined that:

Sabah should be read as specific to the unusual facts of the case, where the
foreign proceedings included a claim for an anti-suit injunction to restrain
proceedings in the chosen forum.

The learned authors of _Cheshire, North & Fawcett’s Private International
Law_, (Oxford University Press, 14th Ed) (“ _Cheshire”)_ at p 474 echoed the
same:

Where the agreement provides for the non-exclusive jurisdiction of the English
courts there is no breach of agreement in bringing proceedings abroad and
therefore an injunction will not be granted on the basis of breach of an
agreement. However, _if one party (A) by way of a pre-emptive strike seeks an
injunction abroad whereby the other party (B) will be permanently restrained
from making any demand under a contract (containing a non-exclusive English
jurisdiction clause) in the hope of preventing B from starting proceedings in
England, this is a breach of contract and vexatious. An injunction restraining
A from continuing the proceedings abroad will then be granted on the basis of
vexation or oppression_.

[emphasis added]

127 It is therefore clear that the general consensus in rationalising the
_Sabah case_ is that the anti-suit injunction in respect of the Islamabad
proceedings was granted on grounds that it was vexatious and oppressive as
opposed to the drawing of an inference that parties had intended that no
parallel proceedings be commenced upon agreeing to a non-exclusive
jurisdiction clause. Furthermore, the breach of contract in the _Sabah case_
was not the breach of the non-exclusive jurisdiction clause but rather the
breach of contract in commencing proceedings to _prevent_ Sabah Shipyard from
enforcing its rights under the contract. Indeed, where parties seek to
eliminate the possibility of parallel proceedings in different jurisdictions,
an _exclusive jurisdiction clause_ could be employed to give effect to such an
intention. This is especially so in the present case since different
jurisdiction clauses are applicable to different contracts. Clearly the
parties by employing different types of clauses to govern different contracts
intended for different consequences to arise. In the circumstances, I find
that the institution of the Australian Proceedings was not in breach of any
contractual obligation other than Argot’s Letter of Undertaking which I have
separately dealt with at [113] above. As such, to justify the continuation of
the anti-suit injunction, the burden is on UBS AG to prove vexatious and/or
oppressive conduct _independent_ of the non-exclusive jurisdiction clauses.

Whether the Australian Proceedings are vexatious and/or oppressive

128 This is a separate and independent basis for an anti-suit injunction and
should not be conflated with the other basis, _viz_ , a breach of an exclusive
jurisdiction clause, which has been dealt with above. The power to order an
anti-suit injunction, independent of a breach of an exclusive jurisdiction
clause, is dependent upon there being wrongful conduct of the party to be
restrained of which the applicant is entitled to complain and has a legitimate
interest in seeking to prevent (see _Turner v Grovit_ at [24]). The court
should look at all circumstances of the case to determine whether the foreign
proceedings are vexatious or oppressive (see _Koh Kay Yew_ at [19]). As was
observed in _Regalindo Resources Pte Ltd v Seatrek Trans Pte Ltd_ [2008] 3
SLR(R) 930 (“ _Regalindo_ ”) at [18] (in turn citing _Dicey Morris & Collins
on the Conflict of Laws_ vol 1 (Lawrence Collins gen ed) (Sweet & Maxwell,
14th Ed, 2006) (“ _Dicey & Morris_”) at paragraph 12-073)), vexation or
oppression may be indicated from:

[a] subjecting the other party to oppressive procedures in the foreign court,
especially a party with no substantial connection with the jurisdiction; [b]
bad faith in the institution of the proceedings, or the institutions of
proceedings which are bound to fail; [c] extreme inconvenience caused by the
foreign proceedings; [d] multiplicity of actions, especially where the foreign
action might spawn further consequential litigation which might not be
reconcilable with the foreign decision; [e] bringing proceedings which
interfere with or undermine the control of the [court of the primary forum] of
its own process; [f] bringing proceedings which could and should have formed
part of [an action brought earlier in the primary forum]; [g] bringing
proceedings for no good reason in a court which will disregard an express
choice of [law of the primary forum].

129 Mr Kumar’s submitted that it was clear that Argot has fallen foul of limb
(g) above, given that it had entered into an exclusive jurisdiction clause in
the Letter of Undertaking. For reasons as explained at [113] above, this
“breach” is not relevant in the ultimate analysis. Mr Ng, on the other hand,
characterised it as a “secondary breach”.

130 Mr Kumar further submitted that the defendants’ institution of the
Australian Proceedings was vexatious as it amounts to a subversion of the
express choice of law by the parties with the substitution of the Australian
Acts. The commencement of the Australian Proceedings which sought to apply a
law _different_ from the parties’ express choice of law was described as
“plainly vexatious” as by doing so, Australian law, which UBS AG never agreed
to, will be applied to the dispute. _Cadre SA v Astra Asigurari SA_ [2006] 1
Lloyd’s Rep 560 (“ _Cadre_ ”) (at [7] and [18]) was cited in aid of this
argument. In addition, it was submitted that as the defendants have refused to
identify the Australian remedies which they are purportedly seeking which
cannot be granted by the Singapore courts, such conduct was especially
vexatious when viewed against their actual prayers in the Australian
originating process which relate to damages or declaration, _ie_ , remedies
which can readily be obtained in Singapore.

131 Mr Kumar also highlighted the fact that as most of the witnesses and
documents are located in Singapore, the imposition to require UBS AG to send
its employees (from Singapore) and the documents (from Singapore and some from
Jersey) to Australia for the proceedings, while not entirely impossible, would
be vexatious or oppressive. This is especially so when there are not many
witnesses and in fact no documents in Australia. However, the residence of the
parties and location of the witnesses or documents are typically treated as a
neutral factor or at least not a weighty factor in the balancing exercise (see
_Kirkham_ at [37], [38] and [40]). As noted in [38] of _Kirkham_ , “the
location of witnesses is only really significant in relation to third party
witnesses _who are not in the employ of the parties_ as it could give rise to
issues of compellability” [emphasis added]. In this regard, my observations on
the compellability of Mr Betsalel at [70] above would apply with equal force
in this analysis.

132 The defendants’ institution of the Australian Proceedings was also
described as an attempt at forum shopping. It was urged that such a cynical
motive is unconscionable and an anti-suit injunction should be granted (see
_Cadre_ at [18]). Mr Kumar submitted that based on the chronology of events,
it is apparent that Telesto and Mr Tyne were well aware that UBS AG was
commencing or had commenced the Singapore Proceedings when they instituted the
Australian Proceedings on 2 November 2010\. Further, the defendants were also
fully aware that the issues in the Australian Proceedings could be raised as a
defence or counterclaim in the Singapore Proceedings (see Mr Tyne’s 2nd
Affidavit at [10]).[note: 61]

(1) Timing of the commencement of the Australian Proceedings

133 Was the Australian Proceedings commenced to vex or oppress UBS AG? In
terms of the _timing_ of the commencement of the Australian Proceedings, I
accept Mr Ng’s submission (which is supported by the Eakin letter dated 8
October 2010 (see [33] above)) that the legal action against UBS AG was
already in the contemplation of Telesto, at the very least, from as early as 8
October 2010. Hence, unlike the AR, I will be slow to impute any ulterior
motive of “getting ahead” before the Singapore Proceedings given that Telesto
had evinced its stance even prior to the commencement of the Singapore
Proceedings. I would also add that, in the ordinary scheme of things, little
weight should be assigned to the order in which the claims were brought in the
competing jurisdictions since to do so would be to encourage parties to rush
to fire the first shot as was aptly pointed out by Bingham LJ in _El Du Pont
de Nemours v Agnew_ [1987] 2 Lloyd’s Rep 585; see also _Deutsche Bank_ at
[118]. Similar sentiments were expressed by the Court of Appeal in _Rickshaw_
at [87]–[88] though I should add that it was said in the context where there
is no natural forum unlike the present case. Moreover, no argument was mounted
to the effect that Mr Tyne and/or Argot, by virtue of the former’s nationality
and/or the latter’s place of incorporation, were brought into the picture in
order to confer jurisdiction on the Australian court as was found to be the
case in _Turner v Grovit_ (at [17]).

(2) The possibility of conflicting judgments in the context of non-exclusive
jurisdiction clauses

134 It bears emphasis that the question whether an anti-suit injunction should
be granted when proceedings are brought in two jurisdictions with the
possibility of conflicting judgments has recently been answered in the
negative. The fact that there are such concurrent proceedings does not in
itself means that the conduct of either action is vexatious or oppressive or
an abuse of court, nor does that in itself justify the grant of an injunction
(see _Lee Kui Jak_ at 894; _Credit Suisse First Boston (Europe) Ltd v MLC
(Bermuda) Ltd_ [1999] CLC 579 at 596; _Airbus Industrie GIE v Patel_ [1998]
CLC 702 (“ _Patel_ ”) at 708–709). In _Patel_ , Lord Goff noted at 709 that
since, as between common law jurisdictions, there was no international treaty
governing jurisdiction issues, the basic principle was that each jurisdiction
is independent and there is “ _no embargo on concurrent proceedings in the
same matter in more than one jurisdiction_ ” [emphasis added].

135 In other words, the possibility of parallel proceedings and risks of
conflicting judgments do not, by themselves, warrant the grant of an anti-suit
injunction. This is especially so where the parties have entered into an
agreement which provides for a non-exclusive jurisdiction clause, out of which
parallel proceedings flows as a natural consequence from it. Where it is
contemplated that proceedings may be brought in more than one jurisdiction, it
cannot constitute a breach of contract nor vexatious and oppressive conduct
(see _Royal Bank of Canada v Cooperatieve Centrale Raifeissen-Boerenleenbank
BA_ [2004] 1 CLC 170 (“ _Royal Bank of Canada”_) at 205). In this connection,
with the benefit of time for a more detailed analysis, I disagree with the
AR’s holding that the “presence of a non-exclusive jurisdiction clause is, in
my view, no excuse for parallel proceedings to continue. To allow this would
be contrary to the spirit of the jurisdiction clauses and would be oppressive
to the plaintiff.”

136 Mr Ng relied on two decisions with facts seemingly similar to the present
case to demonstrate that the Australian Proceedings are not vexatious or
oppressive. The case of _Royal Bank of Canada_ involved the Royal Bank of
Canada (“RBC”), a Canadian bank having its principal place of business in
Toronto, and the defendant, Rabobank, an institution organised under the laws
of Netherlands having its principal place of business in Utrecht. Both parties
have business in London and New York. RBC’s claim was based on a swap
agreement recorded in a Total Return Swap Confirmation with Rabobank. Pursuant
to the swap agreement, Rabobank was liable to pay RBC $517m plus $6m interest
as on 28 June 2002. The swap agreement formed part of and was subject to an
International Swap Dealers Association Master Agreement which was expressly
governed by English Law and included a non-exclusive jurisdiction clause in
favour of England (see [139] below).

137 On 21 June 2002, Rabobank gave notice that it would not pay the sum due
under the swap agreement and commenced proceedings in New York claiming
rescission of the agreement and damages in the alternative on grounds of
fraudulent misrepresentation. RBC then commenced English proceedings on 24
June 2002 which was the next working day after 21 June 2002. It is significant
to note that the claims and cross-claims in the English and New York
proceedings essentially _mirrored_ each other.

138 As the New York proceedings was likely to go to trial before the English
action (12 January 2004 and 8 March 2004 respectively), RBC applied for an
anti-suit injunction. RBC agreed with Rabobank that if its application for an
anti-suit injunction should fail, the English proceedings should be stayed
pending outcome of the New York suit.

139 The Master Agreement was expressly governed by and to be construed in
accordance with English law and included the following provision:

**Governing law and jurisdiction**

**Governing law**

This agreement will be governed by and construed in accordance with the law
specified in the schedule (by part 4 of the schedule paragraph (h) English
law)

With respect to any suit action or proceedings relating to the Agreement
(‘proceedings’) each part irrevocably:-

_Submits to the jurisdiction of the English Courts_. If this Agreement is
expressed to be governed by English law.

Waives any objection which it may have at any time to the laying of venue of
any Proceedings brought in any such court, waives any claim that such
Proceedings have been brought in an inconvenient forum and further waives the
right to object with respect to such Proceedings that such court does not have
any jurisdiction over such party.

_Nothing in this Agreement precludes either party from bringing Proceedings in
any other jurisdiction ... nor will the bringing of one Proceedings in any one
or more jurisdictions preclude the bringing of Proceedings in any other
jurisdiction_.

[emphasis added]

140 RBC’s case on appeal was solely premised on the argument that by agreeing
to a non-exclusive jurisdiction clause, there is an _implied term_ that either
party must be entitled to insist that the trial should take place first in the
“primary forum”, _ie_ , where the English court was stipulated as the “primary
forum”, in any conflict as to the place of trial between the forum and any
other forum, the English court should take precedence (see _Royal Bank of
Canada_ at 172). Rejecting the appropriateness to import such an implied term,
Evans- Lombe J, delivering the decision of the English Court of Appeal, held
(at 198) that the clause in the Master Agreement was a non-exclusive
jurisdiction clause which, _inter alia_ , gave _express sanction_ to the
determination of those proceedings in a court other than the English court and
also expressly contemplated that proceedings to determine those issues _might
run parallel and simultaneously in a number of jurisdictions_ in addition to
that of the English court. Evans-Lombe J further noted (also at 198) that the
clause did not expressly deal with parallel proceedings and/or the possibility
of simultaneous trials in different jurisdictions where the issues to be tried
were substantially the same.

141 On the facts, the English Court of Appeal held that Rabobank’s pursuit of
the New York proceedings, _being permitted by the terms of agreement between
the parties_ , could not be construed as vexatious or oppressive or a breach
of contract by Rabobank. The Court of Appeal opined that it was possible that
a foreign suit, properly commenced and pursued at the outset, might become
oppressive during its course. However, it would require stronger circumstances
before a foreign suit which had been fully and properly contested up to a
point near trial could be characterised by an English court as having become
oppressive, or as having been conducted oppressively by the foreign claimant.
In the light of this, the English Court of Appeal upheld the decision of the
judge at first instance not to grant an anti-suit injunction against Rabobank.
In arriving at this decision, it is important to bear in mind that parties did
not appeal against the finding of the judge at first instance that London,
England was not the more natural or appropriate forum than New York for the
determination of the dispute (_Royal Bank of Canada_ at 201). This is quite
different from the present case given my finding that Singapore is the natural
forum to determine the dispute, the significance of which I will elaborate
below at [153] and [156].

142 In _Deutsche Bank_ , the first claimant was a German bank with its
principal place of business in Frankfurt and an office in London while the
second claimant was an associated company registered in the US with its
principal place of business in New York. The first to third defendants were a
group of companies operating as major US hedge funds. It was accepted that all
the investment decisions relating to the defendants were made in Dallas,
Texas.

143 The defendants entered an agreement to buy from the claimants tranches of
asset-backed collaterised loan obligations. These agreements took the form of
three global master purchase agreements which, in turn, were a standard form
of international finance agreement. The agreements provided for English
governing law and the non-exclusive jurisdiction of the English courts.
Paragraph 17 of the Global Master Repurchase Agreement (“GMRA”) entered into
by parties stipulated as below:

**Governing law**

This agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws
of England. Buyer and seller hereby irrevocably submit for all purposes of or
in connection with this agreement and each transaction to the jurisdiction of
the courts of England.

...

_Nothing in this paragraph shall limit the right of any party to take
proceedings in the courts of any other country of competent jurisdiction_.

[emphasis added]

144 The claimants subsequently made margin calls on the defendants which they
did not pay whereupon the claimants served default and valuation notices. On
16 October 2008, the defendants filed proceedings against the claimants in
Texas alleging, _inter alia_ , that the claimants had induced them, through
one Mr Newell, to buy securities by fraudulent or negligent misrepresentation.
The amended complaint alleged ten causes of action against the claimants (in
the English action) and one included the violation of the Texas Securities Act
(by making false and misleading misrepresentations and omissions of material
facts concerning the securities).

145 On 7 November 2008, the claimants issued proceedings in the English High
Court/Commercial Court for amounts due under the default valuation notices
(for US$70m plus interest) and applied for an anti-suit injunction preventing
the defendants from continuing the Texas proceedings. The judge at first
instance granted the anti-suit injunction and held that, absent foreseeable
change since the contractual jurisdiction had been agreed, a party would
ordinarily act vexatiously or oppressively in pursuing proceedings in a non-
contractual jurisdiction in parallel with proceedings in the contractual
jurisdiction.

146 The English Court of Appeal, however, disagreed and allowed the
defendant’s appeal as it found that in contracting for a non-exclusive
jurisdiction clause which did not clearly indicate whether prior or subsequent
parallel proceedings in a non-selected forum were permitted or prohibited,
parties would usually be taken to have anticipated and accepted the
possibility of parallel proceedings (citing _Raphael_ at paragraph 9.12 with
approval at [105]). It further held at [106] that there is _no general
presumption_ that proceedings brought in the non-contractual forum were
vexatious or oppressive unless strong grounds, which had been unforeseeable at
the time the contractual jurisdiction was agreed or were otherwise
exceptional, could be demonstrated.

147 Mr Ng drew my attention to the fact that _Royal Bank of Canada_ and
_Deutsche Bank_ both bore an important similarity with the present case, _ie_
, they all involve a claim under contract in one jurisdiction and a claim for
the tort of misrepresentation in the other. Furthermore, the other interesting
feature shared by these two cases with the present Appeals is that the claim
in tort can essentially be mounted as a defence and counterclaim against the
contractual claim. The mirroring effect of these proceedings would inevitably
lead to the possibility of conflicting judgments by the two different
jurisdictions on what is essentially the same subject matter. Yet, the anti-
suit injunction was not ordered in either _Royal Bank of Canada_ or _Deutsche
Bank_.

148 Mr Kumar expectedly sought to distinguish the two key decisions relied on
by Mr Ng. First, he highlighted the fact that in both _Royal Bank of Canada_
and _Deutsche Bank_ , the non-exclusive jurisdiction clauses, unlike the
present case, specifically provided that the parties were not precluded from
commencing legal proceedings in any other court of competent jurisdiction.
Although it is correct that the courts did observe that the clauses expressly
contemplated the pursuit of parallel proceedings, there is nothing in the
judgments to suggest that the outcome would be any different if it were
otherwise. In my view, the pivotal consideration is whether the jurisdiction
clause in question is exclusive or non-exclusive. The mere fact that the non-
exclusive jurisdiction clauses in the present case did not specifically
provide that the defendants are not precluded from commencing proceedings in
another competent court does not make it any less non-exclusive. Once the
clause is non-exclusive, certain consequences would flow from the parties’
choice in the same way that an exclusive jurisdiction clause would render the
institution of foreign proceedings a breach of contract. Both parties must be
held to their contractual bargain, no less, no more. In the instant case, it
is common ground between the parties that the jurisdiction clauses in the
Account Agreement and the Guarantee are _non-exclusive_ and the contractual
bargain contained therein does not bar the institution of foreign proceedings.
The submission made in _Royal Bank of Canada_ and _Deutsche Bank_ was premised
on the propriety to import an implied term (see the “primary forum” argument
as illustrated at [140] above). I can see no commercial reason or
justification to do so. If it was the parties’ intention that litigation ought
to be fought before one court of competent jurisdiction and no other, the
clause can simply be drafted as an exclusive jurisdiction clause rather than
be implied as a term of contract _via_ a convoluted legal fiction.

149 Secondly, Mr Kumar correctly identified that in _Deutsche Bank_ , save for
English law being stipulated as the governing law and the provision of the
non-exclusive English jurisdiction clause, there was little connection between
England and the matter in dispute. He submitted that the same could not be
said of the present case where there are ample connecting factors between
Singapore and the matter in dispute. In addition to that, unlike the present
case, there were also ample connections between Dallas, Texas and the dispute.
This together with the court’s observation that the dispute bore little
connections with England (at [120] of _Deutsche Bank_) effectively meant that
England was found not to be the natural forum. Similarly, the anti-suit
injunction was refused in _Royal Bank of Canada_ in circumstances when England
was likewise not the natural forum (at 201). Given the courts’ determination
that England was not the natural forum in those two cases, it was not
surprising that the courts did not find the institution of the foreign
proceedings to be vexatious or oppressive.

150 Would the outcome be any different if the court considering the anti-suit
injunction is the natural forum as in the present case? From my reading of the
relevant cases, in such circumstances, it appears to me that if the plaintiff
is able to show that the defendants would not suffer injustice if the foreign
proceedings are restrained, then an anti-suit injunction should be granted
(see [153]–[154] below).

The balance of justice

151 My analysis thus far may be summarised as follows:

(a) The commencement of the Australian Proceedings is not in breach of
contract (apart from Argot which I have separately dealt with in [113] above).

(b) There is no presumption that multiplicity of proceedings is vexatious. The
possibility of conflicting decisions in the context of non-exclusive
jurisdiction clauses, while undesirable is not in and of itself vexatious or
oppressive.

(c) The claims and issues in both proceedings are essentially similar though
not identical.

(d) Although there might be some differences between Australian law and
Singapore law on the common issues, the differences are “ _overstated_ ” and
are not of sufficient materiality to displace the natural forum, Singapore.

152 It is quite clear that Mr Ng relied heavily on the perceived significant
differences under the Australian Acts in his quest to highlight the juridical
advantages so as to impress upon the court that the defendants would suffer
injustice if the anti-suit injunction is not discharged. He placed
considerable weight on several decisions in aid of his proposition that the
court should discharge the anti-suit injunction:

(a)

if the court is satisfied that “there was good reason behind its institution
of the foreign legal process” (see _Regalindo_ at [22]);

(b)

where “there are substantial reasons to induce him to bring the two actions”
(see _Peruvian Guano Company v Bockwoldt_ [1883] 23 Ch D 225 at 230); and

(c)

the court will not grant an injunction, if by doing so, “it will deprive the
plaintiff of advantages in the foreign forum of which it would be unjust to
deprive him” (see _Societe Aerospatiale_ at 896).

Clearly for the cases to be relevant in the present appeal, it is imperative
for the defendants to demonstrate that there are substantial differences
between the Australian and Singapore regimes under which the former confers on
them juridical advantages not available in the latter.

153 By the same token, Mr Ng also relied on _Lee Kui Jak_ at 895 and 896 to
illustrate the point that to justify the grant of an injunction, the
[applicant] must show that:

… (a) the English court is the natural forum for the trial of the action, to
whose jurisdiction the parties are amenable; _and_(b) that justice does not
require that the action should nevertheless be allowed to proceed in the
foreign court.

…

[(c) more specifically,] the court will not grant an injunction if, by doing
so, it will deprive the [respondent] of advantages in the foreign forum of
which it would be unjust to deprive him. …

(see also _Bank of America National Trust & Savings Association v Djoni
Widjaya_ [1994] 2 SLR(R) 898 at [15]; _Seismic Shipping Inc and anor v Total E
&P UK PLC_ [2005] EWCA Civ 359 at [44]–[46] and _Royal Bank of Canada_ at
209). The rationale for this proposition is simply that if there is no
advantage which the defendant would be deprived of if the foreign proceedings
are restrained, then there is no reasonable explanation for not defending or
pursuing the claim in the natural forum. Consequently, the court is entitled
to conclude or infer that the defendants in instituting such foreign
proceedings are indeed acting vexatiously or oppressively. Viewed in this
perspective, Mr Ng understandably devoted a significant part of his
submissions on the differences between Australian and Singapore law on the
common issues, for instance, that of misrepresentation. Consistent with this
principle, in _Cadre_ at [18], the anti-suit injunction was granted to
restrain the Romanian proceedings because the English High Court found that
there was _no good reason_ for the defendant to seek to have the dispute
determined in Romania and that the proceedings were started as a defensive
step to prevent other courts from taking jurisdiction rather than because
Romania was the natural or appropriate forum to hear the dispute.

154 In response to the alleged injustice if the anti-suit injunction is not
discharged, Mr Kumar made the following points:

(a) The court may still grant an anti-suit injunction even where there would
have been some advantage to the opposing party in the foreign proceedings as
long as the court is satisfied that substantial justice would be done in the
forum. For instance, in _Kishinchand Tiloomal Bhojwani and another v Sunil
Kishinchand Bhojwani and another_ [1996] 1 SLR(R) 861 (“ _Bhojwani_ ”) at
[20]–[21], despite the defendant’s contention that she would enjoy much wider
discovery rights in New York than in Singapore, the court nevertheless granted
the injunction.

(b) In _Evergreen International SA v Volkwagen Group Singapore Pte Ltd and
ors_ [2004] 2 SLR(R) 457 (“ _Evergreen International_ ”), the defendants
argued that they would be afforded the advantage from the Belgian courts
(based on a different limitation convention in respect of the defendant’s
action in tort) where the limit of liability would be considerably higher than
the limit in Singapore. The court recognised the advantage the defendant might
have in Belgium but nonetheless granted the injunction as it found that the
limitation regime in Singapore is not an unjust regime and cannot be properly
termed as “injustice” (see [58] and [62] which, in turn, cites the decision of
G P Selvam J in _The Owners of the Ship or Vessel Ming Galaxy v The Owners of
the Ship or Vessel or Property Herceg Novi_ [1998] SGHC 303).

(c) The law is clear that even if the respondent may point to substantive and
procedural advantages available to him in the foreign court, if these
advantages are available to him only in a forum which is not the natural
forum, they will be given little weight, and may even be themselves seen as
evidence of oppression (see _Regalindo_ at [18] citing _Dicey & Morris_ at
paragraph 12-073). As Australia can hardly be said to be the natural forum of
the dispute, the alleged “advantages” (if any) should be accorded little
weight.

155 Given my finding that there are no differences of sufficient materiality
between the laws of Australia and Singapore on the issues in dispute, it must
follow that there would be no injustice to the defendants if the Australian
Proceedings are restrained by the grant of an anti-suit injunction. I should
add there is also nothing unjust about the laws of Singapore on the issue of
misrepresentation. As I have observed in [99]–[101] above, if Telesto and Mr
Tyne are able to adduce evidence to prove the facts as pleaded in the
Australian pleadings (a burden which they similarly bear under the Australian
Proceedings), they should be able to establish a _prima facie_ case of
misrepresentation in which event, the burden would be on UBS AG to prove
otherwise even under Singapore law. I agree with the AR that the “loss” of the
alleged juridical advantages does not render it “unjust” for the dispute to be
heard and determined in Singapore, which I have found to be the natural forum
of the dispute. In the premises, it must follow there would be no legitimate
reason for the defendants to pursue the Australian Proceedings. In any event,
even if the differences can amount to some juridical advantages (which I have
determined to be overstated), the court can still grant the anti-suit
injunction particularly in this case since the advantages are only available
in the Australian Proceedings which is not the natural forum of the dispute.
It is of significance that in _Bhojwani_ and _Evergreen International_ , the
courts did not find any injustice in depriving the defendants of the juridical
advantages because the advantages were only available in New York and Belgium
respectively which were not the natural fora of the dispute. There is no
reason for a different outcome, on the specific facts of this case especially
given my finding that Australia is not the natural forum of the dispute.

156 Further, the compellability of Mr Betsalel cannot be overemphasised since
he is an important and probably a key witness to the serious issue of
misrepresentation (see [70] and [131] above). The misrepresentation issue was
introduced and raised by the defendants, and there is nothing intrinsically
wrong in that since it is the defendants’ prerogative to do so. However, it
seems to me that it is oppressive for the defendants to pursue the claim in
Australia in circumstances where UBS AG is unable to compel Mr Betsalel’s
attendance at the trial. There is no written undertaking by Mr Betsalel that
he would do so and I have my doubts whether such an undertaking, even if
provided, is enforceable in Australia should he fail to turn up. Taking all
the circumstances into consideration, I arrive at the conclusion that the
defendants are acting vexatiously and/or oppressively in instituting and
continuing with the Australian Proceedings. For completeness, I should state
clearly that I would have arrived at the same conclusion even if the
compellability of Mr Betsalel had not arisen as an issue. This finding merely
made it a more _compelling_ case for the anti-suit injunction.

157 By reason of my findings, the defendants’ appeal in RA 59/2010 is also
dismissed.

Conclusion

158 Accordingly, both Appeals are dismissed with costs, on an indemnity basis,
to be taxed if not agreed. Although the law in these areas is well travelled,
Mr Hri Kumar and Mr Eddee Ng have nonetheless raised several interesting and
important issues for the court’s determination and I wish to record my
appreciation to them for their able assistance in presenting the parties’
respective submissions.

* * *

[note: 1]Plaintiff’s Bundle of Affidavits (“PBAF”) PBAF 2, Tab 11, p 8 at
[23]; pp 67 and 72

[note: 2]PBAF 1 at p 165

[note: 3]PBAF 1 at p 336

[note: 4]PBAF 1 at p 77

[note: 5]PBAF 1 at p 75

[note: 6]PBAF 1 at p 339

[note: 7]PBAF 1 at pp 161-162

[note: 8]PBAF 1 at p 341

[note: 9]PBAF 1 at pp 343-346

[note: 10]PBAF 1 at p350

[note: 11]PBAF 1 at p 348

[note: 12]PBAF 1 at pp 353-356

[note: 13]PBAF 1 at p 354

[note: 14]PBAF 1 at pp 366-370

[note: 15]PBAF 1 at pp 372-373

[note: 16]PBAF 1 at pp 375-389

[note: 17]PBAF1 at p 390

[note: 18]PBAF 1 at pp 379 and 385

[note: 19]PBAF 1 at p 400

[note: 20]PBAF 1 at pp 404-405

[note: 21]PBAF1 at pp 407-409

[note: 22]PBAF 1 at pp 411-412

[note: 23]PBAF 1 at pp 413-414

[note: 24]PBAF 1 at pp 418-440

[note: 25]PBAF 1 at p 481-509

[note: 26]PBAF 2, Tab 6 at pp 273-301

[note: 27]PBAF 2, Tab 6 at pp 277-278, [10]-[12]

[note: 28]PBAF 2, Tab 6 at pp 283-284, [40]

[note: 29]PBAF 2, Tab 6 at p 291, [68]-[72]

[note: 30]PBAF 2, Tab 6 at p 297

[note: 31]PBAF 2, Tab 6 at pp 5-6, [14]-[16] ; p 69

[note: 32]PBAF 2, Tab 6 at p 297

[note: 33]PBAF 1 at p 190

[note: 34]PBAF 1 at p 154

[note: 35]PBAF 1 at pp 213-216, 220

[note: 36]PBAF 1 at pp 242-246

[note: 37]PBAF 1 at pp 290-295

[note: 38]PBAF 1 at p 165

[note: 39]PBAF 1 at p 336

[note: 40]PBAF 1 at p 87

[note: 41]PBAF 1 at p 100

[note: 42]PBAF 1 at p 107

[note: 43]PBAF 1 at p 117

[note: 44]PBAF 1 at p 133

[note: 45]Defendant’s written submissions filed on 18 May 2011 at pp52 -53,
[72]

[note: 46]PBAF 1 at p 165

[note: 47]PBAF 1 at p 336

[note: 48]PBAF 1 at p 373

[note: 49]PBAF 1 at p 354

[note: 50]PBAF 2, Tab 7, at p 74

[note: 51]Plaintiff’s written submissions dated on 12 May 2011 at p 135, [316]

[note: 52]PBAF 2, Tab 6 at pp 282-284, [37]-[40]

[note: 53]PBAF 2, Tab 6 at pp 284-285, [41]

[note: 54]PBAF 2, Tab 6, at pp 284-286, [41]-[48]

[note: 55]PBAF 2, Tab 6, at p 286, [47]; p 290, [61]

[note: 56]PBAF 2 , Tab 6 at pp 285-286, [45]

[note: 57]PBAF 2, Tab 6 at pp 283-284, [40]

[note: 58]PBAF 2, Tab 6, at pp 284-285, [41]

[note: 59]Defendant’s written submissions filed on 18 May 2011 at pp 104-108,
[137]-[142]

[note: 60]PBAF 2 , Tab 3 at p 149

[note: 61]PBAF 2, Tab 3 at p 4, [10]

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 14 Jul 2011 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

