Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Tan Eng Hong _v_ Attorney-General  
[2011] SGHC 56

Case Number| :| Originating Summons No 994 of 2010 (Registrar's Appeal No 488
of 2010)  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 15 March 2011  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Lai Siu Chiu J  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  M Ravi (LF Violet Netto) for the plaintiff; Aedit
Abdullah, Mohamed Faizal and Gail Wong (Attorney-General Chambers) for the
defendant  
Parties| :|  Tan Eng Hong — Attorney-General  
  
15 March 2011| Judgment reserved  
---|---  
  
Lai Siu Chiu J :

Introduction

1 This was an appeal by way of Registrar’s Appeal No 488 of 2010 (“the
Appeal”) against the decision of the Assistant Registrar (“the AR”), who had
struck out the Originating Summons No 994 of 2010 (“the OS”) filed by Tan Eng
Hong (“Tan”) on the application of the Attorney-General (“the AG”).

2 Tan had been jointly charged with another person in District Arrest Case No
41402 of 2010 (“DAC 41402/2010”) for an offence under s 377A (“the charge”) of
the Penal Code (Cap 224, 2008 Rev Ed) (“the Penal Code”). Tan subsequently
filed the OS on 24 September 2010 under O 15 r 16 of the Rules of Court (Cap
322, R 5 2006 Rev Ed) (“the Rules”) to challenge the constitutionality of s
377A under the Constitution of the Republic of Singapore (1999 Rev Ed) (“the
Constitution”) as follows:

(a) Section 377A of the Penal Code was inconsistent with Article 9 of the
Constitution and was therefore void by virtue of Article 4 of the Constitution
(“Art 4”);

(b) Section 377A was inconsistent with Articles 12 and 14 of the Constitution
(“Art 12 and 14”) and was therefore void by virtue of Art 4.

(c) For those reasons, the charge brought against Tan under s 377A was void.

3 On 15 October 2010, during a pre-trial conference at the Subordinate Courts,
state counsel for the AG informed Tan that the charge against him had been
amended to one under s 294(a) of the Penal Code (“the amended charge”). The AG
then applied under Summons No 5063 of 2010 (“the striking-out application”)
pursuant to O 18 r 19 of the Rules to strike out the OS. The AR granted the
striking-out application on 7 December 2010 resulting in this Appeal. A week
later, Tan pleaded guilty to the amended charge. He was convicted and fined
$3,000.

The issues

4 In order to determine if the AR’s decision was correct, the court needs to
look at the applicable principles in three areas of law _viz_ :

(a) striking out;

(b) _locus standi_ and

(c) the requirements for the granting of declaratory relief.

5 In brief, pleadings can be struck out under O 18 r 19 of the Rules on the
ground that: (i) it discloses no reasonable cause of action; (ii) it is
scandalous, frivolous or vexatious; (iii) it may prejudice, embarrass or delay
the fair trial of the action; or (iv) it is otherwise an abuse of the process
of the Court. The burden is on the applicant to prove a very clear case that
one of the grounds in O 18 r 19 applies (_per AG of Duchy of Lancaster v
London and North Western Railway Co_ [1892] 3 Ch 274) as can be seen from the
following cases:

(a) An action may be struck out under the “no reasonable cause of action”
ground as being without legal basis where an aggrieved party is unable to
establish _locus standi_ (see _Abdul Razak Ahmad v Majlis Bandaraya Johor
Bahru_ [1995] 2 MLJ 287.

(b) According to Yong Pung How CJ in _Goh Koon Suan v Heng Gek Kiau_ [1990] 2
SLR(R) 705 at [15], an action is clearly vexatious in the following
situations:

...when the party bringing it is not acting _bona fide_ , and merely wishes to
annoy or embarrass his opponent, or when it is not calculated to lead to any
practical result.

In _Chee Siok Chin & Ors v Minister for Home Affairs & Anor_ [2006] 1 SLR(R)
582 at [33] (“ _Chee Siok Chin_ ”), V K Rajah J elaborated on the “frivolous
and vexatious” ground:

Proceedings are frivolous when they are deemed to waste the court’s time, and
are determined to be incapable of legally sustainable and reasoned argument.
Proceedings are vexatious when they are shown to be _without foundation_
and/or where they _cannot possibly succeed_ and/or where an action is brought
only for annoyance or to gain some fanciful advantage. [emphasis in original]

(c) Rajah J in _Chee Siok Chin_ also classified the abuse of process ground
into four categories (at [34]):

(i) proceedings which involve a deception on the court…;

(ii) proceedings where the process of the court is not being fairly or
honestly used but is employed for some ulterior or improper purpose or in an
improper way;

(iii) proceedings which are manifestly groundless or without foundation or
which serve no useful purpose;

(iv) multiple or successive proceedings which cause or are likely to cause
improper vexation or oppression.

6 If a court cannot grant a party declaratory relief, it is arguable that the
case is frivolous and vexatious, since it would have no practical value. To
decide whether it can indeed do so, the court should consider the requirements
for the granting of declaratory relief. In _Karaha Bodas Co LLC v Pertamina
Energy Trading Ltd and another appeal_ [2006] 1 SLR(R) 112 at [14] (“ _Karaha
Bodas_ ”), Judith Prakash J summarised them as follows:

…

(a)the court must have jurisdiction and power to award the remedy;

(b)the matter must be justiciable in the court;

(c)as a declaration is a discretionary remedy, it must be justified by the
circumstances of the case;

(d)the plaintiff must have _locus standi_ to bring the suit and there must be
a real controversy for the court to resolve;

(e)any person whose interests might be affected by the declaration should be
before the court; and

(f)there must be some ambiguity or uncertainty about the issue in respect of
which the declaration is sought so that the court’s determination would have
the effect of laying such doubts to rest.

...

7 There is considerable overlap between the principles relating to striking-
out and the granting of declaratory relief. In the light of this, this court
will address the following issues:

(a) Does Tan have _locus standi_?

(b) Is there a real controversy?

(c) Is Tan’s claim certain to fail?

(d) Does the court have jurisdiction to declare s 377A of the Penal Code
unconstitutional in view of the fact Tan did not come to court by way of s 56A
of the Subordinate Courts Act (Cap 321, 2007 Rev Ed) (“the SCA”)?

_Locus Standi_

The law on locus standi

8 In _Government of Malaysia v Lim Kit Siang_ [1988] 2 MLJ 12 at 27 (“ _Lim
Kit Siang_ ”), the majority of the Malaysian Supreme Court ruled that to
possess _locus standi_ , a plaintiff must show that he has a private right
that has been infringed. If a public right is involved, he must show that he
has suffered a peculiar damage as a result of the alleged public act and that
he has a genuine private interest to protect or further. In _Lim Kit_ Siang at
p 21, the majority had followed _Boyce v Paddington Borough Council_ [1903] 1
Ch 109, which the House of Lords accepted in _Gouriet v Union of Post Office
Workers and Others_ [1978] AC 435.

9 Tan had argued that where constitutionally guaranteed liberties are at
stake, _locus standi_ is established simply by showing sufficient interest
rather than substantial interest. In support, his counsel cited _Chan Hiang
Leng Colin & Ors v Minister for Information and the Arts_ [1996] 1 SLR(R) 294
(“ _Colin Chan_ ”). There, Karthigesu JA expounded:

13 If a constitutional guarantee is to mean anything, it must mean that any
citizen can complain to the courts if there is a violation of it. The fact
that the violation would also affect every other citizen should not detract
from a citizen’s interest in seeing that his constitutional rights are not
violated. A citizen should not have to wait until he is prosecuted before he
may assert his constitutional rights.

14 There is thus no need for the appellants to show that they are office
holders in IBSA or members thereof. Their right to challenge Order 405/1994
arises not from membership of any society. Their right arises from every
citizen’s right to profess, practise and propagate his religious beliefs. If
there was a breach of Art 15, such a breach would affect the citizen _qua_
citizen. If a citizen does not have _sufficient interest_ to see that his
constitutional rights are not violated, then it is hard to see who has.

[emphasis added]

Colin Chan

10 Before applying the test to the case, one must first be clear as to the
proposition that _Colin Chan_ stands for. Contrary to the submissions of Tan’s
counsel, it is not immediately obvious from Karthigesu JA’s passing reference
to “sufficient interest”, that he was articulating a test akin to its English
counterpart. Academics Kevin Tan and Thio Li-Ann (“Tan and Thio”) have gone
even further than Tan’s counsel. In _Constitutional Law in Malaysia and
Singapore_ (LexisNexis, 3rd Ed, 2010) at p 551, they wrote, “Where
constitutionally- guaranteed liberties are at stake, _locus standi_ is
established without the need to show sufficiency of interest” before making
reference to _Colin Chan_.

11 A more defensible interpretation is that Karthigesu JA was simply treating
constitutional rights as being vested in every citizen. He was not
articulating a new test that specifically applied to constitutional rights.
Instead, he simply preferred applying the “substantial interest” test instead
of the “special damage” test that is used for public rights and had ruled that
the former was satisfied in _Colin Chan_. This interpretation was supported by
the Court of Appeal’s decision in _Eng Foong Ho and Ors v Attorney-General_
[2009] 2 SLR(R) 542 (“ _Eng Foong Ho_ ”). If _Colin Chan_ had articulated a
new _locus standi_ requirement for constitutional rights, the Court of Appeal
in _Eng Foong Ho_ might have been expected to have made reference to it. That
the Court of Appeal did not do so strongly suggests _Colin Chan_ is no
authority for Tan’s proposition of a lower test of _locus standi_ for
constitutional rights. This is further supported by the Chief Justice’s speech
to students from the Singapore Management University (reproduced in the
article _Judicial Review – From Angst to Empathy_ (2010) 22 SAcLJ 469 (“SMU
Lecture”), where Chan Sek Keong CJ noted at para 33:

…In Singapore, although the courts appear to have accepted the same
‘sufficient interest’ test to determine whether leave for judicial review
should be granted, that is not, in my view, also to say that our courts will
apply the test with the same rigour as the UK courts.

12 In so far as the test of Tan and Thio may be taken as saying being a
citizen in itself gives one _locus standi_ , this should be rejected. Even
Lord Denning, who attempted many times to liberalise the rules on locus standi
in England, opined in _R. v Greater London Council Ex p Blackburn_ [1976] 1
WLR 550 at 559 that _locus standi_ should be denied to “mere busybodies”. To
allow people to challenge an allegedly unconstitutional law simply because
they are citizens is undesirable for various reasons. First, priority should
be given to parties with a genuine dispute. Second, as Salleh Abas LP
commented in _Lim Kit Siang_ at p 25, a sufficiently robust threshold will
ensure the courts do not adjudicate upon politically motivated litigation:

…In my judgment, the court should be slow to respond to a politically
motivated litigation unless the claimant can show that his private rights as a
citizen are affected. Similar caution was expressed by Salmon LJ in
Blackburn’s case [1971] 1 WLR 1037 saying that he deprecated ‘litigations the
purpose of which is to influence political decisions’. Thus as a politician,
the respondent’s remedy in this matter does not lie with the court, but with
Parliament and the electorate.

In _Australian Conservation Foundation Incorporated v Commonwealth of
Australia and Others_ (1980) 146 CLR 493 at 530, Gibbs J ruled:

A belief, however strongly felt, that the law generally or a particular law
should be observed or that conduct of a particular kind should be prevented,
does not suffice to give its possessor _locus standi_.

Constitutional rights are not mere rhetoric for a low _locus standi_ test of
citizenship to apply.

13 _Colin Chan_ , therefore, should not be seen as introducing a new test of
_locus standi_ for constitutional cases. Instead, it should be interpreted as
merely saying that to satisfy the “substantial interest” test, a putative
litigant has to allege a violation of his constitutional rights.

Are there constitutional rights at stake in order for Colin Chan to apply?

14 Regardless of which interpretation the court takes of _Colin Chan_ , it
will only be applicable if constitutional rights are involved. This
necessitates investigating whether Arts 9, 12 and 14 of the Constitution are
in issue.

15 Article 9(1) states: “No person shall be deprived of his life or personal
liberty save in accordance with law.” Article 9(1) is engaged only if
expansive definitions are made of “life” and “personal liberty”, such that a
citizen has the liberty to lead his life as he pleases. However, our courts
have eschewed such wide interpretations. For example, Choo Han Teck J in _Lo
Pui Sang v Mamata Kapildev Dav and Ors (Horizon Partners Pte Ltd intervener)_
[2008] 4 SLR(R) 754 at [6] (“ _Lo Pui Sang_ ”) said:

…I do not think that the phrase ‘personal liberty’ in Art 9 was a reference to
a right of personal liberty to contract. It has always been understood to
refer only to the personal liberty of the person against unlawful
incarceration or detention.

Therefore, Art 9 of the Constitution has not been triggered. It should be
noted that _Lo Pui Sang_ was overturned on appeal to the Court of Appeal.
However, the Court of Appeal did not consider the constitutional issues that
the High Court had considered, see _Ng Eng Ghee and others v Mamata Kapildev
Dave and others (Horizon Partners Pte Ltd, intervener) and another appeal_
[2009] 3 SLR(R) 109 at [53].

16 Article 12(1) reads:

All persons are equal before the law and entitled to the equal protection of
the law.

According to the Court of Appeal in _Yong Vui Kong v Public Prosecutor_ [2010]
3 SLR 489 at [109] (applying _Nguyen Tuong Van v Public Prosecutor_ [2005] 1
SLR(R) 103 at [70]), s 377A’s differentiating measure would be consistent with
Art 12(1) only if: (a) the classification was founded on an intelligible
differentia; and (b) the differentia bears a rational relation to the object
sought to be achieved by the law in question. On the arguments alone, this
court is of the opinion that Tan’s case does engage Art 12(1). Although s 377A
is founded on an intelligible differentia (because it applies to sexually-
active male homosexuals), it is arguable that there is no social objective
that can be furthered by criminalising male but not female homosexual
intercourse. Therefore, _Colin Chan_ should apply.

17 Article 14 guarantees a citizen’s freedom of speech, assembly and
association. Although Tan referred to Art 14 in his Notice of Appeal, his
counsel made no written submissions on this ground. Consequently, there is no
necessity to address it here.

What constitutes an injury or violation of constitutional rights?

18 Since Art 12 was involved, _Colin Chan_ applied. Tan needed to show he had
suffered an injury or violation of his constitutional rights. The AG had
argued that with the charge being dropped, Tan was unable to prove his case.
This was a mistaken view. While the act of prosecution itself can be a
violation of one’s constitutional rights, it does not follow that a violation
cannot occur without a prosecution. Karthigesu JA made this abundantly clear
in _Colin Chan_ at [13], “A citizen should not have to wait until he is
prosecuted before he may assert his constitutional rights”.

19 There were two ways Tan’s constitutional rights may arguably have been
violated. First, the presence of an unconstitutional law on the statute books
may suffice. The AG had sought to distinguish _Colin Chan_ on the basis that
the parties’ rights there were violated by the ban on certain materials, as
opposed to prosecution. The underlying premise – that the violation must come
from a physical act – was refuted by Karthigesu JA’s following dicta in _Colin
Chan_ at [19]:

Although we agree with the learned judge that the constitutional rights to
freedom of religion and expression would give the appellants _locus standi_ ,
we are not able to agree with her that the fact that the appellants were
facing prosecution for being in possession of prohibited publications under
the Undesirable Publications Act also gives them _locus standi_. We think that
this is an irrelevant consideration in an application for leave to issue
_certiorari_ proceedings.

20 The spectre of future prosecution was the second way Tan’s rights could be
said to have been infringed. This argument was accepted by the High Court of
Australia in _Croome and another v State of Tasmania_ (1997) 142 ALR 397 at
402 and the Hong Kong Court of Appeal in _Leung T C William Roy v Secretary
for Justice_ [2006] HKLRD 211 at [29] (“ _Leung T C William Roy_ ”), cases
cited by Tan’s counsel. Therefore, Tan’s claim should not be struck out on the
ground that he lacked _locus standi_ although it can be on other grounds dealt
with below.

21 In this court’s view, _Colin Chan_ did not introduce a new test for the
litigation of constitutional rights. Nevertheless, it is arguable on the facts
that Tan’s constitutional rights may have been violated. Consequently, he had
satisfied the “substantial interest” test for _locus standi_.

Real Controversy requirement

Applicable law

22 Lord Dunedin in _The Russian Commercial & Industrial Bank v British Bank
for Foreign Trade_ [1921] 2 AC 438, stated the following at 448:

…The question must be a real and not a theoretical question; the person
raising it must have a real interest to raise it; he must be able to secure a
proper contradictor, that is to say, someone presently existing who has a true
interest to oppose the declaration sought.

…

23 In _Lim Kit Siang_ at p 27, Abdul Hamid CJ explained the requirement’s
rationale as being rooted in the common law’s adversarial system:

…Self-interest is seen as the motivating force that will ensure that the
parties present their respective positions in the best possible light. If the
motivation of self-interest is non-existent so that the ensuing dispute is not
with respect to contested rights and obligations of the parties themselves,
then the assurance of diligent preparation and argument cannot exist….

The decision

24 It is for the reason that there was no real controversy in issue here that
this court affirms the decision made below and upholds the striking-out order.

25 There was no real controversy here because while there were specific facts
involving specific parties, the facts were merely hypothetical. Granted, there
were identifiable parties with the “motivation of self-interest” to make the
diligent preparation identified by Abdul Hamid CJ as being essential to the
adversarial trial. This however is insufficient. In _Salijah bte Ab Latef v
Mohd Irwan bin Abdullah Teo_ [1996] 2 SLR(R) 80 at [60], Yong Pung How CJ
held:

The primary consideration in this appeal is whether there is a real contest of
the legal rights. The editors of Zamir and Woolf have identified one rationale
for the reluctance of the courts to deal with theoretical issues - that it
distracts the courts from deciding real, subsisting problems. A stronger
reason is that if there is in fact no real issue subsisting, then the matter
would not be _res judicata_ , nor the issue merged in judgment. In that event,
it would be open for the issue to be reopened again and again. The need for
the existence of a contested dispute is to ensure that there is finality in
the court's judgments as well.

26 Tan had relied on _Leung T C William Roy_ to support his argument. There,
the Hong Kong Court of Appeal (at [28]) accepted there could be adjudication
on hypothetical facts, but only in exceptional cases. The AG sought to
distinguish this case on the basis that it revolved around the International
Covenant on Civil and Political Rights, which Hong Kong has incorporated into
its laws. The treaty has no force of law in Singapore. There are other reasons
not to follow the case:

(a) The Hong Kong court’s criterion of “exceptional cases” was vague. There is
a danger that constitutional challenges may be brought willy-nilly and
accepted blindly under this amorphous phrase. Of course, this may be negated
if there are principled ways to carving out an exception. However, an
exceptional case, by nature, cannot be defined in order to provide guidance by
precedent.

(b) The Hong Kong court reasoned that access to justice can only be gained by
the applicant breaking the law. It referred to the opinion of Advocate-General
Jacobs in _Union de Pequenos Agricultores v Council of the European Union_
[2003] QB 893 at [43]:

... Individuals clearly cannot be required to breach the law in order to gain
access to justice.

In Singapore, it is arguable that individuals are not compelled to resort to
such extremes. They can request the President to refer the issue to the
Constitutional Tribunal under Art 100 of the Constitution. As there is an
established procedure through which guidance may be obtained in the absence of
specific facts, there is no reason to relax the “real controversy” requirement
in order to avoid the situation where individuals break the law in order to
obtain standing. It should be noted, however, that Chan CJ’s extra-judicial
view was that Art 100 of the Constitution was not intended to apply to
hypothetical disputes (SMU Lecture). The basis for his view was that Art 100
was enacted in 1994 to deal with a specific dispute between organs of state.
The following portion of his speech merits quotation (SMU Lecture at para 4):

…Article 100 was enacted for the purpose of resolving actual and potential
disputes of a similar nature between constitutional organs, and not to obtain
advisory opinions on hypothetical cases from the courts…

(c) Further, there was nothing at stake for Tan. It bears remembering that Tan
had already pleaded guilty and had been convicted under s 294 of the Penal
Code. In bringing the OS, he stood to benefit from a judicial declaration that
s 377A is unconstitutional while suffering no prejudice, leaving aside the
matter of costs. This arguably goes against the spirit of the adversarial
process where the parties’ conduct is conditioned by the possibility of gain
and/or loss.

27 Given that the charge was dropped, there are no subsisting facts upon which
there can be _res judicata_. Hence, it may be argued that Tan’s claim has no
real practical value and should therefore be struck out.

Certainty of failure

Applicable law

28 The Court of Appeal in _Gabriel Peter & Partners (suing as a firm) v Wee
Chong Jin & Ors_ [1997] 3 SLR(R) 649 at [21] emphasised that a high threshold
of failure must be met before it would strike out a claim:

…As long as the statement of claim discloses some cause of action, or raises
some question fit to be decided at the trial, the mere fact that the case is
weak and is not likely to succeed is no ground for striking it out...

29 Similarly, in _The Tokai Maru_ [1998] 2 SLR(R) 646 at [44], the Court of
Appeal held:

…A reasonable defence means one which has some chance of success when only the
allegations in the pleadings are considered: _per_ Lord Pearson in _Drummond-
Jackson v British Medical Association_ [1970] 1 All ER 1094, cited with
approval by Rubin J in _Active Timber Agencies Pte Ltd v Allen & Gledhill_
[1995] 3 SLR(R) 334 . The hearing of the application should not therefore
involve a minute examination of the documents or the facts of the case in
order to see whether there is a reasonable defence. To do that is to usurp the
position of the trial judge and the result is a trial in chambers, on
affidavits only, without discovery and without oral evidence tested by cross-
examination in the ordinary way (see _Wenlock v Moloney_ [1965] 2 All ER 871).
The mere fact that the defence is weak and not likely to succeed is no ground
for striking it out, so long as the pleadings raise some question to be
decided by the court (see _Attorney-General of The Duchy of Lancaster v London
and North Western Railway Co_ [1892] 3 Ch 274). In short, the defence has to
be obviously unsustainable on its face to justify an application to strike
out.

Legal analysis

30 Having a high threshold is consistent with the rationale of the striking-
out procedure, that is to filter out claims where no further investigation
could provide any appreciable assistance to the task of reaching a correct
outcome. However, this case does not fall within the category. Tan’s case was
not completely without merit, especially on the ground of Art 12. Furthermore,
his case raised many novel issues that deserved more detailed treatment, for
example:

(a) whether an unconstitutional law in itself can constitute an injury or
violation to one’s constitutional rights; and

(b) whether Art 14 can encompass a right to express one’s homosexual sexual
orientation.

31 The AG had submitted that Tan was certain to fail given that he had no
_locus standi_ to seek a declaration that s 377A of the Penal Code contravened
the Constitution. This argument was dealt with under the issue of _locus
standi_. Here, the issue is whether the case is so weak, as gleaned from the
pleadings, that it should be struck out because the result is a foregone
conclusion. This threshold has not been satisfied.

The court’s jurisdiction to grant declaratory relief

Judicial power and jurisdiction

32 To grant declaratory relief, the courts have insisted that the declaration
sought must be in relation to a vested right. Judith Prakash J held in _Karaha
Bodas Co LLC v Pertamina Energy Trading Ltd_ [2006] 1 SLR(R) 112 at [25]:

... CPR Part 40.20 is the rule reflecting the English court's power to grant
declaratory reliefs. This is a new rule and it replaced the old rule that was
_in pari materia_ with our O 15 r 16 which, as it may be recalled, reads:

No action or other proceedings shall be open to objection on the ground that a
merely declaratory judgment or order is sought thereby, and the Court may make
binding declarations _of right_ whether or not any consequential relief is or
could be claimed…[emphasis added]

The new CPR Part 40.20 differs from the above provision in that it does not
state that a declaration has to be "of right". In Singapore, the legislation
concerning the power to grant declaratory reliefs still includes the
requirement that the declaration be one of right. This restriction has been
taken out of the English provisions and the English courts therefore,
arguably, have more wide-ranging powers than we do. When Lord Diplock made his
famous pronouncement in _Gouriet_ , the legislation in force was identical to
our O 15 r 16. That same identical provision was in force (and the exact
wording was set out in the judgment) when Neill LJ held in _Meadows_ that he
was bound by Lord Diplock's holding. As a matter of construction of the
court's powers, therefore, as far as the Singapore courts are concerned, the
approach of Lord Diplock is as authoritative as it ever was. This approach was
adopted by the local cases of _Salijah_ ([14]  _supra_) and _British & Malayan
Trustees_ ([21]  _supra_) where the court agreed that a declaration should
only be granted when it concerned the rights of the parties represented in the
litigation. We found no compelling reason to change that position.

33 Selvam J explained the reason for this requirement in _Singapore Airlines
Limited & Anor v The Inland Revenue Authority of Singapore & the Comptroller
of Income Tax_ [1999] 2 SLR(R) 1097 at [23]:

That provision [Rules of Court O 15 r 16] does not mean that declaratory
orders can be sought by all and sundry irrespective of whether there was a
justiciable issue between the parties. It can be sought only by persons who
have a right to enforce against a defendant or by persons who say that he
himself is not liable. It is not the function or purpose of the courts to
render legal opinion to indirect parties.

34 This requirement has been satisfied on the facts since constitutional
rights are vested in each person and those of Tan had been affected. The next
step is to determine whether Tan had committed an abuse of process by not
referring the constitutional issue to the High Court under s 56A of the SCA.

Was avoiding s 56A of the SCA an abuse of process?

35 This was the last ground of the AG’s arguments that Tan’s claim should be
struck out as an abuse of process. Section 56A(1) of the SCA (“s 56A(1)”)
states:

Where in any proceedings in a subordinate court a question arises as to the
interpretation or effect of any provision of the Constitution, the court
hearing the proceedings may stay the proceedings on such terms as may be just
to await the decision of the question on the reference to the High Court.

36 Before proceeding further, it should be noted that (as the AG pointed out),
s 56A had been repealed since 2 January 2011 (_vide_ s 430 of the Criminal
Procedure Code 2010 (Act No 15 of 2010) (“the CPC 2010”) read with para 105(c)
of the Sixth Schedule of the same Act and para 2 of the Criminal Procedure
Code (Commencement) Notification 2010 (S776/2010)). The Criminal Procedure
Code 2010 has an equivalent provision in s 395 of the CPC 2010. Section 56A is
nevertheless applicable in the present case. The CPC 2010 has a transitional
provision which is s 429 CPC 2010. Section 429(2) of the CPC 2010 provides as
follows:

(2) This Code shall not affect —

(_a_) any inquiry, trial or other proceeding commenced or pending under the
repealed Code before the appointed day, and every such inquiry, trial or other
proceeding may be continued and everything in relation thereto may be done in
all respects after that day as if this Code had not been enacted; and

(_b_) any further proceedings which may be taken under the repealed Code in
respect of any inquiry, trial or other proceeding which has commenced or is
pending before the appointed day, and such further proceedings may be taken
and everything in relation thereto may be done in all respects after that day
as if this Code had not been enacted.

The “appointed day” referred to under s 429(2)(_a_) of the CPC 2010 is 2
January 2011 (see s 429(25), CPC 2010 read with para 2 of the Criminal
Procedure Code (Commencement) Notification 2010 (S776/2010)). DAC 41402/2010
was commenced before 2 January 2011. Accordingly, the relevant provision for
the court to consider is s 56A.

37 Returning to the issue of whether avoidance of s 56A is an abuse of
process, four questions should be considered. The first one is whether s 56A
even applies in the first place. In _Ng Chye Huey and another v Public
Prosecutor_ [2007] 2 SLR(R) 106 the court held:

17 ...These jurisdictional rules are essential to the orderly conduct of
litigation in our courts. Without a sufficiently clear delineation of the
respective spheres of dominion of each level of our hierarchy of our courts,
chaos would inevitably result as parties seek, willy-nilly and solely for
their own advantage, to bring their applications before different levels of
court in an instrumental, haphazard and legally unprincipled fashion

57 ...Litigants should not be allowed the luxury of ‘switching’ their cases
between the criminal and civil realms with complete impunity. To allow parties
to successfully mount such arguments would encourage future resort of
unorthodox and objectionable manoeuvres in the hope of circumventing onerous
procedural requirements...

Tan had argued that s 56A did not apply because there were no existing
criminal proceedings in place. That argument can be countered by the fact that
criminal proceedings were ongoing at the time Tan applied to challenge the
constitutionality of s 377A. Therefore, s 56A did apply.

38 Second, even if s 56A applied, was it exclusive? In other words, was it the
only means by which a constitutional question may be raised in Subordinate
Court proceedings? There is no clear evidence that Parliament’s intention was
for s 56A to be the exclusive mode for raising constitutional questions
arising in the course of criminal proceedings in the Subordinate Courts. When
debating the Subordinate Courts (Amendment) Bill, Singapore Parliamentary
Debates, Official Report (13 April 1993) Vol 61 at column 132, Professor S
Jayakumar had commented:

Finally, Sir, clause 22 empowers a Subordinate Court to refer any
constitutional issue arising in an action before it to the High Court for
determination. This is only right because a Subordinate Court is not the
appropriate forum to determine such an issue. Provision is made for the
Attorney-General to be heard on any such issue.

Yong Pung How CJ noted in _Chan Hiang Leng Colin and Others v Public
Prosecutor_ [1994] 3 SLR(R) 209 at [8]:

A crucial aspect of this case was the fact that the lower court was a
Subordinate Court and this court was of course now sitting as an appellate
court. The jurisdiction of the District Court was limited, as there was no
provision in the Subordinate Courts Act (Cap 321) which was equivalent to para
1 of the First Schedule to the Supreme Court of Judicature Act (Cap 322)
("SCJA") which conferred upon the High Court the power of judicial review. As
such, the District Court could not have determined the constitutional issues
raised.

Professor Jayakumar and Yong CJ’s words only go to show why it is necessary to
make a constitutional reference – because the Subordinate Courts lack the
jurisdiction to adjudicate upon such matters. There was no mention that the
reference procedure is exclusive.

39 Then again, despite there being no clear evidence, it is arguable that a
purposive reading of s 56A and its related case-law indicates an exclusive
regime. Tay Yong Kwang J ruled in _Johari bin Kanadi and another v Public
Prosecutor_ [2008] 3 SLR(R) 422 at [9] that:

…This discretion, properly exercised after judicial consideration of the
merits of the application, will prevent unnecessary delay and possible abuse
every time a party in the proceedings purports to raise an issue of
constitutional interpretation and effect.

40 This purported role of the Subordinate Courts as the gatekeeper for
constitutional issues arising in its proceedings would be rendered nugatory if
the s 56A regime was not mandatory and exclusive.

41 The third question is even if s 56A is exclusive, was Tan’s error in not
making a s 56A application remediable? On the one hand, O 2 r 1(3) of the
Rules provides that the court is not to set aside an originating process
merely on the basis that it was not the proper one. On the other hand, an
approach which is too relaxed may incentivise parties to “take their chances”
and not make an application under s 56A first.

42 On the whole, it is more likely that s 56A was meant as an exclusive
regime. However, it cannot be said that it is a “very clear case” that this is
so. Given that a “very clear case” is a requirement for striking-out, the
striking-out application cannot be granted on this ground.

Conclusion

43 Having reviewed the law and the applicable principles, this court is of the
view that Tan undoubtedly had _locus standi_ to raise a constitutional issue
as he had satisfied the “substantial interest” test in _Colin Chan_. It was
also not clear on the state of the law as of 24 September 2010 that Tan must
apply under s 56A of the SCA to bring his case to court. What he failed to
prove was that there was a real controversy in issue as the charge had been
withdrawn. Consequently, the Appeal is dismissed on this ground with costs to
the AG.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 15 Mar 2011 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

