Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Astrata (Singapore) Pte Ltd _v_ Portcullis Escrow Pte Ltd and another and
other matters  
[2011] SGCA 20

Case Number| :| Civil Appeals Nos 158 and 159 of 2010 and Originating Summons
No 1082 of 2010  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 29 April 2011  
Tribunal/Court| :| Court of Appeal  
Coram| :|  Chan Sek Keong CJ; Andrew Phang Boon Leong JA; V K Rajah JA  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Andy Leck, Gerald Kuppusamy, Fong Lee Cheng and Shaun Lee
(Wong & Leow LLC) for the appellant in Civil Appeal No 158 of 2010 and Civil
Appeal No 159 of 2010 and for the applicant in Originating Summons No 1082 of
2010; Ronald Choo and Ang Siok Hoon (Rajah & Tann LLP) for the first
respondent in Civil Appeal No 158 of 2010 and the second respondent in Civil
Appeal No 159 of 2010 and for the first respondent in Originating Summons No
1082 of 2010; Davinder Singh SC, Jaikanth Shankar and Zhuo Jiaxiang (Drew &
Napier LLC) for the second respondent in Civil Appeal No 158 of 2010 and the
first respondent in Civil Appeal No 159 of 2010 and for the second respondent
in Originating Summons No 1082 of 2010.  
Parties| :|  Astrata (Singapore) Pte Ltd — Portcullis Escrow Pte Ltd and
another  
  
[LawNet Editorial Note: The decision from which this appeal arose is reported
at [2011] 1 SLR 449.]

29 April 2011| Judgment reserved.  
---|---  
  
Chan Sek Keong CJ (delivering the judgment of the court):

1 There are before us two appeals and an application for leave to appeal by
Astrata (Singapore) Pte Ltd (“Astrata”) against the decisions of the Judge
(“the Judge”) in, respectively, Originating Summons No 171 of 2010 (“the
Injunction Application”), Originating Summons No 690 of 2010 (“the Declaration
Application”) and Summons No 3264 of 2010 (“the Stay Application”).

2 The respondents in the proceedings before us are Tridex Technologies Pte Ltd
(“Tridex”) and Portcullis Escrow Pte Ltd (“PEPL”). The judgment in respect of
the two appeals is reported in _Astrata (Singapore) Pte Ltd v Tridex
Technologies Pte Ltd and another and other matters_ [2011] 1 SLR 449 (“the
Judgment”). The judgment from which the application for leave to appeal is
made in Originating Summons No 1082 of 2010 (“the Leave Application”) is
reported in _Portcullis Escrow Pte Ltd v Astrata (Singapore) Pte Ltd and
another_ [2010] SGHC 302.

Background

3 Astrata is a company incorporated in Singapore and is part of the Astrata
group of companies, of which the ultimate holding company is Astrata Group
Incorporated (“AGI”), a company incorporated in Nevada, USA. Astrata is in the
business of designing and developing advanced location-based information
technology services and solutions that combine global positioning systems,
wireless communication (satellite or terrestrial) and geographical information
technology. These solutions enable businesses, institutions and governments to
monitor, trace and control the movement and status of machinery vehicles,
personnel or other assets.

4 In a Supply Agreement dated 10 April 2007 (“the Supply Agreement”), Astrata
agreed to develop and supply an electronic plate system to Tridex. The Supply
Agreement was defined as comprising the Supply Agreement itself and any Points
of Agreement (“PoA”) between Astrata and Tridex, of which 12 were eventually
executed. The Supply Agreement provided for arbitration with respect to any
disputes between the parties.

5 Pursuant to PoA #7 dated 10 October 2007, Astrata, Tridex and PEPL entered
into a tripartite Escrow Agreement (“the Escrow Agreement”) on 23 October
2007. The Escrow Agreement designated PEPL as the Escrow Agent to hold in
escrow the Comprehensive Source Code and the Comprehensive Engineering
Diagrams (collectively “the Escrow Property”) which Astrata was required to
deliver to Tridex under the Supply Agreement. The Escrow Agreement also
stipulated in cll 7(i)(c) and 7(ii)(b) a list of events on the occurrence of
any of which PEPL was obliged to release the Escrow Property to Tridex (the
“triggering events” or a “triggering event”, as the case may be). We will
refer to these contractual arrangements in more detail later.

How disputes came about

6 Disagreements developed between Astrata and Tridex under the Supply
Agreement and the Escrow Agreement. The dispute surfaced after AGI sought
Chapter 11 reorganisation under the United States Bankruptcy Code on 6 August
2009, after a failed voluntary restructuring proposal. Its final
Reorganisation Plan (“the Reorganisation Plan”) was confirmed by the competent
United States court on 15 December 2009 and became effective on 4 January 2010
(“AGI’s Chapter 11”). AGI’s Chapter 11 resulted in a change of shareholder
control of AGI and is now controlled by a new shareholder called Fame Trading
Ltd holding 94.5% of the shares in AGI.[note: 1]

7 On 5 February 2010, Tridex purported to terminate the Supply Agreement on
the ground that Astrata had breached its obligations under the Supply
Agreement. On the same day, Tridex wrote to PEPL stating that it was invoking
its rights under the Escrow Agreement on the ground that a triggering event in
cl 7(i)(c) had occurred, _viz_ , AGI’s Chapter 11 which in Tridex’s view
constituted an arrangement for the benefit of AGI’s creditors. Tridex further
notified PEPL that it would call for the delivery of the Comprehensive Source
Code at the appropriate time.

8 Astrata objected to Tridex’s claim that AGI’s Chapter 11 was a triggering
event, and in a letter dated 9 February 2010, instructed PEPL not to release
the Escrow Property as AGI’s scheme of arrangement was “for the purpose of a
genuine amalgamation or reconstruction” (as per the language in cll 7(i)(c)
and 7(ii)(b) of the Escrow Agreement: see also [11] below). In this judgment,
we shall refer to this dispute as “the Bilateral Dispute”. In the same letter,
Astrata also sought confirmation from PEPL that it had not delivered the
Escrow Property to Tridex. When Astrata did not receive any response from
PEPL, Astrata filed the Injunction Application to restrain (a) Tridex from
requiring PEPL to deliver the Escrow Property, and (b) PEPL from delivering
the Escrow Property, pending the determination of the Bilateral Dispute by an
arbitral tribunal under the Supply Agreement.

9 PEPL responded by filing an interpleader summons which it later withdrew in
order to file the Declaration Application (which also included interpleader
relief). The declaration sought was whether “the conditions in cl 7(i)(c) and
cl 7(ii)(b) had been satisfied”, _ie_ , any triggering event had occurred,
thereby entitling PEPL to release the Escrow Property to Tridex. In response
to the filing of the Declaration Application, Astrata filed the Stay
Application pursuant to s 11A of the International Arbitration Act (Cap 143A,
2002 Rev Ed) (“IAA”) to stay the hearing of the Declaration Application until
the Bilateral Dispute has been determined by an arbitral tribunal to be
appointed under the Supply Agreement.

Material issues in this case

10 In this judgment, instead of discussing the Judge’s decisions and his
reasoning with reference to the Injunction Application, the Stay Application
or the Declaration Application, we shall only consider the two material issues
that have arisen from the facts of this case. The first (under Civil Appeal No
158 of 2010) is whether the Bilateral Dispute is subject to cl 29.1 (the
arbitration clause) in the Supply Agreement (“the Jurisdiction Issue”). If the
Bilateral Dispute is referable to arbitration, the second issue (under Civil
Appeal No 159 of 2010) will not arise and the proceedings in this case will be
stayed pending the outcome of the arbitration which Astrata has already
initiated under cl 29.1 of the Supply Agreement. If the Bilateral Dispute is
_not_ referable to arbitration, however, the second issue arises as to whether
AGI’s Chapter 11 is a triggering event under cll 7(i)(c) and 7(ii)(b) of the
Escrow Agreement (“the Substantive Issue”). If the Substantive Issue is
decided against Astrata, Tridex would be entitled to call for delivery of the
Escrow Property from PEPL. Conversely, if the Substantive Issue is decided in
Astrata’s favour, Tridex would not be entitled to delivery of the Escrow
Property. Accordingly, the disposition of Astrata’s application in Originating
Summons No 1082 of 2010, for leave to appeal against the Judge’s declaration
in the Judgment that cll 7(i)(c) and 7(ii)(b) had been satisfied on the facts
(_viz_ , the Leave Application), would hinge on the outcome of the Substantive
Issue.

11 With respect to the Jurisdictional Issue, the Judge held that the Bilateral
Dispute was not referable to arbitration under the Supply Agreement, and
accordingly dismissed both the Injunction Application and the Stay
Application. With respect to the Substantive Issue, the Judge proceeded on the
basis that AGI’s Chapter 11 was an arrangement for the benefit of creditors
and held that it constituted a triggering event under cll 7(i)(c) and 7(ii)(b)
of the Escrow Agreement because (a) the saving clause “save for the purpose of
a genuine amalgamation or reconstruction” (“the Saving Clause”) did not apply
to that triggering event, but that even if it did, (b) AGI’s Chapter 11 was
not a “reconstruction” for the purposes of the Saving Clause. We shall examine
first the Jurisdictional Issue as it is logically prior to the Substantive
Issue.

The Jurisdictional Issue

12 The material provisions pertaining to the Jurisdictional Issue are found in
cll 21.1 and 29.1 of the Supply Agreement, PoA #7 and cll 7, 18 and 20(c) of
the Escrow Agreement.

13 Clause 21.1 of the Supply Agreement (which contains the entire agreement
clause) provides as follows:

Subject to the [PoAs] which have been executed and shall be executed between
[Tridex] on one hand and [AGI] and [Astrata] on the other in relation to this
Supply Agreement, this Supply Agreement constitutes the entire agreement
between the Parties in relation to the subject matter herein, and supersedes
all prior representations, agreements, statements and understandings, whether
verbal or in writing.

14 Clause 29.1 (which contains the arbitration agreement between Astrata and
Tridex) provides as follows:

If there is a dispute relating to any claim or controversy arising out of, or
in connection with this Supply Agreement, including any question regarding its
formation, existence, validity, enforceability, performance, interpretation,
breach, or termination (the “Dispute”) ... then the Dispute may at the
election of either Party be finally settled under the Rules of Arbitration of
the International Chamber of Commerce by one or more arbitrators appointed in
accordance with the said Rules.

15 PoA #7 contains the parties’ agreement to put the Escrow Property into
escrow, to be released to Tridex upon the occurrence of any of the triggering
events. Clause 1(v)(c) of PoA #7 provides that the Comprehensive Source Code
kept by (the nominated escrow agent):

1) … shall be:

v) released to Tridex ...

c) If [Astrata] and/or [AGI] (but not any of its subsidiaries or associates
other than Astrata (Asia Pacific) Pte Ltd or [Astrata]) (hereinafter
singularly or collectively referred to as “ASAG”) ceases or threatens to cease
to carry on its business; if a receiver, administrator or similar officer is
appointed over all or any part of the assets or undertaking of ASAG; if ASAG
makes any arrangement for the benefit of its creditors or ASAG goes into
liquidation save for the purpose of a genuine amalgamation or reconstruction.

The Escrow Agreement was executed by Astrata and Tridex pursuant to PoA #7,
with PEPL ultimately appointed as the escrow agent.

16 Clauses 7(i)(c) and 7(ii)(b) of the Escrow Agreement both prescribe the
same triggering events upon the occurrence of any of which Tridex would be
entitled to the delivery of the Comprehensive Source Code and the
Comprehensive Engineering Diagrams respectively. For present purposes, we need
only to refer to cl 7(i)(c), the text of which is reproduced below.

**7**) **Release of Documents to Tridex**

i) PEPL shall, without consultation or approval from Astrata, release to
Tridex all envelopes marked “Comprehensive Source Code” together with the
index which relates to the C[omprehensive] S[ource] C[ode] when either one of
the following three conditions is satisfied:

a) [not applicable]

b) [not applicable]

c) on Tridex’s production of conclusive proof (including but not limited to
the production of authenticated copies of publicly filed documents confirming
the appointment of the receiver, administrator or similar officer as referred
to in this paragraph), that [Astrata] and/or [AGI] (but not any of its
subsidiaries or associates other than Astrata (Asia Pacific) Pte Ltd or
[Astrata]) (hereinafter singularly or collectively referred to as “ASAG”) has
ceased or threatened to cease to carry on its business or _has had a receiver,
administrator or similar officer appointed over all or any part of its assets_
or undertaking or _has made any arrangement for the benefit of its creditors
or gone into liquidation save for the purpose of a genuine amalgamation or
reconstruction_.

[emphasis added]

17 Clause 11 of the Escrow Agreement contains the entire agreement clause as
follows:

This Escrow Agreement constitutes the entire agreement between all three
Parties (but not Tridex and Astrata alone) in relation to the subject matter
herein, and supersedes all prior representations, agreements, statements and
understandings, whether verbal or in writing.

It may be noted that the words in parenthesis “(but not Tridex and Astrata
alone)” make clear that the Escrow Agreement does not constitute the entire
agreement between Tridex and Astrata as the Supply Agreement also constitutes
the entire agreement between them with respect to the matters under the Supply
Agreement.

18 Clause 18 of the Escrow Agreement provides a dispute resolution mechanism
and also, specifically, for submission to the non-exclusive jurisdiction of
the “court of Singapore” in relation to any Dispute (as defined therein). The
clause reads as follows:

a) If there is a dispute relating to any claim or controversy arising out of,
or in connection with this Escrow Agreement, including any question regarding
its formation, existence, validity, enforceability, performance,
interpretation, breach, or termination (the “Dispute”), then PEPL shall have
the right to terminate this Escrow Agreement forthwith by giving 30 days’
notice and require Tridex and Astrata to appoint another Escrow Agent to
replace PEPL, failing which PEPL shall also have the right to issue an
interpleader summons to place the [Escrow Property] with the Singapore Court
pending the outcome of the dispute between Tridex and Astrata. Both Tridex and
Astrata agree to be jointly and severally liable to indemnify PEPL for all
costs and expenses arising therefrom.

b) The parties hereby submit to the non-exclusive jurisdiction of the court of
Singapore.

c) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary, in the event of a Dispute, Tridex
and Astrata shall continue to fulfil their respective obligations under this
Escrow Agreement until a settlement of the Dispute has been reached.

19 In addition to cl 18(b), the Escrow Agreement also provides a general
submission to the non-exclusive jurisdiction of the Singapore court in cl
20(c) as follows:

**Jurisdiction** : The parties hereby submit to the non-exclusive jurisdiction
of the court of Singapore.

20 PEPL is not involved in the Bilateral Dispute as the Singapore court has
granted an order to PEPL to interplead and to place the Escrow Property in the
control of the Singapore court under the Declaration Application. Accordingly,
there is no trilateral dispute under the Escrow Agreement in these
proceedings. In our view, since the Bilateral Dispute arises out of the Escrow
Agreement, it would, _prima facie_ , fall to be resolved under the dispute
resolution mechanism in the Escrow Agreement unless it has been displaced by
the arbitration agreement between Astrata and Tridex in the Supply Agreement
pursuant to which the Escrow Agreement was executed (_ie_ , specifically PoA
#7). As PEPL has been allowed to interplead, it is therefore not involved in
the Jurisdictional Issue.

Astrata’s case

21 Astrata’s case is that cl 29.1 of the Supply Agreement applies to any
dispute between Astrata and Tridex in relation to the Escrow Property and
therefore applies to the Bilateral Dispute even though the Bilateral Dispute
arose under the Escrow Agreement. Astrata argues as follows:

(a) the Supply Agreement (including PoA #7) constitutes the entire agreement
between Astrata and Tridex (see cl 21.1 of the Supply Agreement) and the
triggering events in PoA #7 are identical to those in the Escrow Agreement;

(b) the Escrow Agreement constitutes the entire agreement between Astrata,
Tridex and PEPL, “but not Tridex and Astrata alone” (see cl 11 of the Escrow
Agreement): these words are consistent with the Escrow Agreement being
applicable to trilateral disputes and the Supply Agreement continuing to apply
to bilateral disputes between Astrata and Tridex, and accordingly there is no
conflict between the dispute resolution mechanism in the two agreements;

(c) any apparent conflict between them can be reconciled, and resolved by
restricting the non-exclusive jurisdiction clause in the Escrow Agreement to
seeking curial assistance from the Singapore courts, _eg_ , interim orders, as
was the approach of the English courts in the _Paul Smith_ line of cases (see
[30] below). Alternatively, the Supply Agreement prevails over the Escrow
Agreement as it is the commercial centre of the transaction: see the approach
of the court in _UBS AG & Anor v HSH Nordbank AG_ [2010] 1 ALL ER (Comm) 727;

(d) the decisions in _Transocean Offshore International Ventures Ltd v
Burgundy Global Exploration Corp_ [2010] 2 SLR 821 at [21] (“ _Transocean_ ”)
and _L & M Concrete Specialists Pte Ltd v United Eng Contractors Pte Ltd_
[2000] 2 SLR(R) 852 are distinguishable on the facts.

Tridex’s case

22 Tridex’s case is that the Bilateral Dispute is not subject to arbitration
under cl 29.1 of the Supply Agreement. Tridex argues as follows:

(a) Astrata and Tridex have intentionally carved out the escrow matters from
the Supply Agreement and put them into the Escrow Agreement to be dealt with
exclusively under that agreement;

(b) clause 11 of the Escrow Agreement provides that the Escrow Agreement
constitutes the entire agreement between the three parties in relation to the
subject matter covered by the Escrow Agreement, and supersedes all prior
agreements between the parties;

(c) under cl 18(b) of the Escrow Agreement, the parties have agreed to submit
to the non-exclusive jurisdiction of the Singapore court on any disputes
relating to any claim or controversy in connection with the Escrow Agreement,
_ie_ , any dispute that arises between and/or among the three parties, or any
of them, in relation to the matters connected to the Escrow Agreement;

(d) further, under cl 20(c) of the Escrow Agreement, the three parties have
also agreed to submit to the non-exclusive jurisdiction of the court of
Singapore generally, _ie_ , on all matters under the Escrow Agreement;

(e) clear and specific words are required to incorporate an arbitration
agreement which are absent from the Escrow Agreement: see _Transocean_ at
[18];

(f) PoA #7 did not constitute an agreement to arbitrate the escrow issues: it
merely provided that an escrow agreement be signed to incorporate the parties’
agreements on the disposal of the Escrow Property;

(g) clause 4(a) of the Escrow Agreement also confirms the parties’ intention
not to refer escrow matters to arbitration by providing that the Escrow
Property “shall be transferred to Tridex notwithstanding any provisions
otherwise in the earlier agreement(s), entered into between Tridex and
Astrata” if the conditions in the Escrow Agreement are satisfied;

(h) in contrast with the Supply Agreement, the parties’ choice of Singapore
law as the governing law of the Escrow Agreement also reinforces the parties’
intention to refer any dispute arising thereunder to court adjudication;

(i) _Transocean_ is indistinguishable from the present case. Furthermore, the
case of _DLA Piper Hong Kong v China Property Development (Holdings) Ltd_
[2010] HKLRD 903 (“ _DLA Piper_ ”) is analogous to the facts of the present
case and the reasoning of the Hong Kong Court of Appeal is applicable to the
present case.

Our decision on the Jurisdictional Issue

23 The Jurisdictional Issue has arisen because, contrary to the views of the
Judge that “these complex agreements have been painstakingly drafted, advised
and negotiated with the assistance of lawyers” (see the Judgment at [60]), the
parties’ legal advisers, if any, have singularly failed to express clearly and
explicitly whether any dispute between Astrata and Tridex in relation to the
Escrow Property is subject to arbitration under cl 29.1 of the Supply
Agreement in drafting PoA #7 and also the Escrow Agreement. It was a simple
step that should have been taken. This omission has led to serious
disagreement between the parties and a not inconsiderable expenditure of
intellectual effort by the Judge to determine their intention by their words,
or lack of them. As we shall see, this is not an isolated failure in the
present case. There is also disagreement on the meaning and effect of the
triggering events in cll 7(i)(c) and 7(ii)(b), because the draftsman appears
to have simply incorporated (what the Judge recognises as) boilerplate
clauses, drafted for use in the context of an English model of companies
insolvency legislation, into a commercial agreement to which a US company is a
party.

24 In this appeal, neither Astrata nor Tridex is proceeding on the basis that
there is a conflict between the Supply Agreement and the Escrow Agreement.
Astrata’s case is that the two agreements can be read together (as was
intended by the parties) to separate trilateral disputes from bilateral
disputes affecting the Escrow Property: the Supply Agreement, being the
primary entire agreement between the parties, applies to all disputes between
them. Tridex’s case is that the parties intended the Escrow Agreement to be a
self-contained agreement on all matters relating to the Escrow Property, and
that any dispute, whether trilateral or bilateral, relating to the Escrow
Property ought to be resolved under the dispute resolution mechanism as set
out under the Escrow Agreement. What the true answer is turns on the proper
construction of the terms of the Escrow Agreement.

25 We do not agree with Astrata’s argument that since the Escrow Agreement is
a trilateral agreement, the dispute resolution mechanism in cl 18 of the
Escrow Agreement applies only to trilateral disputes between Astrata, Tridex
and PEPL, and not to any dispute between Tridex and Astrata “alone”. This
argument is not borne out by cl 18(a) of the Escrow Agreement which, as
drafted, has a much wider scope in that it provides, _inter alia_ , that _if
there is a dispute relating to any claim or controversy arising out of, or in
connection with this Escrow Agreement_ , then PEPL may interplead and place
the Escrow Property with the Singapore court pending the outcome of the
dispute between Tridex and Astrata. The italicised words above are not
qualified in any way by reference to the identities of the disputants and, in
our view, are broad enough to refer to a dispute relating to any claim or
controversy arising out of the Escrow Agreement between (a) Astrata and
Tridex; (b) Astrata and PEPL; (c) PEPL and Tridex; and (d) Astrata, Tridex and
PEPL. There is no reason to cut down their meaning and restrict their
application only to trilateral disputes. All disputes arising out of the
Escrow Agreement are _prima facie_ subject to the non-exclusive jurisdiction
of the court of Singapore as provided under cl 18(b) of the Escrow Agreement.
The crucial issue is whether the presumptive exclusion of cl 29.1 of the
Supply Agreement by cl 18(a) of the Escrow Agreement has been displaced by
other provisions or words in the Escrow Agreement.

26 In this regard, Astrata relies on the parenthetical words “(but not to
Tridex and Astrata alone)” in the Entire Agreement clause of the Escrow
Agreement (cl 11) to argue that those words were intended to carve out
disputes between Astrata and Tridex in relation to the Escrow Property from cl
18 of the Escrow Agreement. In our view, those words do no more than to
recognise that there is another separate entire agreement between Astrata and
Tridex. If a carving out were intended, it would surely have been done in cl
18 itself and not in cl 11. Those words do not evince an intention that the
arbitration agreement in the Supply Agreement should apply to disputes arising
from the Escrow Agreement. The two agreements are consistent with each other,
as each was intended to apply in their respective spheres, subject to their
respective dispute resolution mechanisms.

27 Astrata has also argued that the words “pending the outcome of the dispute
between Tridex and Astrata” in cl 18(a) of the Escrow Agreement refer to the
outcome of the dispute between Tridex and Astrata by arbitration. We are
unable to accept this argument for two reasons. First, there is no basis to
read a reference to arbitration into those words as they are equally capable
of referring to the outcome of court proceedings. Indeed, utilising the exact
same terminology that was used to define a “Dispute” in cl 29.1 of the Supply
Agreement, cl 18(a) of the Escrow Agreement goes on to provide that a
“Dispute” under the Escrow Agreement is one that relates to “any claim or
controversy arising out of, or in connection, with [the] Escrow Agreement,
including any question regarding its formation, existence, validity,
enforceability, performance, interpretation, breach, or termination”.
Accordingly, the phrase cited at the start of this paragraph appears to be one
capable of referring to a bilateral dispute between Astrata and Tridex
relating to any claim or controversy arising out of, or in connection with
this Escrow Agreement (see also above at [25]). At best, these words are
neutral since they say nothing about the nature of the dispute resolution
mechanism that will produce the outcome of the Bilateral Dispute.

28 Secondly, we see no rational basis in Astrata’s argument that these words
have the effect of displacing the presumptive effect of the jurisdiction
clause, albeit a non-exclusive one. We earlier mentioned that cl 18(a) applies
to both bilateral and trilateral disputes. We can test the rationale with the
following hypothesis. A dispute in category (b) or (c) (see [25] above) would
arise if, for example, PEPL agrees or disagrees with Tridex that a triggering
event has occurred under, say, cl 7(i)(c) and decides to act accordingly. In
the first case, Astrata may dispute PEPL’s decision, and in the second case,
Tridex may dispute PEPL’s decision. Assuming that it is the first case,
Astrata would have to commence proceedings against PEPL for injunctive relief
to restrain PEPL from delivering the Escrow Property to Tridex. This was what
Astrata had to do in the present case when it did not receive confirmation
from PEPL that PEPL would not deliver the Escrow Property to Tridex.

29 But let us assume further that PEPL, instead of interpleading, decides to
stand its ground (backed by Tridex with a full indemnity on costs) and
contests Astrata’s claim. In this situation, there would doubtless be a claim
by Astrata against PEPL arising out of the Escrow Agreement. Such a dispute
would be subject to the jurisdiction of the Singapore court and not referable
to arbitration (since PEPL is not a party to any arbitration agreement). Now,
the essence of the dispute between Astrata and PEPL in this situation is no
different from the essence of the Bilateral Dispute, which is whether a
triggering event under cl 7(i)(c) of the Escrow Agreement has occurred in
consequence of AGI’s Chapter 11. What then, it may be asked, is the basis for
Astrata’s argument that if the dispute were with PEPL, the dispute resolution
clause in Escrow Agreement would be applicable, but if the dispute were with
Tridex (with PEPL interpleading) the same dispute resolution clause would not
apply but cl 29.1 of the Supply Agreement would apply? Astrata has given no
explanation as to why it was prepared to accept court adjudication under the
Escrow Agreement where it had a dispute with PEPL but not where it had a
dispute with Tridex.

30 Astrata has further contended that the non-exclusive jurisdiction clauses
(cll 18(b) and 20(c)) of the Escrow Agreement are limited to curial assistance
in support of arbitration. We are also unable to accept this argument. Such a
construction may be attractive in cases where there are arbitration as well as
non-exclusive jurisdiction clauses in the same contract or, perhaps, in
related contracts between the same parties, _eg_ , as in the _Paul Smith_ line
of cases (_Paul Smith Ltd v H & S International Holding Inc_ [1991] 2 Lloyd’s
Rep 127 QBD (Comm) discussed in _AXA Re v Ace Global Markets Ltd_ [2006] 1
Lloyd’s Rep IR 683 QBD (Comm)) but it has no application in the present case.

31 In the circumstances, we would give the non-exclusive jurisdiction clauses
their ordinary meaning. They have not been displaced by any provision or words
in the Escrow Agreement or the Supply Agreement. So construed, and as
recognised in case law (see, for instance, _Transocean_ at [16] and _Bambang
Sutrisno v Bali International Finance Ltd and others_ [1999] 2 SLR(R) 632 at
[11]), the non-exclusive jurisdiction clauses presumptively exclude other
means of dispute resolution in favour of the non-exclusive forum.

32 We would also agree with Tridex’s argument that this conclusion is
reinforced by the choice of Singapore law in cl 17 of the Escrow Agreement.
When contrasted to the choice of English law in the Supply Agreement, the
choice of Singapore law in the Escrow Agreement, which deals only with the
Escrow Property, fortifies the presumption in favour of Singapore as the non-
exclusive forum in respect of disputes relating only to the Escrow Property.
It follows that s 11A of the IAA has no application to the Bilateral Dispute,
and it is therefore unnecessary for us to decide whether or not to refer the
Bilateral Dispute to arbitration.

The Substantive Issue

33 The Substantive Issue is whether any condition in cl 7(i)(c) has been
triggered so as to entitle Tridex to delivery of the Escrow Property.

AGI’s Chapter 11

34 As mentioned earlier at [11], the Judge held that AGI’s Chapter 11
constituted a triggering event under cl 7(i)(c) (and also cl 7(ii)(b)) of the
Escrow Agreement on the ground that it was an arrangement for the benefit of
its creditors and that this condition did not come within the terms of the
Saving Clause. The Judge also held that in any case AGI’s Chapter 11 was not a
reconstruction for the purposes of the Saving Clause. Before we discuss the
Judge’s analyses of these issues, it is necessary that we provide the
background to the reasons for AGI seeking Chapter 11 reorganisation as it is,
in our view, material to the question whether AGI “has made any arrangement
for the benefit of its creditors” under cl 7(i)(c) of the Escrow Agreement.

35 In 2009, AGI experienced financial difficulties and proposed an out-of-
court restructuring plan (“the Out-of-Court Plan”) for approval by its
creditors and shareholders. Almost all creditors voted in favour of the Out-
of-Court Plan. However, one Jed Frost, a shareholder and unsecured creditor,
and the Vision group (comprising Vision Opportunity China Fund Limited, Vision
Capital Advantage Fund LP and Vision Opportunity Master Fund Ltd, collectively
“Vision”), a shareholder and purported unsecured creditor, voted against the
Out-of-Court Plan. As a result, AGI could not effectuate the Out-of-Court
Plan. Following some failed negotiations, AGI applied for bankruptcy
protection under Chapter 11 in order to preserve AGI’s ability to restructure
its debts, to preserve AGI’s business operations, and to preserve AGI’s assets
for the benefit of its creditors.

36 As mentioned earlier (see [6] above), AGI’s Chapter 11 took effect from 4
January 2010 resulting in 94.5% of AGI’s shares being held by Fame Trading
Ltd, a white knight who had provided interim financing of US$8.5 million to
AGI. The remaining 5.5% of AGI’s shares were issued to a Litigation Trust
established pursuant to the Reorganisation Plan. The material provisions of
the Reorganisation Plan relating to the Litigation Trustee are as follows:

**1**. **Creation of the Litigation Trust**

On the Effective Date, AGI shall create the Litigation Trust for the benefit
of holders of Class 3 Allowed Claims pursuant to the Plan, and the Litigation
Trust Agreement shall be executed by the parties to the Litigation Trust
Agreement. The Litigation Trust will be funded initially by an unused portion
of the DIP Loan, but in no event less than $75,000. The Litigation Trust shall
be a creditors’ Litigation Trust for all purposes, including Treasury
Regulations Section 301.7701-4(d). The Litigation Trust will be organized for
the purpose of investigating, prosecuting, collecting and distributing any
proceeds from the Assigned Litigation of AGI and its Estate with no other
objective to continue or engage in the conduct of a trade or business. As more
fully set forth below, and except as set forth below, on the Effective Date,
AGI shall be deemed to have transferred all of AGI’s rights to prosecute the
Assigned Litigation to the Litigation Trust to prosecute and collect the
proceeds thereof for the benefit of Creditors of AGI. The Litigation Trust
shall receive and distribute the payments on the Cash Flow Note received by it
and the recoveries on the claims, rights and causes of action of AGI and its
Estate in accordance with the Plan and the Litigation Trust Agreement as
promptly as is reasonably practicable, in an expeditious but orderly manner.
The Litigation Trust is not a successor of AGI for purposes of incurring its
liabilities. To the extent there are any inconsistencies between the Plan and
the Litigation Trust Agreement, the terms of the Plan shall prevail.

**2**. **Appointment of the Litigation Trustee**.

The Litigation Trustee of the Litigation Trust shall be A. John A. Bryan, Jr.,
the CRO of the Debtor. The Litigation Trustee shall administer the Litigation
Trust pursuant to the Plan and the Litigation Trust Agreement, and in
accordance with guidelines set forth by the Ninth Circuit Bankruptcy Appellate
Panel in _In re Consolidated Pioneer Mortgage Entities_ , 248 B.R. 368 (9th
Cir. B.A.P. 2000). The Litigation Trustee shall act in accordance with the
Plan and the Litigation Trust Agreement. The Litigation Trustee shall perform
all of the obligations of the Litigation Trustee under the Plan and the
Litigation Trust Agreement. The Litigation Trustee shall serve for the
duration of the Litigation Trust, subject to earlier death, resignation,
incapacity or removal as provided in the Litigation Trust Agreement. The
Litigation Trustee shall serve without any bond. The Litigation Trustee shall
receive a flat fee equal to 3% of all recoveries received by the Litigation
Trust. The Litigation Trustee shall act in accordance with the Plan and the
Litigation Trust Agreement.

37 With regard to the purpose of a Chapter 11 reorganisation, there was
evidence adduced before the Judge in the form of an opinion from AGI’s US
attorneys which stated that (see the Judgment at [38]):

Chapter 11 in the United States is a reorganization and restructuring
proceeding, while Chapter 7 is a liquidation proceedings and more like the
British concept of “administration”. _The United States is somewhat unique
because Chapter 11 is more like a financing transaction, rather than a
bankruptcy, and this concept does not really exist elsewhere in the world …_
[emphasis added]

The triggering events in cll 7(i)(c) and 7(ii)(b)

38 The Substantive Issue concerns the meaning of two of the triggering events
in cll 7(i)(c) and 7(ii)(b) of the Escrow Agreement and whether AGI’s Chapter
11 constitutes either of them. As both clauses are substantially the same, we
only need to discuss cl 7(i)(c) which provides as follows:

**7**) **Release of Documents to Tridex**

i) PEPL shall, without consultation or approval from Astrata, release to
Tridex all envelopes marked ‘Comprehensive Source Code’ together with the
index which relates to the C[omprehensive] S[ource] C[ode] ...

...

c) on Tridex’s production of conclusive proof (including but not limited to
the production of authenticated copies of publicly filed documents confirming
the appointment of the receiver, administrator or similar officer as referred
to in this paragraph), that [Astrata] and/or [AGI] (but not any of its
subsidiaries or associates other than Astrata (Asia Pacific) Pte Ltd or
[Astrata]) (hereinafter singularly or collectively referred to as “ASAG”) has
ceased or threatened to cease to carry on its business or has had a receiver,
administrator or similar officer appointed over all or any part of its assets
or undertaking or has made any arrangement for the benefit of its creditors or
gone into liquidation save for the purpose of a genuine amalgamation or
reconstruction.

39 The issues we have to decide in this appeal are as follows:

(a) whether “a receiver, administrator or similar officer has been appointed
over all or any part of AGI’s assets or undertaking”;

(b) whether AGI “has made any arrangement for the benefit of its creditors”;

(c) whether the Saving Clause (“save for the purpose of a genuine amalgamation
or reconstruction”) applies to the making of “any arrangement for the benefit
of its creditors”;

(d) whether AGI’s Chapter 11 is a “reconstruction” for the purposes of the
Saving Clause.

40 Before we examine these issues, it is desirable that we consider first the
general approach adopted by the Judge in interpreting the purpose and scope of
the triggering events in cl 7(i)(c). In this regard, the Judge held (at
[26]–[32] of the Judgment) as follows:

[26] ... Astrata’s proposed construction ignores the business objective of
this commonly used standard form precedent. In _Boilerplate: Practical
Clauses_ (Richard Christou gen ed) (Sweet & Maxwell, 5th Ed, 2009), the
editors provide an example of a precedent clause which deals with the
disappearance of a party through dissolution, death or insolvency. The
precedent clause reads as follows:

The Contract may be terminated with immediate effect by either party giving
notice of termination to the other party (the “Defaulting Party”):

(i) if the Defaulting Party (being a company) shall pass a resolution for
winding-up (otherwise than for the purposes of a solvent amalgamation or
reconstruction where the resulting entity is at least as credit-worthy as the
Defaulting Party and assumes all of the obligations of the Defaulting Party
under the Contract) or a court shall make an order to that effect …

[27] Indeed, the editors explain the nature and effect of this precedent
clause as follows:

The following clause deals with the disappearance of a party through
dissolution, death or insolvency. The exception relating to a solvent
amalgamation or reconstruction should be noted since its absence would forbid
perfectly harmless reorganizations, for instance, of the structure of a group
of companies.

The phrase “amalgamation or reconstruction” is commonly used as a carve-out to
liquidations for this purpose.

[28] The business purpose of provisions such as cl 7(i)(c) of the Escrow
Agreement is to secure the Escrow items for the purchaser, upon the occurrence
to the supplier and specified entities, of clearly defined and understood
commercial triggering events. It is in these clearly defined trigger events
that the purchaser seeks to preserve its contractual and proprietary interests
in the Escrow property against cessation of business, asset or undertaking
seizures, creditor arrangements, or liquidation of the specified entities. ...

...

[31] Astrata concedes that AGI’s Chapter 11 was not an amalgamation but
submits that it is a “reconstruction” within the meaning of the Escrow
Agreement. It should be stated at the outset that the issue before me is not
whether AGI’s Chapter 11 constitutes a “reconstruction” under United States
law (federal or state). The meaning of “reconstruction” in a contract
expressed to be governed by Singapore law falls to be construed by Singapore
law. In this Escrow Agreement, cl 7(i)(c) refers to reconstruction to apply to
specified entities, several of which are Singapore incorporated companies and
one is AGI incorporated in the state of Nevada. To construe this clause to
mean different things under the law of each entity’s law of the place of
incorporation and not the governing law of the Escrow Agreement would not be
warranted under the terms of the Escrow Agreement itself. As escrow agreements
deal with contingencies and precise events, business efficacy, as to the
meaning of reconstruction in this Escrow Agreement, requires that this term be
construed in the same way under the expressly chosen governing law, with
respect to all the parties to this agreement regardless of their place of
incorporation.

[32] What then is the meaning to be accorded to reconstruction in cl 7(i)(c)
of the Escrow Agreement under Singapore law? Whatever else the term may mean
in the United States, the meaning of “reconstruction” in a Singapore law
governed document making provision for financial distress is shaped by our
English common law foundations. ...

41 Our approach is as follows. While we can agree with all of what the Judge
has said in the passages above – such as the business objectives of these
boilerplate clauses, and that since the Escrow Agreement is governed by
Singapore law, it has to be construed in accordance with Singapore law, that
commonly used clauses should be given their commonly understood meanings, and
that the same words used in an agreement should ordinarily be given the same
meaning – the flaw in the Judge’s interpretational approach is that, as we
shall see, he has conflated the meaning of words in the Escrow Agreement with
their meaning under Singapore law, specifically in the context of company law.
Thus, he held that the word “reconstruction” had the meaning which it bears
when used in the reconstruction of a company under the Companies Act (see [63]
below).

42 In our view, this approach to contextual interpretation is incorrect
because the word “reconstruction” in cl 7(i)(c) of the Escrow Agreement is not
necessarily used in the context of a company reconstruction under the
Singapore Companies Act, but in the very different context of a commercial
agreement between a US corporate group (which included a Singapore subsidiary,
Astrata) and Tridex (a Singapore company). The Judge himself recognised that
the word “reconstruction”, and also the word “amalgamation” are not terms of
art (see below at [64]). These words must therefore mean what the parties
intended them to mean. Although the Escrow Agreement is governed by Singapore
law, that law does not dictate that the words used in the Escrow Agreement
must bear the meanings they have in a Singapore company law context but rather
in a business context. Under Singapore law, the basic principle of documentary
interpretation is that words used by the parties in an agreement mean what the
parties intend them to mean. The parties here may or may not have had the
Singapore company law meanings in mind; regardless, even if they did have
Singapore company law meanings in mind, it does not necessarily follow that
these meanings are apt to cover any corporate restructuring of AGI under US
law.

43 In the present case, it is all the more necessary to consider what the
parties had in mind when they drafted the triggering events in cl 7(i)(c) to
apply to a US corporation which can only effect a corporate restructuring or
reconstruction in accordance with US law and not Singapore law. A
reconstruction of a company under Singapore law may not find an exact
counterpart in US law and _vice versa_ , and similarly, with the phrase “any
arrangement for the benefit of its creditors”. More generally, it is not clear
to us that the purpose of cl 7(i)(c) (which is, as the Judge found, to protect
Tridex’s vested rights in the Escrow Property (for whose development they had
paid upfront to Astrata) against the effects of corporate insolvency events
affecting AGI) is adequately served by superimposing Singapore company law
concepts on a US company to which such concepts may be alien, and _vice
versa_. It seems to us that whoever drafted cl 7(i)(c) of the Escrow Agreement
had copied the boilerplate clauses applicable only to business transactions
between Singapore and/or UK incorporated companies without much thought as to
whether the triggering events countenanced therein would have been appropriate
for AGI and non-Singapore corporate bodies.

44 For these reasons, we think that in construing the meaning of the
triggering events in cl 7(i)(c), it is preferable to give more weight to the
underlying commercial purpose of cl 7(i)(c), _ie_ , to protect Tridex’s vested
interest in the Escrow Property in the event that Astrata and/or AGI finds
itself/themselves unable to carry on its/their business, thereby jeopardising
Tridex’s rights to the Escrow Property. This is provided, of course, that
giving effect to the parties’ purpose is permitted by the words used in cl
7(i)(c). In this connection, we repeat, and would elaborate below, that some
of the terms under consideration are not terms of art in the context of
Singapore and English company law.

45 We now turn to the specific questions set out at [39] above.

Issue (a): Whether a receiver, administrator or similar officer has been
appointed over all or any part of AGI’s assets or undertaking

46 This issue was argued before the Judge but he did not rule on it. Tridex
argues that the appointment of the Litigation Trustee pursuant to the
Reorganisation Plan is equivalent or similar to the appointment of a receiver
under Singapore law, and the relevant triggering event has occurred. In
support of this argument, counsel referred to the commentary in _Law and
Practice of Corporate Insolvency_ (Andrew Chan Chee Yin gen ed) (LexisNexis,
2005) Ch V, paras 853–900 (pp V-109–V-110).

47 We do not agree that the commentary referred to is relevant to Tridex’s
case as it is concerned with the functions of a receiver and manager appointed
by a debenture holder, and not a receiver appointed by a court. Such a
receiver and manager is a different creature from a receiver appointed by a
court under O 30 of the Rules of Court (Cap 322, R 5, 2006 Rev Ed). A court-
appointed receiver is merely a passive and neutral custodian of the property
entrusted to him, pending the resolution of the dispute between the claimants
to the property. In contrast, a receiver and manager appointed under a
debenture has many more functions and duties. He has a duty to bring in the
assets subject to the debenture under which he was appointed, and to realise
those assets for the benefit of the debenture holder. If those assets include
choses-in-action he can bring actions to enforce them.

48 The Litigation Trustee certainly bears no resemblance to a court-appointed
receiver, although there is some similarity between that office and that of a
receiver and manager. A litigation trustee under a Chapter 11 reorganisation
is under a duty to enforce and pursue the company’s rights and interests for
the benefit of creditors. However, such a comparison fails to consider the
different context in which each officer is appointed. In Martin R Pollner &
Brian R Socolow, “The Litigation Trustee: A Major New Tool for Creditors’
Committees” American Bankruptcy Institute Journal (March 2001) (20-2 ABIJ
14)[note: 2], the authors state the following:

Creditors’ committees are increasingly turning to litigation trustees to
handle complex litigation in chapter 11 proceedings. Although not expressly
authorized in the Bankruptcy Code, litigation trustees have been appointed in
several recent cases, including _In re Pintlar_ , 175 B.R. 379 (Bankr. D.
Idaho 1994), and _In re Rincon Island Ltd. Partnership_ (Bankr. C.D. Cal.
2000).

The position of a litigation trustee is a relatively new tool for creditors’
committees (and shareholders) when the debtor’s assets include potential
claims against third parties, such as the failed company’s former officers and
directors. ...

...

A litigation trustee is usually appointed by the bankruptcy court upon the
recommendation of one or more creditors’ committees after a reorganization
plan has been confirmed by the court. As part of the reorganization plan, a
trust is formed, and assets of the debtor or the bankruptcy estate (such as
all claims, rights or causes of action, as well as money to fund the
litigation trustee’s efforts) are transferred to the trust. The litigation
trustee's mandate is to pursue various claims, through litigation or
settlement, against third parties on behalf of the trust and its
beneficiaries, and to distribute, pursuant to the plan, any net proceeds of
such litigation or settlement. Usually, a post-confirmation creditors’
committee will work with the trustee on strategic and settlement issues.

49 As can be seen from the above commentary, the litigation trust is
established as part of a Chapter 11 reorganisation, the primary purpose of
which is to sustain the company as a going concern – AGI’s US attorneys
described it as “more like a financing transaction, rather than a bankruptcy”
(see above at [37])[note: 3]. In contrast, the receiver appointed by the court
or a receiver and manager appointed by a debenture holder, in performing his
respective functions is not concerned with the continued viability of the
company as a going concern. In the light of the purpose of cl 7(i)(c), which
is to protect Tridex’s interest in the continuing functioning of Astrata
and/or AGI, this distinction is critical. Functionally, a litigation trustee
in a Chapter 11 reorganisation is not analogous to a receiver contemplated by
cl 7(i)(c). Nor is the expression “receiver” apt to refer to a litigation
trustee in the US Bankruptcy Code. Accordingly, we would hold that the
Litigation Trustee appointed pursuant to the terms of the Reorganisation Plan
is not a receiver contemplated by cl 7(i)(c) of the Escrow Agreement.

Issue (b): Whether AGI has made any arrangement for the benefit of its
creditors

50 Both here and below, the parties and the Judge have proceeded on the
assumption that AGI’s Chapter 11 _was_ an arrangement for the benefit of its
creditors, and also that AGI _had_ made such an arrangement by undergoing the
Chapter 11 reorganisation. We had our doubts about the correctness of these
two assumptions. After we reserved judgment in this appeal, we invited further
submissions on these two issues in the form of a composite question as
expressed in issue (b) above. However, we did not find the submissions
helpful. Having raised the composite question, we will now address it.

51 Is AGI’s Chapter 11 an “arrangement” for the benefit of “creditors”? The
word “arrangement” is not defined in the Escrow Agreement or in the Companies
Act. A different point arises with the word “creditors”. Does it mean all the
creditors of AGI or only some of them, and if so, how many of them? Suppose
AGI had made an arrangement for the benefit of only a minority of secured
creditors – would this be an arrangement for the benefit of creditors as
contemplated by cl 7(i)(c)? Many different permutations can be posited. None
of these interpretative problems have been raised by Astrata, and yet they
must be material to whether or not the relevant triggering event has occurred.

52 In our view, the word “arrangement” must take its meaning from the context
of the Escrow Agreement and its commercial objective, as recognised by the
Judge. In the case of _In re British Basic Slag Ltd’s Application_ [1963] 1
WLR 727 (“ _British Basic Slag_ ”), the court was concerned to interpret the
meaning of the word “arrangement” in the UK Restrictive Practices Act. Wilmer
LJ said at 739–740:

I think it is highly significant that Parliament did not see fit to include
any definition of “arrangement.” I infer from this that it was intended that
the word should be construed in its ordinary or popular sense. Though it may
not be easy to put into words, everybody knows what is meant by an arrangement
between two or more parties. If the arrangement is intended to be enforceable
by legal proceedings, as in the case where it is made for good consideration,
it may no doubt properly be described as an agreement. ... For when each of
two or more parties intentionally arouses in the others an expectation that he
will act in a certain way, it seems to me that he incurs at least a moral
obligation to do so. An arrangement as so defined is therefore something
“whereby the parties to it accept mutual rights and obligations.”

At 746–747, Diplock LJ said:

“Arrangement” is not a term of art; and in section 6(3) of the [Restrictive
Trade Practices] Act of 1956 I agree with my Lords that it bears the meaning
that an ordinary educated man would ascribe to it. It involves a meeting of
minds because under section 6(1) it has to be an arrangement “between two or
more persons,” and since it must be an arrangement “under which restrictions
are accepted by two or more parties” it involves mutuality in that each party,
assuming he is a reasonable and conscientious man, would regard himself as
being in some degree under a duty, whether moral or legal, to conduct himself
in a particular way or not to conduct himself in a particular way as the case
may be, at any rate so long as the other party or parties conducted themselves
in the way contemplated by the arrangement.

53 In _In re N.F.U. Development Trust Ltd_ [1972] 1 WLR 1548 (“ _Re NFU_ ”),
the company petitioned the court to sanction a scheme of arrangement under s
206(2) of the Companies Act 1948 (“the UK Companies Act 1948”) whereby all
existing members of the company except the N.F.U. Development Co. would cease
to be members. Six persons, five of whom were already directors, were to be
the sole individual members. All other existing members were to be deprived of
their membership and forfeited all their rights, and on a winding up the
surplus assets were to be distributed to another body or company to be
determined by the company (and in default of such determination, to charity).
The object of the scheme was to reduce administrative expenses. At a meeting
directed by the court in May 1972, 85% of the members voted in favour of the
scheme. On a petition seeking the court's approval, the scheme was opposed by
five persons. It was held that although a majority of three-fourths in value
of members in favour of the scheme as required by s 206(2) of the UK Companies
Act 1948 had been obtained, nevertheless the section dealt with a “compromise”
or “arrangement” between a company and its members which implied accommodation
on both sides and could not apply to the present scheme whereby members rights
were totally surrendered without compensation. Accordingly, since the scheme
was one which no member voting in the interests of members as a whole could
reasonably approve, the petition would be dismissed.

54 _Re NFU_ is an English authority for the meaning of “arrangement” under s
206(2) of the UK Companies Act 1948 which corresponds to s 210 of our
Companies Act. On that authority, an “arrangement” in which members are
deprived of their rights without compensation is not an arrangement but a
confiscation of their rights. There is no element of “give and take” in such
an arrangement.

55 Consistent with our own approach that the meaning of the words in cl
7(i)(c) should be interpreted to mean what the parties intend, _British Basic
Slag_ is helpful because it adopted the popular meaning of the word
“arrangement” which requires a meeting of minds as to their mutual rights and
obligations (whether the arrangement is intended to be enforceable or not).
_Re NFU_ is, however, not as helpful as the decision was concerned with the
interpretation of “arrangement” in the context of a “scheme of arrangement”
under the UK Companies Act 1948.

56 In our view, the essence of an arrangement with creditors under cl 7(i)(c)
must involve a meeting of minds of the parties to the arrangement. This is
reinforced by the actual words of the condition – that AGI “has made any
arrangement with ...”. AGI cannot make an arrangement with its creditors if
they do not accept the arrangement or agree with it. On the facts of this
case, AGI had, quite simply, _not_ made an arrangement with its creditors. It
tried to do so when it proposed the Out-of-Court Plan, but the proposal was
rejected by a small minority of its creditors, _viz_ , Jed Frost and Vision.
Because of this, AGI had to apply to the US Bankruptcy Court to sanction a
Chapter 11 reorganisation under a modified plan. The Reorganisation Plan,
first mentioned at [6] earlier, provided _inter alia_ that creditors whose
claims were scheduled as disputed, contingent or liquidated and who did not
file a proof of claim timeously were not to be treated as creditors for the
purposes of voting or distribution. By contrasting these two events, it is
apparent that (a) AGI had _failed to make_ an arrangement with its creditors
through the Out-of-Court Plan, and (b) AGI’s Chapter 11 was neither _made by
AGI_ , nor _with its creditors_ – it was sanctioned by the US Bankruptcy Court
and imposed on all creditors. In our view, AGI did not make an arrangement for
the benefit of its creditors as contemplated by cl 7(i)(c).

57 In the result, it would not be necessary for us to address issues (c) and
(d), but since they were fully argued before us, we shall discuss them as
well.

Issue (c): Whether the Saving Clause applies to “any arrangement for the
benefit of its creditors”

58 The Judge answered this question in the negative. He rejected Astrata’s
construction that cl 7(i)(c) applies to only three categories of triggering
events (see the Judgment at [23]) as follows:

[Where AGI:]

(i)has ceased or threatened to cease to carry on its business, or

(ii)has had a receiver, administrator or similar officer appointed over all or
any part of its assets or undertaking, or

(iii)has made any arrangement for the benefit of its creditors, or gone into
liquidation save for the purpose of a genuine amalgamation or reconstruction.

The Judge held (at [25] of the Judgment) that there are four categories of
triggering events, as follows:

[AGI] **(i)** has ceased or threatened to cease to carry on its business **or
(ii)** has had a receiver, administrator or similar officer appointed over all
or any part of its assets or undertaking **or (iii)** has made any arrangement
for the benefit of its creditors **or (iv)** gone into liquidation save for
the purpose of a genuine amalgamation or reconstruction. [emphasis in bold in
original]

The dispute was on where to put the punctuation.

59 It is possible to argue that the Judge’s interpretation as set out in the
passage above does not appear to accord with its grammatical structure,
because the word “has” is missing from the fourth category. Without that word,
Astrata’s construction of that clause as having three categories is not
unreasonable. However, we agree with the result of the Judge’s construction,
not for the reason given by him, but because that was the intention of the
parties as evinced in the formulation in PoA #7 and also cl 7(ii)(b) of the
Escrow Agreement. The relevant clause in PoA #7 listed four categories,
providing as follows:

If [Astrata] and/or [AGI](but not any of its subsidiaries or associates other
than Astrata (Asia Pacific) Pte Ltd or [Astrata]) (hereinafter singularly or
collectively referred to as “ASAG”) ceases or threatens to cease to carry on
its business; if a receiver, administrator or similar officer is appointed
over all or any part of the assets or undertaking of **ASAG** ; if **ASAG**
makes any arrangement for the benefit of its creditors or **ASAG** goes into
liquidation save for the purpose of a genuine amalgamation or reconstruction.
[emphasis in bold added]

60 In our view, the repetition of the word “ASAG” with reference to its
liquidation has the effect of creating a fourth triggering event that includes
and is qualified by the Saving Clause. This delineation is repeated in cl
7(ii)(b) which provides for the release of the Comprehensive Engineering
Diagrams in similar terms:

[O]n Tridex’s production of conclusive proof (including but not limited to the
production of authenticated copies of publicly filed documents confirming the
appointment of the receiver, administrator or similar officer as referred to
in this paragraph), that [Astrata] and/or [AGI] (but not any of its
subsidiaries or associates other than Astrata (Asia Pacific) Pte Ltd or
[Astrata]) (hereinafter singularly or collectively referred to as “ASAG”) has
ceased or threatened to cease to carry on its business; or has had a receiver,
administrator or similar officer appointed over all or any part of its assets
or undertaking or has made any arrangement for the benefit of its creditors or
**has** gone into liquidation save for the purpose of a genuine amalgamation
or reconstruction. [emphasis in bold added]

61 At [24] of the Judgment, the Judge rejected Astrata’s submissions, and
said, as follows:

24 In support of its proposed construction, Astrata first draws on the quite
separate Supply Agreement in which semicolons have been inserted which do not
exist in the parallel clause in the Escrow Agreement. It submits that the
Supply Agreement discloses Astrata’s and Tridex’s agreement as to the trigger
events which must dictate the construction of a parallel but not identically
worded clause in the Escrow Agreement between different parties. However, I am
only concerned to construe cl 7(i)(c) of the Escrow Agreement and I find no
merit in this submission that the construction of a clause in one agreement
between different parties is to be determined by a similar but not identical
clause entered earlier between some but not all the parties. In any event, it
is not my task to construe the Supply Agreement and POA#7.

62 We do not agree with this approach in a case, as here, where a clause in an
agreement is ambiguous and where two clauses applying to the same subject
matter are arguably inconsistent. In such a case, the court is entitled to and
should examine the history and source of these clauses to determine the
intention of the parties. In the present case, the triggering clauses
originated from PoA #7 which required them to be incorporated into the Escrow
Agreement, with the specific instruction that the Escrow Agreement must give
effect, _inter alia_ , to those clauses.

Issue (d) - Whether AGI’s Chapter 11 is a reconstruction

63 The Judge held that AGI’s Chapter 11 was not a reconstruction as
contemplated by cl 7(i)(c) because under Singapore law, a reconstruction must
not result in the shareholding of the reconstructed company being
substantially different from that of the original company. It may be recalled
(see [36] above) that, under the Reorganisation Plan, 94.5% of AGI’s equity is
now held by Fame Trading Ltd, a new shareholder who injected US$8.5 million
into AGI, with the remaining 5.5% held by the Litigation Trust. In so holding,
the Judge followed the English authorities on the meaning of “reconstruction”
under English company law. He relied on the following passage in Buckley J’s
judgment in _In re South African Supply and Cold Storage Company_ , _Wild v
Same Company_ [1904] 2 Ch 268 (“ _South African Supply_ ”) at 286:

... What does “reconstruction” mean? To my mind it means this. An undertaking
of some definite kind is being carried on, and the conclusion is arrived at
that it is not desirable to kill that undertaking, but that it is desirable to
preserve it in some form, and to do so, not by selling it to an outsider who
shall carry it on–that would be a mere sale–but in some altered form to
continue the undertaking in such a manner as that the persons now carrying it
on will substantially continue to carry it on. It involves, I think, that
substantially the same business shall be carried on and substantially the same
persons shall carry it on. But it does not involve that all the assets shall
pass to the new company or resuscitated company, or that all the shareholders
of the old company shall be shareholders in the new company or resuscitated
company. Substantially the business and the persons interested must be the
same. Does it make any difference that the new company or resuscitated company
does or does not take over the liabilities? I think not. I think it is none
the less a reconstruction because from the assets taken over some part is
excepted provided that substantially the business is taken, and it is
immaterial whether the liabilities are taken over by the new or resuscitated
company or are provided for by excepting from the scheme of reconstruction a
sufficient amount to answer them. It is not, therefore, vital that either the
whole assets should be taken over or that the liabilities should be taken
over. You have to see whether substantially the same persons carry on the same
business; and if they do, that, I conceive, is a reconstruction.

64 It will be noticed that Buckley J acknowledged that “reconstruction”, by
itself, is not a term of art (at 281–282):

Neither of these words, “reconstruction” and “amalgamation,” has any definite
_legal_ meaning. Each is a commercial and not a legal term, and, even as a
commercial term, bears no exact definite meaning. In each case one has to
decide whether the transaction is such as that, in the meaning of commercial
men, it is one which is comprehended in the term “reconstruction” or
“amalgamation.”

65 We have earlier stated that the company law meaning of “reconstruction”
(assuming it is the same as its meaning under English and Australian case law)
may not be the same as its popular meaning or the meaning intended in cl
7(i)(c) in its application to a US company (if it is capable of being
reorganised or “reconstructed” under the US Bankruptcy Code in a different
way). It is not necessary for us to decide in this appeal (a) whether the
meaning of “reconstruction” given by English or Australian case law (see, for
example, _In re Mytravel Group plc_ [2005] 1 WLR 2365 and _Re Opes Prime
Stockbrocking Ltd (recs and mgrs apptd) (in liq) and ors_ [2009] 258 ALR 362)
should be followed by our courts; (b) how substantial the corporate changes
should be before a reorganisation ceases to be a reconstruction; or (c)
whether the meaning of “reconstruction” intended by the parties is the same as
the meaning given in the case law.

66 The English and Australian cases are not necessarily determinative of the
meaning of the word “reconstruction” under Singapore law. At least, before the
decision of the Judge in the present case, there has been no local decision on
the point. The problem with the English position – that “the essential
character of corporate reconstruction is that substantially the same business
is carried on and substantially the same persons continue to carry it on” (per
Millett J citing _South African Supply_ in _In re Courage Group’s Pension
Schemes Ryan and Others v Imperial Brewing & Leisure Ltd. And Others_ [1987] 1
WLR 495 at 509) – is that a company which has lost all its capital and which
needs an injection of new capital from new investors can never be
reconstructed unless the existing shareholders whose shares are worthless
shares have to be given new (funded) shares to enable them to retain a
substantial shareholding in the reconstructed company. For now, it is only
necessary to observe that the Saving Clause in cl 7(i)(c) is not intended to
apply to a company undergoing a Chapter 11 reorganisation as that clause is
premised on a company being liquidated. A Chapter 11 reorganisation does not
involve the liquidation of the corporation that is being reorganised or
reconstructed. Of course, if the Saving Clause were applicable to Astrata or
AGI making any arrangement for the benefit of its creditors, then it would not
be inconceivable that AGI’s Chapter 11 might well have been contemplated by
the parties as a form of reconstruction.

Waiver

67 In view of our conclusions above, it is not necessary for us to decide
Astrata’s argument that Tridex has by its conduct waived its right to invoke
the triggering events under cll 7(i)(c) and 7(ii)(b) of the Escrow Agreement.

Summary of conclusions

68 In respect of the Jurisdictional Issue, we hold that the parties have
submitted to the jurisdiction of the Singapore court with respect to the
Bilateral Dispute by reason of the non-exclusive jurisdiction clause in favour
of Singapore.

69 In respect of the Substantive Issue, we hold that Tridex is not entitled to
delivery of the Escrow Property as neither of the two relevant triggering
events in cll 7(i)(c) and 7(ii)(b) of the Escrow Agreement it has relied on
has occurred. We find that :

(a) the Litigation Trustee is not a “receiver” or “similar officer appointed
over all or any part of its assets or undertaking” as contemplated by cll
7(i)(c) and 7(ii)(b) of the Escrow Agreement;

(b) AGI’s Chapter 11 is not an “arrangement for the benefit of its creditors”,
nor has AGI “made any arrangement with its creditors” as contemplated by cll
7(i)(c) and 7(ii)(b) of the Escrow Agreement.

Disposition

70 For the above reasons, we

(a) grant Astrata’s application for leave to appeal in Originating Summons No
1082 of 2010 and declare that Tridex is not entitled to delivery of the Escrow
Property; and

(b) dismiss Astrata’s appeals in Civil Appeal No 158 of 2010 and Civil Appeal
No 159 of 2010.

Astrata and Tridex shall bear their own costs both here and below. PEPL shall
be paid its costs here and below on an indemnity basis to be borne equally by
Astrata and Tridex. The usual consequential orders shall apply.

* * *

[note: 1]Appellant’s Case at paras 39, 41, 44 and 47.

[note: 2]See http://journal.abi.org/content/litigation-trustee-major-new-tool-
creditors-committees accessed on 18 April 2011.

[note: 3]Appellant’s Core Bundle Vol 2 Part G at p 1587 (letter dated 20
August 2009 from AGI’s attorneys to Anthony J Harrison, Astrata’s Chief
Executive Officer).

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 29 Apr 2011 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

