Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  LW Infrastructure Pte Ltd _v_ Lim Chin San Contractors Pte Ltd  
[2011] SGHC 163

Case Number| :| Originating Summons No 759 of 2010  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 05 July 2011  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Judith Prakash J  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Tan Liam Beng and Soh Chun York (Drew & Napier LLC) for
the plaintiff; Alvin Yeo SC, Sean La'Brooy, Napolean Koh and Pamela Tan
(WongPartnership LLP) for the defendant.  
Parties| :|  LW Infrastructure Pte Ltd — Lim Chin San Contractors Pte Ltd  
  
5 July 2011| Judgment reserved.  
---|---  
  
Judith Prakash J:

Introduction

1 This case (Originating Summons No 759 of 2010 (“OS 759”)) is one of two
cross-appeals on several questions of law which arise out of an arbitral
award. The other is Originating Summons No 769 of 2010 (“OS 769”).

The factual background

2 The factual background is set out in detail in my judgment in OS 769. For
present purposes, it is enough to say that LW Infrastructure Pte Ltd (“LW”)
was the main contractor and Lim Chin San Contractors Pte Ltd (“LCS”) was the
sub-contractor in respect of a building project involving the design and
construction of an industrial building at 31 Toh Guan Road East, Singapore
(“the Project”). The developer of the Project and LW’s employer under the main
construction contract was Topmost Industries Pte Ltd (“the Employer”).

3 LCS was appointed pursuant to a letter of award issued by LW on 14 May 2001.
The formal sub-contract document was executed on 30 November 2001. LCS was
required to complete the sub-contract works by 2 August 2002\. The sub-
contract provided that the works would be practically completed upon receipt
of a Temporary Occupation Permit (“TOP”) from the relevant authorities.

4 On 12 May 2003, LW terminated the sub-contract pursuant to cl 27.1.2 which
allowed it to do so upon failure by the sub-contractor to proceed regularly
and diligently with the performance of its obligations. New sub-contractors
were engaged and the TOP was eventually granted on 1 August 2003.

5 On 22 June 2004, LW served a notice of arbitration on LCS. Mr Johnny Tan
Cheng Hye (“the Arbitrator”) accepted appointment as the arbitrator on 9
November 2007. He issued his award on 29 June 2010 (“the Award”).
Subsequently, both parties brought appeals on questions of law arising out of
the Award.

Questions of law raised in this appeal

6 OS 759 was filed by LW, the main contractor, in an appeal on the following
questions of law:

(a)

whether the contractual right of LW to claim for liquidated damages against
LCS under the provisions of the sub-contract for delay to the completion of
the works by LCS, which accrued prior to termination of the sub-contract, had
been extinguished or rendered inapplicable following termination of the sub-
contract (“the first question of law”);

(b)

whether the contractual right of LW to claim for liquidated damages against
LCS under the provisions of the sub-contract for delay to the completion of
the works by LCS, which accrued prior to termination of the sub-contract, had
been extinguished or rendered inapplicable following completion of the works
by others after termination of the sub-contract (“the second question of
law”); and

(c)

whether, in a claim for liquidated damages incurred or suffered by LW prior to
the termination of the sub-contract for delay in completion by LCS, LW was
required to prove the extent of damages incurred or suffered and attributable
to LCS’s breach of contract arising out of their delay in completing the works
(“the third question of law”).

The first question of law

7 During the Arbitration, LW put its claim for damages for delay in the
completion of the sub-contract works as being recoverable on the basis of
three alternative grounds:

(a)

as liquidated damages from 31 October 2002 to 28 July 2003 at the rate of
$5,000 per day;

(b)

as liquidated damages from 31 October 2002 to 12 May 2003 at the rate of
$5,000 per day, and general damages between 13 May 2003 and 28 July 2003
calculated at the same rate; or

(c)

as general damages between 31 October 2002 and 28 July 2003 calculated at the
rate of $5,000 per day.

8 All three bases of claim were rejected by the Arbitrator. The total amount
claimed by LW on each of the three alternative grounds was the same
($1,360,000) because the general damages were also calculated at $5,000 per
day. This was the rate of liquidated damages which was imposed on LW by the
Employer for delay in the main contract works. In relation to the claim for
general damages, the Arbitrator held that LW had failed to prove the extent of
its loss which was attributable to LCS because:

(a)

the main contract works included both the sub-contract works and M&E works,
and LW had failed to prove the extent of the delay in the main contract works
which was attributable to the delay in the sub-contract works; and

(b)

part of the delay after termination of the sub-contract was due to the conduct
of LW itself, and LW had failed to prove the extent of delay after termination
which was due to LCS’s delay.

9 In its appeal, LW chose to focus solely on the period between 31 October
2002 and 12 May 2003, _ie_ the period between the date on which the sub-
contract ought to have been completed (as extended by an agreed extension of
time) and the date on which the sub-contract was terminated by LW.
Essentially, LW’s position is that its termination of the sub-contract on 12
May 2003 did not _ipso facto_ have the effect of preventing the making of any
claims for liquidated damages which are based on the period _before_
termination.

The Arbitrator’s findings

10 The liquidated damages clause in the sub-contract is as follows:

24 _Damages for non-completion_

24 .1If the Contractor fails to complete the construction of the Works by the
Completion Date the Employer shall issue a notice in writing to the Contractor
to that effect.

24 .2 .1 Subject to the issue of a notice under clause 24.1 the Contractor
shall, as the Employer may require in writing not later than the date when the
Final Account and Final Statement become conclusive..., pay or allow to the
Employer the whole or part of a sum calculated at the rate [of $5,000 per day]
as liquidated and ascertained damages for the period between the Completion
Date and the date of Practical Completion and the Employer may deduct the same
from any monies due or to become due to the Contractor under this Contract
(including any balance stated as due to the Contractor in the Final Account
and Final Statement) or the Employer may recover the same from the Contractor
as a debt.

2 If, under clause 25.3.3, the Employer fixes a later Completion Date, the
Employer shall pay or repay to the Contractor any amounts recovered allowed or
paid under clause 24.2.1 for the period up to such later Completion Date.

11 The Arbitrator began his analysis by asking the question, “Does Clause
24.2.1 survive after the termination of the Sub-Contract?” He agreed with LCS
that all future obligations cease upon termination:

85 I agree with [LCS] that when a contract is terminated, all future
obligations under the contract cease with the termination. [LCS] relied on _Re
Sanpete Builders_... where the learned judge quoted _Keatings_ [_sic_] _on
Building Contracts_ (4th Edn):

“If the contract is brought to an end by determination or otherwise, then
prima facie all future obligations cease and no claim can be made for
liquidated damages accruing after determination. But there may be some special
clause which has the effect of keeping the provision for payment of liquidated
damages alive although the work has been taken out of the hands of the
contractor.”

86 The learned judge then went on to say:

“In _British Glanzstoff_... the House of Lords held that a clause on
liquidated damages applied only where the contractors had completed the
contract and did not apply where the control of the contract had passed out of
their hands.”

12 The Arbitrator then went on to decide that the liquidated damages clause
“does not apply and any claim for damages by [LW] would be by way of general
damages”:

87 A party to a contract cannot be made responsible for not fulfilling
obligations which he has been denied the opportunity on account of the
termination of the contract unless there are specific provisions in the
contract that expressly has the effect of keeping that provision alive after
the termination. In this Sub-Contract there is no such provision. Further, _as
decided by the House of Lords, liquidated damages apply only where the
contractor had completed the contract and not when their employment had been
terminated and control of the contract passed out of their hands_.

88 In the present case, [LCS] had not completed the contract. The completion
of the Sub-Contract was taken out of their hands. Hence, Clause 24.2.1 does
not apply and any claim for damages by [LW] would be by way of general
damages.

[emphasis added]

LW’s arguments

13 LW accepts that the Arbitrator correctly decided that all future
obligations under the sub-contract ceased upon termination so that no claim
for liquidated damages which accrue after termination may be made. This
concession was rightly made: Stephen Furst QC & Sir Vivian Ramsey, _Keating on
Construction Contracts_ (Sweet & Maxwell, 2006, 8th Ed) (“ _Keating_ ”) at
para 9-028. Its disagreement with the Arbitrator stems from his decision,
based on _British Glanzstoff Manufacturing Company, Limited v General
Accident, Fire and Life Assurance Corporation, Limited_ [1913] AC 143 (“
_British Glanzstoff_ ”), that a liquidated damages clause only “applies” where
the sub-contractor against which the liquidated damages claim was brought had
in fact completed the works. In other words, he decided that because the
liquidated damages clause did not “apply” in such a situation, no _claim_ for
liquidated damages could be brought regardless of whether it was brought in
relation to the period before or after termination of the sub-contract.

14 LW submits that _British Glanzstoff_ does not support the Arbitrator’s
decision. The report of the judgment of the House of Lords is somewhat brief
and merely states the following (at 144):

The First Division of the Court of Session... held, upon the construction of
clauses 24 and 26 of the contract, that the clause as to liquidated damages
applied only where the contractors had themselves completed the contract and
did not apply where the control of the contract had passed out of their hands.

...

The House affirmed the decision of the First Division of the Court of Session
upon the grounds stated by that Court.

The Arbitrator was content to take these paragraphs at face value and decided
that, _as a matter of law_ , _all_ claims of liquidated damages cannot be
sustained where the contractor has not in fact completed the works. However,
an examination of the decision of the lower court, as reported at _The British
Glanzstoff Manufacturing Company, Limited v The General Accident, Fire, and
Life Assurance Corporation, Limited_ [1912] SC 591, does not support the
Arbitrator’s decision because, on the facts, it was a case where the
termination of the contract occurred before the date of completion (at
592-593):

... By article 23 of the said articles of agreement it was provided that
possession of the site should be given to the contractors on or before the 1st
of May 1909, and that they should begin the works immediately thereafter _and
complete_ the same _by the 31st day of January 1910_. Possession was duly
given to the contractors on said 1st day of May 1909. By article 24 thereof it
was provided that if the contractors failed to complete the works by 31st
January 1909, or within any extended period allowed by the architect
thereunder, the contractors should be bound to pay to the employer the sum of
£250 sterling per week for the first four weeks, and £500 sterling per week
for all subsequent weeks during which the works remained unfinished. ... The
[contractors] entered upon the construction of the said works and _carried
them on until the 20th day of August 1909, when a receiving order was granted
... against them_. No further work was done by the [contractors]. In
consequence of the ... failure to complete the contract it was necessary for
the [employer] to obtain the services of other contractors, and on _16th
September 1909_ they entered into articles of agreement with Messrs Joshua
Henshaw & Sons ... who duly completed the construction of the said works. ...

[emphasis added]

In other words, the facts of _British Glanzstoff_ were such that the
termination of the contract (on 16 September 1909) had occurred before the
agreed date of completion (on 31 January 1910). Therefore, by definition,
there could not have been any claim to liquidated damages as of the date of
termination because the completion date had not yet arrived. This was
explained by Lord MacKenzie in the lower court (at 600):

… I am unable to see how the [employer] can charge [the contractors] under a
liquidated damages clause, because they failed to complete the works by 31st
January 1910, when on [the contractors’] bankruptcy the [employer] made a
contract with Henshaw & Sons to complete by 31st December 1909.

The decision was but a different iteration of the well-established principle
that no liquidated damages accrue once a contract has been terminated, in the
absence of express contractual provision to the contrary. LW submits that the
House of Lords did not intend that termination or the fact that the control of
the contract had passed out of the hands of the contractor should constitute a
new defence to a claim of liquidated damages. I agree.

15 LW’s interpretation is supported by the well-established principle that the
termination of a contract does not affect rights which have accrued before
termination: _Bank of Boston Connecticut v European Grain and Shipping Ltd_
[1989] 1 AC 1056 at 1098H-1099D; _Hurst v Bryk and others_ [2002] 1 AC 185 at
199D-E. This was explained in H G Beale QC (gen ed), _Chitty on Contracts vol
1_ (Sweet & Maxwell, 2008, 30th Ed) (“ _Chitty_ ”) at paras 24-048 and 24-051
in the following way:

... [I]n principle, only those primary obligations falling due after the date
of discharge will come to an end; _those which have accrued due at the time
may still be enforceable as such_. Thus, while both parties are discharged
from further performance of their primary obligations under the contract, “
_rights are not divested or discharged which have been unconditionally
acquired_ ”. The party in breach can therefore enforce against the innocent
party such rights as it has “unconditionally acquired” by the date of
termination.

[emphasis added]

This principle was reiterated in Nicholas Dennys QC, Mark Raeside QC & Robert
Clay, _Hudson’s Building and Engineering Contracts_ (Sweet & Maxwell, 2010,
12th Ed) (“ _Hudson_ ”) at para 6-039:

In the absence of special provision, it is submitted that any liquidated
damages accrued due prior to the date of rescission, forfeiture or
determination will be recoverable, but in respect of any later delay the
Employer will be required to prove their damage (if any) in the normal way...
Again, it has been seen that the Full Court of Victoria [in _SMK Cabinets_ ,
see _infra_ at [22]], consistently with this, has held that, in a case of
prevention by the ordering of extras where there is no applicable extension of
time clause, _liquidated damages already accrued due up to the date of the
order for the variations will be recoverable_ , but only general damages for
delay thereafter. _This accords with the general principle, following
rescission of a contract at common law, that previously accrued rights,
including rights of payment up to that time if such exist, will be enforced_.

[emphasis added]

In the present case, there is no express provision which stipulates that a
right to liquidated damages for the period between the agreed (or extended)
completion date and termination will be extinguished upon termination.

16 The Arbitrator also relied on _Re Sanpete Builders (S) Pte Ltd_ [1989] 1
SLR(R) 5 (“ _Re Sanpete Builders_ ”). LW submits that the case does not
support the Arbitrator’s interpretation of the law. I agree. Chao Hick Tin JC
(as he then was) was not concerned with the validity of a claim for liquidated
damages accruing _prior_ to the termination of the contract. This is clear
from the following passage in the judgment (at [23]):

_As on the date of termination of the sub-contract, no liquidated damages have
accrued to Sanpete because the date for completion has yet to arrive_. There
is nothing in the sub-contract which preserves the right to liquidated damages
after termination.

[emphasis added]

17 _Re Sanpete Builders_ was a case where the termination of the sub-contract
by the contractor occurred before the completion date (as extended by the
architect). The original completion date was 25 July 1986, but this was
extended by six months by the architect to 25 January 1987. The sub-contract
was terminated on 4 October 1986. Chao JC made it quite clear that he was only
dealing with the situation where termination occurred before the extended
completion date (at [21]):

In view of the fact that the subcontract was terminated by Sanpete on 4
October 1986, it seems clear to me that the liquidated damages clause can have
no application _as the clause talks about if the contractor fails to complete
the said works by the date. That is a condition precedent which must be
satisfied before liquidated damages may be imposed_. A contractor has until
the last hour of the day fixed for completion in which to finish the works:
see _Startup v MacDonald_ (1843) 6 Man & G 593 ...

[emphasis added]

Thus, Chao JC rejected the claim of liquidated damages despite the fact that
it was estimated by the architect that, as of 8 July 1986 (_ie_ , before the
extended completion date), the works were behind schedule by 163 days.

18 In summary, the cases cited by the Arbitrator, _ie_ , _British Glanzstoff_
and _Re Sanpete Builders_ , do not support his conclusion. It is well-
established that the effect of termination on liquidated damages is only that
no claim to liquidated damages can be brought in respect of the period after
termination. In the absence of express provision to the contrary, termination
of the contract does not affect a claim to liquidated damages in respect of
the period before termination.

Whether cl 24 survived termination

19 LCS argues that cl 24 (the liquidated damages clause) did not survive the
termination of the sub-contract, relying on _British Glanzstoff_ and _Re
Sanpete Builders_ , and that therefore no _claim_ to liquidated damages for
the period _before_ termination could be brought. It is not disputed that cl
24 did not survive termination in the absence of express provision to the
contrary; rather, what is disputed is whether or not this should necessarily
mean that liquidated damages for the period before that cannot be _claimed_.
For the reasons outlined in the previous section, the two cases do not assist
LCS.

20 LCS also relies on _Engineering Construction Pte Ltd v Attorney-General_
[1994] 1 SLR(R) 125 (“ _Engineering Construction_ ”). LCS initially argued
that Lim Teong Qwee JC held (at [31]) that the employer was not entitled to
deduct or recover liquidated damages in respect of any period during which the
contractor was in delay before termination. However, this in itself does not
assist LCS because, as LW points out, the _ratio_ of the case was that the
condition precedent to the right to liquidated damages had not been fulfilled.
In its further submissions, LCS accepts that the facts in _Engineering
Construction_ were different but relies instead on observations made by the
judge (at [30]). Because these observations relate to the issue of the point
in time at which the right to liquidated damages accrues under the contract, I
will leave this point aside for the time being.

Whether time had been set at large

21 LCS argues that the Arbitrator was correct to hold that LW was not entitled
to liquidated damages for the period between the agreed completion date (as
extended) and the date of termination, because time had been set at large by
reason of acts of prevention on LW’s part (although this was not the
justification which was articulated by the Arbitrator). As I have dismissed
LCS’s argument in OS 769 that time was set at large, it is unnecessary to deal
with this argument any further.

22 For the avoidance of doubt, even if I was wrong to have held that time had
not been set at large, a claim of liquidated damages would still be available
to LW to the extent that it was made in relation to the period before the acts
of prevention had been committed: see _SMK Cabinets v Hili Modern Electrics
Pty Ltd_ [1984] VR 391 (“ _SMK Cabinets_ ”).

Whether LW’s right to liquidated damages had accrued

23 I have held that liquidated damages which have accrued before termination
of a contract may still be claimed or deducted after termination. The question
which then arises is whether or not LW’s right to liquidated damages had
accrued as of the date of termination on 12 May 2003. This is the crux of this
appeal. LCS argues that LW’s right to claim liquidated damages _had not yet
accrued_ and therefore did not survive the termination. It advances several
grounds for this proposition.

Validity of notice

24 First, LCS argues that LW had failed to provide a valid notice pursuant to
cl 24, the relevant portion of which is as follows:

24 .1 If the Contractor fails to complete the construction of the Works by the
Completion Date the Employer shall issue a notice in writing to the Contractor
_to that effect_.

24 .2 .1 Subject to the issue of a notice under clause 24.1 the Contractor
shall... pay or allow to the Employer the whole or part of a sum calculated at
the rate [of $5,000 per day] as liquidated and ascertained damages ...

[emphasis added]

25 LW argues that it had in fact provided a valid notice by means of a letter
to LCS dated 2 January 2003, two months after the agreed completion date of 4
November 2002:

I am enclosing a copy of letter dated 2 January from the [Employer], giving
notification on the failure to proceed regularly and diligently with the
performance of the contractual obligation, in particular, to complete the
project on or before the _contractual extended completion date of 30 October
2002_.

We hereby notify you along similar basis expressed in the above-mentioned
letter for your failure to proceed regularly and diligently with your
obligations under the Contract dated 14 May 2001, _in particular, to complete
the project (ie your works) by the contractual completion time_. In this
regard, may we also refer you to Clause 27.1.2 of the Conditions of Contract.

Without prejudice to our rights whatsoever, you are hereby required to remedy
your said failure, in particular, to complete the project (ie your works)
within 14 days hereof. In this regard, you are required to forthwith give us
the latest construction programme to achieve completion of your works within
14 days from the date hereof.

We reserve our rights to take any action deemed necessary by us for the
failure on your part to regularly and diligently perform your obligations
under the Contract.

[emphasis added]

26 LCS argues that this letter did not constitute a valid notice because it
did not _specifically_ refer to LW’s right to liquidated damages. In my
opinion, such a reference is not a requirement of cl 24.1 which _prima facie_
merely requires that the notice should state that the sub-contractor failed to
complete the works by the completion date.

27 In any event, this argument does not constitute an argument of law. While
it is true that s 49(1) of the Arbitration Act (Cap 10, 2002 Rev Ed) (“the
Act”) merely specifies that _appeals_ must be brought on questions of law
arising out of arbitral awards, by necessary implication the arguments raised
in opposition to such appeals must _also_ be arguments of law, although they
need not themselves necessarily arise out of the award due to the operation of
O 69 r 6(6):

Where the respondent contends that the relevant part or parts of the award
should be upheld on grounds not or not fully expressed in the award, such
grounds should be included in the Respondent’s Case.

LCS’s argument that there was no valid notice pursuant to cl 24 contains two
distinct elements: (a) that there was an erroneous _interpretation_ of the
notice requirement in cl 24; and/or (b) that there was an erroneous
_application_ of this requirement to the letter. The first element is indeed a
question of law, but it is one which does not “arise out of” the Award for the
simple reason that the Arbitrator decided that LW’s claim of liquidated
damages failed at the preliminary stage because cl 24 did not “apply” where
the sub-contract had been terminated; he did not go on to consider whether all
the prerequisites to the right to liquidated damages had been satisfied. The
second element is a pure question of fact which is not open to appeal under s
49.

Interpretation of cl 24

28 Secondly, LCS argues that cl 24 provides that the _right_ to liquidated
damages _only arises_ upon _actual_ completion of the works. LCS notes that cl
24.2.2 provides that in the event that LW grants an extension of time under cl
25 and fixes a later completion date, LW is not entitled to claim liquidated
damages for the extended period. This is certainly correct, but it does not
even begin to answer the broader question of whether liquidated damages can be
claimed for the period _beyond_ the extended completion date up to the time of
termination.

29 Additionally, LCS notes that cl 24.2.1 specifies that liquidated damages
are calculated “for the period between the Completion Date and the date of
Practical Completion”. The Arbitrator held that the completion date was
extended to 4 November 2002. It is not disputed that practical completion
eventually occurred when the TOP was obtained on 1 August 2003. LCS notes that
in _Re Sanpete Builders_ , Chao JC stated (at [23]):

_As on the date of termination of the sub-contract, no liquidated damages have
accrued to Sanpete because the date for completion has yet to arrive_. There
is nothing in the sub-contract which preserves the right to liquidated damages
after termination.

[emphasis added]

LCS submits that, similarly, at the time of termination on 12 May 2003, the
date of practical completion had yet to arrive because the TOP had not been
obtained, and that therefore no right to liquidated damages had accrued. It is
undoubtedly true that the date of practical completion had not yet arrived,
but this does not assist LCS in any way. Its reliance on _Re Sanpete Builders_
is misplaced because Chao JC was but reiterating the well-established
principle that the right to liquidated damages only arises once the date of
completion has passed. The date of completion referred to by Chao JC in that
paragraph was the date of _agreed_ completion (and not the date on which the
works were actually completed).

30 More pertinently, LCS’s argument should be rejected because it conflates,
on the one hand, the conditions for the existence of a right to liquidated
damages, and, on the other hand, the total quantum of damages which may be
recovered pursuant to that contractual right. As LW points out, if it was the
parties’ intention that the right to liquidated damages would only accrue once
the actual date of practical completion had passed, they could have easily
provided for this in the clause. However, cl 24 does not in terms provide for
any condition precedent apart from the requirement to issue a notice. It is
not inconceivable that the parties would have intended that liquidated damages
could be claimed or deducted in respect of a shorter period if practical
completion was not yet achieved when the sub-contract was terminated.

31 This interpretation of cl 24 is supported by the fact that it is well-
established that the function of a liquidated damages clause is to allow the
employer to claim or deduct liquidated damages immediately the agreed
completion date has been overrun. This was explained in _Hudson_ (at para
6-029):

... [T]he most important practical function of liquidated damages clauses is
to confer a power to deduct the damages _immediately_ from monies due to the
Contractor _on interim certificate once the completion date or extended date
has passed_ ...

[emphasis added]

_Hudson_ goes on to explain the importance of this principle (at para 6-040):

... [A]s in many forms of contract liquidated damages _become due immediately
on the date when completion should have occurred, and provision is made for a
right of immediate deduction of liquidated damages from monies due after that
date_ (for example, on interim certificate); financial rights or obligations
may well have accrued by the time of determination or rescission, and it
would, to say the least, be highly inconvenient to reopen the whole state of
accounts between the parties, as would be the case if the liquidated damages
provision was held to have been invalidated retrospectively upon forfeiture.

Uncertainty as to date of contractual completion

32 LCS’s most promising argument is based on the inherent uncertainty as to
the exact completion date according to which the _total_ amount of liquidated
damages will _eventually_ be calculated. This argument is advanced primarily
on the basis of certain _obiter_ observations in _Engineering Construction_.
The facts of the case were as follows. The plaintiff agreed to complete
certain construction works for the government by 18 December 1991. Cl 31(a)
provided that the government would be entitled to liquidated damages for any
delay in completion, and cl 32(a) provided for the certifying engineer to have
the power to grant and certify extensions of time. On 30 April 1992 (_ie_ ,
after the agreed completion date), the government wrongfully terminated the
agreement. The plaintiff accepted this termination as a repudiatory breach. At
that time, the works were not yet completed. Subsequently, on 29 September
1992, the certifying engineer issued a certificate stating that the works
ought reasonably to have been completed by 28 December 1991 and another
certificate stating the amount of liquidated damages which was due to the
government. The plaintiff successfully sought a declaration that the
government was not entitled to the liquidated damages.

33 The _ratio_ of the decision was that the certifying engineer lost the power
to issue the certificates (which were a condition precedent to the right to
liquidated damages) once the contract was terminated. Lim JC nonetheless went
on to express his views on the other issues that were argued before him,
citing the decision of the lower court in _British Glanzstoff_ with approval.
The observations relied upon by LCS (at para [30] of the judgment) can be
summarised as follows:

(a)

So long as the contract remains in force, events for which an extension of
time may be granted may occur. Therefore, the total length of extensions of
time cannot be determined until the works are actually completed;

(b)

Under cl 31 of the contract, liquidated damages are payable in respect of the
period the works remain uncompleted. This period cannot be finally determined
until the works are in fact completed;

(c)

This period also cannot be determined if the works can no longer be completed
by the contractor by reason of the contract having come to an end (citing
_British Glanzstoff_);

(d)

If there is already delay to completion when the contract is terminated, that
period of delay may in fact be shorter upon completion (if the contract had
not been terminated) than at the time of termination. Say the date for
completion is 30 June. The works are not completed and will require another 15
days. The contractor proceeds with the works, and on 5 July extras are ordered
by the employer and the engineer allows an extension of 25 days (_ie_ , to 25
July). The contractor completes the original works as well as the extras on 30
July. What was potentially a 15-day period of delay has been reduced to one of
only 5 days; and

(e)

The first extension of time certificate issued by the engineer cannot be final
until the works are actually completed, and since further performance has been
taken out of the contractor’s hands altogether, the extension of time clause
can no longer operate.

34 LCS relies on these observations to establish that liquidated damages can
only be calculated and imposed after the works are completed by the original
contractor and after the project consultants take into account all events that
happened prior to the completion of the works. This is because the completion
date in a construction contract is liable to change and there may be events
which occur after termination which in fact reduce the _effective_ delay
_before_ termination _for which a contractor is liable_.

35 In my view, however, the observations in _Engineering Construction_ do not
provide any assistance to LCS. Statements (a), (b), (d) and (e) are
undoubtedly true but do not address the issue of whether a right to liquidated
damages has already arisen. As noted above, the right to liquidated damages on
LW’s part arose as soon as actual completion of the works was not achieved by
the agreed completion date. What is uncertain is merely the total amount of
liquidated damages to which LW is entitled.

36 The observation in (d) that, _ex post facto_ , the total period of delay
may turn out to be shorter than the expected period of delay viewed at the
agreed completion date, is indeed correct. But this does not assist LCS
because the right to liquidated damages may be characterised in the following
manner: a right to liquidated damages arises the moment the works have not
been completed by the agreed completion date, and the total quantum of a claim
to liquidated damages consequent on this right will increase with every day
(or week, _etc_ , as the case may be) that actual completion is not achieved.
However, the total quantum of liquidated damages that may be claimed is
subject to alteration by subsequent events such as extensions of time which
will, by extending the agreed completion date, reduce the effective period of
delay for which the contractor is liable. In other words, the _maximum_
quantum of liquidated damages that can be claimed increases as time passes,
but the actual quantum of liquidated damages which are eventually claimed or
deducted, over the entire period, may be less than that.

37 This characterisation is supported by the terms of the sub-contract. LW
points out that the sub-contract stipulates that the parties should deal with
issues of extension of time _as and when_ the relevant events occur: there is
no requirement to do so only after practical completion is achieved, and in
fact such an approach is prohibited. Cl 25.2.1 requires LCS to give notice of
an event which will or is likely to cause delay to the progress of the works
_once this becomes reasonably apparent_. Cl 25.2.3 also requires notice to be
given _whenever there is a subsequent material change_ in the circumstances.
In turn, cl 25.3 requires LW to grant the necessary extension of time and fix
a new completion date (where applicable) within 12 weeks of LCS’s notice.

38 LW also points out that the sub-contract provisions stipulate that
liquidated damages accrue _upon_ the occurrence of a delay in the completion
of the sub-contract works. LW is entitled to deduct any liquidated damages
from payments _other than_ the balance stated as due to LCS in the final
account and final statement – cl 24.2.1. Also, LW has to _repay_ to LCS any
liquidated damages _previously_ paid to LW _upon the fixing of a later
completion date_ – cl 24.2.2. It is clear that cll 24.2.1 and 24.2.2 directly
contradict LCS’s submission that LW’s right to liquidated damages cannot
accrue before actual completion.

39 This characterisation is additionally supported by two cases. In _JF
Finnegan Ltd v Community Housing Association Ltd_ (1995) 77 BLR 22, the
English Court of Appeal dealt with the construction and interpretation of a
liquidated damages clause in a JCT contract which is _in pari materia_ with cl
24 of the sub-contract. Peter Gibson LJ held that liquidated damages accrue
once there is delay to the completion of the construction works, regardless of
the fact that the agreed completion date may be subsequently revised. The
relevant passage from the judgment is as follows (at 34H-I):

Until another completion date is fixed, the employer is entitled to claim
[liquidated damages] _for the whole of the period of the overrun_ , _repaying
under clause 24.2.2 the excess when a later completion date is fixed by the
architect_ under clause 25.3.3. ...

[emphasis added]

40 In _SMK Cabinets_ , it was held by the Full Supreme Court of Victoria that
an employer may not claim liquidated damages in respect of delay arising after
it had ordered certain variation works after the due date for completion had
passed. However, the employer’s right to claim liquidated damages in respect
of delay occurring before its order of variation remained intact. Brooking J
explained the position quite clearly:

The first matter concerns the date of the prevention... The obligation is to
complete by a certain date... ; the subsequent ordering of extras cannot have
prevented the contractor’s performance of that obligation. Such is the
argument. But... _the consequences to the contractor of [its] failure depend
on the number of days during which the failure continues: the provision is for
graduated sums, the obligation being to pay a larger sum for every day by
which completion is delayed. The promise is to pay alternative sums, depending
on the date by which the work is finished: $35 if it is not finished before 22
July, $70 if it is not finished before 23 July, $105 if it is not finished
before 24 July, and so on_ ...

... [T]he ordering of variations after the due date which must substantially
delay completion will, unless the contract provides otherwise, and in the
absence of an applicable extension of time clause, disable the proprietor from
recovering or retaining liquidated damages which might otherwise have accrued
after the giving of the order, _the employer’s right in respect of amounts
that have already accrued by way of liquidated damages not being affected_ ...

[emphasis added]

41 LCS submits that it would be perverse if, in the situation where the sub-
contract has been terminated, events after termination which could decrease
the total number of days by which completion is delayed should be ignored.
LW’s argument does not, however, lead to this outcome: it acknowledges that
events after termination may affect the quantum of a claim for liquidated
damages for the period before termination. Rather, LW’s contention is that the
possibility of post-termination events which may result in extensions of time
should not _ipso facto_ negate the existence of the right to recover
liquidated damages. For the reasons outlined above, this is correct.

42 The only statement in _Engineering Construction_ which addresses the issue
directly is statement (c), which is made in reliance on _British Glanzstoff_.
I have dealt with this point above and found that _British Glanzstoff_ was
decided in very different circumstances. The correct interpretation of
_Engineering Construction_ is that Lim JC did not mean that post-termination
events should affect the _existence_ of a right to liquidated damages: he
merely observed, correctly, that such events could affect the _quantum_ of the
_total_ claim of liquidated damages.

Standard industry practice

43 LCS’s final argument relies on the provisions contained in two standard
forms widely used in Singapore, _ie_ , the _Public Sector Standard Conditions
of Contract for Construction Works_ (Building and Construction Authority,
2008, 6th Ed) (“ _PSSCOC_ ”) and the _Singapore Institute of Architects
Articles and Conditions of Building Contract: Lump Sum Contract_ (Singapore
Institute of Architects, 2008, 8th Ed) (“ _SIA Contract_ ”), to support its
proposition that further delay arising between termination and actual
completion has to be taken into account before the _right_ to liquidated
damages arises. It is doubtful whether the terms of other contracts, even if
they are contained in standard forms widely used in Singapore, are at all
relevant to the interpretation of cl 24 which is clear and not ambiguous. Even
if the terms of such standard forms were materially similar to cl 24 and cl 24
was ambiguous, the ultimate objective is to ascertain the parties’ objective
intentions as expressed in the contract which they have entered into and not
some other contract. As the Court of Appeal stressed in _Zurich Insurance
(Singapore) Pte Ltd v B-Gold Interior Design & Construction Pte Ltd_ [2008] 3
SLR(R) 1029 at [132(d)], the principle of objectively ascertaining the shared
contractual intentions of the parties remains paramount and that therefore any
extrinsic evidence must go towards proof of what the parties, from an
objective viewpoint, ultimately agreed upon. In the present case, there was no
evidence that the parties had regard to the _PSSCOC_ or _SIA Contract_ when
entering into the sub-contract. Indeed, as will be explained later, it is
apparent that the chosen allocation of rights and obligations in the sub-
contract is significantly different from that in the _PSSCOC_ and _SIA
Contract_. Nevertheless, for the sake of completeness LCS’s arguments will be
considered.

44 LCS argues that standard industry practice dictates that the final
statement and final account are issued only after practical completion is
achieved. Therefore, the parties must have intended that LCS be given an
opportunity to make representations to LW as to the state of accounts between
themselves before the final statement and final account is issued. Although it
is undoubtedly true that the final statement and final account are, as a
matter of practice, issued only after practical completion is achieved, this
is neither here nor there. It is also not uncommon that interim statements and
interim certificates are issued and that the amounts stated in those documents
are immediately payable upon their issue (subject only to adjustment in
subsequent statements and/or certificates). This was explained in Chow Kok
Fong, _Law and Practice of Construction Contracts_ (Sweet & Maxwell Asia,
2004, 3rd Ed) (“ _Chow Kok Fong_ ”) (at p 338):

Interim certificates are certifications of payments made in accordance with a
timetable in the contract... These certifications are never intended to be a
precise determination of the value of the works... A more accurate view of the
amount certified in an interim certificate is to treat them as estimates of
the value of the work done up to the date shown in the certificate. Thus,
while the employer or owner is obliged to pay what is certified, the amounts
certified are not binding on the parties in the sense that they are subject to
adjustment on completion ...

45 This provisional quality of interim certificates was also explained in
_Keating_ at para 5-009 and _Hudson_ at para 4-074 to 4-075. Clause 24.2,
which envisages that a right to liquidated damages may accrue before practical
completion and the issue of the final statement and final account,
encapsulates this industry practice.

46 Apart from its argument based on the final statement and final account, LCS
relies on specific clauses contained in the _PSSCOC_ and _SIA Contract_. Cl
31.3 of the _PSSCOC_ is as follows:

If the employment of the Contractor has been terminated for default pursuant
to Clause 31.1 and completion of the Works or any phase or part by the
Employer or by other contractors or persons appointed by the Employer to
complete the Works, phase or part has been delayed beyond the Time for
Completion, the following provisions shall have effect:

(a) _The Employer shall be entitled to the same liquidated damages for delay
as those which would have been payable if the Contractor had completed the
Works_ or phase or part on the actual completion date of the Employer or the
other contractors or persons appointed by the Employer.

(b)For the purpose of giving effect to the above, the Superintending Officer
shall, upon the completion of the Works or phase or part issue a certificate.
Such certificate shall state the date upon which the Contractor should have
completed the Works or phase or part and shall also state the full period of
delay for which the Contractor is responsible and shall compute the total
damages due to the Employer therefor. _The certificate shall give credit for
events occurring after the termination of the Contractor's employment which
would have entitled the Contractor to an extension of time had he duly
executed and completed the Works or phase or part and duly complied with
Clause 14. In assessing the period of delay, the Superintending Officer shall
also reduce the period of delay to the extent that there has been any failure
by the Employer or by any other contractors or persons engaged by the Employer
to use due diligence and expedition in arranging for or completing the
remaining parts of the Works or phase or part_.

(c)Upon the issue of a certificate under Clause 31.3(b), the amount of damages
certified by such certificate shall be immediately recoverable by the Employer
from the Contractor.

[emphasis added]

And cl 32(8)(g) of the _SIA Contract_ is as follows:

In the event of the termination of the employment of the Contractor...

(g) _In the event that final completion of the Works by the other contractors
or persons engaged by the Employer has been delayed beyond the Contract
Completion Date_ (as revised or extended or notionally extended...) the
following provisions shall have effect:-

(i) _The Employer shall be entitled to the same liquidated damages for delay
as those which would have applied under the terms of the Contract if the
Contractor had himself completed the Works on the actual completion date of
the other contractors or persons engaged by the Employer_.

(ii)... [T]he Architect shall, upon the completion of the Works issue a
certificate known as a “Termination Delay Certificate”. Such certificate shall
state the date upon which the Contractor should have completed the Works...
but... shall state the full period of delay for which the Contractor is
responsible and shall compute the total damages due to the Employer therefore.
_The Certificate shall give credit for matters following the termination which
would in any event have entitled the Contractor to an extension of time had he
completed the Works himself and applied for such extension, and in assessing
the period and date of delay to be certified in the Termination Delay
Certificate the Architect shall also reduce the period of delay to be
certified to the extent that there has been any failure by the Employer or by
the other contractors or persons engaged by the Employer to use diligence and
due expedition in arranging for or completing the remaining parts of the
Works_.

(iii)Upon the issue of the Termination Delay Certificate the damages certified
in that Certificate shall be immediately payable by the Contractor to the
Employer.

[emphasis added]

47 LCS argues that clauses such as cl 31.3 of the _PSSCOC_ and cl 32(8)(g) of
the _SIA Contract_ were introduced because it was recognised that liquidated
damages are assessed for the period up to actual completion: these clauses
empowered the contract administrator (a) to assess events _after_ termination
that could change the overall situation and (b) to give the terminated
contractor credit for events that happen after termination. LCS points out
that cl 25 (the extension of time clause) also contemplates that the
completion date is liable to further changes. However, this argument does not
assist LCS. In advancing this argument, LCS has again conflated, on the one
hand, the conditions for the existence of a right to liquidated damages, and,
on the other hand, the total quantum of liquidated damages to which the
contractor is entitled. The uncertainty as to the total quantum of liquidated
damages available to an employer or contractor does not negate the existence
of the right to liquidated damages.

48 In any event, LW notes that the liquidated damages provisions in the
_PSSCOC_ and _SIA Contract_ survive termination unlike cl 24 of the sub-
contract because there is express contractual provision to this effect: see,
respectively, cl 31.3(a) of the _PSSCOC_ and cl 32(8)(g)(i) of the _SIA
Contract_. Therefore, credit was given to the original contractor for matters
following termination which would have entitled the original contractor to an
extension of time had it completed the works itself. The provision of such
credit was not because of the termination _per se_ , but because of the
continued application of the liquidated damages provisions to the original
contractor after termination. By contrast, in the present case the sub-
contract did not provide for the same liquidated damages to be applied to the
original sub-contractor after termination. Thus, these clauses cannot possibly
be relevant to the interpretation of cl 24 given the significantly different
allocation of rights and obligations in the event of delay to the completion
of the works and subsequent termination of the contract.

Conclusion

49 I hold that the answer to the first question of law is “No”. Thus, I allow
LW’s appeal on the first question of law.

50 I would note one last point before turning to the appeal on the second
question of law. Both parties argued their respective cases before the
Arbitrator and this court on the basis that the termination was that _of the
sub-contract_. The first issue referred to the Arbitrator by LW was:

Whether the _termination of the Sub-Contract_ by [LW] on 12 May 2003 was
valid.

[emphasis added]

And, on appeal, the first question of law posed was as follows:

Whether the contractual right of [LW] to claim for liquidated damages against
[LCS] under the provisions of the Sub-Contract for delay to the completion of
the Sub-Contract Works by [LCS], which accrued prior to _termination of the
Sub-Contract_ , is extinguished or rendered inapplicable following
_termination of the Sub-Contract_.

[emphasis added]

51 There is, however, a clear conceptual distinction between termination _of
the contract_ and termination _of one’s employment_ under the contract. This
distinction was explained in _Chow Kok Fong_ (at p 598):

The activation of the termination proceedings usually operates to alter the
employer’s obligations for payments. These changes may occur at two levels.
Firstly, where the termination provision provides for the contract to be
terminated as opposed to the determination of the contractor’s employment, it
would seem that the effect is that _all the arrangements under the contract
comes to an end_. In these circumstances, an architect or engineer becomes
_functus officio_ and he can no longer certify payments or administer the
contract: _Engineering Construction Pte Ltd v Attorney General (No. 2)_
(1994). For this reason, _the wording used in the provisions of contracts like
the JCT and the SIA standard forms distinguish carefully between the
determination of a contractor’s employment and the termination of a contract_.

[emphasis added]

This conceptual distinction was also explained in _Chitty vol 2_ (at para
37-242):

_[Determination] refers to termination of the employment of the contractor
under the contract, as opposed to bringing the contract itself to an end_...
Both parties remain bound by terms of the contract which are to apply upon
determination coming into effect... _The consequences of determination for
default are broadly equivalent to the effect of acceptance of repudiatory
breach of contract as terminating the contract. In the case of determination,
however, the contract makes express provision for the consequences_...

[emphasis added]

52 In the present case, the notice of termination by LW on 12 May 2003 was, on
closer examination, a notice of termination of LCS’s employment under the sub-
contract:

As you have failed to proceed regularly and diligently with the performance of
your contractual obligations, we hereby give you notice to determine the
contract under Clause 27 of the Conditions of Contract. We therefore require
you to leave site immediately.

Cl 27 refers to a termination of employment and not a termination of the sub-
contract:

27 .1Without prejudice to any other rights or remedies which the Employer may
possess, if the Contractor shall make default in any one or more of the
following respects, that is to say:

1...

2if he fails to proceed regularly and diligently with the performance of his
obligations under this Contract; ...

Then the Employer may give to him a notice... specifying the default. If the
Contractor either shall continue such default..., then the Employer may within
10 days after such continuance or repetition... forthwith _determine the
employment of the Contractor under this Contract_...

[emphasis added]

53 In truth, therefore, the mere termination of LCS’s employment under the
sub-contract on 12 May 2003 would not _ipso facto_ have affected the existence
of the liquidated damages clause, although the claim of liquidated damages for
the period _after_ termination of LCS’s employment would still be barred,
applying the reasoning in _British Glanzstoff_ , in the absence of express
provision to the contrary. Thus, the net result would have been the same. As
the parties did not identify and raise this issue before the Arbitrator, I
have decided this appeal on the basis that the termination on 12 May 2003 was
that of the sub-contract.

The second question of law

54 LW argues that the Arbitrator erred when he decided that a claim for
liquidated damages which had accrued before termination would fail if the sub-
contract had been terminated and control over the Project had passed out of
LCS’s hands. The relevant passage in the Award is as follows:

87 A party to a contract cannot be made responsible for not fulfilling
obligations which he has been denied the opportunity on account of the
termination of the contract unless there are specific provisions in the
contract that expressly has the effect of keeping that provision alive after
the termination. In this Sub-Contract there is no such provision. _Further, as
decided by the House of Lords_ [in _British Glanzstoff_]_, liquidated damages
apply only where the contractor had completed the contract and not when their
employment had been terminated and control of the contract passed out of their
hands_.

[emphasis added]

55 In LW’s appeal on the first question of law, I have concluded that a claim
to liquidated damages may still be brought even where the sub-contract has
been terminated, provided that the liquidated damages claimed relate only to
the period between the agreed completion date and the termination date (in the
absence of express contractual stipulation to the contrary). Therefore, events
which occur after termination, such as the appointment of other sub-
contractors to complete the works, should not affect the ability of a
contractor to mount such a claim (again, in the absence of express contractual
stipulation to the contrary), although the total quantum of such a claim may
be subject to subsequent certificates. Thus, I allow LW’s appeal on the second
question of law.

The third question of law

56 LW argues that the Arbitrator erred when he decided that, in its claim for
_liquidated_ damages, it was required to prove the extent of loss suffered
which was attributable to LCS’s breach of contract in the latter’s delay in
completion of the works. After the Award was made, LW requested on 2 July 2010
an additional award pursuant to s 43(4) of the Act; according to LW, the
omitted claim was for liquidated damages between 5 November 2002 and 12 May
2003. Five days later, the Arbitrator rejected this request on the ground that
he had already dealt with LW’s claims for general and liquidated damages for
the entire period, _ie_ , from 31 October 2002 to 28 July 2003. In so doing,
he allegedly implied that cl 24 did in fact “apply” to the claim for
liquidated damages but that the claim had failed because LW had failed to
prove the loss which was attributable to LCS’s breach.

57 The Arbitrator repeated his finding that cl 24 did not survive termination,
and that therefore he rejected the post-termination claim of liquidated
damages. He then stated that, in relation to “pre-termination damages
(_liquidated or otherwise_)”, he had rejected this claim due to LW’s failure
to prove the loss attributable to LCS’s breach. Although this latter wording
was somewhat imprecise, it is clear that the Arbitrator did not change his
mind on the issue and implications of whether cl 24 survived termination. This
reflected his error on the first and second questions of law. In any event, if
the letter had purported to decide the substance of LW’s claim then it would
have no legal effect because the Arbitrator would be _functus officio_ once
the Award was issued on 29 June 2010: s 44(1). Thus, I dismiss the appeal on
the third question of law.

Remedies

58 As I have allowed LW’s appeals on the first and second questions of law,
the question of remedies has to be considered. In its originating summons, LW
prayed for the Award “to be varied, set aside or be remitted to the arbitral
tribunal for reconsideration”. During the course of argument, it became clear
that LW’s preferred remedy was a variation of the Award so that its claim for
$945,000 as liquidated damages between 5 November 2002 and 12 May 2003 is
allowed. The court’s remedial jurisdiction in an appeal on a question of law
arising out of an award is provided by s 49(8) of the Act, which is as
follows:

On an appeal under this section, the Court may by order —

(a)confirm the award;

(b)vary the award;

(c)remit the award to the arbitral tribunal, in whole or in part, for
reconsideration in the light of the Court’s determination; or

(d)set aside the award in whole or in part.

59 The difficulty with LW’s preferred remedy is that such a variation requires
a finding that LW _was entitled_ to all the liquidated damages claimed for
that particular period; this is a finding which necessarily requires that
_all_ the prerequisites of such a claim have _in fact_ been satisfied. Because
the Arbitrator rejected LW’s claim of liquidated damages on the preliminary
point of law that no such claim could be brought after termination of the sub-
contract, he did not proceed to determine whether the other prerequisites were
met. Although it is undisputed that the sub-contract works were not completed
by the extended completion date of 4 November 2002, the Arbitrator did not
deal with the issue of whether the required notice was given by LW pursuant to
cl 24.1. In _Fence Gate Limited v NEL Construction Limited_ (2001) 82 Con LR
41, Judge Thornton QC observed at [93]:

It follows that _the power to vary ought ordinarily only to be used where the
necessary fact-finding has already been completed by the arbitrator and the
necessary answer is self-evident_. Where a further role is to be performed by
the arbitrator, particularly if there _is insufficient information in the
award to enable the court to decide on the appropriate variation to make to
the award in the light of its findings on the questions of law_ that have led
to the appeal succeeding, the appropriate remedy would normally be to remit
the award for his reconsideration...

[emphasis added]

A similar approach was adopted in _Marc Rich & Co AG v Beogradska Plovidba
(The “Avala”)_ [1994] 2 Lloyd’s Rep 363 at 365 by Tuckey J, who stated:

... I am not persuaded that but for the concession the arbitrator would or
should necessarily have decided the point in favour of [the] charterers...
[E]ven if I had concluded that the award did raise a question of law _I would
not have felt able to determine the issues between the parties on the facts
presently found by the arbitrator_.

[emphasis added]

60 Although I am of the opinion that the required notice under cl 24.1 was
satisfied by LW’s letter of 2 January 2003, this was a matter which was to be
decided by arbitration pursuant to the parties’ intentions as encapsulated in
Art 5 of the sub-contract. It would not be appropriate for the requested
variation to be ordered in the absence of sufficient findings by the
Arbitrator to support it.

Conclusion

61 For the above reasons, I allow LW’s appeal on the first and second
questions of law. Accordingly, I remit the Award to the Arbitrator, pursuant
to s 49(8)(c), for reconsideration on the issue of whether LW was entitled to
liquidated damages between 5 November 2002 and 12 May 2003, in light of my
finding that a claim to liquidated damages for that period, being the period
after the extended contractual completion date but before termination of the
sub-contract, is not excluded by termination or the fact that control over the
works had passed out of LCS’s hands.

62 The appeal on the third question of law is dismissed because it is not
brought against a question of law arising out of an award.

63 As LW has been successful in its appeal on two of the three questions of
law, I award costs for this appeal to LW. As for the costs of the Arbitration,
I remit this issue, pursuant to s 49(8)(c), to the Arbitrator for
reconsideration in the light of my decision on the first and second questions
of law and of the decision which he eventually reaches on LW’s claim for
liquidated damages for the specified period.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 05 Jul 2011 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

