Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  AQD _v_ AQE and another matter  
[2011] SGHC 92

Case Number| :| Divorce No 5136 of 2010 (RAS No 211 of 2010) and Originating
Summons (Family) No 229 of 2010 (RAS 212 of 2010)  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 12 April 2011  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Choo Han Teck J  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Bernice Loo Ming Nee (Allen & Gledhill LLP) for the
plaintiff; Wong Soo Chih (Ho, Wong & Partners) for the defendant.  
Parties| :|  AQD — AQE  
  
12 April 2011| Judgment reserved.  
---|---  
  
Choo Han Teck J:

1 This is the defendant’s (“the wife”) appeal against the District Judge’s
refusal to grant a stay of the parties’ divorce proceedings (“the divorce
suit”), and proceedings regarding the parties’ children’s custody, care and
control, and access (“the Originating Summons”).

2 The parties are English nationals who have been living in Singapore since
1991. They are not permanent residents of Singapore. They were married in 1994
and have a son aged 11 and a daughter aged 15. The son started attending a
boarding school in England in September 2010. Prior to that, he lived and
studied in Singapore. Currently, the daughter still resides and studies in
Singapore. The wife intends to move to England with the daughter permanently
in the middle of 2011. The husband intends to remain living in Singapore.

3 The plaintiff (“the husband”) first filed the Originating Summons regarding
the children’s matters on 8 September 2010. The wife then filed a divorce suit
in England on 10 September 2010. The husband subsequently filed the divorce
suit in Singapore on 13 October 2010. The Originating Summons proceedings were
concluded on 21 October 2010 when the Singapore court made its orders as to
the children’s custody, care and control, and access. The court made an order
for joint custody, with the wife having care and control of the children. The
wife did not appeal against the order for joint custody.

4 The main issue in this appeal is whether the parties’ divorce action should
be heard in England or Singapore. Whichever jurisdiction was to hear the
divorce should also decide the ancillary matters, namely, the children’s
matters, the division of matrimonial assets, and the maintenance of the former
wife and children. That would be the fairest and most expeditious way of
adjudicating the entire action. The distribution of judicial tasks across
jurisdictions makes it less likely for either court to make just and equitable
orders across the entire matter with confidence because cross-jurisdictional
orders may result in conflict with each other. Hence, the jurisdiction which
bears the greater connection to the matter as a whole should hear the both the
divorce action and the ancillaries. In the present case, I consider there to
be more and weightier connecting factors to England than Singapore.

5 First, the fact that the children’s matters have been substantively decided
by the Singapore court should not prevent the wife from applying for a stay of
the Originating Summons. The parties have agreed to share custody of the
children, with care and control to the wife and access to the husband. This
means that parties have in fact agreed that the children will live with the
wife. Given that the wife intends to relocate to England together with the
children in the near future, and the children will be residing and receiving
their education there, what will be subsequently contested must be the
husband’s terms of access. The husband’s terms of access to the children must
be determined according to the children’s best interests. And a child’s best
interest is best determined by the forum which is best equipped to determine
what is best for the child in all material respects of his well-being. The
English court will undoubtedly be in a better position than a Singapore court
to determine this issue afresh in the light of the wife’s lifestyle and
children’s new schooling schedule there. More importantly, it will also be in
a better position to enforce these orders effectively.

6 Secondly, although there could be disputes of fact regarding the
circumstances which led to the marital breakdown, these evidential issues may
ultimately turn out to be less critical. On the one hand, the wife in her suit
filed in England alleges that the husband committed adultery. On the other
hand, the husband in the divorce suit filed in Singapore alleges that the wife
behaved unreasonably. The husband contends that witnesses who can give
evidence relating to the marital breakdown are to be found in Singapore, and
therefore, the stay should not be granted. But neither party disputed that the
marriage had broken down irretrievably. This perspective, coupled with the
contemporary philosophy of no-fault divorce in both Singapore and England, may
mean that whichever fact that the parties intend to rely upon to prove an
irretrievable breakdown of marriage (namely adultery or unreasonable
behaviour) is immaterial both practically and normatively. Hence, the fact
that the divorce may be contested is no longer such a crucial factor.

7 Thirdly, the English courts will be better placed to make decisions with
respect to the other ancillary matters, namely the wife’s and children’s
maintenance and the division of matrimonial assets. The parties have much
property located around the world and the Singapore court will not enjoy any
logistical advantage over the English court in the process to delimit the pool
of matrimonial assets. Conversely, the English court has an important
advantage over the Singapore court. The determination of ancillary matters
must not only have regard to the past conduct of the parties, it should also
anticipate their future conduct and circumstances. Hence, the wife’s and
children’s standard of living in England, potential earning capacity of
parties in their new habitats, _inter alia_ , should be considered. These are
matters which the English court can more conveniently decide and they are the
real live issues in a marriage that appears dead in the view of both parties.

8 On the balance, therefore, I am of the view that the divorce application and
Originating Summons proceedings in Singapore should be stayed. The English
court will be a more appropriate forum to resolve the matters in a just and
equitable manner. I thus order accordingly.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 12 Apr 2011 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

